[?] m EXPERIENCES 0£ SPIRITUALISM. ,J-/''''' '?'...? ;'. [By P.l_ ,'.'?' ' '? '???'???? !: SVhen a juryman, at the Old Bailey i 4ielped-to try an attendant of a pauper lunatic ^?asylum for ^manslaughter, and found him ^guilty, cniefly on theevidence of a pauper \--witness, who believed that 'he was occasion ially surrounded by and in communication ;-with-spirit3. Ee gave his evidence clearly 'and to the purpose, being the only eye wit* noss of the 'violence that caused the death of \a fellowpaiipsr. Counsel for the defence -askedbimif ho believed in spirits andcom ;jnunicated with them j to which he xe« 'Bponded, *' I see them now, they are round 'me, above, below, on all sides of me, and bid mo tell the truth.' His manner was impres .eive, awe-struck, and an exalted and far-off ilook came into his eyes, and the expression of ? his countenance was one of reverence and ex pectation. 'Mad, you see, gentlemen of the ?jury ; mad as a March hare,' said the .prisoner's counsel, 'and I claim a verdict of .aiot guilty from you.' The medical evidence affirmed that the witness was only mad on ; the one subject and sane on all others, and ''that he was a harmless lunatic. The; jury ',- was a little ahead of events, and was accord ingly made an example of by some of the .^newspapers of that time. Spiritualism had 'tx6t been heard 01 in those days. 'The . o'dy'lic vapor' had not been discovered, and a Mr. -.Kardec, who, in 1S63, affirmed ' that we are surrounded by myriads of spirits, t -was unknown or he might have been taken /with -niany othera for a harmless lnnatic, only mad upon one subject, but sane and capable enough on all other?. Donnelly, the .name of the witness, would have been a fine medium and worked wonders in the hands ; of an adroit manager of the seance, but he ?? was before hi3 time, and in a mad world was 'incarcerated in a pauper lunatic asylum be ' cause he believed in spirits and wonders that -.other eyes failed to see. The ghosts of past ?times have been as well authenticated as the \ Bpirits, of the present day, and were as care ? 'f nl of decency as they now aro, always ap '? pearing to mortal eyes clothed in terrestrial | garments, if we except the bony or skeleton ?...-period, when the sex of a visitant could only i he guessed by tho fashion of its bones. There i;TfM the celebrated Cock-lane ghost in 1756, \ personified by the daughter of the landlord , of-the Cock Inn. The Sampford ghost at .?tested by the Rev. Mr. Cotton, which played -as ektraordinary vagaries as any more modern spirit, and did not want darkness ' for its manifestations, buttook the shape of ' an old woman and wa9 seen, so it is attested, , . coming through tho ceiling. A Mr. Tully \- penetrated the mystery and laid the ghost ?with a thick Btick. Then there wa3 the ' Stqckwell ghost, the author a young girl . srho was not discovered, but years after.; 1 Admitted how it was done, but nob why she xlidifc. The now unfashionable ghost was 'Sometimes material enough, and sometimes ' aa ^msy or filmy a3 could be desired by the .most fastidious; The ghoats could be walked , .through if not walked into, and like the more fashionable spirits of the present day, could, ? if required, pass through, oach other and : thus prevent crowding. . Ghosts without 'heads or with heads under their arms, '' deficient in legs but with the ghost ? .of .a wooden one- ghosts with sticks that were ? ghostly too, and ghosts that smoked, their 'opines and took things easy, a3 well as ghosts ' in chains with groans and pains as if in per petual purgatory. All these have been, and those who want to know more can find it in The Night Side of Nature, or in The Foot falls on the [Boundary- of Another World ; * for yonr fashionable Spiritualisfc claims aliap . pearances past and present as apparitions . ? or -manifestations of the spirit world* Pro* ; IeH30r Popper's ghost settled the business of : -a good many apparitions, and Is now accli* ?matiaed as part of the fun of the fairs . in the old country, and can be easily tested , lay any one having French windows that open at right angles to a wall, when tho; « iphenonemon of seeing a person in front of ? ?7011, who is completely out of sight behind, f 'the wall, may be exhibited without any ' difficulty, and no one by mere night could' .tollho was only gazing at a reflection. This \- may account for much, but not all. We assume that we know the laws of nature, but: ?vie grasp only a part of them. We dony the . .possibility of the suspension of natural laws, but are nob in a position to determine in lOvery .instance what is and what ia not' ; natural, The wonderful accidents that have .revealed the energy of electricity, the forces concealed for ages In the elasticity of steam, this voices heard by the telephone would in darker times have been denounced as tho result of magic, of dealings with tho enemy of mankind, becatiso they would havo been -thought Husricneiovji nl natural Iar/3 instead V of beinij regarded as the manifestation and discovery of nature's law. Without being dupes or -idiot3 we can. afford .to examine anything, investigate any phenomena that may be brought under our notice, without the necessity of bolieving or accepting what we can neither explain nor understand, and without the desire to discard and deride those things that others aocept and believe for ;the. svery same reasons that we hold ourselves unready and feel bound to wait for tho revelation that has not yet been macle personal to ourselves. ? In some suck frame of mind I accompanied , my friends to. tho second aoanco I have at- , 'tended, and having gone through much that was done on tho previous cocasion, and after wards talked historical Spiritualism to, and with, some of the company, I fixed upon a nearly blind old gentleman who regretted he ' could not see the phenomena that wo were supposed to be favred with; When we moved to the inner room I guided my new acquain tance to a seat close to the cabinet in which the medium was .to be bound, and took one beside him, to tho ovident un- . easiness of tho proprietory of the exhibi tion, but as I took no notice and would not move from my point o£ vantage, and could not bo enticed by my indignant friend to help to tie tho medium or examine any. thing, I tras at last left in possession/of my blind acquaintance and of my seat, quieting my friend with the observation that I cared' nothing about the tying, because I was con fident Mr. Williams had no intention of leaving the cabinet after ho was shut in it. : Left to myself I determined to hear and see and remember all I could. The medium was shut in, the lights turned out after fingers were linked as before, but not com pleting the circle, a space being left in front of and between the tabla and the cabinet. DarkneB3, Bilence, expectation — but notkiDg came of it. The spirits did not like silence or to bo watohed for, on -which announce ment the experts and believers began shout ing and stamping as if they had gone mad. Under cover of thi3 row any one or more of us might have been carried off— spirited away in the coaraeab material manner — in fact anything might have been done by clumsy rogues without fear of detection under the like circumstances, said to bo ne cessary to induce tho spirits to come forth in a materialised condition. A pause in tho row — silence. A voice asks, 'Are any spirits present ?' No response. 'Are any of our dear departed friends present?' More row to cover tho approach of the spirit battalions. The last unanswered query irre sistibly reminded me of the weeping widow who sought an interview with her 'dear departed.' ' Are you there, Tom ?' Tho spirit rapped out assent. 'Aro you in bliss ?' ' Comparatively,' wa3 knocked out. ; ' Would you like to come back to your dear wife ??' An emphatic ' No.' ' Where are ' you now .?' 'In Hell,' was the response. A souadas of somo movement in the cabinet, a glimmsr of light near the ceiling over and about the top and aido of the cabinet. 'Did you see it ? It is King. H13 head la floating about.' Amidst such like observa tions I caught a glimpse of a sallow face] which seemed to be suspended to a dim reli gious light of its own. A pause. 'Areyou there, Tom 'King? Will you kindly show yourself and como among us ?' No answer — no appearance. ? More row suggested, and just as it began the luminous head again ap peared, lower down this time, but still far off, as if ohy of our mortality. I was so situated that no one could approach the open part of the table without my hearing, I heard nothing, but I smelt a faint sickening odor, faint but undoubted, and after a few minutes of expectation and thrilling silence the luminous head appeared at the table about /the height of a man of ordinary stature from the ground. The light thrown on the face wa3 from a semi transparent opal lamp held in the hollow of 'both hands which were covered by thick folds of the whits cotton burnous. ' My position, the last but one at one end of two thirds of a circle, of human beings (at the other being the conductor of the seance — we surrounded the table like the lines of a' horse shoe, the segment of the circle left un completed being filled by tho cabinet and the space between that and the table) enabled me to see more of the spirit and the details of the light carried, and the guise it wore ; and when the spirit stooped over the table to accommodate the curiosity of those' on tho right and left and in front to seem him closer or to touch the 'luminous stone' from the mines of the spirit world, I wa8' behind and conld without disengaging my little-finger touoh his materialised spiritual burnous. I could just lean over the table far enough to touoh the spirit face with mine as it floated about rather lower down than at first, On tho departure of the luminous head conversation became general. 'Did -you see it float towards me f said ono. 'Did you Boa it at the ceiling and then glide along along the table '{' said others, and to those in front I have no doubt appearances were as they described them. 'Are there any other Bpirits . present ?' asked tho conductor, to which rcRponded a (squeaking punch and judy kind of voioo in inarticulate merri ment. ' Oh that is Katty King' called out a feminine votary, ' I am delighted to Bpenk to you and meet you, Katty.' A sti less inartioulate chuoklo was all that the spirit of the froliscome Katty deigned in reply. Requests were urgent for the reap, pearance of Tom King. Wo waited almost despairing, but just as hope grew faint I asked my righthandcompanionif he smelt anything. ?'No, said ho,, 'what is thereto smell?' The odor of whisky had coached my sensi tive nerves, and I announced in a whisper that the spirit of King was at hand. Deter mined to have a close view, I stretched my body over the table, my lace turned towards Where, if the spirit was of ? man, in -felt, slippers with an opal -lamp covered up ia its' bands, it was sure to come. The calculation was correct and the result startling. 'The luminoua stone irradiated the spirit counten ance, and our, noses were within about six inches of each other. .The spirit raised his eyes from the light,. and with a look of sudden dismay looked into mine and starting back called out in a sternijvoice 'doo/t come too close.' I looked more fatuous than usual and kept my position. Taking courage from the familar manner ia whioh tho adepts ad dressed these spirit visitors I muttered, 'I only wanted to see you plainly, Tom King, and would not offend you on any account.' The spirit looked intently at mo. and no doubt coming -to the conclusion1 that I was 'fool enough for anything again advanced with noiseless and gliding steps. At this junc ture 'the luminoua stone' snemed to get too warm for the spirit's /hands, muflied though they were, and passing it from ono ?to the other much the same as I havo scon a boy with a hot potato, the tiny lamp opened and for a moment showed the flame inside. Recovering control of the lamp, which had - again become a luminous stone, tho spirit advanced, and at my request let mo touch the stone, which was warm and -as .materialised as any ordi nary closed lamp might be expected to be. I retired baok to my proper position, as de mands came from all quarters to touch tho luminous stone. Stooping '.forward. over tho - 'table he accommodated all ho could reaoh. In1 doing so, %yhen the head was ot'rotched out and tho light in front, ? it was curious and wonderful to see tho light showing betwoen; his whiskers- and his shaven choeks. I laughed slightly — hysterically of course. The spirit turned, and gazing at my fatuous ooua- -. tenance, rogardcel me as fit for practice. I had felt the cotton burnous, and had I been an expert could have told its value poryard. : Spirit hands wore on my knees and round about me, by way of giving a finish ing touoh to my imbecility before tho spirit finally vanished for that evening, and no efforts of the experts or their dupes could induce a further exhibition. The usual time had come for breaking up the a r\i 1*1 fc Kan #1 Wn \\\ n r\ .' V» o A t\n n m e\r% ott 'a . worth, and I for one left completely satisfied and convinced, and my friend, who had been a little shaken, though not quito satisfied, was disillusionised, but somewhat indignant that I shonld be ablo to smell tho approach of the spirit when he conld not, forgetting that its face was much closer to my nose than his, and that I had seourcd by making no fuos a much better position for observation than anyone else not connected with the per formance. Twice we visited Maskerlyn and Cook at the Egyptian Hall and Haw tho floating lights, spirit hands, spiritualised bodies, mystic cabinets and all the wonders of modern conjuring quite equal to anything, and in some respeota far beyond any spiritual business ; but the belief, the awe, the nenti- ' ment, the hopes and fears were not there — only the jugglery j and wo must not forget that even in the time of Moses and Aaron the Egyptian priests were not easily beaten at thoir own came.. Tho telephone was successfully tried be tween the Coburg and Brunswick telegraph offices on Sunday afternoon, to tho great amusement of a number of visitors. Hymns, glees and recitations were distinctly heard from either end of the wire. The instru ments used were the'same as those recently! used at Ballarat and Melbourne, being the property of Mr. Holmes. The following letter, containing somo In ter osting particulars of the monster trees which abound in the vicinity of Mount Baw Baw, has been received by Baron von Mueller from Mr. G. W. Robinson, of, Berwick :—' I hasten to reply to youra re questing information of the height of the tallest trees measured by me at Baw Baw. The particulars are aa follows :— Nearly' eighteen years ago, during a tramp overland '. from Gippsland by way of Mount Baw Baw, , we came to some very tall timber. Being accustomed to the tall treeB in the other ranges, we would not have noticed them here had they been of the ordinary size of forest trees, but these trees appeared to us to be of an extraordinary length, much higher than any seen by any of us before, so that we paced one (as we had neither tape nor footrule) that had fallen down from the butt' to where the tallest branch had broken off, and we found it to measure the extra ordinary length of 157 paces, each pace' being a full step, ort as near as we could guess, one yard. Thia would give this tree up to where the top was broken off a length of 471 feet. The length of the tops that were broken off appeared as if it would reaoh another twenty or thirty feet,, so that thia tree eouldhavebeenbut very Httle short of 500 feet in longth when standing erect. Whether this was the only tree of thi3 length of course I cannot say, but the appearance of the other trees in the neigh borhood gave us the impression that there were many more of the same height to bo seen there. The place that wo believed that these trees were growing was in one of the deep gullies at the source of the Yarra, near Mount Baw-Baw; for anything we know it might have been the head of oao of the Gippslaud streams.' 