CONVERSATIONS IN AN ANGLI- CAN PARSONAGE. ' tion of the New Testament annotated.] i; ETOET boy "in Euclid" knows how the 'Squire of Stagsdene made out his title to the finest house, in the world. He proved it ' thus: " England is the finest country in the World; Kent is the finest county in Eng- 'land, and I have the finest house in Kent." ; leaving the squire to settle the logical validity of ius argument with the ghost of Aristotle, ,l take upon me to think that -Sent may l boast of possessing an edifice far finer than the Knight of Stasgdene's fine mansion. In lofty grandeur of dimensions, ,|ta massive breadth, in congruity of parts, -harmony of proportion, and completeness of .detail, the Cathedral of Canterbury stands first among the sacred buildings of the British empire. This gigantic but most graceful structure on the banks of the Stour is connected with the civil, political .. and religious vicissitudes of English history lor the last twelve centuries. It was first ' planned by Catholic genius, built with Catholic money, dedicated to Catholic wor . ship, and sanctified by tens of thousands of Catholic Masses. Its cloisters were for ages the abode of Catholic piety and learning, Its pavement has been trodden by Catholic saints, many Catholic monarchs, foreign ambassadors, legates, warriors, statesmen and divines. 1300 years ago Ethelbert was Pagan King of Kent and Bretwalda. He adored the Scandinavian Woden, but, having married Bertha, daughter of Charibert, King of Lutelia or Paris, his Catholic queen built a small church at Canterbury, under the invocation of St. Martin, the patron saint of France, and sent to Home, to St. Gregory the Great, the ruling Pontiff, •for priests to come over into England and oonvert her Fagan husband and his people And the Pope, 1270 years ago, sent Austin and 40 missionaries; and the Pagan king And 10,000 of his people in a few years were instructed and received Catholic baptism. Why the queen sent to the Pope at Rome for a bishop, and priests, and missionaries, let Our Protestant friends explain; and why St. Gregory should have power to ordain a bishop for Canterbury, and how Canterbury has ever since retained its primacy over all {he bishoprics of England, only beoause .Austin, a priest of Rome, came there by the authority of Gregory, also needs B little explanation. One and only one explanation can be given. Gregory, by Christ's commission, was Supreme Pastor of the whole Churoh. To him all turned for instruction, and no one but exoommnnioated heretics disregarded his spiritual power. Then, from Canterbury went forth, in due time, that stream of Catholio dootrine whioh watered the seven Saxon kingdoms known as the Heptarohy, and made England" The Garden of Mary," " the pleasaunce of Oar Lady," the noblest title England ever bore. In alter ages Archbishop Lanfrano commenced the new cathedral. Arohbishop Anselm, profound theologian, oarried on the work, and William oi Corbeille consecrated it in the presence of King Henry 1st of England, King David 1st of Scotland, and the whole episcopal body in England. In the next reign, the reign "of Henry II., the Norman invader of Ireland, Archbishop Thomas A'Becket wag compelled to leave England and live some years in France to avoid Henry's violence. "In December, 1170, the King and the Archbishop came to a truce, and the prelate returned to Canterbury, where he excommunicated the Archbishop of York, the. Bishop of London, and the Bishop of Salisbury for a breach of the Episcopal rule. The kine was still at Bur, in Normandy, and" the three bishops took ship and crossed over to the Norman king, and made a very heavy complaint against their primate. The king was highly enraged with the archbishop to whom he had been so recently reconciled, and in his anger exclaimed: "Have I no one amoog all who eat my bread, who will rid me of this turbulent priest?" Four knights, men of good family and bold warriors. Sir Reginald Fiizurse, BIT Hugh Morville, Sir William Traoy, and SltEichnJ Brito, hearing the king's words, held a private conferenoe among themselves, and reBolved to compel the arohbishop to revoke the excommanioation pronounced against the three bishops,or kill tbe primate. Thfly immediately set out for the coast, sailed across to Dover, and rode on to Hugh de Broc s of Horses, near Canterbury. Next day, 28 ih Deoember, they rode into the city with a small body of armed attendants, abd without any ceremony, the four Norman knights forced themselves into the Archbishop's private reception-room in the Conventual residence connected with the cloister attached to the cathedral. Here the knights flat down aeif in their own house, and conversed with teachjbther. At length the Archbishop ^ iiiilled out ioFitzurse asking him what he wanted 1, and reminded him that he (Fitzurse) was once nee FLIA his (the Archbishop's) man. "I am now the King' LTInMl man," MAN 'I replied Mmli'iul Fitzurse. IN^NIWA. insolently; and then the four knights demanded that the three bishops who had gone over to the King in Normandy should be absolved, and retnrn in peaoe to their sees. The Primate refused to absolve them unless they came to him and took the usual oath of obedience. They had violated that oath and must renew it. If they renewed their oath he would absolve them. William Tracy menaced the archbishop with some unknown injury, te whioh the arohbishop -replied that he would grant nothing to threats, to whioh Fitzurse retorted that they would do more than threaten. They then withdrew. All that evening there was terror and dismay among the clergy of the Cathedral. The archbistiop's private seoretary advised him to submit to tbe demand of the Norman knights; and no one knew what to propose. Only tbe primate remained unmoved and fearless. The 29th of December, 1170, dawned in gloom, and wore on until afternoon. All the monks were troubled and apprehensive, and now ! the shades of evening were gathering in the bleak Deoember Bky, and the bell for Vespers would soon toll. In anxious and affectionate solicitude tho monks began to assemble, and the archbishop was proceeding to robe for going into the ohoir when toe noise of voioes and horses' feet were heard. The monks olosed the cloister gate, which was of oak, and, as the robing went on, the strokes of axes were heard cutting through the woodwork, The arohbishop's train now passed through tbe oloister into the oathedral, when the olash of swords and the clank of spurs and armour close behind caused some of the oboir to shnt the north transept door, by whioh they had entered. The archbishop now passed olose by the altar of St. Benedict, within a few yards of the steps leading np to the Lady Chapel, and learning that the oathedral door was shut by the loud knocking at it, he ordered it to be opened instantly, saying that the honse of God Bhoald be ever open to all who oame. The door was most reluotantly opened, and in rushed Fitzurse, Traoy, Brito and Morville, with Robert de Broo, crying aloud, " Where is the Archbishop, the traitor." " I, tbe Archbishop, am here," replied the intrepid primate, " but no traitor." Traoy fieroely contradicted him, saying he was a traitor. The words and gestures of the knights were so furious the whole of the ohoir ran behind the oolumns and up the steps of the ohapel of Our Lady, leaving only one or two with his Graoe, among whom was his devoted oross-bearer, Edward Gryme, a strong and active man. So soon as the assailants recognised the Arohbishop in the twilight's growing dimness, they onoe more demanded that he should at once absolve the three bishops of York, London and Salisbury, when he again consented to doBO if they confessed tbeirfault and took the oath of allegiance to him as primate. FitzurseDOW seized the Archbishop by the sleeve, with the intention of carrying him out of the church, bat the prelate finug him off by a jerk of bis arm, for he was a man of vigour and great stature, being six feet six inches, though slender in form. De Tracy, seeing Fitznrze pushed aside, oame nearly in front of the bishop, and raising his short, two-edged sword, aimed a furious blow at his Graoe*a head, whioh would have slain him at onoe, had not his faithful oross-bearer, dward Gryme, sprang between the prelate and the descending sword, and covering him in front with his own body, lifted his arm ad received the stroke. The blow was so owerfully delivered that it nearly oat off the brave cross- bearer's uplifted arm, breaking he bone in two places, and at the same time partly falling on the Arohbishop's cap, oat it also, and inflicted a gash on the Archishop's head, from which the blood oured down over his face and on the sleeve f his robe. On receiving this wound, the Arohbishop stood quite still; and, raising both his nands, joined them, and bent his head forward, as if in prayer. Fitzurse, having quiskly recovered himself, now struck the Archbishop on the shoulder and back part of the head, and immediately their victim fell forward on his elbows and knees, and while in this posture Birto raised his sword and drove the blade clean through the Archbishop's skull, cleaving it as wiDh butcher'6 chopper, and the body sank no further blows were needed, the murderers turned away towards the door by which they had come in; but ere he had gone many steps Tracy turned back, and stamped his foot upon the neck of the slaughtered prelate. As he withdrew, Hugh of Horsea, at whose house they had passed the previous night, oame back from the door, and with the point of his sword, he scooped out a portion of the Archbishop's brains and scattered them on the pavement. So died St. Thomas A'Becket, on 29thDecember, A.D. 1170.- 'The spot on which the head of the murdered prelate fell and rested is still marked in Canterbury Cathedral. It is about nine feet from the lowest step of the stone stairs by which one ascends to the choir,, on the north side of the sanctuary. The Pops equested that the flag, or a part of it, stained and dyed with the saint's blood, should be sent to him as a xelio. About eight inches square were skilfully sawn oat of the centre of the stone and sent to the Vatioan, where the little blook is still preserved. The hole thus made in the Hag was then filled up with a.small squared blook «f Caen stone, and replaced iu the pavement, where ii. is poiuted out to this day-by tlio Verger to all visitors to the cathedral who have duly pud him ihe shilling visiting fee. The smell blook of Caen stone is maoh whiter and closer grained than the flag into wbieh it is let, and is easily distinguished. Onoe, in tbe presence of nearly 100 Protestant sightseers, I knelt down and kissed thiB stone in homage to my glorious Patron Baint. There was a general pause in the talk among the visitors that had been previously going forward, and all eyes were turned npon the devotee whose lips were pressing the stone; and I heard the Verger say to the ladies standing near him, " No, no, he isn't nothink astray in his mind, i understands it: the gentleman is a Catholio : that's why he kisses the stone: the Catholics has a great regard for the memory of Thomas A'Beoket." Six hundred years have passed sinoe that stone was drenched with the saint's blood; and what the devil couldn't get in one way he has got in another. That heroic dignitary believed rightly the Incarnation. Consequently he loved and venerated the Holy Virgin Mother of the Incarnation. Many a time and oft said he Mass at her altar in his cathedral. But a king arose, another Henry, who severed his kingdom from the Supreme Pastor of Christ's fold, and then the heretical wolf broke in, and the Anglican flock was worried, and things went on from bad to worse, until, in that same Cathedral of Canterbury, which for so many ages had been the special shrine of our Lady, the dignitaiy of anew religion, which the old saints of England knew not, was found standing by her demolished altar, contemptuously proclaiming her to be only a sinful Jewish woman. Dean Alford only shared in the common Protestant disgrace in speaking as he did, and it will assist in eluoidating the convertions which follow, if we know more than the name of that Anglioan doctor of divinity, same year he made his deb&t; a« a poet, beibgtbe year in which Alfred Tennyson published his first poem, and mauy held Alford to be a worthy rival of the future laureate. In 1835 he was also presented to the living of Wymeawold, in Leicestershire, In 1841 he> was ohosen Hulsean lecturer, and in 1853 became minister ol Quebec Ohapel, London, where his fame as an eloquent preacher gathered a orowded congregation. In 1856 he was appointed to the Deanery of Canterbury, and in that desecrated pile, whioh had re-echoed the voices of Lanfrano and an Anslom, and ia Which A'Becket died in defence of the Catholio Ohuroh, this Protestant divine became an oracle of anti Catholio dootrine. In 1865 he made the tour of Italy, and wrote a series of letters entitled " From Rome," oensuring the Catholio devotions and the clergy. He also wrote a series of letters to his daughters on the " Pictures of the Virgin aad Child," in one of whioh he aBserts that "the Virgin" sinned at the marriage in Cans of Galilee. He was a man of brilliant talents, of extensive and accurate scholarship, of refioed taste, and an eminent biblioal oritio. In person he was tall, finely proportioned, with a' pleasing expression of countenance, a voluminous writer, and perhaps, towards his end, slightly inclined to the German evangelical new sohool. He died about 7 or 8 years ago. He is best known as the author of Annotations on the New Testament, a work of great research and merit. He had the reputation of being very amiable and liberal minded; but for all that he seldom or ever omitted an opportunity for giving a stab to " Romanism." It was more tnan three weeks when Mr. Archie Rover found himself at Rev. Mr. Rubric's tea-table. MiBB Rubric presided at the tea-urn, and, as aa English mail had just arrived, the conversation turned on home politics, seoular and ecclesiastic. The Archbishop of Canterbury Had deoided in favour of his brother, the Bishop of Exeter, against Mr. Gorham. Mr. Gorham appealed to the Queen. Toe Lady Head of the Anglican Churoh quashed tbe decision of the Archbishop, and his Grace was actually compelled, to eat his own words, to oontradict himself, revoke his own first Bentenoe, deolare against the Bishop of Exeter, and in favour of Mr. Gorham. From Mr. Gorham, however, Mr. Rover ana Mr. Rubrio glided into the subject which ocoupied their former eveniugo vjuvcibuhou. "If we speak of Mary as the Mother of Christ only, we are Nestorian heretios," said Mr. Rover. " It a child is born into this world we oannot persuade the mother to believe that she only brought forth the body of that child and not the soul also. We can't divide the body and the soul, and think and speak of the child as being two different separate persons; ana when Mary brought forth JESUS she brought forth God and man, and you cianot divide them. She did not bring forth the person of man, but the person of God in the nature of man—God Incarnate." *' But the point with me," said Mr. Rubric, "and which I raised before, was this, whether Mary's relation to Christ, or, to Qoi in Christ, gives any foundation for your Romish doctrine of her sinlessneBs ?" Mr. Rubric used the term " Rorhish" without intending the slightest offence. Protestants are so accustomed to the word "Romish" as a synonym of "Catholic," that they cannot easily conceive; why 'we should consider it offensive, ^o, also, with regard to our doctrines. Protestants' will tax us with holding their version fit the Catholic faith, and will not : persuaded that their version is ridiculously .false, and that we disown it as afallacy. " But why should not Mary be sinless," said Mr. Rjver, " it Godwilled her to be sinless ? " But Dean Altera, in his Annotation o n John, chap. JL, Ae tempted her son to jioik a, muade out of a bad moUw^pd J^^SffSjg*- should O t e l ^ i ^ ^ ' S ' ' s U e h t t d not said or done something „ While Mr. Rubric was utUrfng' L s T S Mr. Bover ra sed his hands® and P 2 them to his face, covering his featS.!. people often do when they Usten to Una® that harts their feelings. After Mr Z'?' 6 8 had finished speakingf Mr Bover wiSd "» h>s hands, and in a lowered tone o f e replied, " Dean Alford's exposition u S® ded on an utterly mistaken view 0, £ whole passage in St. John." «Well W how can you ever explain away the worfs o Christ tocher,' said Mr. Rubric. «Tiem something Soi, Gunai. severe The and very condemnatory word GumiZ in it ' What have I to do with thee, woman} M« hour t« not yet come.' This strikes ma m sustaining Dean Alford's view." 24th September, 1878. PEUTBXBE [The finest house in the world.—A Canterbury Tale.—The aneient dignitary and " . the 19th Century Dean.—Alford's annota- 