MUNICIPAL CORPORATIONS. PORT ADELAIDE. Fhtoay, Jcsb 1. ? Present— His Worship the Mayor (Mr. D. Bower, JJ.), Councillors Hains, Rjnn, HoDeyV 'Cleave, Hack, Bennett, and Kertel, Mr. B. H. Laker (Town Clerk), and Mr. W. H. Campbell ( lown {surveyor}. DEA.IXAGE. Councillor T. Hack, said he had seen Mr. Hargrave, the Road Board Surveyor, with reference to the drainage of the Port- road, and was told by him that he had been informed by the Public Works Department that he was to do nothing in the matter, as the Port Corpora tion wished to carry it oat themselves. Daring a discussion it was pointed o-it that that the Road Board were not opposed to carrying out the work; but that owing to a misunderstand ing they thought the Corporation intended to do it. The Mayor said he had seen Mr. Har grave in the matter and found that the plans had not been prepared ; but from what he said he understood that the work was to be again undertaken by him, and there tbe matter rested. However, he would enquire into the matter again and report to the Council. Councillor Haius suggested that an estimate of the expenses in connection with Mr. Clark's report on the drainage of Port Adelaide be pre pared and placed on the table next Council meeting. EDrCATlON. Councillor Ranit enquired if anything had been done to enforce the compulsory clause of the Education Act in Port Adelaide. The Matoh said he askett the President of the Council of Education about the matter, and he said it was under consideration, and would be brought into force as soon as possible. LICENSED FOSTERS. Councillor Hack directed attention to the case of the licensed porters, who he said were cot allowed to ply for hire on the railway plat form. It would be well to have the nutter settled. It was intimated that later on in the proceedings a letter from tho licensed porters would be considered. THB SK3IAPHOEB TRAIN. Councillor Bennett asked if something could sot be done to have the trains stop in St. Vin cent- street to enable people to get up or down, as a great many passengers were lost iu consequence of the trains not stopping ~ in St. Yincent-street ; and if some arrangement could be arrived at it would be a great convenience. Councillor Rann thought if the suggestion were adopted it would prove a great boon. A plat form was not needed, but a carriage might be made similar to those on the Glenelg Railway. Councillor Hains thought if people could not walk to the Port Station from St. Vincent street the sooner they gave up the ghost the better. The only complaint he had against the train was that it went so slow that boys could run after it and ride on the buffers. The Mayor said the public would not agree to a platform in St. Vincent-street, and a special carriage would bave to be built. He would represent the matter and see what could be done. REPORTS. The Curator of the Port and Suburban Ceme tery reported that the number of interments during the fortnight had been six. viz., four adults and two children, and the receipts £10 Is. A man was appointed to assist the Curator in gravedigging. The Town Surveyor reported on the raising the footpath in front of the New Royal Hotel, St. Vincent-street, and the closing of the main drain to the river, which works were proceeding. The nagging of the footpath in front of the Port Hotel had been satisfactorily done, and the balarce of the 5,000 Melbourne pitchers had been received. The contract for the street crossings was proceeding satisfactorily. The raising of Mundy-street had been begun with black mud from the deepening operations at the Glanville Wharf, but the material would be too soft to bear traffic during the winter. The Surveyor asked what was to be dsne with the silt from the Glanville deepening operations. He also asked that printed forms regulating the hoard ing on footpaths where buildings were being erected might he obtained to pre vent complaints from pedestrians, as no plat forms for the foot traffic had been provided. The contract as now carried out for scavenging was not in any way satisfactory, the culverts not being cleaned as formerly. The request with reference to the silt was referred to the Mayor; and in reference to the hoardings, Councillor Hains spoke strongly against the way in which they were put up, with no boards laid down to keep pedestrians out of the mud. ; Councillor Cleave said there was no question that the temporary footpath round the corner of the new Marine Board Buildings was in a bad state, and he had tried to remedy it, but there were other places as bad. He would see that something more was done. A rough draft of a regulation dealing with tbe erection of hoardings, &c;, was laid on the table, and after some discussion it was adopted in an amended form. With regard to the scavenging contract, it was resolved that Mr. R. Jones, the contractor, have one month's notice to discontinue. Tenders to be invited for the w«rk. The Check Clerk repotted that 20 pontoon loads of limestone silt and three barge loads of mud bad been discharged alongside the wh-rf during the fortnight. The Sanitary Inspector reported on the state of the wards, butchers' shops, watertables, &c;, and spoke unfavourably of one or two lodginghouses which were not conducted satisfactorily. The report contained a list of the various places where stagmnt water was allowed to lie on vacant and occupied allotments to the number of 22, and stated that at tho back of Lipson-street, where the Government had staff thrown up to form the railway, there was an accumulation of stagnant water tbe stench from which was dreadful, and which water flowed into private property. - The Public Works Committee's report stated that Mr. Fry's tender for digging holes for tree planting at Is. 3d. per hole had been accepted for 100 to 120 holes. They had decided that the Curator of the Cemetery purchase snttable trees for planting there after consulting Dr. Schomburgk. The request of Mr. Hall for a crossing at the Company's Basin to be complied with in its turn. The Committee had decided upon repairing the culvert at the end of MinorieaandFormbj's parade at once. CORRESPONDENCE. J. Rudali, Town Clerk of Gawler, asked the price paid by the Port Corporation for lighting the streets with gas at per lamp, also cost of tbe lamps and posts. Town Clerk to furnish infor mation. J. C. Walker applied for two loads of road scrapings. Not entertained. W. Norman applied for six loads of cinder3 from the Smelting Works, as his back premises were almost impassable. Not entertained. J. Linton applied for 10 loads of silt for filling up the property of the Working Men's Association. Referred to the Mayor. J. Ormond, G. Bridgman, aud H. Nash directed the Council's notice to the bad state of the crossing from Cannon-street across the Com mercial-road, and requested that it might b.* improved. Received. Henry Roberts and Joan MeGrath, licensed porters, asked permission to ply for hire on the platform of the Port Railway Station, the present Stationmaster having refused their application. They also asked if it was in accor dance with the by-laws for the draymea to ply for hire from the steamers, they wearing no badge. Mr. H. Graves, it was stated, mono polized the whole of the luggage with his trollies whea a steamer arrived. Jjuring a aiscussion waicn ensuea ic was pointed out that the licence system was adopted for the protection of the public to prevent strange people handling luggage; that lads frequently went on board steamers and took passengers' luggage, thereby depriving both the porters and draymen from plying that branch of their business. There seemed to be a clash between the draymen and the licensed porters, &nd; it was suggested that the porters might form a 'deputation to the Traffic Manager. It was finally resolved that the writers of the letter be written to and advised so to act. The Matos promised also to try and get the matter settled. The draymen could not be interfered with, as they held a dray licence. Cr. R%ns directed attention to the fact that young boys often applied for porter's licences, and be asked that the age be defined. Resolved that no licences be granted to applicants under 16 years of age. ; ': tenders. Five tenders were received for a 60-feet shute near the Jervois Bridge, and five also for 5,000 feet of jarrah for V-shutes for the streets. It was decided to have an open shute, and the tender of W. King, jiul, for £21 waa accepted: The tender of Reeves k Herbert for the jarrah to make the V-shutes at Is. 3gd- per foot was accepted. FINANCE. Rates. £224 9s. lid. ; miscellaneous receipts, £41 5s. 3d. Expenditure,' £411 15s. lid. Balance at Bank, £324 14s. 5d. Council adjourned for a fortnight. 