fALES| |TC$ SHAJCUS-NA-GIEBA ; OB, THE HERMIT'S REVENGE. CHAPTER XVI.—(Continued.) BT HBWBY MOCABE. (From The London Lamp.) TBB baronet winced at this. The Marks on his face seemed to burn with intense pain as he heard the sneering taunt of the ruffian by his side, and for the moment it seemed as if he would spring upon him, so bitter was his passion. But he dared not quarrel with Buane, as the latter knew too many of his secrets; and Sir William now began to learn, like too many who have left the path of virtue, that in his servant he had found a master. So he composed himself as well as he could, and said mlmly:— "Surely, young Kennedy did not worst you thus ?" " Did he not ? Curse him! To think that I should be beaten by a slight stripling whom I could crush in one of my hands 1" " Why did you not crush him then ?" " Weil, I suppose it was because he would not let me. I never saw Buch a devil at the fistB. I would as soon get a kick from a horse as a stroke from him." "Begin at the beginning and tell me pQ about it." " Well, you see I was doing as you directed me, and keeping a watch upon O'Donnell's house to see what was going •a there, and as I was going along by the side of the road I came upon young Kennedy, sitting on a little stile, and looking truly desolate and woe-begone. 'Ho, ho,' said I to myself, 'he is mourning for his sweetheart.' So I went up and said to him, ' Good-evening, Mr. Kennedy.' I wish you saw the black look he gave me, as if I was something frightful. His eyes were actually red with anger, as he hissed out, 'Why, you ruffian, how dare you speak to Met' "' Rpffian is a hard word, Mr. Kennedy,' said I. "' No harder than you deserve, you low scoundrel,' said he. ' What are you doing round here t Takf yourself off, or I will whip you like a dog.' "' Th'ere are two words to that, sir,' said I, though I did not at all like his looks; ' there is no man called Kennedy able to whip Tom Buane.' "' Is there not V said he, ' then I will teach you, as I taught your master.' And springing forward, he struck me across the neck with the Bmall whip he carried. There ! you can see the mark yet," and turning down his collar, Buane exposed to the baronet's gaze a blue welt several inches in length. "Well, when I got that Btroke, the devil got up in me. I could hare torn him to pieces as he stood there; but for some seconds I stood in absolute wonderment that he should have dared such a thing. Then I sprang forward upon him, but he eludedgmy grasp, and, somehow, I could never know why, I found myself turning a somersault upon the ground, and a ringing sensation in my ears as if a heavy body had come in contact with my head. However, I got up •gain and again, but it was all no use, I could never get a stroke at him, whilst he battered me right and left, at every stroke pitching me into the mud. So at length I thought it was as good to give over, and crawled away; but when I got to a safe distance from him, I warned him of what he might expect in the coming time. His only answer was a scornful laugh|asjhe shouted after me: 'Go home now, andlet you and your master compare notes as to your encounter with me. And tell him also for me, that I have not done with him yet, that I am on his track, and that he had better beware.'" "On my track! Let him. I defy him to follow us up; we managed that affair too well to be caught now." "Ido not know about that. Something tells me that we have been seen, and that the Becret of Miss O'Donnell's prison is known." " Ha 1 do you sayBO f What are you reasons for thinking of'such a thing P" "Do you know of the churchyard of CBoonmorris, Sir William P" "I do," answered the baronet, with a shudder, " but what of that P" " Well, last night' I was out pretty late, and returning home between twelve •od one o'clock, ! passed by the old abbey; taking : it as A short cut. The moonshone out, and the night was a& bright« day, ; when just as I was passing the. ruined wall, I heard footsteps approaching me, I do not care much for ghosts, generally speaking, but lean tell you that I got afraid, and drew back behind a tomb to allow them to pass. They came on, and who do yon think they were P—young Kennedy and Shamas-na- giera." '' Shamus-na-giera; who is he!" "He is an eccentric character who has taken up his abode in one of the vaults of the old abbey, and no one rightly knows who he is. He came there some years ago, and has lived like a hermit ever since. Well, they passed on and went down into the vaults. I hurried at once home, and was wondering what could be their object, when, to-day, in passing through the little grove near which the carriage had stood on the night we took the girl away, I found this piece of cloth," drawing at the same time an old worn piece of brown frieze from his pocket, "and it seems to me that this piece of cloth belonged, some time or other, to Shamus-na-giera." "What of thatP Proceed at once to the point." "When I found this cloth, the idea struck me that we had been discovered. These two things I have mentioned, when thrown together, seem to point in that direction." " There is something in what you say; we must act at once and quickly." "Yes, your coveted prize is hardly safe where she is at present." " Well, it but anticipates my plans by a day. We will remove her to-night; have all arrangements made in time." This spoken, the baronet fell into a musing fit. His eyesjaeemed looking far into vacancy and there was a wild and startled gleam away down in their depths. Seeing that he was no longer wanted, Buane arose to go; but when he had his hand upon the door, Sir William motioned him to stay. " Tell me, Kuane," he said, " what is this mysterious Shamus like ?" " Well, air, it would be hard to describe him for you. His countenance is wild, and his figure is usually bent with age. But there are traces that he was once a handsome man, nay, a very handsome man, and last night he walked straight and erect like a man who had once been a soldier. His beard, though matted and dirty now, would, if properly trimmed and cleaned, be oomely enough. but his eyes, dark and piercing, are the most remarkable of his features; they would actually look you through to the very soul." " Tou say no one knows him P" "No; who he is or where he came from is quite unknown. The name he goes by was given to him by the people around here." " That will do, Buane—you can go. Be ready to-night; I shall not want you until then." When Buane was gone the baronet sat for some moments immersed in thought. Disagreeable thoughts too they were, if one might judge from the gloomy contraction of his brows and the frightened look in his eyes, which gave tokens of the feelings which surged beneath. -* " It is he 1 it is he!" he muttered, as he rose up and paced the room. " That dark foreboding was then true, which warned me that an avenger was upon my track. He it was whose face I saw b ending over me so long ago in the old churchyard. Fool that I was to think that it was or could be a dream; or that my wandering senses could conjure up such a dreadful image ! I must be on my guard; I must fly from this place, for his presence here bodes no good to me. Tes, I will fly from here; but I will have a companion with me in my wanderings. The fair Eily O'Donnell once my wife, will make exile endurable, and possessed of her riches," he mused aloud, whilst his eyes lit up with an expression of triumphant malice, " I can set my enemies at defiance." Hcteeased. The current of his thoughts seemed to change. The exulting triumph of his eyes gave place to a look of bitter and hopeless sadness, a torrent of remorseful feeling seemed to sweep across his soul, and his very frame shook with the excess of his agony. "Would to God!" he exelaimed, "that I could undo the past. Would that I could live over again those misspent years, and what a different prospect would the record of my life present. The past! What is the past to me now 1 Oould I, if I would, call back, one moment? No! it is impossible. Nought oan remedy that time; and my soul recoils from the black retrospect with a shuddering horror. Is there a single bright spot, an oasis, in the waste of my by-gone years? No! not one from which I; joap: derive; oonaolation,, All around is barren, sterile, and cheerless— a record of vices and. dark passions. Alice, wife, you are avenged 1 Gould your gentle spirit, ever forgiving, look down upon my agony, you would feel for your betrayer. .1 feel now that I loved you' and . none other; but. double** distilled villain that I was, I sent you to your doom. To your doom! and by * falsehood. And our child"—here his ace became almost despairing in its agony—"where is he? Lost, lost for ever! And I am alone." And there, stricken by the gnawing tooth of remorse, he walked up and down in his study, in lone and cheerless agony, through the long and weary hours; but we must leave him for the present, and look in upon some other of the characters of our story. CHAPTER XVII. AND all this time Eily sat in her lonely prison, her beautiful eyes dimmed with tears, and with long weary watching over the desolate expanse which lay around, hoping to see some sign of the resence of those loved ones which would Ering the hope and assurance of rescue to her sinking heart. There she sat; but the long weary hours sped on, the sun arose and went down in his course, and still no sign appeared, and her heart sickened with a strange dread as the hours flew by, and still they came not. Could it be that they had forgotten P Could it be that no trace of her could be found, and that they were unable to follow in her track through the want of a guiding clue ? Could it be that Shamus-na-Giera had not hurried to them with an account of her position P Such were the questions that Eily asked of herself, but no answer arose to her mind; and in all the agony of intensified suspense she watched and waited, expecting that each succeeding moment would bring to her eager and expectant eyes the signs which would tell of joy and hope to her. Where she was she knew not. Of how far she might be from home she was ignorant, and she knew not in what direction that home lay. Her window faced the north, and it was in that direction that she ever looked for the coming !.of her rescuers; but her home lay in the beauteous east, towards the land of the rising sun, and she could not see from her lonely window the distant hills which bounded the pleasant valley, the home of her childhood. The sun had gone down on the second evening of her imprisonment, the last bright ray of his light had disappeared, and the shades of the twilight were beginning to deepen into the darkness of night. The sky was dark and ominouslooking; and though the air was perfectly still, sighing, moaning sounds arose, which, told of the approach of a storm. -With her head upon her hand, and her eyes wearing that sad wistful look they had of late learned to assume, Eily stood watching the scene outside ; and BO immersed in thought that she heeded not the opening of the door behind her until her sympathetic jailer laid his hand upon her shoulder. Then die looked up; but the sickly smile with which she sought to greet her kindhearted attendant was a failure, and it was with difficulty that she restrained the tears of deferred hope that suddenly welled up to her eyes. " Do not weep," said the other, whilst her own eyes glistened with a tell-tale moisture, and her voice had a suspicious huskiness, " there is no use in that; and you will want all your strength and firmness for the ordeal yon will soon have to go through." " Does any fresh danger menace me P" "Alas! young lady, you will be taken away from this place to-night— wherefore I do not know." "To-night!" echoed Eily, in a despairing cadence. " Surely Jyou will not allow them to take me from you— you will assist me to escape P" "Icannot; I am powerless, for the present at least; but when you go you will not go alone, as I will insist on accompanying you. In the meantime I have taken measures that as soon as you are gone, your friends will be made acquainted with your route. This my husband has promised.to manage. As he has given his word to Sir William to deliver you np to him safe, he will, do so; but that done, he will act for himself. Believe me, ere we have gone far, your Mends will be close on your heels; and if the wont comes 'to the worst, we must see if two women cannot outwit them yet." " Oh, thank you, Mary; you cannot imagine what hope and comfort you have given me. How can I prove my gratitude to yon ?" " By keeping up your spirits, my dear young lady, and not letting despair or hopelessness seize upon you." " At what time are they to be here P" " They have arranged nine o'clock as the hour; so, as this promises to be a bad night, I will leave you.to make your preparations for that hour." The wind blew a stiff breeze and the rain poured down ceaselessly as, just at ninft o'clock, a fast traveling carriage drove np to the door of the lonely lodge, and the baronet and his confederate alighted. Eily was in her own room attired for a journey, and .there was a firm resolute look on her face as she listened to the Bound of the wheels, as she stood by the window, waiting for the summons to depart. Her trusty attendant Mary was by her side; and the good soul'8 look showed that she was prepared for any emergency that might arise. Thus they stood, and at length footsteps were heard approaching, the door was flung open, and the baronet entered. His eye rested with a savage expression on Eily's companion ; but he made no remark. " We await you, Miss O'Donnell," he said. "The carriage is ready; and I trust you will avoid any unpleasantness by coming as quietly as possible." " I yield to the inevitable," was Eily's reply. "But, Sir William O'Meara, remember you will yet live to repent this. There are those behind me who will yet avenge all that you may cause me to suffer." The baronet bowed, but he spoke not in return. Holding the door of the room open he allowed them to pass through,' and then followed close behind them downstairs, went out through the hall to where the carriage was drawn up near the porch. Buane stood by the door. They entered—the key was turned; and Sir William, mounting on the box beside Buane, was about to drive away, when a noise like the rush of a whirlwind was heard coming across the heath, and the next moment a band of horsemen, headed by Eugene Kennedy, had surrounded the carnage. With frantic energy the baronet whipped his steeds, hoping thus to burst through the circle of foes which surrounded him; but an iron grasp was upon the reins, and, though the horses pranced, and reared, and champed their bits, they could not move one step forward. Alarmed and terrified at the sound which they heard around, a shriek of terror burst simultaneously from the females in the carriage, and this shriek, which told of their presence, was hailed with a shout of exultation by the rescuers. But that cry of exultation soon gave place to ona of horror—for, as Eugene sprang forward to hurl the baronet from his seat, two pistol shots rang out, and, whilst our hero's arm was seen to drop powerless to his side, and he reeled in the saddle, although he yet retained his seat, Sir William was seen to drop the reins, throw up his arms, and sink helpless and bleeding to the ground. The next moment a vengeful stroke stretched Buane beside his master, with the pistol yet warm in his grasp. He it was who had sought to take our hero's life, on account of the castigation which the latter had administered to him ; but who had fired the second shot was an unexplained mystery. Each of the party in turn stoutly denied having used a pistol at all, and though the general suspicion was directed against Shamus-na-Giera, he totally disclaimed all knowledge of it. The door of the carriage was then forced open, and Eily, released from bondage, was soon restored to her lover. There is no need for me here to attempt to describe the meeting of the fond pair, so long separated, and so happily united. (To be concluded in our next.) 