Jftqlroptrlilitii The Spiritualists of Sydney have lately lost one of tlieir most fervent believers, whose sudden death was announced to a medium by ghostly taps at the side of his bed. He had been sitting late at a seance, and the revelations from another world\ had been of a startling nature (though what they were have been kept a profound secret from unbe lievers) and that worked on his nerves to the de gree of bringiug on a fit, which proved fatal. The lovers of the marvellous saw that there was some thing peculiar and remarkably mysterious about the affair, and desired that an inquest should -be held ; but the matter-of-fact doctors saw nothing strange in the affair, and said an enquiry was quite unnecessary. There are many people in Sydney who believe in ghosts ; and a house in a charming suburb, tenanted by a portly gentleman, is reported to be haunted. The other night the servants say their master was dragged out of bed by spirits ; but it is to be feared that the spirits that caused the gentleman to find himself out in the cold were of thq same kind that often throws people down, in the streets — yea, of the same kind were they ! Another house in the samelocality remains tenant- less, because it is reported that a spiritual hand is seen bearing a lamp every night in the hall. All the world is enraptured with Herr Elmblad, the far- famed Swedish singer. He and his accom plished wife, who is a native of Melbourne, are giving concerts, to the delectation -of the lovers of mus'c. Herr Elmblad has a splendid voice, and sings with a soul-stirring- expressiveness, entering into the spirit of .'the compositions he renders in a style that proclaims him. a master of the "art di vine." There's a kind of music that only falls cm the ear; there's another that reaches the heart, and kindles our noblest thoughts. And such is the music of Herr Elmblad. Thanks to the Great Ruler of Events, peace is proclaimed, and farther bloodshed averted. Instead of the war of the cannon, the rattle of musketry, the clash of the sabre, the prick.of the bayonet, the pomp and circumstance of wai\ we have the com forting assurance that tranquility will be enjoyed by the nations of Europe. The Russian bear has crouched before the English liou ; and its threaten ing snarls have been silenced by the angry growl of the king of the forest. Russia, with all her vaun ted strength and power, thought it wiser to pause ere she entered into conflict with proud and daunt less England. It is a good thing that the question of boundaries is being settled, for next time Russia wants to fight, it will be easy for her to know in whose boundary she is fighting — her own or some body else's. Oar volunteers can take heart. -There isn't going to be a call, " To arms !" now to meet the foe. They can still attend parade, and sport their scar let tunics and gay puggaries. without the slightest dread that hardei or more dangerous services-, will' be required of tliera. A ship (hat arrived from New Caledonia to-day brings word that the excitement at Noumea is as great as ever. Men go about the streets armed with revolvers, expecting to meet a foe at every corner. Although the recent outrages committed .by the natives were more thau a hundred miles away from the capital, residents there are as panic- stricken as ever they were on the first alarm. Busi ness is quite at a. stand-still, and nothing is talked of but the late terrible massacre. People whose fears do not carry them away, say that a further attack from the natives, is quite uniikely, as they have beeu thoroughly 'crushed ami intimidated. The French, people are not afflicted with those qualms of compassion that often make the Euglish pause before they inflict even just punishment. It is to be regretted that an act of injustic on the part of the Government of New Caledonia caused the ' insurrection and bloodshed; Aliab of old! cast his eye on poor Naboth's only vineyard, and seized it from him ; and the French coveted a rich valley belonging to a very powerful tribe, and took it in right of conquest. This wrong rankled in the minds of the despoiled savages, aud they took the revenge that caused the death of so many inun-out people. Women and children fell victims' to their rage ; and deeds were committed, too terrible to relate. . Subscriptions are being made in New Caledonia ' for those- who've been ruined by these useless cruel blacks ; and a list has also been opened in Syd ney, which will doubtless soon be filled, for the greatest sympathy is felt for the sufferers by the calamity that has cruelly bereaved and robbed them of all their earthly goods. Speaking of islanders brings to mind the last chapter in the romantic history of the four Miana women, who were picked up in mid-ocean, where, .in an open boat they were drifting whithersoever the winds and the waves listed. Their husbands and their little ones, who had left home with them, had died of starvation soon after they lost their way on the wide waste of waters, having nobly refused to touclia morsel of thescanty provisions, lest there , should not be sufficient for the wants of their wives and' families. Their self- denying love cost them their, lives : and one by one the widow buried her .kind friendin the deep. The survivors were rescued and brought to Sydney, where, after being treated with the greatest hospitality, they were fitted out and sent back to their home. But it appears that the affectionate kindred, of the- poor ocean waifs were anything but pleased to see them, for, having divided among themselves the property of the ab sentees, they were afraid lest they should be called upon to make restitution. Politicians are rubbing up their armour, ready for- the coming battle in Macquarie-street John M'Elhone is preparing a heavy cannonade against the railway and land questions ; and if his fury has not had a vent before the House meets,. it is. pretty certain that his violence will soon be repeated, and we shall witness another- of those rowdy scenes which are now getting old stories in Parliamentary life. , In New Zealand, ladies take their work; to. the- Assembly, and listen with profit aid pleasure to debates that never degenerate into personal attacks,, or (hat are seasoned with oaths and other impiiri-, ties, instead of with wit or satire. The.'rival'knighta have shaken hands, aud warmed into mutual friendship ;ljy the genial hopes. they entertain, in. : prospect of the faff f the present Ministry. But, notwithstanding, neither separately could form another Cabinet ; though; what may not too such veteran statesmen accomplish 1 Tho- clerical, world has been taken out of propri- ety by- the advent among them of a brother. who was tried in England for the murder of his wife. He was not convicted; ; but the evidence was cir cumstantial, and bis guilt was by many considered proved. However,' if he did not kiR fieri" he drove her to commit suicide by, exciting her into a frenzy on account of his gallantries with the young ladies of his flock. It's a bad sign when a person pretends to have so much more concern for the souls of girls than bpys:; afid'he was one of these detestable hy pocrites, of which unhappily there are so many, whp. make religion a cloak for- their abominations. To, top all, he's come out here to set up a preaching conr. venticle, and expects to _be received by his breth ren of the cloth wfffi all the fiindness; and respect they would award an honorable clergyman, with an unblemished character. The "face" of some peo ple. is astonishing ! ' Thursday Evenine. Jul v 20th. . stella, . 