DIOCESAN SYNOD. The Annual Session of the Synod of (ha i Church of England in .the Diocern of Ade laide was opened at -St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday. May 21, at 11 o'clock, when the Holy Communion was administered. There were present 25 of the clergy and about 50 lay Synodsmen and others. The Venerable Arch deacon Marryat read the service, assisted by the Rev Canon Coombs and the Bishop's Vicar, the Bev. Dr. Dendy, The office was a choral one by Dr. C. Hubert Parrie, and included Hoe Kyrie, Crede, Gloria^ Gratius, Sanciue, and Gloria in Excelsis. The hymns were Koa. 215,396,318, and the offertory sentences were-by Baxnby. On the conclusionof the service the Vicac-Genrrad, the Very Bey. Dean Russell, -delivered an •address on THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION AND TUB ACTIVITY OF MODERN UNBELIEF. I shall ask your consideration to-day to two topics of - •public and general interest. T am particularly anxious, however, yon should note the factbhat I do not speak te you with autho rity, but solely as a member -ef your body occu pying accidentally at -this time the leadmg place among iyou, and that no one but myself ; can be 'held responsible for-anything that I may say. The two most striking features of the times,i ss affecting the Church and religion, are the; reaction towards superstition within the Church snd the feverish activity of modern unbelieif out- side it "We are now brought by the post and telegraph into such close relations with the mother-country that every movement or reac tion of thought there, tells directly, and with; hardly any delay, -on the state of feeling and: opinion amongst ourselves. I.—THE REACTION TOWARDS SUPERSTITION. In the Church at home we have during the last year or two seen a state of agitation hardly paralleled at any 'time since the Reformation. A particular system of theological and •eccle siastical opinion, 'which had for years been making itself powerfully felt, has at 'length, nnder the apparently innocent name of Ritualism, taken such form .and- assumed such proportions as to challenge the attention of every religioue miuded observer. It has passed beyond the ranks of the clerical leaders, and we have -seen it,: through the influence of zealous and-singularly devoted pasters, here and there taking strong hold on masses of the people. Such reactionary movements have their influence, mere or less clearly felt, on the more eager, imaginative, and ideal minds amongst ourselves ; whilst' there are others, neither eager nor imaginative, but imi tative and mechanical, who unthinkingly follow any change of fashion in the Church with which eminent names are identified. THE LEADING IDEA OF RITUALISM. 1\. It is a common belief of those who take a superficial view of the subject that the charac teristic of the later Ritualism -is merely its large use of the aids of art in worship, and its disposition to lavish on the service of God all that can make it rich and beautiful. But in all this there is nothing distinctive. Ritualism is not content with even a rich ceremonial unless it can be made te symbolise -certain doctrines. These mignt startle if they were nakedly ex pressed, bat, presented in the -beautiful forms of a premeditated ceremonial, -are designed to attract, until the mind can-be- familiarized with them and prepared to reoeive the teaching which they conoeal. It is above all things important that we should distinguish between the things in worship which are innocent and those which are dangerous to purity of faith. A beautiful and reverential ceremonial, such as that of our ! own Cathedral, is one thing, but the teaching by I means of a carefully-adapted ceremonial an j alien doctrine, is another. I have to call your attention, then, to what seems the leading idea of Ritualism. It is its great exaggeration of the authority-and power of the priesthood. That priests are men empowered to make a way for man into tho presence of-God, as an extension here on earth of the atoning work of Christ— thiB is essentially the Ritualistic conception of tbe Christian ministry. Yet the-only "hiera tenma" (priesthood in the higher sense) known to the New Testament is the Christian congre gation. " Ye are," says St. Peter, " a spiritual house, a holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices." Christian ministers may, un doubtedly, in this spiritual conception of human life, be priests in common with their fellows, and may deserve that name by way of eminence because specially set apart in behalf of their brethren as their representatives to offer their common " spiritual sacrifice." (The often-quoted woids of our Lord, "Receive ye the Holy Ghost," &c.;, it may be remarked, were pro nounced not on the Apostles only, but also on "the disciples" that were with them.) But this is a very different idea from that which ; regards the priesthood as lifting men up to a class by themselves, the sole possessors of the - interior mysteries of religion. There is here all the differenee between a priestly order and a sacerdotal caste. If you ask me what position I assign to the Anglican School as distinguished from the Ritualistic, ! answer that the distinc tion of the Ritualists is tbeir adherence to Mediaeval, that of the Anglicans their adherence to Primitive doctrine. Asfarss I can understand Anglicans hold a Doctrine of the Priesthood in the more evangelic -sense; but add to this the position that not merely as a-matter of becoming, arrangement, but by a Divine ordinance, all who are admi tted to this order must be ordained by Bishops with their assisting presbyters. It is a doctrine -of a Representative Priesthood, supplemented by a doctrine of divinely-esta blished order in -selection, setting apart, and mission to exercise.it. These two positions are separable from-one another, and it is with the former only that we are now concerned. If they, in common with some of the old writers, occasionally transfer to this representative priesthood ideas derived froin sacerdotal ana logy, we must distinguish between the language of illustration and .poetic imagery and the language of doctrine. There is indeed in the actual posiiionof the Church as an ecclesiastical organization that which-is sufficiently distinctive, without encumbering ourselves with a question able theory. The Apostolic Succession exists amongst us as matter-of fact, and as a law of the Church. Historically -it is -susceptible of proof that the Church of England possesses i.n unbroken succession of orders.from the first age of Christianity:; whilst it is the law of tbe Church, which attaches importance to both Scriptural rule and Primitive example, that the clergy must be or-. dained by Bishops who have themselves valid consecration. The 23rd article seems, indeed, to allow that this -is not necessarily a law for all Christendom under all circumstances ; but the Ordinal undoubtedly fixes it as tbe law of the Church of England. The -Church also ecognises a grace given in ordination, but given in answer te the prayers-of the Church and through the Church itself, as the living Body of Christ and " Sacramental medium between earth and heaven," insomuch that such a thing as an ordination without the precatory assis tance of a congregation, was never heard of amongst us. The idea of such a grace comma- - nicated by mystical effusion, by the .mere im position of hands, is as foreign to the Ordinal as it is to the New Testament; -but it belongs to the very idea of the Church that in its most solemn ! .acts—of which Ordination is one of the most ] solemn—it should be tbe mca-im of transmitting tbe Divine Unction. On the one hand, we have ! he teaching of Scripture (Heb. vii.) that I riestkood in the highest sense of all -is held by 'hiist alone ; that He in contrast with the mortality and evanescence of all other ipriest jods '* abiduth a priest; continually, aud hath i unchangeable priesthood." But on the other land, the truth taught by the Bible and the Church of theoneness between Christ and the members of His Body, is not to be thrown into i « the background. To the eye. of faith the incar nation has changed everything. The world is now a consecrated temple, where all are worship pers and all are priests. The glory of the rank -and dignity of the true King and Priest sheds lustre on the humblest of His follower, whom He has made fellows with Himself. As enn »-trashed with the transient nobilities and hier archies of the world, it is true that the " chil- dreu of the regeneration" are " nobles by right of an earlier creation, and priests by the impo a sitiou of a mightier hand." To be selected to ! f t. present them, to act ministerially in behalf of this " loyal priesthood," -is an honour sufficiently high for any Pastor or any Doctor of the Church. THE CONFESSIONAL. The leading idea of the Ritualistic system penetiates the whole regimen and practice of its clergy iu their cures. They insist uot merely -on men confessing their sins to God . and to one another," but on their resorting habitually and as a system to tfce clergy to con fe-s their secret sins to them in order to obtain absolution. The pastoral assistance allowed by the Church for eases ot unusual distress of con- science is by them so amplified and extended as ' to become the normal discipline of Christain life. So absolute a necessity of a spiritual life has this tome to be regarded that devout per sons who have learnt to depend on it, when they leave Ritualistic parishes for others where the clergyman discourages habitual confession, almost invariably betake themselves to the Roman Church. I am thankful to know that no such practice has established itself amongst ourselves, but I point it out for the warning of those who may be attracted by the more beautiful aspects of Ritualism, that this is a natural and inevitable p ication of the system, and the logical out come of the theory. For if a man believes that to him such mystic powers are given for the salva tion of souls he must regard their exercise in the light of an inexorable duty. If it is in reality thus that he is to " watch for souls," his vigilance most never for an instant relax. When once this conviction has fastened on him, he hss lost his freedom as a man—he is " aut sacerdos aut nullus"—he has lost his right to repel any penitent, or to torn away with loathing from the;exposure of any morbid condition of the soul, however revolting. Like the physician who has accepted a sacred trust, he most steel bimpelf to look on tire niter and the gangrene and the noisomeness of the deeply-seated cancer, although he knows that the recollection will so -pension and pollute his imagination that not all the wholesome and pure employments of his mind In its happier moments, can avail to *'sweeten' it. This is the system which under the impulse of the Ritualistic movement has sought to find lodgment in the bosom of the English Church But the attempt will never succeed. The nation may tolerate much, but not this. "Nothing has more discredited Ritualism than this attempt to introduce into English parishes a regimen essentially Roman and Mediaeval. That thus the movement is regarded by devout and intelligent Roman Catholics, we have abundant proof. I content myself with referring you to an article by the Abbé Martin in the Nineteenth Century for February—an article to the tone and temper of which no exception can be taken. EUCHARISTIC DOCTRINE AND CEREMONIAL 3\. But it is in the celebration of the Holy -Communion that the attempt has been made to give to the theory the fullest symbolic expres sion. People wonder why men of good sense and keen intelligence should make so much ado about the eucharistic vestments. It has been remarked that whereas the Established Church of Scotland between 30 and 40 years ago was shaken to its centre by a great ecclesiastical controversy, the matter then in dispute was sufficient to account for the deep agitation of a religious people, being in their view nothing leas than the great question of the Headship of Christ in His Church. On the other hand it has been-observed with contemptuous surprise that the greatest storm in the Church of England in recent times has raged around a few ornaments and vestments. But this contempt is the super- ficial contempt of men who have not penetrated to the heart of the controversy. The question of the vestments would have no value in any man's eyes were it not that they stand forth as a symbol of something infinitely more impor- tant. The passionate earnestness with which it has been sought to retain or revive them means, at least with some, the retention at all hazards of-the last vestige of evidence that there may still exist in the Church of England a sacerdotal priesthood. The high Anglican divines went no further than to assert that toe Eucharist is a commemorative sacrifice or a commemoration of toe one sacrifice of the Cross, but toe Ritualists reject all such qualifying phrases. It is now " the holy sacrifice." Consistently with the idea that in the Church toe atoning work of Christ is still in progress, the sacrameat -is described even by men who call themselves English Churchmen, as "an extension of 'the incarnation;" whilst its ceremonial has been carried to a point which leaves hardly-a-faint:; line of demarcation between the English Com- munion and toe Soman Mass. The consecrated' elements are offered on toe altar as apropitiatory act, and when consecrated elevated for -the adoration of the faithful. This has indeed been repressed by law, but it has been repeatedly attempted. The celebration itself has been accompanied by gestures and prostrations of the body, signifying rather the crouching abasement of the slave than the reverential lowliness of mind of the childlike disciple. The body and blood of Christ are not merely present to the recipient, bnt are placed locally -on (he table. Men capable of making nice distinctions-separate as by the finest hairbreadth this presentment of the eucharistic doctrine from the -developed dogma of transubstantiation,but to the unlearned worshipper all such distinctions are shadowy and unreal. The Abbd Martin pleads with English Romanists to deal tenderly with the Ritualists, whom he sees engaged in the work of " converting" the Church of England. If he so regards it, we looking at their teaching from within the Church, must not be deemed uncharitable if we prononnoe it "an alien doc trine." We see therefore that if this -system were in the end to made any great inroad on the Church of England, which as yet it only threatens to do, it would an reality be the obliteration of centuries of Christian life in England, and a falling back into the lap of superstition. It is time, 1 think, then to warn men rot heedlessly to consent to hhe use of loose uncertain phrases, which are coming into fashion, and to remand them that, whatsoever priesthood the Church -of England possesses, it is not a sacerdotal priesthood. I am very far indeed from wishing to imply that into the Eucharist there enter no sacrificial elements. The whole language -of Christianity is sacrificial. The one tremendous ifact of a Suffering Son of God colours every act- of reli gion, and most deeply of all imbues the-highest act of earthly worship. The Church itself is a kingdom of priests who by that blood have been themselves redeemed to God. lln that kingdom the Cross is the characteristic emblem, the sign of royalty in suffering. The -law on which our regenerated human life as boilt is a law of sacrifice. To reduce the Sacrament to a mere memorial of something in the past, would be to cast aside all this as insignificant and to empty the Sacrament of its most characteristic meaning. It is the Church's constant celebra tion Df the sacrifice of Christ and the application of its benefits to those who receive. But we must never forget that the sacrifice of -Christ is an Eternal act; that though in the offering on the Cross it was manifested in Time, yet the Iamb of God is One " slain from the foundatiau of the world." As an eternal act it has no past and no future; the eternal things belong to a sphere which time cannot contain within itself; therefore that sacrifice not only is not to be repeated, but in the nature of things -cannot be, for in that which is Eten lal there is no suc cession. Moreover, you cannot repeat its Mani festation, for a thing made manifest stands there a revealed fact once for all. You cannot rediscover a truth, though you may repeat and renew the impression made by its discovery. Whilst the Eternal Sacrifice is still as truly present to the Church as on the day of oruci fixion, the Sacrament is its perpetual celebration with praise and thanksgiving, but its celebration by the whole Church and priesthood of God. The grace, the active power, of the eternal love of God reaching the soul of the man, in the sac ramental act touches tne spring of all that in him which is spiritual, and so links together the eternal thought of God and the life the man has to live under His holy inspiration. I am warranted, therefore, in saying that, in order to attach the highest value to this Sacra ment—to regard it as a real communication of Himself by Christ to His people—it is not neces sary to introduce the idea of a sacrificing priesthood perpetually offering Him on the altar. On the contrary, the introduction of that idea-obscures the greater truth of the exercise of His priestly office by Christ, not in Heaven alone but here on earth. It iB to exchange a spiritual for a material presenoe—a living Christ present to the soul for a material substance visible to the eye, under which as " a veil" we may -imagine Him to be, and dignify this imagi nation .with the name of faith. There is a closer connection than you might sqppose between this system, which professes to .exalt faith to the uttermost, and that materialistic philosophy which at this very time is assailiqg the founda tions of religion. It is materialism within the Church debasing, by its sensuous superstition, the most spiritual act of Christian devotion. It is perhaps, however, not a wholly evil thing that Ritualism in its later excesses has forced on our view the real nature of the contrasted doctrines—that which is mediaeval and that which is primitive—that we may choose between them; that we may clear our mindsof all vag-ie ness of conception and our language of all am biguity of phrase; that we may decide, cuoe for all, whether we shall be content with the doc trine of the Apostles and the Primitive -fathers or surrender it in favour of that of the middle age schoolmen. It may happen to sonae that, all unconscious of it, they are even now drifting in the latter direction, following, perhaps, some favourite leader or catching up the glib theology -of some newspaper oracle; and therefore it -is; no unfriendly act to ask them to take heed to; their steps. Affectionate persuasion, not; menace or coeieion, is not only the mostj Christian like but the most effectual way of! meeting such encroachments of evil. n. MODEEN UNBELIEF. Any review of the signs of the times as affect ing religion would be incomplete without a ' refereuoe to the feverish activity of modern - unbelief. It is to be feared that here the sins of { the fathers have descended to us their children. | Hardly an important conquest of new truth in i the field of science has been made which has not j been hindered or denounced by men fall of ' coward fears for the interests of revelation; as if there could he two kinds of truth, or es if any true thing could be prevented from taking its place in the annals of the world by raising against^ it the ery of religious error ; or as if revelation could have any " interests" apart from those of truth. Usually this cry has pro ceeded most loudly from men of deficient infor mation, wholly incompetent to test the supposed discovery. Nor is their faith of the right temper ana quality. It is not a strong but a ; feeble and timorous faith that gives itself ore:' 10 time alarms. And now the Nemesis has come. We find eminent physicists and biologists regarding believers in Christianity as their traditional foes, to whom there has descended an 'inheritance of suspicion and hatred. The orthodox have been stigmatized as " The Bourbons of Theology "—men to whom time can teach nothing because they are incapable of learning. Bven -if amongst them there should appear a new disposition to regard science as an ally whose discoveries may ran apparently parallel to the facts of revelation, whilst yet ths two lines are in reality insensibly tending toujards one another to meet at Borne point, though it be a distant one, this is regarded as only part of the new "tactics" resorted to by the scared defenders of religion now that the ' old tactics have proved a mistake. Believers an regarded, and almost described in somany words, as men who cannot reason because their notions about the supernatural have stuffed their brains with so much " theological weol." We are assailed from all quarters and in the most various ways—sometimes with passionate invec tive, and sometimes with the lighter weapons of raillery and persiflage. Now it is Professor Huxley's science acidulated with sarcasm; now the anti-Christian fanaticism of Professor Clifford; and now (to our sorrow) the more engaging scepticism of Professor Tyndall—a Soeutic apparently in bis own despite, and not without his involuntary moods of devotion. In Professor Huxley in .particular the very name of theology or theologian seems *to arouse a frenzy -of tempestuous wrath and-scorn hardly compatible with the character of the-calm philosophic enquirer. We ask with some amazement, " Taniaene animis cadestibus irae 7" it is manifest thathe can find no real justifica tion for-his scorn, otherwise he would not have recourse to the transparent expedient (which he might well leave-to meaner controversialists) of identifying-theologians as a class with the more intolerant and prejudiced -members of their order. And-Professor Tyndall, whose assault is less rude, yet bestows on believers in a revealed religion, -as from some superior height of illumination, a' compassionate treatment not without tenderness for their charming childlike simplicity, which is hardly less irritating. THE AGNOSTIC SYLLOGISM. (1.) It seems to be settled by the illuminati that-we can know nothing of God, or immor tality, or our relation to the unseen world. Why? 'Because science can tell us nothing of any-of these things. But waiving the ques tion whether science can indeed tell us nothing, observe the syllogism which we are expected to receive. It runs thus: — "Nothing in the universal sphere of things can be known as true which cannot be subjected to a scientific-test; the supernatural objects of faith cannot be subjected to this test, therefore of them we can know nothing." But here it is the premiss itself which requires to. be proved. The mathematician might with equal right pos tulate the statement that nothing can be known as-certainly true which cannot he demonstrated, and with logic equally convincing overwhelm with ridicule ail the discussions of ethical philosophy. Our admiration of the talents and the acquirements of men of science often assumes a character of awe; but our respect for their authority, where they have gained the right to -speak with authority, must not betray us into an implicit acceptance of their logical fallacies. EVOLUTION—ITS THEOLOGICAL SIGNIFICANCE IF PROVED. (2.) The particular theory which has been seized on as most hostile to the claims of Christianity, and fatal to all belief in supernatural existence, is .that of Evolution. Professor Huxley's hope that it may be ultimately established is partly for the sake of science, to give it certitude and coherence, but partly also (he hardly affects to conceal) for the sake of confounding the theolo gians and exploding ence for all what be is phased to call the " cosmogony of Moses." Yet it is significant that the theory has not been re garded by Mr. Darwin, the author of the theory, or by Mr. Wallace, his most distinguished dis ciple, as inconsistent at least with a belief in God. They are both Theists (Theism being itself a form of belief in the supernatural), nor has either of them ever turned the theory to any anti- Christian purpose. If it should be established we should be compelled to admit that the various species of creatures which hitherto we have regarded as the result of separate acts of creation, have been developed one out of another by variation and natural selection. Such a theory is startling; bat sup posing it to have proved its case, when yon have pursued your investigations to the most rudimental substance, you are no nearer nonentity than at first. You have only thrown further back the point of contact between material creation and its Creator. And if the original creative energy oould set in motion such a series of changes, evolving in the successive groups of beings even selective intelligence and an activity of in stinct rising at last in man to the exertion of a self-determining will, what do you do but magnify the creative function of God ? Under these unexpected circumstances, yon conceive of Him not merely as a mighty artificer, making one thing after another with an inexhaustible fertility of design, but as a Creator able to transfer bis creative function in a finite degree to the work of his hands, and to project the creative process through countless ages. And, though the introduction of a great many links in the chain of being may seem to place God at a greater distance from ns, this is an impression arising solely from the infirmity of our own minds; for to God all things are immediately present as they are, not apprehended relatively through succession in time. Happily there are other ways of finding God than by tracking laboriously the print of His footsteps in the material universe. By a diviner manner of knowledge, the humblest believer knows that he is in actual relation to the Father of Spirits, and that with Him he can maintain unbroken communion. HAS IT BEEN ESTABLISHED? (3.) But the question remains—Has this theory which the Agnostics hail as the death blow to faith in all above Nature been in reality established ? Professor Huxley is a man of too great scientific integrity to pretend that it has. Up to this time he has never retracted what he said originally in 1860, and afterwards in the " Lay-Sermons" in 1871—that, " as the evidence stands, it is not absolutely proven that a group of animals, having all the characters exhibited by species in nature, has ever been originated by selection, whether artificial or natural." Then, in reference to Mr. Darwin's attempts to diminsh the force of the objection—" We admit the value of these arguments to the fullest extent. Nay, we will go so far as to express our belief that experiments conducted by a skilful physiologist would very probably obtain the desired production of mutually more or less infertile breeds from a common stock in a com paratively few years, but still, as the case stands at present, this little ' rift within the lute' is not to be disguised or overlooked." What a " comparatively few years" may mean leaves room for conjecture, but 18 years have passed away since the " skilful physiologist" was thus publicly advertised for, and he has not as yet presented himself. Certainly the predicted feat has never been performed. At the Berlin conference of German naturalists last September Professor Virchow insisted on the observance of a much clearer distinction than is commonly made between scientific facts ascertained and scientific hypotheses or problems which are at the present time the subject of research, and the following words are pertinent to the matter in hand:—" Every attempt to form our problems into doctrines, to introduce our hypotheses as the basis of instruction—especially the attempt simply to dispossess the Church and to supplant its dogmas forthwith by a religion of evolution —be assured, gentlemen, every such attempt will make shipwreck, and in its wreck will bring with it the greatest perils for the whole position of science." It will be noticed also that, while Mr. Darwin hopes eventually to establish a line of connection between the various groups from the very beginning of " the struggle for existence" up to man, Mr. Wallace expressly declines the attempt and abandons the expeeti tiou. " We may admit," he says, " that those who claim for man a position and an order, a class or sub-kingdom for himself, have some reason on their side. He is indeed, a being apart, since he is not influenced by the great laws which irresistibly modify all other organic beings." He goes on to predict for man a future far completer empire over Nature and the lower creatures than anything we have yet dreamt of—in an eloquent passage which reads like a scientific justification of the triumphant language of the eighth Psalm. Professor Virchow, dealing with the same question —Whether man" has ancestors among the other vertebrate animals"—says, " I am new specially engaged in the theory of anthropology; but I am bound to declare that every positive advance we have made in the province of prehistoric anthropology has actually removed as further from the proof of such a connection." And finally, we have lately seen Professsor Calderwood, of Edinburgh, showing that the question as to evolution has its moral as well as its physical side, and that between the moral nature of man and the most highly organized and cultivated of the brutes there yawns a vast and apparently impassable chasm. If, then, evolution is to be the potent instru ment by which the idea of God is to be expelled from Nature, and all intervention of the super natural in man's life is to be proved impossible, the prophets of unbelief must wait a little before it can be ready to their hand. Nay, it may prove in the end that they must " let that alone forever." (4.) But the temper of the Christian believer in reference to the enquiry should be fearless and dispassionate.' We are not, like the priests of the old and dead superstitions, afraid of the spell of some mightier magic -than our own; or, like the men of Ephesus, trembling because dor, craft is in danger. But we profess before : God and man that our most earnest desire is to hold nothirig as matter of belief but what is true, and for this very reason will hold that alone to be true which has been com pletely and satisfactorily proved. If the emer gence of new scientific truth should show any particular line of theological argument to be untenable, the history of Christian thought in the past may serve to assure us that there will not be wanting thinkers, assisted by the Spirit of God, te give the newly discovered truth its proper place in the general scheme of Christian belief. SCIENCE AND PRESENTMENT. For, after all, it is not we who discover truth, but God who discovers it to us. If discovery should come through those who do not know and do not believe in the true source of all their illumination, we at least believe with Male branche that even philosophic "attention" is a kind of unconscious " prayer for light," which never goes without its reward. For although science has been described by a distinguished biologist as " nothing but trained and organized common sense," the history of modern discovery does not justify this description as complete. On the contrary, some of the most famous con tributions to knowledge have been anticipations by men whose minds have gained a kind of : imaginative scientific insight into that which is as yet hidden from them by the limited range of ascertained fact. _ They have alighted, by insight and presentiment, on some happy hypothesis suggesting the true explana tion of perplexing and almost contradictory phenomena, even before the proof of it has been or can be established. Many a previous mis leading hypothesis has been entertained, and at length discredited by the test of experi ment or calculation. But at last by a process of mental suggestion which they are wholly unable to explain, another hypothesis has arisen in their minds which has proved to be the true light shining on their path, indicating to them the particular line of investigation -by which they are destined to lay bare to the world the special truth of which they were in search. If, then, we 'honour these masters and seers, it is for more than their "trained common sense." Another and a higher kind of perception is here at work; and we do not hesitate to say that there is here the benediction of the eternal Wisdom on faculties devoted with an admirable singleness of purpose to "the unlocking of the gates of sense and the kindling a greater natural light" for the better understanding of the things that are seen. In reference even to these things no man can greatly add to the sum of human knowledge without becoming in the end the benefactor of the Christian Church. In this temper of mind we would contemplate the patient labours of those devoted students of science whose alienation from Christianity is a grief to us, the greater for our admiration of their splendid powers, and the homage we cannot but render to their virtuous industry in their chosen pursuit. CHRIST AND CHRISTIANITY. But looking to the unsettled nature of many of the questions now in (debate, it will be our wisdom to counsel our people not to perplex themselves with controversy about unsolved scientific problems, but to turn their atten tion mainly to the most tangible and substantial of all the Christian foots—the Life, the Person, and Character of Our Lard Jesus Christ, and Christianity itself as a power whieh has during nearly 19 centuries been exhibiting its character to the world. It is here that the admissions of those who regard Christianity only from the outside show us that our vantage ground really is. The late John Stuart Mill declared—" Whatever else may be taken away from us by rational criticism, Christ is still left, a unique figure, not more unlike all His pre cursors than all his followers." He adds—" It is of no use to say that Christ, as exhibited to us in the Gospels, is not historical, and that we know not how much that is admirable has been superadded by the tradition of His followers. . . Who among His disciples or among His proselytes was capable of inventing the sayings ascribed to Jesus, or of imagining the life and character revealed in the Gospels?" Mr. Sime, in his " Life. of Leasing," says that " the evan gelists, who narrate facts with dry simplicity, have given us a history of Christ's Passion in which there is not a passage we can touch with the point of a needle by which art has not profited." And Mr. Lecky, the historian of Rationalism and of Morals, has felt himself wholly nnable to restrain the following burst of admiration:—" It was reserved for -Christianity to present to the world an ideal character which throughout all the changes of 16 centuries has inspired the hearts of men with an impassioned love; has shown itself capable of acting on all sges, nations, temperaments, and conditions . . and has exercised so deep an influence that it may be truly said that the simple record of three short years of active life has dons more to regenerate and to soften mankind than all the disquisitions of philosophers and all the exhortations of moralists." What can be a grander office than that of un folding the Divine and human elements of this beautiful and holy life—its relation to au eternal Fatherly purpose—its typical represen tation of all that is essential to man's life when lived at its best ? In unfolding all this we shall have sympathizing listeners outside those who are regularly under our pastoral care. And in reference to the body of truth which we rightly call " Catholic," what is the beet way to com mend that to the real faith of men? Surely it is by seeking every point of actual contact with what men believe rather than by fulminations against them for what they disbelieve, by nourishing in them any "small seed-corn" of faith that it may grow, if it please God, into a vigorous plant. We may strongly repel the assault of the unfair-minded opponent of belief, and yet our reliance must be not on the strength of our arguments, but on the presence in the midst of all truth- seeking men of an informing spirit of knowledge and love, preparing their minds to welcome every suggestion of truth that is in harmony with it. It should be deeply settled in us, as matter of our inmost belief, that, as Professor Maurice said 25 years ago, ' we stand not upon traditions or upon men, though these men were Apostles and Prophets; but that we stand upon their foundation; that the spirit in which they spake is given to us, to make us true men, to make us understand true words, and to make us speak true words our selves." (" Sermons on the Prayer Book.") As we regard the investigations of science not only without dismay, but rather in the spirit of Him who sat in the midst of the doctors eagerly listen ing to them and "asking them questions," with like interest- and sympathy do we watch the progress of that wholesome Rationalism, which has been defined as " the attempt to reconcile the religious tradition with the reason, and to define the logical ideas which underlie the popular religious consciousness." (Symonds' Renaissance.) But because we have human sympathy, our eye alights with sorrow and pro found compassion on men who seem to be the peculiar production of our age, " disillusioned," without faith, without hope, certain of nothing except (by a kind of parody of faith) that there is nothing certain; to whom the positivism of materialistic _ science presents itself with a singular fascination, as reviving their faist capacity of believing in anything whatever. It lights up in those sad souls some brief interest in the world in which they have to live, whether they will or no; but it is but like the passing spellof some incantation which touches the soul only so long as the nerves are vibrating under its influence, but leaves it in the end, saying to itself, as it were, under its breath (what St. Paul said long ago) " If in this life only we have hope we are of all men most miserable." Let me close my address by one more quotation from the revered author from whom but now I borrowed some powerful words. " Unless," said Frederick Maurice, " unless there be proof that spiritual power is superior to mechanical; that the world is subject to God, and not to chance or nature; that there is au order far more perfect and beautiful than that of sons and stars, in which men are intended to abide, and in which everything that is great and noble in them receives its full development, I see not how the materialist superstition can fail to become the creed of every nation, and to bring about the decay of all institutions and political life; all feeling, affection, hope. But with the other (and more spiritual) faith it has been found possible for men to pursue physical science. The world has presented itself to them as a solemn, awful subject of study, but not as a tyrant before whom they must bow. They have learnt that the mere customary links which connect a fact with its highest principle may be suspended for the purpose of making that principle manifest. They have therefore risen: above the slavish notion that sensible experience is the law to which all things are subjected; they have been able to set it at nought and defy it. Not merely the astronomer, hut every chemist who has truly investigated the fuctions and powers of material things, has moved on this line, humbly asking Nature to . tell him her secrets, and receiving answers—the most Batwfaeten, LuJeed—bait the most contrary to our sensible anticipations and conclusions." (" Kingdom of Christ vol. I.) . Forgive me for having bo severely taxed your patience. Ho topics, I think, could have more properly occupied the attention of a Christian Synod, A briefer discussion of them would have been worse than useless. At least I should bare so considered it, and so have had to choose | between silence and very open and explicit 8pQ6CJl« , BUKIRH88 HEBTntO, The meeting for the dispatch of business was held at the Church Office at 3 o'clock, the , Vicar-General presiding. I int. « , , 8YI,OD*I< EOIX. ) The Synodal roll was made up as follows t> Adelaide—Eev. Richardson JCPorter W- Shakespeare, 2\. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Archdeacon Itoat, M.A., J. Bath, D. Garlick, S.Smith, J. Barker. ' 3\. St. XinfeeX.Adelaide—Bev. James Pollitt, H. Boucaut, S. Higg^ J. H. Cunningham, L. 6. Madley. 4\. St. Paul's. Adelaide—Dean Russell, J c Bray, S. M. Smith, T. H. Hawkins,- H. S. Anthony., 5\. St. Paul's, Port Adelaide—Bev. 8. Green, A. Jones, H. H. Thomas. , 6\. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. F. S. Poole M.A., F. H. Carter, T. E. Ward, J. White, H. Gillman. 7- St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Bev. W B Andrews, J. E. Moulden, C. B. Mitchell. 8\. All Saints',Hindmarsh—Rev. H. M. PoIIitt, B. Taylor, T. Hardy. 9; St. Margaret's, Woodville—Bev. A. Dendy, U.D., G. A. Connor. 10\. St. Andrew's, "Walkerville—- Archdeacon Cove, MA, C. B. Young, C. C. Cornish. t H*. St. Matthew's, Kensington — Bev. E. Jenkins, W. B. Hull, E. W; Meredith. w1?; St. George's, Woodforde-Bev. A. Honner. it D. Cruttenden. . M3*' w"r^fbael't Miteham—Rev. H. Bead, MA., N. Oldham, J. Williams. 14\. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Bev. W. H. Mndie, J. H. Wiles, J. N.Taylor. 15, 16. St. Mary's, Sonth-road, and Chrisfc church, CPHalloran Hill—Bev. J. Bach, B. H. Babbage, H. D. OHalloran. ft ®lenel6-Bev. T. Field, M.A, W. S. Douglas, H. Ferguson. 18,19. St. Stephen's, WiUonga, and St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlnnga—Bev. E. K. Miller. H. Malpas, J. G. Holmes. 20, 21, 22. St. James's, Blakiaton, Christ church, Mount Barker, and St. Thomas's, Bai hanhah—Bev. J. W. Gower, B. Gray, J. T. Williams, H.Kerr. 23\. St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, T. O, Jones, J. Thornley. 24\. Christchurch, Kapnnda — Bev J M. Donaldson. W. Barlow. W. D. Scott. 25\. St. Mary's, the Bona—Bev. H. Howitfc. N, Blyth, F. A. Grant. 2d. St. Jpde's, Port Elliot—Bev. E. T. Howell, M.A., H. Field. 27\. St. John's, Monnt Pleasant—Bev. B. W. Holden (Deacon), W. Phil lis. 28\. St. Peter's, Robe—Rev. J. F. Hocter, B.A., Rev. W. J. Bussell (Deacon). 29\. Christchnrch, Mount Gambier—Same as St. Peter's, Robe, H. K. Hnghes, F. Halcomb. 30\. St. Thomas's,Port Lincoln—Bev.O.Ham mond, J. S. Browne, S. C. Pearson. 31\. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Bev. C. W Morse, B.A., E. Lovelock. 32\. All Saints', Moonta—Rev. J. H. Corvan, B.A„ A. McGeorge, G. F. Wyatt. 33,34. St. John's. Macclesfield, and St. Marv's. Eehunga—Bev. H. Bevis. 35\. Holy Trinity, Riverton—Rev. J. Hough ton, J. Bosworth. 36\. St. James's, Glenbnrn—Same as No. 31 T. W. Vaudrey. 37\. Emanuel, Chiukford—Same as No. 35, W. G. Cole. 38\. 39. St. Michael's, Bungaree, and St. Barnabas, Clare—Bev. R. B. Webb, M A G W Hawkes, J. G Pitcher. 40\. St. John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins, J. W. Castine, J. S. Anthony. 41\. St. Mary's, "Wallaroo—Rev. O. G. Tanlin. G. W. Siilirant. ' 42\. St. Martin's, Campbelltowu—Same as No. 12, H. E. Downer. 43\. St. Ann's, Aldinga—Same as Nos 18 and 44\. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa— Same as No. 8, G. E. DeMole. 45\. Christchnrch, Kadiua—Same as No. 41 J. Ey. ' 46\. Christchnrch. Stratbalbyn—Same as Nos 33 and 34,0. H. T. Connor. 47\. St. Jude's, Brighton—Same as No. 15, H. Dutton. 48\. St. Paul's, Rhyme—Same as No. 35, W. Nickolls. 49\. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. A. Sells. The following Churches were recommended to be placed on the roll of parishes entitled to i send representatives to SynedSt. Augustine's, Port Augusta, and Holy Trinity, Melrose, Rev. H. Williams, T. G. Pleydell, E. G. Gregory. The following clergy also bold the licence of the Bishop and are on the roll:—Revs. Canon Farr, M.A, F. Williams, M.A., W. H. Sharp, MA..J. C. Haynes, W. G. Robinson (Deacon), E. O. Spicer, B.A. (Deacon), F. T. Whitington (Deacon), W. F. Marshall. ^ _ THE VKSAR-GENBEAt. The commission of the Bishop under which the Vicar-General was entitled to preside was read. ELECTION COMMITTEES REPORT. Recommended that the following Churches be placed on the roll of parishes entitled to send representatives to Synod:—St. Augustine's, Port Augusta; Holy Trinity, Melrose. In the present quasi-missionary state of these parishes they deemed it unnecessary to recommend Synod to define the boundaries. The report was adopted. OFFICERS OF SYNOD. The Vicar-General appointed the Rev F. T. Whitington to act as Reporter to Synod, Mr. C. B. Young as Lay Secretary, and the Rev. S. Green as Clerical Secretary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. This Committee for the year was elected as follows:—Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. S. Green, the Hon. N. Blvth, Messrs. C. B. Young and J. C. Bray. APPEAL FROM ELECTION COMMITTEE. St. Peter's, Williams town, applied to be admitted to union with Synod. Referred to the Election Committee, to meet next day. STATE OF THE DIOCESE. The Vicar-Genbbal read the following re port :— | 1\. The Bishop's Absence.—There seems some- i thing almost unnatural in the assembling of our j Synod without the Bishop at its head. Id my i farewell interview with His Lordship he told ire that, all being well, his return to the diocese would not be postponed beyond St. Paul's Bay at the latest. In the Lambeth Episcopal Conference, in which he is about to take part, it is o rtainly desirable that there should be one so well qualified as he is to represent the views of the Australian Church, its desire for closer union with the mother Church, and at the same time its claim to independent action. We trust the Bishop may derive mnch happiness from his intercourse with his episcopal brethren, gathered together from all parts of the English-speaking world. For our own part we can best signify to him at once our loyalty and our sympathy by devoting to the business of the Church in this diocese even more than our usual carefulness of attention. 2\. Deceased Members.—The past year has removed from us some of those lay brethren who formerly took a leading part in our counsels and have rendered services of lasting worth. Such men were Frederic Wicksteed, Marshall MacDermott, Handyside Duncan, and Oliver Eeble Bichardson. Not only do we honour their memory, hut we know with the knowledge of faith that they are one with us still in the blessed Communion of Saints. 3\. The Consecration of the Cathedral on ihe that day of the present civil year excited the greatest interest throughout the Church. Thanks to Dr. Dendy, the arrangements for the consecration were very orderly and complete. The higher service maintained within the walls of the Cathedral has supplied an acknowleged want. The presence amongst us during the consecration week of their Lordships the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballaarafc, was not only a per sonal gratification to many, but a fresh stimulus of life to us all. Whilst recording our gratitude I add the expression of hope that in the coming years the repeated discharge of suchoffices of reciprocal kindness may knitstill more closely the bonds of a common life, between ourselves and our brethren iu this great Australian land.■ 4\. Cathedral Endowment. — The Cathedral, though so far complete, requires further expen diture on the interior, hut, what is still more essentia], needs the endowment of a Precentor ship, to be held by one of the Vicars-Choral or otherwise. Now that the fact is mentioned, those who have gotten themselves wealth" in this country will no doubt make baste to supply this deficiency by gifls or bequests. 5\. St. Peter's School.—The fact that Canon Farr has resigned the Head Mastership of St. Peter's Collegiate School having become gene rally known, I should not be satisfying your feelings or my own were I not to express 'our . high spi reciation of the services he has rendered to Christian education. The steps taken by the governing body of this school are such that it is hoped an able successor may ere long be found. 1 6\. The Clergy.—The number of our clergy is ] now [43. One much-esteemed clergyman, the Rev.H. J. Poole, has left us, having reoeived preferment in the Diocese of Melbourne. Another, the Rev. £. Joslin, after a brief but earnest ministry, ha« deceased. The Rev. H. Bevis, from the Diocese of Wellington, New Zealand, was in July last licensed to the mis sionary care of Strathalbyn with Echunga, Meadows, and Langhorne's Bridge, carryinghis ministry as far as "Wellington. Three theological students have been ordained to the Diaoonate, viz., Mr. R. O. Spicer, B.A. (Melbourne), Mr. F. T. Whitington, and Mr. W. J. Bus sell, matricu lated students of the Adelaide University. These three young clergymen all received their early education in this colony, and give such good promise of future usefulness as to en courage the hope that we may by- and-by recruit the: rankB. of our clergy almost entirely bom the youths growing up amongst ns. In addition to these-the Rev. W. 6. Robinson, M.A., of Trinity College, Dublin, finding his health foiling, was led to seek the genial climate of Booth Australia. He arrived in. January, and was licensed to act as Bishop's Chaplain, chiefly in the supply of vacant cores. These are valu able additions to the clerical body. 7\. lay Readers —It is gratifying to find our laymen still willing to give their unpaid ser vices in this assistant work. Twelve additional lay readers have been licensed during the year, vie., Messrs. A. M. Wilson, B. O. Yeo, B. Elphick, W. Kelly, O. Weld, J. E. Bell, W. H. Addison, J. H. Cunningham, S. Higgs, W. Warner, E. M. Dudley, and W. Thwaites— serving at Kadina, Mbonta, Kilkerran, Balhan nah; Blakiston, Mount Baker, Streaky Bay,. Adelaide, Wallaroo, Auburn, and Wakefield. 8.: Church Extension—The Areas.—The at tempt to provide .the people settled in the Areas with the ministrations of the Church has been at length successful. The way had been pre- * pared in the northern townships by the Rev. E. T. Howell and Archdeacon Dove; and as a ten tative measure they were placed for the first year under -the charge of the ' Bev. Hartley Williams, Incnmbent of Melrose and Port Au gusta. . But- two fresh districts have now been formed—the . one consisting of. Laura, James town, Georgetown, and Gladstone, under the care of the Bev. E. C. Spicer; the other consist ing , of Port Pirie, Crystal Brook, and Redhill, under the care of the Bev. F. T. Whitington; Mr.''Williams also undertaking missionary duty r in his own neighbourhood. The Yorke's Penin sula Areas are hew likewise occupied. The northern portion, with Maitland for its centre, is attached.to the cure of the Bev. JJELOorvan; -whilst the southern, including Kdithbnrgh, Stanshury, 'Diamond Lake, Yorketown, Mima ton,' and Mount Bat, is placed provisionally1 under the care of the Bev. W. F. Marshall. This latter mission had been ably organized by the Bev. O. W. Morse, who during the past year made eight missionary visits to the Peninsula, besides two to Kangaroo bland. The Bev. W. J. Bussell is acting as mission curate in the South-East, under the direction of the Bev. J. F. Hocter, and ministering at Penola, Nar-a coorte, and other townships. Preparatory steps have been taken for the occupation of the Bramfield Mission in connection with Streaky Bay, the Attorneys of the S.P.G. having pro mised an annual grant of £50. 9\. Bush Missions.—The Archdeacon of Flin ders continues his periodical visits to the stations as far north of Adelaide as 400 miles. Permanent arrangements for a more regular ministry are rendered difficult by the unsettled state of all squatting property in view of the advancement of agricultural settlement. The Bev. H. Howitt also continues his quarterly visits to stations extending 90 miles north of the Burra, in a different line from that of Arch deacon Dove. The Bev. O. G. Taplin this year made a missionary tour along the Western coast as far as Streaky Bay, only to report, like his predecessors, that such flying visits are merely "better than nothing." There is still much ground to be opened up. The Bishop told the Standing Committee that " from Wellington to Lacepede Bay there is no missionary of our Church. On the. west and western side of Spencer's Gulf there is much need of one." He pointed, too, to the Gawler Ranges, the country to the north and north-west of Port Augusta, and towards the North-East as for as the Barrier Ranges. There is indeed "a vast pastoral dis trict," much of which will probably never be in vaded by the plough—certainly not for many years. There some minister of the Church should be at work satisfying the desires of the religious minded, and as. to those who have become utterly indifferent, humanizing, civilizing. Christianizing. What is wanted is the pastoral superintendence of a resident, yet constantly travelling missionary, carrying on his work, very much according to the method and in { the spirit of the late Archdeacon Twopeny. ip. Clerical Incomes.—I have obtained per mission to place before you some information, confidentially supplied, respecting the parochial incomes of the clergy derived from the voluntary support of their people, bearing on two points— (1) .the sufficiency of the amount; (2) the punc tuality and regularity of payment. In the Government service the salaries are graduated according to class and length of service. The maximum salary is—Second class, £420; third, £330; fourth, £270; fifth, £210; sixth, £150. In order justly to compare with these rates the incomes of the clergy, in all cases where there is a parsonage, or parsonage and glebe, a sum equivalent to rental has been added to the amount actually received. There are seven clergymen ef the diocese whose income is de rived in whole or in part from scholastic or non parochial sources. These are not reckoned. From two I have no definite information. Of the. remaining 34 it appears that five have in comes over the second-class maximum (£420), seven over the minimum of the some class (£350), seven more under the maximum of the third class (£330), then 12 under the maximum of the fourth class (£270), and three under the maximum of the fifth class (£210). But the officers of the civil service are paid punctually every month, whilst in most cases there is no regularity or system in the mode adopted for pay ing clerical incomes. Some clergymen say they do not know when they are to expect pay ment, or in what amounts within any given time; and the cases are few in which the in come known or expected to be available is not in arrear. There is one obvious corrective to this. In thoBe parishes (of which at present there is only one) where the pew- rents are large enough to constitute a sufficient income, all that is wanted is a good system of collection. Bnt in those where the pew-rents are not sufficient, if pew-rents and offertory were thrown into a common fund, it would at once appear whether the fuBd affords an adequate stipend (endow ment, of coarse, being reckoned); and if not, it should be supplemented by annual subscriptions to a Parochial or Stipend Fund; and at each Easter Vestry the stipend should be fixed, so that the pastor of the parish should know on what scale he may order his expenses. Stipends might also be paid monthly with the same regu larity as salaries in the public service, if an account were opened at a Bank, arrangements being made by which the inconvenience of arrears would fall not on the clergyman, but on the parish, which wonld have to make good :.ny overdraft. I commend this subject to the 6erieus consideration of the laity throughout this Diocese. Considering how greatly the colony has increased in wealth, it is not too much, I think, to ask that every clergyman who has served seven years should have an income not less than the maximnm of a third-class officer in the Civil Service. But | regularity of payment is still more important. Perhaps not half-a-dozen persons in any parish know what the stipend of the clergyman is, but | every man who loves his Church ought to make it his business to know and to see that th; proper means are taken for having it paid. There is no want of willingness, but there is some watat of thoughtful consideration and of busi ness-like arrangement. The fact is that the 15 clergy of the diocese receiving no more than the salary of a Civil officer of the fourth or- fifth class comprise some of the ablest and most highly esteemed of the whole body, as well as some who have served for nearly or quite a quarter of a century. This state of things is the more provoking because there is absolutely no necessity for it. 11\. Confirmations.—On this subject I quote the words of the Bishop:—" Daring the last 12 months, from Port Augusta to Gambierton, Fort Pirie to Port Elliot, through the Northern Areas, Talunga, Lyndoch^as far as Glenburn in the South, 1 have visited the Chnrches and con firmed about 520 adults or young persons of an age rarely below 15. The crowded congrega tions, the fervency and reverence of the cate chumens, have permitted me to thank God and take courage." This may well be considered a very remarkable statement when His Lord ship's age is taken into account. 12\. The Melanesian Mission.—It ia satisfac tory to know that the amount remitted to the Bishop of Melanesia this year exceeds that of last by about £60. This is chiefly due to the exertions of Sunday-schools, conspicuously that of Trinity Church, Adelaide. If the Rev. R. H. Codrington could visit this diocese a great stimulus would be given to the work of collec tion ; and there is some ground for the expecta tion that he may be able to do so in the coarse of the year. You will doubtless desire to express to the Bishop your sense of the loss the whole Church had sustained in the death of his : father, the man who created the Melanesian ■ Mission, and was able by the inspiring force of bit own enthusiasm to give to the Church neb b history and such a memory as that of Bishop Patteson. 13\. The Poonindie Mission—Our natiye Mission has passed through a time of sever© sickness, which in several instances proved fatal. - During this time of trial the Bev. O. Hammond was most kindly assiduous in his medical care of the sick as well as in the ministry to fchemof spiritual consolation. An attempt to deprive the Mission of its pastoral lease was happily de feated. The Commissioner of Crown buds made a personal visit of inspection, and • under- ' took that the lease should be renewed;. It nr much to be regretted that the local Bench of Magistrates have licensed a public-house on the . road close to the Poonindie boundary, which 1 presents temptation of a serious kind and is not - justified by any local necessity; 14\. Clergy Widow and Orphans' Fund.—It is naost gratifying to observe the complete success of this fund. With an accumulated capital of £5,500, an income'Of £650; and only four < annuitants, the capital is rapidly increasing. Mating every allowance for 'an increasing - number of prospective claims it is evident that it will soon be quite consistent with- prudence : to increase the annuity. The Clergy Annuity Fund, for the benefit of aged and infirmcleigy men. has as yet only collected-i£85414s. 4JL»but the collection is making feir progress. _ 15\. Church of - England Endowment Society. - —I have now to torn- to a subject -which will'1 - require careful handling. During the past year ' certain communications have passed between the Standing Committee and the Church _ of England Endowment Society, to explain which >' it will be necessary to giv® a brief histarieal - - statement. The Society, consisting of -lay -■ members of the Church, was formed in I860.' - On Jane 11 of that year a pnhUc meeting was - •' held in White's Booms, in which the then; Governor (Sir Richard MacDonneli), the Bishops - , of Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, and others - took part, when the proposals: of the Society were placed before the public. These were con tained in a publication, giving a full statement1 of the objects and the constitution of the Society, to which was prefixed an address asking for the support of Churchmen: Copies af this' bearing the date 1860 still exist, and may be < consulted. According to the constitution then' proposed, it was announoed that while the manage ment of the Society was vested in a Hoard of : Directors, twelve in number (including the ! Chairman and Deputy-Chairman) " the appro- 1 priation of the inoome shall be under 'the con trol of Synod." The objects stated were the " placing the stipends of toe clergy on a footing which snould be at once permanent, becoming, and liberal," and the " adding to the number of that body." It was provided that a general public meeting should be held each year on a given day in January, and that this meeting toe ; clergy should be invited to attend. The Society was not incoiporated till September 25, 1863, but by that time the constitution of the Society had been materially altered, although it does not appear that -either the Synod or the public had reoeived any intimation that the original plan had been so greatly modified. In toe altered constitution toe control of the Synod over toe appropriation of income was practically withdrawn. For though the distribution and application were still said to be "• in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod," that discretion was distrusted and disallowedby subsequent clauses. The Synod was to be " guided" in such distribution by " the recom mendation of toe President and Board of Direc tors." The recommendation of toe latter when funds were paid over was, further, to "govern toe Synod in toe application of the funds sopaid over." Still, however, the opportunity was to be given to. toe Synod to satisfy the Board of Directors, if it could, that any particular pro posed application of funds would not be desi rable. The Bishop was retained in his position as President of the Society, and Chairman, as of right, of general meetings bat the proposal to hold aminid public meetings, to Whidh " the clergy should be invited," had totally disip peared. I know nothing of toe history of the - private deliberations which led to these certain!y not unimportant changes, nor is it necessary to enquire into this in what purports to be a mere naked statement of facts. The Standing Com mittee until recently were not aware that such changes had been made; for though the new rules and regulations of toe Incorporated Society were 'printed in 1864, in an outward form closely , resembling that of 1860, toe one publication was naturally supposed to be a mere reproduction of the other. Even in .this second document, however, it appears that, the Directors are still bouud to " pay over" to toe Synod the whole of each year's income which is applicable for distribution, to inform toe - Synod by way of "recommendation" of the in tended mode of application, and to afford to the clergy and lay representatives *f the Church an opportunity of makiDg known any reasonable objection that may occur to them. In-point of fact the income, though no doubt well adminis tered, has never been as a whole paid over to Synod. Part of it has been appropriated for grants for endowment according to a plan approved by Synod; part of it has been placed at the disposal of the Bishop by toe Directors for one or other of the objects contem plated by the Society; but as yet the Society does not appear to have recognised toe fact that the Synod is a body consisting of three orders, each one of which has a right to discuss every part of the annual scheme of appropriation. - Now, for the first time, we have a statement before us which satisfies one part of toe Standing: Committee's requirement; but the other part— that the annual available Income, even if accom panied with a compulsive "recommendation"' from the Directors, shall be "paid over" to' Synod (and, of course, appear in the accounts o£ its Treasurers)—has not been complied with. Whilst giving you, as concisely as I could, sucb a statement of facts as might make intelligible to you the proceedings of the Standing Com mittee, I must at the same time ask you to observe with gratitude the noble generosity of those lay donors who have created for the benefit of the diocese a considerable capital. - What the amonnt of that capital is, the form of the accounts transmitted by the Society hardly enables a person unlearned in accounts to state with precision; but I am given to understand that it is not less than £20,000. The net income of the year is stated as £1,000. The Secretary informs us of " the mode determined on" by the Board for the appropriation of the year's income, which, you will observe, is a form of expression more absolute than the constitution of the Society justifies. According to Bale 7 of tbe Society an intended appropriation can only come before Synod in the form of a " recom mendation"—a recommendation no doubt in the last resort compulsive, but on which Synod has the right given it to express its opinion. I will only add that 1 trust there may always be between tbe Directors and the Synod a c^tdially good understanding. If tbe Directors wul only recognise the fact of our existence, and act in accordance with their own rules■ if they will believe, as I think they reasonably may, that the suggestions of persons having the most inti mate practical knowledge of the matters with which the Society has to deal may be worthy of their Berions consideration,.! think they will find no cause for apprehension of action on the part of Synod which can disconcert or inconve nience them. ENDOWMENT OF CHTTBCHE8. 16\. For the information of Synod I have caused to be prepared a statement showing the Churches actually endowed, the present annual income, and the sources from which tbe capital has been provided. This shows a total capital of £15,650, of which the Synod has contributed £2,018 15s., the Attorneys of S.P.G. £4,191 5s., the Church Endowment Society £4,240, whilst there has been raised by local effort in the several parishes £5,150. I suggest that this statement be printed along with the other documents in the Annual Beport of Synod. 17\. St. Barnabas's College.—Under this name the Bishop wishes to associate with the Cathe dral a theological college. He hopes to obtain a substantial grant from the S.P.O.K., and I shall be greatly surprised if his expectation of support from Churchmen in this Diocese shonld be disappointed. Tbe Bishop has said, " It is at once surprising and gratifying to me to be able to state that of 43 clergy licensed in this Diocese 20 have been admitted by myself to holy orders, nor are they the least efficient or lesst cultivated of the body." How true these words are we well know. It will be a great step gained if we can help tbe Bishop to supply our parishes with a native clergy, trained in a Church College where, while pursuing their studies with ardour, the Cathedral may contri bute another kind of association of lasting and salutary power over their future ministry. 18\. Bishop's Executive Council.—The Bishop has explained the importance he attaches to tbe establishment of a Council of Advice, to aid him in certain mattes s not falling directly within the province of the chapter—his council Jq things spiritual—or of the Standing Committee. Such a Council was nominated last year, the ■ Synod instructing the Standing Committee to co-operate with His Lordship in carrying out his design by electing two of its. members to serve on it. The Bishop has left with me a memorandum containing his views on this sub ject. He wishes tbe Council to assume a per manent character as one of the institutions of the Diocese, under the name of Bishop's Execu tive Council. The increase in the number of the clergy and the enlarged area of missionary vork tod sta tions ar« snch as to cause him to desire to be " assisted iu carrying on the ecclesi astical arrangements of the Diocese by a consultative and executive Council." The matters on which it would be asked to advise would concern "(1) the opening new missions; (2) the appointing clergymen to them; (3) the preparing measures for the con sideration of the Standing Committee or Synod; (4) the »lHng recommendations for the appro priation of funds to the Standing Committee or to Synod if in session, or to the Attorneys of the S.P.G., or to the Church of England Endow ment Society." As to the constitution of the body;. His Lordship proposes that it should consist of five members, viz.—1, the Vicar General £* ojjicio; 2 and 3, one Archdeacon and one Synodsman, both nominated by the Bishop; 4 and F, two members of Standing Committee, elected annually and eligible for re-election. The proceedings of the Council" should be re ported monthly to the Standing Committee." The Synod will perhaps express its opinion on this subject; and if it approve, delegate as in last session to the Standing Committee the election, of two lay members. I may mention that this " Council of Advice" has met regularly daring the year monthly, and that as a member of itl can express my opinion that it has a real utility. It would often save time to the Standing Committee by preparing . a careful statement of circumstances with which it is ashed to deal. And it is always open as a body to advise any member of .the Church as to the beet way of coming to the help of the Church \- in any direction.' The question I have to put to von, then, is—The Bishop having intimated his intention to form such a Gouncil, axe yon willing so for toco-operate with, him as to direct the Standing Committee to elect two members to serve.on it ? 19\. New Church Societies.—The Church of England Sunday-School Union, I rejoice tobeable to tell yon, is fairly established, and has already been the means of promoting a closer visible union between the clergy and Sunday-School teachers of our several parishes. The Church Temperance Society was established at a public meeting in the Town Hall, but its complete organization is delayed from want of funds. The present meeting of so many of the clergy and laity in Adelaide may afford an opportunity of conference on the best means of carrying out the organization of this Society. 20\. Acknowledgments and Thanks.—The Sev. C. L. Hutchins, Secretary to the House of Deputies, has forwarded the journal of the " Proceedings of the American P. E. Church Convention, together with the Constitution and Canons of the Church." In the absence of the Bishop I have acknowledged reoeipt of this volume, with thanks. Our thanks are also due the Melbourne Cbnrch Assembly for the " Sta tistics" of that diocese, in a pamphlet which I have just received. Both of these publications are instructive and suggestive. I have also to express my own thanks to our indefatigable Secretary, Mr. Anthony, for the great assistance he has rendered me on all occasions. It only remains for me, then, to say, in con clusion, that our Ohurch has been endeavouring, to the best of her power, to meet the growing demands of our people. We have had to under take this work with such means and appliances as we at present possess, not without a clear perception of a greater ideal good to be attaired when better means and instruments are within oar reach. The sense of deficiency most create the desire always to improve. It cannot be said, however, that our ecclesiastical polity and our system of Church administration have proved themselves ill adapted to the requirements of a country such as this, in spite of the absence of State support—in spite, too, of the difficulties incident to a constantly changing population. Whilst we learn from America that during the last year 20 Congregational ist ministers have sought ordination in the American Epis copal Church, attracted by the greater breadth of view ud freedom of thought to be enjoyed in that Communion, we find not a few amongst our own most active clergy and laity who, originally trained under other religions in fluences, have been attracted by peculiarities of our devotion, or of our Church system, or by some kindling of thought through our public teaching, and are now amongst our most zealous workers. With reference to the other religious bodies around as, I need not say that it is to us a source of deep regret that they are in separa tion from us; but the separation was not our act. Under such circumstances we can but culti vate towards them a friendly spirit, and, whilst seeking to learn from them and to emulate them in all that is good, often gladly act in con cert with them in philanthropic activity. If we are sometimes exposed to criticism which we think not quite charitable, yet I think on the whole the Church maintains as her characteristic temper, a benevolent forbearance, and disarms hostility by the power of a persistent and invincible goodwill. The greatest triumph of toleration is tolerance of the intolerant, and this triumph, if it please God. we. shall seek to achieve. TBEA8URHES AND AUDIT0R8. These officers were re-elected as follows: — Treasurers—Messrs. H. Datton and W. S. Douglas; Auditors—Messrs. J. H. Cunningham and H. D. Cruttenden. STANDING COinrrTTBH. j The following Committee were appointed for ' the ensuing year:—Clergy—Archdeacon Mar ryat, Eev. S. Green, Archdeacon Dove, Dean Russell, Revs. W. B. Andrews, Dr. Dendy, H. M. Follitt. Laity—Messrs. C. B, Young, W S. Douglas, Dr. Gosse, Messrs. H. S. Anthony, H. D. Cruttenden, Hon. N. Blyth, Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, W. D. Scott, N. Oldham, J. C. Bray, H. E. Downer, H. D. O'Halioran, G. W. Hswkes, W. Barlow. ELBCTION OF EBFBESENTATIVES TO 6KNEBAL STOOD. The mode of election recommended by the Standing Committee was adopted, and in accordance therewith representatives were elected as follows:—Dean Russell, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr, Revs. S. Green and B. T. Howell; emergency-men — Canon Dove, Rev. W. B. Andrews. Messrs. C. B. Young, H. E. Downer, G. W. Hawkes, N. Blyth, and J. Williams; emergency-men — Messrs. F. A. Grant and W. Barlow. EEPOBT OF STANDING COMMITTHB.—MATTERS BBFERBED BT STOOD. Representation of Disunited Parishes.— Regulation not fnndamental recommended:— "That in the event of the separation of any Churches or parishes which have hitherto been united or have formed part of a united parish it shall be necessary for the minister or Chairman of Vestry of such Church not later than 31st December in each year to address the Election Committee through the Secretary of Synod, and obtain their sanction to the full representation as a separate Church. The Election Committee if not fully satisfied may withhold its consent and refer the matter to the next meeting of Synod. B f| that no objections to the decision of the Election Committee can be entertained in Synod unless snch objections and their reasons shall have been forwarded to the Secretary within one month after the Election Committee's decision has been given, and unless formal notice of motion shall have been handed to the Secretary of Synod." Election of Representatives to General Synod. —A mode of election was recommended. Council of Advice.—Archdeacon Dove and Mr. C. B. Yenng had been elected to act on the Council. Cathedral Aid Fnnd.—The officers of this fond had not complied with the request of Synod to bring np a report of the state of the funds to Standing Committee. Assessment.—Estimated expenditure for en suing year at £260. Recommended assessment for ensuing year 8d. per sitting let, as per statis tical returns of 1876-7, amounting to £248 8s. 8d„ being same rate as for last three years. The assessment for the past year had been sufficient to cover expenditure and leave balance in hand of £61 14s. 8d. Recommended that in fntnre Churches which send no representatives to Synod, are not and have not been in Schedule A, or are not endowed, be assessed at the lowest rate, £1 Ss. The Churches for the present year were: — St. Albans, Gladstone ; St. James's, Jamestown; St. John's, Laura; St. John's, Maitland; St. Paul's, Port Pirie; St. Albans, Port Wakefield; St. Augustine's, Streaky Bay ; St. Augustine's, Virginia. Schedule C.—In accordance with resolution of Synod, limiting the time during which Churches should receive grant-in-aid, St. Mark's, Woodside, would he placed in Schedule C after June 30,1879, unless Synod should determine otherwise, but your Committee recommend that it be retained in Schedule A for three years additional, viz., till Jane 30,18S2. Table of Collections.—The following was a comparative statement of total amounts received and paid on behalf of the sources mentioned for the past two years: — Received— 1876-7 1877-8. Synodal Assessment £234 8 8 £242 19 0 Home Mission ... 204 16 11 222 4 11 Mission to the Heathen 136 10 9 160 12 0 Paid— Grants in aidof Clerical Incomes _ 399 14 0 483 0 4 The Committee noticed with pleasure that there was an increase in the offertories for the Home Mission and the Mission to the Heathen, and that the number of contributing Churches had also increased. Home Mission Fund.—They had again paid the grant in aid of clerical incomes at full scale, and would remind the clergy that no grant would be made until the annual collection for this fond had been made and paid in. Mission to the Heathen.—They had voted the whole of the funds placed at their disposal for the Melanesian Mission. Endowment of Churches.—Daring the past year the. endowment of St. Jade's, Port Elliot, had been completed, the parish subscribing £120 and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society contributing £180 (£800), bringing the total endowment of that chorch up to the maiimnm amount, via, £500. The Wardens of All Saints', Moonta, had applied for endowment, and the application had been approved. Schedule A (Churches receiving Aid).—The following Churches had been added to this schedule daring the past year:—St. Augustine's, Port Augusta; Holy Trinity, Melrose. Vacant Cores Endowment.—Eeceived £38 16s. 3d. from this source during the year. Balance in hand, £17 5s. lid. Absence of the Lord Bishop —On the 6th of March last the Lord Bishop left the diocese for England, to attend the Pan-Anglican Synod. The Bishop expressed his intention to return before the end of the year. Commissary.—The Lord Bishop had appointed the Vicar-General to act as his Commissary within the meaning of the Fundamental Provi sions and Regulations of Synod. Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society.—Correspond ence bad taken place during the year between the Standing Com mittee and the above Society respecting the in terpretation of Rule 7. The Late Secretary.—Upon the lamented death of Mr. Wicks teed the Committee sent an address of coLdolence to the bereaved widow, accompanied by a pecuniary testimonial amounting to £404 18s. 7d., raised by subscrip tion, to which many fellow-colonists contri buted, as a mark of affection and esteem for her late husband. Appointment of Secretary.—On May 16,1877, Mr. H. S. Anthony was unanimously appointed Secretary. BHPOBT BH PARISH BOUNDABIBS. The Standing Committee reported that while in some cases the boundaries of parishes had been defined by Synod according to Fundamen tal Provision No. 13, in the majority of districts they had been defined by the Bishop or by use. That there was no dispute in existence respect ing boundaries, and that the clergy were gene rally satisfied with present arrangements; only in a few instances, arising from peculiar cir cumstances, which might be dealt with seve rally, was there any wish for change. Under these circumstances, and considering the shift ing nature of the population, the Committee were of opinion that the preparation of a general map of the diocese, divided into parishes according to the instructions of Synod, was at present premature, and would cause an unne cessary and useless expenditure. They were of opinion that for all practical purposes it would be sufficient to deal with each district as the question of boundaries was raised, whether by the formation of a new parish or erection of a new church. The Committee suggested for consideration of Synod that it would be desi rable as a general principle to define the actus! boundaries of the parish proper, with the additional allocation to it of one or more districts of greater or less extent, over which the incumbent might exercise ministerial super vision, and in which he might discharge clerical fnnctions, though with a less degree of actual responsibility than in his parish proper. HfCOBPOBATBD CHURCH OF ENGLAND ENDOWMENT SOCIHTT. Estimated net income for the year, £1,000. Application of Fond—Votes to the Lord Bishop already made for passage-moneys of clergymen, £250; towards the stipends of incoming clergy men—half in 1878, £250; half in 1879, £250. -= £500 = £750. Balance, £250. Estimated amount that can be paid over to Synod during 1878 towards endowment of Churches, £500. CLERGY WIDOW AND ORPHAN FUND. The Committee are happy to be able to again report that all premiums are paid. One clergy man on leaving the diocese withdrew from the fond and £14 was paid to him, being 50 per cent, of the premiums which he had paid in, and the funds are consequently relieved from all liability in respect of him. Two clergymen had joined the fund. From this it will be seen that in the year 1875 the number of clergy subscribing to the fnnd was greater in proportion to the total number of clergy in the diocese than in any other year, and less in the year 1869. The total worth of the funds was £5,697 18s. 8d., of which £4,820 is invested on mortgage, yielding an income varying from 6 to 9 per cent.; £392 4s. 3d. is invested in land. The income for the year ending 30th June, 1877, was £663 6s. lOd., and the expenditure £177 16s. lid., leaving a net profit of £485 9s. lid. The Committee recommended that the annui tants each receive £40 per ATmnm in future, being an increase of £5. CLERGY ANNUITY FUND. The Standing Committee reported the suc cessful establishment of this fond under the authority given by last Synod. The net result of the operations for the 11 months ending 31st March, 1878, including Church collections and premiums, was £797 6s. 9d. The Capital Gua rantee Fund amounted to £667 14s. 5d., made up of the Cullen legacy voted to the fund by the last Synod, £413 5s. 5d., donations £72 2s. 6cL, and subscriptions £182 6s. 6dL The ex penses had been somewhat heavy; £33 for printing, postage and stationery was included, the greater portion of which being of a prelimi nary nature would not occur again. The number of clergy subscribing was 31 out of 43. the number licensed in the diocese. The Committee pointed out that the funds were not available for annuitants until the Capital Guarantee Fund reached £1,000, but they trusted that during the next year the appeals for assistance would meet with the same liberality which had characterized the responses to their first appeal, and that the requisite amount would be made up. On mortgage £750 was invested, yielding an income varying from 7 to 8 per cent.; £47 6s. 9d. was uninvested. MBLANBSIAN MISSION COMMITTEE. The Committee stated that the only satisfac tory thing they had to report was that certain Sunday-schools bad liberally responded to the appeal made to them by the Committee. They wished to make special mention of Holy Trinity, Adelaide, having contributed £30 Is. 6d., St. George's, Gawler, £10, and St. Peter's, Glenelg, £12 4s. 3d. The total amount received during the year was £288 16s., being an increase on last year ~ over £56. Still the Committee drew attention to the fact that the increased contri butions to this mission bore no proportion to the increasing wealth of the colony. They trusted that the Sev. R. H. Codrington might be enabled to carry out his intention of visiting this diocese at or about October. TBBOLOGICAL AND ECCLESIASTICAL LIBRARY. Receipts for past year, £11 0s. lOd.; balance from last year, £17 0s. lOd. Total, £28 Is. 8d. Expenditure, £9 2s. 3d., leaving balance in hand, £18 19s. 5d. Arrears of subscriptions, £4 14s. 6d. Present number of subscribers, 18. COMMITTEE OF APPEAL. The Bev. E. T. Howell, Messrs. H. E. Downer (Commissioner of Insolvency) and W. D. Scott were elected the Committee of Appeal. ASSESSORS. The following were elected the Committee of Assessors:—Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Farr, Canon Coombs, Bevs. Dr. Deudy. S. Green, and W. B. Andrews, Dr. Gosse, Hon. N. Blyth, Messrs. J. H. Cunningham, G. A. Connor, S. C. Pearson, and W. S. Douglas. CHURCH ADVOCATE. Mr. W. Barlow was appointed Church Advo cate for the next three years. THANKS TO THE V1CAB-GENBRAL. Mr. C. B. Young moved—"That the thanks of Synod are due to the Very Bev. the Vicar General for his valuable address and report, and that they, with the statistical returns, be printed in the report of Synod." He thought they might thank the Vicar-General for certain distinctions which he bad drawn in his address with reference to matters with which they were acquainted. With regard to the subject of Bitualism, he thought it was only the first phase and the one of which the Vicar-General had ex pressed approval which had appeared among it them—that was the making of their churches as beautiful as possible- He thought this was a development of Ritualism in which they had all ceased to see any objection. As regarded the other phase, he had never seen, so far, any de velopment of sacerdotal ritualism in the colouy, and therefore would say nothing on the subject. With regard to the second subject touched on in the address, that of modern unbelief, he thought they might venture to hope that not very much harm had after all happened in the world from the development of unbelief, because they might well consider that those who now expressed themselves so openly as unbelievers in the Christian religion if they had remained amongst them would not have been real friends, though they might be indebted to Professor Huxley and others of that school for having enunciated what they might consider right in the interests of science. He thought those who entertained atheistical or so-called rationalistic opinions might keep 'them more to themselves than they did, because, as the Dean had pointed out, no good could poasibly arise from th sir opinions, for while they were happy iu the dis .belief of those things whioh they* formerly believed to be true, they had nothing better to substitute in place of them; and he thought that, at any rate as regards young persons, these people might keep their opinions to themselves. With regard to the report which they.Jhad just heard read there was much in it to approve as well as much to regret. Seeing that so htany of the Church funds were in an excellent condi tion there did not seem to have been thai provi sion made for the stipends of the clergy that would be most desirable. With regard to St. Peter's College the Governors expected to do very much better in future. It was true that from some circumstances or other the attendance had fallen off, bat he thought the Board of Governors had come to the conclusion that having plenty of money they might make the College more attractive than hitherto by spending some of it in providing a gymnasium, and so on. With regard to the want of clergy men, he thought that was the subject of the greatest regret. The Areas were fast being settled, and they were losing people for the want of missionary effort. There required to be at least two travelling missionaries always about amongst this new population, and he trusted that the Committee would direct their energies towards getting fresh clergy for this and other work. .Mr. J. H. Cunningham seconded. Much as they might regret the absence of the Bishop they . must, congratulate themselves on the gentleman who acted as his locum tenens. The motion was carried. The Vicab-Gsnhbal said the consciousness of his own insufficiency to fill his important office had led him to bestow more attention and - pains on the collection of the necessary material for the composition of bis address and report. . He ventured to hope that those labours had not been entirely thrown away, and the expression of the approval of the Synod would be an encouragement to him in carrying ont the duties of his office. FORMAL MOTIONS. The customary formal motions—receiving and adopting reports and accounts and thanking the Committees, &c.;—were passed. It was resolved that the assessment of Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee. REPRESENTATION OF DISUNITED PARISHES. The regulation on this subject recommended by the Standing Committee was considered in Committee and verbally amended; bat the report on being brought np was rejected, the regula tion being considered too indefinite. ASSESSMENT OF CHURCHES. On the motion of the Rev. S. Green it was resolved—" That in future Churches which send no representatives to Synod, and which are not and have not been in Schedule A, or which are not endowed, be assessed at the lowest rate, £15s." ST. MARK'S, WOODSIDB. The recommendation of the Standing Com mittee with regard to this Church was adopted. THE CORPORATE 8EAL. It was decided " That Mr. H. S. Anthony's name be substituted for that of the late Mr. Frederic Wicksteed as one of the parties authorized to affix the corporate seal; also that, during the absence of the Lord Bishop, the Vicar- General have a like authority." ENDOWMENTS OF THE BEE. The Rev. S. Grbrn asked the Dean whether he knew the nature and value of the endow ments of the See, and whether he would lay the information before Synod. He said in the case of the Bishop's decease or retirement it would be very awkward fortius successor not to be in possession of this information. The Vicar-Genhrax said the custody of the endowments of the See was not among those things which had been committed to his charge. The Dean and Chapter had never been made acquainted with the nature of these endow ments, though they thought it exceedingly desirable that the information should be.given. The endowments had been managed by the Bishop through his own agent, who would not consider himself justified in giving the informa tion without the Bishop's permission. The only information he (the Dean) conld give was that which was given at the time of the Philadelphia Exhibition, when he had reason to know that an acconnt was furnished to the Australiaa Church man by authority here, in which it was stated that the income of the See was then about £1,200. The information was such that he was strongly of opinion Synod had a right to ask for from His Lordship, and he expressed the opinion that if they did ask for it His Lordship would be ready to give it. He would advise that they should communicate with the Bishop on the subject. In reply to Canon Farr he said the endowment was vested in the Dean and Chapter; but they knew nothing about it. (A laugh.) Ar opinion was expressed that it wonld be advisable to wait for the return of the Bishop before asking for the information, and the matter dropped. SOCIETY FOB PROMOTION OF CHRISTIAN KNOWLEDGE. The Rev. A. Sells moved and Mr. G. TV. Hawses, S.M., seconded—u That a Committee be appointed for the purpose of establishing a South Australian branch of the Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge." It was generally stated that in gratitude for what the Society had done for the Church in the colony the diocese should endeavour to afford it some pecuniary assistance. The motion was carried, and a Committee appointed as follows:—Arch deacon Dove, Bev. Dr. Dendy, Messrs. G. TV". Hawkes, F. A. Grant, and W. S. Douglas. CHT7BCH OF ENGLAND ENDOWMENT SOCIETY. Archdeacon Mabbyat moved—"That this Synod authorizes theStending Committee to act in its behalf in all matters connected with the Church of England Endowment Society, and requests that the Society will carry into effect Bole 7 of the said Society, which provides that the actual distribution and application of the net annual income shall be in the discretion of the Diocesan Synod,any right which the Society may have under the same rule being reserved." He referred to correspondence which had taken place between the Standing Committee and the Directors of the Society as to whether Synod was to have a voice in the distribution of the Society's funds, and argued that it was the intention of the originators of the Society that the endowment shonld be Under the control of the Synod, but that at present they had not sufficient knowledge of the proposed expendi ture of the endowment or the amount which was available. He mentioned that the income this year which they had for general purposes, exclusive of the Widow and Orphan Fund, pew rents, and endowments, was £4,665. The Bev. S. Grp.en seconded. He mentioned that when the fnnd was first established it was looked upon with suspicion because it was feared that it would be a Bishop's fund, which he could deal with at his own pleasure irrespec tive of Synod, and he (Mr. Green) expressed the opinion that it was very desirable that the fund should to some extent come, if not under the control, nnder the influence of Synod, and that they should have laid before them the manner in which it was proposed that the income of the fund should be expended. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, one of the Directors of the Society, said the Secretary had not taken the position he had without legal opinion. Until the Society had ascertained what their income was they could not say how much would be available for the purposes of the Church. He believed that as soon as the Secretary had the information he communicated it to the Secretary af Synod, and that the Directors were guided always by the recommendations of the Standing Committee in their expenditure of their funds. After some further discussion in support of the motion, Mr. H. E. Downer said he believed the Directors of the fund exercised functions which ought to be exercised by the Synod; and he even questioned whether, strictly speaking, they should not under the clause referred to hand over the funds to the Synod. The Vicab-Genbbal said he believed the real cause of discontent was the fear that as at all times the Bishop as President had the ear of the Directors of the Society, if he was disposed to recommend an application of the funds which the Synod might not approveof, he would have the power of making that application, which was clearly not the intention of the pro moters. Mr. Hawkes said the President had no more influence at the Board than the fair influence of a person who had a knowledge of what was best for the diocese. He was sure that the Directors would wish to act in harmony with Synod. The motion was carried. TOTAL ABSTINENCE LEAGUE. A communication was received from the Committee of this body stating that it hid been a source of pleasure to witness the inaugura tion of a Temperance Society nnder the auspices of the Church of England in the colony, and asking the Synod to devote a portion of their deliberations to the consideration of how far they could aid in the promotion of sobriety amongst the people and the protection of the Lord's Day from desecration by Sunday traffic. A Committee was appointed to preparj a reply. CLOSE OF TEE SESSION. It was decided that any business left incom plete by Synod be referred to the Stmdirg Committee, and the session closed at 10 minutes to 10 o'clock. 