goMM. rik of arol0mt; « A ROMANCE OF SPAIN IN THE / FIFTEENTH CENTURY. / W 1 CHAPTER Xf, — (Continued.) "rz A few hours later, and as he was meditating what to do, whether to depart as secretly and falsely as he had appeared, or to signalise his departure with some bold deed that should increase the fame of his Saracenic .name, Balbac learned that the intended bride of Count Scorda was his daughter, Lady Mazeenta, and that she was held a close prisoner in the Scorda palace. Then Balbac resolved to use the means and men he had in hand to rescue the maiden and slay the connt on the very platform on whioh Count Scorda intended his marriage should take place. In pursuance of this determination, and while moving through the streets in his litter at a very early hour of the morning, his litter was halted by Datna Boveda, as has been told ; aud thu?, by mere chance, was Lady Mazeenta placed in his hands ere time and occasion were lipe for the execution of his desperate scheme, which designed her rescue at a later hour. Quick to act, and confident of the ability of his first officer, whose Saracen name was Ah med Ali, te achieve the speedy withdrawal of the litter from the streets, and out of the in stant grasp of the count's small force of guards then accompanying it, and that Ahmed Ali would netify him when his attention might be needed outside the litter, Balbac placed himself at the maiden's side and conversed boldly with her as we have narra ted. Ahmed Ali, by a second change of course, made Baveral movements ere Dama Boveda became aware of it, increased the distance of the litter from the Scorda palace, and carried it nearer to the hitherto deserted palace in which Balbac had had his abode aud matured his plans Bince his arrival in Barcelona. When Dama Biveda observed in what street the litter was it was too late to rectify the supposed mistake without some loss of time. " See !" said the dame, who had been too busy in scolding the scoffiug guards to note the second change of route at an earliar moment. .-.nioon-j " See ! Now we shall have to pass the rear of the Torreda palace, and that of the haunted palaee also, before we arrive at the rear of the Scorda palace !" The palace called by Duma Boveda " the haunted palace," was correcsly named the Raymunda Palace — a family of that name having originally erected and owned the great edifice many years before the date of our story — and was the palace which had been hired by Balbac. This palace, and the spacious grounds around it, fronted upon the same great avenue upon which the Torreda and the Scorda palaces fronted, and was situated between the two. Therefore, had not Ahmed Ali made the second change of route, the litter, ere arriving at the rear entrance of the Raymunda palace grounds — the abode and lurking-place of Balbac — would have been obliged to be carried past the rear entrance of the Scorda palace grounds ; and Ahmed Ali knew that the count's guards would not permit the latter to be done without an immediate struggle with himself and the other attendants of the litter. An affray at the rear of the Scorda palace would probably cause aid for the count's guards to rush speedily, and in overwhelming numbers, from the Scorda premises, and therefore Bilbao's wily officer took a route by which tha litter should be carried to the tear entrance of the Raymunda palace grounds first. " True," said the sergeant of the guirds in reply to Dama Boveda, " the litter bearers have made a mistake. I did not observe when they did it. Your tongue, dame, has driven discipline and attention oat of my head, or I would have called out to those fellows not to pass Btreet El Bey. Bab it does not matter — it will not delay our arrvial at the Scorda palace ten minutes ; and I judge all goes well in the litter with the lady, since Signer Carretta, who is said to be a great physician, has not pub out his head to give a single command to the bearer since he entered the litter." ".That we do not know for sure," said the dame, " since the signor may have spoken from the front of his litter to its foremost bearers without our knowledge — and I noticed, several minutes ago, that one of those scarlet-coated fellows darted on in advance, and soon vanished from my sight." _ " That may be, dame, and only because the signor may have sent on ahead an order for some medicine, or something of the kind." As the dams had no suspicion that the pretended Florentine had an intention to capture her captive, she said no more at that moment. In truth, however, Ahmed Ali had dis patched one of his men to hasten to Balbac's palace — as we shall sometimes term tho Raytnunda palace — and give certain orders to persons who were there. We have just stated that Balbac's palace and its grounds stood between those of the Torreda and Scorda families. Because it thus stood, and because it had been deserted for many years, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of everal of the extinct Raymunda family, .B.bac had hired the shunned and lonely place ere he learned that the Torreda palace vas vacant — an emissary sent by him ere pis arrival in Barcelona having rented i from Count Soorda, who had recently set lp a doubtful claim to be sole heir to the ex act family. The roofs of the Scorda pak e on the side not adjacent to Balbac's palaci touched roofs and eaves of other buildingl; else Lady Mazeenta could nob have evada the pursuit of Dama Boveda as long as shedid; but the roofs of Balbac's palace were, n every side, several hundred feet distant rom those of its neighbours. 1 No other palace or dwelling n that popu lous and closely built up part o! the city had such extensive grounds beyom its founda tions as that of Bilbao's. Nearer fifty years had elapsed since the last of ths Raymundas had died ; and as the right to Ipn or build there was .doubtful, its trees and shrubbery and its gardens had assumed the appearance of a small forest and wilderness of vegetation in the midst of great and imposing edifices of stone, brick, and marble ; and from the centre of this small forest towered the ancient turrets, towers, battlements, and roofs of the Jong unoccupied Raymunda palace. The street that passed its rear wa3 narrow and dark, as the rear of palaces and rear walls of other buildings shaded this narrow street on the aide , opposite the rear of the Scorda, the Raymnnda, the Torreda, and other palaces, whose fronts were upon the great avenue, VThe Rambla," of which we have spoken. / The litter had entered this street when Ahmed Ali whispered through the curtains to Balbac': "If® ar® nearly at the Torreda palace." Baibac, peering out through the front curtains of his spacious litter, saw that the narrow street, for a great distance ahead, was neirly deserted — and, Indeed, save for domestic purposes, this street was seldomused, as it was more worthy of the name of alley Jhan street. / Its gloom, silence, and profound loneli ness, from end to end, till the litter and those about it appeared in this street, would, however, not have been so great had not all the inhabitants who usually passed through it, or in any way used it, been either in the greater and more pleasant streets, or prepar- j ing to go thither. "You have managed well — exceedingly well, Ahmed," said Balbac to his officer, who was now close to the front curtains and between his front poles or lifts. Balbac Bpoke in a low voice and in Arabic, His quick and keen glance had instantly recognised the locality and comprehended the plan conceived by his ready-witted and daring subordinate — who was, in truth, one of his most famous and faithful captains. Nor was there a man of his litter- bearers who was not, when at sea or on Moslem seas, a commander of a ship in the fleets of which Balbac was chief of all. Every man had been selected by Balbac for his courage, strength, skill, hatred of Christian powers, and for fidelity to himself. The guards of the count then near the litter, had their number been thrice as great, could not long have held their front against the attack of Balbac's seveu veteran renegade warriors — who were as reckless of their lives as they were of all Christian law. " By this time," replied Ahmed Ali, in the same guarded tone aud in the same language as his chief had used, " Haybad, whom I seut forward a few minutes ago, should have arrived at our abode and given certain orders' there." "What orders, comrade?" asked Balbac. " To have a score of our best men — I gave him their names ere I sent him — ambushed in the shrubbery near the gate, to sally forth in swift but silent attack when I sound my whistle." "Not a man, and certainly not the hag Boveda, must live to set speedy pursuit after us," said Balbac. " Have you provided against that danger ?' ' "I have," replied Ahmed Ali. "If the guards, now in our rear, do not draw nearer to us than they now are ere your litter is just at our gateway, we shall turn suddenly from the Btreet, pass through the gateway a few paces, and then halt. The guards, or the hag, will probably shout to us as we turn into the gateway, but we will not heed them until we shall be far enough within and beyond the gateway to permit the gate to be closed. The guards and the woman will follow U3 through the gateway and gather about the litter, and demand why wa have carried it there. Then I shall sound my whistle. Instantly our ambushed force will rush from cover, close the gate, and make speedy end of the hag and of every guard." "The scheme is excellent, and I think it will succeed, said Balbac. " If it succeeds we can quickly re- disguise my daughter, change our own garb, pass out into The Rambla miDgle with the crowds now there, send word to my followers now at the port, and be on the sea and far away ere Count Scorda shall discover that he has again lost his intended bride. But what if these guards close up and march on each side of my litter ere we reach our gateway ?' Ahm d Ali, a bill walking behind the front lifts of the litter, looked back ere he replied : " The one nearest to the litter is ten pacea from our rearmost bearer. The others are laughing and pointing at the woman, who is apparently railing at them. We have only about three hundred paces to go. I do nob think the guards will draw nearer to us before we reach the g t te way. " CHAPTER XII. COUNT SCORDA AND HIS CAPTIVE. Count Soorda stood upon the threshold of the turret-prison for a few moments, glancing about the place and at the chains and fetters of the captive. "Why should I have imagined, thought he, " even for an instant, that he might have escaped hence 1 Of the fidelity of the Death'sman and his deaf and dumb sous I am perfectly confident. Hercules himself, who founded Barcelona, they 6ay, could not break those fetters unaided 1 And who wishes, or could wish, to aid this man ? Who in all Barcelona suspects that be is the fainouB Christian hero. Lord Haralda, of the Grecian and Turkish Beas? Who suBpscts that he is not what I have proclaimed him to bs — an Infidel, urged by Moslem hate for so noted a batterer of the Moors a3 I am, to attempt my assassination in the midst of my body-guards ? No one. All Barcelona believes that he is a Mohammsdan zealot — an apostate or renegade Greek, or an Infidel assassin, who devoted and risked his own life to take that of Count Scorda." The count was deliberating how to make his presence known to the captive, when suddenly the latter faced about, and his eyes fell upon the disguised iutruder. Nob recognising the count in the monkish disguise, aud supposing that he was really a friar — for the count was careful to keep the cowl pulled down over his brows and buttoned across his face, leaving only his shadowed eyes visible — Lord Haralda ad vanced toward him as quickly as his heavy chain and shackles would allow, saying, in a pleased voice and excellent Spanish : " Hail, good father ! I thank Heaven that you are here I I pray you, good father, bestow your blessing upon me 1" And having advanced as near to the pretended priest aa the length of his chain would permit, Lord Haralda sank reveren tially upon his knees, as became one of his religious faith. "What.!" exclaimed the count, in well- simulated surprise. " Do you ask the bless ing of a Christian priest ? You 1— an Infidel 1 —a follower of the accursed Mohammed, the' false prophet !" "Who says so of me?" exclaimed Lord Haralda, rising indignantly. " All Barcelona says ' so, Infidel ! All Barcelona, from her first lord to her meanest beggar!" replied the count. "What! Has it been kept eoacealed by that perjured knight aud noble, Ramas del Scorda — my rival in fame as well as in love- that the man who struck him down in the midst of his guards — that I am Haralda Kalliston, Haralda the Greek 1 Haralda, the dread of the Turks 1" " No rumour to that effect is abroad in Barcelona," replied the count, coldly. " Why should there be, whenj Count Scorda, all powerful in Barcelona, First Lord and' Chief Judge of the city, declares that you are a Moslem zealot, by name Haybad, a follower of Balbac the Saracen— " " Count Scorda lies, holy father 1 I am not the _ apostate Haybad 1" exclaimed Lord Haralda. " When I am taken before those of Barcelona who are to try me for my rash attack upon Count Scorda in the streets — I admit it was a most raBh deed, since it failed to smite the villain dead and has left me as I am— when I shall be tried it wiU be readily proved that I am Haralda the Greek, the Christian foe of all the Infidels in the world ! Haybad, indeed 1 There are at least a score of nobles and hundreds of sailors in Barcelona who will not fail to recognise my face— ay, even my voice. And once before the tribunal, I will show such just cause for my attack upon the villain Scorda that every true-hearted knight and knave in Barcelona shall shout, 'Out upon Ramas del Seorda 1 Let every honest hand hurl a stone at him ! Kill the perjured robber 1" Nay, father, I have heard of the fierce temper of the people of Barcelona when their fury is aroused. I shall appeal to the people of Barcelona, and to her nobles, for justice tome — for vengeance upon Rani as del Scorda — " " Peace 1 you are to have no trial," Baid the count, his voice still well disguised, but trembliDg with rage. " What need of trial for a wretch who tried to assassinate Barce lona's First Lord in the open day — in the presence of fifty men? Count Scorda is absolute ruler in Barcelona. There are some who Bay it will not be long ere the count shall be King of Catalonia and the four provinces, Barcelona, Lerida, Gerona and Tarragona. "With suoh power and ambition who will dare ask by what right Count Scorda condemns, unheard by any tribunal, the infidel zealot. Haybad, who was seen by fifty men to stab at the heart of the count? Already are you condemned, and a day for your death by fire appointed." "Ha! I am to be burned to death; and under charge that I am Haybad !" " Such is the doom decreed to you by the all-powerful ruler of Barcelona. The people shout : ' Death to Haybad !'" " Even as I am led to the stake, even as I pass through the streets of Barcelona, I will shout that I am Haralda the Greek 1" Did that avail you when you were attacked by the count and left for dead, Infidel ?" "Nay, father) call me nob Infidel. By the cross, which I revere as fervently, if not as holily, as you, father, I am a Christian, and ihe son of a Christian ; mother. See — here on my bosom," exclaimed Lord Haralda, pulling apart his Greek jacket so as to reveal his naked breast to the gaze of the pretended friar — " see — here is tattooed upon my breast the Bymbol of the faith of my parents — a cross. It was imprinted upon my bosom when Ijwas a child, and by my father's hand, as I have been told. So, think not, holy friar, that I am or ever was a believer in the false prophet of the Infidels." " I must still think you are but an Infidel apostate — for so Count Scorda has proclaimed. I came here to announce your doom to you, and to see if the nearness of the awful death that is fast approaching you " " They shall know that I am Lord Haralda ! Haralda the Greek 1" exclaimed the captive, with some fierceness, aB he shook his manacles indignantly, and not waiting for the pre tended priest to conclude what he was about to say. " In the streets — on the scaffold, will I declare that lam Haralda the Greek." " You will be securely and forever gagged, miserable man, before you are led from this dungeon," said the count, who felt a ferocious pleasure in thus threatening his helpless captive. " By heaven, I will declare who I am to those who are sent to gag me ! The truth will Bome day be known, and the well-known rivalry that exists between me and Count Scorda will go to prove what I shall assert to those who may be sent to gag me in this—" " Deaf mutes," said the count, interrupting Lord Haralda. " To the two mutes will be assigned the duty to gag you ere you be delivered to the hands of their father, Volta, the Death'sman of Barcelona. They are deaf even to thunder." " I had forgotten them," said Lord Haralda, with something like sudden despair in his face and voice. " Death has no terrors for me good father — though the voice and power of my enemy prevails against me in your mind, I will still call you as my faith has taught me to call all who wear your sacred garb, good father — death has no terrors to me. A thousand times in battle and storm and pesti lence I have faced death with a smile upon my lip3. From my childhood up, kind father, I have braved death in a thousand shapes. Why should I fear death now — when the light of my soul as a living man has been extinguished by Count Scorda ? Was it not enough for his. hate, malice and envy when he robbed me of my intended bride, even before the hsly altar of the priest- hermit, Alpa ! Not death do I fear — but I wish not to die as an Infidel in the Bight of Christian people. Nor will I. Though I be gagged, there are those in Barcelona who will, at least, suspect who lam—" " Not so. Were even your father, or mother, or brother — if you have Buch kindred — present, and so near to you that by Btretching forth an arm your shoulder could be touched, still would you pass on to your doom of flame andinfamy unrecognised by all as a kinsman, Haybad. Your hair is to be shorn to the soalp, your faoe is to be shaved and painted with blackest pitch, your farm is to be gat bed in the shapeleis and shape- concealing death robe. S uch are the com mauds of Count Scorda, and you may be sure that they will be executed to the very letter. CaBt aside all hope, Haybad." Lord Haralda'i noble face, pale from all he had undergone since Lady Mazeenta was torn from him, grew paler as the disguised count spoke as above. " When am I to die ?" he asked, after a pause. " To-day." " To-day 1" "Yes — »t some hour between midday and sunset. The hour first appointed was the hour of noon ; but for ccrtaiu reasons known to Count Scorda, the fagots which are to consume you to ashes may not be fired so soon." " Where am I to die, good father ?" asked Lord Haralda, with the wild light of despair in his eyes. j" You were gazing from yonder window as I opened the door, Haybad. There is as iron chair upon one of those floating platforms. In that chair you are to be chained and i burned to ashes." " Great Heaven deliverme ! ButI saw two floating platforms, good father." ' " On the other, just before Yolta fires the fagots beneath your chair of death and torture, Count Scorda is to be wedded to Lady Mazeenta — " "Ha 1 . To Lady Mazeenta ! Count Scorda is to be wedded to my betrothed 1— the thrice accursed villain:! Ah ! a thousand times rather could I wish that she were dead — as I have believed she was till this instant ! Mazeenta! Hapless Mazeenta 1" Life of my heart and sonl ! God help thee, poor Mazeenta!" groaned Lord Haralda, as he sank again upon his knees, and covered his face with his hands. Count Scorda, secure in his disguise, glared 6xultingly upon his helpless captive, and said in his heart : " So — I have forced him to his knees in his agony of soull : This great hero, Lord Haralda. Haralda the Greek 1— whose ever increasing fame in the Grecian seas had begun to make my glory in Moorish and Christian seas grow dim and pale in com parison with his ! Haralda, whom I hated ere I learned that he was beloved by Lady Mazeenta!" " Good father," Baid Lord Haralda, remov ing his hands and looking up into the Shadowed eyes of the count — who was not more than thkee feet beyond his reach had Lord Haralda desired to attempt to reach him — does not all this prove to you that Count Scorda knows 1 am Haralda the Greek — his rival in fame and in love ? Does it not prove to you, now that I have declared to you tuat I am Haralda the Greek, that Count Scorda is doing all he can — using every precaution — to prevent everyone in Barcelona from suspecting that I am Lord Haralda ?" " If such fear was his, Haybad, would he not have had you strangled long since? Would he not have had you slain in the streets by his guards when you lay senseless — 3mitten nearly dead by his mace-bearer ?" ' 1 What has he told to you, father, of me ? Of his so-called infidel zealot captive?" asked Lord Haralda. " This, Haybad. That he recognised you, as yon struck him, as the same Infidel who had won the heart of Balbac's daughter under the pretence that you, a renegade. Greek, were the noble Christian (hero, Lord Haralda. That Lady Mazeenta, believing you to be Lord Haralda, aud being herself a Christian, and the daughter of a Christian woman, loved you — for the time—" "Ah — 'for the time!"' repeated Lord Haralda. " ' For the time ?' " " For the time— for she loves you no longer, Shaving learned, since you and she were separated, that you are not Haralda the Greek, but Haybad, a renegade and apostate Greek — " " Count Scorda lies ! I would the false- tongued villain were here that my tongue oould curse him, ere that tongue be fettered by hia vile mutes." " Listen to what I say, Haybad. The count says and will say to tha world, if to speak of the affair to the world eTer becomes necessary, that you deceived Lady Mazeenta into the belief that you were Haralda the Greek, and having lost her and a certain treasure, and being rendered desperate thereby, you attempted to assassinate him in the streets of Barcelona — for your own vengeance and to be praised by the Moslems, for whom you forsook the faith of the Greeks." " And you, good father — having seen me, having heard me speak, and knowing all the care that he is at to hide my faG8, and even the sound of my voice, from the people of Barcelona, still believe his words ?" (To be Coutinued.) 