VICTORIAN MEMS. On Monday (writes the Mercury) the Sarah brought 241 baskets of fish from the Lakes, the Tanjil 81, and the Lady of the Lake 100 baskets. A posthumous poem ot Stitt Jenkins, entitled "When I'm gone," is about to be published, in which he expresses his desire that no sculptured stone should mark his last resting-place. At the instance of Mr. Dixon, the Minister of Railways has consented to set aside 20 miles of the land inside the fences of the Melbourne and Geelong railway for the growth of the wattle tree. The Land Act Report for 1877 was laid on the table of the Assembly on Tuesday. The total selection for the year amounted to 1,113,266 acres, which has only been exceeded in extent once before. The Ballaral Courier was shown on Monday by Mr. Bartlett an excellent sample of ripe strawberries grown by him at Little Bendigo. Such luxuries are certainly uncommon at this season of the year. Mr. W. M. K. Vale, a well-known Victorian politician, will shortly return to the colony, probably possessed of the privileges attached to being a member of one of the Inns of Court. It is stated that he purposes residing in North Fitzroy. eo that the seat now held by Mr. M'Gregor will probably fall to his lot. The Melbourne, Geelong, and Ballarat elocu- tionary lectureship offered to Mr. T. P. Hill by the Minister of Public Instruction on the 1s, August has been accepted by that gentleman Mr. Hill has not yet entered upon the performance of his duties, but will do so immediately he has recovered from his recent illness. We learn from tbe Gippaland Mercury that Bi Rev. G. W. Watson, formerly of St. John's CrtMiere Hill, was installed W.M. of the Gipps- Sd Lodge 1132, E.O., by Br W. Little, P.k The proceedings were followed by a banquet, at which there was a numerous attendance of the craft. An enlarged full-length portrait of Miss Carmijhael, from the photographic establishment of Mr. Bardwell, is on view at Mr, Glen's music warehouse, where it excites attention not merely / in account of the interest which is felt in the subject of the picture, but on account of the large f scale upon which it is executed, while the general \iffect of the work is that of a flue mezzotint engraving. A pedestrian match is likely to be arranged (says the Geelong Advcrtiner) between Martin of Geelong, and Alison, of Sandhurst. The stakes are to be £100 a side, and the whole of the arranuements have been made, with the exception of fixiag the distances. Allsop has the reputation oi being the fastest quarter of a mile runner in the colony, and Martin's capabilities at this distance are well known. Tbe Rev. Dr. Beamish has now received from the Bishop of Ballarat the formal instrument constituting the Archdeaconry of Warrnambool and appointing him the first Archdeacon. The district over which the Venerable Archdeacon Beamish will now fulfil archidiaconal duties extends to Colac, Birregurra, Crcssv, Lismore Darlington, Wickcliffe, Caramut, Hawkesdale! and Vainbuk, and includes all the places situated within this half-circle. One of the truant inspectors for a district not 100 miles from Geelong will hare a difficult matter to settle. Last time he visited the locality notice was given that the daughter of a farmer had not attended school regularly, and that the arcnt would be summoned. Since then the girl Eas entered the holy bonds of matrimony, although not yet 15 years old. Under the circumstances, no doubt, no further action will be taken by tbe inspector. " The proverbial * nine lives of a cat' has been exemplified before now, but this time a dog can equally be classed with the feline quadruped. Mr. Roche, of Haddon, on three different occasions essaved to hang a dog, and each time left k for dead, after hanging on the bough ot a tree for some time. On being cut down for decent sepulture it showed signs of animation, and wagging its tail bolted as straight as possible for home. Mr. Roche will not now part with the dog, as he thinks it' unnatural.'" A frolicsome ghost is reported to be amusing himself in the Duke mine (writes the Maryborough Advertiser) by destroying the workmen's clothes. The account is that one of the miners being startled by a mysterious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when his coat by some unaccountable means became split up the back from top to bottom. The victim ie very confident as to the supernatural origin of the occurrence. Mr. Casey has just received a communication to the effect that the potter's clay exhibited at Paris from the Ballarat and Bendigo Freehold Company's ground has been very favorably reported upon, and that both the French and "American manufacturers are making enquiries as to the quantity that could be supplied, and also the cost at which it could be placed on board ship in Melbourne. Full particulars, it is promised, vill be forwarded by the next mail. The machinery at the newly-established Paper Mill at Fyansford was started on Friday last, and a quantity ot brown wrapping-paper was manufactured from old sugar-bags, rope, etc., no rags being used. The paper was found to be coarse, the cause arising from some of the machinery requiring a little adjusting. On Saturday a splen did sample of paper was turned out, the web bein^ 74 inches in width ; but the machinery, which worked smoothly and gave the utmost satisfaction to the manager of the mill, is capable of carrying an 84-inch web. The Australasian Turf Register for the racing season of 1877-78 has been issued from the press. It contains a record of the past season's racing, which has been very carefully compiled. In addition to the tables containing the winners of the principal English and colonial races, the entries lor coming events, aud V.R.C. rules and standard weights for age, the work includes the A.J.C weights for age, the register of racing colours, and the rules of the Victorian Tattersall's. The Turf Register will be found extremely useful to all those who take an interest in horse racing The " liberal" party would do well to ponder over tbe following observations which we extract from the Church of England Messenger :—" The threat is becoiniug a familiar argument in our parliamentary debates. Its introduction marks the point at which democracy begins to alter its course and take an upward slant towards despot- ism. Government by majorities is a necessary element of free institutions ; but government by a permanent majority has a tendency to degenerate into government by menace, and that is incompatible with the liberty of the State or the rights of the citizens." The intercolonial sculling race which has been on the tapis for some few weeks past between E. Jjtiycock, a sculler of well- known ability in New south Wales, and C. A. Messenger, champion of ', > has nt length been definitelv arranged, articles l a of agreement for a match for .£200 having oeen signed on Friday last in Sydney. The event f ""to place on the Parrainatta River, over the «pue 1 0 course as rowed by Trickett and Rush for iue championship of the world—a distance of a kil , e m i l e s a n d a half. Saturday, the 14th & ) ? ' race. fm^A^hief h a Secretary 8 b o u fixed has l o 1 received t h e a telegram irom the agent-general with regard to the application mode by the Australian Government to the "unerial authorities, that no change should be m the postal arrangements until the termi- nation of the existing contracts. Some dolay at first occurred through Mr. Forster not being aware that he was to support the request, but this mistake has been rectified, and a joint memorandum has been sent in. The reply of the British Government is not decisive, but intimates that the matter will be kept open until full communications can be received from Australia. A despatch will leave by the outgoing mail. The appointment of a commission for the management of the forthcoming International Exhibition at Melbourne is now attracting attention. Messrs. J. J. Casey and Munro had an interview with the Chiet Secretary on Monday, and a list of names was gone over, but so far a definite selection has not been made. One difficulty is the selection of a president, upon whose shoulders a great deal of responsibility will rest. Messrs. Casey, Munro, and Sir G. Verdon have been mentioned in turn, but the two first-named gentlemen do not see their way to accept the honour. An early choice will have to be made, as the time for active work has already arrived. A new system has sprung up in the Asembly under the regime of the present Speaker. Hon. members speak by the card. The whip canvasses the various members, and arranges the order in which the speeches shall be delivered, and the names are handed in to the Speaker, whose eye is not caught by the spontaneous rising of debaters, but by the names on a card of nominated speakers. Several members (says the Age) object to this system, and urge that it is subversive of the first principles of debate, and calculated to reduce discussion to the delivery of a series of long-winded essays devoid of life and spontaneity. Sir C. Gavan Duffy has presented to the Public Library, the Parliamentary Library, and the library of the St. Patrick's Society, a copy of the O'Connell Centenary Record, a beautifully illustrated and handsomely got up volume, published by the Dublin committee. The work gives particulars of the celebration all over the world in commemoration of the centenary of the Liberator. It also contains an outline skctch of the history of Ireland, a memoir of O'Connell, and a number of illustrations, including portraits of the leading Irishmen present at the Dublin celebration. A few copies of the work were sent to Sir C. G. Duffy for distribution, and he has allotted thein as stated. During a late inquest at the Alma (savs the Maryborough Advertiser), Constable Coffey did rather a smart bit of professional business. Wishing to obtain twelve of her Majesty's faithful subjects to act ou tbe enquiry, he went to a claim in tbe vicinity, where a number of men were supposed to be working; however, nobody but a man driving a whim horse was to be seen. The constable was told the men were all away from the claim, but, being rather doubtful as to the accuracy of this information, he blandly requested that he should be lowered down the shaft. This was accordingly done, and on touching bottom, the knowing Coffey triumphantly bagged "in the name of the Queen," six stalwart miners artfully " planted " in the drive. A newly-born female infant was discovered on Friday night, by a youth named James Evans, lying on the grass off one of the pathways in Carlton-gardens. Evans was walking through the gardens about 10 o'clock, when his attention was attracted by the cries of an infant, and on going to the place from whence the cries proceeded, he found the child wrapped up in a piece of flannel and a plaid shawl. The youth carried the infant home to his mother, who found that the child had only recently been born. Mrs. Evans, who has a large family of her own, brought the infant before the City Bench on Saturday morning, and Mr. Panton, P.M., remanded the foundling for a week in order that inquiries might be made in the matter. A Melbourne correspondent says :—" I hear that the vinegrowers in the Geelong district are somewhat agitated as to the distribution of the recoupe to be granted to them for the loss they have sustained in consequence of the action taken to root out the phylloxera disease. They have unfortunately fallen into a misapprehension in accepting the awards recommended by the inspectors, and recently published in a morning paper, as the final decision of the Government. I am in a position to 6tate that the Government have not as j'et decided the matter. The- recommendations of the inspectors, which were inadvertently published, should have been regarded as confidential, and the whole question has yet to come under tbe review of the Cabinet, who are likely to make some important modifications in the recommendations made." The shareholders of the North-western Canal Company met at their office last Monday night. Considerable discussion arose as to the present survey. It was elicited that the funds had been raised chiefly from gentlemen who were not shareholders, but who were desirous of getting the opinion of trustworthy engineers as to the nacticability of the schemc. "The list of Melbourne shareholders was promised to be handed to tbe chairman on Wednesday. These shareholders will be called upon by the Finance Committee for contributions to complete the survey. Mr. M'Coll was instructed to get from Mr. Davidson, the engineer, tracings of the survey made of Portland harbor, and the secoud outlet of the canul at the Glenelg, where the possession pegs were placed. Mr. W. A. Crouch informs the Border Watch that a party of blacks employed by him to hunt wild dogs on his property iii Gambier East got upon the track of n well-known slut a few days ago. They followed it up till they discovered her with five pups in a thick bit of scrub in the southwest corner of Ardno Station. The mother succeeded in escaping, but the five pups were destroyed. Mr, Crouch says his people have made several attempt^ to capture this same dog, but she always evaded her pursuers. She is a costly visitor to his Btation, and he-has evidence that she bas killed no lesB than 70 of his sheep this season. The blacks have been paid a reward of 103. a head for (killing the pups by the Stock Protection Association. Would it not be well for the settlers interested to follow Mr. Crouch's example, and et the blacks to hunt down the sheep-killing Sogs? It is said white men have no chance of doing any good in the localities where the dingo takes up his quarters on the Border. At the City Court on Saturday morning a man named George Brown, about 30 yeare of age, was proceeded against on a charge of indecently assaulting a girl under 10 years of age, named Mary Jane Dawson. From tbe child's evidence it appeared that the prisoner accosted her in the Carlton-gardens on Friday afternoon, and, under promise of some pence, decoyed her behind a clump of bushes, and then committed the alleged offence. Senior-constable Hart and another constable in plain clothes met the child shortly afterwards, and from what she told them the constables accused the man of having committed the offence, aud arrested him. On his way to the city watchhouse, Brown made a rambling statement in which he denied his guilt. The evidence of Mr. Charles Scott, resident physician at the Melbourne Hospital, who had examined the child, conclusively proved that she had been tampered with. The Bench considered that the charge had been sustained, and committed the prisoner for trial at the Central Criminal Court. At the Spencer-street railway terminus a useful novelty has recently been introduced. To dwellers in the west end of the city, the. almost continual ear-piercing screaming and whistling of arriving engines has long been a source of great annoyance, but now this nuisance is reduced to comparatively small dimensions. The approach of trains is intimated by means of an electric bell on the platform, operated from the distance signal- station. One stroke on the bell announces a Williamstown train, two an Essendon train, three a main line train, and so on, and when these intimations are received the station officers know at what point their services are required. From the platform the message is " returned " to the signal-box, and the man in charge may know it has arrived all right. The platform bell is operated by means of a weight ot about 30lb., which in descending through a space of 16ft. or 18ft., operates the bell for about three days, when it has again to be wound up. Electric currents set the clockwork in motion. The arrangement is ingenious aud convenient. Mr. Berry was applied to on Tuesday by the directors of the Universal Continuous "Railway Break Compay to purchase Woods' break for adoption upon the Victorian railways. The report of Messrs. Zeal and A. K. Smith, who had been employed by the compauv to report upon the break, was presented. These gentlemen considered that Woods' break was in many respects superior to the Wcstiughouse, that the break was second to none in efficiency, and cheaper to con struct than those at present used on British rail ways. Mr. Bent was eloquent over the advantages of the break, but Mr. Berry declined to be hurried into making any hasty promise. He declared that it was his duty to protect the country, and that he would not be influenced by the fact that the Commissioner of Railways was interested in the matter. He was pleasantly facetious over the anomaly of his colleague having the brains to produce an invention of the kind. He also suggested that the state, having provided the means for the preliminary testing of the invention, should be considered as a partner, aud should be allowed the use of the invention free of cost, a proposition which was regarded by all as an admirable joke. Returning to tbe more serious portion of the business. Mr. Berry told the directors to 6cnd in a written offer, which should be subject to full and free discussion, and could then be dealt with. A question of precedence has arisen in reference to the Victorian Queen's counsel and an English serjeant-at-law. When the Victorian bar was first formed, its members consisted of barristers called in England and Ireland and of Scotch advocates, and the practice was to give precedence in the order of seniority of admission in auy of the three Kingdoms, irrespective of the time when the call to the Victorian bar was made. In 1863 the first Queen'6 counsel were appointed for this country, and they, of course, had precedence over all other members of the bar. In England all Queen's counsel take precedence over serjeants-atlaw, unless such serjeauts as have patents of precedence. In the case just tried of The Queen v. Stevenson, two Victorian Queen's counsel lately appointed, Messrs, Billing and Trench, had received brief's, so also had Mr. Serjeant Sleigh. A consultation was lately fixed to be held at Mr. Billing's chambers, on which the learned Serjeant fired up, and claimed that he was senior, and that it should be held in his rooms. It required all the tact of tbe Attorney-General to keep things pleasant for the time, and though that difficulty passed over, the quest ion ol precedence still remained unsettled. It is contended against the serjeant's claims that he was not admitted to this bar as a member of Serjeant's Inn, but as a barrister of the Middle-temple ; that our Courts can only take cognisance of him as in the latter capacity ; that the writ appointing him Serjeant in England has no efhcacy in this country, any more than it ha6 in Ireland or Scotland ; that the title of serjeant, so far as this country is concerned, is only one of social courtesy, giving no barristerial precedence j and that, therefore, even were Mr. Billing not a Q.C., he would still rank before him, as his call at home was prior to Mr. Sleigh's. But it is also contended that the patent of Queen's counsel iu this country takes precedence over a serjeant, in the same way as it does at home. On the other side, it is contended that the rank of serjeaut, being an English title, is superior to any colonial one. The point for the present remains undecided, aud was not put to a practical test iu the Stevenson case, as the serjeant only looked into the court for a few minutes, Mr. Billing did not examine the first witness, and Mr. Trench did not put in an appearance. It is understood that the matter has been referred to the judges. The game dispute occurred Borne months ago between Mr. Serjeant Sleigh and another barrister who was called before him, but ou that occasion, at the request of the client, the serjeant was allowed to lead. [The Silling] Mr. h a S 8 U 1 C e b e e n d e c i d e d i n f a v o r 