A GHOST STOKY. The Moama correspondent of tho Riverine Herald sends tho following particulars of a ghostly sensation near the oordor town:— 44 About ten miles from Moama, ou the cast side of the line, stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and burk-riugurs. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knock* ingH on the irou roof, and that upon getting up tbey saw the figure of a woman, when one amcng their number put the question,' What do you want, Missus f to this the llguro replied that &ho; had been muidered near that epot, and that tbs bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of the hut, whore they were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan the bushranger. One of the party, who possessed a whip, made a strike at the figure, which did not move. The following day the news spread, and tho next night a large party assembled when the anparition again made its appearance, and the whole of the persons swear most dis tinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and nothing can induce them to think other wise. Last night a detachment of the Moama police, under the command of sergeant Vaughan, went out to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt if any person had been playing larks he would hare received a little cold lead. Upon tho return of one of the police this morning, I ascertained that while in the house last night a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon tho party rushed out of the house but could see nothing. The noise was repeated several times, and many of the party, amongst j whom were men supposed to be possessed of ; courage, seemed very glad ou the approach of j the grey dawn. The mystery, however, re-! mains the same, and anothor party is to be ! organised, who, together with the police, intend to go out again to try and clear up the mystery. ; The men who were living in the but havo left it to the ghost, and gone and capped near & j dam. It seems remarkable that thirty men ; should become alarmed, and positively aver I that there is something in it." I 