THEATRE ROYAL. It lias often been said that Shakspeamn dramas act themselves, and it is certainly trua that the language of his plays, particularly in snch a masternieca as ' Hamlft' rnmm^nAi itaeli to any person ot intelligence, no matter by -whom spoken; bat it is needless to say that even Shakspeare is the better for being well placed upon the stage. It was with feelings of great misgiving that we attended at the Theatre Eoyal on 'Wednesday night to witness the Darrell company essay to present the greatest tragedy extant. The result showed the feeling was doc altogether unfounded, for as a whole it cannot be said that the performance of 'Hamlet* was an unqualified success, though several of the leading parts were presented in a manner greatly superior to what might have been, and evidently was, expected, judging by the thin house which assembled' to see the repre sentation. Though Mr. Darrell's impersonation of the melancholy Prince contains many points of real merit we question much whether it was expedient for the management to place upon the , boards a play which It must be evident to all who have attended the theatre during the season was above the capability of the company as a whole to do justice to, simply to give the leading actor an opportunity of presenting his reading of this most difficult role. Having said this much, it is now only fair to add that Mr. Darrell's Hamlet was considerably better than we had at all expected. Is has evidently in the main been modelled on that of his old patron, the well-known Walter Montgomery, and is an intelligent conception fairly carried out, and evidencing considerable study and care ful attentian to detail. As might be supposed, seeing that Mr. DarreU's true line is light comedy, his tragedy lacks depth, although at times he exhibited both passion and earnestness, as notably in the play scene, and also in the closet scene. In the former Hamlet's ecstasy of ungovernable excitement on perceiving the proofs of his uncle's guilt in his face was well \- displayed, and evoked a hearty round of applause, and in the latter the wildness of the Prince's demeanour, caused by the overstrung state of his nerves, was excellently portrayed, and deserved the recall which greeted his repre sentation when the act-drop descended. The scene with Ophelia, another test act, was also creditably got through, and on the whole the impersonation was one which will not detract from Mr. Darrell's reputation as an actor. There is, however, one thing more which we would suggest to him, and that is that in future ap pearances as the pensive scholarly Hamlet he would do well to spare the rouge which he ap plies so liberally to his cheeks, and which is often a trine too apparent in lighter parts, but is more palpably undesirable in Hamlet. An apology was mode for the non-appearance of Mrs. Darrell, who was 'billed' for Ophelia, but who was unable to take her part owing to a sudden indisposition. This gave Miss Maggie Knight an opportunity to display her ability in that trying part. Although she had to take it up at the eleventh hour, she acquitted herself most creditably. The mad scene especially was a really artistic piece of acting, duly appreciated by the audience, as was evidenced by the cordial burst of cheering which greeted the young actress at her exit. The Queen Gertrude of Miss Carry George was also deserving of high praise. It in many respects reminded us of that of Mrs. Steele. This Miss George may take as a compliment, for we consider Mrs. Steele to be the best ex ponent of Shaksperian female parts who has appeared on the colonial stage for many yeirs. In the closet scene Miss George's acting i specially commended itself to those who wic nessed her earnestness and the artistically simulated terror of the guilty Queen. t Sir. Martin, although not as perfect in the text as was desirable, made a good impression as Polonius, whom he caused to appear a garrulous bat dignified old gentleman, and not simply an absurd buffoon, aa is too often done. Mr. Martin has taken a long stride forward in his profession since he last visited Adelaide. Mr. Holloway's tall figure and deep resonant voice made him well adapted to impersonate the ghost, which he did in a manner that secured him a recall. Mr. Reynolds warmed up considerably ia the latter acts as Laertes, and also with credit to himself doubled this role with that of the first actor. Mr. Gladstone struggled against odds in attempt ing to impersonate Horatio, whom he certainly made to look 'more an ancient Roman than a Dane' by the absurd green toga like drapery in which he thought prope to envelop his manly form. Mr. Forde delivered the lines of the second actor, and also those of the second gravedigger with a pronounced ?? Eyetalian' accent, which iu the former part, at least, was a little incongruous. Mr. Owen presented the first good man delver amusingly, and the remaining dramatis persona were repre sented by Mr. Lawrence as the King, Mr. Ferres as Bosencranz, Mr. Medus as GuildensteinyAIr. Franks as Marcellus, Mr. Thompson as Berjurdby Miss Graham as Osric, Mr. James as the priest, and Miss Hathaway as the player Queen. This evening 'East Lynne' will be again produced, and will doubtless draw a good house, as the piece is a favourite and both Mr. and Mrs. Darrell are particularly successful in the parts of Sir Francis Levison and Lady Isabel. 