tfELBOVRXE IKKSrONDBST.) II (pnosi . galurllay Kvoning; "r,,,,nvise ot oxieimiug T',e pr£>Pr'et^ ,or monov l)i,i3 ll113 bee" , "!ebiscit«« t0 . t|1B varioiis debates ,F j;=cii55ci uurin^ - Bljt b"t s::1 (tie Cons'1'11"0 , r,n,meiits have ?fie5o,e rtiSvo.ideofth.it 1"V '"rallted that this is Government will not it0ti>:'onffhlC ,v, vwv. Mr Berry, in I,! di!Pll3Sil t^ifare arrived at the conclu . ; -noeass t0 , r rot. wter to give up the .; I ? thanto "extend it. Ifecii""1 »u^0e finance. Ho has on " ccasion Sivon distinct and b'ss It1311 ^'ioa to his views upon that rM' eiprff'lesday evening ho made so^1' t w Assertion that " if that pro ^ri,n truck out the hill would not be rVo» l,f ri- may then be presumed l"irfwble' \ "f the plebiscmim, and fc i" tb° "'It an absolute obstacle to l5'tjlone,Pr! w bill, it would be thrown ,veDi5Siug , thi3 contingency, it is i«r. ln Tl? tn observe to what small itself would be reduced iiae»=l0Ils. . " nl,t of all reference to the [v the sln^", question. The measure ='fi! ^nds consists of twenty-three i; B0 sUnnf whicH have been already ^'^"sUen still k» be dealt with. Ifivmu oievon, besides ^&Si;^Xl"3 «fer exclusively to the fc! lS° f Hid to the arrangements for its o that if that part of the now excised, only live more unsure : for discussion. "arsons here who take an Ma"[ 1 the excursive enquiries of the ] Commission, actually feel Fop! Lwd U'nni^ . d . tha(. his f!a5 "din Section with the case of Mr. <*'irr i r , decision in which was ex BjIj ia°!iav-o been announced several days f8"" u the latest meeting of the Commis «?. Thnradav. the case was not even ^ on Tjiw.T}' h at t}w hst preyl. ""Sumintimated that they would m m state their opinion upon Air. VVclnr'-es against Mr. Moore at.the 3 Mit ° No doubt some announce 'Ironto subject will be made by the ® Commission re-assembles r laaTr add that a minor has °!i £a to the effect that they have ! U Lhlato make up their minds as to ^ S ^case, and that they will, SX, postpone. , the whole matter stne % «, something such weather a, this, I . that Thomson bad in his he trr'.te about the etheyialmild of spring, for it has been deltghtfal fco k>mit of doors to-day. The bio A, ii is always something to see between telte and two' o'clock on Saturday, was dm attractive than usual, and the football Lmdi and other places of general report EU pitronisea lat8r °,"1U uay' jie dispute between the Harbour found Messrs. Wright and Orr concern ;.0, the dock in the south bank of the Yarra tu not, is tar as I can learn, developed any farther sensational Icircumstannes to-day, Ware there on the other hand immo jute %ht of an amicable arrangement. Ine Inst insists on its legal right and power io tale possession of the dock at once, aud intimate its intention of diiiug so vi ctarmis, ji necessary. Messrs. Wright and Orr, on other hand, contest the right claimed fcv the Trust, and seem prepared to fighfrthe tittle out in the law courts to the end. The flmle qnesti in of the right of: the^ lease to'.d«s on the south bank of the Yarra is »very complicated one, but it is also one tint must be adjudicated upon before long, sod the present dispute may probably prove tie means of bringing about a permanent settlement. One thing is clear -the construc tion of the dock- in question should never tare been permitted, projecting as it does, ilmwt into the middle of the river at the tsypjrt where the Btoamers trafiic is thickest, tnd where collisions between boats turning or rounding to these berthed at the wharf are m'ft frepient. J hear that the ghost nuisance is again prevalent in some of the suburbs, Prahrnn I ting once more especially annoyed by sou cruel anil cowardly idiot, who dressed in a whits sheet, finds amusement which one \ «ald Ecarcaly fancy could be congenial to i even the lowest and most malignant ape,' in frightening nervous persons and children in Kcludeil spots at night. Only a few days >.>, I hear the daughter of a respectable re silient of Prahran was so frightened by this »re:ch that she had since remained com pletely prostrated by the nervous shock re «iwd. Perhaps a party of stontPrahranites, triced with, stout sticks, and the intention of wing them freely ou any protended " super istoral" contact, would soou ,"lay" the cV'St most effectually. I must confess that 1 rather fail to seo why ii: proposal to form anoiliBr Australian eleven io play our team upon its return should be j wonted to the extent it has been in some j qnarlerj. Tlio writers who are opposed to [ the idea, seem to assume thbt it will detract.: 'torn tlit welcome which the eleven should receive when tliey get back, but I don't tlinfc there is much fear of that. It appears t'j me that it u-oiild be a pity to disband the i Australian eleven just yet if at all, and that »> they will most likely be matched against tie English amateurs, it would be desirable. '??' Sire them good practice before hand, and thuc'inld nut be done better than by. pitting wainst a first-class eleven. A match against the best Australian eleven that could be got teller would be very interesting, as it *on'il show the extent to which . onr men «'e benefitted by their English experience, '?'! demonstrate beyond doubt' their superiority to any other colonial elevien. l«M]is it is on this score that apprehen SI0U's felt. Perhaps it is feareil Unit our en fonld be beaten. I should like to 'Mllie eleven that could do it, that's all. 