(§0r00M0nIk. . An Australian Fairy Story. BY DONALD CAMERON. Author of ' Bcripopolis,' ' Silverwater Bend,' etc., clc. Dear Children, — I can see you ull on this pleasant Christmas afternoon. The elders are playing cricket on the parched open, the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on tho grass, fearless of the slimy snake that may be coiled not far off. And the gluttons of tho flock, who have partaken too much of the tempting tart or tho dyspeptio plum-pudding, recline in idleness, like young boacon strictors, who must hybemate a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exort oneself on such a day, and, therefore, como and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a' pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of thoso terrible ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in England aro now being regaled, while seated round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, ' Afraid to whisper for the fear Of something terrible and near.' It wasn't many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city lifo and took up u selection, in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, kind of heart, strong of muscle, just tho kind of man we want in this new land. And ho hud aloving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willie and Bessie, who were ton and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife Bat in their hut and taught thoir children whutever they knew themselves in the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them tho teachings of that Bacred book which should bo a guido and a lamp to 'our feet. And a bright, peaceful lifo those good people led. Willie unit Bessio never tired of roam ing in tho forests, searching for flowers and ferns, seeking in vain to , catch; a glimpse of tho melodious boll-bird, whoso glorious song, heard in the recesses of the ' wood, of tata'tata ye-wattee, was like a siren voico to them, now having a vision of the strange lyre bird, then catching a sight, of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the rosellas and cocka toos. In their wanderings thoy had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pets. There was Mag, the magpie, whose existence wa3 spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck ing up young plants by tho roots to see how they grew, and hiding every thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big Bpoon. It was tho children's opinion that no creature in the world could cook an eye and turn a head bo shrewdly as Mag. They found her a feutherless, disreputable-looking nest ling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, sho becoming their first pot. Mag hud boen taught some nuughty words by the man Harry employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold water bad cured hor of the fuiling, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pre datory crows, whose thefts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself tho biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scruple not to rob their master, but who fly into a terrible ntgo if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, the cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, though each united in common warfare against poor Tibby, the tortoiseshell cat. These two would watch puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, in the sun, to have o nap, and then both would peck at her, and fly off to the palings and shriek with delight. Cocky wus tho drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch his poll. Occasionally he would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. He would be very silent und sad for a while, and would mope on his perch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, 'Poor Cocky.' In addition to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from tho pluin but intelligent rosella to the gorgeous but dumb king-parrot ; a native bear, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey was a dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyes, who followed tho children everywhere, and over whom Rover, tho intelligent cplley, kept watch, while. Pipit had to be kept in a box, and great was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread and milk, and it would make the most surly mortal laugh to see him sit up on his hind paws and wash his faco with his paws as daintily as a lady. _ Well, I dare say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, children, learn to be patient. I wanted to show you how happy Willie and Bessio were, and how naughty it was of them to become discontented with their lot. This is how they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a dense wood at tho back of the hut. This wood exer cised quite on infatuation over thom. On dark nights they stood at the back door and looked out into its gloomy recesses, and wondered what creatures mado their abode in it. On moonlit nights they watched the strange mingling of light and shadow, the waving of tho branches, and shuddered as they listened to the deep sighs of the breeze us it passed through, tho ' mopolco, inopoke,' of the night-owl, the sharp cry of the dingo, and the mournful wail of the curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how pleasant seemed its co'ol recesses. And, yet, I warrant muoh of its oharin was owing to its boing for bidden to them. They inherited Evo's failing. One day their parents were burning off rubbish on the land oleared for the plough, and the two wero. sitting alono under a tree, with their pets all around them — Cocky engaged in an encounter with the cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under tho impression, perhaps, that they wero diamonds. ' Couldn't we just go a 'ittle bit in P' queried Bessie, lifting her sun-browned faco to Willie's in a pleading way. Oh 1 woman, ever since Eve, tho tempter. . 'No, Bessie,' said Willie, ' we can't. Father says he'll beat us if wo do, and mother says tho blacks'll kill us. And you know that Nanny, tho old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroomoolia, lived in there.' ' Oh,' said Bessio, with a great show of shrewdness, 'I don't beliove what thoy said. You know mother told us thero was poison iu thoso bottles father brought from town, but it was syrup.' ' And didn't we get properly licked for trying it ?'.' asked Willie. 'Yos; but they won't find us . out this time,' urged Bessie.; 'Thoy won't come home till the sun is going down.' ? Now, if Willie had been very strong on : the point, I daresay be would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't ; he was . just ns eager as his sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow, liko Adam, he thought if anything wrong came of it, andthoescapado was discovered, he would bo able, as Adam did, to throw the : blame on the girl. And so, after a little further argument, he gave in, and pre tended to follow her reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. It was a still, hot day ; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep blue sky or its golden horizon ; and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry, und there wus no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to breathe, though attenuated. In the forest tbere wus a deep shado, a pleasant silence, a great sense of rest. The birds had taken to shelter in tho thick foliage of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquaoious habitants, of the wood were silenced. The cicada sang, it is true; but with a subdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its aerial melody enchanted tho ear. The children wandered on through the wood hand in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No ogre peeped out from behind a tree — only a kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's flesh intent, hobbled up — only a great black snake, that lay on tho path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass — that, I think, is the best term to use for the movement of a snake. It was refreshing for the children to come to a small watercourse that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as it passed over the peGbles and stones. The day was so warm that Willie at once proposed what is known in the country ? as a ' bogie,' that is a bath in the limpid stream, and he had half undressed, when, on tho other side of the little rill, he beheld a graceful lizard basking in the sun. Surely nover had gem such colours, for as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. Bessio peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up his courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children had no hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that thoy were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started to catch the lovely thing. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on the grasB, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, richly crimsoned. The children were about to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry fuzzyhead, as a kind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds of which aro contained in a fuzzy kind of head. ' I wonder where the pretty thing's gone ?' queried Willie. ' Where all Fancy's children go,' said a deep voice ; , and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them, with a venomous look. ' I was the lizard, the butterfly, the flower. Ye are like older children, ye fly aftor what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safety behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine.' ' But you must set them the task,' said another voice, and, looking round, the children saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. ' I olaim them as mine, the children of. the wattle blossom.' The boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly resembled an iron bark-tree. 'Not till they do the task,' retorted tho Spirit of tho Iron Tree. The children looked with astonish ment around them. Every tree, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani mated, euch a human, type of the species. The graceful myall danced in the sun shine, the sombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, tho guarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The largor trees Beemed ogres, eager to devour, and the smaller cowered at their glances, save the wattle, who stood guard over tho ohildren. 'The task, thon, the task!' cried the. Wattle Spirit, with a wave of hor hand, which diffused a wonderful,. fra- grance. ' It is,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, 'that they, will fetch me the choicest thing in this wood within two hours. Go I' The wattle seemed to pity the children) but appeared powerless to help thom ; and so tho poor littlo things had to go ? -their way. What, could be the most iprjspiousithing they, know;. not.. Willie thought it was gold, and looked for grains of the precious metal; Bessie fancied ' it was tho loveliest flower. Long they wandered, until the sun sank behind the bills and the glorious light of the moon fell upon the wood, creating lights and shadows marvellously beautiful. The children were about throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again changed, and there were the iron-tree and the wattle. ' Well,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, 'havo you found the choicest thing ? in the forest f' The wattle seemed in great pain . as she watched the answer. ' Wo havo not found it,' said Willie, looking up with honest eyes. The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh, as when a storm passes through its branches, and became at once a tree, and nothing more, aB did the others, save the wattle. ' Yes, you have, children,' she said, with a benignant smile. ' The choicest thing in this wood is the truth.' ' They are here — they are here 1' cried Harry Smith, bounding to the side of the littlo stream where Rover was barking joyously at two sleeping forms cuddled up in each other's arms. 'I know the dog was right.' ' Heaven be praised !' cried his wife, her face illuminated with joy, as the moonlight streamed upon it. And she kissed them until they awoke. ' Oh, father,' cried Bessio, 'we have seen ogres, and giants, and fairies, and the tree spirit Ooroomoolia.' ' And what did they teach you, sweet one ?' he asked, as he clasped her to his breast and made for home. ' That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father,' replied Bessie. ' Then, child, they were from Heaven, tfor the choicest thing — not only in this forest, but in the world — is Truth !' The Jtjst and the Unjust.— The good man slammeth the gate and bang eth the door, and maketh a noise, for his heart is without guile and he feareth jnot the grievous words of bis wife ; but the naughty man shuteth the gate softly, and stealeth upstairs in his stock ing feet, and stumbleth over the rocking chair, and the last condition of that man is worse than the first. They saw a beautful lizard. 