PROTESTANT CHILDREN IN ROMISH SCHOOLS. The following is from a Canadian .paper:— In his late .address to tho Diocese of, Georgia, Bishop Beokwith utters tho following warning :— Permit me once more, brethren of the clergy, to urge upon you the duty of warning, publicly and privately, the parents and: guardians of your various charges against the sin of com mitting their children and wards to the influence of Romish schools. In my address a year ago, I gave at some length the reasons which impel me to keep this matter before you ; it seems unnecessary, there for e,to repeat them now. I wish, however, to add to them a few statements taken from a work intended for llomish schools,, that you may see for yo'uraelves how important it is to shield your flocks from the dreadful teachings of this Church. The volume is one of a series by the Rev. M. Mullcr, entitled "Familiar Explanation of Christian Doctrine, adapted for the family and more advanced students in Catholic schools and colleges," published in 1875, by ltreuzor Brothers, Baltimore, Md., and bears the " Imprimatur " of the present Archbishop of Baltimore. <\- r.(r„ My quotations are taken from Lcsson' 22, entitled "No salvation outside the Roman Catholic Church. " Q. Since the Roman Catholic Church alone is the true Church of Jesus Christ, can any one who dies outside of the Church be saved? A. He cannot. Q. Did Jesus Christ Himself assure us most solemnly, and in plain words, that no one can be saved outside of the . Roman Catholic Church ? £. He did, when he said to His Apostles, " Go and teach all nations," &c.; Q. What do the fathers of the Church say about the salvation of those who die out of the Roman Catholic Church ? A.. They all, without exception, pronounce them infallibly lost for ever. A little further on I find the following : Q. Are there any other reasons to show that heretics or Protestants who die out of the Roman Catholic Church are not saved ? A. There are several. They cannot be saved because — 1. They have no faith. 2. They make a liar of Jesus Christ, of the Holy Ghost and of the Apostles. 3. They have no faith in .Christ. 4. They fell away from the true Church of Christ. 5. They are too proud to submit to the Pope, the Vicar of Christ. 6. They cannot perform any good works whereby they can obtain heaven. 7. They do not receive the body and blood of Christ. 8. They die in their sins. 9. They ridicule and blaspheme the mother of God and His saints. 10. They slander the spouse of Jesus Christ— the Catholic Church. ..Again, page 97-— Q. Now do you think. God the Father will admit into heaven those who make liars of His Son Jesus Christ, of the Holy Ghost, and the Apostles ? « ,, , A. No. He will let them have their portion with Lucifer in hell, who first rebelled against Christ, and who is the father of liars. Q. Have Protestants any faith in Christ,? A. They never had. Q. Why not ? , A. .Because there never was such a Christ as they imagine and believe in. Q. In what kind of a Christ do they believe? A, In such a one of whom they can wake a liar, &c;, Q. Will such a faith in such a Christ save Protestants'? A. No sensible man will assert such an absurdity. Q. .What will Christ say to them on the day of judgment? I know you not, because you never knew Me. Again, page 104— Q. Are Protestants willing to confeas their sins to a Catholic bishop or priest, who alone has power from Christ to -for give sins ? " Whose sins ye shall forgive, they are forgiven them." . A. No ; for they generally have an utter aver sion to confession, and therefore their sins will not be forgiven them throughout all eternity. Q. What follows from this ? A., That ..they die . in their sins, and are damned. These questions are from a book (and the volume is before me as I write published in a southern city within the past two years, sanc tioned by a Romish Archbishop, and intended forRomisli schools! These are the teachings sought to-be instilled into the hearts and minds of the children of this land. Can the parents who, for so-called economy, encourage these schools, understand what they are doing ? Can it be that they willingly send their children to be taught 'that their own parents " die in their sins and are damned," because they do not join "the Romish Church, and acknowledge as articles of faith the novelties which that Church herself did not hold thirty years ago ? If they do know what they are doing, then the sin is upon their own souls ; but if they are ignorant, then how can we be innocent? ... I do most solemnly call upon you, my dear brethren not to be silent ; but publicly and privately to bring this matter before your con gregations, and ; if you cannot prevent it, at least Bave your own souls from the charges of neglect. 