THE MERCURY. TUESDAY MORNING, MARCH, 1878. THE Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court occupied three days last week, and presented themselves in an aspect which we cannot allow to pass without comment. The much vaunted advantages of that relic of antiquity, Trial by Jury, never appeared to less profit than during the sittings of the Court. In consequence of recalcitrants one case had to be tried over twice on two successive days, while the postponement of the settlement of the Shearan case was still more to be deprecated. The difficulty of getting the typical twelve to convict on the capital charge, though the evidence be as clear as day, has become proverbial and when July summoned jurors, of anti-capital-punishment opinions, frankly avow in the precincts of the Court that, though the chain of evidence be ever so complete, they will never consent to a verdict of guilty so long as the law remains as it is, it is time that, in the interests of justice and for the safety of human life, the question were seriously considered by those in authority. The old man's plea, when remanded until May, " I am an old man, your HONOR, and have been already three months in gaol awaiting trial, has in it much pathos that appeals to our sympathy. A further three months' suspense of the most dire description, with the extreme penalty of the law still sus- < pended over head, certainly ought not for i humanity's sake to have been added to the already long detention. But the point to which we wish particularly to draw attention, as being attended with real and immediate danger to the liberty and safety of the subject, is the statement of His Honor Mr. Justice DOBSON with reference to the conduct of ex- policeman DELANY in the events which led to the charge which the latter appeared to answer. In a previous case, in which one and perhaps two of the New York larrikin class were concerned, His HONOR betrayed a very different estimate of the conductor these far-off waifs and strays and those within our own midst. In the case in which the Americans were concerned, HIS HONOR displayed a tenderness for the rights of the individual and the safety of the person that was of so emphatic a nature that we quoted it in extenso, and by itself, as a caution to Master Mariners. Two wharf loafers, who have been twice previously warned off a particular vessel by the mate (under orders from his captain), manage to secrete themselves on board, and, two days after she has put to sea, make their appearance on deck with a "here we are again." The provocation to which the mate gave way was undoubtedly great, but His HONOR clearly pointed out that though this might palliate the offence, it could not excuse it, and that any blow given under even such exceptionable circumstances was actionable. The man was to be fed properly, and prosecuted as the law directed on arrival of the vessel at an English port. A clear exposition of the letter of the law which was not to be departed from-a decision, uninfluenced by sentiment, though the continual presence of the stowaways must be a perpetual reminder to the captain of the vessel of the swindle they have perpetrated, for which he will have to answer to his owners, and for which, we may be sure, he does notforgettocallthematetoaccount. Still the law says you must grin and bear it, and that is the dictum laid down by His HONOR, But when the other case is reached, a sudden change appears. It is the Hobart Town larrikin, our own bete near, and though he can equally claim the protection of the law and the rights of the individual, the dictum is entirely different, The constable chased the boy, and, as the jury decided, grossly maltreated him, the result of the scuffle being a broken leg. Yet His HONOR compliments the policeman, and says :-'' So far as the boy went, when they came to regard his evidence, he was evidently young scoundrel. For example, because a girl calls him a name in the street, he, by his own admission, turns round and strikes her in the most cowardly manner. He was one of the class who prowled about the streets late at night, and to whom, if the law allowed it, go lashes should be awarded to put them in order, and in their proper place. It was a disgrace to this community to have such young ruffians in it. With regard to this boy's evidence, they might well suppose his truthfulness to be on a par with the rest of his character. His account was disgraceful even if truthful, and all he had got was not more than he deserved. Very little sympathy would be awarded to anyone who struck a woman in such a way. He deserved all he got, even a broken leg, which was not too much for such a young good-for-nothing," Now, without taking up the position of apologists for the larrikin class, from whose depredations we suffer as much as anybody else, we venture to assert that any such statement as the above is a very dangerous principle to lay down. His HONOR afterwards put it to the jury whether DELANEY had exceeded his duty or not yet, even thus qualified, any such commendation from the Judicial Bench of an act of brutality on the part of a police constable is likely to have the most serious effects. His HONOR made too much of the blow struck at the girl. Unfortunately for society, the larrikins 23 as distinct a specimen of humanity amongst us as the larrikin, and to attempt to throw the glamour of female unproteetedness around her is very laughable, The course of action described so feelingly by His HONOR is in reality only typical of the dealings of these two classes with each other in the street. The half-jocular obscenity with which the girl greets her male acquaintance, followed by the blow with similar intent, are but examples of a course of conduct which is as recognised amongst them as. our own ordinary salutations. With reference to the boy's truthful ness, his evidence was borne out by disinterested witnesses, and believed by the jury. Yet, how different the dictum laid down from the Bench ! In the former case a punishment of two months' hard labour was inflicted in the latter a nominal fine of 40s. and the constable is commended for his zeal and pluck in chasing a boy half his size, and condoled with for his indiscretion. The fine is paid, and the ex-constable leaves the court in triumph, while his victim is not even allowed his expenses. The picture is not a fair one to look upon, and the idea that the police are to be allowed to forego restraint and humanity, in their dealings even with larrikins, is not creditable to us as a community. By all means let diligence and courage be rewarded in dealings with this class ; but, on the other hand, unless we are to be taunted with a cry of " One law for the rich and another for the poor," let us not allow them to be treated as if beyond the law, or allow breaches of it, in the dealings of the police with them, to go unpunished. Their right to legitimate protection is as strong as that of any other being, and they should certainly receive it. A rumour is abroad that DELANEY is to be again received into the Police Force. Such a course is to be very strongly deprecated. He has shown that he has no judgment in dealing with the criminal classes and another case, which we noted at the time it occurred, of a similar nature to the one referred to above, has been hushed up somehow or other. We want men of calm judgment for our constables ; not men of violent and uncontrollable emotions. We need bravery in them, not brutality; courage and zeal, not fierce, unlawful, vindictive cruelty. IN his management of the Main Line Railway Company's affairs, Mr. GRANT has shown much astuteness ; but even the cleverest man will sometimes overreach himself, and, in endeavour- ing to mislead the public, become involved in a difficulty from which he cannot extricate himself with credit. The "scare" about the railway deputation, if not got up intentionally, was made useful for the Company's purposes-for we are now told on his own authority, that Mr. GRANT'S advices by the mail show conclusively that a deputation will not come to the Colony, "now that the Government have taken up such an altered and unjustifiable position in relation to the proposed negociations." If the people of this Colony were a set of gobemouches, they might swallow an assertion of this character with comparative ease ; but, possessing common sense, they will at once detect that the manager of the railway is determined to assume an attitude, on the part of the proposed deputation, of dignified non-intervention and to use his utmost efforts to throw what blame there is for the postponement of a settlement of the dispute on to the Government. We have shown in previous issues how little justification there is for the position taken up by Mr. GRANT, and have convicted him of giving currency to statements at variance with fact. In this instance we have a repetition of the peculiar tactics which have all along been pursued and however Mr. GRANT may pride himself on his abilities to deceive those who do not take the trouble to inquire into these matters, he knows by this time that we are not so easily gulled. His advices, we have no hesitation in declaring, do not show what has been alleged respecting them and we challenge him to produce written proof that the directors of the Company have decided that a deputation shall not come out and to deny that up to Saturday last he was in doubt whether the gentlemen who arrived by the mail steamer had come out on behalf of the Company. Mr. GRANT'S advices could not have been later than the 18th January, and up to that time there is certainly nothing to show that the proposal to send out a deputation had been' abandoned. Besides which, the COLONIAL SECRETARY'S letter to the Directors, dated 24th December, could not have reached them before the 11th February, and the temperate tone of that communication, with the suggestion therein made, will in all probability result in some definite steps being taken by the Company in England, notwithstanding Mr. GRANT'S unwarrantable averment with regard to the position assumed by the Government. But the entire statement is simply k>n a par with another one made by Mr. GRANT rcspectingthetelegramhe received from England. In his letter of the 25th February, the COLONIAL SECRETARY wrote to Sir. GRANT as follows --' " I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 2nd instant, enclosing a copy of a telegram received by you from England, which copy I was informed by the Honorable the PREMIER you had previously refused to furnish. Had it been supplied when asked for in the first instance, some misunderstanding would have been avoided." Two days afterwards, Mr. GRANT declared that such a statement was entirely a mistake, and that no such refusal was made. "'When asked by Mr. Fysh what were the contents of the telegram in question, I replied I could not quote the exact words, but would communicate its substance in the letter he asked me to write, as was done." Mr. GRANT is an adept at shuttling, and though he is fond of writing, as the volumes of correspondence on this railway question attest, yet there are matters, and this telegram is one of them, respecting which he would have been glad had Ministers accepted his verbal testimony. But Ministers were not to be caught in any such trap. It was very characteristic of Mr. GRANT to deny that he at first refused a copy of the message to admit the justice of the change would have been to say that there were some things in the telegram it was undesirable should be made public, which, as we know, was the case in the interests of the Company. But for all that there is no doubt, a refusal was given. Mr. FYSH is not likely to make any mistake on this point. In a communi , cation written just before he sailed for England in the Lusitania, and received here yesterday, he makes the following remarks, which speak for themselves : " The statement that Mr. Grant refused me a copy of the telegram is quite correct The facts are as follow 3-in asking Mr. Grant to place in writing before the Government his statements to me verbally that the £100,000 authorised by late Imperial Act had been all raised, that a new directory had been elected, and that a telegram from the new directors was in his possession stating that a deputation wished to come to Colony, ' I asked him and Mr. Dobson, together or separately, to embrace in the letter such extracts from the telegram as would give Ministers an opportunity to judge of its import This Mr. Grant said he could not do, and his so saying caused doubts in my mind as to the nature of the cable message, and whether Mr. Grant rightly interpreted it" GOVERNMENT HOUSE We are requested to state that in consequence of the 6th inst. being Ash Wednesday, there will be no reception of visitors at Government House by Mrs. Weld. THE EASTERN QUESTION. The news received early this morning, of yesterday's date will allay the excitement that has prevailed for some time. The treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey has been signed, and the war between those countries is over. As we expected, Russia abandoned some of her demands-the most obnoxious in fact. The Egyptian and Bulgarian tributes, and the cession of a portion of the Turkish fleet, were not insisted upon ; while the other conditions appear to have proved acceptable to the Porte. We are yet in doubt as to what those conditions are and it would therefore be premature to assert that all danger of England going to war is over. If the Russians are to be allowed to enter Constantinople, or British war vessels to be prevented from passing through the Dardanelles, it cannot be said that the Eastern difficulty is solved ; but the prospect of peace is certainly brighter than it has been for some weeks. AN OLD GAME RESUMED. It is a waste of time to reply to all the actions which are promulgated by those who speak in every way to damage the interests of the colony ; but occasionally we feel called upon to take notice of some of them. The game of attempting to lower the credit of the colony, especially in the London market, is an old one and we were begining to think that its futility had damped the ardour of those who have engaged in it. We were mistaken ; it has been resumed, and will be continued with as little success, we have no doubt, is over. Yestarday a ot«ie.»ot>t who made flying " lies now Tasmanian loan, as it is called, had met with a very cold reception on the London Stock Exchange, and the reasons assigned for this were that " brokers dislike negotiating such small amounts," and that 1 ' there is a strong feeling against undertaking the new stock until the obligations to the Main Line Railway have been honorably discharged." Knowing the sentiments entertained by certain parties in London against this colony on the railway question, statements of this character may be expected ; but in the face of one fact they read very absurdly. No attempt has yet been made to float the loan. It has not even been mentioned or suggested on the London Stock Exchange ; so that the reference to any dislike or strong feeling connected with it is purely fictitious. When the loan is placed upon the market the result will, we predict, be' perfectly satisfactory to the colony, and to all who are anxious for its future welfare. THE PRINCE OF WALES'S MARRIAGE DAY-The Government have not declared a public holiday on Monday next, nor announced that the public offices will be closed. It is not, we believe, their intention to do so, seeing that the day is not observed as a holiday in most of the other colonies. This early intimation will prevent inconvenience, and answer some inquiries that have been made. CONSOLIDATED REVENUE FUND The revenue for February amounted to £25,257 4s. 4d., comprising the following items Customs, £14,868 12s. 9d. ; bonds and rents, and charges, Launceston, Is. ; inland revenue, £4,921 0s. "d. ; territorial revenue, £3,S9S 10s. 10d. ; Launceston and Western Railway traffic receipts, £1,56 19s. 2d. AUSTRALIAN INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION-The Gazette to-day contains the programme of this exhibition, to be held in Sydney in 1879. It is published by direction of the Governor, and occupies over eleven pages of small type. Has it crossed the minds of the members of the Government that this entailed a considerable expense on the colony, and that the public are not likely to reap the least benefit from it If it was thought absolutely necessary to publish the programme in Tasmania, which we doubt very much then it should have been given through some medium which the public are in the habit of seeing to bury it in the pages of the Gazette is certainly not the way to give the public the information it contains, The Government, however, were not called upon to reprint the program for the benefit of New South Wales. ANALYST FOR THE GOVERNMENT In to-day's Gazette an announcement appears that Mr. Dagobert Lewald, the opening of whose laboratory we noticed a few weeks since will in future be recognised as analyst for the Government of Tasmania. Mr. Lewald has all the apparatus at his command necessary for such important work, and his appointment will supply a need that has sometimes been very much and regretfully felt. AN IMPORTANT WORK The tender of Mr. John Clarke, at £5,123 has been accepted for making a portion of the road from Elizabeth Town to Latrobe. The work is one of the most important in the colony, has long been demanded in the North- west, and will, when finished, prove an inestimable boon to the large number of residents in that district.. NEW WORKS OF ART. Messrs. Westcott, Need ham and Co. have now on view, and for sale, another of Captain Houghton For rest's excellent marine oil paintings, which has recently been finished by the artist. The subject is " The Yacht Livonia off the Start Point," and it is treated with great boldness of drawing and skill. The yacht, with all sail set, and beating up against a wind, has a very fine appearance, the sails being apparently tinged by a setting sun. A fine specimen of the Man-of-war' occupies the right of the picture, partially enveloped in the dullness of a storm which appears to be clos- ing in upon it. The sea has the green perturbed ap penance in unison with this idea, and the contrast between the two phases of weather is very striking, giving the painting a bold reality. It is indeed one of the happiest of the artist's efforts, and well worth a visit of inspection. It will no doubt meet with the same quick sale as its brothers have done. Messrs. Westcott have also on view a pretty water colour by Miss Blyth, another of our local artists. The subject is a sprig of apple blossom which has fallen upon the grass at the foot of the parent stem, which appears at the side of the picture The apple blossom in its various stages is very life-like, and the undergrowth, interspersed with wild flowers, on which the broken twig lies, is naturally depicted, The fresh light green tinge of the young leaves is very well rendered. Two other pictures by Miss Blyth, "Wild Flowers," and "Blackberries," which were exhibited at the Victorian Exhibition, are also on view. THE PRESBYTERIAN MAGAZINE The current issue of this paper has something to say about the proposed Papal Hierarchy in Scotland. Some "Sunday Evening Headings" are contributed by "J S. I" and R. M. W. has another paper on "The Witness of the Catacombs to Christian Doc- trine." CONFIRMATION. The Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Bromby) will administer the rite of confirmation in St. David's Cathedral, on Sunday morning, next, at 8 o'clock. THEATRE ROYAL Shakespeare's tragedy of > Hamlet was played again last night to a respectable audience, the cast being the same as on the previous occasion. The performance went smoothly and the principal characters were enthusiastically received. We adhere to our opinion with respect to Mr. Flemming's " Hamlet," that it was a temperate and judicious rendering, and we may add that in many parts he was greeted with demonstrations of approval. Mrs. Scott-Siddons' "Ophelia" was a charming piece of acting the mad-scenes being peculiarly touching and effective. Mr. R. W. Lawrence, in the dual characters of Claudius, the King, and the Ghost, was good ; Mr. J. H. Martin looked and dressed well as Polonius; while-Mr. Charles Holloway as Laertes, and Mr. C. Mortyne as Horatio were creditable impersonations. Mr. Wm. Andrews in the character of First Gravedigger was at home and made the most of his opportunity. Miss Alice Deorwyn showed an appreciation of her character as Gertrude, which she impersonated with dignity and naturalness. The remainder of the cast was judicious and suitable and the orchestral arrangements deserve commendation. This evening Mr. Wm. Andrews takes a benefit, and as he is a very useful actor, and wins golden opinions with the theatre-going public, the performance will) we have no doubt, be largely patronised. We observe that Mrs. Scott-Siddons' benefit is fixed for Thursday. The UNION FLOUR MILLS For some considerable time the old Windmill at Battery Point has been unoccupied and gradually getting into such a state of dilapidation that in all probability it would have been necessary in a short time to pull the building down. Fortunately, however, an enterprising firm has been found with sufficient faith in the old mill to incur a large expenditure in having the buildings repaired and made fit for re-occupation as a flour mill. The new firm of millers comprises Mr. Thomas Mulhouse (son of Mr. Mulhouse, of Murray-street), and Mr. William Howard (of Melbourne), who is a practical miller and the managing partner in the milling work. The whole of the machinery, including silk dressers, and riddles for cleaning the wheat is new, and made by Messrs. Millhouse and Howard. The premises have been rented by them, and have been thoroughly renovated. The machinery has been fitted to work by steam, it being the intention of the firm to use only steam at present, and afterwards to use wind also if they feel justified in incurring the additional expense. All kinds of mill work will be done, and the mill, as it is at present, is considered capable of turning out from three to four tons of flour per day. The mills are now in full working order, and with their new silk-dressing machinery they are able to produce a superior quality of flour. We wish the firm success in their enterprise. SALMON TROUT FROM THE PLENTY. Mr. Harris, of the Criterion Hotel, had on view yesterday a splendid specimen of salmon trout presented to him by Mr. New, of the Star and Garter, New Norfolk. The fish weighed 12lbs, and was captured in the River Plenty. UNCLAIMED TELEGRAMS. Messages addressed to John Johnson, and James Gould, are lying At the local office. MARINERS' CHURCH. In another column Captain Fisher acknowledges the receipt of a number of subscriptions towards the repairs to the Mariners' Church. SERVICE OF SONG. A service of song was held last evening at the People's Hall, and was fairly attended. An address on the subject of the trial of Abraham was delivered by Mrs. Baeyertz, and several hymns were sung by Mr. Hiddlestone, who also delivered short and appropriate addresses between the singing of the hymns. THE ALLEGED CASE OF INSANITY. Yesterday, at the Police Court, Joseph Seligman was charged by Detective Simpson with wandering at large, being of unsound mind. The man had no coat on appeared much dejected, leant his head on his hand, and took not the slightest notice of the Bench Clerk when questioned. As we stated yesterday, after his discharge from the hospital on Friday, he conversed with Serjeant Duggan, but he showed no sign of speech yesterday, and was again remanded to the hospital for observation. ASSAULTED BY LARRIKINISM man named Alexander was taken to the General Hospital last night by the police, suffering from a severe cut over one of the eyebrows. He could give no further account of how he received the injury than that he had been assaulted by larrikins in one of the back streets, and that the injury was inflicted by them. The wound was dressed by one of the medical officers and the man left the institution. ILL AND NF.OLF.CTED.-Mr. G. W. Rex reported at the Police Station on Sunday night, that an old man was lying ill and in an emaciated condition in a hut on Proctor's Road, with nobody in the hut to feed him or attend to him. Yesterday the police conveyed the man to the hospital, where he was found to be in a deplorable condition from filth and sickness. He remains in the hospital for medical treatment. DEATH BY DROWNING AT FRANKLIN lad named Alfred Speed, aged 7 years, was found drowned in the Huon river on Saturday. The parents of the deceased J jve near the Kent Hotel, and the last that was seen of the boy was by his father at about half-past long he was then standing on the end of the jetty opposite the Kent fishing. Some time later the parents of the child missed him. The matter being reported to the police, they searched the river near the jetty by grappling, and after a few casts of the iron, the body was recovered a few yards from the spot where deceased was last seen. An inquest will beheld. HOBART TOWN SAVINGS BANK The half-yearly meeting of managers is to be held on Thursday next, at 11 a.m. GLENORCHY. The Orpheus Club are to give a concert at the public school-room on Friday evening next. OATLANDS AND ROSS Mr. E. R. Richardson is to deliver popular addresses at Oatlands on Wednesday and Thursday evenings, and at Ross on Friday and Saturday evenings. LEURA REEFS GOLD MINING COMPANY An extraordinary meeting of the shareholders is to be held on Tuesday, April 2. TIN N EWS.-The Exa W 'mer reports The steamer Devon, which arrived on Saturday from Emu Bay, brought 79 tons tin ore from the Mount Bischoff Co.'s claim. The cutter Star of the Tamar, which also arrived on Saturday, from Bridport, brought 225 bags, tin ore from the following claims : Pearce's Ruby Flat 23, B.F.O. 44, F.A. 8, Atlas 49, G. Fry 3", H. H. Gill 30, Fancy Flat 30, Surprise 21, Try Again 3. The cutter Kate, which arrived on Sunday, brought 157 bags of tin ore from Bridport, viz. McPhail and Weymouth 29, Pearce's Ruby Flat 19, Atlas 24, Hit or Miss 34. THE BRANDY CREEK DISPUTE. The local correspondent of the Examiner states that matters, so far as the working of the mineral lease is concerned, look much healthier, and there is a prospect of all dispute being shortly at end. The Commissioner, Mr. Bernard Shaw, was over here on business last Wednesday, and was asked by several members of the miners' committee to explain some matters relative to the dispute they were in doubt upon. Mr. Shaw did so on Friday, on Saturday there was a public meeting of the miners, when it was resolved that the Committee should submit terms to Mr. Douglas by Friday next. If he did not accede to them the matter was to be settled by arbitrators, three to be chosen on either side. Mr. Douglas assured the miners that until he had settled with them one way or the other he would not interfere with them ! and would not treat with any other parties in the meantime. SUICIDE OF A HORSE Although unfortunately it occasionally falls to our lot (writes the Launceston Examiner) to chronicle suicides committed by rational beings, yet we never remember having heard before Saturday of one of the lower order of creatures determining to destroy itself. On the day named, however, a horse belonging to a man named Robinson, and employed in hoisting coals out of the Lady Belmore, committed suicide in the most determined manner. The horse was having its mid-day feed of oats, and, being incessantly worried by the flies, commenced backing. Two men took it by its head and tried to get it forward on to the road, but were unsuccessful, and the horse eventually backed itself over the wharf and was drowned. The carcase was afterwards towed into the Tamar and allowed to go with the tide. We may explain that the horse's legs had become entangled in the whip rope, and this, coupled with the fact that the animal had a nosebag on, was the reason why it was so quickly drowned. EDUCATION AND HEALTH. -The Graphic of the 19th January)- says We are glad that a high authority like Dr. Richardson has spoken out so strongly on the present villainous methods of Education, All sorts of prizes are held out to stimulate quite young children to exertions for which their physical powers are utterly unfit. The result is that those of them who are supposed to be clever work far beyond their strength, and they in innumerable cases grow up pale and sickly. At a later period they are put under a still more rigid system of competition. At every stage they have to pass examinations which involve an enormous quantity of exhausting labour-so exhausting that, when the last of the long series of examinations has been passed, many promising students give up intellectual pursuits in disgust, or find that they have not enough brain energy left for anything like serious labours. The men who make a mark in science, literature, and practical life are not as a rule, those who have distinguished themselves in these fearful trials of memory. For really high achievement it is necessary that the growing powers should be developed in accordance with a carefully graduated system, and that free room should be left for the exercise of body well as of mind. One result of the methods now in vogue is that young people who do not give evidence of quickness of intellect are almost altogether neglected. Schoolmasters and tutors will not take the necessary trouble with pupils who are unlikely to do them credit, although an apparently dull lad is often the very person who would profit most-by careful instruction. We do not mean that examinations should be wholly abolished. If judiciously used, they are of advantage in stimulating indolent pupils, and in marking the rate of their progress ; but at present they are simply a nurse both to the culture and to the health of the nation. HEARTLESS HOAX AT HAY. Great consternation (writes the Hay correspondent of the-Dai'tyTVearann) was occasioned here shortly after noon on Tuesday last, by a cruel and unpardonable hoax, perpetrated by Mr. R. J. Mills, of the Club- house. Mr. Mills, it appears, went into the river for a bathe, his wife standing on the bank at the time watching him swim. In a few minutes he came out, and taking a header from the shore, went down, and did not appear on the surface again. His wife, who was in a frightful state of alarm, screamed repeatedly for assistance, bringing all the residents within hailing distance to the river. Every exertion was made to recover the body, but without success. All day the police were engaged in dragging the river, and some professional divers also lent their assistance. Then the steamer Resolute passed to and fro over the spot where the unfortunate man was last seen, with the hope of stirring up the body, but it was all of no avail, and at last the search was mournfully abandoned. Late on the following night, however, to the astonishment of everyone, the " drowned man " turned up alive and well, and was soundly abused for his practical joke. It is supposed that when he dived he swam along the bank under water, and came up out of sight of his wife, but it is only fair to give his own version of the case. He states that he became insensible whilst under the water, and came to many hours afterwards, when he found himself lying hidden in the rushes. The two divers narrowly escaped losing their lives in their exertions to recover the supposed body. A "JOLLY" AND LIBERAL PARSON., the voyage out of the Stad Amsterdam, the Rev. William Henderson (remarks the Ballarat Star) proved himself one of the most popular of the steamer's passengers. A gentleman now in Ballarat, who was also a passenger, making the trip for the first time to Australia, tells us c-We all took kindly at once to the jolly Ballarat person. Whatever was going on at all likely to conduce to the comfort of the passengers your Mr. Henderson was about. He was to the front in everything, and his experience and advice came in just at the nick of time, so nicely put and so valuable, that we felt ourselves deeply indebted to him many times and oft, None of your obtrusive parsons, not straight-laced, saintly, and dismal. Oh, no ! But always up to a cigar, a glass of grog, and a smoking-room yarn. The person, next to the shipper was the man of the ship. On Sunday after leaving England," our informant goes on to say, " Mr. Henderson conducted divine service, which was continued throughout the voyage. He told us that he had been making inquiries, and had found that the majority of the passengers belonged to the Church of England. He was, as he explained, a Presbyterian but the Gospel was the Gospel, whether preached from either pulpit, and as the Church of England was in the ascendant on board, public worship. would be conducted according to the forms of this Church. And it was, the Scotch parson rendering our Church service with the best effect." This is the truly liberal-minded gentleman whom a mock "liberal" so grossly insulted a few days back at Stawell. THE TELEPHONE The Groat Chancellor does not disdain to use the insignificant telephone in order to make his voice heard. He has connected the Foreign Office at Berlin and his study at Varzin with Professor Graham Bell's telephonic apparatus Under Prince Bismarck the Foreign Office at Berlin has for some years been recognised as the most effU event news-collecting establishment in the world, and it is only natural that the Prince should desire, to enjoy comfortably at his country seat the benefit of the remarkable organisation he was the chief instrument in calling into existence. The recluse of Varzin will not be satisfied unless he is the best is formed diplomatist in Europe. His patronage of the telephone, coupled with its own simplicity of construction and easy adaptability, has won for it a rapid popularity in Germany. The demand for the instrument is said to be immense New York Tribune, TALMAGE ON MORRISSEY There is some very plain speaking about public men in America from the pulpits of New York and Brooklyn. The followiug is from the report of a sermon delivered in the latter city by the famous Dr. Talmage, as given in the New York World:- "We find one of the most notorious of villains nominated in New York to the office of state senator John Morrissey the reformer ! Wonder if Herod the Great had better not open an infant school ! John Morrissey, who has been indicted eighteen times for crime I protest, and it is high time for the pulpits to speak out against this man. Where are the pulpits of New York and Brooklyn ? No one in the United States does more to us jureyoungmeu than that public villain, John Morrissey ! In his gambling hell, every hour, he is covered with the blood of his victims. I have intimated a wish that he might be washed off the face of the earth, but I would rather wish that he had never been born, I take a Fulton ferry boat, and as I pass to the City-hall I am told that the political ring is broken, but find that other glorious re- former, Patrick Shannon. I call on people to shut up their places of business and fight against this outrage. Republicans and Democrats are shouting themselves hoarse in advocating John Morrissey. If this is Democratic doctrine, may the wrath of God split it to atoms-this rinsing of the sewers which the slums of New York are trying to spear into the Senate. I do not speak as strongly as I might. I want to be accident. In the name of the American Church, in the name of the men of the United States, in the name of the God of good, I denounce this villain, John Morrissey." . 