SUNDAY HEADING. PRINCIPLES OF CHRISTIAN TION. TOLERA- BY NORMAN MACLEOD, D.D. " Ilim that it vmJc in tlu> faith receive yc but not to doubtfuldtspiUations" TTC.— The Apostle, however, says nothing like this ; but adds, To him that csteeineth anything to be unclean, to hiin it is unclean !" It is not unclean to me, he says, but it may bo unclean to others. There is here no contradiction between principle and practice. The principle is, that all should walk in the light of Christ; the practice is, that each should walk in accordance with his measure of light. lie will have no man walk blindly, or be led by the hand, but every man to see for himself, and to walk as he sees. The former method would bo mechanical, the latter only is spiritual. The one can make 110 real progress, for "he knows not whither he is going ;" the other sees, though he may see dimly, yet is certain to see more and more clearly, for iiis eyes are open. To-day with his weak sight he may indeed think something to be unclean which is not so, hut as his vision strengthens he will soon in Christ's light see that "there is nothing unclean of itself." The "strong" have in the mean time a duty to perform to the " weak." They are not to put stumbling-blocks in their way. They are not to make their liberty in Christ, whether as to days or no days, meats or no meats, minister to selfishness, which is verily not ot Christ, by injuring a brother whom Christ loved so much that He died for him. We are, in the exercise of the love which " seeketli not its own," to consider not our own enjoyment, but the good of our brother in everything. There is honorable work here given to the strong because they are strong to perform, and that is to carry the burden of the weak. The strong possess a good, a greater measure of good than the weak, but they are to make it a higher good still by so using it that the weak shall not mistake their good for evil and as such speak against it. But we would greatly misunderstand the Apostle's spirit or practice in dealing with weak brethren, it we supposed his tenderness to go the length ot fearing to "give offence," by his ever daring, even in the most truthful and loving manner to convince the weak of their weakness, to protest against it, and to help to lift them out of it. While in love St. Paul would neither eat meat nor drink wine, nor indeed do anything which could be avoided, by which a weak brother might be tempted to do what he, in his weakness and ignorance, believed to be "sin ;" yet can we imagine the same Apostle, the very soul of truth and moral courage, agreeing with the weak brother in his views;" strengthening him, or rather weakening him in his weakness, by approving of it; or, induced by a morbid love of popularity, and from the fear of losing the confidence of perhaps "good pious" though very weak brethren, giving the false impression by word or deed that he sympathised with them ! Impossible ! Yet whatever he did, would be done with kindness, sympathy, meekness, and considerateness. There would be no appearance, because there would be no existence ot the supercilious vanity which would ooze out in every word and look, declaring, —Stand back ; I am cleverer, more learned, more intellectual, more advanced than thou ; I comply with th7 follies, but I pity and despise them'! The wisdom, depth, and humility of Christina love would forbid this. But so would it3 truthfulness, and desire of lifting men out of bondage, and in defence of knowledge and intelligence, gained by greater sacrifices than those weak men we wot of, inakejt impossible for the Apostle so to speak and act iu private and public, as to make it in the leasj degree doubtful that he most honestly condemned as " weakness?' the conscientious scruples of either the ascetic vegetarian or the Jewish Sabbatarian. He might sacrifice himself to the ignorant narrowness of some in order to deliver them, hut never would he sacrifice that liberty which was in Christ, which alone could save them in the end. So much for these and like differences of opin- ion. But when they are settled, what, after all, is their importance in themselves? They are questions about th» scaffolding only, not about the building; about the variable and accidental, not about the abiding aud essential:—" For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but righteousness, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost. For he that in these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God, and approved of men." What blessed words are these .'—that kingdom which God has established is not meat and drink —it does not consist of such things as perish in their using—it is spiritual and within us. It is " righteousness,"—that righteousness about which the Apostle had written in the previous portion of the Epistle, the righteousness by faith, and from faith, the righteousness which justifies, and is itself the righteous condition of a soul towards a righteous-loving God. It is "peace," peace from righteousness, peace with God, peace of conscience, of the affections, and of the whole man. It is "joy in the Holy Ghost;" such jov as He alone can impart and does impart through •' faith," be it weak or strong. « He who iu these things serveth Christ is acceptable to God !" What strength and consolation to the Christian amid the strife of tongues aud the confusion of opinions ! He who serveth Christ in these things —in righteousness, peace, tind joy in the Holy Ghost—not in other things, which however good and perfect as gifts coming from the Father of Lights, we may bo unable either to receive or to understand,—but iu " things," which every man may possess who asks thein of the Lord of Righteousness, Peace, and Joy,—such a one js " acceptable to God!" Many other thiugs may be profitable, these only are essential. Every man who possesses "these thiugs" has entered into the kingdom, or what is the same thing, the kingdom has entered into him, for the Lord reigns over every province .of his being. Oh that; these words might ring through the whole professing Church of Christ! How would they reveal to us true frieuds whom in our darkness we mistake tor foes, reconcile differences, give due proportion to all questions, increase our reverence for things essential and eternal, and lessen our passionate strivings for things variable and temporary, and help us to subordinate all we do to the one glomus end of advancing the kingdom itself—of Righteousness, Peace, and Joy—iu our own souls and in the souls of others! The conclusion to which the Apostle comes is what we might almost have anticipated from those principles. " Let us therefore follow after the things which make for peace, and things wherewith one may edify another. For meat destroy not the work of God." This is not peace at any pric2, as the phrase is, hut the seeking of genuine peace by the exercise of genuine self- sacrifice. It does not sacrifice the 111 warn to the outward, the end to the means, as all do who sacrifice religion itself, while disputing abont religion,or aboutthe HUMUS towards rcligion°, or the manifold forms in which religion before God may express itself—questions 011 which men may differ now, as they have differed since the days of the Apostle, and may possibly differ till the millennium, yet all the while be equally conscientious and equally acceptable to God. The remainder of the chapter need not be dwelt upon ; yet a few hints may be profitable as illustrating not merely the principle of toleration, but ol self-sacrificing sympathy. " All things indeed are pure," for "what God has cleansed call not thou common." The living plant may convert all things created and approved bv God into means of life, beauty, and fruitfulness. "But it is evil for that man who eateth," or does anything else " with offence," that is, believing it to be wrong, and therefore making that which might possibly be allowable and safe in another, a cause of stumbling in himself, with his present light. " And he that doubteth is damned if he cat, because he eateth not of faith : for whatsoever is not of faith is sin." This teaches us to sacrifice the use of things perfectly lawful for us, when such use would or-casion a brother's fall into sin. It expresses the great law of Christian love by which everything non-essential though allowable must be sacrificed to tho good of others. " All things arc lawful for me, hut'all things are not expedient." " Hast thou faith Can you with quiet confidence in God do or enjoy this or that which weak brethren condemn ? So be it. But do so before God, and not in circumstances iu which a weak brother may he injured. " Happy is he that condemneth not himself" but feels justified iu doing " that which he alloweth" from his sense of Christian liberty. But when you, on the other hand, weak brother, cannot with a good conscience do what another brother doelh, refrain from doing it. It may be allowable for him, but it is not, with your present convictions, allowable for you, Do not condemn him, for he may be strong—the Lord knoweth 3—but do not follow him if you, whether weak or strong, think it unlawful. " For he who doubteth is damned it he eat," because it is sinful to l»c in the habit of doing that which ice believe to be against the will of God. " Whatsoever is not of failh is sin." Confidence in God, and in the lawfulness of vour actions, cither as being in accordance with, or not opposed to the will of God, are essential to integrity before God. i r ou may be a weak illinformed man. If so, become free, strong, and well-informed ; but in the mean time act up to your given light. Be true to that: for such truthfulness is the condition of your being led into all truth. In these remarks I do not plead for tho toleration of what we believe to be error when held by even a Christian brother—for I profess but to expound the teaching of St. Paul. But let us tolerate the Christian brother himself, whatever his error may be, aud so seek to freo him from the error, and lead him into all truth ; and not seek to excommunicate him from our Christian fellowship so long as he professes faith iu Jesus as his divine infallible Teacher, his aU-sufiicient Saviour, and in the eye of charity is seeking to know and to do his will. Some one may allege perhaps, that while professing this faith he nevertheless denies this or that doctrine which we all believe to be of fundamental importance. But is it quite certain that he does so merely because he denies our views of it, or the arguments by which we establish it, or the conclusions we draw from it, or our opiuion of its relative importance I Must, he be held as rejecting a truth, if he rejects our (Jxptanations of it ? Is it certain that we are right and our brother wrong, on any other ground than that we ourselves have so decided 1 Are we more humble, prayerful, thoughtful, and conscientious than he?—or more obedient to Christ's teaching in his word and by his Spirit ? Are we more gifted with spiritual insight ? We are believers in Christ; so is he. We study the Bible and cry for light to understand it; so does he. Would we rather die than consciously disobey Christ, or misinterpret his -Spirit ? so would he. Yet he may be wrong; so may we. He may be influenced more than he is aware by party spirit, prejudice, aud pride ; so may we. What, in such, possible circumstances, ought we to do ? Differing in taste aud judgment about some parts, or single notes, in a great oratorio which wo both enjoy, or in regard to some features iu a vast landscape that fills us both with wonder—shall we, in order to agree, submit to some autocrat, who will bid us shut our eyes aud ears, give up our taste and sense of the beautiful, and say Amen to all his decisions ? Should we not rather seek to improve our respective tastes, and in the mean time mutually tolerate our few difference^ aud together enjoy "the many glorious things which we.see in common and are our life ? Yes, verily ! Let us each draw nearer to Jesus Christ—each learn more of Him-reach be more earnest in prayer—each strive to be more humble and obedient—and in this way, if iu any, we shall be brought nearer to each other and learn the same truth iu the end. For it is, alas, too evident, what is ? after all, very natural because very easy, that some would substitute right "views" for aright spirit, and take shelter under the acknowledged importance of orthodox truth, to shoot their arrows at others who may truly believe a hundredfold more than ever entered their own heads or hearts. " Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded : and if in anything yo be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. Nevertheless, whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing." Let us hear " the conclusion of the whole matter as contained in the beginning of the fifteenth chapter :— " We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak, and not to please ourselves. Let every one of us please his neighbor for his good to edification. For even Christ pleased not himself ; but, as it is written, The reproaches of thein that rcproached thee fell on me. For whatsoever things were written aforetime were written for our learning, that we through patience aud comfort of the Scriptures might have hope. Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Je6us : that ye may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received vs to the glory of God." (Conchided from our last.) ROMANS XIV.-XV. 7. 