$mM\tt. ? : IN THE HEABT OF. THE Fbok the Btubenberg one e*nenterthe -fleUu- Valley, whioh, with tti mountain ?JlMy'rising lite burton en either -eHe, btoaftens gradually till it is lent in the plain. The tUltgoioJUuflrtkrthilweeiOMd lDgly pretty and interesting. MSgdejspiung, witliite eikmsivis foundries, ita charming JMinmCliWOiVqtttBHtorlel' appertaining to it, with wbioh one can be entertained for a ..long aummei'i lay: Alotfshed, a small witeriog-plaoe, cool and : eweet withinvigortllng monnWn breeiei; ^nd bom the beeriiifui height called Victors ' hShe.we have uanflUd before. -u a lull panorama oj vaw, iwwd, jbohiihiui, auu plain, gardens, parks, and oatUee. Ot the latter,' the moat imposing is that o! the , Falkenstelo, ai It stands surrounded by tall -\ fin and oaks. \ From 4he Stubenberg we tee that atrange line of sandstone rook, the Teulelimaner, or \- DwU'attaik'.MeaUedbepaiufrhU Bataaio , lUjeety, jealous ot the rapid apreaaoIOUris / ' Uasihr in tbAt- utfipn, determined to eet Ifc -»part a plaoefor himself, within whose limits ^ hie reign should b» 'supreme, and where no soul should ever hear a whisperxf any other kingdom tban hit own. Aeooraiiigly, lie ordered hit. subject, to build a wall high enough to reaeb theeky, and eo etrong that no power of heaven could prevail against it. Every night aid all night theie epirits of'darknesi toiled, piling up huge blocks of etone, bat with the first ray o! morning llgbt they were obliged to flee to their dark caver, and aB eoon bb the Bnn rose, the stones, by some .invisible hands were always thrown down again. At last, in ntter despair of ever being able to eomplete their work,' they abandoned it, and the resnlt of that momentous enterprise is o broad range of pielurejique rook etrelahing from Blanken burg to BallenBleut, and very' beautiful it is with Its growth o! mountain Bhruba and wild flowers. ' . At Blankenbnrg one can Bojoura pleas antly for a wok, making oharminp, pedes trian tours in tbe environs. These toure Me moat interesting in late enmmor, when the heather is in fullest bloom, its countless tiny bells shedding a rose tint over the whole landscape. In walking to the Begensteln, about two miles north of tbe city, one'« path is lined with flowers, and every crumbling ruin of the ancient f oriress is fringed with bloB Boms. A curious old place is this Eegen stein, or BeihonBtein. with ita romantio associations, its memories of illustriouB heroes, and its grewsome lqrendB. jn 479 *.»?, 'f we moJ credit ancient chronicles a battle was fought on the spot where 'Weroigerodo now stands. \- The pooplp of Thuringia, led by their kine. Melverich, sought to tokfl possosBion of this region l-y driving the inbabitonU farther north- banishing them, indeed, to the extreme limit of the Harbz. By the mwhty proweeB of their champion. Hate bold, however, tbe Saxonn wpre victorious ; the Thuringiana fled, leaving five thousand of their men upon the field. The Saxons, in gratitude to their hero, agreed to bnild him a castle in any place which. he might designate within their dominion, .frhenbo beheld this monntatn rieinz nreciDitouBly nearly three hundred feet' abb-e the plaiB, he exclaimed to Ins followers, ' Here on this Kegenstcin let us . erect our stronghold I' (In the ancient Saxon' dialed Itegen eifjnifled Eeihen, meaninfrxow orierieo.) This, accord ngly, they iSid, and though few of the walls arc standing, there is a wondrous oharm about the old ruin, with its dark passages hewn in the aolid rock, its castle keep, and its mysteriouB cells. The gloomiest of the«e, the Teufelaloch, iB a round room, measuring .. . m widttand height only four feet, and the ' scene of suohrfngn'tjful torments that we ''' are only too fcantfol to escape into the ?' sunsfrtne again. -? _. , . . t Dunne the Thirty Tears' War this fort ress wa£bei-i.9Red and taken by Wajlen stein- it' was: captured by the Frenoh in 1757,'nnd soon'aftcr-aismantled by Fiode riok' faboure-ti: ? On the hishcut paint the wstch-towcr stands. It is broken away at the top, the stones have fallen in. and of the sandy soil enough bae lodged there to nourish \- such seeds as arc borne thither by the wind ; and a most peaceful aspect it presents with its crown of preen shrubB, and its grey mossy sides clothed with trailing vines and creepers. ?Blnnkenburg itself is full of interest; a quaint old town with irregular streets roughly paved, houses adorned with curious divines, ftone archways overgrown with ivy, while high above tbe market-place, far removed from the sound of toil and traffic, the ducal chateau rises white and fair ? ,*_..J. £.--* ilnvl- V\a-i1rn*(Mtt\A ftf Wfwitid hiUs. This is a summer residence of tbe Duke of Brunswick, and of course many romantic ta'es Cluster around ft— what would a castle be worth without them F It is haunted, also, at vaiiouB timee and sea eons, Jhe chief ghost being that of 'the white lady of BUmkcnburg.' She seldom appears when Bhaneers are present, and indeed the old castellan informed us that she is more- often henrd than Been. Assbeflits through corridors and halls the rustle of her rob*B is distinctly audible, while doors open and close behind her, although at. the time they may be double locked and barred She is supposed to be the once famous Countets von Orlamiindc, who, for some evil deed committed while in the body, on find no rest in the grave, and so returns to wander aimlessly through the old oastip. The portrait of the 'white lady 'baa its place in the gallery amone those of other ancestors of the house of Brunswick. \- The most beautiful of all tbe pictures in \- the cattle is that, of Maria Theresa, who spent (Buoh -of her early life here, and whose portrait now adorns tbe ciquieite room Which was once her own houdoir. Her entire suite of apartments is thrown '-open tO.viaitAt*,M pell aathe ducal library .. ,-» large, handsome room containing a few ; rarepiotnfesandworknof art— thearmory, ,' gining-rodm, aoS' grand entrance halL \- ' From the terrace a, fiDe view of tbe sur rounding country is obtained, and abroad avenue leads dowo to the bigh rsad. On oat. way from Blanke'nburc to the Brockeh we turned aside from the main road, following a path up a steep hill, called Ziegenkopf, on 'the tummit of which is a restaurant and garden, where we dined. Our host greeted us in sucb fluent English that we -ventured to compliment him thereupon, when, with a shrewd eoule, be replied, 'I am no German; 1 am an Ameri , can, andiought for the Union during tbe whole civil war I' Where may we sot look lor oar soldiers after thisF Oonld anj -thing be mole amazing- tban to run across a Massachusetts soldier catering to tbe capricious 'appetites of travellers of every . nation, on a granite peak of the HarU Mountains?, This hill U a most attractive spot, rising nearly fourteen . hundred feet above the plain, with an ontlook 'Clear and nninter-. . rapted; and therein tbe still eummerafter jioon, ? with scarcely 'ttreao enough to . tattle tte - leaves overheid, ' we (rased idnamily »way ihto 4fa» dark fugraot,. \- woods; Into the volleyiglowlng uritb »un ii,ht, and at the dlFt*nt'«ooiintts'orer ? . .. iSiiohfBintwseitho of rattt we» onrliog. .?too light to conoeal, only -making aofte(r. T^hBirnigiredooUittffc ;. ?'__?£? t_ jij ; ,' , Jte-mJSi«enkopl wB^woesedaa bf&th-;: ,-eiioe Ac Wernigerode— an ancient town ubinr at-'tlw foot of aBOtdymninded l^SniSance crowned by tht- casUe»nd «arkof ConntBtoHje»-W*migeiode. Tbe : , ED iacovewd with magnifloent wood* on. -. i^te0aeeWe,-.(«Uluosi«the'Otherineadoitfi ^iteighk withfloweraalope gently down to i.y.i'-' ' '?????'.? '? ? ' ' .??-???-?. $%?'?'?''?'? ?.' -. tbe plain. The route from Wereigerode to I tie Brocken is one ot tbe pleatantest in I the Hcrti. It winds around tbe eastern base ot the monntain, presenting a fise »iew ot the Holiemme Valley, with foreet crownad heighbi and water-falb. As me approach the Brooken the road become* wilder «a$ tnore ragged, the scene changing with every turn. Atone moment we are urging our horses np a sharp asomt, loogh with rolling etonei, tniji^i^Jnm the haivy foliage of interladng trees ; tba next/we-hia T»Ugnte« and w«rs'w«lklngT through open glades amid fern and waving grilses. Again, ntuu «nd*»SiL°P°2»J nWtttrtalinffSok-IttinilDg snT*painH|5verT rock) tar above, to fall into tbeatream below; I then silenoe and beds of wUd flowers— tbe 1 pale, blush- white blossoms of the wild let. 1 toes, harebells, Alpine rosei, and forgetme nots. Stopping to gather a handful of these pretty things, there sounded through the I still air tbe tinkle of fceUs and tbe ?' yodel' of the herdsman, who soon appeared driving before him his gotta and gentle dan-ooloured_ OOWI. Boon atter, aflooltol gssse oime nubtng over the crest of tbe bill, followed by a most piotoresqae old ' GKosefmi,' in a short re* pettlooKt, bine apron and jaok»t, white frilled eip, and wooden ahoes. She carried a crook, anS flew down the eteep path oth the Btoeks and atonet and gnarled roots as fearlessly at her oosbb. They all went whxr ing by, togethrt with anob ? tapping of wings and eorcoohlng and qnaoking ai might have soured the very wltohei on tb» Brooken. ? ?? . . ? We stool breathless till she was nearly ont ol sight, when some one called to know bow many geese she had in bar floek. Turn ing her head, shs shouted back, ' Flint bun dert,' and then vanished as completely as it the monntain hid opened and swallowed her. Most likely it had, for we were near to tbe Brooken, and we never saw her nor a solitary gooie afterward. As we now made tbe toilsome aseent'be tween enormous granite boulders, tbe rooks assnmed most grotesque shapes, and we be gan to feel the influence of this afceiosplr ing spot, the abode of hobgoblins and spectres, stirring within ns. We fancied we could see tbe witoueB dsnomg rouna me ' Teufelskesaet ' to wliieb tlifir loatiieoms supper was preparing, and glsnoed atksnes at tbe 'Devil's Polpil,' the ' Wiiobes' AltBr,' and the ' Ooblin's Drinking Oop,'1 as their forms showed dimly through the olonda now rising bom the valley. The e un bad Bet and nigbt was fast closing in around -js. Now we heard distant thunder, tbe wind whistled and shrieked, and the air was full of strange, shadowy forms. Wbat matter if they were only olouds of vapour rolling up Irom tbe dcpthB b'elow.f 'Were we not justifixd, in (lie darkness of thtt haunted plaoe, iu thinking them witobes waving their, besom* threateningly, and then vaniuhiog with a Bound ol flipping wings f We oould no longer bob even so far as our borees' heads, yet on we drove through miet and rain, tiuslmg blindly to our guide to land at— somewhere. A Budden ray of light Btreamod aoroes our ititu, and we found ourseiveB at tho open door of the inn.' This eight revivod our BjiiritB at onoc.and a hot supper, ten minutes Inter, served to restore our failing courage ; tor it muatbt oonlessud that during the lakt half hour some of our party bud sorely repented ever having sot foot in the wltobiV dominion. Under the influence ot a warm and brightly lightod room, however, things assumed a different aspect. Stories were told, Brooken mysteries dts ouaHed, aud midnight settled down upon the mountain as quietly ss over our peaoelul bills at home. We were to be call.d at (our o'clook to see the sunrise ; and on a clear morning— of, wbioh there »re two or three during the season— the viow from thia height, must be aloiione. The firtt words that grunted ' me in tbe moruing wero these: '? Eight o'clock, as I live 1 What do yuu supped the wltohes have done with the ennf There isn't any bore. Lookt' And drawing aside the certain, tiers wan net only no tun, bat no world ;. everything had vaniBbed utterly. We weru above the olonds and in them snd under them ; there was no sky, no eartli, nor even a sound to n mind us of the world we bad left only the night before. Suddenly from our stove, a great nnga nly Gorman nffair, there issued a noi-e at ot crackling fire; hut no human baud had touched that stove I A breath of sul phureous vapour was exhaled through the room, and each moment tbe air grew hcavior and liottor. Verily this was unendurable. Summoning the philosopher of the party, we begged him to explain this phrnomeuon, whereupon be calmly slated that the su ve was built up, according to a fashion of this region, (or the double purpose ol winning two apartmon's, and the draughts and place (or kindliug happened to be on tho other side of tbe wall. Ignoring tho shouts of Imigbtor from the rest of the parly, we humhy suggested breakfast, and then a Speedy flight from thin diibolloal region. Rfllbrfl' takinn onr denartnre. however, we groped abont among tbe olouds, hoping lor a glimpse of — something, not 'tbe spfotro j' we bad had enough of that. We listened calmly while our host enumerated the cities an4 towns and mountain peaks snd rivers and plains and the rest of the world that oould be eeen from tbe tower in fair weather, while for us the tower iuclf w«B a mere shadow looming np before our windove as the mist lifted for an instant, tn4 then meliiDg away again before we bad deoided whether it wan Rannre or tonud. Tbe only substantial thing worth record ing which we f'Uod on that mountain wbb a ginantlc St. Bernard dog. We disoovernd his bead and shoulders, and then coaxed him into the hou*e that we might have a full view. He proved to be as baodtouie as he is brave; this nnble '? L»o,' who has rescafd from surTorlBg and desth many a traveller lost in the olouds of this slrange upper world. As we drove away from the Brockrn a burden seemed ltftrd from our bouIb, and ? he sweet talley echoed with onr songe and laughter. Was there fcVfr a day bo full of runshine and singing el birds as this that greeted us after our strange imprisonment? Tree*, Irooi'a, flowers, everything whispered, a welcome. ' ' BeXraoing our .irtfpB along tbe road we hail traversed s y»«terday. we turned, ..s-lde at Ilsenburgtbat we might take si' peep at least into the valley over which, aooording to tradition, fair Prinaras Iise reigns. We rested under the shadow of her rook, tbe beautiful Ussnstein, listened to ber silver; voios where sbe goes tinging and leaping down the moun'ain, and recalled the story of the wilful child who floally became a ' prinbess of the purest water,' and a bless ing beyond .price to all who dwelt in the sweet IUenthsl. . ? _« ? AsiKaDLABrsmtdyforhydrophoblaisuied Iu ocrUin districts of Russia, where the disease ia T»ry orsvalent. Thia r.mfdf Is the rote beetle. The people search oarofully in th. spring for the larva: of thii fiiBtct, pot them in earthern jars with the earth in which they an fonnd, and wh'en th* meta morphosis Ukea place they kill tbe beetles and dry them. The powder mast be kept hermetically se Jed. - Some persons preserve the beetles la sealed jars, and reduce to powder only-wbjD wanted. It is said that three battle*, powdered and epread on bread and butter, Is'^the oom for an adnlt, glvtn Immediately alter the bite ; one for a child ; bat five to m person in whom the disease has declared itself..' The tffrct la uinally to prodnoa a long' sleep, wbioh sometimes laats thirty-six hours, and which must not on any aeeooat be .interrupted. 7bt patient on ?raUBgisBmionmsdoDW^ot the Ute is aUo always treated surgtoslly. Beetles caught oa Aawvn an not ao batteddal ; they mnat be awured in the lam stage, and killeri dlrecUy after the change. Tbe Btusisns 1b Mveral of the governonhlpa toward tbe ?dVitbmlway* give their dogs turn time to time half a toss-beetle on a little bread ae a | preventive. , ! ?' 