?lAEfflUBEWSBiWN. fcY THE AOTBOB OP ttBSJSIESTS ?' T^« i ?Oh,igthata»! ThsnketoJnytogllouita^l. Jftoirt mind the dark. Nowl know wears J«UBted S shall take some interest in a late -milk to°«£° the pgrt& I like the notios 1 «n old placa like Wis BB incomplete ?without ft ghost.' Jog bb she turned »way and entered the dinwg 'SomiememijeredwitfeinBtantiremorae that she SnightbethomshtlessiyawBteauiRtvmessdrewfllec !tion in Miss Glynn. She knew that her early We !hsd been painful, though the particulars were «n icown to her. It was enough to know that duWnR the ten yearn Bhe had been at Fulwood Btie .tad received only one letter, a lettersealed -with Wai*, that had deepened her melancholy, while removutg ? e certain restlessness observable in her hefore. Su« was alone in the world; and Dora had loved he.r oUthemo»e on that account. Heine happy and' ?acute as ebe herself was, Dora coula afford to ttinktargely of others ; being generous, to snow thia thought fin very possible weywas a source ot pleasure to her. So she was very strongly attached to her vovernees, who loved hur -well in return : and ehe was sorry, thinking tbnt she baa (unwittingly put tSer to pain. It was impossible jto-iieirto suppose *that the ghost-story had any conaeotfonwithher.vjlf, and she presently forgot St altogether, berhea.it and her imagination alike ; dragging her to one }-oisA: how would he look t twhat would he first-Bay to her? and would he find in himself an excu**4ar the excess of emotion that ( mis might not be abl**-contaol? This complete U ? ?.^ ? ii__ ...l^^bA nt ha* loavliT hifitnvv Ana . agnorance on xne auujac*'*'. uvi to*,j *im*w*j *—— -. lie nature ot her preseti* dependence was a source of much disgust to all wh-»a-ad charge o£ her. Sir IBichard,in sis last lettavto Mies Jaiderby, had {briefly announced his intettfion ot making Dora acquainted with every particular of the past ; ; and fee gave warm thanks to all t-oee who had been .trusted by him, and wiio had oWftrved his wwbes ieo faithfully as to leave this .task -* i&«-ly to hun iBslf. He gave Miss Enderby to undt wtand, what ,8he had not known till then, that &°m the Bret ibe had revealed the whole history to*Miss G'ynn, yho, having herBelf known troubles, covud feel for 5foe trouble of others; and he rejoiced to know; itbatinher Bora would find a sympatbl'mKana. itrae friend. While at l'ulwood he woulit make, jino-wmhis futrher intentions respecting Dori*. This letter did not yield the satisfaction it fright Jhave been intended to convey. Sir Richard had mot taken into account, nor, apparently, into con ieideration, the changes that bad been affected, ai-'d ilia feelings that had struck root during those seventeen years. He had been obeyed very literally Iby those from whom he had demanded respect and. attachment for his adopted daughter; bo literally that the lore and tbejdeep interest onja centering in himself had been chiefly transferred to her. The igiil had gradually gained on the affections of those Ito whose care she had been entrusted, and the love if oi her that had been strengthening year by year ;was now ready to rise against himself in her de ifaoce. Miss Enderby'snrst plan of education had proved a failure, for she had a soft heart, and in ilieu of hardening Dora by combining the strictest discipline with the coldest reserve of manner, she (had eventually become the foremost to encourage, if (not spoil her, by deference and indulgence. In icarrjing out Six Richard's own wishes, all con learned had assumed a position frem which life imigb.t not displace them, and from which tney jwafcbed jealously, and with alarm, his owm 'further movements. . , Long before Dora bad returned from her walk. Miss Enderby joined Mi«a Glynn in tne dirung toom. The confidence lately established between 'them had proved a source of great relief to both in itkeii- present state of anxiety on Dora's account. Poor Hiss Enderb/s disquiet was quite pitiable ; her boasted strength of mind eeemed to have [or leaken her altogether. 'Did you ever know anything so remarkable ?' -were her first words as eiia entered the diniug *ioom. * This bringing forward the ghost-story ?' ' Yes. It's like a preparation, coming just now. Depend upon it, even it she was left to herself she ?would never rest till she had ferreted the whole i^tory out, not thinking it was anything to her.' ; . ' t ably astonishes me how ehe has been kept in the dft»~k at- lon8' tne servants knowing everything,' fiaid Hist.' Qlymi* 'The set '''to knew it was as much as their T-laces were\ 'ortb f0 asy anything before her. You see, Dora hereel/ n^er ht\d »ny desire to learn any thing, knowing wn.it Sir Richard's wishes were. Jf a plain to see how fhe' ^oks up to him, and re lies on him in every poss.'i'e way. If she could jbemadeto understand that i.'* was her mothers ghoEtUiey were thinking of, .B^a wouldn't aek a question except of Sir Kichurd h. tmself . ' ' I have seen all that, and it mi^es me very un : 'What makes you uneasy?' : 'Seeing Dora worship Sir Bichwa as sho does, ?The feeling has grown up with her, »u.e has fed on jit in her iolitufle till it has becoaW themaster fc&ssion; ot her heart, If it had not been so, she .Wild long ago have rebelled against tba mono tonous life of this place, her darkness inspecting Sher origin.and her uncertainty as to the ruture. iHe is to her as a very god; she glories in i-Uicuig *11 her hope and trust in liiml and in propel uon (?with the depth and strength of this davouoix to Hum will be the expectation that grows out of if You see what her present excitement is— all exu.-- ttttinn inv nnfi hmv*. Prom this idol Of her*. 'imagination she must presently receive the first mortal blow to her pride, her peace, andundoubt jing security. How will she ever bear it f ' ? 'ft's unaccountable to me how Don came to grow up so proud as she is. It must have been jbornwithlier. I'm sure I've done whBt I could to Jteach her humility.' i Miss Glynn elevated her eyebrows, and smiled. ' 'And she has only profited as the undoubted ^Distress of fulwood might be expected to do,' she jsaid. 'It was my godson's orders that she should be looked upon as tho mistress here. And Fulwood belongs to Dora— it is settled upon her for life. I don't know but that he'll make her bis heir; he's both generous and just is Sir Richard, and he won't disappoint any expectation that he has himself taised. ' * I do not doubt Sir Bichard in that way,* s&id; jtfiSB Glynn. 'But bow will ho deal with the ex peetation that Dora has rtised for herself? lifts .fietbeleast idea of itP She is high-minded and sensitive to excess — a feeling, spiritual being, who, taking her surroundings of wealth and honour as a matter of course, gives her whole soul to vision ' ftry speculations in which this minor matter of heimhip has to share. She expects, first, that her birth is no mystery, that it is honourable, fully en titling her to the position' she holds here. You have teen that she considers herself to have been lifted ' by right of birth far above her neighbours. It ha* Mtencut me to the heart to see how readily she Construes the avoidance and the scrutinising fcuriosity that meet her everywhere abroad as a mark of deference to her superior rank. I fear for her, because of the height from which she must fall: and especially I fear for her in relation to Bir Bichard. To ba so humbled before him, and by Jam, will be almost a shattering to death. Oh, it Wer ought to have come to this I' ' I have s&id; «o to Sir Richard scores of times, Jrat he is a man who will have hit own way. I bead in him now what I have always most admired in him. He is strong himself, and he has no con sideration for weakness, no toleration for it. He Will expect Dora to meet and face out her destiny trithotttunatom olqo&iling; and, you see, noons Is allowed to prepare the way in the least. I Wonder he should choose to take it altogether oa kimself ; but never having seen Don, and being trbat he is, he cannot be expected to feel ss we do. . I often wish the time might corns ovei again ; I lhould act differently now— but that's what we all lay, idly enough, when we have bought experience Iswly.' In her own way, Miss Glynn also had somewhat to regret. Fslwood had been to bat - harbour of jef nge from the storms of a disappointed life ; and jo her Individual thankfulness she had thought too Sttle of that other storm ao long gathering, and low ready to burst over her pupil, She, too, had .ibeyed Sir Richard's Injunotiooi by guarding jtrictly the secret entrusted to her keeping j and ?he now felt as if ehe had been an accomplice in a peat crime. ' It seams to me that all who are concerned have 'ailed in their duty to this poor child,' sh«caid; ?at any rats all those who have leuoed to love her bust bow sham Id her punishment. Lore that en pf ten denies everything tide compels us to suffer. ?'JS Sit Eichard can add nothing to the story as I , teard it, the cooitetunt that must crowd ppon i rach a Mind ju Dora's will b» w«rw tbaa ail the 