PUBLISHED EVEEY WEDNESDAY SATITEDAY MOBNIITG. SATURDAY, NOVEMBEE 16, * J878. . ' M0DB6T^Piinngnfi3'^P& .#% Mayoral Banquet^ in responding for $e Minfsters,- !^, Berry said-" Never let us forget for apjomenJ that this colony of Victoria is the heart of Ansir* lia-not only the heart but the brain. It is hen that all movements will take their rise; it if Victoria which will give the law to the whole oi Australia. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Victoria j y/tii jiff Ijjies of railways and subsidised steamen ; tp England will .dray traffic of entire Aus tralias to MelbourDe, aM Mejb$pne must be Jt^Le svprenje cpnjme^'cial cify. (Che^re.) In yjotow F.e heve de^.oQracy; here jre nse atevs focal ^rc^DgtaJDt^es ajid .class'interests, and it is to a fcp&d; $jd yige .(jlemo^cy that the future of Australasia ;&vjr; b(e gjiyen; Any citizen of Victoria may be proud of Zfei gent work before him and the mission in whicti he is bound to take part. For a Government, no matter how much it is abused, misjudged, an£ ^represented, to be in a position, with all (tHe ^igljtfc apd fofcp pf Parliament and with all t^e jstrqpgijh' sfrpag ffgverment has to n# m %> fmm0mmsF.^9 u bv? M?Je yta» pot -m tez pmgfs bjtt sajtisfy 'the only .. .*- «no*t afttf&Sjogs; fftw ftjk part ambition of tue _ " r of the world." . . SERVICE OF SONG.-The service Of s'w^ 1" Life and-death of Uncle Tom" is to be repeat ed in the Institute Hall on the 20th inst. on behalf of the Wesleyan organ fund. A sale of gifts will be held on the 21st, for the same object. ; DENTISTRY.-Mr.; Fawssett, dentist, has jshown. us some very'superior sets of teeth which he has just had manufactured for customers. They are set in gold and gold and vulcanite combined. The workmanship is very superior, and we have no doubt they will give satistaetioa to the persons by whom they are ordered. _ MONDAY'S EIFLE MATCH.-The Mount Gam bier Eifle Club suffered a more complete defeat in the match with the Border Town Club on Monday than the least hopeful of its members had anticipated. On Wednesday night a tele gram was received from Narracoorte stating that the Border Town score amounted to the splendid total-of 656, more than 65j points per man. The Mount Club were therefore defeated by 195 points. The score made by the Tatiara riflemen would be a credit to the oldest club in the colony, and exceeds that of any recorded match during the present year. The highest individual score was that of Mr. Samuel Bishop, a former resident of Mount Gambier, and it indicates that he could hold his own with any Enfield rifleman in South Australia. Mr. Handyside being un able to act as umpire for Mount Gambier, he deputed Mr. P. B. Oliver to perform the duty. We append the detailed score of the Tatiara team. An x indicates a shot that Btruck the target but was of no value; an 0 indicates a shot that missed the target . . ,v~ «15(Tyd8. -200 yds. '250"yds.J''3p0 ydsr JTotalf D. fr. Gollan .^3323452 4424344 .x44x255 33303?x ~8l" B. E, .Stuart 5333434 x43834f4x03433^333342 81 E. Easther '% 4233245 3x22223 4x022^3^23X2x2 ,61 S. Bishop .v. 4434353 4'434544r 2x30330?3530333 '85 G. Steer ;; ... 32432x2 2535343 2542xx3: 0335224 76 J. Venn V ... 3432423 4xx2322: 2x03524 x2xx333 61 H. Saxon ... 0332333 300x42x 3x03323 420x000 46 F. Packer ... 3433344 22xxx32 320xx42 0xxxxx2 46 E. J. Jones ... .4524503 352x3x3 0x2x033 242x304 62 W. A, Hewitt... 0332243 33x53x2 35233x3 0x203xx 57 . Totals 214 176 143 I 123 656, THERE was no meeting of the' Corporation Council on Thursday, a quorum not- haying attended, .u, .< v.1", ? Mk. MOULTON, the Lightning Calculator;* is now on a second visit to Mount Gapibier.j At the Show ground on Thursday he kept a good crowd around him by his humorous addrfess; and did a good business in the wares which it is his primary mission to introduce to the public. His. Pain Paint and Blood Searcher are now house hold medicines. THE STEAMERS.-The Coorong visited Port MacDonnell on Wednesday from Melbourne, and got away' the same day for Adelaide. The Penola was off the Bay on Thursday ,;'but vcould not come in owing to the high sett then running. She came to the anchorage early yesterday morning, and it was expected she would get away for Melbourne in course of the evening. THE remains of the late- Mr. Hardy, whose sad death was reported in our last, were interred on Wednesday afternoon.,i.Theire Jwas a large attendance, including many of the members of the Mount Gambier Oddfellows, M.U., (The Eev. E. A. Caldwell conducted the funeral Services, and gave a stirring address on the uncertain ty'of life, at the grave. . ^ , THE CITIZENS' EOLL.-Citizens are remin ded that Monday next is the jast^day on which claims for enrolment can be made, and thairno person can vote at the forthcoming muncipal election unless bo enrolled. . . .! LOOAL COUET.-There is"' onlyVone caseT for the. Mount Gambier Local Court on Monday, viz.-P. Herbert v. D; Cameron, for £10. Ob jections (if any> to the jury lists of the districts of Mount Gambier East and West will be heard before the Court of full jurisdiction on the same day. - ?' . ' . : The GAS QUESTION.-Mr. E. Ingleby, Q.C., whose opinion was asked as to:the legality of the Corporation of Mount Gambier borrowing £1,000 to invest in shares of the local gas company has, we understand, advised that it would: be illegal for the Corporation .to borrow money for this purpose. ^ ? DEATH OF A CENTENARIAN.-We learn that Mrs. Wylie, mother, of Mrs. C. G. Smith, died on Thurday morning. Some weeks ago Mrs. Wylie, who was then hale and hearty, fell and dis-. located one of her arms. She never recovered the shock that was thus given to her nervous system, and her death is the result of the mishap. "She had attained the mature age of 96 years. She: is to be buried to-morrow afternoon. j THE SHOW.-The Show under the auspices of the Mount Gambier Agricultural and Horticul tural Society on Thursday, was the most successful it has ever held. In all departments the competition was better than expected, and the exhibits good. The attendance of the public was also above the average, and there was a good sprinkling of visitors from & distance, who, it is satisfactory to know, expressed themselves delighted with what they saw. The great, in fact the only drawback to the satisfactoriness of the day's proceedings was that the exhibition had to be so scattered owing to the Society hav ing no exhibition ground of its own. The horses had to be shown on the Cricket ground, the cattle sheep, machinery, &c.;, in the Mount Gambier sale yards, and the horticultural and dairy pro duce in the Institute Hall. This arrangement is not conducive to success, and it cannot be wondered at that it failed to give satisfaction. Our shows have been successful in spite of this, but they would be much inore so, and the society would be a gainer, could an arrangement be come to for ground suitable.-for carrying out the show in one place. We are glad to know that the awkardness of the present systemwas even more felt on Thursday than on any previous occasion, and we hope: some good will result from this. It should stimulate the Committee to take action with itlie view of remedying the grievance 5 as it is only reason able to suppose that tliose^ who grumble will be'ready to help to remove thfe- cause for grumbling. If the Society can secure, suitable ground, 'we do* not think there will be much difficulty in raising the funds necessary for "enclosing' it, " and erecting the necessary yards, and. buildings.' The Cricket ground lias come to be regarded as the best place for all such gatherings,_and-if it could be; obtained at a,price within ithe',means of the .Society, the" Committee would do well to buy it. The local cricket and football clubs would be glad to contribute -towards, the, payment of intent, ajid ttye Society itself would raise a large amount by ft small' pfmrgb Qn"8Bw"days for admission. It is calculated'thatidn Thursday between 2000 and 3000, people visited . the Cricket ground. Taking the smaller number, at Is. per head this would mean a revenue of £100 for the day. The amount taken for admissions to the Hall was £55 9s. 9d. so that, reckoning the free passes, it could not have been visited by fewer than 1200 persons. As most of this was taken for admission in the evening it might safely be reckoned that the So ciety, by''having gppnd fjf jfs collect from £120 to £130 on a favorable sjiow day for admissions aloAe. The Institute Ijall was a lot too small on Thursday evening for the icrowd seeking admission. Immediately after opempg the room was crammed, and there were almosr as' many in the lobby and outside as would have filled another" There was such a .crush thai it was'almost'impossible to move, and many \yho struggled in'were glad after a short space to "struggle Qijti ag^in.' We thus not only want a show ground and show, yard*,* bits "a larger room to accommodate those who patronize the indoor part of the show. .We hope the Committee will strike the iron^ while it is hot j they may make a good start if they start at once. Thef REGISTER.-We have to acknowledge receipt from" tie editor, Mr. S7fjn£7 Marrett, of a copy11 or tile "South AUHUri1 Ji'urf E$£stef antjl facing Calen&ai1; foV l87l-S. It is published by 'Messrs. '"McCiory a(id Slasteiv ljjan, of (j.rep^ell-st'reet, "in ^.delaide, and gives in a oonveriDjjt'ajj^ Jiajady 'form the result" ot the various race meetings ifald tl-rcugho^t the colony. To all who take an interest'in lrfattera turfy, ttye Eegister will prove of interest, and the tabulated records of the principal races run throughout the colonies will be found very handy for reference. Volume is neatly printed, 'and' the pricd'8#. T?]ty''jfejpMfb^;! We commend - fUe . volume to the pjjtoft?. PgATg op 4. V4.LUAJILP 8pyr.-Uf. j. Tylef reports bswg lflst the Vfjlii^bl.e p.edfgf-ee pnjr fte Recently from Victoria: Slje ras fpw4 " , ^*ek with her head daw# Ifill on Tuesday miner. . .. aDparently paralysed.' She last, her legs being .. H Ffell Wnia a was raised, nut the same n.0~ .'one for similar manner, and nothing could be u. her. Her owner attributes her death to her being too fet- Mr. Tyler had intended' to exhibit her o» Thursday $t if# Show. : -.. . THE GHOST ILLUSION _ stud Po^bfea^n Variety Company are advertised tp giv.e #nQtfl.er entertaiat»en{ is the Jiwtitnte Hall here this pveaiu^. WANTS OP EOBE.-On Tuesday, November 12, a deputation consisting of Messrs. Hardy and Henning, the members for the district of Albert, waited on the Attorney-General and presented a petition from forty-seven residents of Robe and its' vicinity, which set forth that there were only three cells in the Robe' Gaol available, in which both black and white prisoners had to be confined, without regard to the degree of crime of which they had been con victed; that in the case of female prisoners one of the cells had to be given up to them, and that there was but one yard for prisoners of either sex j also that although greatly needed, there was no hospital cell. The Attorney-Gene ral stated that he would have an inquiry insti tuted, and would communicate to the deputation the result. The deputation then presented another numerously- signed petition from business residents of Robe praying that the Local Court of Limited Jurisdiction might be held monthly instead of as at present every two monthB, aud pointing out that great inconvenience was caused by the delay in bringing cases to a final decision, and that extensive loss was occasioned thereby. The Attorney-General, in reply, stated that he would forward the petitions to the Stipendiary Magistrte, and after having received his report would communicate the decision to the members ,of the- deputation. Another petition from 52 residents of Uobe and the surrounding districts was next presented, the petitioners praying that the Circuit Court might be re- established at .Robe. It was shown that in cases of sheep or cattje-stealing a good deal of. inconvenience was caused and expense incurred in taning prisoners, if convicted, back to the Robe Gaol. The At torney-General said the petition would receive the consideration of the Government. The deputation then withdrew. Advertiser. 