ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Last Friday night Mr. Emery took his benefit and his farewell at the Theatre Royal, He played in two pieces, namely, in a little comedy called "The Welsh Girl," and in Coleman's old comedy of " John Bull." In the latter of these he appeared as Job Thorn berry, and in the former as a gouty pld Eng lish admiral. The two characters are as different as it is possible for two characters, both befcig old men, to be, and Mr. Emery | demonstrated the excellence of his stillby I the perfect way in which he preserved ' to each part its proper attributes. There , was no mistaking bne for the other; i yon could not say that in either of them ' you Baw Mr. Emery, nor tWt either of j them reminded yon of the other. It was. not . alone that the language and the dress were j different, the difference extended to the i thought, the feeling, the habitus. They were ' different'creations, different entities, they re ; presented different dramatic purposes. Ndw, (I regard it as a very good test of any actor i that he can go so completely out of himself as | to make the pictures he presents absolutely | individual, and separate from each other. It requires the genuinely artistic mind to do this. ' Mere buBinesB actors' cannot do it Your per functory actor is himself always, however clever in the conventional sense he may be. i He never goes out of himBelf, he never trans lates his own being into that of some other being. He is immutable. Mr. Emery, dtt the contrary, has the true protean gift His acting is in the nature of metempsychosis. He has now gone t6 "Sydney for aseason, I trust a more successful season than he;has had in Melbourne, and so,* it may be, that he ^ill : like Sydhejrbetter lhah Melbourne. But I tra^t and believe jhe' will Come back to |(elr ' bourneV lfjfor'notbiiig else than to show tbtt j lie bears M tnblfc'd* ' :. „ r',::. :i;:' ,0>ji Sgt^dey nijghi "iflie Lancal)fum,'|^s'! I yras repipddped. A ^arty by the 'Name of Johnson is one of the best things Mr. Grevilie does. I cannot conceive of its being better played, for it is not merely a practical exposition of humour, but it is a means of showing that Mr. Grevilie is something more than a humourist. And yet it is but an old truth to say that laughter and tears are twin. The cast in other respects was different from other casts when this good melodrama has been played aforetime. The characters are numerous, and they are well distinguished from one another, so that their several purposes are well made out. The prominent feature, regarding the dramatis persona as a collective thing, was the Ruth Kirkby of Miss Navaro. It was not alone that she showed great intelligence, for you may have plenty of this without much dis crimination. But I marked especially the care with which Miss Navaro showed the process of transition which Ib the distinguish ing quality of interest in this character. At first you have the country girl, impression able, susceptible, vain, weak. Then there is a period of suffering, of great mental distress, of anxiety, of despair, of remorse. And out of this trial the true woman comes. Only a good actress like MiBS Navaro can depict with proper effect the manner of such a transformation. It is here that genuine in telligence, combined with that natural capacity for acting which, being in the nature of the poetic fervour, is born with a a person, can demonstrate itself. After all, every dramatic creation is a true pyschological study, and it infers a power of projection into other minds, to be able to reflect what takes place in these tran sition perturbations. It is easy to say an actor or actress is good or bad, is original or only an imitator, and of most actors and actresses you cannot say much more than this. The occasion for saying other and further does not frequently arise, and when it does, the subject is worth descanting upon. So that, when you know Miss Navaro is going away to New Zealand, and that after this week we shall see her no more on the Melbourne stage, you will probably regret that she is to be lost to us. To-night the performances will be for the benefit of Mrs. Akhurst, the widow ot the late Mr. W. M. Akhurst, long known in this city as a member of the press, and a suc cessful author of several pantomimes. The Owls will play " The Colleen Bawn," and there will be other materials of an attractive character, not to speak of an address perti nent to the occasion, and spoken by Mr. Appleton. " Les Cloches de Comeville," at the Academy, has deservedly held its own all the week. To-night we are to have " Girofle Girofla." On Saturday night, at the Princess's, another melodrama of the gory type was played to a crowded house. On Monday the house was closed, and advertised to he let. I give you the bare facts. You can deduce from them what conclusion you like. At present I confine myself to the statement of facts, but I shall probably, after a while, have something to say on the subject of bogus theatrical managers. On Monday, at the Opera-house, they played " Metamora." " Metamora" is an American drama, and I am told it is very popular in that country. It was first introduced to us in Melbourne by Mr, J. H. Allen, it may be 14 years ago. It per plexed me then, although I endeavoured with much patience to discove/ its meaning. I am still perplexed, inasmuch as I am no more seized of its meaning now than I was at that time. The chief character is an Indian. He is a bloodthirsty warrior, who proclaims his grievances at large. I do not know what his grievance was; probably the white man had desired him, the red man, to go westward; so as to make room for the white mam I snppose he was averse to go, and that consequently there arose difficulties between himself and the European settlers. As a matter of course, eventually, he gets the worst of it, and falls fatally worf&ded; by the bullets of some soldiers who are sent to capture or to kill him. But previously he has done a good deal of killing himself, and I think he has struck a balance by anti cipation. Not content, with killing his enemies, he has killed his wife, and, indeed, it may be remarked that if there had been another act there would hardly have been any body left to kill, for nearly the talk all through the'play is of homicide, and most of the deeds have more or . less of a homicidal tendency. The other incidents are thrown in as if by way of flavouring. Thus, a young man a of doubtful parentage, and a young woman is the object of his affections. The parent age question is 'settled, and a rival suitor of the lady is settled, and I think the young people are happy at. last, but 1 am not quite clear on this point, as theyonng lady is abr ducted, and does nonreturn. Her happiness, therefore, muBt be regarded as only con structive. The play is in five actB, and X never saw five acts so expeditiously de spatched in my life. They were all over in an hour and a halt So rapidly, indeed, were they played that Mr. Hamilton expressed his disappointment at the end of the second act at not being allowed to do all he wanted to do. I* think the audience did not greatly regret this celerity. It would be unjust to Mr. Hamilton to give any opinion of |iia acting, judged by this character. The Indian, as I have shown, was a most objec tionable savage, and I cannot conceive of any actor being much liked in it. I did not like Mr: Allen in it, and I trust we shall never have " Metamora " again. Everybody else concerned in the play was more or less unhappy; more than less, . That pleasant actress, Miss Jessie Grey, walked about dis, consolste ,in a pretty white dreBS,. which, if dfet^canld .^ve toadp a character accept able, 'would have done so in' this case.' Mr, Ireland, as the mysterious - Son/ was also disconsolate. So was Mr,, A. Booth man; jwfco played the person of quality : who, was killed, fio was Miss Pelham, who was the Indian's wife. Mr. Ryan was very miserable, Mr. Phillips seemed to have a great weight on his mind, and Mr. IngKq ap„ peared to have been a misanthrope from his infancy upwards. There came afterwards a two-act comedy by Mr. Boucicault, called " A Bull in a China Shop." I think it is very likely this comedy is amusing, but I should like to see it five or six times before giving an opinion. It would take that number of times Beeing it to under stand it. When I have witnessed it to that extent I will Bpeak of it further. I am sure that Mr. Wheatleigh must have played well in it, for Mr. Wheatleigh is a good actor, and always plays welL That is why I am so confident of the excellence of this particular performance of his. On Thursday Mr. Ireland took a benefit, appearing as Harry Kayanagh, in " Peep. o'Day," and as Charles Surface, in the screen scene in " The School for Scandal." Some obliging amateurs also contributed their aidi to make the occasion a pleasant one. To-night " The Two Orphans " will be re vived. The Town-hall has been occupied every night since Saturday by the Rev. Charles Clark. His lectures are not only as popu lar as ever, but they are more popular. • Mr. Clark is said to be going to give up lec : turing and return to the pulpit. He has a. right to do as he likes, but it can never be said that be gave up lecturing because nobody came to hear him. But I know it is hard work and exhausting work, and I can easily understand hpw a man of cultured literary tastes longs for the quiet of the life of a clergyman after the bustle, the change, and the worry attendant upon lecturing tours, however profitable they may have been. On this night week, Mr. R. S. Smythe, whom everybody knows as the "indefati gable" agent and the most travelled of all managers, having taken theatrical and musical performers to places where performances were never given before, will take a benefit at the Town-hall. The Rev. Charles Clark will lecture on "Christmas Carols "for the last time, and there will be an array of musical talent consistent with the occasion, and worthy of the gentleman who is the subject of the. benefit. Thus, Miss Christian, Mrs. Cutter (who has lately been to New Zealand), Mra. Smythe, Mr, Lamble, Mr. Moroney, Mr. Forde, and Mr. Exon will sing the music which illustrates the lecture, and. a good deal of music besides. Moreover, Madame Tasca will play, and she of herself will be a rare attraction; also that clever young lady who commenced her careen so pleasantly at the Opera-house about 1$ months ago—namely, Miss Rosaly Merz—will appear again before a Melbourne audience. Still further, the performance will be under the patronageof the AuatralianEleven, who on that day will have completed the match they are going to play next week. Altogether, there will be the best possible reason for a full house, and the result will match the reaBon. The Baldwins, at St George's Hall, are evidently on the track of a long run. And they deserve to have it There is some new business at the Athenaeum. Some new ghost business—at least you would hardly call it ghost business, save on the principle of taking a reflective view of ghosts. Concerning the forthcoming amateur per formance at Glen's music roomB, there have been so many applications for tickets that it has been determined to give a second repre sentation on Monday, the 23rd,< at which the Bishop and Mrs. Moorhouse will be present, also Lord Harris and his team of gentleman. cricketers. TAHITE. 