WEST'MELBOURNE ELECTION. To 'the Editor of the CROO?ICLE. Sx;IR,--Itn the olden bajd days in England, i' the days of.opeifivoting at elections, ofl briberyunconcealed, of 'open 'boastfil in inveterate' Tory of the old inveterate'tyran nical-Tory school. An bld Tory"ivlio w. su charged" with the corrui,tioi that' afflicted the rotten borod?hs over which he dominated. In those goldlenlays of open voting 'ind un; blushing threatening, a gang of canvassers in a British electorate was sght to see. The liead of;the gang,waas niually I am sorry to aay, the parssn of 'the'parish, and lihe was genemlly the most violent 'of the lot.. He had' not ihe transdcndent 'teniper of 'Mac-, atilay's"' "Ydung :Levite" 'nor did. he' even uminble, witlh abje'-thinmility,'biokesivietuals in.the servait's hall of a'countrysptiire." On the contrary hews' rubicund, highly flavored, aid unusually siiieltof thedogl kennel and the cellar. He. preservel game 'iigorously a?d'would ratliehiivo hiing a poalelr 'than a'pirate. Happy; old iEngland in suh' days. I am glad Sir," that ' non 'the breed' of political parsons is becoming extinct. The' real tyipeof themi has, hoEiier- b'eenr'renidercd immortal in the classic;'retined, and delicate pages of Deaii Swift! But, "t~ rethrn to our muttons," a gang of ceinvassers with the part soni at' their head' asked an' old" friend of mine to 'ote for " Sir John."' "? o," said my friend, who was' i m.in of "tiff resolute British independencie "I'll no?t vote for. Sir John." "Why then" Faitd the other, "are yoi going. to vote for the' Hon. Ruiiert'Fluke'?" "No, ' rejoined the electo'r,' i",'Ln nit'goUlg toy .vote for either 'of them."" "Wiy not," e?en q;uired" the: political vote' ttting parson. "For:a'good.and stifficient reason;" ,rplied the 'other.' ""'The ''shn'you vote for sion forgets you;:;l bt, by =-. the man ymivoto agatost; never forgets you." The gang of viote touters piasaie on. loiw, I would like toi kow what business, ender the b.illot; has aniy candidate to employ:hireling touters 'and canvassers.' 'The practic 'of doing so: is':'a 'direct violation of the ballot ' Taki 'tlih recent contest in. West Melbotrne, where, though the 'agency of such' canvassers' the; grossest depravity was practised. 'At the for .mer election, for the same district, a prema-" ture resurrection was accomplished in'the old Melbourne Ceometery; according to the records of the Polling Booths, imen who 'lihad been buried for years like tihe ghost of'liam let's father,' stripped off their garments, broke 'open 'the' ponderous jaws of their sepulchres,: went ants voted' on the' latitiidi= 'marian ticket and then wont back to' their graves to wait for the next election. Suchis ae absolute fact. I began by citing touters cavassors, 'committee men, &c.; The whole 'base, venal, "lyiny 'machinery, which such men usually represent, ought to be knocked on the head and obliterated. It is easy to do-this, for in orler to prevent solicitatic n for votes only a short clause is necessary to be added to our Electoral Act. No cabs, no toiters, no open public houses ! Sweep the whole lot to' perdition, go over the electoral rolls ?'as soon as possible after 'the elaetion and disfranchise every man who did not at, teiid to his duty by recording his vote. .Such a man is alwayxsan unworthy citizen, lazy, abject, conceited, or indifferent, Off with his name fronithe roll-what right has a duffer of this kind to be classified with citizens who have a serse of political responsibility and enough energy to exert themselves at the hour of trial. Of course, if a man can show a valid excuse for not attending the poll, such as illness, unavoidable absence or other reasonable cause, no penalty should reach him, but for all others make them smtart for not voting. How can you posaibly deter mine the actual state of public opinion unless you get a full vote, Well, you may say, t"snppose a voter does' not approve of either oandidate, but despises them all equally what is he to do then ?" ' \Well that's easy to decide, all a man has to do is to drop his c'anelled voting paper into the ballot box, and so record a silent, contempltuous protest against the whole lot. I declare that with vivid recollections of election artifices in the old country, I never witnessed more whole sate rascality than was 'practised at the late West' Melbourne election. Collingwood is cleanly in compariso., AN OLD CHARTIST. 