NEWS AND NOTES This day’s events: —Woodroffe’s glass-blowers, with promenade concert (members’ night), at the Mecha nics’ Institute; literary and musical entertainment, Neil street schoolroom; meeting of Orphan Asylum Committee; bazaar at Brown Hill Parsonage, afternoon and evening; social gathering, and lecture by the Rev. S. Robinson, St. John's Church, Feel street. Cr Leggo was, at a special meeting of the City Council held on Monday, elected as mayor for the ensuing year. The election was unanimous, the new mayor having taken the civic chair amidst congratu latory speeches from every member of the ■ council present, while the retiring mayor, Cr Gray, received a similar compliment at the hands of his fellow-coun cillors. There was a contest for the mayoral chair in Bal larat Bast on Monday. Crs Long and Scott were the candidates for office, and a ballot took place, which resulted in the election of the first-named councillor to the position. As usual on such occasions, the question of an allowance to the mayor appeared on the notice- paper of the Town Council at the annual special meeting held on Monday. It was discharged at once. The annual meeting of the Bungareeshire Council was held on Monday, when Or Calwell was re-elected president for the ensuing year. A report of the meet ing appears elsewhere. The address of the Hon. C. J. Jenner to the electors of the South-Western Province will be found, in our advertising columns. Mr Jenner is in favor of lower ing the qualification for the Council and reducing the size of the provinces, but does not approve of that House being made subservient to the Assembly. He thinks that so long as both Houses have members of eztrenie Opiniods thefe must be deadlocks. Mr Jenner appeals to his past connection with the con stituency, and holds that that ought to ensure him the confidence of his constituents. It will be seen that Mr Jenner condemns the Reform Bill strongly, though not in direct terms. We haVe been shown photographs and a description of Corbett’s reaper and binder, manufactured by Cor bett of Son, of Melbourne and Ballarat. This machine is an improvement on Wood’s American reaper and binder, tried so favorably last year, and is sold for £7O, or £2O below the imported machine, and 30 per cent, cheaper for duplicate parts. The improvements consist of a strengthening of many of the parts, by Which the machines are adapted for colonial use, and the addition of a seat for a boy to drive, so that the man is left free to look after the binder. This is found to be a great improvement, as it does away with a complaint made, that a man could not drive and attend to the other necessary work. These machines are to be let, if required, with the right of purchase, all rents to be considered as part of the purchase money. There can be no doubt that these machines will be extensively used, as the saving of labor is so great as to cover the cost of a machine in one season. The local manufacturers are to be con gratulated on the success they have achieved, and there can be no doubt as to their being well rewarded for, their enterprise. A magisterial enquiry into the cause of the death of Archibald M'Lennan, who was killed on Saturday at the All Saints claim, was held on Monday by Mr C. C. Sboppee, J.P. The evidence showed that death was accidental, and a verdict accordingly was entered. A little girl named Bradley, whose parents reside in Humffray street south, Ballarat East, died suddenly on Monday night. Her illness only lasted a few hours, and resembled English cholera, and it is thought that it was caused by some pilchards which she ate, and which were not fresh. She was only three years of age, and so the fish, from which other and older members of the family felt no ill effects, might have affected her. Dr Usher was called in, but the little thing was dead before his arrival. An inquest will probably be held to-day. In our report of the concert held at Staffordshire Reef on Friday evening, and which appeared in Mon day’s Star, vie omitted to state tttat the concert was got up by Mr D’Arcy and the members of the church committee, and that Mr Vbtstr, the Misses White, the Messrs Toung, and Mrs D’Arcy contributed much to make it a success. Our correspondent writes:—“l find that some of the Scarsdale borough contentionists are wrong in their conjectures as to the results likely to ensue con sequent on the resignation. oti three'ol the councillors, for a reference to the'MunicipalStatute s shows ‘ That every person elected a councillbr.shail; at the meeting of the council at which he first attends as a’councillor, make and subscribe the declaration herein required; and any councillor, whether he himself have made such declaration or not, may administer such declara tion.’ It follows, therefore, that a. quorum of coun cillors who have already made the declaration is not ■'necessary, as surmised." ...v -i Mr Thomson, P.M., and Messrs Chauncy and Fitz patrick, J’s.P., presided at the City Court on Monday. ■Eliza-Rogers and Mary Chalmers .were, sentenced, as disorderly prostitutes, to six months’ imprisonment. Thomas Mullen, for stealing a couple of pairs of toots from Mortimer O’Reilly, was sentenced to three months’ imprisonment. The White Horse cases,' which will be found reported in another.column, were then proceeded with; : On Sunday evening, despite; the inclemency of the. weather, 1 Dr Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat, preached to a very large congregation in St. Luke's . Church, Scarsdale, taking for his text the Bth v., 127th Psalm, “Lika as the arrows in the hands of a giant, even so are the young children.” His discourse .was on the duty of parents to educate their children aright, re ligiously, and in' the fear of the Lord, otherwise they would become in the hands of State schoolmasters wielded like arrows’in the hands of a giant, and as religion was excluded from State schools it, was.the more necessary . for parents to . do their duty religiously towards their children, and see that-they were brought up.in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. . Thera was only one case set down for hearing at the Learmonth Police Court on Monday, which was post poned for a week. The presiding magistrates were' Messrs Q. G. Morton and G. Beaton, J’e-P. The many friends of Senior-constable Moran, of Learmonth, who met with a serious accident some time ago, by the horse which he was riding falling under him, will be glad to hear that he has sufficiently recovered to enable him to resume duty on Monday, and haying resigned the appointment of inspector of licensed premises, he took over charge. of. the Lear month station from Senior-constable Shine, who was sent out from Ballarat during his illness. ‘ We under stand that Senior-constable Shine will proceed to Bal larat, where he is well known and highly respected, having served there for the last twenty- four years. Dr Whitcombe’s diploma as ah associate of King’s College, London, has just arrived by the mail, and is now held by Mr Greenfield. It is very beautifully got up, and, : of course, certifies that Dr W. P. Whit combe has completed the course of medical study enforced by the college authorities. A local land board will be held at Smytheadale on Thursday morning next, at 11 o'clock. Work was begun at the new paper-mill at Pyans’ ford on Friday. Bad half-crowns and shillings are numerous iu Geelong. Entries for the Creswick Coursing Club will close at 2 p.m. on Thursday next. The Hospital Committee will meet on Wednesday and deal with the following orders of the day:—l. To receive report of house committee. 2. To receive report regarding the advisability or otherwise of establishing a training ward for nurses, in connection with the Ballarat Hospital. 3. To pay the monthly accounts. 4. To appoint two members of bouse com mittee in place of Messrs G. Smith and 0. E. Edwards, who retire by rotation but are eligible for re-election. The Mayor of Scarsdale, Mr Robert Bell, having resigned his seat in the council, in conjunction with Cra Martin and Lavery, a special meeting of the council, called by circular issued on Saturday evening, was held at 10 o’clock a.m. in the council chamber on Monday. Present—Crs Toung, Morrison, Knights, Fox, Carnegie, and Jones. The newly elected councillors made the usual statutory declara tion, after which Cr Knights was unanimously elected mayor, and tbe business terminated. A meeting of the Bungaree Junction and Warren heip Hurling Club was held at James’ Bridge hotel on Saturday, when several new members were enrolled, and the following office-bearers were elected, viz.:— John Cusack, president; John Maher, vice-presideut; John Lynch, captain; John Maher, vice-captain; Maurice Healy, secretary; John O’Donohue, trea surer; committee, Owen O’Donohue, James Kyle, Patrick Connelun, John Hannahan, Peter Hiuchey. It was arranged to play the return match with Melbourne on the 2Sth of August, in Ballarat. A meeting in the iusolveut estate of Edward Ryan was held on Monday, but no creditors attending it closed almost immediately. A local land board was held on Monday afternoon at the City Court, before Mr Tenisou Greene, district surveyor (chairman),and Mr Richards, M.M.B. The fol lowing applications were dealt with:—Under the 19th section—Seth R. Persse applied for 50a 2r 37p, pariah of Dean; recommended. Under the 49th section—W. Toshack, 15 acres, parish of Windermere; recom mended. H. Hawkins, da 2r 21p, pariah of Ballarat; recommended. Jas. Morris, 13a lr 32p, parish of Ballarat; recommended. A fifth application was for the abolition of right of access to the rear of allotment 127, Ballarat. The chairman held that it should be abolished, and Mr Richards that it should not. The board then adjourned. “Timotheus,” who writes “Above the Speaker ” for the Argus, has, for once, been napping. He says that the lines quoted by Mr Francis from Tennyson are in In memorium, which is not the case. These lines were public property long before In memorium was heard of. An Australian diamond drill, manufactured in Sydney, has been successfully tried in Melbourne, It bored a hole through 18 inches of bluestone in four minutes. The Grown law officers in Great Britain do not appear to have given any opinion on tbe questions submitted to them regarding the payment of money from the consolidated revenue of Victoria on the vote of tbe one House, or under tbe 45th clause of tbe Constitution Act. The despatches his Excellency the Governor baa received are silent on the subject. Tbe resolution arrived at by the shareholders of the Hobson's Bay Railway Company, adopting the con tract between tbe directors of the company and the Government, has been officially communicated to the Chief Secretary. According to Monday evening’s Herald, however, matters have not yet been finally arranged, and some time is likely to elapse before they will be. The Ministry contemplate asking the House to sit on Fridays, in order to press on with the business of the session. If that proposal is objected to, as an alternative the House will be asked to sit at 2 p.m. on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Tho Age asserts that the Ministry has given Dr M’Crea, chief medical officer, six months’ notice cf superannuation. It is understood that the Government intends to reduce the fares on the Hobson's Bay Railway. The M. and D, Advertiser aays:—“ A frolicsome ghost is reported to be amusing himself in the Duke mine by destroying the workmen’s clothes. The account is that one of ths miners being startled by a mysterious knocking in a drive, turned round in that direction, when hie coat by some unaccountable means became split.up the back from top to bottom. The victim is very confident as to the supernatural origin of the occurrence.” Mr L. L.: Smith called upon the Chief Secretary the other day (says the Age), and uged that tbe Govern ment should not oppose his motion providing for the reduction of letter postage from 2d to Id. Mr Berry replied that the matter was before the House, the debate having been adjourned. If the House showed a strong desire in favor of the reduction the Govern ment would not oppose it. But, even if the motion is carried, the date will have to be altered, for the Government cannot allow the reduction to take place this year. There is .a further reason—the reduction will involve the necessity of providing for the deficit by some new form of taxation. A statement was published a few days ago (says tho Argus) of the .compensation payments made to certain professional and other officers of the Railway Department, whose services were summarily dispensed with in January last. It appears that the only one who has actually received his allowance is the late Engineer-in-Chief, and that no more money baa yet been paid to the rest, nor has any time baen named when they may expect to get it. The visit of the Victorian delegates to London is so far distant that it has bean decided not to await their departure from Melbourne, but to float the first por tion of the new loan at an early day. The associated banks are of opinion (says the Argus) that October is a favorable time for going upon the money market, and tbe Treasurer, in his Budget statement, will invite the House to give him tbe necessary authority without delay. The Stawtll Chronicle of Monday has the. follow ing with respect to the conduct of railway work men : “ Saturday night and Sunday, at the AVimmera railway camp, generally witness a drunken orgie and an accompaniment of blasphemy, but yesterday would seem to have outdone them all. During the greater part of .the night fighting, drink ing, and gambling had been going on, and at 8 o’clock in the morning something like a general fight com menced, and was systematically carried on through the day. Two gentlemen from Stawell were driv ing past the camp at about 2 o’clock in the after noon, and reached the spot just in time to see one combatant—who has since been’ brought to the local hospitals—.carried into a tent with a broken leg., A little further on a crowd of frpm forty to fifty, including a number of women and boys; were gathered, round two njen who wqra stripped to tho waist, and fighting as if for life. They were un. equally matched, one being very ranch heavier and taller than the other, and must have been flghtinu some time, as they were coveied with blood and mud The crowd around were encouraging them to further exertions by language the most disgusting, and the brutal combat continued until the smaller man was unable to * come to time,’ and had to be carried off The camp is on the highway, and all travelling nn country must pass through it, so that it is clearly the duty of the authorities to take some action It l rather too much to put up with, that one ‘cannot drive out on Sunday without both eyes and earn being offended by such revolting exhibitions as that described. ' 11 ■; According to the Age,'a rumor has been current for the last day or two'to the effect-that the Government intend to allow the clause providing for the pleUscittm. to be excised from the Reform Bill. ATe are autho rised to state that there is not the slightest truth in the rumor. Indeed, the statement hardly requires contradiction, for it is self-evident that this provision could not be dispensed with, as it is the main and fundamental principle of the bill, and to omit it would be, very .• much like playing ■'*.« Hamlet ” without the Prince of Denmark. , It will he Been by our advertising columns that Professor Stanioh, the Egyptian aurist, will resume practice in Ballarat this week! The half-yearly general meeting of the Ballarat Gad Company is announced for Thursday next, at ths company’s office. 'A grand literary and musical entertainment will ha held to- night at the Neil street Wesleyan schoolroom to celebrate, the opening of the building after under going a thorough overhaul. Several of the leading* Ballarat amateurs have been engaged to take part in the proceedings. , 1 An advertisement in reference to the third Grand Champion Sheep Show in connection with the Ballarat Agricultural and Pastoral Society, to be held on the sth arid 6th September, will be found in another column. . Mr Shoppee announces his intention to offer for public competition tho valuable property belonging to Mr E. Newman, at Buninyong, on 26th inst. “ Our advertising columns notify that all adcolihis in connection with Mr Hickman’s candidature for the south ward will be paid this morning, between the hours of 10 and 12,. at the Union Foundry. The bazaar in the Brown Hill Parsonage, corner of Victoria and Ryan streets, .is open this day and intending visitors will do well to make an early writ. The goods are all of a useful character, the prices are very moderate, and all purchasers will receive full value for their money. We would remind our readers of the social gather ing which will take place to-night in St. John’s Pres byterian Church. The chair is to be taken by the Rev. J. W. Inglis, who will give one or two of his favorite readings; ether friends of the congregation are also to give recitations, and the choir will sing some choice music. The chief feature, however, of the meeting is to be a lecture by the Rev. S. Robin son, of St. Hilda, entitled “ A Talk about California ” to which we have already referred. Altogether the programme provided is a most tempting one, and we have little doubt but the meeting will be a large one. The glass-blowers had a very fair house on Monday evening, considering the state of the weather, and those present seemed well satisfied with the enter tainment placed . before them. Mr A. M’Laren sang several songs in his beat style, and Mr 3. Morgan was very successful in his comic songs. Gifts were given away by Mr Woodroffe as usual at the close of bis lec ture on the glass steam engine. To-night members of the Mechanics’ Institute will be admitted free on pro duction of their 41st entertainment tickets, and among those who will take part in the concert are Mrs Hurst, Miss Davies, and Mr Burton. 