MK. CRE8WK3K AS RIOHEEfMT. j BalwerLy ttoa's romantic drama" Richelieu took theplafee of " Virginias" on the boards of theThec^BoyalimSaturday night, when a brilliant Loose assembled "to witness^ its pro* daction. Here is aclassof pl^rs which When presented under anything like favourable cir Moittaeei seldom or never f&3s to attract a 'large attendance of the play- loving' portion of the public, although those beet qualified to judge freely allow that as dramas, they can hardly be admitted into the highest rank.' To this class belong the dramatic productions of that versatile author, lord Lytton. The clitics who in the past were so fond of prognosticating that Bulwer Lytton's plays would not long out last their author's time were in error. The popularity of the beat of his dramatic produc tions is rather on the increase. Reviewers .wouldbe wiser and would db more to advance theJ ethical education of the people if lhey would1 occasionally in judging of.'the literary work which comes before them take .a somewhat less exalted standard than the acme of the most highly polished and refined art, especially when that woik, be it of what form it itmay, is intended tor thepleasureafall grades of society. Tod only puzzle bat by no eolightenamaji if you criticise, a' work of;art which pleases him by comparing it withbne of a school ao far above his comprehension that he cannot see in it the .beauties that it, may possess, bat which require a highly-educated eye or ear to detect. ~ There are many people of considerable refinement "who do not fed any pleasure in reeding Hilton or Pope who never theless find intense delight in Longfetlow_ and in Tennyson's homelier poezns. Some highly classical music is simple discqrd to many who are yet true lovers of the tuneful art. So it is with the' stage. We should be sorry te say that : much of what is called the modem drama is true art at all, or even hold that it is in any-way calculated to elevate the taste of the millioD, bat this does not apply to the productions of Lord Lytton. If must be admitted that in each plays as "Richelieu," "The lady of Lyons," and "Honey" there is much that - is really good and worthy of commendation by all classes of playgoers. If to fastidious ears the language is at times a little inflated , and the sentiment too sentimental — if the sonorous sentences will not always bear the test of a too critical examination—it must still he conceded that the words are well chosen and musically arranged, the ideas ennobling, the plots dearly and consistently unfolded, the characters boldly drawn, the business well balanced, end the points strikingly presented. Be it remembered that, mi the mechanical cans traction of a drama in a very great measure its. success depends; and this was a point on which Bolwer Lyttou expended the greatest oare. It is safe to predict that so long as human hearts are moved by the same passions and feelings as now plays such as those of the Lyttonian school will be popular with a very large section of the community, even when the world has reached the educational millenium in which enthusiasts hope to see the beginning at least of the ultimate perfection of the race. That such characters as the great Cardinal Duke afforded full scope for the display of histrionic talent has long since been recognised by the leaders of the stage, and there is no dramatic artist of any eminence who has not included the role in his list of leading parts. Mr. Creswick's impersonation of the aged statesman who so long ruled the destinies of France was looked forward to with some amount of expectation — first because it is said to be one of his best performances, and also because it was felt that it should be one in which he would appear to considerable advan tage. In these respects anticipation was not disappointed. To say that the representation of Bichelieu given on Saturday night was a finished one is to give expression to a truism which must i be felt to be unnecessary by all who know that , it was presented by the celebrated actor Mr. Creswick. He gave a realistic exposition of the part, and one which acted so powerfully on the feelings of his audience as to draw forth re peated bursts of applause. He was admirably made up, and the appearance of decrepitude in the aged over- worked statesman was faithfully assumed. Mr. Creswick displays the highest culture of his art in the manner in which he leads up to the strong points,yet when they are reached there is no attempt to make them too prominent or force them on the at tention of the audience. They are given with due force and earnestness, but with no undue straining after effect, and are consequently really the more telling. If there is one quality which Mr. Creswick displays more than another it is that of thorough conscientious ness in all he does. There is no hurry, no slurring over portions of the text and business that are not specially effective, hut the discretion acquired by a life-long practice is apparent in each part of his imper sonation, whether it be in depicting tte clever plausibility of the courtier, the scheming of the diplbmatist, the martial ardour of the soldier churchman, the enthusiasm of the patriotic minister, or the vicarious happiness of the tender father in witnessing the happiness of his adopted children. All these qualities are necessary to properly depict the Bichelieu of Bulwer Lytton, and all are cleverly delineated by Mr. Creswick. In several of the best known scenes the audience were quite unable to repress their feelings, and the business was at times interrupted by bursts of applause. The veteran actor was recalled at the termination of nearly every act, and came forward to bow his acknowledgments. "Bichelieu" was repeated on 'Monday and Tuesday. MR. CRESWICK AS HAMLET. Of coarse it was to be expected that Mr. Creswick would play Hamlet, and natarally every one who had seen him previously in other parts was anxious to witness his appearance in this confessedly most difficult role. As a con sequence, on "Wednesday night, when " Hamlet' was announced, a brilliant house assembled witbin the walls of the theatre. The majority of those present most have bee lolly satisfied with the performance, and those whose expectations had not been of a very glowing nature must have felt that their antici pations had been far more than realized in every respect. When due allowance is made for the ., fact that with Mr. Ores wick the heyday of the blood is passed, and that our idealof the Danish Prince," the glass of fashion and the mould of form," is essentially a young man, all who wit nessed the powerful impersonation of the role as presented by Mr. Creswick will agree that his Hamlet deserves to rank high amongst those of the leaders of the profession. The endurance required to play such a heavy part with any degree I of spirit is in a man of Mr. C res wick's years something to be marvelled at, and if his voice and action lack in some degree the freshness-and vivacity ef youth, the Ion is to a greet degree compensated for by the study and polish dis played in each sentence of the text and the ap prppriatenesa and grace of each gesture. These are acquirements which nothing but intelligent' atndy and life-long practice can confer. The devoted attention that has been given to perfecting the character is apparent throughout, ] and. though on the whole Mr. Ores wick's reading coincides with those of Kean and Brooke rather than with that of the Feohterian school, to winch Montgomery -and i Favdoogh belonged, yet there are compromises. For instance, in dreniag the part, though Mr. . Creswick retains the tonisof black velvet and bugles, with the long cloak, he wears a? flowing flaxen wig, blonds moustache, and small double pointed heard, la some of the disputed paints in fits text he follows modern usage, hat in others retains the words as they were formerly rendered. Thus he says a " pod kissing carrion" not a good kissing camon, ana " I know a hawk front a hem short," "not handsaw; but in "the oslebrated soliloquy, " To be or not to be," he says " the stings and arrows^ instead of " slings and arrows," and "sea of troubles," not" stays." For this he certainlykas authority ; still it must he admitted that the metaphor is somewhat mixed in the older versions, but " "Whether tie nebler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune. Or to take arms against a siege of troubles, And by opposing end them" ' carries out the idea of an assault against the brain of an army of troubles. In the satfib soliloquy we aTe at a loss ts understand why Mr. Creswick interpolates several words not in the text whieh do not improve the metre. There are several alterations in Hie usual business of the play from what we have been accustomed to. In the ghost scene a very gobd effect is obtained by making the apparition when on the ramparts' disappear behind a buttress, which then becomes _ transparent, and the spirit ad dresses its speeoh to Hamlet in view of the audience with a limelight thrown upon it. This is certainly effective, but it has the counterbalancing disadvantage that Hamlet being in shadow and with his back for the most of .the tune to. the audience the workings of his countenance cintlot.be Been.' Possibly.as" the"". limelight was'riot working well on,the first representation this was a defect which may he obviated In Act 3 the play - scene is differently ■efe nieirdm? which' aemb«i the^jfla^erf staga Is set on the promptjnde, the King's anal Queen's chain being put.~weH. over7 tojtiie. "op: side. rStb&s;' are , placed' for Hamlet and Ophelia in the centre wellback. Sni this arnuii^eiit ^he 0Qlbok»r has the vantagebfalwigrs see^Hamletfa fall face, but from both Sides pbrtioHsbf theaudienoe have .some difficult in seeing what is going on; ■ at the wings hexc fo ihem. In the aeehewith.: Rosenoahtz and Guildenstem the twinging in of the pipe was much more naturaUydbna than' iansually the case. As arule Horatio walks In withthepipein his hand vntfcout any apparent motive bdt that of bringing it to Hamlet, who seems to he waiting for it, A -few minutes before, at the abrupt termination of the play, Hamlet has said to Horatio—"Come, some music; oome, the recorders !" Mr. Oreswick makes Horatio return daring Hamlet's scene witii the two 8pies,brkjgrng in the musician8,from ope Of whom the Prince takes his instrument, Warning the last comers away, and then goes on .; with the illustration of his. thought by means of { the pipe. The Queen's mom, where she meets her son, was also a new feature; It was* en- : closed .with an arias—properly so called— j that is, it was a portion of a larger apartment screened off by mediaeval tapestry, j with a small table and crucifix in .one corner, ^ near whibh -are tire full-length pictures; of-'the - late and reigning king. In frOnt of the crucifix; and also of bis father's portrait Hamlet sinks ; upon his knees after his rnbther has left the 1 room.. . . In these days, when we hear so much pant abont the decadence of the stage, it is pleasing to find that notwithstanding the exceedingly ! inclement weather such a number of people 1 should show their appreciation for high- I class drama by turning ont to see it presented ; by one who is known to be a fitting expo- { nent of our greatest dramatist's masterpiece. On the question of the true condition of Hamletfa mind it is not necessary now to speak. It has been conceded that for making the stage representation less beset with difficulty Hamlet : shall be caused to assume the appearance of j madness to serve bis purpose. This -the author ; doubtless intended that his hero should do, for, j as-we have before said, we believe that Hamlet's 1 mind was really unhinged, and that he suffered j from what is now known as dementia, which 1 would cause him to appear perfectly sane at ! times land even permit him to make use of his malady as a cloak for his designs. It is to be j hoped that the time is not far distant when some histrionic genius will arise who will be : able to reconcile. the apparent contradio- ] tions and present us with ah nnmutilated Hamlet. It is nonsense to say that it would be impossible to act that part effectually from this standpoint. Shakspeare was too great a master of his art to hare placed language in the month of his great dharaoter : which could not properly be given as a whole. It would be just as sensible to suppose that one of the great musical composers would hare written a composition which he knew could not be performed. In both cases the high quality of the work throws difficulties in the way of its production, but it is to be rendered as written, and when properly so rendered must be most effective. Mr. Creswick has, we think, seen that the usual ideal ef Hamlet as a sane man is not the correct one, and gives the impression at times that he conceives the actions of the unfortunate young Prince to have been swayed by an ungovernable frenzy, and yet when the fit is past that he was to aQ intents and purposes a sane man. With this idea he makes a distinction between Hamlet's melan choly and passion in the earlier scenes and his bursts of bitter anguish and wild excitement in the latter acts. The shock which his mind receives on seeing his father's spirit and having his worst suspicions so snpern&turally; confirmed was forcibly presented. All through the first scene with the ghost Mr. Creswick was visibly restraining himself, yet he so worked on the feelings of the audience thst many had the greatest difficulty in withholding their applause until the proper time. The distraction of the overstrung mind was finely depicted at the close of the first act in the scene with Horatio and Marcel]us, and when the curtain fell there was a loud shout of applause and Mr. Creswick was recalled. In thesoliioqny, "Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I," the strong overmastering passion was very powerfully represented; but we missed the little touch of intense pathetic grief with which Montgomery used to render the words. "' Kindless villain," where the wronged and sensi tive man falls into a seat overcome by his .-motion. At the end of this act there was also in enthusiastic recall. Befereace has already been mads to the monologue "To be or not o be." It was delivered very slowly and im Tessively, but was not so effective as other ortions. In the scene with Ophelia Mr. Cres wick achieved a triumph. He showed in an inmistakable manner the conflicting emotions with which the breast of the weak-willed young Prince was wrung, and depicted Hamlet for die time being as quite beside himself and irresponsible for his actions. The intense jgoaj with which he repnlsesyet clings to the one woman in the world whom, he loves was very touching, and evoked demonstrative tokens of appproval. The play-scene and closet-scene were also splendid samples of histrionic ability. In the latter the -ffect on the house was painfully im pressive, and the fall of the onrtain was felt to be a relief. The final scenes were in keeping with those which had preceded them, and at the end of each act the veteran actor was called out and cheered to the echo. All who were present will, we feel sure, agree that to have seen Mr. Cres wick's Hamlet is a treat not often to he had ] in a lifetime. Space will not .permit -iu to "<peak of the other performers in this notice, hut all, ef nearly all, the roles were exceedingly well filled. " Hamlet" was repeated on Thursday. 