CHAPTER THE FOURTH. . t - A'JRKMSIKIHT Exomta. ^ ; - , The rojliog ti<lo.cam£ up along the eands But never home came she. Mrs. Muirhead, shrinking back from the white glare of the moonlight into the dark -gloom of the hut" Shadow whispered to George, . " Was that you playing ? or is there some one else here? I daren't be seen." "Madam" said Fitzroy, "whatever may be the matter you iieed not mind nor fear the player. He is somewhat such an one as L As it is evident you trust in me, I take it upon myself to say that you may also place every confidence in him. Oome inside, if there be no immediate pressing danger, and for God's sake tell me what I can do for you. Why oil earth are you here ? Have you lost your way? " _ ' " Lost my way.? Yes, indeed, in sober truth I think I nave. O Mr. Fitzroy what must I, can I. do ? I am beset with misery ? " Without waiting for immediate answer, Mrs. Muirhead entered the poor, wretched gunyah, but very timidly and nervcuBly. Halliday, who had heard the words spoken outside, bowed to her as she came in. His whispered, " aB I thought!" was audible to Fitzroy who stood in the doorway looking as if lost in the very lowest depths of profound astonishment. The lady sank down on the log-seot. The flickering flame light shone ruddily on Halliday'a face as he stood facing her. " Mrs. Muirhoad I perceive," said hf "doesn't remember Charles Halliday?" . The lady threw up a short, quick, inquisitive glance t Memory triumphed! Then she buried her beautiful face in her small white hands. . The fire glare cast a glimmering sheen upon the golden circlet that clasped her tender wrist. A minute passed and then she nerved herself to speak. " I have not forgotten you," she said, " as this will tell you." And ns she f-poke, she showed him the bracelet that in long past days he had given to her, when Blanche Evelegli, the bracelet which George Fitsiroy had found upon the run. i " But how 'Same you. here ? " she asked of -Halliday in a dreamy tone of ! voioe. ' ---• - - I came laflt evening as a beggar to this gunyah, seeking beggar's^ fare ivictiuds and shelter. I fopnd ! 2ts- tenant to bo a friend—in fact the l>va£her of one once very ,dear both to you and me—the brother of him who lies at rest near Delhi." George Fiteroy noticed the change ,of Mrs. Muli-head's countenance from the hectic fhislmess it had worn when she ran up to him outside the giwyab. to a deadly whiteness. He handed to her a pannican of water. Brink this," he said. She drank, and did not faint: £>ut sat motionless like a ghost sncomp.isstd by a huge bewilderment. Halliday played a few ^ow notes on the flutina. They teemed to recall past memories, for the lady wepfc. Her tears were a sweet relief to a sorely burdened mind. " What can we do ? " fooled rather than whispered Fitzroy to Halliday, who answered by putting his- finger to his lips. For. a brief space there was silence. Presently Mrs. Muirhcad started up, asking excitedly, " Are those -footsteps out-Me? " .' '" " ' ' . ' ; , v " f To be ctmtmnecl 