NOTES BY CANIS. The Australian coursing season -was opened by our Vic torian friends a fortnight since with a 16-dog stake at Hcathcote, where an unknown named Ten of Spades proved the best trump. Next day the amateurs mustered at Craigie burn, where Sethos, a South Anstralian dog, owned by Mr. Hart, won the Stakes, with Mr. Clarke's Vagabond as the runner up. Mordecai, by Black Watch, proved the best of the dog puppies; and Waif, by Charon, carried off the first prize for sluts. The real ?work of the year did not open until April 4th, and then Sir S. Wilson's grand coursing country became the trysting ground of the Ballarat club, of which the Laird of Ercil doune is president. The meeting extended over two days, to run off a 32-dog stake of G guineas each. A number of the most prominent metropolitan coursers took part in the meet ing, one of them proving the victor ; and all who know what Mr. Renwick has done to promote the sport must con gratulate him on the performance of his clever Red Rover slut, Desdemona. Another visitor, Mr. J. Middlemas, of Geelong, formerly one of the best rifle shots in Australia and a regular intercolonial match man, owns the runner up — a Cashier slut, half sister to his Lorna Doone. From what I have heard of the latter' 6 performances on the Werribee Plains she ought to be just the tiling for Bathurst, if any who hold a Cup nomination could arrange tor her. In point of a monetary return to winners in proportion to the entrance money, this Cup is the most liberal stake ever run for m Australia, and that it has been ex ceeded in England is doubtful. It will pay some of our Victorian friends to send their best for it, as they have no big stake to go for there until the middle of June. At the same time they must not expect such an easy win as they had with Windemere in 1877. Bathurst will be much more strongly represented, so also will Sydney. Last year there was no' public trainer located at the former city, and what was called training was at most but an amateur effort. Now they have capital fennels atTattersall's, under the manage ment of Mr. Tonkin, the proprietor's brother. For the Cup he has Morning Star, who shaped grandly in the Victorian Derby, until quite disabled by being cat in stony ground. Factor, a powerful Breadalbane dog, who ran very unfit last year, is his kennel companion, as is also Mr. Read's General Peel, got by the grandly performed Marathon out of Glacier, and own brother to (Jill Gill and Gee Gee. This dog has never had a chance yet, and it is quite on the cards for him to see the end of the stake. Mr. Tonkin has also charge of the Leger entries of Messrs. M'Phillamy, Hellyer, and Read, besides Leo, entered by mine host Round the corner genial old George has at the Newmarket two Marathons and a fawn slut by Snowstorm. One of the former is Orviile, that ran in the August Puppy Stakes, and performed bo poorly that Mr. Orbell's chance of the Cup with him I cannot have at any price. Stella is much more likely to stand in for the third round ; nor has Mr. Hulk's Anacreon a much better chance unless he has vastly improved. Carpenter's pair of Snowdons must be much better than anything of his yet seen in public slips to have a ghost of a chance for the Leger, unless they are as clever as that brilliant performer, Lily. Out at Dockairne I find that Hindmarsh is hard at work getting Barunah, Lad of Clifton, Maida, and Maid of the Mill ready for the Cup. There is a fifth, yclept Chang, with as much chance of being the victor as the Chinese giant, unless by some extraordinary combination of circumstances. Barunah is the pick of the basket, and next to him I fancy little Maida. Lad of Clifton, a powerful black and white dog by Blackburn and bred in the West of England by Mr. Lang, was selected by Mr. H'Quade, but arrived too late for the Bathurst Cup last year. His subsequent perform ance in the Waterloo did not stamp him as a wonder. Per haps now that he is acclimatized he may prove better ; if he does he may have a chance. Dr. Tassell's Jezebel, bred at Lord St. Vincent's kennels, is a rare determined goer, and if fit will eclipse some of the visitors' hopes. Mr. W. Lee's Nydia, though very fortunate last year, is not a second Coomassie, and his second string Ida not so good. Mr. M'Quade has an own brother to Nydia I should prefer to either. Mr. Cousin's Guardsman xnav be placed with the outside division. A much better 'candidate is George Matthews's Gee Gee if she ifi brought out right, and has not deteriorated from previous performances. Sportsman, the property of Mr. Suttor, was imported for a good judge in Victoria, and though parted with for a few pounds shaped well at the August meeting; but is not good enough to hold Barunah, Gee Gee, Jezebel, or Morning Star, and these four I take to be the pick of the contingent now doing their work on the plains. Amongst the puppies training there I cannot see a Leger winner unless it is of the Windermere pair. Next week I purpose to feay something of the Sydney dogs in tended lor the meeting. 