SCENE II. EVENIxG is drawing near, but the black ness of her robes is not all her own. The lost man marks the gathering gloom and is uneosy. Wiinter is near-he knows the treachery of the season and all the dangers of the first great snow storm. Alas! why did he venture? Gold, for which all risk life, tempted him. His fagged steed moves lio ears to and fro uneasily- turns and sunuffs toward the west. There is .woight, moiriure, in the gloom. Undecided, the lost mani looks about him. Like the sea, the deep silence roars in his ears. Now frag ments of clouds, slow moving, approach and ereep along the ground close beside him. Dusk rises, threatening up from her lair in the near abyss and stands before him. She stretches her shapeless arms about the base of the mountains ; herterrore glide along the low ravines, skulling from bush to bush. VWhere shall the lost man turn P Hcark ! a house dog bays from the step of his master's cabin ! Was that the home-like tinkle of a cow-bell? Ahli no; these are sounds that belong miles on miles below, more than a day's journey away. Echoing memory for a moment cheated him. Hist ! What is that which, like the long-drawn sigh of the ghost, breathes through the silence P How qnisly the lost man turns and peers into the gloom behind him! Pshaw! 'twas but the voie of the wind awed to a whisper--rebuked by te dread fpen Blent h. ,.we- bua the win--. '?"'B~ itPi : -?. a" ',?? '"a .-?, " .??... whisper it said much to him. He under stoodand shuddered. Hishorse dropped his head still lower and shook his shaggy sides until the pack on his back clattered again. The poor beast understood what was whispered by the breeze. There was no snow on his back--not yet--but the horse mknew what was meant by the wind. The clatter of the pack was not loud-would not have been at another place-but the lost man started and looked quickly about him; he feared that the huge peaks standing around might be startled into letting fall the great rocks lying in their laps. At last the lost gold-hunter moves. Driving his weary horse before him, he gazes earnestly at what looks like the black shadow of a cloud--a small dark spot many miles away. It is a grove of living trees that he sees-a grove of firs in a mountain gorge far below. Rugged are the ways of the wilderness and the feet of the weary find many stlmbling places. Weary is the lost man! woary the beast he urges. Bruises rebuke his haste, and stubborn shrubs rear their antlered heads and avenge on his flesh and garments his every display of contempt for them. The wind whispers more hoarsely and boldly along tha rugged groand. It is yet far to the grove--to where the fir trees stand osilent and dark. Timidly the lost man glances upon the heaped and distorted rocks as he hastens past them. He is foolish to be afraid. There are no faces looking at him over jagged tops-no faces peeping from their dusky chinks. How dark it grows! Who can now see the tops of the hoary peaks around- whose eye look into the darkness at their feet P Soon the gnomes of the mountain hills will be abroad, the ghosts of the dead races walk ! The lost man puts his hand quickly to his cheek; he gazes up in fear at the gloom in the sky, urges his horse in a hoarse, hurried voice, forho heas just felt the fall of the firit snow flake. His strained eyes have still in view the dark clump of fire, but it is far, far to their shelter. 