INSOLVENCY. Amongst the many drawbacks due to our isolated position, the absence of any machinery for dealing with insolvency should not be overlooked. Although we are to all intents and purposes, an integral portion of South Australia, we are practically without the means of employing the salutary powers of the Statute for governing Insolvents. If the law which is daily administered in Adelaide be good and necessary for the healthy preservation of trade and the welfare of the community, it is only reasonable to suppose that its adoption here would be equally beneficial. We believe it is possible for a person who is pressed by his creditors to fly to the Insolvent Court by telegraph, and by that means to “file his schedule,” but he cannot complete the purifying process by “whitewashing,” without going before the “Commissioner”! In all civilized and enlightened countries the laws humanely distinguish the difference between obligations incurred in the fair course of trade and speculation, and those brought on through fraud and misrepresentation. The difference between misfortune and cheating is properly recognized, the one being pardoned after wholesome admonition, while the other is deservedly punished. The debtor is not necessarily a thief, any more than the creditor is of necessity virtuous and honourable. The exigencies of trade often drive the seller to fish in somewhat dirty water, in which he is apt to catch a buyer that turns out to be an odd and unpalatable “piscis”! If there were no such thing as credit—if people would be content to buy only what they had the money to pay for—if “booking,” the “slate,” and “chalking up” were done away with—if we had self- denial enough to do without whatever we hadn’t the cash to purchase —if, in short, we lived within out actual means, the world would be ten times happier, and there would be no need of Insolvent Courts, but as we are not all political economists, and do not as yet live in Utopia, we must take things as they are and endeavor to make the best of them. As matters now stand in the Northern Territory, we think we are right in saying that neither creditors on the one hand, nor debtors on the other, are contented. Special summonses and unsatisfied judgments do not always evoke cash, and the old saying of “Yon cannot take the ‘breeks’ off a Highlandman” is too often realized. There are some amongst us who have been insolvent for years, who have long since given up even dreaming of getting out of debt, and have, consequently, lost all heart, pluck, and enterprise. Haunted by the ghosts of unsatisfied judgments, their only hope in this life is to stow away in the coal- hole of some departing steamer. Now, without taking the part of the debtor, or wishing to screen him from the responsibility of his monetary obligations, we conceive that when a man becomes hopelessly involved the best thing for himself and his creditors is to “wind him up”! If he has been criminally ill- doing or dishonest, let him be punished. If he has been simply unfortunate, admonish him and let him go, there may then be a chance of his doing some good for himself and for those who trusted him, but never, if there are bills-of-sale and unsatisfied judgments hovering over him. What we want is a simple enactment empowering the Special Magistrate in Palmerston to act as Commissioner of Limited Insolvency, where the liabilities do not exceed say £200, and when the credit has been obtained in the Territory. Large mercantile affairs involving transactions with persons in the other colonies need not be interfered with, they can protect themselves. Powers should be given to the Commissioner to punish by imprisonment in cases of fraud, misrepresentation, or habitual drunkenness. We also think it would be a wise thing to frame a clause enabling a person who was pressed by one or more of his creditors to go before a Special Magistrate, lay a statement of his affairs before him including a declaration as to the probable means of effecting payment, and on the magistrates being satisfied about the bona-fide intentions of the debtor, he should be empowered to grant an order of protection for any period not exceeding six months, in other words that time should be given, in deserving cases, to enable a man who had been unlucky to try and pull himself together, and that during this interval no one creditor should command an advantage over another. Provision would, of course, have to be made to enable creditors to oppose the granting of such “orders of protection” which, as a rule, should only be allowed when a person could show that he had a likely opportunity of redeeming his credit. If such a measure as we have roughly indicated were passed into law, its effect might possibly be to reduce the system of credit which has grown beyond all reasonable bounds and threatens to demoralize the community. There are some people who never think of paying and who would feel grossly insulted if asked for cash. Living on the credulity and blind faith of the tradesman, their chief occupation is to sham work and invent specious excuses for the absence of money. Waiting for remittances which never come, or for the death of some rich relative who won’t die; their time is passed in manoeuvring to keep out of the clutches of the Bailiff. 