DOGS AKD GHOSTS. A gEntxekak named Eomanes has been anxioas to find out whether doge are believers in ghosts and Epbitnalism, and' has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a knowledge of which the world is indebted to the JlVtr Tori: Time*. Mr. Bomanes began his researches into these mysteries with a bone ; and t-lire, the critic saye oi him, ' is alone sufficient to Bnow the heartless and irreverent character of tiie man. If there is anything which a dog holds as peculiarly eacred it is a bone. A terrier vfll submit to be deluded by- £Jse representations that there are eligible cats in the coal-scnttle, or that the piano is foil of rats, but be feels that bones are too sacred to be wade the subject of jest.' Mr. Romanes, however, took the bone, and tied round it a thin flflken thread; and just as the little Scotch terrier with which his investigations were conducted was is the act of seiang it, hie master rfffirfy drew it away. The poor dog regarded the me ring hone with an amazement which found expression in erect ears and a. tail ffradnally thrust between his hind legs, and becoming convinced, as Mr. Bomanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, mcontineutJy fled, horling dismally. On the whole, the Near Tori Titan considers that the dog behaved much more sensxfciy than many men would have dooe under a Etaular bebef, ' In all probaVjaity,^ tiie journal eays, 'h*a Mr. Romanes ever seen a. piece of roast beef in tbe act of crnisitig unassisted anmnd the table, he would instantly have asked it preposteroos questions, and would subsequently have let his hair grow long, and have become a con firmed Spiritualist- Hie intelligent dog did none of these things, bat as soon as he decided that be had seen a spiritual bone, he refused to have anything more to do with it, and con tinued to wear his hah- of the usual length, and to dine to that faith m which be was educated,' Mr. Romanes was not yet satisfied however. He took a pipe, got some soap and water, and began to blow bubbles along the floor. It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were not a new triad of particularly dangerous cat, but presently be put bis paw on one, and it of coarse collapsed. He tried a second and it likewise vanished, and then, recollections of the ghostly bone overwhelming him, again he fled. Still Mr. Romanes was not satisfied. He proceeded to ' make faces ' at his victim, and the grimaces be made were so hideously ugly that we are told the dug mistook him for the worst ghost he bad ever seen, whereupoa he crept under the so£a and tzied to die. Lovers of dogs wul sympathise with the poar littie terrier ; and if Mr. Romanes cuutinua, his mvestigations wiE hardly xegret io hear that he has had to deal with a lazger dog which pursues a more spirited policy with regard to ghosts. — Ti*e fcetun^ Standard. The exhibition opened yesterday (says the Emwy Am of tiie 24th ultimo), afforded raa&y; sodicatioaia that we ate ha,vingih£ shows too freo uently. There is fap*J- stock coming forward ererv vear that may well be exhi bited; bat, m other departments, there is not the same process of regular grwth. A great number of people wfll be ********* to the fancy fair in the Exhibition Building, and it wOl serve to interest and amuse many of our country friends ; but it is not likely to serve any of thit higher &nAn; -jf F.vfpl-it'jTi^. It ^^ not drawn out mnch invailive talent, and it scarcely affords a fair comparison of the various industries of the colony. Kotvith cfrarwifng the difficulty of jSLtherini* together at good local show, it appeara from Mr. Hay 'a speech yesterday that- tbe project of h*J-lmg an Intercolonial Exhibition, next year, is etin entertained- Queensland is also fXYntt*nnv^i^?r*f' ™ Tntafnr^ti fm h^ in I860, and Victoria has an nounced one for an early period. It is to be feared that the colonies are bent upon making themselves ridiculous, for sut ** i'nt^rn^aYMia| Exhibition '' worthy of the name is beyond tiie power of 'New South Wales and Victoria com bined, to say nothing of Queensland. Let us rather be satisfied with what we can accom plish weO- An Intercolonial Exhibition held m turn at Melbourne, Sydney, and Brisbane, would be well supported, and we might ar range a grand Centennial at Sydney in ten years time. If we have a succession of pre tended ' International Exhibition, ' we snail destroy all chance of obtaining the co- opera^ tsoti oi the EoropesQ f^^onn for our ot^j^1 effort. The Prevention or Small-Pox Epidemiol — Dr. Collie, in a paper which he read recently at the Epidemioiogical Society, expressed his disbelief in tbe compulsory vaccination laws. He would make vaccination voluntary, bat to accomplish this, he was of opinion that ft should be performed by state officers solely, and he held to include revaccmation about pubertv. On a-l-na subject of tiy* vaccination laws, there may fairly 1* a. difference of . opinion as to whether' they should be com pulsory or not ; but it seems to us, writes tbe Britidi Medical JonrtntL that it would be in advisable at present to make any alteration of the existing statutes. However, the necessity for reraccmation cannot be too strongly insisted on, and we folly agree with Dr. Collie that efficient vaccination should be held to include revaccmation about puberty. The experience of every succeeding c^Baeniic of small-pox shows, in the clearest possible a»aiwiatyt the iBUBJOHXtv fcw» UtiR j^iwyi which those enjoy who have'been reraccmated ; -and, although there are one or two cases of small pox after revaccmation on record, the absolute immunity conferred on those engaged in attendance on the sick, when revaccmated, fiwm« tfJi* mmst. mHuJiwri**** nrvmf anf «+k apffim/nr to ward off this loathsome disease ; and we do not t^FT^ that we are stating jnore xhan tbe acts of the case warrant us. when we say that, were sytstematic reviccanatwn about puberty enforced with the same care as primary vacci nation in infancy is at present, small-pox would be almost unknown among us. 