THE, YSTERY OF CECIL .ROSE, CHAPTER XXIX. UPro the north-west coast of Scotland, in it region of. utter wildness and savageness, over w]hichlbroods :tdrnally an air of awfull desolhtiosr, a' dreary promontory pushes itself boldly, out into the seething sea, like tihe head ofisouel huge and terrible monster. This pronmontqry is known as Black Rock. Its precipitous face rises steeply from the ocean to a height or several hundred feet, and in its many jagged crevices the elder ducks breed un?molested by even the most adventurous hunter. Sea-gulls circle about its top,. filling the air with their wild ,screams, adding their share to the weird' strangeness of the scene. . Black Rock is far remote from all the haunts of men. The nearest cluster of fishermen's huts or shcpllherd's cabins is many, many miles away. No adventurous: tourist ever treads the dangerous mountain passes that lead to Black Rock ; no guide-. book ever contains its name. It is supposed to be out of the pale of human socking, and even the fishermen upon the coast give it a wide berth because of the treacherous, hidden rocks outlying it, their pointed, jagged tops, like sharks' teeth, ever gaping for prey. .Yet despite the terrible loneliness of a siot so forsaken by mani, and apparently forgotten by its Creator, a house stands upon the summit of B3lack IRock-a long, low, gray stone house of rambling shape, "with a tall lookout tower commanding a magnificent view of the sea. The house is hidden in a thick. growth of scrubby pines "and hemlocks, so as scarcely to be seen from the scai, or even from the land until one stands at its very portal. The old house 'of Black Rock has a tragic history in keeping with its surroundings. A Apowerful H-ighland family once .dwelt within its walls. This family became re duced in size as in power until at last two brothers', the last of their race, only re mained to keeop the old hearth-stone warm. These brothers, born in one hour. and de votedly attached to each other, as twins are apt to be, fell both in love with the same lady, a beautifiul Lowland heiress. She played fast and loose . with them, snd secretly engaged herself to both. With the new love came the bireakiug-up of the old. Jealousy crept in and made ia wide breach between the two young :men who had never before in pll their lives known an hour's alienation. The youngest son, fiery, impetnous, and ,passionate, yet withal noble and tender hearted, retired to the wild Highland fast ness, confident of the faith of his betrothed, andicneditating upon schemes of reconciling his brother to his expected marriage. That brother remained in Edinburgh, and paid such assiduous court to the Low land heiress that she, discovering him to be the heir of his ancestral estates, yielded to his pleadings and became his bride. No intimation of the marriage was sent to the young and trusting lover at BlacIk Rock. The happy husband, unconscious of the -treachery of his bride, planned to surprise his brother, and bought and fitted up a beautiful yacht, in which he sailed with his false young bride for his northern eyrie. In those days the place lacked much of the, desolation of the present time. A score of Highland servants, trusted old retainers, 'who were in reality humble friends of the family, filled the servants' hall. The stables 'contained many horses of rugged Highland breed. Boats filled the little harbor shel tered by-the promontory. Guests thronged the great halls and quaint low drawing rooms, coming many days' journey and often remaining months at a time. The gardens were bright with bloom during the brief summers, and all the year round the Black Rock conservatories held a wealth of tropical blossom and verdure in striking contrast to the rugged native productions. To this home the favored elder brother brought his wife. The yacht sailed into the little harbor one summer afternoon near the hour of sunset, and the gay bridal-party, numbering a score of persons, came swarm ing up the cliff by the flight of steps cut in the rocks. They were met at the main entrance, upon the viry threshold, by the deceived younger twin. The elder gaily introduced his wife. The younger stood appalled like a statue of marble. But as lie compre hended the whole fatal truth, how lie had been tricked and deceived by the smiling coquette he had so trusted, passion over :came the love of a lifetime, a very whirl wind of fury seized his soul. Hle leaped baclward, caught from the wall of the great hall a sword his grandfiather had wielded in some memorable battle, tore it from its scabbard,, and hurled himself upon his brother. Before the horrified spectators could recover from the stupor of mnaze ment that held them enthralled, the hap .1s' bridegrdom fell to the floor, literally hlew to pieces. ''The murderer, horror-strickon at his crimne, backed his way to the edge of the cliff, protecting his retreat with the dripping sword, and hurled himself over the precipice Shto oternity. H'Iis mangled col-pso was found.l among the rocks and buried with a stake driven through its.hIcast. SThe bride became i hopeless maniac, amind lingered out liher long life in a padded cell in as ilsane asylmn at Edinburglh. The scene of the tragedy was abandoned bly tihe old retainers, the old house was closed, and only one couple was found to remain upon the estate. Thely dwelt ill a hiut near tile great house, bunt wero careful n?eer to visit it after nighltfall. The pro perty reverted to a distant coeisection of tihe faulily who was wealthy anid never visited his new acquisition. T'hie fields cld pas tures went to waste, the Ilighland cattle fgrdw wild and fierce, tihe gardens lucamie a wildceruiess, and the old stoiie-dwelling luegan to show signs of age. Fifty years had passed since the date of tihe tragedy, and the sceue of long-past gaity 1had become whiRt we haves described. Tile old housse was 1elieved to lie ihaunted by tlhe spirits of the two brothers ; and in fishers' hamlets, fifty miles downl tile coast, the story of the last of thle (Cathcai'ns was told ini shudderinug whisulrs in thie Gaelic tongue ishout thei smlking peat-fires on wintry. nights; and when a wilder blast of wind than usual blaw in from the Atlantic, the simple" peasants half-believed it the wail of those lost souls. The couple who had dwelt in the lust and taken some care of the estate, had removed to the southward when the infirmities of years crept on, and had. died there. No one had eveir been found to take their place; but The traditioii'of 'the spot sufliced to protect the house and' its contents from depredation and even from visits. From one year's enud to tihe other no one ever came by sea or land to desolate Black Rock, upon which so heavy a curse seemed to have fallen. But fishermen, occasionally sailing at a distance from the promontory, told of spectral lights that burned on dark nights in the old tower, and surmised that the ghosts of the Catlhcah-ns would nevdr-.-know rest while one stone of the old structure re mained upon anothller. Tihe time in which we introduce the old house to the atteNlt:ion of the reader is a blustering afternoon in that vefy month of -March when the London deteetives an nounced to LordiGlonliimu thdiiliolitf that CecilRosso was dead hrid that'ftii:ther search for lher would be tiiio 'los?lt A faint smoke was curling from one of the chimneys of the grey; rock sdwelliigc. SAt as small mulliboiiedwindow of the third, story of the tower aL i'rl stood looking out over the tops of the scrubby pines-at the sea. The panes of glass were small and diamond-shaped, and heavily set in lead, hi ancient fashion. The girl's face, wan and wistful, was pressed close against the win dow, while her eager, mournful eyes sur veyed tihe scene with intense dreariness. The sea, a leaden siu'face lashed to a white fury by tihe March wind, was nearly hidden by a thick white whirl of falling snow. The girl who gazed so wistfully. out into the storm was no ghost of a perjured co quette, but a living reality. She was slender and graceful as a willow, with a youthful majesty of bearing as remarkable as it rendered her distinguished. Despite her pallor and thinness, her splendid young beauty was unmarred in a single line or feature. The red-brown hair with a golden shimmer upon its loose waves, her red brown eyes with a golden glint in tihe depths reminding one of a yellow star re flected from a clear deep well, the tender, sensitive, lovely young mouth, tihe fLirness, the sweetness,tlhe unfaltering courage shown in look and attitude--surely these were the features and attributes of the lost young girl for whom so many had searched so long and vainly I The girl was Cecil Rosse I The room was large and long, and was connected by a half-open door, with a second chamber of similar size. There were four or five windows, all over looking the sea. There was.a wide and yawning fireplace, large as a small room. A fire of logs blazed in it. The floor was covered with a heavy but faded old carpet that had done good service sixty years be fore. A lalf-dozbn old-fashioned straight backed chairs and sofas of similar pattern, with a lady's work-table, a writing-table, and various other conveniences for lady-like employment, comprised the furniture. The low walls were hung with anceiliit tapestry of French manufacture and of great age. These hangings had formerly decorated the drawing-room, but had been removed to this chamber for greater convenience of repair. A high chair stood before a section of tapestry that had been enclosed in a small embroidery-frame. A needle threaded with red wool was thrust into tihe canvas. A second high chair close to the other sup ported a bas?et of gay balls of wool, a cushion for needles, and other appurtenances for sewing. Cecil had been hard at work until the waning light had compelled her to cease from her toil. She had been steadily at work for months upon her task of renova tion, and was physically tired, but tihe wistfulness and sadness of her face indi cated a depression of spirits also that was even harder to bear. The history of her sojourn at Black Rock House can be briefly told. The yacht that Mr. Pulford had chartered for his villainous purpose had made a long voyage up the western coasts of England and Scotland, encountering much bad weather, during which Cecil and old Gret chen kept their berths, and had finally conime to anchor about midnight one starlight night in Black Forest harbor. Miss Rosse, Gretchen, and Maria, the Portuguese stewardess, had been hurried ashore and piloted up to the house, which was found to be tenanted by two persons, a married couple, newly arrived, and to be opened and aired for occupancy. Miss Rosso and her servant believed them selves at Greycourt, in Yorkshire. The occupants of the house profited by their ignorance and did not undeceive thecn. The new-comers were shown to the rooms in the tower that had hastily been fitted up for them, and Maria established herself as Miss Rosso's especial servant and keeper. The yacht sailed away before daybreak and headed for Holland, according to Mir. Pulford's instructions. Mir. Piulford had improved uipon his original tplcc and bonught the yacht outright, at half its vwlue. Whenc the vessel arrived at Amsterdam hle was there to meet it. The seamiece who hlad beec oemployed upon it were nearely all foreigners. He disclharged them, and noted with satisfection that they slhipped in ai body the ncext daiy upoen an East Icdiacman, which found itself short-handciled on tile very eve of a voyage to Java. The ship sailed, anid Mr. Pulford hhed a suflicient crew to convey the yacht back to ILondons, where ihe succeededl in selling it withlin a monthi of its return. The couple vwho were foundi in charge of lcack Rock louse were an lderly and avaricious pair, iwho lad done Mr. PIulford much service in deays gone by, ccud who were too deeply in his powicer to gainsey his comnmndcis. As tlhey were to be well palid for thle work in liand, aucd as tie man wase s being eagerly sought for by the police iupoil some criminal echarge, their rsecireml(enlt to tlis sliude ws slewl regarded i el y them Isl an especial instauce of good feoreie, of wlich time'y were miore fha elomplt to take' ad veitnage. Miss losse and hler old servant vwere treatcid withl consideraetion and kiendnesse byi Ilr. and Mrcl s. Jarvis, as well as by Marica, the Portuguese woman, and not the faintest suspicion that they were actually prisoners ever crossed the minds of the pair. Many tlhings seemed strange to them in their new residence, and in the conduct' and appearance of their attendants ; but Cecil, who was keener-witted than Gretchen, was - too occupied with lier work to pay mutch hood to these indications. At first the girl had been delighted with the wildness and savage grandeur of the sconery, but when winter cane 'with its furious. northern blasts and drivilg storms the terrible loneliness of the place oppressed her. Sho:begaitto be tired of the'coaseless roar of the waves as they beat against Black. Rock, and to long for the sounds.of human life, the noise' of city streets, the! sighlt of more pleasanilt fces tllan these that met lier gaze in this strange new existence. She had made the best of her. sojourn in the remote highlands, having taklen loig' walks every day when the weather. peo mitted, attended by Gretchen and Maria, but there were weeks together when the high drifts of snow and tempestuous winds kept her within doors, to the detriment of her health and spirits. She was still looking out of tile window' when the door opening upon the stone corridor was pushed ajar and Gretchen came ien. " It's a wild night, 'Miss Cecil," said the old peasant woman. " The ll-sea beats against the rocks like the tolling of ai funeral bell. And the snow is whirling in great drifts. There'll- be no walking for a fortnight." Cecil turned about abruptly. " Don't prophecy such terrible tlhings, Gretchen," she exclaimed. '" I could never endure to remain here anotler fortnight.. I am anxious to return to London." " And so am I, my pet," said the old servant, affectionately. " Haven't I seen you pine and chafe at this prison-like place, although you are too brave and patient to say one word against it ? I-How comes on the work 2 " " It will be done to-morrow night. After nearly six months of constant labor, the task will be finished il a few hours." " And well finished too, Miss Cecil. You have faded your wools in the sun to make them match these faded tints, and you've fitted in your bits of canvas as if they lhad grown there, and you've designed figures to fill up tice missing places, and even Lady Trevor herself would be puzzled to find the places where the holes were. Her ladyship will pay you a good price, but you'll earn tile money, I'll say that." " It has been a hard winter's work; but I-shall not regret our coming if we can get away soon," said Miss RossC. " I had formed such different ideas of Yorkshire. It toolk us many days to reach this place-" "Beciso ive .were driven out of our course by bad weather," interrupted Gret chen, giving the captain's false excuse for the long voyage. " And this house is not at all like my idea of an English country seat," said innoccen Cecil. " It might be delightful in summer, but it is terrible ill winter. We have been storm-bound for months. We lave never seen a human being since we came here except the three - bdelonging to the' house. We miglit as well bh on a rock in mid-ocean, we lre seo cut off fibni all intercourse with the world. And thllse grim and awful mountains shutting us in upon tile landward side, and the grim and awful sea hemming us in on tilhe water side, make tlie spot seem a natural prison. York shire is very different from thle descriptiion of it in the geographlies. The scenery and the climate, the loneliness and desolation, coercespood to . my ideas of life near tihe north pole." S"I dlon'ts.kaow anythlling about geogr phies, Miss Cecil," responded the old peas ant woman, " but I wish we were back in Lolldon, or in our own dear Black Forest. The letters you've written to Mrs. Thomas, and tile new herr pastor at Zorlitz, and that I wrote to that kind MIr. Crafton, have never beeon sent, because Mr. Jarvis has not been able to leave this pllace over a day at a time. I noticed that Mrs. Jarvis called this estate Black Rock thie other day instead of Greycourt. She told me that it was known as Black Rock before Lady Trevor bought it, and I thought the old name the most appropriate." "I think so, too," said Cecil. " Iow dark it's growing ! Ring for lights, Gret chlen." The young girl took a last look into the white darekness without, but tile sea was no longer visible. She could not distinguish the whirling gusts of snow, and the sky was hidden from her. lkeenest glances. Gretchen rang for lights, and Maria brought eup two tall wax candles, which she deposited on tihe highe mantelpiece. The Portuguese woUlanc then drew out t small, rouuid table whicsh she proceeded to lay for supper. " How comes oil the eembroidery, miss ? " she inquired, in broken English, as she went on with her task. " It will be done to-morrow," replied Cocil. "And I must start for London the day after." "Oh, impossiblle I " exclaicied Maria. "The roads will be impassable for two weeks at least." " Thnu I must signal tho first fishing-boat I see," declared Miss Rosse. "I cannot stay here longer. My friends will bo ansxious about me. Some fishing vessel will carry me down tile coast to tie nearest town, I klnow." Maria's swartllhy visago darhened visibly. "You'd better be content, miss," slse replied, ill a constrained voice. " You'll ilave to stay a month or two, at tile least-" "I will not. If I cannot get arway iby boat, I'll try tie ro'id to the nearest housce," salid Cecil, ilavincg not the f'aintst s suspicion of hiow mansy chiles lSay betwoeen Black Rock aud tihe " Cearest houase." " GrOtchen te sd I cannotl enduire this solitlde longer. Isiall see MIr. JLarris to-morrow. IIe must con trivc some eplen to convey us to tile nearest town fhis very week." A taip act thi door amiuneeucd tlhe presence of Mrd;. larvis. Maria olbeyed the scumnons, rc?ceiving froat thie houselecas per a tray loaded with focld of excellent qlecitv, well-cooked accl well-s: rved. A vuuisue-stseak, ecteaming lhot, a pot of fraegraeut tea, hot roasted fpotatoes, aid crisp buttered toast, made ucp c' repasat sticient in quantity for tcwo persons. Miss Rosso dismissed Maria, and was waited upon by Gretchen, who jealously refused to allow the Portuguese to wait upon her young mistress at the table or the toilette. "Venison-steakl needs currant-jelly," said the old peisant- woman, whlo had learniedu many things besides ia tolerable knowledge. of the English language during her stay at Black Rock. " I wonder Mrs. Jarvis forgot it. I'll go and get it I " Unheeding Cecil's remonstrance, she hurried out. She came badck five minmtes later, pale and excited, trembling like a loaf, and having a most mysterious air. " H-ush I " shl whispered, holding up one finger warningly. " Follow me, Miss Cecil. Throw your cloak over your shoulders, for the halls are full of draughts. You under stand English so well that you will know what they mean better than I. Come, Miss Cecil. F'or the Lord's sake don't stop to question. There's somnetling np--there's' something terribly wrong going on-and we must find out what it is." CHAPTERn XXX. There was something so startled nud startling in the manner of old G(rotchen thatl Mliss Rosse was seized with a quick and vivid alarm. Slhe arose immediately, not stoppling to question the old wontan, and received from her servant's hands her large cloak, which she gathered about her shoulders. "Follow me, Miss Cecil," said Gretchen. " Not a word I Be silent as death-but come I " The old woman opened the door and led the way into the hall. They glided along over the stone floor, the cold gusts of winld that traversed the corridors striking a chill to Cecil's bones. Gretchen conducted her young mistress downl a flight of narrow stone steps throughl ai lower corridor, down another flight of steps, aud through ab long stone.passago in which impenetrablle dark ness reigned. Cecil clung to her old servant .as they sped on together. " Where are we going ? " whispered the young mistress, at last, beginning to recover fonom the vague terror that had rendered her so quietly obedient to Gret clhen's will. " To the litchen-the servant's hall ? " " Hush I " said the old woman, in a warn ing whisper. "Hero we are I " They had arrived before the massive oaken door leadipg..to the.l kitchen. Gretchen stooped and pepeil through the key-hole. Then arising she gently pressed her mistress to occupy her place. " Looke I" she whispered. Cecil involuntarily obeyed, Looking thlrough the immense and ancient key-hole she boeleld the interior of the large, low litchen, with its great fireplace filled with blazing logs, its dresser laden with dishes and tils, and a table in the glow of the firelight, upon wlhich was spread a bountiful supper. Around the table were gathered Mr. and Mrs. Jarvis and Maria, the Portuguese wolnan. The husband and wife were by no means a prepossessessing-looking pair. The former' was a man of middle age, with a squaro- built, her'ry frame, with brawny arms disliropostlolately-loimg; and with a-'bullet head set upon ai short, tlhick neck.. He. looked rough and coarse and brutal, and his mentl and moral character istics corresponded with his external ap pearance. Mrs. Jarvis was also middle-aged and heavily built. lhe hald more natural re finniesnt than her" husband, and her in tellect was also suporcior to his in strength and keeuness. But morally she was no better than he. The two -had sprung froni the lowest class of London life, and were famniliar with crime. The three had evidently finished their repast. The Portuguese woman was leaning both elblows upon the table, addressing her compnsions in very good English, she having acquired considerable facility in the use of that tongue since her arrival at Black Rock. Miss Rosse was about to rise and witllh draw from the contemplation of this scene, with ia sense of rising indignation against Gretchen for so needlessly alarming her, when her old servant, divining her intention, held liher in her place with a determined hand. In the same instant Maria's voice penc trated to tile young lady's ears. " The trouble we've so long looked for ward to is close at hand," Maria's sibilant tones were saying. " You may sneer at me if you will, but I repeat- this quiet young lady, witll liher soft and gentle ways, is likely to be a very troublesome customer. Once let her suspect the truth, and we shall have our hlands full I " " Shle iccdn't suspect the truth for a montll yet," observed Mrs. Jarvis. " Ono storm will succeed another, the roads will contiinue impassalble, and her going can be put off upon excuses as even sheo will have to accept as reasonable I " " But she means to signal a boat I " "'We nmust prevent that I " said Mr. Jarvis, with a rough oath. " There it is I " cried Maria. "If you prevet tihe signal, lihow are you going to keep from hlier the fact that she is a pri SOoicr " Cecil started. What could tlhey mean ? " Well," responded Mrs. Jarvis, coolly, "if slhe forces ns to tell her tlhe truth, let the truth be spoklen. As well first as last. Won't shle open hlier eyes rwhie she finds that she aint at Greycourt at all, nior in Yorkshire r- as she couldh't have bccn imposed on only for being ai foreigner \--and tlhat this aint no Lady Trevor's house." " And that her embroidery-worlk hals all been a Ilumslig," cried Mr. Jarvis. " And tlhat she lhas been a prisoner all thlse monthls while she thought herself so free," chimed in Maria. Cecil Rosse was appalled. Tlhat some stpcindous piece of villainy wais in pro gross, aiid that she wa's its intendcd vic tim, forced itself upon hlier convuictions. Slhe cliig to the door-knob, leaning upon it lheavily. "It's the rumnmiest piece of. i ,'iless I ever engaged into," observed Mr:h . I tris. " THere we've kept watch all tlhese monthsi over IL yOullg wouman Is never ihas evel imltgincd she was our prisoner, and has took hlier iwalks along of is kepcer-- you, Maria--nover suspecthig your real eharaEo or! It is tits beateslost thing I Lor', if that young woman know'd who we really is, she'd jest faint with horror l 11or deliket stnumicek couldn't stand the shock I " " An' such ia winter as we've had I " oxclaimed Mrs. Jarvis, discontentedly. " Snow and ico and wind till l'ml that sick of 'enr all I should prefor Botomy Bay. If we had that big suit of money as is pro mised us we could go wherover we liked, we could settle thatt tihero business of yours, Jarvis, with the police, and live like kings-that's what we could I " Yes, but the big sum of money as you ipeak of," responded Jarvis, " only comes under one condition." "And that condition is the girl's death I" said Mrs. Jarvis, in a low, suppressed voice, which yet distinctly reached the cars of the listeners. Cecil stood ias if petrified. There was it deadly meaning in the looks and tones of thll three plotters-a horriblo earnestness that would not permit her to doubt that they were speaking words of truth. But what was this frightful conspiracy against her ? Did sonime one seek her liberty, and even her lifo ? A cold sweat sprang out upon her face. Icer heart seened to cease its beating. Yet her hear ing, preternaturally quickened, heard all that followed. " If I get the sumn that's promised me," said Maria, her greasy dark face full of scheminig, " I shall go back to my own comstry and buy a house and keep a Sor vant and live like i lady. And I shall make a very good marriage with that dowry. I wish the girl was dead." " So do II " said Mrs. Jarvis, sullenly. "Her life is all that stands between me and what I most desire I "I suppose you know as that life is a small obstacle," said Mrs. Jarvis. " A very small obstacle, inldeed. And ous' employer, he wants her dead. What's to hinder our facilitaLtin' nattlr, so to speak ? " ' Tile three looked at each other with evil significance. Gretchen clutched her young mistress by the shoulder with an unconsciously fierce grip. " Well," said Mrs. Jarvis, slowly, "it is the spirit of our employer's words, if not the letter of 'cut, to hurry utip her death. We've done worse things, Jarvis, nor that." "I am willing," said Maria, eagerly. " I want my money. With that for a dowry I can marry ia mlan I klnow and set up a cabaret. l'd buy the house, and be mistress of it. I've got it all planced, and to be kept here by a slender girl-a mere baby in strengths-bah I I won't stand it, if you do 1 " " We ain't so exactly anxious to fool away time here neither," said Jarvis. " Why, the gal may live years if left to herself. Them slender uns is the very scratch for hanging on to life sometimes. And she's a strong-willed on, as brave as a lion. I've seen it in her eyes." " After you've taken a glass too much," said his wife, with i sneer. " We are all agreed, as we couldn't stand another winter here ? " " We are I " said the others, in i breath. \- 'Aid we'ro agreed as we'd like our money immediate ? " " le are I " " Then," said Mrs. Jarvis, " how are we going to get it ? How shall we get rid of the girl 2 Iow shall we compass her death 2 " Gretchen leanced more heavily uposi her young inistress, breathling hard. " Hush I " muttered Maria. " What's that noise " They all listened. A silence like that of death reigned. " It must have been a rat," said Jarvis. "There's awfuil rats in this house, big enough -to eat up it cat. I wish my hounds outside were rat-terriers; thien you'd see sport." " Miss Posse is safe in her room, eating lier venison steak," said Mrs. Jarvis,." and planning her signals, or packing her trtunk. Lor', to think is h uman being in this here nineteenth century can be so unsuspicious like, and honest and baby-like as she is, is wondeorful. She was brought up among peasants it a black forest somewheres, and that German crsetur is as stupil as it cow. Don't !.know beans i " " But we'll have to get rid of her along withl her missus," said Jarvis. " Old Gretchen is it cow as I shouldn't wish to leavO alive to tell tales on us." " And how's the thing to be done 2?" questioned Maria. " Poison ? " " Or pushing over the cliff ? " suggested Mrs. Jarvis. " That would be an excellenlt plan." " Or smothering with a bolster," said JIarvis, " like it nman I see oust to a theatre. He was jealous and smothered his wife-" " You mean Lothario," interrupted Mrs. Jarvis. " Thie deed had better be done quiet. I know a poison weed to stew aup with their coffee. We can talk the thing over at our leisuro now we've decided to kill them. We can't get away from this place safely under ca montl. I don't want to stay unider this roof one night after their deaths, for fear they'd ha'nt us. Such thiings is, they say, and I won't rislc ith I " " You're right. Let 'erm live till we are ready to start for Engulantd," said Maria. " 'Tl'hero's lintat strange noise again I This old house is fuill of noises. We'll plsan ouit howe to Itill Miss Rosseo! anid Gretchen and carry out thie plnt mostlh hence. Mean swhile, we'll keep ai closer watch ont 'eCm tlans ever. We'll prevest any signals, or escape, and lull miss's sespicions if shei shoseld possibly have any. Jarvis arose quietly and began stealthily to creep along thie wall,'towtsrds the hdll door. " I'm agreeable to tliut'plan," said Mrs. Parvis, witlimasn itir mt relief. " The thing is settled--all bilt details. Thten we can arrangs at ouar lisiurd. Jarvis, lwhalt are yos up to ? " Jarvis suddeinly pulled openm the door. O(ccil losse and old OGretclehi were seen, Ibothl pile as ghoslts, and wild with terror, cowering oni thie thresholld. With one shrill screa:u, Cecil turnetld to ni down ths e ti tone patssatge. Itn au itl stitnt .1arvis had seized lher by hier rippling Itir atd dragged her brutally into the hitehen. Old Gretchlen followed, wringhbg hler hands, and begging that her young mis tress's lifo might be sparcd. " Shut up I " counnudel d Jarvis. " Now, 011you women, wer found out. The gal has listened to Averything. Shc:' got to die, sure enough, and the old Crectur, with her. Lock tihe door, and we'll settle tlli here business " (7'a be couliestcd.).. 