ftilEWS OF THS D&V.; The Navigation Board deoided this morn ing to go on with the oharge against Oaptain Dowling, of" tbe sohooner Tarra, for crnelty to the cook, Lonis Frank, on the voyage from Melbourne to Wollongongi whereby Frank was driven to commit suicide. The members present were Oaptain Fullarton and Devlin, and Mr Sutherland, From the evidence it appeared that Frank waB missed without anybody having eeon him go over board, He had gone to draw a baoket of water, Two sailors, SteffanBon and Blyth, deposed that the oaptain had been very rough in his language to Frauk, who was heard to threaten aaicide, Tho mate, Le Maistre, deposed that Oapt, Dowling's treat ment of Frank was not crnel in any way, although Frank's inefficiency had been pro voking, The Board found the oharge was not proved, Mr Stewart defended the oapa tain, A telegram has been reoeived from San Francisco Btating that the mails from Aus tralia had arrived there one day before cone traot time. Onr contemporaries seem to havo fallen into the error of snppoBing that the refnsBl of the Ohief Justice; yesterday to grant warrants in tho StevenBon prose- tion practically terminated the preset proceedings against the firm; Suoh, how ever, is not the oaeo, As matters stand, the defendants will have to hold themselves for ttial in the Criminal Court at its next sessions. They will be kept under sur veillance, and any attempt to abscond will load to arrest, In the meantime, the oharge is being fully prepared, and it is the inten« fica U :hs ci?7?(noi?m to rtiw mSwt ia decisively proving thoir case. Wo are glad to find that this is so, since it affords a fair opportunity to tho accused firm of rebut- < ting the rumours nnd. auspicious to which tho late proceedings havo given rise. It is a matter for regret that Mr Lyell hud not an opportunity last oveniag of put ting beforo tho country tho commerc'ai as pect of tho purchase of the Hobson'a Bay Railway. Tho Ohief Secretary glanced at the subject, but doalt more fully with what might be oalled the political phase of tho question, Tho honorable member for Emerald Hill iSj it is understood, fully prepared to deal with Mr Mirama' figures. As we stated some days Bineo, there are sufficient members on tho Govern ment side of the House pledged to vote for tbe purchase to carry it, even should tho Opposition in a body vote against it, which of course will not be the case. It is understood that on Tuesday next, the members 'of the majority who "oppose the purchase of tho Hobson'a Bay Bailway, will decide whether or not th«y will stonewall tbe proposal, or merely warmly denounce it, If any stonewalling is ts tako place, the party wilt be commanded by Mr Gammon, with Mr A. T. Olark as chief officer. It appears that the hon.tbe Ohief Secre tory and Sir Arthur Gordon had a friendly passBge-atuarms over New Guinea. Mr Berry, wo learn, Intimated pretty clearly to Sir Arthur that in the event of a number of Viotorian colonists proceeding to New Guinea, and no provision being other wise made _ to protect their . inte rests and keep order, it would be neoessary for tbe Government of this colony to eee that some stops were taken to secure these ends. It is understood thnt Ministers are so dis satisfied with the action of some of their lukowarm supporters, that unless somo change for the bettor ia manifested by those gentlemen dnring the next few days, Minis I ere will sort the floek and ascertain who do and who do not belong to the Liberal fold. His Honor Judge Oope has intimated that in futare bo will bear judgment (fraud) summonses of the Oonnty Court in open conrt on Saturdays, instead of in Chamhors as heretofore. In another column the hon. J, F. Bear intimates to the electors of the Sonth Pro vince that bb he finds that his return to the colony will be debyed longer than he expeo ted, and as he deems that in the face of the moaentousquestionsabont tocomebefore the Legislative Oonnoll there shonld be no dimi nution in the voting power, he has decided uct to offer himself forra. election. Tae hon, gentleman's withdrawal is advertised else where. Large payments were made to- day from the Treasury out of the £900,000 voted under 1 he recently passed Supply Bill. The Edu cation department, the whole of whoBe employees have been waiting for last month's salaries, was visited by a large number of anxions inquirers, and arrangements have been made by which the whole of the claims ugainBt the department will be liquidated during the next fow days. The'metropolitan and | suburban teachers will be paid to morrow . We have received the following telegram from Messrs Helmnth, Schwartze and Co., dated London, 17th Jaly: — "Iool Sales. Next series ealeB will commence 20th Auguat. The total quantity for disposal is 330,000 bales." When His Honor Mr Justice Molesworth entered tbe Equity court this morning, ho observed Mr J, B. Black perched up in his usual place in the jury box, evidently look ing out for the judgment in one of the phases of his famous equity snit. His Honor quickly announced " Judgment in Black against Atkinson on Monday morning Mr Sl.ck (who ia always anxious to gain expe rience in tbe law conrts) retained his seat, however, and listened with apparently deep interest to the evidence in Hogg v Atkin son; The jury who were empannelled y ester day to try Henry Gill on a charge of having forgod a cheque for £1 7a Gd, purporting to have been drawn by W. H. Willieon, con tractor, Hot ham, on behalf of the latter's wife, and which ho nttered to F. G. John ston, lime and cement merchant, Quoon ' street, were locked np all night, nnable to agree to a verdict. His Honor the Ohief Justice took his seat on the bBnoh at half past nine o'clock this morning, when the jury wero brought into court, and the de fend ant waB put forward, The foreman then stated thnt there was no probability of tbe jory agreeing to a verdict, and they were discharged. The defendant was removed to bo tried again at tbe sittings of the conrt noxt month, bat bail was accepted for bis appearance. Mr F, L. Smyth defended tho accused, It is nndorstood that nine jurors wero in favor of au acquittulj and three for a conviction. It is said that the Grown will probably abandon the prosecution, having been unsuccessful on two occasions to obtain a conviction against the defendant. There was a spell in the Bailway depu tations to-day, 'Mr Woods being away np country. Hois on a visit of inspection to tbe Loddon Valley, in order to determine between tbe rival routes on the different sides of the Loddon river. Tho old saying that one-half the world does not know bow the other half lives, waB verified once more this morning at the Oity Court, when a man named John Stewart was charged with imposition It appeared ioat yesterday a number or snopkeepers in Carlton, among whom were Mr Livingstone grocer, and Mr Wall Bt., bntoher, of Lygon St., complained to the police that they had reason to suspect that the man Stewart was imposing upon tbe publio by means of a fictitious petition, At the conrt tooday the tradespeople attended, and stated that tbe prisoner had called at their places of business in a state of inebriety, and had presented a subscription list, purporting to be for the purpose of assisting a widow named Hepburn to defray tne funeral expenses of her deceased child. The col lections, according to the list already re coived, amounted to abont £3 18s.- With a view to strengthen the solicitation for pecuniary assistance, Stewart also hawked around a receipt on account signed by Mr Daly the undertaker, and to this document was affixed a newspaper paragraph of tho coroner's inqnest upon the child. The woman on whose behalf the subscriptions wero being raised appeared in conrt, and stated that she bad authorised the prisoner, who was her brotherin-law, to eolleot money for her. She was unable to say how much she had reoeived from him. The beach remarked that therehad been a substratum of truth about Stewart's statement, and there fore they would discharge him, In tbelr) opinion, however, there was little donbt that the pnblio had been imposed npon. The ohalrman remarked that prisoner had had a narrow escape, Although no petition in favor of the pur chase of the Hobson's Bay Bailway has emanated from Emerald Hill, the residents, nevertheless are, one and all, oxtiemely anxious for the purchase to be ratified, The local benefit will be very great, A crowded meeting was held laBt evening, at Hockiae' Hotel, of the Australasian Colonization Company, the public having been Invited by advertisement, the business of the evening being to consider the advioe of Sir Arthur Gordon in reference to the an ticipated settlement in New Guinea ; and as it haB been decided by the directors that so soon as 10,000 shares are allotted to inoor- pornto the'compRuy and apply, through his Excellency the Governor, to Her Majesty for a Itoyal charter, a resolution was passed authorising the secretary to insort advertise ments iu the daily papers, drawiug attention to tho fact of tho company's oxistonco and prospects. A deputation was formed to wait upon the ChiefSeerotary (by appointraont)on Monday next, to lay boforo him offioially, a copy of the petition to the Qaeen for the anexation of tbe Island torritory in the wes tern Pacific to Victoria, and request the 00- oporationof the Government in bringing the matter to a successful issue. An nnanimone vote of thanks was accorded to the chair, man, directors, and secretary, Mr Dods. A number of shares wero appliod for at the close of the proceedings. Selectors who take up land next to a di vision or other fence will, in the future, be required by the department to pledge them selves to pay half tho cost of such feuoe be fore their application will be considered, if the selector refuses, and another appli cant consents, the land will! be recom mended to the latter. Some arms of tbe Turkish Household Guards, taken at Plevaa, are now being exhibited in the window of Messrs Bocke and Co., Collins Blreet, They aro short, silver-colored, ornamented arms, abont the Bize of blnndorbnsses. The weapons attraot much attention from passers'by, The Emerald Hill supplementary list for tho Legislative Assembly was revised yester day by the Mayor and Mr I, V. Foote, J.'sP. Mr Eville, tbe electoral rogistrar, stated that tho list comprised 338 names, and there had een no objeotions made to any of the parsons aiming lor enrolment, We learn that Pleuro-pnoumonii has pre vailed in ..the suburbs during the last three mouths to an unusual extent, and infected cattle are disposed of at the Flemington Cattle-yards, without any steps being takan to prevent the disease, Tbe report adopted at the 19th annual meeting of the shareholders of the Victoria Insurance Company, this day, showed that tho buBinesB of the half-year had resulted in a profit of £21,937 6s 3d, Out of this a dividend of 10 per oent was declared, and also a bonus of Is per share, making toge tber 15 per cent ou the paid.up capital. The balance of £15,937 6s3d was onrried tojtho credit of profit and loss, Tho profit of the half-year is divided into £5300 12s 4d Life department, and £16,G30 13s lid Insurance and SaviDgs Branch, The auditors', report allowed that £17,678 lis Gd stood to the company's credit in their bankers' hands, Tho Sydney Evening News relates the following amusing occurrence.: — A clever piece of work has been accomplished ia the Lands department, an erring officer ef leug standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victimB to valuables in Bhape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeatB or, in their ab sence, on tbe excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the lands office a day has never passed over witnout complaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised fonr times successively not a week age, and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit. A conference wbb hold, and it was decided to bring tbe offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about one the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half an hour later the real symptoms were apparent, and tho sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost as he had a fearful dose, but intend of that gave up the dinner, Traoeaof many a tit-bit were forthcoming, and the chief in due course was led back a better and a lightar man, He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the chief conspiration, on the ground of insubordination. An attempt to administer Lynch law is reported from rnglewood The Advertiser stateB that a Chlnnmau, AU Fan, a partner in a claim. on tho Daly Lead, charges Ah King, a carpenter, with owing him £3 8s upon some old gambling transactions, and the latter, who denies his indebtedne-s, ha been terrorised over by his compatriot fo some weeks past, TbingB camo to a crisi on Saturday, the 13 th inst,, when Ah Fan and his friends endeavored to lay violent hands upon Ah King. The latter broke loose bat was caught by his pursuers and taken away by force, so it is said by some of the onlookers, towards the Chinese camp, Ah King Btates that having taken him among the holes near the camp, his countrymen then attempted to hang or strangle him, having a rope already fixed for the purpose. He, however, again broke away, and having gained the protection of tho police obtainod a warrant for the arrest of Ah Fan, which was exeonted the same ovoning at his re sidence at the south end of Grant street. The arrest caused a great commotion among tho Chinese, nnd close npon 100 of them followed the prisoner to'the lock-up. Ah King alleges that ho was in imminent danger of his life. On his second escape he took away with him n rope, prepared as a noose in the most artiBtic fashion, and with this he alleges he was to have been strangled, We learn from the Sydney Evening News that an art treasure, of great valae, had recently been discovered by Mr Fielding, picture-restorer. In a broker's store an old canvns has been lying for mauy years unnoticed. This Mr Fielding purchased and intends to restore, On examination, be has found that it is Titian's " Danne and the 6hower of gold." He believes it to be original, but the proof of this would require most careful, critical, and historical investi gatiou. There aro at least four pictures claim ing to be Titian's Danao, and it ia very probable that the great pRinter repeated himself with slight variation. We should certainly hesitate to assert that this picture is an original Titian, but it is certainly Titianesqne. There is all the master's grace ful drawing aud traces of his rich colouring; there ib the wonderful roundness of form dint miaa n-An Iff. .1. — J3 iu... ,u"" duuu iu mo uauvnsj uuu luuru is the sensuouBncss — not sensuality — that is a characteristic of his workB. Danne is lyiug gracefully nnd almoBt nude on some drapery, looking up with a sweet expression at the Bhowor of gold, which according to the Greek legend, is the form in which the King of Gods and men visited her. On the right is a Cupid, but part of this figure, as well as Danao's hair and most of the drapery, is very much overlaid with fresh paint. Enough remains untouched to show the marvellous psiuting of the original, and It Is well worthy of a visit from all art students and art- lovers. There may be paint ings that equal it in private galleries, but certainly there iB nothing in our Academy of ait that can compare with this ancient picture. From the Sydney Town and Country we learn tbat a match that created no small amount of exoitement was commenced at Mr Smith's ground at Botany, on 8ntnrday, 29th June, fot £20 aBide. Tbe conditions wero as follows :— The bowler J. 8, Littler an Bag liBh cricketer and a member of the .Burrey Club, was to bowl his adversary Mr Evans, the w.ell-kuown Australian cricketer four times within tho hour. It was accomplished as follaws : — First wicket down, 10 mlnntes ; socond, 85 minutes; third, 40 minntes; fourth, 69 J mlnntes, There was great exoitement the labt five minutes, bb Mr Littler had still a Wioket to seonre, and notwithstanding the plucky defence of the batsman, he had to sneenmb to one of Mr Llttler'a formidable brake-backs, shattering the off bail jnst before time amidst deafening cheers, This was a great performance of Mr Littler's, and is of the highest order. The theatre-going publio will not forget tbe benefit of Mr and Mrs Darrell to-night, at the Theatre Royal, whon they will make their last appearance. This talented lady and gentleman have nndoubted elaims on the pnblio. The lady has been a favour ito star for somo 25 years, and has contributed as vastly to the improvement nnd advancement of the pnblio taste as any actress in tho oolonics. The gentiomnn has produced a series of dramas pqroly oolemnl, nnd J tastefully sensational. The lovers of n, drama aud tho many admirers of M Darrell, as an actress of an excoii.l school, will doubtless crowd the Boval 5 night. An elegant souvenir' 0f th„" artistes will bo secured by persons hn»i- tickets during tho day, and dress ofj visitors nt any time, in the shape of wall executed portraits of the benefioiares 1 new piece will bo presented by Mr Darr.11 entitled A Struggle for Freedom, 1 The continued success of Uncle Tom' Cabin has warranted the management 1 going to somo farther pains in the prodaelln of the dramn. Several entirely new sceaa are being painted by; nnd under the asi supervision of Mr Harry Grist. Notablv winter scene and tbe well-known river bcm where Eliza crosses the broken ice », entirely new , tho latter being re-modelled ana re-oonBtrnoted. The Georgias, too, have ra- conBtrncted their muoical programmo and forjtheir" jubilee hymns substitute otha Swing Low Sweet Chariot, My goui's Hiding Place, and Where is He ? are amon those interpolated; They have been ojkS fully rehearsed, and will no donbt prot« attractive. Last night there was only stand, ing room below, and very little of that. Onr Girls, at tho Academy of Music and I Oxygen, at tho Opera Honse, show u0 signi I of a falling off in tho attendance, especially I in tho former instance. "Mr Lewis deserve- I every credit for his enterprise in the oae I cbbo, and Mrs Lewis for her management in I the other. I The Pantnscopo continues to gain a well. I deserved share of publio patronage, Tho I presents given away eaoh night are'reall. I coBtly and valnablo. Mons. Chalet is a yen. I triloqniat of uncommon ability, and encceeds I in nmnsing tbe audience very fairly, He is I ono of tho few ventriloquists in whom the I Resumed voice has not destroyed the natural I one. I Professor Hume's lectures at the Apollo I Hall are well worth hearing. Besides the I instruction conveyed, the humorouB incl- I dents thnt crop up in the mesmerio oxperii I raents are sometimes enormously funny. I The Sydney Evening News learns that his I Excellency the Governor has not, up to the I present, received any inlimntion as to the I extension of his term of office, as announced I by cablo this morning. It may not be geoe- I rnlly known that there is no specified term I mentioned in the commission appointing I colonial Governors, but the usual term of I office is supposed to be six years. Sir Hen I cules Robinson became Governor of Nevr I South Wales on the 2nd of June, 1872, I 