THEATRE ROYAL. MR, CRESWICK AS HAMLET. Considerable curiosity; was observable amongst Shakesperian students, young and old, who flocked to the Theatre Royal last night "to see the great London tragedian, Mr. Creswick, in the character of Hamlet.. The play islndoubtedly-a test one, for few tragedians who comes our shores omit it from their lists, and even those who are not strictly tragedians attempt it, area very respectable case in point will be remembered last year of a young actor undertaking it forms beneath with much success. Thohouso last adit was crowded, His Excellency the Governor, Alto was accompanied by Mrs. Weld and several of his family, and attended by Lieutenant-Colonel St. Hill and suite, occupying the Vice-Regal box. The Applause was frequent and unanimous. A - -' Air. Creswick's Hamlet is like all his assump- tions, thoroughly satisfying to the audience, being an intelligent conception, wrought by long and careful study to a high pitch of excellence and com- pleteness, and placed before them in a clear, and well-defined light, like a cathedral spire rising dark and sharp in the bright glare of a noonday sun It is emphatically the Hamlet of the "old school," not the popular Hamlet of the present day, of Fechier and Irving and their copyists, but the plain nueinbellished ideal of a previous era, and the embodiment of the author's intentions such an embodi- ment, too, in its powerful naturalness that will satisfy even those to whom the accessories heaped upon it at the present day have become a custom. Mr Creswick's representation brings forward prominently the philosophic character of the mind of Hamlet. The Danish Prince is by nature a soldier quiser, a feeder upon his own thoughts ; philosophy biting the mental atmosphere by which he is ever surrounded. This phase is most clearly displayed in the eagerness over shown for solitude that he may brood over whatever is placed before his mind at the time-as witness the delight, the relief with which he utters the words, "Now I am alone," when Polonius and the others leave him and as (in the written though not in the acting edition) he bids the prying Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, Go on before," when they are travelling together to meet the captain of Fortinbras's forces, so that he may be alone with his thoughts. To reflect has become with him a habit ; it is a first and not even a second nature. He soliloquised, one might almost say, in season and out of season, and upon everything that falls beneath his mental vision. His mother, his mistress, his friend, himself, things animate and inanimate all thus receive his attention and form the subject of mental cogitation. At each opportunity he flies to solitude. Whenever in trouble or perplexity he seems to need a counsellor he seeks obscurity that he may weigh over the different bearings of his case to find, if possible, an outlet.- * Mr; Creswick's soliloquies are realities. But Shakespeare has placed this compound character in scenes of bustling every-day life, amidst courtiers, university companions, and the dark events Surrounding his father's death. And so we have these deeper phases of the character alternating with scenes of greater display of intensity of feeling, and though the philosopher receives prominence it is not felt to be so to an undue extent. The dread determination on the part of the injured son to revenge the wrongs of a murdered father are shown. with a powerful intensity. So are also his native bravery and nobility, his love for his mother, his tenderness for Ophelia, his friendship for Horatio-a complex soul made of a towering nobleness and courage, an overflowing affection, a faithfulness to duty, and a pensive subdued sadness. Mr. Creswick's bursts of emotion are like the overflowing of a mountain torrent, sudden, impetuous, breaking out at every crevice, struggling for other outlets of escape, and irresistibly bearing down all opposition. But the irruption past, the majestic source remains calm and unimpaired, and he relapses to soliloquy again. The greatest beauty of the assumption is that no angular jottings and abrupt points break in upon the whole with its smooth surface of intelligence. No feature is pushed into unnecessary prominence, " to stand solitary, refusing to be compressed within the general out- lines. No over-cutting sarcasms or bullying rebukes mar a rendition full of the most delicate tenderness and refinement of feeling. There is nothing canning or enigmatical in the acting we do not stay to enquire whether Hamlet was mad or no a subject which perplexes so many students in their reading the story which enchained the attention is beautifully defined in all its details, the notice of it never having been so plain before, as it was when placed before us by Mr. Creswick. From the moment when he first appeared with sombre habiliments and sorrow- laden countenance, through the dejected utterances of the opening séance, relieved only by the tenderness with which he addresses his mother, those present were thoroughly captivated by the many beauties presented to them. His first soliloquy, on his mother's marriage, showed the great resources at his command ; whilst the change to gaiety in his talk w ill Horatio was again strongly contrasted with the gradually awakening surprise which is depicted in every look and feature, as he hears the story of the apparition. The scenes with the Ghost were graphically rendered, the loving awe and over xi steepening determination to 'avenge his father's L wrongs, undina characteristic display, and so throughout, for space and hour forbid too .ttuh*¡!> detail. The humours of his mimicry and jesting with Polonius, the garrulous, court chamberlain ; his sarcastic raillery at his spies . -the advice to the players the stones with Oplwlia ; the play scene that with his mother, fearful in the intensity of its loving agony and the last crowning episode of Ophelia's funeral and the fatal due!, all found apt expression at a master's hands who bestowed all the resources of his art and aroused in them all a grand delineation of the life of the unfortunate PACK, Such a performance has not been surpassed in Hobart Town, and well we) need the best by bursts of approbation and constant recalls with which it was received. Tile tragedy is placed upon the stage with great credit to the management. The appointment, Bceiifiry, and mechanical effects are throughout very 'sustainable. the case is a strong one. Miss Ashton's Ophelia is gaining and judicious; Miss Carry George's, Gertrude, is queenly and powerfully ex pressive of; Mr. W. G. Holloway'?, Ghost, stately and eloquent Mr. Lawrence's King manly And determined ; while Mr. Charles Holloway's Laertes, Mr. Martin's Polonius, and Mr. Reynold's Horatio were all admirable and worthy of more extended remarks. Mr. Carey appeared to better advantage than he had done since his arrival, being wollsuitedastho grave digger in which byhiscatistic 'dryness of humour, he excited very much laughter fJari'WJ Hw short time he was on the stage The other characters were also well sustained, and even the supers showed evidence of careful training. We again call the attention of the management to the admittance of children of tender years, to the Theatre, a prohibitive charge which was announced by them after our last protest, having been again withdrawn. Last night considerable annoyance was felt at the cries which from pit and gallery interrupted some of the best scenes of the play, notably Hamlet's soliloquy on death, and Ophelia's madness. A firm stand should be made both for tho sake of audience and actors, to both of whom it is equally annoying, so that people who attend these Shakespearian revivals may be sure they will not be subjected to such very unnecessary and objectionable accompaniments to the progress of the plays. An assurance should be given by the management that proper arrangements will be made in future with regard to this. Hamlet will be repeated this evening. IH.',-!- S 