Since tho rupture between tho Main Lino Railway Company and that portion of a former Cabinet represented by Messrs. Giblin aud Ohapman commenced, Parlia ment, us well as tho public, lmvo been studiously, and with consummate cunning, boon kopt in the dnrk as to tho origin and object of thoso who officially rcprosontcd the colony. From timo to time, howorer, circumstances have aiiaon which, although not sufficiently decisive in their character, aro suggestive enough to warrant oven the least suspicious among those who havo watched tho various incidents connected with this most ruinous controversy, that the Purliumuut and the piiblic aro boiug undo use of to further tho private ends of tho most prominent of those who, under tho mask of Affected zeal in tho c, iii80 of the colony, are designedly sacri ficing its moral aud material interests. The time has arrived, when, to speak with bated breath, or iu whispering humble ness, on a subject of suchuverwheliniug im portance to the colony, it would be treason to tho State, not less foul and perfidious than that which, during tho last threo or four years, has boon plotting to use tho Maiu Line Railway as a lever to raise once more into such importance as would ontitlo him to Stato pay, a man who, from circumstances now well known, ought novor to have boon placed in a position of trust or of responsibility. "Wo hear a great deal of the reports of Messrs. Groen, Alius, Stanley, otc , 011 the defec tive construction of the railway, and the non-fullilmcnt of contract obligations by the Company. On theso roports tho Government tako thoir stand against the claims of the Company for tho payinont of tho guaranteed interest. But for those reports to carry any weight, we should first know who iuHtructed the engineer, aud what were thoir real instructions— for those showti to tho public are evidently not in agreement with the account fur nished oi them by Mi'. Giblin to tho iiou«o of Assembly at tho commencement of the session. He assorted that the eugiueers had been instructed to re port upon those particulars which they considered sufficient to prove that the contract conditions had not been fulfilled. Tho engineers, however, did not furnish such particulars; but thoy were hand somely rewarded for not doing that which would have boon of sumo practical value, and for doiug that which limu and experi ence havo proved to be uttorly valueless. What conclusion can any impartial or reasonable boing cume to, aftor calmly studying tho facts connected with the hiring, tho instructing, and rewarding of these onginoors, but that they entered upon thoir task, fully cotiviuoed that tho more unfavorable to tho Company thoir report was made, the moro thoir em ployers would bo pleosod, aud the more liberal would bo the scale of remuneration? Engiucars aro not more immaculato than doctors or lawyers, and wo know how easy it is for a rich patient or client 'to get a professional opinion prouisoly to suit his own views, whon tho means for paying for it liberally aro known to be forth coming. John Stephen Hampton and the late Clerk of the House of Assembly found professional opinions exactly to coincido with their own, when the one wished to escape from a possible prosecution as a misappropriator of Government property, and the other felt it to bo more for his interest to remove to India on & salary of £1500 per annum than to remain in Tas mania at £500 a year. How different, too, was the present Attorney-General's opinion on the railway controversy, whsn paid by the Company and feed by th« public 7 But apart from tho proncncss of , pro fessional opinions to take tho hue of those who scok and pay for them, we have before us the incontrovertible fact that timo and experience have proved thoir opinions upon tho most importaut matter they pronounced upon to be uttorly worthless, They declared it to bo impos sible to carry on tho traiu service at the rate of speed contracted for, namely, 23 miles por hour. Now this happens to be the only taugiblo point in their report which they left it possible to be practically proved to be untenablo. And this after all is tho most important' point of all. And so it was held und pronounced to be by Messrs. Chapman, Giblin/ and Moore, uutil it was established, after a long aud carefully watched trial, that the 23 miles per hour were as regularly,' as safoly, and as punctually accomplished, as timo is kept in tho best conducted railroads iu the .United Kingdom. What did the Govern ment do, then 7 Shifted thoir position, and took up new ground of opposition. They nbundonod their own adopted test of spood the moment it was seen that the eminent engineers' report was valueless on tho only point thoy ventured to pro nounce .a Bpecific opinion upon, and foil back on "tho vague and bald" assurance that "thoy did not consider the railway to bo constructed according to contract agreement." They never were instructed to indicate specifically whore or how the conditions of the contract had not boon complied with, for otherwise, if thoy had, it is not possible thoy would have been paid after neglecting the most important and only really valuable portion of their instructions. Mr. Giblin ussurcd tho Hoiiso of Assembly they had been so instructed, but thnt they woro so tied to timo thoy could not romaiu to complete thoir work. Thoy wero, how ever, handsomely rewarded, notwith standing they left precisely that undone wiiich tho colony most needed, namely— tho preparation of such a bill of particu lar omissions or commissions on the pnrt of tho Company as would ennblo Parlia ment to present it to the Company and to the public as a comploto vindication of tho colony's objecting to pay tho con ditionally guaranteed interest. But tho fact is, tho engineers nover got any such instructions ; for onco it was ascertained that, in thoir opinion, tho stipulated rato of spood could nob be. accomplished, tho test was supposed to ;.ho so effective and crucial, and so far beyond the powor of the Company to stand, that no othor matter of controversy between ithe; Com-, pany and tho Government was considered worthy.. of more than some vague mid depreciatory. criticisms, hostile, of cuurse, to the Company, it wan by favor of the Company's engineer tho agents of the Government were allowed to iuspeet aud roport . upon the railway — ami what bettor opportunity could thoy ever hope for to obtaiu such a full ami com plete renort upon the subject, «« would omiblo Parliament and tho public to judge intelligently and impariialiy between both parties. In the must important and only teat point in these report, they aro proved to bo "worthies. With what confidence can Ministers stand upon such dociiiuouts, and use them in defence of thoir dishonest endeavors to choat tho Company, and to bring disgrace upon tho charneior and credit of tho colony 7 Wo use tho terms — " cheat tho Company"— deliberately, and with tho fullest convic tion that the- facts connected with Lliu ca&o; amply warrant tho employment of tho only languago by which it is possible to deseribo truly tho notion of tho Govorn- mont, particularly sinco tho prorogation, of Parliament on tho 12th of last Decem ber. Who that riins read tho lottor ad dressed to the London Directory of tho Company, dated tho 24th December, 1877, can for a moment doubt the dis honest purpose of tho concoctors of thnt cunningly conceived composition 7 That lottor was suggested by tho con tents of the secret correspondence between the Government mid the Crown Aont, which tho Ministers dnro not sub mit to tho scrutiny of honost, independent members of the Legislature. But tho anticipations of Sir Penroso Julyan, as well as of Ministers, wero sadly dis appointed. The Standard Insurance Office failed to obtain the direction of the affairs of the Company, which passod under the control of the great body of the bond holders, and when the threatening letter ronchod the directory, through the hands of a London Banking-house, tho "right tnon " for tho colonial screw-drivers wero not iu tho " right place," and tho only effect it had was to place tho directory 011 their guard against tho writers of the lottor, who, throng!) a miscalculation of the results of the forthcoming olecliou for n now directory, exposed tho dishonesty of their own intentions, and writing as thoy did iu tho uamo of tlto colony, brought its name and credit into general disfavor. But what other results could be looked for, whon wo consider who the Colonial Secretary wns when tho quarrel whs first initiated, aud who it is who lills the samo offioo now, whon overy nerro is being strainod, every available mean employed, the services of the most unscrupulous castaways cngogod, to prevent a settle ment of a controversy to which thero was no need oven to havo imported the smallest eleinont of acrimony 7 Would any man of common prudence or sense entrust the management of a most im portant business, involving hundreds of thousands of pounds, to an agent, over whose head righteous punishment was pcrpotimlly impending, and which could only bu averted by tlm imprudent exorcise of official influence, or by the uncertain aid of a private subscription 7 Could any one, much lup.s a man alrendy dead to ail moral impulses, placed in such a position, refuse n bribe ft) botany the interests of his employer, provided it was of sufficient value to purchase immunity from impend ing doom 7 But suppose he was in a posi lion to cause serious loascstohis employer' clionts, by throwing obstacles in tho smooth roadways of business, which might bo very costly to ovoroorno, and that lie had succeeded, in convincing them that it would ho cheaper 10 bribe than to rjuarrol with him, is thero an intelligent being come to tho use of his reason, who will say that anyone so circumstanced is a fit porsou to outrust in a position wherein ho has oppor tunities of preserving his liberty by simply acting tho only part, after tho loss of all moral sensibility, he is fit for 7 And yet wo havo entrusted to such a person for years the uncontrolled conduct of a busi ness in which tho country is interested directly to tho extent of £050,000, and indirectly to more than duublo or treble tho amount. The only way tho lato Co lonial Secretary could hope to " squeezo " the Company, was by thwarting .thorn in ovory possible way ; and thero can be no doubt that, had it not been for the itn- pecuniosity of tho Company up to the time he luft office, his fiorco and patriotic opposition would hare been before now magically toned down into dovo-liko mildness. 13/ what means it is not difficult to gueis. Now, his opposition is despised as well as defied ; it is not negotiable, sirici: ho has boon compelled to relinqiiftli the inaruigotnont of the official '.hnmh-Hcruw. But why continue the now apparently profitless opposition 1 it can uevor bo supposed that such a man, as liu was described to be by the present Colonial Secretary, could ever perforin a public act, or alter a word, or give expression to an opinion from an honest or a disinterested motive. If ho is what Mr. William Mooro hns represented him to be, ho was tho most dangerous and improper selection that could bo hit upon for filling an office which gavo him such opportunities for wnrding off offended justice.' But unfit and untrustworthy as Mr. Thomas Daniol Chapman lias provod himself to bo as . a safe depositary of public trust and confidence, wo candidly confess, if compelled to choose between tho two men, wo should, without hesitation, profor the brazen, bold, and cailous- couicicncsd man who openlydefies public opiuiou and braves tho scorn of socioty, to the man who for months never ceased to mako tho colleaguo he refused to associate with tho subject of such damuging exposures, which, if founded iu fact, leaves Mr. T. D. Chapman without a pretenco to justify his appoaranco as a meddler iu the public business of tho colony, aud, if untrue, stamps the present Colonial Secretary as a cowardly and malicious mnlignor of an innocont col leaguo. There is no escaping the di lemma. Mr. William Mooro has either told that which is truo of his lsto col-. leaguo aud present "dear friend, or he bus deliberately calumniated him. Thero is no escape for him. He cannot forget what he circulated in tho north, concern ing the alleged " debenture trick." If he docs, there are dozens who can incon veniently remind him of it, so that his momory may not fail him so oppor tunely as it did iu tho case of tho Henry Mill Site. Wo can havo no faith in Mr. William Moore after what wo know him to havo reported about his "dear friend and tho fnrthor knowlodgo wo havo acquired of him since ho has so closely associated himsolf with ono who, if ho is hinisolf worthy of credit, should not now be enjoying freo uir; much less his liberty of speech. Parliament had - need to bo on its guard against tho machinations of tho Holy Allinnco now entered into against tho interests of tho colony, having for its main objoot tho perpetuating of the controversy between the Company and tho colony, tho Bonding home of Mr. Thomas Daniel Chapman to arrange tho financial difficulties connected with it, and Mr. Giblin to' look after tho legal arrangements. Wo shall see. Gbnkiial Hosi'ital, IIoiiart Town. — The Secretary, reports as follows : — In patients, 17th August, 70 ; admitted since, 10; discharged, 1G ; died, 2; remaining, 24th August, 02; dispeuuury patients, 3D. Tun Raccj'r Railway Ahihtratips. — We notice that our insular morning contem poraries were mere favored than ourselves iu receiving particulars of tho result of tho recent railway arbitration. Wo lire assured by tho Hon. W. Mooro, Colonial Secretary, that the information did not come direct to the Government, nud therefore wns not placed at tho disposal of the press in the ordinary way. Mr. Higinhothain, writing to Mr. Muore, says that ho agreed with Mr. Fehon, tho representative of the company, as to tho amounts to "lie named, without re ference in either case to Mr. G, Gordon, tho umpire. It will bo recollected that Mr. Lurd, tho - manager of the Launceston and Western Railway, named £7000 as tho claim the Government should put forward for tho running powers from Evaiulalo to Launces ton, hut .tho 'lion, LYctnior reduced the amount to £5000, and included it iu Ids catiinato of Ways and Means for the current year. For the twelve months succeeding November, 1S70, tho sum was fixed at £2088 ; for 1877, £3020; and for 1S7S, £31)00, or a moan average of £3582 13s. 4d. Tho con veyance of mails was rated at £2S50 per annum, from the 1st May lust. The ex penses of the arbitration, amounting to £3fifi, are to be shared by both parties. The Hod.sk or Assumuly. — The Assembly meets to-day after an adjournment of 18 days. There will he a full attcudaucc of members. Ministers may bo expeotod to give u. account of their stewardship during the interim, and how they , treated the Main Lino deputation. We are afraid, however, that thoy will havo to speak of no triumph in statesmanship or diplomacy, but rather to toll thnt they havo refused to pay the iutorcst, and that the deputation, strung in the belief that thoy aro entitled to It upon the opinion of the best authorities in tho world, have refused to enter into arbitration on tho question. Should the debate, which may he expected to follow, not keep hon. members till midnight, the business paper is full enough to keep them going till their miuds are fatigued. Tho following arc the orders of thu day ' — Second r®adiugs— Fuhlic Works Act Amendment Bill, Road® and Bridges Maintcnruicc Bill, Rural I'olice Rate Act Amendineut Bill, Volunteer Force Bill, Military Discipline Bill ; Committee on tho Civil Service Bill ; second readings— -Wreaks Enquiry Act Amendment Bill, Real Pro perty Act Amendment Bill ; Committee, of Supply, Committco on Electoral Bill, Com mittee on thw Post Office Bill, Committee on Address to the Governor in Mrs. Hardinge's cose (Mr. Douglas) ; Committee mi Ad dress to the Governor in Mr. Wootton's case (Mr. Dooley). The Lp.«isdativi5 Council. — The mom- hers of the Council will no doubt mutter in full force to hear the Colonial Secretary give un account of the Main Lino negotiations, whilst the hon. member for Buckingham stands by to check him, nnd suggest any points which the hon, Minister's scanty training may cause him to forget to bring forward to the damngetotho Company'scase, or to correct and tone down any uuwary utterance which may he calculated to let the light of truth iuto the minds of those under the thrall of political bigotry. The following arc the Orders of the Day : — Probates and Letters of Administration Effect Bill, second reading ; Bankers' Law Amendment! Bill, consideration of Bill as amended. Notice of Motion Mr. Crowthcr to move that the petitions prcsontcd by him 011 Tues day, August 13th, be printed. Mom Wouic nm tiir KoitF.tnN Onici'.. That mysterious institution, the Foreign Office, the conduct of which the British nation is so justly proud of, is likely to have its work cut out for a considerable time yet before the Eastern question is permanently settled. However much the great Beacons- field may have been Uoniacff on his return from his continental pilgrimage, Ilia asser tions that peace was permanently established have always met with douht from us, and it seem that our forebodings are coming to pass." Since tho fall of Plevna there has not been such an extensive bloodshed in Eurono and Asia as thnt which the telegrams . of tnu Inst week have announced. The Austrian advance guards are decimated in Herzegovina aud Bosnia, aud retreat, only to return in strength to sluugiitcr tho provincials whole sale. Servia joins in the melee, aud Russia hns just taken charge of Iter cession — Bntoum — when the fountains of Muscovito blood are again tapped in tho Khodopc Mountains, where the troops of the Czar aro fighting the Roumclinn insurgent. Wo shall be indued surprised if the Turk and Greek are ' not reported to have met in bloody onset within the next few hour® ; for, from two sources, the electric wire informs us that tho ever-stub- born and obstinato Porte has refused to carry out the conditions of the treaty of Berlin by extending the boundaries of the North«rn Greek provinces of Thcssaly and Epirus. We hear that Greeco threatens an ulti matum, and from rocent reports it would appear that she has found tho money where with to equip her ready soldiers. Perhaps -tho item of most interest to us is the attitude of the Atncer of Afghanistan taken in con nection with ' the course of aggression threatened by Russia in Central Asia. From one telegram it would appear that a Russian force was marching in tho direction of Afghan, hut had hceii stopped by British protests and "serious reverses to the left wing." The fact that tho "Morning Post" advocates the annexation of Herat and Cnnduhar, both cities of 50,000 inhabitants each, in Alfghanistnn, is portentous of trouble in that quarter. We fancy the day is not far distant when thoso who ridiculed the necessity of providing for the defence of our own little colony will place a higher value upon tho opinions of thoso who be lieve in the principle, that to be fore warned is to bo fqrearrped. A Dedicate Operation. — Wc learnt yesterday of a very successful operation which had been performed 011 tho previous day by Drs. Bright and Agnew. Th® putiont was Mr. George Wright, son of Mr. Isaac Wright, of the New Wharf. Ho met with a nasty accident to his right eye about four months ago, the organ being penetrated by a large packing uecule which he was using to open a bag. Under the care of Dr. Bright, Mr. Wright progressed very favorably until a cataract formed itself over the sight. It was no'cessnry that this should bo re moved, and the assistance of Dr. Agnew having been procured, this was satisfactorily accomplished, The doctors are very well pleased with the result of tho operation, and confidently anticipate a spocdy recovory by Mr. Wright of tho use of tho disabled vision. Concert.— An entertainment was given last evening at St. Josoph's Sohool-room, by some well-known and popular local amateurs. Tho proceeds aro to he devoted towards the ; organisation of a juvenilo choir in connection with the church, and judging from the attendance, wo presume there will be a very fair sum realised. The gentlemen who assisted acquitted themselves well, several of the solos and duots being rendered in really excollent style by Messrs. Humphries, Callaglinn, and Clarko, while Messrs. Sands and harroll delightod tho audicnco by thoir clever impersonation of tho "Mississippi Twins," ,-Oir tho whole, it was ono of the most cnjoyablo entertainments wo have had the plcasuro of witnessing for some time. Town Hall,— It will ho seen by adver- . tiseincnt that D'Aroy Read's " Ghost " will not appear till Wednesday, August 28th. Wo understand that tho alteration of tho date from this evening is in consequence of thocxtensivo preparations necessary for tho proper production of this extraordinary ex hibition not being completod, but wo aro informed that lie will positively appear on to- rnorrow ovouing. Dkrwent 'DhamatiU: Oluh.— Tho Dor- went Dramatic Club held their usual meet ing at the club room, Mol!e-strcot,.wiibn the balance-sheet was read, and the affairs of tho club were found to he iu a very satisfactory state. The election of officers then took place, when Mr. E. B, Hornsby 'was clotted secretary, Mr. Graham assistant secretary,' Mr. 'T. Salter stage- manager, Mr. . J. O. Bishop treasurer. A vote of thanks was. passed to the. retiring officers, Messrs. Lith- | gow, O'Mara, Salter, aud J. O. Bishop.. A Close Siiavp..— We ("Chronicle") aro informed that Mr. Woolnough, of the L. and W. Railway, had a narrow escape from what might have been 11 ' serious, if not a fatal, accident 011 Saturday. It appears that he, together with hoiho otlier gentlemen, was rifle shooting at tho butts. He lu« I loaded his gun, and by mistake left it at the full, instead of tho half cock. While ho wns carrying it at his shoulder, the trigger by some means was caught, and the hummer fell ou the cap, discharging the contents of the rifle, which whizzed past hi check and' knocked Ills hat oil. The Hash froin the cap singed tho slcovo of his coat. This ought to teach tho lesson that great euro should bo exercised in tho handling of fire arms. Todacco Smooolino.— On Friday even ing, says thu " Chronicle," about half-past (> o'clock, two Customs officers noticed that a brace of Chinamen wero rather backward in coining ashore from the steamer Uorwent, which had just arrived from Melbourne. Thinking that something was wrong, one of the officers went on board the sLuamcr, while tho othor waited on shore, and re quested the Celestials to go on shore nud take their luggage, which thoy did. Tluiy were mot on the wharf by the officer who wns awaiting them, ami their luggage was taken and locked up in the shed until Saturday morning, whuu it was examined, and iu their bedding was found about 40 lbs. of tobacco, a quantity of drapery, and some revolvers! These were of course seized, nnd proceedings will he taken against the im porters, The Rifle Corf.— The first general pa rade and inspection in uniform of this regi ment was held at the military barracks lust evening, there being a very good muster. The four companies wero formed into lino, after which tScy were inspeetod by tho Major (Sir James Milne Wilson, K.C.M.G.), and Lioutenant- Cotoncl St. Hill. Tho corps wns then formed into column, marched round the yard, put through a number of evolutions, and afterwards dismissed. We understand that the last of the uniforms of tho local companies wero completed by Mr. Bidoncopo, the contractor, who is to ho complimented upon his punctuality in carry ing out tho undertaking. Considerable pro gress lias been made in the outfit of tho Launceston companies, and thoy will bo finished on Saturday. Tiie "Illustrated Australian News." —The Scptombor number of the " Illus trated Australian News" came to hand yes terday. I11 every particular it maintains the standard attained by the publication, and should find a ready sale. A mountain scene near Lake Wakatipu, Now Zealand, which occupies the front page, should con vey a protty aecurato idea of tho grandeur of the sccnory in Maori land, A representation of a volcanic eruption at the island of Now Britain, and another of tho Cave Rock, Suinnor, Canterbury, Now Zealand, occupy a full page. On the opposite one is a very well executed sketch of tho Victorian Court at the Baris Exhibition, with capital portraits of tho lYInco and Princess of Wales, the hon, J. J. Casey and Mr. G. C. Levey occu- pying prominent positions. Vignettes of the hon. W. J. Clarke, and Sir A. Hamilton Gordon, Governor of Fiji, are faithfully given, and a group of scenes at tho conver sazione of tho Royal Society will prove very interesting. A view in the interior of New Guinea rIiowm off very well the rich foliage of that almost unknown land. Sturt-strcct, Ballarat, with tho Town Hall as tho promi nent feature, conclude the number of illus trations. In addition to four' columns- of Tasmania)) summary, there is the usual amount of excellent reading mattor. A New Railway Sidinc.— Wo under stand tlmt Mr. James Lord is about to have laid down a short line of railway from his coal minus at York Plains to the Maiu Line Railway : this will admit of double tho quantity being sent by train to market. At presont, it social Mr, Lord pays thu Railway Company at the rato of £800 a-ycur for the transit of his coal, which ho thinks ere long will he twice as much, owing to tiie inerousou doinaud. The miners are in the hill about 8(15 foot, with tho coal seam improving. This one industry from one firm, developed, and utilized, as it could only 1>c by the rail way, is but an instance of many thnt might be adduced to show the great benefit the railway has conferred upon tho country. ' 