HEVIEWA I THE "MELBOURNE REVIEW » i The postponed- publication of the JfcI bourne Review for a fortnight after the time of its usual issue h:\s, evidently, lint- been caused by a failure of contributions, as we lind in tlio October number a series of articles treated in a manner that would reflect credit on the first periodicals in Great Britain. Mr. Angus Maekay contributed a paper on the public career and privato character of the late Dr. Lung, which is cer tainly the most, exhaustive and lucid that has been written on the subject since the death of that venerable and distinguished states man. The life of Dr. Lang lias been so olo.scly identified \vi!!i Australia during its period of transition from despotic rule to perfect freedom, under political institutions framed 011 (he Dritish model, that the man wlu> shall write the biography of that emi nent politician cannot do so without writing also the political history of Australia. The changes that have been effected in Australia during the fifty-five years Dr. Lang had been actively engaged in its public affairs may be estimated when we consider that in 1823, whon tho young Presbyterian clergyman arrived in Sydney, little was known about Victoria, Queensland was a terra incoynitu, the Murray had never been crossed by a white man. and the Tllon lUountams wore almost, tho Ultima Tluile of Australian exploration. The Government was then, anil necessarily so, conducted on thorough despotic principles. Trial by jury —tho Englishman's birthright—hud no exist ence, or was relegated to a few officers who decided with their swords by their sides on tho lives or liberties of tho king's subjocts. A Government Gazette was published to re cord the acts of the Governor, and a news paper in the interest of the Government was tolerated, but the freedom of tho press was strictly prohibited. The state of society in Sydney up to 1820, of course, conld not admit of those salutary rules by which civil liberty is enjoyed by a peaceful, industrious, and law-abiding people. A few years before, Governor Maetpiarie stated that there were onl}7 two classes in Sydney—and Sydney then almost signified all Australia—one class that hail'boen transported, and another that de served to be transported. So it appears from the opinion of his Excellency there was little or no difference between the moral attributes of tho free and bond. Keligious freedom, however, which ought always to exist, even in prisons, participated in the civil restrictions of the convict settle ment. The Church of England establish ment was dominant, and marriages, baptisms, or burials of the dead, could only bo cele brated by clergymen of that, denomination. Ill 1823, two years after a thin stream of im migration set in, " tho established Church of England," says Mr. Mackap, was the only recognised form of religion, viul it was richly endowed. Its dignitaries revived handsome salaries from the State anc tho church and schools corporations monopliaed large por tions of the most _ valuabj .lands. _ „.The tion for tho performance of hheir religious rites, not, liowuvor, as a right, lit as an act of grace, because, in the words of fcrThos. Bris bane, the Governor they had collected them selves well." But even that condi'tmal tolera tion was denied the I'rcsbyteians by the Governor, who was himself a meiber of that denomination and a Scotchman. Then com menced the opposition of Dr. Lug to the ruling powers at Sydney, which wa\ scarcely ever abated until the advent of }jr John Young to the (iovernment. Vie 11 the young Scotch clergyman attempted > erect a Presbyterian establishment in Svnov hr> met more opposition from his own tuntry nien, who, after ignoring their 'ormcr ro'igious opinions, and joining the wealthy establishment, evincoil ai the virulent zeal and malignity of apoates. "Sir Thomas Brisbane informed Dr. >,ang that toleration was the glory of the Clirch of England, and if Presbyterians didnot approve of her ritual, she did not f<bid them to worship in any other way w\ch thej' might think moro likely to glorify^, ligion.'' The doctor denied tho Govern>'s definition by informing his Excellency tit " toleration was not the glory of the Chur\ of England, but of tho British Constitution'* Scoichmcn, however, of the immigrant an industrial classes, rallied round their youii; clergyman, and, under his able and in\ domitable advice and exertions, a church, was raised, which was afterwards endowod with grants from tho Crown by directions from tho Secretary of Stato. So it appears the functions of church militant were forced on Dr. Lang before he becamo a political leader. Subsequently ho established a journal independent of the Government, and by his vigorous and in cisivc writing in its pages, his opinions ob tained wider range than in the moro circumscribed sphere of the pulpit. His pen as potent as his tongne, la-=hod vice wherever lie found it, without regard to the powor or social positions of the delinquents. In 1813 he entered the Sydney Legislature as member for Port Phillip, and in conjunction with such men as Lowe,\Yent worth, Windeyer, and others, effected those ameliorations, the offshoots of which are the institutions we now enjoy. Dr. Lang was never a wealthy man, because whatever riches he acquired he, with a lavish hand, dis bursed in improving tlio moral and deve loping the material prosperity of his adopted country. Nine times during fifty years lie circumnavigated the globe with those objects in view, visiting England, Ireland, Scotland, Germany, Canada, and the United States of America. The funds raised to enable the reverend gentleman to perform these laborious and expensive voyages must have been subscribed by his friends and sympathisers, which is a sterling proof of their confidence and his popularity. Dr. Lang had his faults, but these appear to have arisen from the earnestness of his intentions, a detestation of shams, and a disposition con stitutionally combative. He had been prose cuted, fined and imprisoned, butthe fines were cheerfully paid by public subscriptions, liis persecutors lie treated with supercillious indif ference, and his imprisonment ho endured with dignity and magnanimity. Nowthat the grave lias closed over the remains of that <'reat man, liis good deeds should only bo re membered. Sir. Angus Mackay, who, with educated at the Australian College established by the venerable deceased, seems to have applied himself to the paper before us as a labor of love. -Sir John Robertson, another pupil at the grave of his venerated preceptor, declared that " he never had his equal as a political leader." The true explanation of that pithy remark may be found in the fact that Dr. Lang was never a party man in the ordinary acceptation of the term, as standing at the head of the community amongst whom he dwelt—the only party he led was the party of national progress. Mr. C. W. Caddy has written a short paper 011 a very important phase of the State educa tion question. " All work-," ho saj's, " which men wish to have done well is specialised. The work of education has become special ised, and here, as in all other vocations where perfection is striven for, the aim will bo to make it more and more so." The con tention of Mr. Caddy's contribution i3 that the office of " the State Bcliool teacher" should be confined to secular instruction, raid the inculcation of sound moral prin +The Mflbournr. limtic, October, 187S. Goo. Robertson, Melbourne, Sydney, Adelaide, and Brisbane, ciples, by impressing on the scholars the necessity of mutual support, and a .siriot- ob servance of lienor and honesty in dealing with each other—in a word, "by doing to others as t.hoy would have others do by them." I\Ir. Cuddy hiis shown how admir ably this system has succeeded where pro perly unforced, but in order to dovolop his theory to its fullest extent it would bo essen tial to pay particular attention to the charac ters, tempers, and the peculiar aptitude for the duties of all employed in the offices of education. The proper upbore for the incul cation of religious doctrines he believes to be tlio household of the parent, or tlio church of the particular denomination to which the children or parents belong. Mr. St. John Tnpp discusses the oft debated question regarding "the amount of classical learning possessed by Shakespeare." The critics, he says, are divided into two classes, " one contending that Shakespeare was a completely unlettered genius, totally ignorant of Latin and Greek, and the other holding that he was thoroughly versed in both languages." Without doubt, the truth will hold » middle place between the assertions of the two classes of critics. Wo have incon trovertible proofs in Shakespeare's plays, that the poet, if not a profound Latin snluilnr understood that language in all its woods j and tenses. The other theory though, as to liia acquaintance with Greek, is far more problematical. When Shakespeare lived that language was learned only by the most erudite persons in Western Europe, the same as Sanscrit or Hebrew is learned now. Greek, which even in Italy was almost totally neglected, was being revived about the time the poet was born, for causes consequent 011 the astound ing events in Asia Minor and Byzantium in the latter part of the fifteenth century. True Sir Thomas More and his friend Erasmus were profound Greek scholars, but it cannot bo argued from that fact, that the sod of a small tradesman could have had facilities for acquiring a knowledge of a language that was only then beginning to be taught in the most learned universities of Western Europe. But tho critics have often been busy with the fair fame of poor Shakespeare. One class of them aver and support their opinions by plausible arguments that ho was only a pro fessional " buskin," who performed at tho Globe Theatre the plays published in his name, but which tlicy assert wore rually written by Lord Yerulam—" the greatest and tho meanest, of mankind." Others are divided in opinion regarding the religious bolief of tho poet, some inferring from tho revelations of tho ghost in " Hamlet," about the life beyond the grave," that he was a believer in the doctrine of " purgatory"; whilst others uphold an opposite theory; founded 011 celebrated passages in his works. (To be continued.) 