THE PROMISE OP THE EATHER. A SERMON BY THE KEV. HORATIUS BONAH, D.D. f And, being assembled together with them, ,He com manded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the lather ; which, saith He, ye have heard of Me." -ACTS i. 4. The Holy Spirit is at once the promise of the Father *' and the gift of the Son.- .He comes to us not merely revealing His own love; but He comes as the expres Bion and manifestation of the love of the Father and I 4he love of the Son. ! He came at creation ; moving upon the face of the çvaters.and garnishing the heavens. He was " putupon¡ Moses and the elders of Israel. He " filled" Bezaleel and Aholiab. He " came upon" Gidjon, upon Jephthah, and the ether judges of Israel. He "came upon" Samuel, and David, and on the prophets. From time to time He came down on Israel ; but they "rebelled and vexed Hi» Holy fipirit." In'all those' ages past, the Spirit of God " came down" upon. the sons of men for the carrying out of the Divine purposes, aa in later days. He took possession of our earth at its creation, and though vexed and resisted, and grieved and quenched, He has never forsaken it. Like the rain, He has been always jr .coming ; like thc dew, He has been always distilling ; I like the oil, HR has been always dropping. ! His love and power are interwpven with the whole j history of the Church from the beginning ; with the j whole spiritual life that has been exhibited on earth. He "came' down" upon Mary, that "the Holy thing'' might be born of her. He " came down" on Zacharias and Anna and Simeon. He "came down" .without measure upon the Christ of God; filling this Divine vessel to±Jie full in a way and to an extent ?auch as no other could be filled. He "came down" at Pentecost more abundantly Opon the apostles. Several times in the apostolic re cords He is said to have "come down," to have *' fallen upon," to have been " poured out," to have Jjeen "shed down." . ?.--.. During tlie wholeof this dispensation there has been this constant "coining down;" and the eye of the ?Church lias times without number been lifted in long ing faith for this coming. - -» His.cumiug down has been ever likethèrain, falling in larger or smaller showers ; or, like the wind, blow ing'where it listeth. He is always " falling," always \ blowing.' ; sometimes in this place and sometimes in t that ; moro palpably in one age than another; but í always showing His power and love in producing and !' carrying on the spiritual life without which there ?could be no Church and no religion on earth. Towards'the beginning of the Reformation in Ger inany wo have a very striking instance of all this ; helping to. teach us in a truly solemn way what was the gr°at soureé of that mighty movement which woke tip all Europe, and which has gone on for three' cen turies, spreading itself overall lands. At Leipsic, in the palace of the Pleissehberg, on the 27th June, 1510, a great discussion was to take place, on the issues of which the spiritual history of .kingdoms might hang. -Many were gathered together on that day ; a few who' had foiind the light, others in resolute blindness, and a large number of earnest men, . just beginning to entertain the idea, in the depths of their souls, that possibly they had hitherto been all wrong, that the Church had been wrong, that .©ll Europe had been wrong. ; These last knew not what to think; they Í were perplexed, they were afraid; tho unconscious r -cry of their troubled hearts was for light. But how ' and whence is that light tocóme, they cannot tell. ] Shall they return to their old darkness, or shall they «merge into new light? They were the reprcsenta -fcives^of thousands throughout Europa. Ere the dicciiB&ion; began, tho old hymn, "Veni, ?Creator Spiritus, " Come, Holy Spirit," was sung .solemnly;-the whole assembly kneeling down, as if joining in the cry which that hymn embodied. Three times over was it sung, as if to express the greatness of the need then felt, and the strength of the desire for other help than that of man, whether prince or priest.. . Three times over from that palace-hall on ?earth there went up to the thronein heaven the cry, "'' Come, Holy Spirit," from men who but imperfectly .understood what they were asking for. And this was .ono of the many "groaninga which could not be ?uttered" that then roso up from weary souls, sick of .tho hollow forms of superstition, and looking around ;and. upward for something to fill their emptiness, and ?to give rest in their weariness. "Who can say how many of the blessings of after years and ages may be traced to such cries as this ? , Some men- tell us that |the Holy Spirit has come ?once for all, and that we ought not to ask Him thus .to come. But had not the Son of God come and taken -up His dwelling among men ? and yet the daily peti tion of the sick that surrounded Him was, Come to ¡me, O Son of David. A father's cry was, "Come .down, ero my child die ;" and the cry of Jairus was, " Corné, lay - Thy hands on her, that she may be healed." The Hon of God had indeed come, and yet the prayer to Him was "Come,"-como to me, come ; "to ray child, come to,my house. And did uofc Jesus i «ay, speaking of Himself and of the Father, "We will come unto him-?" So though, in one sense, the ?Holy Spirit, the Comforter, has indeed come, yet we may still entreat Him to come. " Come, breathe sjpouithese slain; that they may live." And as the .apostle prayed for the Ephesians, that they might be filled with the Spirit, so do we still breathe the same prayer-O Holy Spirit, fill us. Í Tho Holy Spirit, then, is the Promise of the \ Father ; that is, He whom the Father promised. ? He is one with the Father, yet He comes from the Father-the pledge of the Father's love to sinners-of Bis special love to the Church. He is one with the Son, yet He comes from the Soh--the pledge of tho lovo bf Christ. For through Him the Son of-mau is still seeking and saving the lost. Through Him the Shepherd is still going forth in queet of His wandering sheep, and still, day by cay, bringing them back to the fold. The Father, the Son, and the Spirit are one in Mature, one in love, one in power. God is love ; the Son is iove, the Spirit is love. Yes ; the Spirit is love, as truly as the Father and the Son. Ha is the Holy Spirit, yet He loven, with the love of yearning pity, the unholy ; and in love He strives with them, draws them,, arrests them, saves them. , It >b with Him, as revealing the power and graoe of *£e T,or<* Jesus Christ, that the sinner has to do in the day of his return from his sins. The first wish to return to God-the first thought about returning, came through Him. It was by His almighty agenoy that .tho soul was.first touched, and the man, in the midst of his sinfulness, made to feel his emptiness, and to cry out because of want aud weariness and dis satisfaction with self and all earthly things. It was He who, in the far country, made the prodigal to feel the famine of the land into which he had wandered, and to look back wistfully upon the plenty of his father's house. It was Ha who first laid His finger on the seared or heedless conscience and made the man know that he was a sinner, putting into his lips the first words of real repentance : " I will arise and go to my father, and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee, and am no more worthy to be called thy son." It was the Holy Spirit's teaching that, showing tho sinner the evil of his own heart and ways, penetrated him with a sense of personal unworthiness, and made kim say with the publican, " God be merciful to me a sinner." "What love was there in all this, what pity, what long-suffering 1 as if He were pleading with the sinner face to face, and reminding him of the Father's loving oath, As I live, I have no pleasure in thy death, but rather that thou shouldest turn from thy ways and live. For this it was that He was promised by tne Father ; for this it was that He waa " shed forth" by the'ascended Christ. For when the Risen One as cended and was glorified at the right hand of God, He " gave gifts unto men ;" and thia was the chiefest and most suitable, for it was " for the rebellious, that the Lord God might dwell among them." lt was He who, as the Divine Interpretev of the love and power of Chri«t, and in His own love, took the scales from the blind eyes, and showed the croas, with all the fulness of grace for the sinner which that cross contained and sealed ; revealing the precious blood, 'the finished work, the perfect righteousness, that thus the awakened spirit might find peace and rest. It was He who, as the Revealer of the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, and as He by whose inspiration all Scripture was given, took such texts as these and showed them to the seeking' soul : "The just shall live by faith ;" " He that believeth is not condemned ;" " Being justified by faith, we have peace with God;" " Him that cometh to Me, I will in no wise cast out ;". "Whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely." Words like these, interpreted to the soulby Him who is the "interpreter," became refreshment to the wearv and life to the dead in sin. It was He who melted the frozen heart, thawing its ice and turning its coldness into warmth by HÍB Di.vine power, and by His revelation of the love of Christ-love to the unholy and the unlovable, love to " the unthankful and the evil." It was Ho who, speaking of 'pardon through the blood of Christ, gently unloosed our bonds, and gave us liberty ; removing both our fetters and our bur dens, supplanting distrust by trust, delivering us from "the spirit of bondage," and givingus, as sons of the Divine " adoption," in Christ, " tho spirit of adop tion, whereby we cry, Ab Va, Father." It was by the power of the Holy Ghost that we were " quickened together with Christ," and renewed in the spirit of our minds, so that old things were taken away, and all things made new ; that darkness .was made light, and trouble turned into peace ; that holiness was wrought in us, and we were set forward on our heavenly course along the narrow way ; that all our diseases were healed, a3 well 'as all our fears soothed. The Holy Spirit " comes" to reveal Christ to the soul. He takes of the things of Christ and makes them known to us. He shows the preciousness of tho "precious blood." He shows the perfection of the perfect righteousness. He »hows the finished work of the Substitute, as the resting-place of the weary soul. It is He who as "the promise of the Father" " comes" to us as " the Comforter," and " dwells in us" as the "seal," as the "earnest," as the " witness." .His love is the love of One who desires to see us not only safe, but happy; not only happy, but holy, "holy and without blame before Him in love ;" for it is as "the Holy Spirit of promise" that He is "the earnest of pur inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession." And it is as the same Holy Spirit of promise that He turns our eye upwards, " looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God," teaching.us to .say, "even so come, Lord Jesus." There are many to whom this promise of thé Father is almost unknown. It is a strange thing in their ex perience ; they think little about the Holy Spirit be yond acknowledging the truth revealed in Scripture concerning His person and His work. They seem to believe that they can do without Him. They speak of God, they speak of Christ, but they seldom name the Holy Spirit, "Vet is it not with Him that we have so much to do each day and hour ? Is it not He that bas so much to do with us? We are to "sow to the Spirit ;" we are to bring forth "the fruit of the Spirit." AVe are to use " the sword of the Spirit ;" we are to " keep the unity of the Spirit ;" we are to be " strengthened with might by His Spirit in the inner man ;" we ar« to have the "love of God shed abroad in our hearts through the Holy GhoBt;" we are to "abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost ;" we are to be " sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise." We are to be " led by that Spirit." We are to "live in the Spirit ;" we are to " pray in the Spirit ;" we are to " walk in the Spirit ;"' we are to "mind the things of the Spirit." It is He who workoth in us both to will and to do. Do we rejoice in this close contact with such a friend ? Do we bid Him welcome each morn ing as we awake and open our eyes upon another dawn ? His name is still " the promise of the Father," though He is now more .Äan this-the gift of the Father and the Son. In receiving the Spirit, we have intercourse both with the Father and the Son. For it was the Son who thus spoke to us of the Father's love in bestowing that Spirit : " If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children : how much more shall your heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him 2" The Church of God needs this " Spirit of promise" now as much as at the first. The absence of the Spirit causes feebleness and leanness ; and it is only His presence, in all its fulness, that can restore strength and bring back health. Not rites and cere monies ; not forms and routines ; 'not learning and science ; not logic and eloquence ; but the Holy Spirit, revealing Christ in all His glory, aB made of God unto us wisdom and righteousness and sanctification and redemption ! It is He alone that can revive her ; that can strip off from her the unreal and hollow, the carnal and the earthly ; it is He alone that can trans form her into the bright image of her Lord, and make her ready for His appearing. It is He alone that can perfect that which concerneth her, causing her to "come bohind in no gift,"preparing her as a bride adorned for her husband, that she may ba ready for the marriage supper of the Lamb. Let her not " tempt"Him, nor "grieve" Him, nor " resist"Him, nor "quench"Him but bid Him welcome with out stretched arms. She needs Him more than ever in these days of Satan's wiles \ let her welcome Him with an .eagerness and a joy which shall tell how much she feels her need of Him, and how much she prizes His presonoe : how ready she is to surrender herself totally to His power, and to bid farewell to every intruding guest that could either displace Him or attempt to share His dwelling. Ho muBt have the Church wholly fo Himself. He will not give His glory to another, nor allow any rival inmate. Yet He does not force Himself in. He woos that He may win. For though He is irresistible, yet His is the irresistibility of the light-gentle, imper ceptible, noiseless. Church of God ! Let Him have you as His habitation, alone and without a rival. See then .what He will make of you. Let Him fill you, and you will learn what that tilling can do. Or, to change the figure, I would say, He does not love imperfect workmanship. He must make His temple like Himself. He must make the vessel in His hands meet for the Master's use. Let Him have HÍ3 own way with us and in us, and we shall see how quickly and how fully Ile will do His work. " Be filled with tho Spirit" is His own message to us. Gladly let us accept that message, and open our hearts to His gracious power. The world ineeds the Spirit of promise. Ere the Lord left the earth He spoke very strikingly of this Spirit in connection with the world. " When He is come, He will reprove tho world of sin." He has a mission to the world. He has come, like the Son of man, to gather in the lost. His errand ÍB to the sons of men. He is just such a Spirit as the world needs ; and, in His love and pity, He has come to deal with that world, whether it will hear or whether it will forbear. In the days of Noah Ho dealt with that world; but they closed their ears. In the days of Israel's impenitence He dealt with Israel, but they "resisted and vexed" Him. He is still stri-ving with sinners. He has not forsaken the earth. He still follows the stubborn soul with His gracious importu nity, laying His hands on it, and saying, " Oh that thou wouldst hearken!" He is unwearied ..and long-suffering to the lapt. Many waters cannot quench His love, neither can the floods drown it, He was one with the Father and with the Son in His Divine compassion ; one with the Father and the Son in the blessed testimony, in the loving declaration, "Asl live, saith the Lord, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that he should turn from hi» ways and live ; turn ye, turn ye, why will ye die ?" 