OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. • •• • FROM OUR ADELXIDK COBKBSPONDEHT. Adelaide, March 19. The Government oracle ha6, at last, spoken, and after an unpardonable delay the country has beeu placed in possession of the Ministerial programme. As a whole, it is a most disappointing one, and is certaiuly anything but bold and comprehensive. If Mr Boucaut thought to give the country such a surprise, as he did when he propounded his policy prior to the last elections, he has lamentably failed. He can get no credit for the outer harbor scheme, for it is a work which any Ministry would have had to introduce, and the same may be said of most of the proposed railway extensions : some of which, however, such as the extension of the Northwest Bend line to Wentworth, and a line from Narracoorte to Jessie, are absurd pieces of folly. His proposal also to give the Governor power to dissolve one-third of the. Upper House at a dissolution of the Assembly is not likely to be adopted. The burning questions of Law Reform and Taxation he has left almost untouched, or, at all events, has dealt with them in such a way that it is evident they are not likely to receive much attention at the hands of the Government. The manifesto, after the anticipations which had been raised in the public mind, with respect to it, is most unsatisfactory, and it is not difficult to foreshadow what the fate of the Ministry will be, unless they alter it considerably when Parliament meets. The policy of the Opposition, which Mr Colton has promised to lay before the country when he addresses his constituents next week, will be looked forward to with much interest. Election meetings are now in full swing all through the country, and new candidates are continually coming out in different districts. There is not likely to be very much change in the representation of the city, although in consequence of the retirement of many old members of the House from political life, it will, when it meets again, be well infused with new blood. The Hon. N. Blyth is likely to be returned unopposed for North Adelaide ;. for East Adelaide, there are at present only two candidatesM essrs J, C. Bray and J. S. Fowler; and for West Adelaide, the contest, AS yet, lies between Messrs J. Darling, H. Fraser, W. K. Simths, and J, Jones. I need hardly say that the latter has not got " the ghost of a chance." Telegraphic communication on the Port Darwin line, which was interrupted by the flooded state of the country between Yadlamalka and Beltana, has been restored ; and we are again in receipt of European telegrams. The news is still of a most threatening nature. England appears to be determined, with Austria, to insist on a full statement of the terms of the treaty of peace between Russia and Turkey, before she will send a representative to the proposed conference. Should Russia decline to accede to this request, it appears to be more than probable that both England and Austria will enter into an alliance against her. The telegrams of the next few days will be looked forward to most anxiously. On Saturday our Hibernian fellow colonists held a most successful demonstration in honor of St. Patrick's Day. Several thousand Irishmen were present from various parts of the colony, and, decorated with the national color, they marched in procession round the terraces and through the principal streets of the town. A large concourse of persons gathered to witness the procession, which teas carried out in a very orderly manner. In the eveniug, a grand festival was held in the Town Hall, at which Sir G. S. Kingston presided. National songs were sung, and speeches, in which the glories of Erin were dilated on, were delivered. Sir Charles Gavin Duffy, who was invited to be present, sent an apology in which he expressed his strong sympathy with his countrymen in the proceedings of the day, but stated that his Parliamentary duties prevented his leaving Melbourne to attend them. The ocean steamer Chimborazo, one of the new Orient line, struck on a rock off Jervois Bay, on her voyage from Melbourne to Sydney, and received very serious injury. She ran into Jervois Bay and anchored there, and her passengers and cargo were transhipped to steamers sent for the purpose from Sydney. A hole was found to be knocked in her fore compartment; but her other compartmets were free of water. It is expected that she will be able to be taken on to Sydney. The Garonne, another ship of the same line, left Plymouth on the 8th of this month, with 377 passengers, She has 220 tons of cargo for Adelaide, 700 for Melbourne, and 1,800 for Sydney. The man Fagan, who so brutally murdered poor Bannan at Saltia at the end of last year, was tried to-day, and found guilty. His Honor, Mr Justice Stow, in passing the sentence of death on the convict, told him that he was not to entertain any hopes of a reprieve ; but to prepare himself for the dreadful penalty of the law. The Soldene Opera Company open the new Theatre Royal on Monday evening next. The Theatre is a good way from being completed yet; but workmen are employed on it night and day, in order to have it ready for the opening night. 