Amusements, Theatbe Rotal.— ' Bask from the Grave,' tbe new drama by Mr. Darrell, has realised all the anticipations entertained of its success, being patronised by large audiences every night since it was put upon the boards. ' The piece, too; is received with very marked demonstrations of applause. The management have determined not to withdraw, for the present, so profitable and favourite a piece, and it will therefore be played all next week, Victoria Theathe.—' William Tell' will be placed upon tbe boards of tbe Victoria Theatre to night This drama is one of Sheridan KnowleB1 ablest productions, and gives a fine opportunity for Mr. Creswick to display his dramatic power. In a period of exeat political movements, sneb a piece as 'William Tell' would move the very heart of the people, but even in these .' passing tfmes of peace' no healthy imagination can be indifferent to tbe noble character of the Swiss vindicator of human liberty. Miss Boming takes the part of Emma, Tell's wife, a beautiful, though not very promi nent character, for the ploy is essentially a masculine Queen's Tkeatbc — Kelly and Leon's famouf min strels have a great bill for then: patrons to-night. Everything on the programme is new, the chef being the operetta of 'The Hose of St. Flour,' by Offenbach. School of Arts.— Those wonderfully lifeIikecon trivances— the Marionettes— are drawing large audi ences to the School of Arts. This is sot to be won dered at, for the man must be a very hypochondriac who cannot be moved to immoderate laughter at the antics these automatons cut, and the astonishing way in which they ore made to ' ape humanity.' A Ghostly Snow.— We are promised something rather novel in tbe show business. The Guild Hall, in Castlereogh-stnet, bos been taken for two months for tbe exhibition of a 'substantial ghost.' Those who have hitherto understood that ghosts were merely mythical creations, may be practically convinced that shadow* are substantial. ' Mr. D'Arcy Beede's ghost of the celebrated Pepper took some 30 able-bodied men to lift into the Guild Hall last night. The ghost will be exhibited for tbe first time next Friday evening. The Russian Empress h a gnea seamstress andcoaM moke Alexander a pair of pautaloraa if be were to oik her for them. ? ''? ' 