An Old Colonist's Notions of j ; , things !' at Home" . THESE English people do things on a very large scale. One must personally see them in order to realise their enormous proportions. The amplest account of them falls short of fully representing them ;.uow insufficient, then, must be a mere digest. Wbnders, however, are done in this -way. Literary ants gather store from every quarter, and with an apparatus like that of bees t'oi changing all they father to honey, these summaries are works of art ; ut sometimes in utter despair of doing better, the ants carry off as much as will fill their pages and throw the balance away. "Who can blame them? Hercules may have emptied an ocean with a bucket, but even he! could never have put the Pacific into i one ; and Hercules must not be compared to a pressman. Could he write shorthand 'r! Could he describe a Lord Mayor's Show, or jot down an aiter-dinner speech at the Guildhall ? Nothing of the sort. But by-and-by roy countrymen will i come to think that the affairs of 'England are quite i Lilliputian as compared with their own, which i they daily see with uhbeclouded eyes. I warn the 1 Postmaster-General of England, too. His office is a kind of Towoi- of Babel, in whose labyrinths he is in danger of forgetting so small a place as the " colony of Australia." He must seize tho'most rapid means of communication with us, and make them as cheap as possible for conveying fullest and ; earliest news. We Australians are good customers, that is, we buy and sell largely in tho finglish market, aud England cannot afford to let a foreigner get our trade. "We ai-i a rising people too, and two things by which every man proclaims his own ascent in the world are by trading just whero he pleases, and by giving his custom to the biggest shop. No doubt John Bull's Í3 the biggest shop in Europe,.but he must advertise it well, big as it is, or.be will lose our custom. I took up my pen to say that John is a big man, every way considered.- ' He is a great sportsman. "What a summer of pleasure we have had; what cricket, ?what racing, what aquatics. In this larfi.r branch of our sports a wonderful thing has been done. It may now be seen that a whole doa« not contain all its parts. Higgins has won the championship of England, but that Parramatta River man is allowed to be champion of the world. Not much is-said hore about Trickett. These Englishmen are great in silence as in speech. ¡ John Bull is a great churchman. We have had * i large conferences and congresses, and are now hav ! ing their after-clap in lectures and reviews. It is } amusing to hear the speakers at these gatherings speak of the other-sides. They always wonder that their opponents can be so- puerile or senile as to'use arguments and quote facts long since dis posed of. They all remind me of an old warrior I have read about, who resolved to build a temple to his god. But his said god had far too much res pect for himself to allow him to do it, but he let the old man down lightly by suggesting that he should depute such a work to his son. In truth, the gods are served in the field by soldiers, but in their temples they are served only by priests. These belligerent divines may slay all the enemies of a great united church, and leave tho »old to build it; but it seems to nie that they will not be spared to minister in it. . John excels in.commerce. If I stand, in front of the Exchangei the Mansion House, and the Bank, I feelthat I stand on theheart of the world.- This is notan original idea ; and if writing for any save my most confidential friends, it wo u ld be necessaiy to explain that most nations, ancient hnd:moderh, regard the seat of their chief national interest as the centre of the earth. In.all other cases this is mero assumption, but of London it is true. The Duke of Wellington occupies the- : centre of this gigantic heart. He is mounted on a very pacific looking, metallic horse. It strikes me that an i Australian artist ; designed that statue, for the Duke is the brazen: image of a black fellow on horseback, minus his wideawake, jüxtremes meet, j The, Dilke is the Briton's type of military fidelity i and power, and around the base of his pedestal I throng^ regiment of little red-coated shoeblacks, ¡ every one of. its members trying equally well to do his duty. But oh ! : this mighty, crowd of busy and pleasure-seeking people; these smart-looking youths, embryo Peabodys ; these merchant princes that I Bee ! And .this is Threac\ieed'.e-street. It would gratify nie to see the little sempstress who is smart enough to thread a needle there, except on Sundays. The exchanges of the world are regu lated by what is seen at a glance, standing here. Yes, this is the heart "of London ; Loudon is the heart of England ; and England is the heart of the globe. And yet in the midst of all this I feel as solitary as Campbell's last man, and look up for the sun that I may apostrophise him ;but I cannot see j him. Ile ,is seldom seen in London ;and so I drop j :>jfcto the current that is streaming down Ch'eap I ííide, where I collide with a gentleman as English : ships collide in the Channel. I apologise, so does I he, when ah ! bless ' my stars, I. know his face ; he j knows mine; we shake hands most affectionately, . ' and ask each other's name. We are both from j Sydney./ It is enough, " let us go somewhere and ¡ nave dinner." Mr. Bull's servants are much like their master : they do things on a large scale. Itookjat their blunders. They make nothing of smashing up scores of people by a single railway accident. Look at their faults-the " Petective Case," the " Law Swindle," and suchlike, Slangs they are massive and far reaching ir. operation and consequences. Since I ara yery anxious to make good use of what I see it has been my study to. discover the reasons and causes of all this great ness. Apparently they are often totally different, and always distinct, yet astbeyproceod they focus, and thereafter the sum of their forces travels in the same line. This is ono of them, the English man has a habit of identifying himself with national affairs in which ho has no pers«*ud in terest. He talks of " our" commerce, " ov) '' navy, "our"everything. I have an old friend, *. retired officer of Her Majesty's Civil Service; lt delights toe to hear him discuss the political situations of Europe. .'" We'arenotto be drawn into;this war ; ov, if we do enter tho arena we shall put hot irons into the Russian bear and make him dunce, and then give, such a dose of medicine to tho sick man ol Turkey that ho will never, want i nothex. ;" and m j friend's ample little chest leaves like n Atlantic ¡billow,. ^03, here ia one of England's sources of greatness, the fierce patriotism of her individual sons. No country can afford to trifle with that ; it is more than a quantity, it is a factor whicli may be squared and cubed nd infinitum. Here is another of modern growth-the almost uuiversal application of "the co- operative principle. Iain told thi3 extends even to the poor street pedlars who haunt the thoroughfares of all the great cities: They offer a gold (?) watch and chain for a penny. Their stock does not range from the needle to the anchor,, of which we have heard so often, but it is very considerable, and any ar ticle may be had for a penny. I am told that these poor men belong to a great co-operative company carry ing on business in all the chief towns in England. It is said that their stock is bought first-hand, and then distributed to these small vendors, who live by it, and so are saved from the degradation of the workhouse or the prison. This co-operative principle is largely applied in politics and charities. And here I will fill an omission in my last handful of notes relating to the many uses which are here made of the " working man." . I forgot to name the very latest. It is this. A recent Act of Parliament has for its object a speedy correction of offences against the Rubrics. It appears to be not a dead letter, but a living one with a venomous sting. There is here, in the State Church, a party having extreme dispositions to wards ornate services. They don't like this new Act, and what so natural as that they should com bine to oppose its operations, and to agitate for its repeal ? When the party came to be christened, the name which its sponsors gave it was the " Working-man's Society." In my desire to see all sides of English life, I went one evening to see one of these gatherings of "working men." Admission was by free ticket, but great discretion was used in giving them out. At the door stood two or three Tutbury pet-looking men, who rather r uglily jostled away perons who came without tickets ; the working-men did not come that night. Young girls conducted by their nurses or brothers, made up jthe bulk of the audience,~the brothers going only to the door, and thenaway to the bicycle or volunteer club. It seems to me that the work ing-men of England have no liking for this move ment, but their name is a power which this new co operation has applied in a cause which, if suc cessful, would relegate the poor to the besotted darkness of the darkest ages. I have remarked that this peculiar devèlopment of insanity and immortality is a parasite on tho State Church only; it does not touch Nonconformists, and apparently it cannot subsist by itself. I am struck by its points of resemblance to Mormonism \ ?(«) in the personal character of its leading agitators ; (6) its victims are young women ; (c) its operations are in secret, whilst outwardly it presents a phase of alternating bravado and cowardice. At the meet ing to which I have referred a man more rash than valorous expressed his dissent from proposals made on the platform. He: was invited forward to deliver his protest. It was much the sort of invi tation which Keenan's Ghost gives at a dark séance. Nobody accepts it ; the conclusion-is that all must be believers; It ?reminded me of a trick which I have seen played by boys, upon some credulous innocent abroad. He is told to open- his mouth,.to shut his eyes, to see what the goods will send him. "With this suicidal tendency of all insane parties this curious- church parasite is .clamouring for the separation of Church and State, not perceiving that if' that were-to-take" place, Ritualism; as it is called, would instnntlydie. i Everybody knows how much the Press has had tb do with the work of raising England' into .greatness, and that largely her power is in the Press. There is one thing only on which it is need ful io utter a word just, here-a word of surprise. It is not so much the magnitude of press work that surprises me;it is not the high character of it either. They are matters for thanksgiving ; but it is the freedom allowed in the discussion, of old and long privileged subjects. The very thing which one might suppose would raise the standard of revolt in a day is found to be most potent in keeping down revolt. How is this ? It is not the grandeur of the picture. You'may tell me that man is the noblest work of God ; that mind is the noblest part of man ; and that its noblest attitude is liberty; but this does not account for it. Here it is., Things have come to this in England, that the popular mind is largely and well-informed by the Press, and when the Press speaks out boldly it speaks out the heart of the people. When a man has spoken his mind freely he is relieved, his speech has not inflamed his passions, it has re lieved them. So of a whole people ; and that which you suppose to be a match to a powder magazine is the great safety valve of the over charged machine. But for obvious reasons this cannot at once be allowed in every country, the people must be educated up to it as they have been here, in a school of protracted and severe discipline. The work is done now and the people wear meeklj' their proud degree. I take it, therefore, that the freedom enjoyed by the people to examine great characters, not excepting the Queen, great measures and acts of diplomacy, is the very thing which, after the first blaze of popular, feeling, leaves only the cinders of disloyalty and the glowing embers of a patriotic fire. It is on my miud to say how great the part which photography is playing. This young art has become a kind of fifth estate of the realm. One example will suffice. Torpedo warfare now engages great attention. Can it be believed that photo graphy is one of its aids ? By its help an exact picture of the torpedo is taken. The explosion is photographed, so that we can measure the exact result, lt was, I think, a Yankee who noticed the smallness of this island, and the compactness of the population. It is an old joke, for it was told in my boyhood: that this Yankee went about England in fear of falling off the little island, and of knocking others into the water. But in good truth, this compactness of the population is an important fact. It ia on this account that all im pulses are so easily transmitted from centre to circumference of the body national, just as all metals, because of the peculiar nearness and atti I tude of their particles, readily conduct electric currents. At Manchester we have London pnpera for breakfast ; for lunch in Edinburgh; and all ¡England may read The Times on the day of its I publication. One does not simply know what is taking place, he feels it. But a truce to this; and let us not confuse-things that differ., It is plain enough that this greatness is in part the result of mere numbers, if we take tho individual mer chant.1 or statesman, or criminal, he is not greater than a specimen from the same class with us. Take William Kurr, a rascal of the first water. How was it that he could clear, say, £10,000 by one hoax? Mainly because he had ten thousand, in stead of a hundred people to operate upon. Our bustiranging Gardiner hailed the gold escort one morning, and relieved it of gold worth £70,000. To be sure this is nothing to be proud of ; but I am naming specimens of character. Let us take the Indian Famine Belief Fund. Nearly half a million is a large sum of money ; but look at the number of contributors. It is very yjleasaat to hear on ail hands that the appeal for our. starving fellow sub jects in India has been answered. The patriotism of the people is appealed to. But let me ask, is this charity deeper, is it more tender, than it would be with us ? I think not. With us it would have a broader basis ; it would be more humane. Humanity is a broader thing than patriotism, and with us the appeal always lies to the former. Yes, numbera tell here. But let it be demanded, who are the men that make these crowds, that manage these mammoth interests, that live in these palaces ; are they giants, are they all princes ? Let it be granted that they are men of like passions with ourselves, and still they are massive in their unity. The facts beat my logic. Mountains are made of dust, and oceans are made of drops; but they are terribly big for all that.-European Mail. 