LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Wednesday, 21 July, 1878. The Sfeakeu took tlio chair ut lialf-past tlirco o'clock. BRISBANE TIME-GUN. Mr. Bailey asked tho Colonial Sccrc- tary— Out of what fund is tho coat of tho firing oauj uio iirisDano time-gun provided iorr' Tho Premiec (Mr. Douglas) replied— Tho cost of firing daily tho Brisbane time - gun, is provided out of tho Colonial storo voto ; but tho salary of tho operator is paid by tho , , Tolcgraph department. ADJOURNMENT. Mr; Stevenson said ho wished to movo tho adjournment of the Houso to ohtniu somo information from the Premier with regard to tho action that had been taken by tho Government upon tho defences of the colony. Ho had delayed bringing tho matter .before tho House, because he ox pcctcd to have some information from tho report of Colonel Serutclilcy, which, he thought, was to havo been placed upon tho table boforo now. Prom information ho had received, it appeared that some two months ago, the construction of batteries was commenced about eight miles down tlio river, at a place called Porter's Hill. Tho contract was for tlio expenditure of £2,000, and already £1,000 had been spent ; what had been done, . however, had been done without any arrangement between the Gov ernment and the owner of the property upon which the works had been erected, and oven without that gentleman's know ledge. After the works had proceeded so far, aha £1,000 had been snout, ho was given to understand that it suudenty dawned upon the Government that it was time to ask the owner if ho objected to what was being done upon his property, and to discover whether tlicy could make any arrangements .with him. They applied to tho proprietor of this land, who lived in Sydney, and asked him to como to Brisbnno and nego tiate with them. Ho (Mr. Stevensou) beliovcd they had failed to purchase ' the land at what they considered to be a . rcusonnblo figure, and had arrived at . tlio conclusion that it was wiser to abandon tbe situation altogether — to allow tlio money in fact, to be thrown away, aud to pay all expenses connected with the works, which would probably include compensation to the owner for damage done to his property. He brought this matter forward, because tbe expected re port had not been laid ujkhi tho table, aud uccause ho was informed that even after the Government had decided to abandon tlio works, men wero engaged there, and were, in fact,' to tho number of fifteen or twenty, working there this day upon work, for tho undoing of which the country would, liavo . to pay. Ho trusted the Pre mier would give the Houso the real facts of TIicPbemieb said he thought that, upon a motion of adjournment of this kind, it was not desirable to enter into a lengthened discussion of the subject involved, lie could only inform the honourable gentle- man that some mouths ago, when war appeared to' be imminent, and on the last occasion ..that Colonel Scratchlcy visited . the colony, that officer recommended, as a temporary expedient, the erection of some . earthworks and fortifications nt Doughboy Creek. .This was to consist of a sand-bag fortification upon which guns might be mounted. This he considered the most immediate and clfectivu step to be tnken in order to command the line of torpedoes which it was considered desirable should be placed in tho river at that point. At Colonol Seratehley's recommendation, and to meet tho pressing emergency, as it was then thought to be, this work was authorised. Subsequently plans were furnished by Colonel Serutchley ; n contract was entered iuto; further amend ments in the desigu were made ; and the work proceeded. Sinco then, Colonel Scratcluey had again visited the colony, . and, after un inspection of the work! and in view of the fact that the position of affairs in Europe had changed, had recommended the abandonment of tlio works. He did not undertake now to define Colonel Seratehley's reasons. That gentleman had sent in a report, which would soon be in tho hands of honourable mem bers, advancing, he believed, sufficient reasons for; tho change of policy he now, -recommended. Colonel Serutchley recommended tho adoption of Sir 'William .-Jcrvois' . .roport as uto, fortifications at Lytlon, and did not consider it desirable to spend much money at Doughboy Creek. But bearing in miud partly tho situation itself, and the fact that an immediate prospect of war had passed away, and also in the hope that a larger and more effectual work would be commenced at no very distant date, he rccommcudcd tho abandonment of the temporary works, which had been described. Ho (Mr. Douglas) must bo allowed to contradict tho honourable member for Cler mont in some particulars. Tho Govern ment had received permission from Mr. "Williams, tho resident agent and attor ney of tho owner of the land, to take possession of tho ground for tho pur poses required ; and they went there, not only with full permission to construct the works, but with the assuranco that thoy should bo allowed to remain thcro during the tenaucy of tho present occu pant, which was about threo years. Bear ing iu mind that this was only a temporary expedient, this arruugeincnt was considered sufficient for all practical purposes ; and, in view of tho emergency which existed, they were jusljfied in entering into tlio work at once. Negotiations hud taken placo be tween Mr. Williams nncl himself, with the view of purchasing the ground. Colonel Scratolilcy was of opinion that tho place might still be of some use in the event of anothor emergency arising, and thutit was, thorofore, under these circumstances, not altogether undesirable to buy tho land. He (tho Premier) could not sny more now than this — that Colonel Seratehley's recom mendation to abandon the works hud been received, and tlio Government had come to the conclusion that it was not desirable to proceed further. Mr. Giiaiiau said ho thought it was strango that if it wus not considered desir- ablo that tho work should go on, it should actually be going on at the present moment, and that men should bo engaged at the present time. Ho had himself seen them at work to-day ; and he believed it was on ' that account that tho honourable member had brought this question forward. The statement of the Premier, that tho work was to be abandoned, required a still further explanation, seeing that it wus being earned on. Tho Houso should know why it was being carried on. Tho Puemieb said it was desirable that certain excavations should be filled in, to restore the ground, as far as possible, to its former condition. Mr. Guaiiaai said tho consent of tho proprietor was obtained only for putting down some sand-bugs; whereas trenches 30 feet deep through solid rock had been made. In fact, a perfect terrace hud been raised, and the property had been, no doubt, considerably improved. The improvements thus made without tho owner's consent hud amounted to somethingover .Cl.OOOnnd there wus a contract for masonry and timber- work whidi amounted lo£l, 750, nudthutluid to get tho freehold of tho land. This had mt the owner in a splendid position, and if in (Mr. Graham) was in lus position, he should ask for a far less moderate sum for tho use of the land, and mako tho Govern ment pay for it. Ho considered the hon ourable member for Clermont had a, right to briug forward this matter, and that tho Government, in extending a tunnel some 30 feet deep, forming, in short, a plateau of of 500 or C(J0 yards down the river, without the acquiescence of the proprietor of tlio land, wero guilty of incapacity, or had no regard on the demands or tho public purse. He should like to hear from the Minister for Public "Works what his opinious wero upon this subject. Mr. Bailey said that tlio honourable member had referred to the demands upon the public purse ; but be was of opinion that whilo they wero erecting batteries and putting up guns, by-and-by they would find that they would bo without Volun teers at nil. If the so-called Volunteer Bill they hud before them, but which i wus really a Militia Bill, wus passed in the other House, the force would bo not only decimated, but destroyed; and tho colony would bo saddled with these batteries, without persons to man them. That was the way they were legis lating—first taking largo sums of money for defence purposes and spending them, then bringing in a Bill to hinder men work ing tho butteries, and crying out all tho whilo that the)' wore defending the colony. Instead' of (as many members suggested) raising throughout tho colony n body of men for fighting purposes— men capable of using arms, and putting arms into their hands— real volunteers, patriotic men, they were raising a small body of hireling militia. The main body of volunteers would un doubtedly resent this and refuse to join. Mr. I'almeii said tho honourable mem ber for Wide Bay had mnde a serious mis take if he thought that the House hH voted any large sum for tho defences of tno colony ; certainly none had been voted for batteries. The Premier had made no ex planation at all to the Houso. Tlio hon ourable gentleman reminded him of a cuttle fish, who coloured the water around him in order to blind the ob server as to what it wus doing. If it was truo tlmt the Government hud spent all this money without the consent of tho owner of the land, and without authority, although tho Houso wns sitting at tho time, they were very much to blame ; they would at the rate tbey wero .going, go on until they had tho member for Mary borough dictator, without asking tho Houso for supplies at all. If what had been stated was true, tho Ministry ought to recoup this money, for they had no right to spend it. It was true £12,000 hud been voted for tho defences of the colony, but that did not give thorn any right to erect this battpry without the man's consent. He himself wns dowu the river a fow days ago, and was amazed nt thoplntcau thrown up there, and wondered where the authority came from. Mr. Ivony asked, whether tho Govern ment could give any explanation of this matter? He believed the Colonial Secre tary was dubbed " Minister for War," ami he should, therefore, be able to give all necessary information about this largo battery, built upon private property. He hoped thcro had ucon no similar expenditure going on in other parts of the colony. For himself, ho should rather enjoy tlio Gov ernment stepping in upon his property and making such improvements; but it was a matter for serious consideration as re garded tho couutry. It was duo to the country to have soino information with regard to the blunder that had been made. It was probably nothing more than a mistake ; but ho wus surprised that tlio Minister for Works should sit so quietly, aud not tuko up the cudgels on behalf of the country. Did tho Minister for Works know auy thing about it? Tho Ministeu fou Works : No. Mr. Ivory said it it was liigli time tlmt ho did know something, and protest agaiust wlint his colleagues were doing. Mr. Fox did not think tlio remarks which had coiuc from honourable members on his side of tho Houso were altogether justified, scoiug that they had been urging the Government in tho past to make some provision for tho defence of tho colony. It was all very well for them to talk in this strain now wheu there was no sign of wur. Ho knew that tho Premier oxpresscd great rcluctanco to entering into the ex penditure that was advocated. He (Mr. pcuditurc complained of ; but it had been forced upon tho Government to a great extent by the romarks of honourable members from his side of tho House. Whether it wus undertaken by one Minister or. tho whole Government, no ono in the House seemed to know. Mr. Beor did not undcrsiaiul tlmt any one on his side of the House blauicd tue Government for spendiug money ou tho dc- fcucos of the colony. They accused the Government of having managed' the de fences in an improper maimer — of throwing the money away upon land which did not belong to them. The Colonial Tueasuuer (Mr. Dickson) said that in this matter the Government had acted on the advice of Colonel Surntchloy. They could not possibly have a higher military authority, and seeing tlmt at the time tho works wero under taken there wus an apprehension of in vasion, they were quito justified in taking those steps, which, in the opinion of the highest military authority, would secure the defence of tho port. He understood that Colonel Scratcluey had taken tho full responsibility of recommending the under taking of tno work, and its abandon ment. It was unfortunate that the work had to bo abandoned, but tlio Govemmeut wore justified in undertaking it, consider ing that Colonel Serutchley recommended it, and that there was a fear of invasiou at the time. The mutter was twice submitted to Colonel Serutchley before it was entered upon. He would also correct the idea tlmt the Government Imd entered on tlio laud whether tho owner was willing or unwilling. They had a written communication from him giving tho price at which he would ultimately alienate the land, and informing them that he was also willing to lease the land for a number of years. Air. John Scott said that Colonel Scratchlcy wns not responsible in any shape or form. Tho question wus not tho con struction oE tho battery, or the expenditure of the public money for tho defence of the colony, but whether the Government lmd first placed thomsclvcs in . a position to spend tho money without loss to tho country. So far as tho evidence before tho House went, the Government hud oxpended a largo sum of money ou works which wero now to be abandoned without any re sults. Had tho land been secured, they might have bccouio useful at somo other time. Tho Minister fob Lands (Mr. Gar- rick) said that somo honourublo members were not fair to tho Government in this matter. Honourable membere- would ro- member that upon lost year's Estimates a largo sum was placed to carry out a com plete system ot defences as recommended by Sir "William Jcrvois. The House, however, only voted an amount for a small part of Sir Willium Jcrvois' plan, and refused to enter ux>on the large scheme. After that Alio probabilities of war became more imminent, mid it became necessary for the Executive to consider whether it would not bo desirublo to deviso quickly somo moans of defenco against a sudden inva sion. Colonel Scratchlcy was referred to, and as the colony could not carry out Sir William Jcrvois' scheme, lie recommended a plan of defenco not so large, but suffi cient to guard against a surpriso by a foreign foe. . Tho Executive asked Colonol Scratchloy to reconsider his scheme. Ho affirmed it, recommending that a battery should bo put on Doughboy Creek, and the Government having accepted him as referee, were bound to follow his advice, and wero justified in doing so. Tho next poiut was, whothcr tho Government were guilty of unduo haste in fixing upon tho site for tho erection of tho battery. When a question was imminent,' they could not take the time to surround themselves with all the technicalities. Supposing tho owner had refused to give his land to enable Colonel Seratehley's recommenda tions to be carried out, ho (Mr. Garrick) maintained that if it was necessary for tho defence of tho colony to have tho land, tho _ Government would have becu justified in preparing to tako it. They did not act hurriedly, however ; they endeavoured to get the land in tho ordinary way, his hon ourable friend tbo Colonial Secretary com municating first with the owner; but if tho owner hail refused, tho Government would, under the circumstances, have been bound to go upon tho land. The work was for a temporary purpose, for the temporary de fence of tho city, and upon temporary works thcro was always somo loss. It was not looked upon as a permanent work. honourable friend the Colonial Secretary was quito justified in what ho did. Air. Stevenson said that no ono on his sido of tho House had blamed tlio Ministry for spending money on tho defence of tho colony, or Colonel Scratchloy for recom mending the erection of- the battery, but ho wus sure that the Colonel lmd never recom mended that the money should be spent on the land, without the Government making somo nrraugomcnt with tho owner before- ' hand. Tlio Minister for Lands tried to throw tho blunio upon Colonel Scratchloy ; but he could not see that the Colonel was to blame. If what tho Ministry said was true, tho sooner Colonol Scratchlcy was dismissed tlio better. According to thoui, ho recommended, after £1,000 had been spent and a contract for £2,000 taken, that the buttery should bo at Lytton in stead of Doughboy Creek. He felt per fectly satisfied that Colonel Scratchloy had never objected to Doughboy Creek. Tlio Houso was told that ho hau recommondcd the abandonment of tbe works, but he (Mr Stevenson) knew for a fact that a few days ago tho Ministry had tried very hard to buy tho land, and that tho men at tho works had hot the slightest knowledge that tboy wore to be stopped. As to the Pre mier's statement that tho men were engaged filling in the excavations, he could say that they were now digging aud muldng a nigger excavation, which would eventually havo to bo -filled in. Ho believed that it would tnko from £500 to£l, 000 to fill in tho excava tions and restore the ground to its original state. He knew also that the Government hud entered into an agreement with the tenant of tho land to reimburse him for any damage, that might he done to his buildings at any time. Ho wished to point out to tho House that he did not bring tho matter forward to blame Colonel Scratculcy, but simply to learn what amount had been spent, and why terms were not made with the owner before the land was taken. The merest baby in business transactions would not have entered upon a work of this sort without making an agreement with the owner of the land. If some member of the Ministry did uot supply him with Hie information he desired, lie should call for thetcorrespondcncc. He verily believed that before the matter was ended, the cost to the country would bo more than £1,000, and that all this expenditure had been incurred without the knowledge of the Minister for "Works. Before withdrawing his motion, lie should like to hear tho Minister for Works with respect to the question that ho had put. Mr. Groom said that before tho honour able member withdrew his motion, he would put a question to the Minister for Works, affecting the working of the Bail, wny department, which he had intended putting without notice. The National Society's Exhibition took place on August 20, and in nccordauce with the usual prac tice of tho Enilway department, bills had been placed about the railway stations, in forming the public- when the exhibitiou would tako place, and giving particulars as to the running of exclusion . trains. Advertisements had also been inserted in the newspapers, which did not, however, give the public full infor mation, but referred tlicm to the bills. Fourteen days before the Brisbane Show that of the Royal Society at Toowoomha would be held, and on the day after, the annual races would take place ; but up to this moment, not a single notilication had appeared in the public journals from the Bail way department with respect to the running of excursion trains on the 7th August and three following days. His reason for asking the causo of tuc delay was, that the chief exhibitors came from tho country districts, and that intending exhibitors would have to give the railway department a week's notice of tlieir. intention to send exhibits. Unless the advertisements wore issued at once to the weekly country papers, tho result would be, that intending exhibitors would receive only three . or four days' notice, and would not be ablo to give the Railway department sufficient notice. He did not blame the Minister for Works for tho delay, but thought it furnished another proof that the permanent head of the railway department was wanting in business capa city. , If it paid to run excursion trains, it woull surely pay to give the public full information in time. The Minister ron Works (Mr, Miles) was understood to say that he was obliged to the member for Toowoomba for bringing the matter under his notice ; but according to his own showing there was still ample time , to notify the public of the arrange- moots of, the Railway Department. He would take care that the matter was atten ded to. Question — That this House do now ad journ — put and negatived. FORMAL MOTION. The Minister fob Lands moved — That tho Return to Address laid upon the table of this House on the 4th instant, relative to timber seizures by Crown lands ranger of Maryborough, bo printed. Question put and passed. SUPPLY— CONTINGENT MOTION. The Colonial Treasurer moved that tlic House rcsolrc itself into a committee of Supply. Mr. McIlwraitii : Mr. Speaker— In rising to move the motion standing in my name — which is contingent on thut just made by the Colonial Treasurer — it will, no doubt, be expected that I should adduce vciy good reasons for bringing it forward ; ana I shall endeavour to do so. The motion is as follows :— That, in the opinion of this House, a Bill should bo introduced this session to autliorics the raising by loan a sum of three millions sterling, for tho completion of public works already authorised, and the further extension of reproductive works. In order to justify mj'self, n.privntc mem ber, in bringing forward a motion of this kind, I must first look back to tho history of our financial policy for the lust two or three years ; and 1 have no doubt my remarks, and the applications I shall make, will help to .throw considerable light on the matter, and will show conclusively thut I, or some other member of the House, should tako the stand that I have now taken. When the Railway Reserves Bill was introduced last year, there was one priuciplc in it which divided the other side of tho House from this side, and that was, that while the Government side of the House proposed and insisted that railways should be constructed out of the proceeds of lands sold, wc on the other hund, on this side, insisted that capital should be imported from the old country to carry out the whole of our public works. I might give dozens of quotations in support of my position from the different speeches made; but as most honourable members were members, of the House at the time, it will not be necessary to do so. I inav refer, however, to the announcement made by tlio Premier on- the second read ing of that Bill, and the tono of it runs through the wholo of his speech. He laid down the principle clearly, and distinctly, and pretty much in the words I have used, that the system of making rail ways under the Railway Reserves Bill was to appropriate and sell land for their con struction instead of contracting large obli gations in the form of a funded debt. That was the principle of the Bill, and the frcat triumph secured when it was passed, t must be apparent to every honourable member that a Bill of this land required only just suflicient capital to be imported from homo to start the work until cnpital could flow in from tho sale of tho Crown lands. In accordance with that idea, the Colonial Treasurer asked for a voto of £720,100 for tho different lines of rail way proposed to be constructed on that sj'stein. In his Financial Statement, the Colonial Treasurer made special reference to this vote and to the character of it, saying that a sufficient sum would be wanted for the construction of these lines of railway, so that the Govern ment would not bo obliged to hurry into tho loan market again. Ho provided simply for the introduction of tho sj'stem which the Bill was proposed to initiato. In reference to a loan,, including this £720,100 for railways, he uses these words : — " It will, therefore, obviously be our correct lino of policy to refrain from further operating in tho money market, after tho loan now indi cated has been placed, for a reasonable period. Our public credit stands well ; but the soundest credit must bo impaired by continuously solicit ing financial accommodation ; and men of cx- tensiro colonial experience, having full know ledge of our great natural resources and pro gressive tendencies, being also well acquainted with tho feelings of tho public creditor, aro beginning to intimato that some of the colonies are appealing too largely and too frequently to tho London market for funds, and thut, with a different aspect of monetary affairs to that which prevailed in England in tho earlier months of this year, when, through the stagna tion of American and Continental trade, money found small employment through dearth of 6afc iuvcitments for funds, which ordinarily circulated in trade channels, and an era of 1 per cent, prevailed — a marked cliango wight be apparent in the reception, by the British cre ditor of colonial debentures." What I wish particularly to refer to in this quotation is the first sentence, where the Colonial Treasurer says— " It will, therefore, obviously be our correct lino of policy to refrain from furtucr operating in the money market after tho loan now indicated lius been placed for u reasonable period." In other parts of his speech, the Colonial Treasurer warned the House agaiust the evil of borrowing too much money, and the leading idea of his remarks on this subject was, that after getting an aggregate loun, amounting to £1,322,000, he would not require to go into the loan market for a considerable time to come. When tho Government met the House this year, there was not in the Governor's Speech the slightest reference to a loan j or, rather, the reference there was appeared more- as an apology than anything else — an apology for not being in a position to ask for a loan for branch railways. The actual words of the Speech are as follows : — " My Ministers have never wavered in their opinion, which I have previously announced to you, that in addition to the main trunk lines already authorised, branch liucs should be made in tho more thickly-populatod agricul tural districts, and they hud hojied to bo ablo tills year to submit tho plans and sections of some of these lines; but having regard to tho unsettled state of Europe, and the uncertainties and risks which a European War would involve, they fear that they will not bo justified duriug tho present session in asking jour sanction to tho necessary loan for their construction. In tlic meantime, ull necessary surveys will bo pushed forward in order that no lime may be lost when opportunity offers for the prosecution of tlictc important works." The financial policy of the Government is, in my opinion, tlic most important portion of the policy of any colony, and this policy is generally shadowed fortli in the Governor's Speech, an indication being at the same time given as to tho measures the Govern ment intend to carry during tlic session. With the exception of the apologetieal remarks I have read, the Governor's Speech did not contain a single reference with regard to another loan. Then came tlic Financial Statement, delivered an unusually long time— some five or six weeks after the House met. In that statement there was not u single word in reference to a loan, nor was any reference made to the fact that tho circumstances of the colony required sueli a thing. It was my duty, as leader of the Opposition, to criticise thut statement, aud this was one of the parts of it which I showed, or tried to snow, that the Government had failed— that their railway policy having failed, it was tlieir duty to provide another. And I suggested a remedy, which was to ask for an additional loan. That was one of the most elaborate parts of my reply to the Colonial Treasurer, and, in response to my criticisms, the Treasurer gave us the first intimation of a loan. This, bo it re membered, was some six weeks after the House met. The Colonial Treasurer, in his reply on the debate, said:— There bos been an attack made, possibly with some show of reason, about tbe provision for expenditure on- loan. I Intro n\\\ '. along maintained thut to carry out tlio present worka we have ample' funds at our disposal. - I esti mate tlmt on Juno 30, 1378, wo skull have to tho credit of tho loan account, .including tho loan just floated, tho stun of £1,362,000." -I may rcmurk, parenthetically, that this is wrong, because the Colonial Treasurer assumes thut tho £1,322,000 would be iloatcd at par, which was not the case, there being, at -least, 0 per cent, to come off it. "Assuming thut tho expenditure will -pro ceed in tlio direction and to tho amount esti mated, there would be half a million left to tlio credit of tho uccouut at the ond of the year. If tho expenditure only proceeds at tho present rate, tlion tho credit will be nearly £700,000. Tlio expenditure for the ensuing year bus been estimated to the fullest extent, aud if it will be attained, it will exceed largely anything yet attained, and if it is not, then our position will be all the stronger. I therefore say, thut so far us our present necessities are concerned, tho thought of another loan is perfectly unneces sary, and I liaro ail along adopted this view, because wc had no cortaintj of our last loan being placed at a given timo. Even if it hud not been placed so quickly, I was perfectly satisfied that I could present such a satisfactory aspect of our condition thut wo should not bo embarrassed, knowing that tlio loan would bo ultimately iloatcd. Now, however, that tho loan has been satisfactorily placed, and that it is no longer an obstaclo in our way, 1 feel dis posed to say, especially as wo havo considered the propriety of going iu for a system of drainago, and liuvo also promised an expenditure for liarbour improve ments iu tho Fitzroy Rivor, aud for other works, tliat I think it will be tlio duty of tho Gov ernment to considor tho propriety of making provision for tho construction of such further works as may bo . recommended to tho House, nnd sanctioned by it, by way of loan. What the dimensions of tlio loan may bo I cannot say. I hopo thut it will bo small, but it will depend greatly upon tho nature of tho works tho Government may consider themselves justi-" ficd in presenting to tho House." The gist of my remarks, so far, is, ihat neither in the Governor's Speech nor in the Colonial Treasurer's Financial Statement, was there auy rcfcrcnco to a loan being taken ; and that, ouly in reply to my criti cism, showing that a loan was essentially ne cessary for tho conduct of tho business of tho country, the Colonial Treasurer admitted that on account of their proposed system of draining Brisbane and Fortitudo valley, and on account of money promised for the Fitzroy Bridgo and other works, ho would very likely corao down for a loan this year, and ho hoped it would bo a small one. If the Government had in tended to briug in a Loan Bill, they ought to havo given it n prominent place in tho business of the session. To come down to tlic House after it has been in session for ten weeks, and proposo a loan of one, or two, or tliroo millions of money, everyone will agree with me, would be to treat the House with tho greatest disrespect. Tho House could not bo too early informed of such important matters, iu order that they might receive that amount of attention which tlioy deserved. Ho contended, therefore that he, as a privato mem ber, was perfectly justified in asking tho House to do what the Government had positively declined and actually refused to do, despite the many opportunities they had had. In my criticism of tho Financial Statement, I produced calculations to show that the Government really had not funds enough in hand to carry out the works actually in progress, and to which the country was committed j but that subject being only part of a much larger question, I was unable to give it that attention whieli I am prepared to do in the present case. Tho more I have studied tins mutter, tho more satisfied I am that my calculations were quito correct. After showing what the Colonial Treasurer's calculations aro, I shall try to convince tho House that miuc aro based on firmer ground. The Colonial Treasurer calculated that ho would spend during the year commencing on the 1st Julj' £060,000. From my own calculations I came to the conclusion that tho amount would bo much nearer £1,500,000, taking into consideration not only tho works in progress, but those also which ought to be gouo on with at once. If I set my esti mate against that of the Colonial Trea surer, tho Houso may think it simply a matter of opinion which of us is right; but I think that if I show clearly tlio basis of my calculations, tlio House will, at all events, fully appreciate tliom. Tho details of the Colonial Treasurer's £360,000 consist of works of two classes- works actually in progress, some of which have been going on for a number of years, and works which are new, on which nothing had yet been spent. Of the works on which no expenditure has taken place, I will take tlio Colonial Treasurer's own estimates. He is better able to get access to informa tion than I am, and having control over the amount of money to bo expended on them, he is better able to form an estimate. But when it comes to a question of works iu progress, I consider that I am just as good a judge as the Colonial Treasurer, as, in deed, is every other member of the House, because wo have access to tho same means of information as the Colonial Treasurer himself. There is the Western Railway, for instance. Tho House and tho country, certainly, do not intend that less shall bo spent on that work this year than lastyeor. If anything, it should be increased. The progress hitherto made has not boon such us to satisfy tho country— an average of thirty miles por annum smce tho work was commenced. Tho Northern Railway has been in progress for sevon years, and for the last five years the progress has been at the rate of seventeen miles per annum. That is not suflicient to satisfy the country. This largo average of soventeon miles per annum has only been attained bocause fifty or sixty miles of it was ovor perfectly level eountry, otherwise tho average would havo been much worso. \- There was no reason in tho world why less progress should be made on thoso two trunk lines this year than last.' I' could give many other arguments, but tlicsc ought to be quite satisfactory to the Houso, for the fact of such small progress being made on our two trunk liucs, is neither satisfactory to the House, nor creditable to tho country. Therefore, I may say, that on ail tho works actually in progress, we should spond not less than we did last year — and that was certainly little, enough. We spent lastyeor £91,238 on immigration, and we ore. not likely to spend much less on it this year. Indeed, tlio arrangements of the Government do not rest on sucli an assumption, and if there is to bo any cliango it will be by way . of increase. To harbours and rivers tho same remark will apply. On water-supply wc are not going to spend less than we aid last joar; nor on electric telegraphs, roads, bridges and public buildings. And I assume that wc aro not going to spend less than wo did last year on tho lines already commenced. There arc other items wliicn I am unable to estimate, and respecting which I tako the Colonial Treasurer's esti mates. These aro tho Warwick and Stanthorpo railway, on which ho 'esti mates ho will spend- £136,000; tho Maryborough and Gympio Railway, £160,090 ; the Buudaborg and Mount Perry Railway, £51,000 ; tho Comet to Emerald Downs Railway, £86,000; and the Townsvillo and Charters Towers Railway, £61,000. On those items I take . tho Colonial Treasurer's own estimates, I take lost year's expenditure as my esti mate of this, and what do I make it ? For the purposo of getting them into Hansard, and in order that tuey may bo useful to honourable members, I will read the figures % Expended last year from loan ... £479,827 Warwick to St&ntliorpo;, as esti mated by the Government ... 136,000 Maryborough to Gyiupio, ditto ... 160,000 Bundabcrg to Mouut Ferry, ditto 61,000 TowusviUo to Ohartors Towers, ditto 6l,0b0 Immigration (last year) 91,238 Harbours and Rivers (ditto) ... 87,238 Water-supply ... 61,292 Roads, Bridges, and Publio Build ings ... 131,920 Electric Telegraphs ... 33,539 Dofenccs of the colony, as estimated by Treasurer ... ... ... 1,200 Making a total of ... ... ...£1,294674 Now, I think the Houso wUl agroo that, this is a modest estimate, and that the ex penditure ou works will not be loss ,than it has been. I havo a good many reasons that I could advance to show why it should bo more, and I have missed one in looking over tho figures, which will toll well. : Tho Treusurcr cannot possibly look with much satisfaction to his prospect of seeing tho Consolidated Revenue accumulate' oven to tho extent that ho has asked this Houso to sanction expenditure. I am perfectly satis fied that the revenue will run shorthand what is tho result of the rovonuo running short? Pressure on loan votes, bcoauso some works must be carried on. It has been the practice here, and it will bo a practico forced on by necessity, to. press works on to tho loan votes instead of the rovonuo votes, because cortain works must bo kept on; and tho Government wUl find that their only rcsourco will be the loan votes. All theso things go to swell tho amount of £1,294,674; aud I say; my answer to the Treasurer that tho amount would bo probably £1,500,000, was perfectly justified. Thobalancoof the loan, aocording ' to liis own statement amounts to £1,239,665, so that if ho had actually gouo on ' with tho works in progress at tho samo rato as was done last year, and with tho now works at the rato ho puts down himself, ' ho would havo spent ©very sixpence of tho whole of the loans, and :in addition ho would havo been £70,000 in debt. That would be Ins position on the 30th of Juno next. No doubt they might get something from land sales, but I think the less said about that the better. I argued that before, when it was a prospective matter, and contended that the Government could not recoup tho revenue to any large extent from laud sales. I tliink tho House soes that now, and I am not going to insist upon the samo argument ugain. I say wo can depond absolutely nothing onluud sales, aud I should not be astouished if tkoy amounted to little more than tho defi ciency that pull actually arise in, tho way I have explained. I do not mean to impute to the Govornmcut any intention of stop ping tho publio works of the colony; I think myself it has, been simply miscal culations that has led them into this diffi- cultv. They must as business men bo perfectly well aware of the disasters that would follow a stoppago of our principal' railway works now in progress.' Every man acquainted with pulilio works, knows per fectly well, that onco works wero com menced, expenditure must go on. If the workmen are allowed to go, oxpenso must still be incurred for keeping a stait togethor. All the clerks, engineers, carpenters, dri- vors, nnd wagon-repairers, who constitute the stuff, have to be kept on, whether tlm railway is innde quickly or not. All these things have to he paid for, and if the staff becomes dispersed, it is worse still, because the expense of forming a new staff is very considerable. That is the danger that the Government is closer upon than they think. On tho Northern line, it will most undoubtedly occur within tlireo_ months, and on tho "Western line,1 it will happen within twelvemonths, if stops nro not taken to get more monoy from _ England for tho purpose of carrying on our railway works. I say it is not creditable to tho colony to limit our engineers in their operations, by the narrow views of finance the Government seem to entertain. For instance, is itcreditnblctolho colony that such a staff of engineers should be kept on tho Northern Itnilwny, making a railway over country about thirty miles of which is perfectly level. I am qui to sure I could get an intelligent carpenter (who, as a class, are engineers enough for a short-level line) to do tlio work as well as those engineers ; but they are kept there, and will be kept there until somo further progress is forced upon tho country. I have given, I think, very good reasons why I differ from the Minis terial policy — bccauso they do not intend to make that progress in public works that, in ray opinion, the country demands. I have given them plenty of time to consider their measures. In fact, I have gone so far, that it ultimately became a question whether I should actually get a Houso together to consider such an important matter as this— whether, in fact, I had not Waited too long. I have given the Gov ernment every opportunity of taking this matter into their own hands, as they ought to have done, with any frosh information they might have obtained sinco the meet ing of 'the House. Now, sir, the ucxt matter is to justify tho amount of money I have askod for. I believe myself in the doctrine enforced on this Houso by tho present Treasurer last year — that wo should not be constantly going year after year to tho English monoy market nnd asking for fresh loans. Now, the present Treasurer —and ho has not boon very long Trea surer — has got Loan Bills passed amount ing, to £2,100,000; and the party, since they have been in power, have borrowed £3,750,000 at various times ; and I would hero- point out that money may be borrowed in a way that is not satisfactory to tho country. Wo know perfectly well that a Loan Bill cannot bo passeu through the Houso without certain items in it of a log-rolling character. When d Loan Bill has been brought forward the principal object of it has been appnrcut enough — that is, to get money for specific public works — but there has always been some items put in it for the purpose of getting the Bill passed. In my opinion, tho Gov ernment ought to borrow a certain amount to cover a certain number of years, to reduce the log-rolling items to as small a number as possible. The sum I pro pose to raise by loan will ho sulficicnt tor about three years, and I pro- ?oso to expend it in the following way : — mmigration, £200,000 harbours and 'rivers, £200,000; loans to municipalities for roads, water-supply, drainage, &e.;, £300,000; defence of tho colony, £30,000; branch railways, £350,000 ; completion and extension of main lines, £1,1)20,000. As to the item for immigratiou, I consider that that amount will he necessary, because it provides for tho continuance of this service for tho next threo years on a somewhat ampler scale than at present, but not more than we have a right to expect will ho the wants of the colony. For harbours and rivers, I provide £200,000, and I havo put that amount down with tho full knowlcdgo iof the present wants of tho principal rharbours of .tho colony, and also liav- , ing reference to the amount that is actually in hand for that purpose now. \- 1 - differ ' entirely from tho action of tlio . Government in tho works connected with harbours and rivers. I believe they are throwing away money on those works, at tho present time. Wo havo spent year by year thousands of pounds on the ' Brisbane river, and as a matter of fact, the Brisbane river, so far as the shipping is conceited, is now no better than it was . five or six years ugo ; that is to say, that vessels of largo sizo can no more now come to the wharf thou they could then. Iu fact, if anything, it is going back. I know my self that within the last two or three months past, a vessel under 700 tons, drawing 15 feet 3 inches of water, could only bo got to the wharf with great diffi- culty, after scraping bottom several times. That is not a creditable state of affairs. We have a full statement — nnd although the engineer docs uot give the expendi ture necessary to put the river in the position time it would have a channel 250 feet wide, with 15 feet of wutcr at low neap tides — which I am sorry for— ho . lias given a very clear account, from which pro can gather what will be the cost ; and I jbejjevp it will be about £130,000; and it Will post a)l the less the sooner the work is muieQQed( Til? House has ugreed that the work is to ho done ; there is no doubt it is required; and the engineer's instructions are to make it extend over ten years. But I think myself— bocause dredges will always bo useful in tho colony— that the work should be prosecuted with vigour, and finished within, Ray, three years. In regard to this matter, I refer honourable members to Mr. Nisbct's report, and to other valuable reports by hint on the harbours and rivers of the colony. I have put down £300,000 for loans to municipalities, for water- supply and drainage. This item is ren dered absolutely necessary by the passing of the Local Government Bill. Indeed, it is to meet tlio wants of that Bill that the item is put down. There is no doubt that Rome further legislation will bo necessary in regard to this matter, and it ought to take place before tho loans are distributed, before the Government got into so many difficulties, that they have not encountered yot, but which they must encounter boforc long. I allude to tho fact that municipalities to which Govern ment have lent monoy for water-supply, have refused to tako charge of the water works, so that the whole matter was left in a state of chaos at the present I time. Legislation will requiro to take place beforo mora money is lent in that way for cither water-supply or drninngo purposes. Tho defences or tho colony is a matter which oxplains itself. Although I was ono of tho strongest opponents of tho Volunteer Bill passed through tlio House this session, I had not the slightest doubt that some money must ho expended on the defences of the colony, and I consider myself it will bo much better spent on plant — that is, on rifles, field-pieces, and other material— than it would be on the Volunteers, as provided by the Bill. In order, therefore, to provido for guus and rifles, I have put down the sum of £30,000. I now come to tho item of £350,000 for branch railways. This is a matter which is bccomiug of greater importance everyday. It cannot, of course, demand the attention of honourable' members to the same extent as tho extension of main lines of railway ; but, still, it is evident to us all that it is a matter that must be taken up, and this is tho first way in which it can bo taken up. I am not going to specify these branch lines of railway; I have had a caution of being too expressive in that way ; in fact, I have given tho Government a great deal too much information ; nnd I lmvo not tho slightest intention of giving them informa tion which I am sure they will use bndly, and, in using it badly, it must be bad for tho whole colony ; — nor am I going to lay myself open to the imputation of pan dering to any constituency for tlio purpose of getting votes. But I say generally there is not the slightest doubt thnt the agricul tural interests of this colony demand some attention ; nnd I am satisfied, also, as an engineer, that cheap railways can bo made, and should bo made, to supply the place of country roads, to a very consider able extent, in this colony. I have always beep glnd to give my support to that policy. There are many places in tho colony where these cheap rail ways could be made, at no greater ex pense than our common rouds. Our engineers havo only considered ono side of tlio question, and I will refer to a few fucts to show how tho great point of the problem has been missed. There Is not a single bit of railway in this colony upon which you could uot ruu the same engines as are now used on the first lino con structed. I cannot sny anything as to tlio Bundaberg nud Mount Perry lino; but the Maryborough aud Gympie line is tho suine description of railway as we are now using in other parts of the colony. There may have been somo slight alterations or im provements in tho plans to adapt it to the experience we have gained of liito years ; but, to all intents and purposes, that line is tho same as wo have running over the main raugc — tho first line in this colony. But if the engineers of the colony have studied tho great problem, they know, or, at any rate, ought to know, that branch railways do not want speed. They ore simply required to get heavy goods to their destination in a certain time, and that not a quick time. Four to eight miles an hour will do very well for a brunch rnilwuy, and if they took that into consideration, I have notthe slightest doubtit would diminish the cost of such railways by at least one-lmlf. The next point is the £1,1)20,000 for the completion and extension of our main trunk railways. I will not take up the time of the Houso at any length on this point, because I don't think it requires to bo forced on tho House. I ' look upon tho extensiou of main trunk lines from the const into tho interior as a great problem to be solved by us Queenslanders ; nud when wc htivo done that, and see our liues extended 300 or -100 miles into the interior, we will see prosperous times coming ou. If I were to usk honourable members what has made the city of Brisbano what it is, I lmvo no doubt some would say it has been the energy and perseverance of the citizens of Brisbane. They no doubt have done a good dchl towards that. Others- my friend tho honourable member for Kennedy, for instance— might say the North has had a good deal to do with it by tho gold it has produced; but every man who has watched the progress of the colony would agree with me at once tlmt its positiou is due as much as anything else to that little patch of country called the Darling Downs. It is that country that has made this seaport town what it is; but the Darling Downs is a very small patch of country compared to the land we have, and when you have passed over the Darling Downs some 300 or 400 miles, you get in a tract of country of extent and quality un surpassed by any country in the world. When we consider what ought to he the future position of this colony, wo will say at onco— that is the thing to make Queens land great. We must utilise that country, which is unused at the present lime, und you will have connected with the sea board a much greater extent of rich and valuable country, which will do more for tho colony than tlio downs over the range have ever dono for tho Southern coast towns. It is an argument I have used before in -connection with the extension of rail ways that to get them doue well and cheaply they must he made quickly. No lime must be lost over them. They are all easily constructed, bccauso all the greatest difficulties havo been got over, and the ex penditure wijl be far less than anything wc nave'known in the colony hitherto. I say, seeing that wo havo got such a rich terri- tory m the interior, it is perfectly suicidal lo sit quietly hero while wo can possibly raise funds for the purpose of making rail ways to reach tlmt territory. But I have a stronger argument why wo should at once prosecute our main laws of railway, and it is this : No Treasurer will be found very willing to proposo to tnx the pcoplo of tho colony to a greater extent than tlicy are taxed at the present time. The present Colonial Treasurer suggested it last year, but ho was more prudent than to mention it this year, although there was much more occasion to refer to it, because we are much nearer the time when additional taxation will bo required than wc wero last your. But lie knows as well as I do that the pcoplo of this colony do not intend to be further taxed; and I should like to know in what other way we can possibly look for larger revenuo without further taxation? In what way can it ho done except through tho- lands of the colony? Our public policy should bo to foster and chcrisu that source of income by expending two or threo millions of money, so as to make a sourco of reronuo to tho colony, that which is now bringing in far too little. That is the argument I wish to enforce ou the Government. It is an actual necessity that we fdiould get what will prove to be ono of oar best sources of revenue. I have referred to different statements re lating to this ; I have explained what ought to bo donowith tho three millions of money which I proposo to borrow at the present time, and the next point to which I am to refer is this — how should it be borrowed ? I do not myself sec uny diffi culty about it. Considerable stress has been laid upon tbo matter, nnd there has been pointed out the evil that will arise from the colony having to borrow money and allowing it to Ho in the hanks of tho colony, or the banks at home. It has been said that we shall not bo able to get tho monoy when wo want it, and that the withdrawal of the money after it luis been lying in the hanks a certain time will do nioro harm to tlio colony than any good its prcscnco in the colony will do. But those are arguments raised only to be knocked down ogoin. There is no reason why wo should borrow the money all at once, and, as I havo often told the House, perhaps more than the Colonial Treasurer himself, that no dodbt much harm docs accrue from large de posits of this kind being made in the bunks. Ono word as to tho advisability, or, rather, the right, of this House to deal with a matter of this kind in what is called its present moribund condition. No doubt this Houso expires very shortly by ofiitixion of tunc, and I hold myself that all legisla tion upon important measures should be withhold until we havo an appeal to the constituencies. If this had been a matter which could have been withheld until then, I had much ruthor it should have been. I myself should not have brought forward this motion ; I should Iuivc taxed the Gov ernment with having failed in their policy ; but certainly I should have considered I was going too fur if I asked them to con sent to a mattor so important without an appeal to the constituencies. But I have fully considered the matter, and havo come to tlio conclusion that it is far too pressing to be delayed. This Houso is bound to take action at tho present time, because, if wo allow the Parliament to expire by cfiluxion of time, it is in tho power of the Government not to call us together till June next, when all tho hurm will have taken pltico. I have, therefore, Mr. Speaker, no other course than that which I now adopt, namely, to move, — Tlmt, in tho opinion of this House, a Bill should bo introduced this session to authorise tho raising by loun a sum of threo millions sterling, for the completion of puhfio works already authorised, and tho further extension of rcproductlro works. » The Pbehieu: I have listened with a good deal of interest to the remarks wmle by the honourable member for Muranoa iu bringing forward this most important motion — probably the most important that has been made during the session; indeed, I could scarcely imagine that any more important motion could be made ou any occasion. In his opening remarks, tho honourable gentleman referred to .his bringing forward tho motion as a private member of the House. In saying that, I think ho docs himself bare justice, lie comes forward on this occasion, not only as a private member —that is perfectly right — but also as the recognised, and, for myself, Tean siy, the honoured I. a !_-r of a party. From that point of view, ivlm-li adds to the importance attaching to it from tho personal point of view, I am willing to give the motiou the weight which attache to both. The honourable member gave us a rcsuviS of the financial position of tho past ; and, though not altogether agree ing with him in the views he takes, I am quite prepared to follow him in that position. The honourable member did mo the honour to quote some of my remarks made oil the passing of the Railway Re serves Bill, and indicated that the policy of the Government had always been to derive money required to make railways from the proceeds of land sales. I do not think he misrepresented roe in saying so; but I think he fails completely to represent what has been the policy of the Government, when he leads the House to infer that they have depended solely upon the proceeds of the sale of land for the construction of rail ways. "We have never done so. Our legislation bears upon the very face of it, and the present position proves, tlmt wo have neither done so, nor intend to do so. I had the honour, to follow Mr. Speaker, in 3'our steps in connection with this policy as one partially founded on the American system of railways, aud I testified to the advantages of that system some years ago, after having visited that great contiucnt. I saw what great things had been done there and whut great things might be dono hero ; und I endeavoured to interest the commis sion then sitting, to adopt in some form that principle ot legislation and construc tion which Imd been applied with so much success on the great American Continent. Not very long after, proposals were made for the construction of lines, somewhat on that principle of tho allocation of lands for tlm purpose of constructing railways, for which it was not likely the general public would pledge the public credit to any great extent. The honourable inombcr for Mar- anoa was himself connected with soma scheme of the kind; and I only regret tliat lie did not succeed in giving effect to it. I believe that great undertakings might bo carried out, not only by the means wo have adopted, but also through tho agoncy of private enterprise; and I entertain the very samo opinion as the honour able gentleman as to tho large amount of good wliieh would result from the application of that principle through out tho Australian colonies. By its means, such an impetus might bo given within the next twenty years, to railway construction throughout the length and breadth of Australia, as is not likely to bo realised so long as tho whole construction depends upon the energies of the Govern ment. I suspect that tlic honourable gen tleman opposite somowhat agrees with uie in this respect ; but whether or not, I am quite willing to admit that he is perhaps quite as earnest as myBclf, and possibly more capable of carrying out a railway policy. But on tho present occasion, £ ' think ho is somowhat mistaken in the mode he proposes to give effect to it. Now, let me take a review of tho position of affairs a few months ago, and our present position, as far as our policy is affected liy tho external circumstances of the great world. At the commencement of this session, a great European war seemed to be imminent; wo had not then raised money for the loan authorised during the preceding session ; men's minds were anxiously looking forward to the future, and it was impossible to say what that future might contain within it. Such a time was scarcely a proper time, iu my opinion — and the people of this country did not then expect the Gov ernment — to propound any very exten sive railway schcmo. Wo had not yet completed our present undertakings, and considering our thon comparatively feeble resources, it did not appear justifiable to enter upon a very extensive railway ven ture. Circumstances aro different now. Peace seems to be secured, wo may hope for many years ; the position of our securi ties on the London market wero never higher tlum they stand at present— in fact, they have rcachod, I behoved, to 1J5J : and I am quite free to admit, speaking from the present circumstances, that there never was a hotter time for obtaining money than the present. At tho time my honourable friend the Colonial Treasurer made bis Financial Statement, wo could not say so mtieh. Wo did not then know that our debentures wero sold, our loon floated, nor that peace would bo scoured. Within the lust few months— I was going to say tlio lust few weeks, or even days— wo have been assured that our position iu very different from what it was a few months ago. I say wc may fairly look forward now, at tho close of a Parliament which lias lasted its full term, aud con sidering our surrounding circumstances— wo may look forward, with souie reasonable prospect of success, to carrying out public works to au an extent commensurate with the public requirements. Now is the time fairly to contemplate the prospects of the future ; aud I would add that these mattery Bare been deeply and fully considered Jjy the Government during the whole period since my honourable friend the Colonial Treasurer made bis Inst statement. We bare seen that now is the opportunity » and that wc ought to hare definite aims. Those aims we hare attempted to mnture, and I hope ere long to be able to disclose them in their maturity. My honourable friend opposite has treated us to-night to a disquisition on, and an explanation of, what his scheme for the future would be. I am exceedingly obliged to him and qnitc willing to admit that he has given information upon occasions which has been very useful. II© has a strong intellect, and anything ho says con nected with financial matters is worthy of consideration. I am quite willing, upon some matters, at all cunts, to learn from the honourable member ; and I ant happy to learn to-night that his scheme, so far as the amonnts he mentions, really does not materially differ from that which the Gov ernment have lately been seriously consi dering. The honourable gentleman refer red to items, and I am quite willing lo refer to items if he pleases. I believe that our deliberations upon these points have cer tainly preceded his. He lias blamed him self because ho had not brought forward this motion before. It certainly is a very important motion not to have been brought forward before, after the golden opportuni ties which have waited upon the Honour able gentleman upon several occasions. Why nave we not heard of this scheme be fore, if it 'has been so long brooding in the honourable gentleman's mind ? Why was it not brought forward when the .Financial Statement was introduced? In very truth, tho motion is most important, for it unquestionably involves the whole position of Government. If the honourable member objects so strongly as be has done to the financial position of the Government, why did he not, nt the time the Financial Statement was introduced, bring forward a motion to the effect that the financial position of the Government was unsatisfactory as regards the past — unsatisfactory as regards the present—- and unsatisfactory as regards the future. He wonhl then have had an opportunity of substituting his counsels for ours, and maintaining his belief from the proper, anil the only place, from which he can ado quately maintain it — from the Treasury Benches. I am glad to hear the honour able gentleman cheers my remarks. It is, of course, a totally unprecedented and un heard-of proccdtuc, and I doubt the wis dom of tlic lender of the Opposition pro pounding a policy for Government. Let him take the offensive as regards opposition to the Government if he likes; but as re gards the future conduct of the Ministry, I wonld advise him to be rather reticent in taking up the position he has, until he is in a position to carry out what he pro fesses. With regard to the scheme which has been proposed, the first of the various items is — Immigration. Possibly our an ticipations for the future may somewhat exceed, nay, hare exceeded, his. In all the items referred to by the honourable gentle man, the calculations we have made, as a policy applicable to tho future Parliament, Lave exceeded those quoted by the honour able gentleman. He has referred to har bours and rivers, and taken exception to tbc administration upon those grounds. Those objections can be answered by my honourable friend the Treasurer. With the exception of tho failure of the " G roper," I do not think there is anything can he complained of in tho past. All money that has been voted has boon judiciously ex panded, and tho expenditure carefully supervised ; and in tlic futuro all money voted will be expended in a satisfactory manner. With regard to municipalities, drainage, and water-supply, tho hon ourable gentleman has formed a very considerable estimate of what is re quired for the years to come. In that respect he is also somewhat under the estimates we have formed of what wo consider to be required. For it must he remembered that tliero is every probability that the Local Government Bill, wlueh lias Jiassed through this House will become aw and operate before long, and it is very certain that if the system is to he given effect to, we must have a considerable sum to lend to Jocal municipalities. I believe that for the sanitary purposes of drainage and water-supply the amount named by the honourable gentleman w&uld; be quite insufficient, and thnt our estimates arc borne ont by calculations already made. With regard to branch lines, I am glad the honourable gentleman has found a place of repentance. When the Government brought forward a modest proposal to vote £300,u00 for this purpose, tlic Honourable gentleman scouted the very idea of such a thing. The honourable member who now sits behind that honourable gentleman was terrorized at tho very idea of intro ducing additional railways, and ho dilated with vehemence on the monstrosity of having any such branch lines. 1 do not think the honourable member for Marnnoa objected in the same strain, though he voted against them, and to that extent prevented us from entering upon those very necessary works. He now comes forward and asks for it larger amount than that previously rejected through his own Instrumentality. We have determined that the formation of branch lines shall be part and parcel— and a most important cardinal part of our futuro financial policy. It is as cssLMitinlly necessary that the settled dis tricts where the people have endeavoured to make their homos, that is, the coastaud older settled districts, should be provided with means of necess to markets and the centres of population. It was of quite as much importance thnt those lines should be advanced through the instrumentality of the public as that the lines into tho interior should bo extended. The Govern ment have therefore made up their minds — not in the indefinite way described by tho honourable gentleman — but have deter mined definitely to commit themselves by their policy, and by my statement now, to the formation of branch lines within the settled districts; and with regard to those branch lines, I shall simply refer to thein now as these. "Wc propose a branch line from the Logon, extending to the Tweed. A branch line from Ipswich to Fnssifcni shall bo another part of that policy. A branch line from Toowoomba to Highliclds shall also be a part ; and wc propose also a branch line to the Pino district of Caboolturc. "With regard to tho cheap lines, so much has been talked and written that I just wish to say a few words. Tho distance which we estimate it will take to construct these branch lines will not fall far short of 150 miles ; and it is desirable that wo should give a definiteness to those lines, that the more economically they can be carried out the better. I hold that we arc bound to distinguish them from the present mode of construction in a marked manner. I will not say that wc have made up our minds to depart from the gauge now established in this colony, as that would be a serious thing to do ; but we have made up our minds that a departure from the present construction may be made, that a different class of rolling-stock may be adopted, mid that wc must dispense with much of what is unnecessary in such railways. Much has been written on the subject well worthy our consideration with in the period of the last few years, by men whoso opinions deservo our serious con sideration. I might quote, possibly, from tlic writings of Mr. Mnckay, which are well worthy of reference here, as he is an earnest, although not a professional man, who 1ms seen tho defects of our present defective system, and has realised those defects thoroughly. He has attained to the know ledge he possesses by his own determined and persistent Scotch character, and that is the way thatmostof us acquire thebest things that we have. However, I will not quote from Mr. Mnckay, as he is not yet n pro fessional engineer, and we arc boundin these matters to get the opinions of professional men, as yet, at any rate, and 1 should be sorry to dispense with those we hare. We have a man of equally persistent character and of far more experience, and of proved skill, in Mr. Ballard, the engineer of the .Northern Railway, and I will, with the permission of the House, quote from a paper in my hand to show wliut that gentle man thinks can he done with regard to cheap railways. The report is dated 2uth January, 1870. I will not weary honour able members by reading it nt length, but I will commend it to their attention, as in it the possibility of attaining a system of cheap railways is handled in a most mas terly way. Mr. Ballard points out what ho conceives to be the fundamental prin ciple of all chenp lines, and refers to a paper written by Mr. Fairlie on the sub ject. He says — I will make one more quotation from Mr. Fairlie's paper : — " It ought to be engraved on tho minds of crery engineer that crcry inch added to the width of a gauge beyond what is absolutely necessary for the traffic adds to tho cost of construction, increases the proportion of dead weight, increases the cost of working, and in consequence innreuses the tariff to tho public, und by so much reduces tlic useful effect of the railway." Further on he says, speaking in support of tho narrow gaugo MVhero cheap roads are practicable, the use of the narrow gauge may reduce tho cost about one-half without reducing necessary efficiency. Tho cost of hauling a ton of goods over a narrow gauge road may bo safely reckoned us less tlion one-half the cost of hauling the same goods over a road of common gauge." I have marked other passages, hut I will refrain from quoting them, as I am quite sure that honourable members can them selves refer to them with more profit than they could gain by hearing mo read tJiciu. I have mentioned them to show that wc can give definiteness to a system of cheaj>er lines by adopting lighter rolling-stock and lines which altogether would not cost more tlinn from £3, (XX) to £i,(XX) a-raile. I be lieve suck lines may be nindo to work efficiently, and to do all the work required of tbcm for many years to come. I should like to add, in connection with this matter, that thero are certain lines, t such as mineral lines, which arc simply for the accommodation of mineral trnllic, and which must be treated on a diffe rent principle altogether. We hope to find the means of giving encouragement to the construction of lines likely to be of general public accommodation on a principle such as I have mentioned ; but although it would be desirable to encourage the industries of the couutry, 1 do not think we could undertake to make mineral lines simply for the advantage of a few mine-owners. I will now go on to explain what our views are with regard to the con struction of lines in tho interior. The honourable gentleman has attributed the growth of this city aud of tlic towns in the North to the production of industry iu the interior. That, no doubt, is very true; but I do not know that I cau boar the honour able gentleman out to tho extent ho may expect mc to do — when ho said that this town is chiefly indobtcd to the Darling Downs for its present prosperity. This town is not only the capital of the colony, but it is the centre of a prosperous and large farming community, and it is in the lives and progress of these people that wo are as much interested as in the develop ment of the vast interior. We are quito willing to admit the importance of the North, and I inay say that wo propose in our future railway policy to proceed with three main trunk lines into the interior. I mention this, as it is evident that tliero uro two branch lines that must penetrate the interior, and there is a third also— namely, from Charters Towers — which must in time be extended. Wo believe that these lines should be vigorously pushed into the interior, as they would open up couutry which is ut present perfectly secluded aud unpeopled, but which when made accessible bv railways will become more settled. Wo do not- propose that this should be done at the cost of thepublic, und that such lines should be a permanent churgo against the public debt, but wo propose that thoy should be made either by a perpetuation of the railway reserves principle or by some territorial mode which may be decided upon. Wo are, therefore, perfectly pre pared with some defiuite soheme which we intend to bring forward to give effect to the K>licy of pressing these lines into the interior. I wish it, however, to be perfectly understood that in making this statcnieut,! in no way commit the Government, aH the question of taxation must be considered in connection with making these lines. Wo must consider tho paying for these liucs either by taxation or some other form, which will specially press upon those per sons for whose bcncht the lines are made. , Our aim would be, that those lines should extend beyond Koma, in the direction that was spoken of in connection with the Car pentaria scheme — namely, in tho direction of Landsdowne ; that tho line nt Rouk- hainpton should bo extended westward, and that tho line from Charters Towers should also penetrate in a westerly direc tion. There were also other liues in addi tion to thoc, to which I must mako somo reference. Whilst committing ourselves to cxtensionHinawcsterlydirecLion,itisourin- teutionto carry a line from Emerald Downs by a route to be decided by our professional advisors, to Clermont. Wo are led to do this, not only froui the necessities of the country, but because we believe thnt it was originally understood that the base line would lead to Clermont, and to Cler mont we should go. I may add that there are other lines to bo constructed on the same principle as those now in existence, which are necessary, and shall propose in our larger scheme to ask the House to assent to their construction. I refer to a line from Oxley to SouLh Brisbane, wlueh was part of tho original system — as we believe that for commercial purposes, and for a suburban traffic, that line is necessary. Then, again, a lino ©xtcudiug from tho northern to tho southern boundaries of tho city through Victoria Park, will bo neccs- sary. Mr. Ivonr: Hoar, hear. The PjiKuimt: I do not know whether tlic honourablo member expresses approval by his cheers; but, if so, I aui glad of it. I am not going beyond what I have stated, and what hus been deliberately agreed to by tho Government. We believe that nil these are railways thnt must be con structed. I shall leave to my honourable colleague, tho Treasurer, further remarks in coiiucclion with the financial part of the question, which I am not prepared to make, but which no doubt he is; and when tbc proper timo comes for askiug for a loan, I have no doubt my honourablo friend will be able to furnish good and sufficient grounds for doing so. I wish to remind the honourable gentleman oppo site that this loan is not. a new thing, as my honourable collenguo, at the close of tho finuncial debate, re ferred to tho possibility of bis asking for a small loan, and he still considers it will bo necessary, and I may say that much of what has been stated by the honourable gentleman opposite, justifies that adhosion. We do not proposo to do more than wo believe tho circumstances of the enso de mand ; but whatever they do demand, thut wc shall ask the House to authorise. That loan w ill include the carrying on of the public works chiclly in hand, and other specific works that will bo explained by the Treasurer, but it will certainly not exceed the amount that the honourable gentleman says it will be prudent to raise nt the present time. I understood the honour- gentleman to say, in reference to this loan that he proposes should he raised, that it would not bo advisable to raise more than a million nt oncc. On that point wo are agreed, for that is our opinion, and is wlint was said by my honourable colleague at the close of tho financial debate. I baro described what I think is necessary, and I must now take leave to say that I entirely disagree both with the inanueruiid time that the honourable member has cliqscn for proposing . this largo schcmo ho has unfolded to-night, lie hns told us that necessarily this loan would oxtend over several years. Ho has nlso told tho House that the loans authorised by the party in power hare exceeded Jlj- mil lions during tho time tho presont Parlia ment 1ms existed, and that now wo should bo justified in raising a loan of a somewhat equal amount. But I differ from the honourablo gentleman. I say that both the policy he proposes and that I proposo is u most important one, and one which may be fraught with good or evil to this colony ; and I say that this schomo which lie has projioundcd, cannot with fairness to the constituencies, he put before this IIouso in tho maimer he pro poses, namely, that wo should be called upon now to bind ourselves to such an im portant proposition, us that of binding ourselves to our financial operations for tho next few years. In that, I differ from the honourablo gcntlcinau. Tho honour ablo gentleman comes forward and sbows us our mistakes, and tells us how we can redeem them ; but I differ from him, and I think I shall be able to show him that it is cutirely coutrury to constitutional law and practice, which I hope wo sliull always respect. Wlint is the condition of tho present House but this, that having nearly passed through its allotted time, that having almost cotno to an end, that within the last few months of its closing career— iu the face of a complete change in tho constituencies, in the faco of a larger enrolment than now exists, in tlio face of a new law, we are now asked to bind tho pcoplo of this colony by larger liabilities without ut first consultiug them. I say that wo have no right to do that. I contend thut wo have no moral right to bind tho people iu futuro in tho wuhnor proposed. It becomes a moro serious con stitutional question, whether tho House' will seriously considor tho scheme of the honourablo member, or those that arc pro posed by the Government. Tlio Govern ment had no intention whatever of making tlic declaration I have mudo; they did not thiuk it was necessary ; but they hare been forced iuto it by the rash, aud I may add, the impolitic action of tho honour able member. That is our position, and I hope that we shall bo ublo to justify it, both to the House and country. I have stated that, in my opiuiou, the cir cumstances of the case— tlio existing con dition of Parliament — will not justify tho adoption of such a proposal as that made by tho honourable member for Maranoa. I stated that I bcliovod I could justify this by reference to precedent; and! was lately reminded of tlio udvantago of pre cedents— which you have, sir, constantly to udvert to — by an inscription which I find in ono of tlio Standing Orders upon tho table of the House. Quoting from a speech of Mr. Disraeli's, it says " Precedents generally, ami I will say Parlia mentary precedents always, embalm principles ; and I am myself convinced that if wo removo far from tho lino which Parliamentary prece dents indicate to us for our guidance and the conduct of our business, wo shall soou repeut our roshuosg." — Tho very rashnoss, I may point out, which I have imputed to tho honourable member for Maruuoa. I will now proceed to givo ono or two instances of Parliamentary pre cedent which justify my accusation. I find that in 180(1, on tho loth of April, during a debute on tlio Representation of the People's Bill, then before the House of Commons, the present Lord Chancellor Cairns, spcuk- ing upon that Bill, which was a represen tative Bill, providing for the enlargement of tho franchise, and subsequently for the redistribution of the electorates, said : — "But suppose tho Bill to pass. Wo aro told that tlio Government hold that this Parliament can deal nl'lorwards with the question of the redistribution of the scats. Tho Chancellor of Exchequer said tho numbers to be enfranchised by this Bill would bo greater than thoso wliich were cufruucliiscd by tho Reform Act of 1832\. lie stated that tho highest estimate ovor uiado of tho numbers cnfruncliiscd under tho Reform Act was 300,000, but that this Bill would onfmnchiso moro. Now, thero ore now views of tho Constitution presented to us orery day, but I own it is quito a now viow of tlio con stitutional government of tills country to hear that, after tho electoral body throughout tho kingdom hus been altered to an extent to which it was not altered at tho time of tho Reform Act — after 400,000 liavo been added to thut body — still tho Parliament elected by tho old, tho extinct, tho out-rooted constituency can no on and transact all tlio ordinary business of tho nation. I do not spcuk now of tho redistri bution of tho scats ulone, but of taxation' and every act of QoTcrnmcnt which has to bo con ducted through the medium of Parliament. I waut to know. Is it consistent with sound constitutional principle that a Parliament elected by ono constituent body — and which constituent body has lost its jwwer, which is so wholly ultercd thut it may be ulisolutoly undistiuguish- able— that such a Parliament, its moral power und ihtlueneu being ended, should go on und deal with tlio laxution and Government of this country ? Do you think tho country at largo would bo satisfied with a Parliament which had already proclaimed that it hud not been elected by the constituency which ought to elect mem bers of PurliutnciiL ? Do you think that in any timo of pressure or of difficulty, it would be tolerated that questions of legislation or taxa tion should be dealt with by a Parliament of that kind ? I apprehend it would not." Aguin in 18G8, two years later, when— the representation of the people baring beqn Srovidcd for in a Parliamont under the Government of Mr. Disraeli— it was sup posed; to bo inevitable that a now Parlia ment would bo elected, a debate arose on a question connected with the Irish Church, and Lord Stanley then said: — " What do you menu to do with your resolu tions when you have got t hem ? You do not iu- . tend lo legislato this year. Tito right honour- ablo gcntlcinnii said as much. " Mr. Gladstone : Timt there may bo no misunderstanding, I wo'dd explain, if the noblo Lord will permit tnc, that what I disclaimed vras final legislation. - Wlint I recommended and what would bo required by the spirit of tlio second and third resolutions would Ito legislation to prevent the growth of new in terests. "Lord Stanley: Tltal is not legislation in the sense I mean. You do not intend to ask us to legislate so as to dispose of the question. But . if tlio right honourublo gcntlonmn hud givon mo a ditTeront answer my cuso would have been just as ttrong, becauso the roply would obviously have suggested itself. If you lmvo a plan, 'why do you not embody it in tho Bill before us, instead of proposing resolutions' But you say, " No, wo cannot legislate this year, but wo pledge tho Louse.' Whom do you plcdgo, and to what? If you mcuut lo plcdgo this " Louse to Icgislat-hm on tho question, there would be something in timt; and, though it ' might bo rash to giro a promise us to action in a future. 6089100, still tho importance of tlio subject, and the excitement of tlio public mind, would perhaps justify such a step. But wo stand in a Tory, poculiir position. Wo all i know that alter tho Icgislatiro changes of la<t year, it is simply impossible, according to all constitutional rule, that tho present Parliament can continue in existence any longer than is necessary to complete tlio arrangements for creating now votors. You, therefore — tho present Parliament — will norcr havo this . question tp deal with. It must bo dealt witli iu a new Purliamont, and that Farliamont elected by a new and greatly increased con stituency." I have nob the right reference to another quotation I intondod making, but it referred to ' a declaration by Mr. Disraeli in equally strong terms, that an expiring Par. liaraent bad no moral right to legislato upon subjects which ought properly to bo decided by new constituencies. I maintain that is tbo oxact position in which wo aro now placed. "Wo cannot morally or constitu- tipnally legislate upon tho subject proposed by tbo honourable member for Marnnou. I cannot acquit tbo honourable member of factious motives in bringing forward his motion. I do not believe that it is con sistcnt with disinterested patriotism, that ho should ask this Parliament for the dis solution of which wo have already provided to legislate upon such an important subject as this. I shall lenvo my honourable friend tho Colonial Treasurer ut a later 'period of tho evening to doal with somo matters of detail upon which ho will probably be ablo to touch with grentor effect than I have been. Whatever may bo tho result of ibis motion, I will opposo it to the utmost. I will opposo it in all stages, believing it to bo unjustified in every respect. I beliovo that the honour- 'ablo member for Mnranoa assumes too ' much by attempting to dictate to tho Houso in this form. His resolution was one which ought not to be proposed by any houourablo member sitting on tlio opposito ' benches, except with the avowed intention ' of subverting the Government. Ho has no right to proposo it now. Ho might have closed with us on many important questions— he might havo questioned our right to occupy tho Treasury benchos— at ' an oarlicr period of tho session, having had many opportunities; hut ho has reserved his right to au inconvenient period, when it is not for tho benefit of tho country, ' arid I beliovo it is not in accordance with the wishes of the people, that he lias assumed to tako this step. I beliovo that ho has assumed it not for disinterested or patriotic motives. Ho has assumed it for factious purposes, and from- greed of , office. For what purposo wus tho change of leadership of tut Opposition from tnc : houourablo member for Port Curtis to the ' honourable member for Maranou? It was " announced that such change was avowed!' ' in consequvuce of tho honourable member for Port Curtis not being desirous for office, and that, therefore, it was desirable lie should resign tlio leadership of tho Opposition in favour of tho honourable member for Munition. It may bo au hou ourablo aspiration to seek office, but the honourable member bns missed bis oppor tunity during this session, and I believe I sball bo borno out in that opiniou by tho people of this colony. More than that, I say I am justified in objecting totbc motion oh tho constitutional principles which I havo pointed out. If tho honourable mem ber had any real respect for tho constitu tional principles, which above all others should guido us — if ho hud any respect for the constituent body of the country, he would have affirmed his motion at a more fitting occasion. 1 indict him with trilling, with rashness, with attempting to cast over the constituent body of this country tho gla mour of this loan for railway liues, which, I believe, would havo no reality in his hands.' The whole of his supporters have done all they could lo retard the develop ment of the railways of this country. They havo done all thoy could by fuetious oppo sition, and by drivelling discussions to \ harass tlio Government and impede tho business of the country. And now tbey come and tell us at tho last moment of this worn-out Assembly, "Hand over to us" — the consistent oppononts of nil tho principles of progress, which they now professed, nnu of tho party who havo endeavoured to carry out those prin ciples and succeeded — hand over this power to us, and tho manipulation of tho elections, which I maintain is really the iimiii object of the motion. I havo 'indicted the honourable the leader of the Opposition with want of truo patriotism and a violation of true constitutional prin ciples. I hold theso principles to be as dear to me as any principles upon which government can bo founded. They aro ; those which I lmvo recognised in the past, and which I shall endeavour to bear wit ness to iu the present and future. I repent that, at tho lust moment of this expiring Assouibly, it ill-behoves tho leader of tho Opposition to coino forward with a motion avowedly for the good of the country and for the benefit of all concerned, when his real desire is to tako tho goverumout out of our linnds, and when in doing so ho will defy constitutional principles and commit this Parliament to what ought to bo relegated to a future Parliament. For these reasons I shall oppose this motion to the uttermost. It bodes ill for tho future when the lender of tbo Op- josition should havo been found to end himself to a course of procodurc which is in violation of sound constitutional practice. Mr. Palmkr : It would have been much better for the Premier to lmvo loft out his allusion to drivelling speeches, for a more drivelling one than tliut just mado I never heard from him. As for taxing the Opposi tion with delaying tho husiucss of the country, it was tlio drivelling speeches which the Premier mado when tho Esti mates wore on — whon ho could not givo a singlo explanation, and when lie mado speeches beginning and ending nowhere, and which nobody could understand — it was these which delayed tho business of the country. I shall not attempt to follow the honourable gentleman through nil tho drivelling speech he lius iust innilo. It would tako a great deal too long, and would wcury the House; but I shall bavc to ulludo to somo of tho remarks that ho made, and made in very had tomper and spirit. He begun by chaffing, as ho cou- sidorcd, tho honourublo member for Mara noa at huving stated that ho was bringing forward tho motion as a private member. The honourublo mouibcr for Marunoa is tho leader of tho Opposition, hut ho is still a private member of the Houso, and has a right to consider himself so without being brought to book by tbo Premier. The Premier has said that tho Govern ment have a policy, and has endeavoured to show what it was. I leave honourable members to judgo for themselves if the Ministry had tho policy tho Premier stated, whether thoy would havo waited for such a motion us that moved by tlio houourablo member for Marauoa- to bring it out of them. Any honourable member who watched tho blnnk faces of tho Minis try when tho honourable member read out his motion for a loan of three millions, cun suriniso what kind of loan they contem plated. They drcatnpb of a trilling loan— something like £300,000— to savo tho coun try, although if tho speoeh, to which tho Premier treated us to-night, wore carried out to its entirety, throe millions would be a mure bagatelle— ten or fifteen millions wns uioro likely to bo wanted. Tho Premier 1ms endeavoured to impress upon us that tho policy of tho Government wus exactly tho reverse of what I always took it to be, and what I believe mombcrs on both sides of tho House, have taken it to bo. There havo been so many changos in their ranks — tho buck prop has, howover, always romainod — that wo arc apt to confound ono with tho other ; but their policy 1ms been tho samo always only wo drugged them into a better. They began by making railways from tho pro ceeds of the land. It is ridiculous for them to deny that — tho records of their speeches in Hansard proved that. Having failed in that, thoy stolo tho policy of tho Opposition, and went in for a loan. And now, according to tho speech of tho Premier, thoy arc again prepared to borrow. He has out- Horoded Herod this evening, aud is prepared to go far boyond the loadcr'of tlio Opposition, and to gull t he people with tho idoa of mukiiig railways allover the country. Tho honourable gentlemau could not make his speech without imputing motives. He is very clcrer ut that. Ho imputed to tho honourable lender of the Opposition that ho was connected with souio railway scheme. Would it not havo been far better, and far more gentlemanly to havo stated that tho only railway scheme with which the hon ourable member for Maruuoa hud anything to do, wus ono which was suggested to him when ho held office as Minister for Works, and which he had to lay before tho Cabinet and the country in that capacity. I think those imputations were dishonourable, and ought not to have been made by tbe Pre mier, for thov might bo accepted by people who do not know any belter, as true. I remember one Premier suyiug that tbe hon ourable member for Maranou was a part ner in the firm which mudo that oifcr, but ho wns mudo to cat his words soon, and I havo no doubt tbat if tbe honourublo member for Muranoa had the right of reply this evening tho Pre mier would havo to cat his words too, nnd to admik tliut tho honourable mem ber had nothing to do with any railway scheme except as a Minister of the Crown. Tho Premier could not even resist having what ho thought a very clover dig at me, bccauso I chooso to sit behind tho present leader of tlio Opposition. If the honour able geutlcman wishes to kuow my prin cipal reason for silling there, I have no hesitation in telling him. I came here with tho view of putting out him and the Ministry that ho leads, as, in my opinion, the most corrupt Ministry Queensland was ever cursed with. I believed that in coming to the rear rank of the Opposition, nnd putting the honourable member for Mnranoa forward, I could do it better. If that is any satisfaction to the honourable gentleman, ho is welcome to it. I was not opposed in any way. I did it of my own free will, thinking I could better assist the party iu putting out the most corrupt Ministry that over existed. Wo heard as a sort of excuse for not bringing forward a policy boforc, that tlio country was in imminent danger of war. Was over such a paltry excuse heard? When tho last loan was floated in England, aud floated bettor than any previous loan, was the country not tlietr believed to bo oil the verge of war? Tho fact is, tho Govern ment had not a policy until this motion brought it out. Thou wo were told by the Premier that wo were attempting to rush into fresh oporutions, which wo had no right to do us an expiring Parliament. We aro not doing anything of tho sort. Wo arc only desirous of going on with works to which tho country is already pledged — pledged by tho Government side of tho House against tho wish of members on this side, who considered the works us unnecessary. The contradictions of tho Premier's speech have both amused and amazed me. He told us on one occasion that it was no part of tho busiucss of the country to mako railways for the purpose of bringing minerals into a port. What on earth is tho Bundaborg and Mount Perry Railway for— the pet project of tho present Govornmont, brought forward and carried by themP Is it not for the purpose of bringing miuorals to port? As for the Maryborough and Gympie Railway, there was not evon that excuse for it. These aro works to which the country is pledged, and we, in order to support the diguily of tho country in carrying out thoso works to which it is pledged, Jo not shut our eyes — do not slick our heads in tho sund like ostriches and fancy ourselves safe. We look ahead and see that provision must be mado for tho carrying on of those railways. There is wlmt bus been called the Northern Railway— but which ought rather to be ' called the Central Railway— what provision has been made for carrying it on? Tho Ministry havo wilfully shut tlicir eyes, though warned by deputation after doputation, and letters and urticlcs in tho Press without number ; aud the result will be, unless tins resolution, or one like it, is carried, that tho most valuable staff over collected on ono railway will in a few months bo dispersed, and it will cost ten times tbo amount of money to get them together again. That is what the Ministry are doing Warned us thoy were by tho honourable member for Marauoa, in his speech on fho Financial Statement, that there must be a loan, it was bigh time, when ho found the Ministry going to sleep, shutting their eves to the difficulties before thorn, lo bring forward this motion. And in bringing it forward ho hud my full and hearty support Then wo were told by the Premier that it wus no busiucsB of the leader of the Opposition to suggest a policy or to show Iris huud. As a rule, no doubt, the Premier is right. It is bad policy on the pari of a leader of the Opposition to show his hand. Ho had far Letter wait till bo is called in before bo prescribes. But desperate eases require desperate rcmcdios, and when we find that wo havo a pilot running the ship on tho rocks, it is high time that some one cauio forward and showed him tho way ho ought to steer. That is what tho present Ministry havo been doing. Did not we see something of it this evening? Does ono member of tho Ministry know what, any of tho others aro doing ? As fur as a sbnko of tho head eould con firm it, wo wore informed that tho Minister for Works hud not the least idea of how tho Colonial Secretary was fooling away tho money of tho colony. Hero we have tho Premier spending money without any check, and without the knowledge of some of his collcugues, ut all events. I wonder how many of Iheni know how that money was spent. That was a sample of the way in which the ship was going to be run upon tho rocks. Then wo were told that the honourable member for Marauoa was uttorly wrong; that ho had plenty of opportunities curlier iu the session for bringing forward a motion of this sort, and did not do it. I should look upon him as a much more stupid individual than I liuvo ever found him if he allowed tho Premier lo dictate to hini tho time he was to bring forward his motion. He must bo allowed to choose his own timo, and I think be has chosen a most opportuno time, bccauso the country can now seo that we havo given the Minis try every chance. When the Financial Statement— a very long and a very poor one — was made, we warned them that a loan was necessary, and now wo are attempting by means of this motion to mako thorn do what they ought to have done long ago. We had a gooaucalof talk from the Premier about the right of this Louse, as a moribund Parliament, to pass any resolution of this sort. I never heard a greater conglomera tion in my life. In one breath he told us we had no right to make laws at all, and iu llie next that we had every right, and thai lie bowed to the decision of the House. I say we have every right, moribund as wo are, until we expire by eifiuxion of time. When a man. conies to die, he generally makes his will, if he 1ms common-sense; and it is the duty of this Louse to make its will — to see that the country is not run aground during the time tlcre is no Par liament. We arc bound lo proride for tho exigencies of the public service, and not to ailowany Ministry, through want of brains, intelligence, or common foresight, from neg lecting the business of tho State. We were told, aho, that, although we bring forward a motion of tills sort this session, and advocate the formation of branch rail ways we refused last year to gire the ! Premier £300,000 for tbe same purpose- So we did; but why? It was not that we objected to branch railways, but became we could not trust the Government with the money. We knew the purpose to which they would apply it. They wanted it to dangle as bribes before the eyes of their supporters. That was their obiect. and they were not game to say where they were going to rim these branch railways. I hope the House will always deal in the same way with ul! applications for money when asked for with such uif object in view. We had a good deal of disquisition from the Premier about cheap lines of railway, and ho spoke of Mr. Ballard's opinions, I have a great respect for Mr. Ballard's opinions, but thoy are not new. I will gtvo you something quite new ; it is the Premier's own opinion on cheap railways, delivered not many tveeks ago: — " No Government could be found capable of constructing what was called a cheap railway; they could not afford to expend public money upon works of an unsubslaulhd character, and wlmt was called a cheap railway, must he more or less of an umubetantml character. It might bo constructed by a speculative company, and lie could point to half-a-dozen men in tlio Louse, who, if placed on tho directorate of such a eomjwny, would have no difficulty in forming such u lino for £1,000 a niilo. A railway that would go to pieces, or require con stant patching, would be a standing disgrace to any Government." Tliut was tho Premier's idea of cheap rail ways. Then he told us he was going to construct three main trunk lines. I should like to know how much he ha helped thoso liues? The money for tho Northern lino was voted a considerable tiuie ago. What progress has been made with it? and what provision liad been made for carrying tho Central lino further west than Emerald Downs, or tho Western Railway beyond Roma ? Nono at all, that I know of. Tho Ministry were shutting their eyes, and running the country wilfully into a state of staud-stilh If we do not mind, there will be a repetition of 1800, when wo found our navvies going off in hundreds and thou sands to New South Wales, simply through tho short-sightedness of tho Government, and their want of common sense, and common prudence. We are to have these trunk lines on a different system, from any other lines I ever heard of. Tho peoplo for whose convenience they aro mudo are to pay for thciu. I should like to know what part of the country has paid for uny of tlio lines already made, A great deal of laud has been sold on the Darling Downs, and gono towards the consolidated revenue, and of course helped to pay for tho railways ; but in what railway legisla tion do wo find this principle introduced? Would the diggers at Gympie pay for tho Maryborough and Gyminc line? Who was to bo specially taxed for the Burnla here and Mount L'crry line? The peoplo will pay for tho lines, of course, by tho freights on their goods; but I should like to know how the Government arc going to mako them pay directly for tlio lines. Is there to be a special railway tax, or nn- sucotiie tax, or what? Then we are told — and it shows how much the Premier known about the country— that the Roma railway should be taken to Lans- downe. Has there ever been a survey of that line, or is he Only groping in the dark? There has bren no survey whutover, and the Premier knows no more thun the small est child in Brisbane whether the line could be taken there at all, or at any rate without very considerable expenditure, I have no hesitation in saying that instead of tho Roma railway going to Laudsdowue, it should bo carried down south-west. It should not be taken in a direction to tap the Northern line, which is the attempt that I suppose would be made by this Govern ment. Great fault was found, sir, by the Premier with the leader of the Opposition for attempting to borrow this money, and yet we are told it is the intention of the Government to borrow a great deal more. Ah for us £ eun make out, the Government intend to carry out every line in the colony that has ever been mentioned yet, except the Gladstone, Guyndalt and Mount Ksk lines. We aro told in one breath that an expiring Parliament bus no right whatever to pass a motion of this kind, and we are told in the uext that the policy of the Government is to carry out a great many more lines than were ever conceived by the leader of the Opposition. Of courso they must borrow money for tlicsc lines ; but what are they going to do? They arc going to do one of the most wonderful things ever heard of — ibey are going to make all these lines on a small loan. That we are told by the Premier. Tlie Attorney-General: No. Mr. Palmer : I have got it down just as lie uttered it We were told that all these railways arc to be made on a small loan. The Attobney-Genknal: No. Sir. Palmes : I say "yes;" lean say "yea" as often as the Attorney-General says" no" %Vc were told that distinctly, andshortly afterwards tho Premier attacked the leader of the Opposition for having said that although wc might get authority to borrow threo millions, there was no necessity for borrowing more than one million at a time. Now, what the leader of the Opposition s:iid was, that if we got authority to borrow three millions, there was no necessity for borrowing inorc than one at a time, because it might lead .to tho some position as they ore in in New South Wales— that the banks would get hold of too much money, and wc would have i he greatest difficulty in getting it back. That was the argument of the leader of the Opposition, not that wc should get a dribbling loan. He proposed to take authority to borrow a certain sum, but not to take more than was wanted at a time to go on witli ; but the Premier, in his usual style, perverted his argument. The honourable gentleman also favoured us with somo precedents from the Koglish Parliament ; but I sel dom look at precedents myself, and caro very little about them. I do not believe the opinion he read has anything whatever to do with this question, but it was dragged in for sonic wonderful purpose known only to the Premier, and is of no earthly use. I shall not attempt to follow tho Premier much further in his speech. lie worked himself up into a passion, and imputed all sorts of motives to my honourable friend the leader of the Opposition, accusing him of want of disinterested patriotism, with being greedy of office, and a variety of other things. I think myself that the leader of an Opposition ought to be anxious — but he neeu not be greedy — to tako office. Aud so far from agreeing with the Premier . that it is not the wish of the people that the present ministry should go out of oflicc, I can only say, after knocking about the town and the country a good deal, that if I am to judge of the voice of the people as expressed, they arc almost unanimous that it is high time the present Ministry went out, and I think the Premier will have that proved to him unmistakably at the next general election. At all events, I will try to convince him, if we can only get candidates enough. I was in hopes that we would get rid of them before that, but they may rest sure of going out then. I will leave it to the people to say by whom dribbling discussions hare been carried on. Why, wc have made all the laws that have been made this session. The Government have not brought forward and passed a single measure that we did not mould just as wo liked ; and the country and the Press of the country know it well. They have been told so by leading articles in every paper in the colony. Wc have made tho laws for them, sir, most decidedly. I do not know that wo could do much mere if wc were on the Treasury benches; but still I consider it of so much importance to get the present Ministry out, and I am so anxious that some good men should get in and examine the accounts of the country, and see what has been going on behind tuo scenes, tbat I will do everything I possibly can to put them out. The Attorney-General said, when the honourable member for Marauou brought forward the motion this evening, he begau stating that the country were expecting that he should give very good reasons for bringing it forward ; aud saying that they were asked to authorise a loan of £3,000,000 during the present session. I think tho honourable member in saying so much, stated what everyone agrees with, and what everyone expected from him. Put, sir. I think the country will look in vain to his speech, or the speech of the honourable member for Port Curtis, who followed bim, for any reasons whatever for proppsing to adopt this course. On the contrary, the honourable member seemed afraid of pass- iog tho motion. So far as ono can read between tlie lines of tho honourable mem ber's speech, he must have changed his mind since lio gave notice of the motion, and when he found that the cuo ho origioally intended to take would not work, at the last moment ho adopted a different line of attack, as I shall be uble to show when X compare the first part of his speech with the second. Of course wo all know it was expected that the honour able member would have referred to the present financial affairs of Australia in tho course of his speech. We have hoard him make speeches on that subject before. Wc have seen that part of the Press which is supposed to receive suggestions and illu- miuatiou from the honourable gcntloman, pointing out the absence of moucy in tho colony for tho purpose of kccpiog tho bonks going, and tnut tho banks found they could not make advances to their customers. Wc have hoard all that, and of course we all know that the honourablo gentleman is on important personage in the hanking and financial world of Queens land. But I will venture to say that the universal expectation of tho whole colony was, that tho honourable member would have given some reason, founded upon tho present financial position of Australia, for his motion. The honourable mcmbcrdidnot venture to give one. Ilis conclusion was this, that after all— supposing we do au thorise this loan of £'3,000,000, we need not borrow more than £1,000, 000. That is the best, ami, in fact, the only argument lie has given for authorising this loan of £3,000,000 this session— that if it was authorised we should not borrow more than £1,000,000. Then, why, sir, should tho leader of the Opposition come down with a great flourish of trumpets, and ask tbo House to allirin that it is desirable to take authority to borrow £3,000,000 this session, without giving good reason for it. I say, he has given no reason whatever. I say thnt when his speech couics to bo analysed by tbc Press and the intelligent people of the colony, as it will he, they will sec that ho has given no reason whatever for his motion. The honourable gcutlcuiau, in bringing it forward, lias mado nearly every mistake. I will not say mistake, beeauso a mistake depends upon the result — ho has violated nearly every principle of practice followed in Parliaments in dealing with such matters; I speak of matters between party and party. In the first place ho asks au ex piring Parliament to commit tho country to a loan of £3,000,000, for what purpose? A purpose which he specifies vaguely, and which ho knows as well as I (lo, and as everybody knows, cannot bo definitely authorised by this Parliament. For, sup posing the honourablo gentlomun to be successful with his motion, aud as n result, u now Government took office, docs ho venture to suggest that ho would bo able to prepare before the close of this session, and bring down a deliuite schouio for the appropriation of this £3,000,000, and get the plaus and specifications of those now railways be speaks of, aud his harbour works authorised by the House? Tho honourable gentleman knows perfectly well uo such result could huppcu. The ouly thing ho could do would be to rush a Loan Bill through, and ho would then bo able, as suggested by bis honourable friend the member for Port Curtis, to dangle it before the eves of tho public at tlie geucral election. That is the ouly explauution he can give of the practical result of carrying his motion into effect. It is per fectly clear that it is not only impossible, but it would be improper for tho present Parliament to commit tho country to such a large amouut as £3,000,000. That is ono mistukc, or, rather, grove departuro from principle, on the part of the honourablo member. Then there is another: The Opposition arc supposed to criticiso the acts of the Government, and when tho time comes, to take tho reins themselves, and then initiate their policy ; but it bus been well said, that it is not the busiuess of the Opposition to prescribe until they arc called in. I admit thnt tlicro 0103 bo occasions when tbc rulo should bo violated, and the Opposition should give au announce went of their intentions when the' are not called in. But, sir, I never heard of thai principle being violated anywhere without first asking the Government to state their intentions ; and when the Government have done so, then you 1003 expect Oppo sition, having tho Government definitely bound to their stated intentions, to bring forward a vote of want of confidence, or some motion equivalent to one. Has thut practice been adopted ou tlie present occa sion ? I aiu not going to repeat what was stated by my honourable friend ut the head of the Government except to connect it with what I have to say afterwards. At the commencement of this session, Great Britain was in danger of becoming in volved in a disastrous war; wo hud a loan in the market ready to be floated, and wo could not undertake to float a loan duriug the present session. We had, besides, undertaken to puss a measure recasting tho electorates of the colony, which would pro bably result in an appeal to the country before an' important legislation could bo initiutcd. As soon as the opportunity occurred, the Treasurer announced dis tinctly the intention of tho Government to propose a loan during tho present session, of sufficient, but not more thuu sufficient, magnitude to cnublo necessary works al ready authorised to be carried on until the new Parliament should pronounce us lo the future. Members of the Opposition; No, no. The Attorney-General: Thut was an nounced distinctly and definitely', and at the earliest possiblo moment. Members or the Opposition : No, no. The Attorney-General : It was an nounced within one week after tho loan was floated in England. Every news- pajwr iu the colony commented upou it, and most of them uuitcd in congratu lating the Government that they were in a position, and intended to briug forward a loan during tho present session. That is oue clement in the situation. Another is, thnt it has lately been brought under the notice of tho Government thnt the works on the present Northern ltnilwuy will have been carried, in about twelve months, to the furthest point to which they have been authorised by Parliament, and it will be necessary to make provision for their extension. An influential deputation of members from both sides of tho Houso waited upon (he Government 011 tho sub ject, and it is perfectly well known that the matter has been receiving tho considera tion of the Governmont. It is clear, then, that tho Government aro bound, within a short time, lo bring down loan estimates to tho House, and the obvious, natural, pro per, and honourablo course for the leader of tho Opposition to adopt was to ask the Treasurer when he proposed to bring them down. If the honourablo liioiubor luid asked that question lust week or tho week before, ho would have been told that they would bo brought down within ten days. I say that not one single point of the policy of tho Government lias been changed or influenced by tho introduction of tho mo tion, nor tho amount they propose to ask been altered by a single sixpence. Tho fnir, honesty and struighlforwurd course would have been for the honourable mem- bor to wait till tbo Loan Estimates were brought down, aud then, if he disapproved of thorn us not suited to the wants of tue colony, what was a plainer courso than for liim to linvo moved that the proposal of tho Gov ernment was inadequate to the wants of tho colony ? It is clear he could have douo so, ,us ho has admitted that we do not want moro than a million til the present year. I cannot givo the precise amount which the Government intend to propose, because thut is tho busiuess of tho Colonial Treasurer ; but it will bo an amount sufficient to carry out tho existing works, and ono or two others, which cannot be commenced until Parliament pronounces upon tho con duct of them. If tho honourable mem ber had taken that course, he would not liavo made himself liable to bo ac cused of attempting to outbid tho Gov ernment without giving thein an oppor tunity to announce their policy. Does tho honourablo member think I10 will gum by his action any lasting advantage with the country, when tho Government had pro mised to bring down Loan Eslimntcs dur ing tbo present session? When those esti mates nro introduced, wo shall be called upon to stalo our intentions for tho future, and wo arc prepared to do so. Why did not tho honourable member wait till that announcement was before U10 Houso in stead of violating, for the first time, tho wholesome rulo that it is not the business of tho Opposition to announce a policy P if it were a mutter upon which tho Govern ment had declared their intention to an nounce nothing, ho could understand tho leader of tho Opposition saying, " You will do nothing j I will announce a policy, aud attempt to carry it out for tlie benefit of tho whole community." I ehargo tho hon ourablo member thut, knowing U10 Gov ernment iutended to anuounco a policy to tho countr3', he has endeavoured to unticiputo it, aud prevcut them from carrying it out with effect. . I do not think ho will succeed. If he had not given notice of motion, but had asked tho Government in tho ordiuary wa3r, tho announcement would probably have been made . to-duy, to-morrow, or next week. Tho honourable member sa3'8, "perhaps, never." I think if, after making the promise, the Government failed to perform it, they would then bo fairly attacked by tho honourablo member for Marnnoa ; aud I, for one, should have found great diffi culty in defending them. Now, the hon ourable member seeks to claim the credit of having first announced what he would do with a loan of three millions. Tho honourable member bus, at all events, beeu sufficiently vnguo on the subject of branch lines. He says there must bo brunch lines, hut I10 won't say where tho3 arc to he, lest he should bo accused of a little election eering trick. That is an argument which lie has used against the Government ; aud one would have supposed that, when tho timo cuinc, tho honourable mem ber would bo nblo to avoid the faults ho criticised. Tho honourablo member has boon suddenly converted into being in favour of branch Hues; but. it looks us though he was simply attempting to anticipate tho Government, aud would afterwards get somo of his friends to sa' they only took up tho matter because he did. I must confess I was surprised when the honourable member road dowu the list of proposed items : Immigration, harbours aim rivers, defences, municipalities, hruncli Hues, extension of trunk lines. I was amazed, und ii I did not know sucb a thing wus impossible, I should have imagined, that some person had surreptitiously ob tained possession of written documents which hud been iu tho hands of the Gov ernment weeks ago. I wus uuiuzcd at the extrnordiuar coincidence, not in tho figure, but in the headings. Documents had beeu circulated amougst tho members of tho Govornment stating what they proposed to do, weeks before tho honourable member gave his notice of motion. I am con vinced it is a coincidence, but I mention U10 matter because I should bo lo' h to have it supposed thut the Government would condesceud to follow the lead of tho honourable member forMarunoa, as leader of the Opposition, upon amuttcr of this kind. Wo have already suid what the Govern ment have to do. They linvo to contihuo the works authorised by Parliament, and sco thnt there aro sufficient funds iu the Treasury, so that no difficulties may occur in curry ing out those works. For the Warwick and Stanthorpc railway, the Bouia exten- tion, the Maryborough and Gyuipic, tho Bundabcrg and Mount Perry, and tlio Charters Towers linos, additional money will bo required. For tho central line, not only will additional raonoy bo re quired, but further plans will require to bo sanctioned. It is sufficiently known by overy mun in tho country that the Govern ment is pledged to find means for tho carrying out of thoso works during tho present session, and that is all I lie House can pronounce upon dur ing the present session. Morabors on both sides are agreed on this point, and tlicro need be no fear buta that a vigorous works policy will bo carried out. But is it not a remarkable tiling tbat a party that has for years been strenuously opposed to (he party of progress, should alt at once, on the eve of a general election, agree to follow the honourablo member for Marnnoa, and put forward a programmo as liberal, or nearly as liberal, us that tho Liberal Government are going to bring forward ? It is indeed a singular pheno menon. It is remarkable, vory remark able, that thoso who have been long known as consistent conservatives slioula follow the honourablo member. I know tbo hon ourable member holds liberal views ; but so long as be is satisfied to load a number of conservatives, who havo boon recognised ns tho old Tories of the country, so long must ho expcot to bo looked upon with sus- Iiicion by all true liberals. I knew the lonourablo member for Maranoa as a trusted and vulunblo member of tho liboral party, and during tbo timo I had tlio honour to bo his colleague, there was no great difference between us, and I am glad lo think that thcro is not now much diffcrcnco of opinion between us ou the works to bo undertaken, but only as to the manner in widely they nro to bo carried out. At tho beginning of tlie next Parliament a lonu of considerable maguitudo will havo to bo authorised, and it would bo well tbat it should bo autho rised witbont dcla), that Parliament- may have leisure to deal with other public works which prcssingly demand attontion. I would lioro meution that it is just possible the now constituencies may bo of a differ ent opinion with regard to trunk lines. I hope such will not be tho case; but U10 fact remains, that the popular con stituencies under tho now Act may bo iu a much increased proportion, and it is just possiblo that tho people may object to being taxed simply for tlio purposo of making railways, winch must bo for tho present unremuncrativo, for tho purposo of opening up tho interior. I know that several constituencies aro of that opinion, and if they ' return mcmbors with tlioso viows, it is quito possible that thoso members, with tho help of honourablo members on tbo other side of the Houso who have hitherto professed cautious and Conservative views, may bo in a position to rofuso to sanction such a scheme of works. It would ho very im proper, therefore, for tho present Parlia ment to commit tho Government to such a sehciiio. Wliatovor may happon duripg tho next fivo years — whoever may ho. in power, und in whatever order tho works may be brought forward, I believe tbo Southoru and Western Builwny should bo steudily pushod forward. Tlie Central line should also ho pushed forward; and also the Northern lino from Townsvillo, which I believe will be recognised in a 3'cur or two as one of the trunk lines of tbo colon3'. It is probable that eventually all those lines will bo connected by another line forming part of a great trunk lino run ning north and south. And here comes tho point upon which tho Government and tho Itonourablo inomber for Maranoa differ. Ho wishes to see thoso lines constructed solely out of loun, thereby imposing a per- N pctual tax upou tbo people of tho colony, and especially of the more thickly-popu lated parts, to pay the interest on tho cost of construction. I believe that if tho ques tion were put to tho country now whether those liuos should bo pushed forward to tlie westward by means of borrowed money, tho loaus would not ho autho rised and the extensions would remain uncompleted for a long timo to come. I believe that is tho opinion of tho country, hut I believe, also, that if tho peoplo knew, that instead of their boing permanently suddlcd with tho interest, and with part of the cost of construction, tho lines could he constructed by the sale of lands, thoso lines would readily be authorised. I believe, sir, iu thut (he principlo which wus first cnunciatod by 3'ourself, is thoroughly be lieved iu by the country— and 1 will just romark how thut principle has worked in regard to the "Western Kailwo3. W© shall havo constructed iu courso ot timo a rail way from Dolby to Hodiii, which will, at the utmost, only be a burden on tho peoplo to the extent of £-100,000. I bcliovo that railway to be a magnilicentinstance of how the principle of making tho land pay lor railways cuu be worked out. Mr. McIlwbaitii: Ask the Boma people about that. The Attorney-General: I confess, for one, thut I look upon it as an admirable result, and I hope to see the same priuciplo carried out elsewhere. I believe that our inaiu lines must he extended— the Southern line, the Western, tho Central, and tho Townsville, aud it is quite clear that during the next live years we shull have, in addi tion to those extensions, to construct branch lines on a more ccoaoniicalprinciple. I am oven more .sanguino on this. subject than the honourable the Premier, as I boliovo thai ; lines can be mado for less than , £4,000 o-milo. That has boon my opinion for many years ; and I romomber that on the first occasion of my addressing the electors of Oxloy I alluded to the subject, and expressed tho same opinion, lam satisfied that when onco tho system of making cheap railways is started, it will be found that they can uo mado oven cheaper than I havo mentioned. And when I speak of cheap lines I do not mean lines on which tho avorago speed would bo as low as that put down by the honourable mem ber for Maranoa, but lines on which trains could bo taken at the rate of ten milos an hour. Such lines as these would open up tho country, and I trust to see within tho noxt fow years 160 miles of such lines con struoted. Then tho honourable member referred to harbours and rivers, but tho Government had already included them in the public works to bo carried on, and it is quito clear that they will havo to he carried on at tho samo time, and out of the Barao loan. Next, the honourable gontlc man told us, thot ho put down £200,000 for immigration. Ho said that last year tbo amount expended on that scrvico was £00,000, so that ho would only provido for two and ahalf years. Now, if wo are going to push on our main lines, and con struct branch linos, wo shall havo to in crease our immigration, and what is more, if wo want to make raoro railways wo must increase our population, so as to lighten tho burden. The honourable gen tleman put down £1,020,000 for main lines and £360,000 for branch linos. Ho put down £300,000 as a sop to tho various constituencies and municipalities — but £2,000,000 for railways out of tho wholo sum of £3,000,000. I wish to say a few words on.tho criticisms of tho honourable mcmbor for Port Curtis. Ho tolls us that the; Government only intended to go in for a small loon ; but tbo Govornmcntintondcd always exactly what thoy intend now. Then wo woro told what has been so often repeated, that to hear it again almost makos one sick, that tho Government said thoy woro going to mako railways by tbo sale of land ;— well, wo havo dono so partly in tho caso of tho Western Hallway. Tnon wo woro told that tho schomo of tho Govern mont was merely put forward to gull tho country ; but tho lionourablo member should havo borno in mind that such criti cism was just as applicable to tbo schomo of tho lionourablo loader of tho Opposi tion— » if such a thing could bo said of tho Government schcmo, what could be said of tho scheme of tbo lionourablo member, which was, if similar in somo rospocts, entirely indefinite. Tho hon ourable member also said that if tho motion was not carried, tho Northern rail way works would bo stopped; but what had 'the motion to do with tho question? Tho Government had already intimated that thoy were going to ask for a loan to pre vent tho railway from being stopped, nud thoy havo, in fact, plodgcd themselves thut tho lino shall not bo stopped. And then, as regards tho point to whieu tho lino is toco, why has not tho honourable mcmbor for Rockhampton given notico of a question asking when tho Government intend to sub mit a plan? But the object was to keop the mouths of tho Government closed until tho honourable mombcr for Maranoa should havo had an opportunity of bringing for ward his motion. There was another re mark mado by the honourable mombcr for . Port Curtis — ono which I notico has often been printed in newspapers and repeated in tho most senseless way; tho honourable member said that during tho present . session tbo Opposition had mado tho laws of tho colony, and that statement has boon published in tho Press by unthinking people who did not consider what tboy " wcro doing. What laws, I will ask, havo been mado by tho Opposition ? Certainly tho honourable member for Too woo mb a, carried on amendment in the Electoral Bill; but is that making the laws of tho country P . Then, again, tho lionourablo member for Eassifern carried another amendment, but he was supported by a large number of tho inomhers on tbo Government sido of tbo House, and surely that was not passing a law? In 1872, when tho Redistribution Bill was under discussion, I moved an amend ment with reference to tho Oxley elec torate, and carried it; but it did not occur to mo then, that because the Opposition then supported mc, that tboy earned that law. I should liko to sec any measures in which fower amendments havo beon mado than in tho Billspasscd by the present Gov ernment. Tho fact is, that tho whole thing is simply a senseless cry ; altogether tho hon ourable member's speech was the weakest I havo overheard him mako. When tho hon ourable mcmbor for Muraooa introduced his motion, ho told us that ho would under take to prove that it was necessary for this Parliament toauthoriscaloanof £3,000,000; but he did not do anything of the kind, but has merely told us that it would not be necessary to borrow more than £1,000,000 a-ycar. Ho first moved, that in the opinion of this House it is nccess&ry; that a loan of £3,000,000 should bo authorised, and said ho would give good reasons for doing so ; but instoad of doing that, tho honourable member had condomned him self. It is not a question of £3,000,000, for the honourable member says only £1,000,000 is necossary. What, then, if it is a question that thoro shall bo a loan tilts year, then that is merely saying what tho Government have alrcaay -said. What is tbo object ; unloss it is to pass an adverse voto on tho Government. If that is tho object, tbo honourable member should havo moved, that in tho opinion of this House, the Government nro no longer worthy of confidence. It lias nothing to do with finance, public works, or anything else of tho kind, but is merely an attempt on the part of the loader of the Opposition to seize tho reins of power before the general election. Mr. Macrossan said ho could not con- gratulate tho honourable gentlemen who ad spoken from tbo Treasury benches upon their replies to tbo speech mndo by tlio honourable member for Maranoa. Tho dobnte seemed not to have turned, so far as the members of tho Government were concerned, upon the dosirablcnoss, or other- wiso, of borrowing £3,000,000 for public works, but upon whether the Parliament had the moral right to borrow such a sum of money, seeing that a Redistribution Bill had been passed, and that tho Parlia ment was in a moribund condition. After nil, it came to this : If this Parliament had no right to borrow £3,000,000, had it any right to borrow £1,000,000 ? Was it merely a question of amount? It seemed to bo narrowed down to that by the specchos of tho mombers of tho Government. A good deal had been attempted to bo made by both tho speakers on the Government bench about- the Redistribution Bill that had been passod, demanding that the country and tbo new constituencies should have tho right of forming the future policy of the country; and very longthy quotations had been rend by the Premier to prove that such a state of things would bo allowed by tho Houso of Com mons. But the cases woro not at all parallol. Hero they had simply passed an Additional Members Bill. If tboy had passed an Additional Members Bill of only three or four members, would honourable gentlemen havo demanded what thoy did uomand? Certainly not. But because they passed an Additional Members Bill, havingpracticallytho same constituencies— because, in this country, univorsal sufTrago provnilod, and the constituencies which roturnod tho members of tho present would return the members of tho noxt Houso— t ho only difference being that there would bo thirteen members additional, tbo doin&ud; was made. A great deal, also, had been said bybothhonourablegcntlomcnaboutthchon- ourablo member for Maranon affirming tbo desirability of this Parliament authorising n loan oE £3,000,000, at tho samo timo demanding only £1,000,000. But theso honourable gontlomou seemed to forget that tho honourable member for Maranoa stated that £1,000,000 only would bo required for this year, and that the deben tures would bo ready in London to float the balunco of tho loan at the most favourable opportunity. Was that the proposition of tho Government ? Ho doffed them to say it was. And tho very strong argument used by previous speakers was, that in' tho beginning of of this session Great Britain was seemingly on the verge of war, and that it was injudi cious on tho part of tho Government to introduce a loan during this session, in con sequence of that condition of ojfairs. That argument would stand very well, ho bad no doubt. It would havo great force under any circumstances ; but when tboy came to cxamino the previous history of tho present Government ; when thoy examined, further, tho previous history of tho party from 1874 till now, it was found that that argument was simply a subterfuge. During tho wholo course of tho existence of tho party which the present Government represented, thoy had beon protending to be tuc friends of progress and liberal institutions ; they hud been acting as far as they possibly could in retarding tho progress of the colony. Tho honourable the Attorney- Gcnoral asked when tho leopard had changed his spots, meaning probably tbo desire to know when the Opposition changed their policy for ono of progress. Ho (Mr. Macrossan) could tell the honourable gen tleman that it was when they changed their policy — when, by tho progress of politicnl evolution thoy had visibly changed their policy, and visibly affirmed that they woro advocates of progress and public works. Bid the honourable gentleman remember the beginning of the session of 1876, when tlio Government of which he and tbo Colonial Treusurer were both members, brought in tho speech from tho Throne in which there was only ono railway which tho Houso was asked to affirm — namoly, tho railway from Warwick to Stanthorpo ? Even in previous sessions thoy had asserted again and again thut they wore in favour of making railways. Did tho honourable gentleman recollect the dis content which existed amongst the buck benches on tho other side of tbo House? Ho himself brought forward a vote of want of confidence in the then Ministry, because they had not introduced a system of public works. Perhaps tho Attorney-General for got tho terms of that vote of want of con fidence, and, in caso that were so, lie would repeat it for his benefit. He had told the Houso what his opinion of the construction of tho Warwick and Stanthorpe railway was, and ho beliovcd his opinion was that of & great majority of tho members on that sido of the House, and it was tli&t; it was impossible that (one railway only should bo carried, and that the Min istry woro aware of (that, and put this ono railway down upon their pro gramme as a slrnm and pretence. He moved, upon that occasion, that the ques tion bo amended by the omission of para graphs two and three in tho Governor's Speech, with the view of inserting an amendment to tbo effect that the public works policy was not such as to retain for the Government the confidence of tho House and every racmberon the Opposition sido of the House voted for that motion, and, by doing so, proved that they, atlcost, were advocates of progress ; and, in doing so, they also made an act of faith which they had never since renounced. Perhaps that would satisfy tho honourable gentle man as to when they had changed their policy, on that side of tho House ; it was upon that occasion that he (Mr. Macrossan) changed his position in tuc House. To night they had, from the Prcmior, the enunciation of a policy which he called a policy for the immediate futuro. The honourable gentleman even used expres sions which he himself scarcely understood at tho time, and, probably, by immediate future, he meant a very remote future. It reminded him (Mr. Macrossan) very forcibly of a declaration made in Ipswich nearly five years ago by tho then leader of the party in power. In this manifesto, as it was called, tho honourable gentleman who then headed tbo party took upon himself the construction of lines of railway from Maryborough to Gympic, and from Bundabcrg to Mount Perry, the latter had never yet been fulfilled, and it was only tbo other day that the first sod of tho Maryborough and Gympio line wag turned, nndeven yet the permanent sur veys of tho Bundabcrg ana Mount Perry line hnvc not been completed, although tbo survey had been in progress for four years. The comment of tho Courier on that occa sion was applicable in every respect to tlie enunciation made this evening as to tho policy of the immediate futuro of tbo pre sent Government, and was a quotation from Shakspcro that "for the futuro seven halfpenny loaves would bo sold for a penny, that the thrcc-hoopud pot should for the futuro contain ten hoops, and that it should bo felony for anyono to drink small beer." A groat deal Lad been made by both the Attorney-General and tho Pre mier of tho reference to the member for Maranoa dictating as a private member of this House, although he was leader of the : Opposition, a lino of policy to ho adopted Tho truth, was the honourable mombcr hud made no attempt to dictate a policy to the Houso. Ho had simply enunciated his views of what the policy of tho country should be, and that suould be the policy of the party ho led. But in doing so, ho only attempted to dictate his policy to tho Government through tho Houso. Tho lionourablo gentleman up- pealed to the IIouso to do what he con sidered to bo right, and if the House affirmed tho desirableness to borrow three millions of money, it did not at all follow than the honourable gentleman who made tho proposition would immediately step into the shoos of the honourable gentleman opposite. But a great deal, too, had becu made of the statement; that this matter should bo left to tbo constituencies. Ho believed, if the question was curried in tho affirmative, it was within the power of tho Ministry to leave the question to tlio con stituencies. But at the same time, in going to tbo country, tho couutry would Know that at least tho majority or tho mombers of tbo Houso affirmed tho policy that it was desirable to borrow a certain amount of money. Tho honourable tho Pre mier, in talking about main lines of railway, simply enunciated a policy which was uclmitted by every think ing person in the House, and by almost all the Press, to be a notorious fuilure. He still enunciated tbo policy of selling lands for tho construction of lines of rail way, and he drew tho distinction— which was tho most fanciful ever drawn in any country where railways wcro curried on — that those who wore benefited by tlie railway should be made to pay for it; that the people on the main lines were only those specially benefited, whereas those who lived on the boundaries of the branch lines were not to bo considered specially bene fited. In every couutry it was admitted thut the muin lines were the lines of tho country and not the brunch lines, and if any distinction was made at nil, it ought not to bo made against tlie main lioes in favour of branch lines. The branch lines were mado spociully for tho benefit of small IocqI districts, but neither of them could bo mado upon tho plan des cribed. He did not see that a plan bad boen suggested, although tho At torn ey- Gen era! had said that it was n great success, viz., tho plan of making railways from the proceeds of land sales. Ho might think it a very groat success to build up immenso estates in tho hands of one or two individuals; but he ought to know that all liberal land reformers did not think so. They bold tbo opposite opinion in every part of the world. In Victoria, whero estates had been created by accidental circumstances over which the Government had no control, tho land re formers wore doing tlicir best to disin tegrate them, and to reduce tbem to a pro per manageable size. Ho felt quite suro that tho time would couic in this colony, if the present process was continued, when some future Premier would bo compelled to undo what the occupants of the Treasury benches had been doing. The Premier had drawn a comparison between the system of railway construction by land under his Government and tho systom pursued in America ; but as ho had been in America, be ought to know much better than to make such comparison. The American system of building railways by land was to make over largo areas in tho State in which tho railway was to bo built, to large companies, who were, generally speaking, moneyed individuals able to find sufficient capital to initiate the construction of the lines —who cnino to Europe and borrowed the money upon bonds issued upon the land for tuo purpose of making the railway. Where was the comparison between the American system and the Premier's? Hero the honourable gentleman forced the land into the market and compelled the lessees of land contiguous to the line to buy whether they liked or not. The Americans made their railways from the land, but tho capital which built tho railways was im ported from Europe. The Premier: That is what wo ore doing now. Mr. Macrossan said it was not. The honourable gentleman's remark showed that he did not sufficiently understand his own system. Further, tlie lands which helped to make tho American ruilwuys were not parcelled out as the land which helped to make the Western railway in estates of 00,000 acres and 40,000 acres to singlo ; individuals. Industrious settlers were ! settled along the line, who made tho railway pay. But now would it be if the system advocated that evening was carried out? There would be stations at long distances apart, and the intervening country along the line would be occupied by sheep and cattle ; whereas it should be in the bauds of hundreds and thousands of settlors, who would make tho railway pay. Honourable Memubus on tho Trea sury benches : Hear, hear. Mr. Macrossan said honourable mem bers opposite cried, "Hear, hear," but why did tboy not act up to tlicir professions? Why did they not, instead of selling these lands in areas of 00,000 acres to one com pany, and 40,000 acres to another, tako tbo means of settling farmers upon them? Whether they meant it or not, they had certainly proved themselves the most Con servative and Anti-progressive Ministry which had ever sat on those benches. Both the Prcmior and the Attorney-General seemed to deprecate tho carrying of these maiu lines into tho interior. They said tlicy did not wish to burden tbo people witn tbo taxation for thoso works, but tliey wcro practically imposing a greater burden by refusing to extend the lines to the dis tances by wbicli tboy would be made fully and entirely remunerative. By extending them only into a portion of the country, the people were compelled, through the want of paying traffic, to make up the deficiency of interest, whereas, if the lines wcro ex tended into the interior, every acre would bo occupied more or less, the traffic would be increased to such a degree that the lines would becomo payable, tho lands on each side would becomo valuable, the rental of the pastoral lessees benefited by tho lines could bo raised, and tho land, which would becomo valuable by tho making of tbo railway, could be sold gradually for tho payment of the interest whenever the traffic was deficient. If, however, they sold tho land beforo it was mado valuable by tho railways, they sacrificed it. Tlio princinlo advocated by the Opposition wos to mako tlio land valuable by tue construc tion of tbo railway, and sell it to advantage afterwards. The Darling Downs had beon spoken of that evening. It was at one timo tbo interior, being to Brisbane what the great interior boyond Roma was to tho metropolis now. The railway had mado the Darliug Downs accessible, and tho homo of thriving camps of industrious fanners ; and if they took their main trunk linos to other parts of tho colony where the land was equal to in some localities, and in others better than tho Darliug Downs land, tbo samo thing would occur. By refusing, however, to carry the lines into the interior, they prac- ticully.stoppcd the progress of the country, and left the interior a vast sheep and cattlo walk. Ho agreed with the Attorney-Gene ral that their immigratiou must be in creased to even a greater extent than was advocated by tho honourable member for Maranoa. ifo believed in doubling it in conjunction with the making of rail ways, but ho would not attempt to increase it boyond its present rate if tbo present Government, or any other that might- get into powor, would not tako up the makiug of railways with raoro energy. Tho Attorney-General said that the three main lines — the Northern, Contral, and Western — should be continued vigorously. Did he mean that soventccu miles per annum for the Central lino was pushing forward its con struction vigorously at a time when they had only that lino and tho Western in hnud ? If such was the rate of progress when only two lines were in hand, what would the honourable gentleman call vigorous oxtension when iivo or six liues were under construction ? If tho Govern ment had been a railway-making Govern ment, tho Charters Towers railway would now bo under construction. It was moro th&n.; three years sinco tiio survey wasi com menced, and yet, according to tlio Inst re- < port of tlio Enginccr- in-cbargo of Railway Surveys it baa not yet been determined which route should be taken over a rango not more than <100 feet high, and tlio ascent of which was so ensy. that travellers by the coach scarcely knew when they wero going over it. If thut was vigorous progress, ho hoped that some other Government would succeed the present, and show tlio country what the vigorous prosecution of railways really meant. He was certain that had. the honourable the Speaker. remained in office as Minister for Works, thirty miles of tlio .Charters Towers railway would now be completed, and the Roma line would liavo been finished. This week a further port ion of that line would be opened, lie believed, making only eighty miles constructed in moro than two years and u-lialf. If a country with such resources as they professed to believe this colony possessed could only coustrucl eighty miles of railway in two yearn and a-half at oue end, and seventeen miles in one year nt another— it was lime they stopped talking about its magnificent resources. If the Government had confidence in the resources of the colony, they would not be afrnid to go Into the construction of these works. They would not deprecate, as the Coloninl 'Treasurer had often done, going iuto the London market to borrow money. If the Colonial Treasurer liad confidence in tbo colony, he would be able to borrow money on easier terms even than they had been able to float their Inst loan ; but would they over establish confidence in tlio minds of the money- lenders by going into tlie market for driblets of loans of ono million at a time, and sometimes oven less? Hid not the experience of the money market show that those who had confidence in their resources, uy asking for Jarge loans, were . the individuals who commanded tho con fidence of those who had mouoy to lend P Tho money-lenders would take this colony at tho estimate of its resources formed by those who governed it. If tlicj' went into the London market and borrowed a suffi cient sum to carry on public works for . this country for three years, they would negotiate the loan on much easier terms than tboy wore able to got money now. He hoped that in future, when the Attorney- General addressed tho House, he would stop his pructico of continually deciying honourable gentlemen who sat 011 this side of tho House, as not being progressive. Tho honourable gentleman JtncwfuU well that whatever ideas prevailed on this side i at former periods, the polilicn! party, known as tho squatter's party, was.deud. The . Attorney-General knew, and every. member who was in. tho. House in 1870, know as well, that the ghost pf that political party was laid when they voted for the motion , which ho had just read. Prom tlmt moment to this, the object and aim of the , Opposition lind been to compel the Ministry to 00 moro progressive 111 making railways. . Tho Attorney-General and tho Colonial Treasurer wero members of a Miuistry j who compelled the present Speaker of tho House to leave their Tanks,: because they would not progress in railway-making. Some of the. members of the present Ministry, and especially the head of it, cry carefully absented Ihomselvcs from tho division. The present Promierhnd not the confidence or tho moral courage of his convictions. That honourable gentleman knew tbo Ministry then in office were not worthy of confidence as a railway-making Miuistry, saying so in even stronger terms than he had uscu to-night ; and yet, when it eamo to tho test he disappeared before tho division bell raug. and was found shortly afterwards a member of a Ministry bringing in a sham Bill for making railways from tlio sale of land, which he was compelled to alter in tho following session and to follow tho leadof the honourable member for Mara- noa, 011 tho ground that tlio Railway Re serves Act should not bo applied solely to the making of railways, but rather to pay ing the interest on loans. If the Premier . appealed to tlio country on this question — and ho had said he would oppose it to the bitter, end— ho would find that he would he compelled cither to accept the. principles of tho motion or to leave office. Tho country wns fully confident in its resources — much more so than tho members of the Ministry, and the people were hotter judges of its resources than those . gentlemen with all tho means of acquiring information they had at their command. Ho would ask now, as he asked two years ago, did honourable members wish the country to remain a largo cattle-camp or a sheep-walk ? If they did, then let them refuse to nmko railways into the iuterior. . If they wished the country .to be developed and settled and made the most of, and population and rovonuc to bo increased, the only way to secure thoso ; benefits was to make railways into tho in- tenor. So fur from popular constituencies being opposed to railways, as suggested by the Attorney-Genera), ho believed thero was not a popular constituency 111 the country, if a ppcalcd to, but would vote for the making of railways into the interior. Bris bane itself would do so, lie felt quite sure. "Why deprecate tho mukingof railways, then ? There was an inconsistency in tho Attbrnev- Gcncral's conduct, of which ho scarcely seemed to be aware. An additional loan of three millions would raise tbo public debt of tho colony to twelve millions Tho present indebtedness of the colony, accord ing to tho statement of tho Colonial Trea surer, was £-18 per head. By borrowing three millions more, and initiatinga vigorous system of constructing railways and other public works, and increasing tho population by immigration for other live years at tho same ratio ns for tho quinquennial period ended in 1876, the result would bo tuat in in 1881 the indebtedness of tho colony would bo £2 per licnd less than nt present. Thero was a policy for the Premier to tnko up. By increasing tho debt of the country and making railways,' population was in creased, and tho comparative indebtedness of the colony was reduced from £48 to £-16 nor head; and yet the gentlemen on tho Treasury benches seemed to have no con fidence in tho country over which they were ruling. He would just sny one moro word. Tho gentleman who had held office in tho present Ministry, had been accused time after time of danghngparticular public works before certain members for tho pur pose of getting their support. It struck him to-night that when the Premier was enun ciating his policy of tho immediate future that lie was doing the same thing. He (Mr. Macrossnn) watched him carefully, and noticed that wliencvor lie mentioned apar- tlcular railway, ho turned towards the hon ourable member who represented the con stituency in which it was to bo constructed. Ho turned round to sco tlio effect tho an nouncement would have on tho person whom ho was specially addressing. When tho Prcmior begun to talk about tureo main lines of railway, bo forgot, that the hon ourable member for Kenuedy sat. on tho Opposition sido of tho IIousc, and on remembering it, he said that probably there might bo three main lines of railway. He did not accuse tlio Premier of dangling, but ho assured him and his colleagues that by constructing tlio public works at a snail N-pacc, tnoy . wero damaging tho country, by compelling pcoplo to pay interest on works that wero kopt un productive, and that thoy were in reality dangling theso works in tho faces of hon ourable members who wero anxious to have them constructed, just as much as if they dnnglod thorn bbforo commencing con struction. Whatever the consequences of this motion might be, ho hoped thut every honourable member who had tho good of tlio country at heart, would vote regardless of any personal interests they might have in tho policy of tho proscnt Government, or in keeping them in ollieo— thatthcy would vote for tho good of the country, careless whether the present Ministry retained office or whether it fell to tho lot of tlio honourublo member for Mitranoa. It should 'be a mutter of indifference who wero 111 oflleo as long as tho country was benefited, and ' it was- . no uso of tho Pre mier coming forward 111 his liigk-falutin' style, and declaring that the honourable member for Marauou bud 110 patriotism, be cause ho brought forward a motion of this kind, and was greedy of ofiico., In his (Mr. Macros Ban's), opinion, tho mail who opposed this motion was unpatriotic, and had not tho. good of tho country at heart, and that the Ministers; iii opposing tho motion, wero as greedy to retain ofiico as thoy accused tho honourable member for Marnuoa in being to obtain it. / , Air. Bailey said, be distinctly , remem bered tho time,' two years ago, when he fol lowed tlio honourable nicmoor for Kennedy 011 un almost similar occasion to the presont, after tliey as members of tho liberal party had been deliberately sold nud betrayed by the then leader of tfiiit party. Ho deeply regretted that ho could not ou tho present occasion support the honourable member in _ tho same way. ; Ho refrained from doing so, not from any feeling of goodwill towards tho proscnt Ministry, but because he did not sec tlio men who wero to follow them, in whom either lie, or his constituents, or the country, could have iuoro confidence and trust. The debate so far seemed to have branched into two directions. . In ono direction it had become 11 railway debate, and iu tho other a dobato oil a vole of want of confidence. He would address himsolf to it, first us a railway dobato. There wero thrco systems of railway construc tion. Thero wns, tlio American system, whero thoy wero constructed by privnto capitalists without tho control of the State. Then there was the colonial system by which railways were constructed by the State, and the State alone. There was also n third system, which consisted in tho construction of railways by public com panies with tho interest guaranteed by tbo State. Tbo greut'cpiuphunt ho had to find with our present system was, that in tho end it simply became a matter of log rolling. It was a system by which, whero u constituency could command a majority of tbo House, they could also command a railway. The construction of- railways by compunics, with the iuterest guuruntcpd by the State, operated in this way : ' Some enterprising men discovered a good route from one important part of the colony to the olher ; they saw that tliero wus a con siderable amount of traffic to bo curried, and they applied to tlio Government for permission to construct a railway from one lioint to the other. The' submitted plans and specifications to tho Government, who approved of them, and a certain sum was fixed, after consultation with the Government, ongincci's, upon; the . basis of these plans ; a foreign or English com pany was formed to construct tho lino, mid nil tlio Government had to do when tho work was 'constructed whs to guarantee a certain rate of interest on tho estimated cost, not upon the actual amount that might bo expendod in its construction. That system' had becu found to work well in nil thickly-populated countries, ; and ho looked forward to the time when it would bo introduced into Australia. It was that systom, and that alone, that would put an end to the wretched system of log- rolling they had now. Ho would now poiut ou , ns hit independent member, tho difference between tho railway policies of tho two sides of the House. Tho policy of one side, ho took to.be this: " We are in favour of railway construction in different parts of the colony ; and wo acknowledge the right of the pcoplo in the thickly- settled districts to railway construction equally with the unsettled districts." Tlio policy of the, other side was simply this : To construct all main trunk lines. Branch lines had been dragged in as it were by accident, for thero' was no doubt tbo policy., of tho Opposition ivas tlio construction of main truulc lines and nothing more. With regard to the Marybprough.mul Gyriipic line, to which rcfcrcnco hud been made, bo maintained that tho traffic between Maryborough and Gympie had exceeded the traffic of either the northern or the central lines. It had .been something immense, and the. gold- field of Gympio had added most materially to tbo progress and prosperity . of tho colony, and yet what took place tho other day, in the House? When he asked for £1,000 to bo 6pcnt on the roads of the main goldficlds of the colony) where wero tho members of I lie Opposition then? Why, not only would they not givo a 'railway there, hut thoy would not make a road, fit for a dray to go over. An Honouuaulk MbhdbrY Whero was uio Uovernment r . Mr. Bailey said lio did not want to know whero tlie Government were. What ho wanted to know was, if ho lost them, would ho get better men in their pliiccs ? lie failed to find them. No "doubt . an independent member might find fault with tho preseiit Government, and say tho laws they had passed wero not liberal land laws; but had not the honourable mem ber for Port Curtis told them 'that every law passed Ibis1 session had, been passed by tbo Opposition P Mr. Palmer : What land law lias been passod this session P Mr. Ba i ley said tho policy of tho. presont Government had uot been tbo policy of their parly, but a policy of conciliating the Op position; but was that aiiy reason why ho should support the Opposition in placo of tho' Government ? No ; for it was " better to have the devil you know" than tho devil you don't know." With regard to tho con struction .of main trunk lines of railway, there was 110 doubt they might be of great importance to the country, and of greater iiupbrtanco to large squatting firms, or of greater importance still to those who packed theso' squatting firms; hilt ho dis puted the1 right of thoso' firms, rich and lowerful as thoy might be, to tax tho labourers of tho colony to make miles and ' miles of railway through a desert. They wanted bruiich lines in tho settled districts whero tho people were. 'X ho people hud to pay for raUwaj's, nnd'thoy, bad; a right to enjoy thorn. Tt' was .very well' to talk about " opening up tho country." It wus a grarnl phrase, but it meant very little, especially when' they heard that ono lino by which it was: proposed to open up tbo country run 140 miles through a desert. When ho nskcd fdr 'a lino of twelve or fourteen miles to open up a coal district, so us to brhig ..the. very best coal in the colony to port, ' and to. 'settle a thriving mining population, it was ubsurd; hut when they talked of going 140 miles through a desort to some sheep stution, it wns a.fmo scheme, — a scheme that tho honourable member for Kennedy would Support. The only distinction between tlie two policies was, thut one sido would go in for main trunk lines, sacrifice the rest of the country, and .let .tho settled districts pay for those lines ; while the otlior side said-— whether, they would do it or not was another thing— that they were ready to niuko branch lines through tho settled dis tricts, and, if there was any overplus, it would ho devoted to tho cxtonsion of muiu trunk lines. . Ho thought tho first wus the fairer policy ; of the two, lind thut wns the policy lio should support. They, had' heard a great deal about the public works of tho colony not being carried oil with sufficient vigour, and ho admitted; that, the conduct of the Gov ernment withreard to railway matters had been to conciliate tho Opposition, wlioso policy was main trunk linos. But they had not bad un average of seventeen miles a-year in the Wide Bay and Burnett dis trict. ' They had been live years, and ho did. not think they had. readied seventeen miles yet. - But he hoped to see better times, and he could assuro the Government uud tho IIousc that when the ijext Parlia ment mot, the Wide Bay and Burnett dis trict might in a very straightforward way put its foot down and refuse to allow any main truuk lines to be carried out until justice was.dono to that district. It wus a thickly-populated district, and its residents were not to ho treated in tho future with the contempt they had been treated in the past They held a certain position in tho country and 'in that -House. It neither called 'itseir Northern)1 no'r! 'Control," nor Southern, and'yet it was ono 'of- tlio richest districts in tho colony j but 'it bad hitherto been sacrificed to tho interests of zhain trunk lines. With respect to the money pnrt of the quostion, ho did not think thoy would persuade the pcoplo of the colony that it was wiso: to borrow money for the banks to lond to' other people. As he took it, tho hunks were tho proper corporation to borrow money if they wanted to lend it to their customers ; but un attempt was being mado to raise a largo loan, the result of which wonid be, : that the money would bo placed in the banks, and when the Government came to ask for it' in a year or two, the, reply would bo, " Ob, wo will have, to put the scrow on our customers." The banks would lend tlie nioncy of the people, that every lubouring man was taxed for, and would draw ten, fifteen,' or twenty per cent, for it; but when asked by the Government for tho money thoy owed, they would say ." Wo must put tho screw on our customers." The same thing had occurred in Now South Wales ; and tor tho Government to bor row money for tbo purposo of ' placing it in tbo banks until it was wanted two or three years henco would bo the height of madness. It would bo simply a means of aggrandisement to tlio banks, while nomin ally it would hegiviugossistanco to trades men and squatters, for which tho labourers aud producers of the colony would bo taxed year after year. "When tho Govern ment wanted money for actual expenditure, lot thorn borrow it. To borrow monoy for tbo purpose of placing it in a bank, to bo called for at some f uturo timo, was a very bad policy iudeccl. They had the oxpon- cnco of Now South Wales in that matter, and a vory happy experience it bad been ; it might save us in the future many wrong steps. The Colonial Tteasucer said: T lis tened, sir, with considerable interest to the speech of tho honourable member for Mara- nou, butI must confess that I was very much disappointed with such1 a' small foundation for sucli a motion. I thought tlio 'honourable gentleman's motion, if ' it could not bo deemed original, would, at least; toud to keep him in» the fashion of ' tlm'othcr colonics with regard to financial policies. Wo sco that New Zealand says "Borrow," and Victoria and New South Wales 'say tlio sume, and I thought the honourable the leader of tho Opposition would also have said "Borrow to tho fullost extent," und thcroby relievo tho mind of that somewhat mythical person age) "tho highest financial authority" by resorting to the groat panacea for tuo tightness which is ullogcd to exist in tho money market at tho present time. . The motion of tlio honourable gentleman basuurroweditself down toa very small compass. Ho proposes to borrow in a form which to my mind is decidedly objectionable ; and it will perhaps bo moro convenient if I follow tho courso of bis remarks, which wero based- upon tho necessities of our financial position at the present time. It will bo my duty to start ut tbo basis upon wliick ho started, and to show that in reality liis npprehohsions concerning our position at tbo end of tlio present finnnoiui year, or tho tightness in tbo Treasury benches, hnvo no foundation in fact. Tho position I have all1 along taken up is, that supposing our latt loan hud- uot been successfully floated— and up to u week of the time it was iloated— con siderable doubts oxistcd in tho London money , murkct as to the result of that operation, which fortunately turned out so well. 1 say that hud that- loan not keen suc cessfully iloated, I have all along contended that we should not actuully require to put a loan before tho countiy this year; and hence my reticence, in making my Finan cial Statement, in referring to the desira bility of floating any further loan' this year, inasmuch us, had that Statement appcarod, it w ould undoubtedly bavo dis turbed tho tenders which were received for tho loan just then being offered in tho London market. My view is fully borne out by tbo latost Stock Exchange' report, received only thrco days ago ut the Trea sury, which states that up to tho week within which tho lust loan was floated, considerable doubt existed iu tho mar ket amongst capitalists and. others as to investing in colonial securities, but by a partial dissipation of tho gloom connected with tho Eastern question, . those securities rose in favour, tho first investment bciug tho Queensland loan, followed by the New Zealand 6 per cent, loan, both of which wero tendered for 'at a much higher price than- could possibly havo been obtained if 1 placed in the market a fortnight earlier.1 T did not givo prominence, in my l'iuancial Statement, to u question of a louu this ses sion, becuusc if the lust loan had not been successfully iloated, it might not have been a seasonable proposition to submit' to the country. When that loan was ilouted, the day aftcrmyFiimneialStutehicnt was made, in replying to a remark, I intimated that tho bauds of tho Government wero freo to consider what further action would bo taken in tho matter of u loan. Considering some small works which hud been pro mised, and thinking it desirable at tho iresent time not to press the land' mur- cot on ' account of the ' construction' of thoso lines, I intended ' to : submit & loan this session, which I trusted .would he of moderate dimensions. To that uxpres . sion of opinion I adhere, and with the permission of the House, I shall slum before I sit down that my intention is quite justified by our proscnt tinuueial position. The honourable member for 3£ itranoa bases liis motion on what he terms the erroneous calculations, I have made concerning the requiromonts for tho present year, and ho assumes that the expenditure out of loan will be at least £1,200,000. It will be seen thnt wo do not materially differ on tlmt: point, if the honourable gentleman will fairly place before the committee my report in the Financial Statement. I osti- mated the probable expenditure out of loau at £960,000, and I further informed the committee that £180,000 out of land would ho required for the lines already authorised. Provision, therefore, would he required from loan and railway reserves together, to tho extent of about £1,200,000, tho amount stated by the honourable gentleman. Our expenditure, out of loan, during the year just expired was £722,000 ; and out of railway reserves for tho same period tho expenditure was £102,000 ; in all, £885,000 for tho year. Wo purposed to expend out of loan this year £960,000. We have at the present time in the bunks of Englaud and the colonics, at tho coin mand of the Treasury, £1,600,000. Of that, only £46,000 belongs . to rovouuo. Deducting the £960,000, nenrly £700,000 remains availablo to carry out tho public works of the colony. I therefore say that I have fully maintained tho viow of the financial position I all along assumed— namely, that there was no necessity at tho present time to enter into loan, simply for fear of running dry at the end or tho financial year. I quite admit llmt if we had not obtained the results of the snles of land for tho purposes of tho prosecution of railways within tho railway reserves — as the unfavourable season seemed to indicato — then it would havo been necessary for tho Government to make provisions, both for the small works to which I havo referred, and also for such an addi tional amount as may bo required, to proceed with tho lines to which tho country is committed. With that view the Loan Estimates were framed by mo some days ago ; they aro now in my possession, and I slmll at onco read them to the House, trusting that thoy will he passed. Tlioy provide for the construction or those linos of railway to which the country is committed; but tho larger question to which tho Premier lias adverted must stand over, and I consider ought to stand over for tho consideration of tho new Parliament. Such a loan as the undertak ing of those works would involve must bo of such dimensions that the maintenance of it would he a thing impossible to forecast, and it would necessitate a careful con sideration of tho whole fiscal policy of the country. Wo should have a right to con sider, before introducing such a loan, our seheino of taxation, una to see on whom the incidence of taxation would fall in prosecuting public works sanctioned under tiie larger policy to which tho Promicr lias adverted. The loan to ask this session docs not require anything more than a more statement of how the interest will be pro vided. Tho larger portion will be a charge upon tho construction of thoso linos of railway for which it furnishes funds ; and on the smaller amount the interest will be of that light character which is not likely to ho any seriouB derangement to the revenue. I mention this Lccauso I am of opinion that it is incumbent upon us to consider, not so much whero wo ought to borrow, as what we ought to borrow. Wo can now borrow well ; our credit stands high, and there is no reason to suppose it will be impaired. J3ut tlmt is not a reason why wo should commit tho country to ob ligations without fully considering for what purposes tho money is to ho employed. That question is one which should no well ventilated, referred to tho couutrv, and finally decided by tho country. By bor rowing for the lines of railway at present authorised, and not committing the country to any fresh scheme, we shall relieve tho Treasury of tho slightest chance of being inconvenienced, even if there should ho no laud sales during the next twclvo months. Tho total amouut of tho proposed loau is £1,080,000. For tho lines of railway at present authorised we invite a vote of £800,000, the particulars of which I shall now give : For thy Warwick and Stanthorpo Railway wo ask £150,000; Dalby to Itoma, £150,000 ; M nryborought to Gyinpie, £100,000; Bundaherg to Mount Perry, £100,000; Comet to Emerald Downs, £100,000. To remove the slightest appre hension that tho lino of railway will cease when it reaches Emerald Downs, wo invite for tho extension of tho lino westward a loan vote of £100,000; and £ 100,000 will bo devoted to the construction of tho Townsville townrds Charters Towers line. That will make up tho £800,000 wo intend to ask for the construction of railways, which tho country bus already sanctioned. For railwuy surveys, £20, (XX) is devoted. For drainage, water-supply, and roads in municipalities wo ask £50,000 to carry us on, uutu the now Parliament shall have hud an opportunity of consider ing the very much larger amount which will he required under the working of the Local Government Bill, which bus just passed this Chamber, For immigration, wo intend to ask £50,000.. Tho present loan balance under this hend is £165,000, which would be quite sullicient for over twelve months' supply. Itlins been thought desirable, however, that every Loan Esti-i mates which make further provision for tho carrying on of public works, should, also make provision for a continuous supply of immigrants. For harbours and rivers wo ask £100.000. 1 With regard to this vote I may refer to what was said by tho hon ourable member 'for Maranoa, who com plained of tho inadequate manner in which the dredging of the Brisbnno river was being' proceeded with, and also that the alterations which had been made did not improve tho navigation of the channel. I may briefly say, in answer to that, tlmt until all obstructions are removed in the chan nel, no matter how deep portions of tho channel may be dredged, a small ob struction will impede the whole of the navigation. Until tho wliolo of the scheme, therefore, is completed, no perceptible im provement will bo found. The Engineer of Harbours and Rivers, according to his original estimate laid before me, intended that tho work should be extended over ten years, and cost about £117, 'XX). It has since been decided to procure a second dredge for tho Brisbane river, and with the two dredges working simultaneously, it is expected that tho work, which would havo taken ten years, inay possibly be done in four. A provision is also made for u dredge for the Fitzroy River, together with all necessary dredging plant, to enable a largo amount of work to be doito with it. Provision is also asked to make the Towns- villo jetty of stone instead of timber, and carrying itoutto the distance originally pro posed. I merely refer to these items to show what works are embraced in this proposed sum of £ 100,000. The Engineer's report suggests a much larger sum, us it embraces several new works, tho larger portion of which must stand over until tuo framing of tho Loan Estimates next year. For defences wo ask £10,000, and for buildings £50,000, making in all £1,080,000. This amount will he quito sufficient to remove any npprohension of tightness in the Trea sury chest, oven to tho ond of tho next eighteen months ; and it lias this merit — namely, .that it can bo placed on tho Lon don market at once, in globo. If sanc tioned, it can be so arranged tlmt it shall bo ready for disposal inAi>rilor May of next year, which will bo quito time enough to replenish tho Treasury from Loan Ac count. If obtained earlier, the money would havo to bo employed temporarily in some other direction ; nnd in matters of that kind, I think wo shall do well to taker warning by wlmt has been going on in Now South Wales. As long as I havo the. honour of being in tho Treasury depart ment, I shall set my faco ngainst public funds being so placed that the Government cannot remove or disposo of them when oc-. casion requires. I think tho pyndual in creasing disposition of linnucicrs in the Australian colonies to get such large amounts of public money for the purposes of trado is an ovil of by no means the least magnitude, thnt we hare to deal with. I do not intend to enter into any disserta tion upon tho operations of tho banks, as they themselves are tho best judges of their own businesses, but in tho interests of the people and the State, I do object to tho funds of the State being so locked up as to preclude tlioir being withdrawn und con verted to the purnosos for which they woro originally granted. That is a danger which I am most desirous to avert in this way, tlmt if a small loan is authorised, I should not pluco it in the London market until there was an actual necessity for so doing, until, in fact, the money was required. I will suggest, whilst on this subject, thnt honourable members make a comparison of the loan liabilities in the sister colonics and our own, not that wo have any reason to fear a comparison, but it is always well to beur in mind our own position. Vv o havo at the present time a loan debt of £9,011,286, which represents a liability of £44 per head of tho population, and the pro portion of interest annually to tho revenue is 27 per cent. Tho honourable member for Maranoa proposes to borrow three millions of mouoy ; und how, then, will our indebtedness stand? It will ruiso it to £i2, 000,000, or represent a debt per head of the population of £58. I will point out to the House that if this loan is authorised, although it may only be contracted in in stalments, it will still iiguro as so much liability per head at once. In New Zealand, oven with an indebtedness of £2:1,000,000, tho debt per head only ranks at £56, whereas, by increasing our debt from £9,000,000 to £12,000,000, wo shall bring up our indebtedness per head to £58. Now South Wales has a debt of £11,724,419, representing only £22 per hend, and Victdriu, with her debt of £17,000,000, represents an individual indebtedness of £29. Although I adduce these statements, and althougli wo appear by them tho most heavily-taxed commun ity, still, if tho country deliberately sanc tions such an obligation with a full know ledge of things as tliey are, I do not think that tho obligation should cause nny terror in the minds of colonists. I have, as 1 have often remarked, every faith in the elasticity of this colony ; but I repeat that wo should see that the moneys raised are not raised simply because we liuppeu to stand in good repute at home, but we should sec that there is no waste engen dered by the knowledge of baring too much money in the exchequer. 1 wa« cer tainly disappointed, sir, at the manner in which the honourable member for Maranoa introduced Ibis very important and momen tous motion ; I say momentous, for I be- licvcitisrogarded throughout the length and breadth of the land, as a motion drawn np not Only with reference to the present, but also with # regard to the future of the colony. Sir, I did think, when the hon ourable member introduced such a motion, that he would have told us more plainly than he did how he intended to apply the large sum which he proposed to borrow. He certainly made some statement, but it was one which was most unsatisfactory — one certainly that I should not liave ex pected from the honourable gentleman. He proposes a sum of £650,000 for branch railways ; but can he expect the JCoum; to place any reliance on such a projx>rition after lust session? "Why, the honourable gentleman then said he would not be a party to support any branch lines of railway unless they were clearlv defined. Yet now he conies and ask's this House to sanction a scheme, part of which is for an expenditure of £350.000 on branch railways, which he himself declined to specif). It would be far better for lbe honourable gentleman to relieve himself from the implication lie so strongly de nounced, and tell us on wliat brand/line this sum is to be spent. Out of the £6,000,000, the honourable member appro priates £650,000 for branch lines and £2,000,000 for the extension of main lines, and in connection with these main lines, I may observe that I do not think there was an' occasion for the honourable member for Kennedy to light a shadow in the way he did this evening by denouncing the Government as if they did not in tend to proceed with the main trunk line. Nothing has been stated by the Gov ernment this evening, or at any other time, to warrant such an assumption ; and I may say that the Government are as alive as over to the necessity of continuing their main trunk lines. I quite agree, however, with my honourable friend the Premier that when these trunk Hues arc carried out into the interior, mid when we sec that suin of £2,000,000 is proposed for the con struction of lines for the convenience of ; certain pastoral tenants, it is high lime that those persons who arc not in any way benefited by such lines should be relieved from tho liability. The honourable mem ber for Maranoa, when referring to his proposed loan to municipalities, mentioned tlmt the accounts iu connection with these loans were iu a state of chaos. Now, sir, that is not exactly correct, for I can say inot confidently that the accounts in connection ; with municipalities have been reduced to a state of order, and the interest has been : paid most regularly. I do not anticipate tlmt any difficulty cau arise in connection with loans to municipalities, and for water- supply, so long as the accounts are kept iu the Treasury in the same way as tliat in which llicy now are. "Whatever opinions may be held on both sides of the House in regard to this very captivating motion of tho honourable meuilier for Maranoa, he has made one omission. He comes down and proposes to raise three millions on loan, but docs not say one single word of tho interest to be paid on it. If the honourable member intended to treat the country to an extra liability of three millions, he should have shown that he b»d well considered the scheme, and Iiavc jjointed out how the interest was to be paid. No man, no Treasurer has a right to comedown and propose a loan without showing that lie has considered his ways and means and how tho interest on such a loan is to be paid. Tho honourable member should have told us bow lie intended to provide the £160,000 which will be annually due for interest by his scheme ; but be lias not given the information the House has a right to demand from him. Then be tells us that ho does not want to borrow im mediately, but that he intends to have his debentures at home, available, and to place them in tho market when necessanr. Now, I think, sir, it would have been tar better if thchoiiourublo member had stated that be intended to realise the three millionsat once, bring it to the colony, and produce what were termed " golden times " in the colony once more. That is no doubt what many wish to sco — persons who are merely birds of passage. I think the honourable mem ber has been amazed with his own motion, aud that on re-consideration, and viewing it with nil its concomitants, he will fee! that it bus not bud bestowed on it that considera tion which so important a matter deserve. Again, as to looking ahead, to use the expression of the honourable member for Fort Curtis, how far can we look ahead with a loan of three millions with the expenditure going ou at the present rate? It will not lust two years. After the new' Parliament has met a considerable portion of it will bo available, no doubt, for opera tion during tbo financial year, but we required to look far ahead, and I consider the amount altogether insufficient, and that tho Premier's plan, when ratified by Parliament, will considerably exceed the amount of three millions which the honourable member for 31"ara!joa has mentioned. I was rather amused at the earnestness with which the lion- ourablcmember for Kennedy supported ibis laigelosn, It i bn t lat y car t ha t the honour abjcwcmber.withthreloqnericcflonaturalto httu, dcnotm-cd in unm-a-wred term, the centralizing policy of the Government, and gave notice of thi motion ; — "Thai the people of the Northern dufrict, nana g x-re-ral time tbrongfi their representa tives auked the Government for an equitable apI/Kti'smaeM of the public debt, ami distri bution of the public revenue; and such ttqtxrt laving been refwed, therefore it u ihriraUe in the in iemU of good government tliat no fort her addition. he made to the public of the colenv for of her than general pnr- V"!V\ Hutl an apportionment of tho 31 debt ztx 1 of the general distribution of tho revenue be provided for by law." Now, I have not beard that the honourable member for Maranoa proposes that his Loan Bill should be accompanied by a Bill doling w ith Financial .Separation, or a re arrangement of the National debt, I heard nothing about trunk lines in the northern district of the colony. The hon ourable member for 3faranoa's references are to the Central and Southern districts. 3Ir. 3UTlwuxitii : No. The CiU>zt.\h Teeiscseb : Even as suming tliat the honourable member refer red to Charts-re Towers, the extension of that line would not of itself meet the hon ourable member for Kennedy's views in anything like a jrnt apportionment of tho funds of the colony. In session and out of x-ssion, the honourable member for Kennedy is a known advocate of a re adjustment of the public debt, and he has intimated that no loan estimate would give bin satisfaction that does not show upon it a sfitlieieni sum to represent the propor- tion of the capital debt of the colony, which ought to have been disbursed in the North. I did not hear the honourable member for Maranoa mention that ho would meet the honourable member for Kennedy in ibis matter, and I waa, therefore, agreeably surprised that tho motion should have elicited anch warm cm-opiums from the honourable mem- her iu the f ace of the entire absence it aM' '"bntion of the public debt a x the honourable member might desire. The honourable member for Ken nedy pointed out that we have no right in the present session to go in for one million, if we have no right to go in for three mil- lion. ; that is to say, if Parliament had no right to deal with three millions, it is equally incapable of dealing with one million. That 18 .a yVf f ""scion, argument. The one million X afck for docs not embrace any new worts of that magnitude that the country requires to Ire consulted about them ; tho greater portion is for lines already author ised, whereas the loan of three millions which the leader of the Opposition eon- templates is, one tliat pledges the cour tly to a large amount of new under takings that will not Ire satisfied even by the loan which he has described. It is the introduction of a largely augmented policy of public works which the country ought to have the opportunity of pro nouncing a verdict upon ; and in this view of the case, my honourable colleagues and myself are thoroughly in unison and think '« a YiT ,r<«'g reason why the new Uouso should hare the opportunity of pronouncing a verdict upon what is proposed to be done. Iu the new House there must be twelve new members, and in a House of fifty-five, that will represent the balance of power ; and, whoever represent the Ministry, thoy should have the opportuni ty of pronouncing upon the jiolicy, and reviewing it fully and fairly, before this House, in its elosing moments, attempts to load the future with art amount of obligation which they havo not had an opportunity of expressing any opinion upon. I therefore contend that the member for Maranoa has mado out no case whatever, and I repeat I arn much disappointed— nnd I nm sure the country will be disappointed when they read the reports of this even ings debate — at the miserable contraction of that policy which they were led to be lieve would have been offered. I havo maintained the position I took np both on the Financial Statement anil upon the debate this evening, which is virtually a reconsi deration of tlm Financial Statomcnt,brought at a most inopportune period. If the honourable gentleman had boldly enun ciated liis policy by moving an amendment upon the Financial Statement it would havo been upon some intelligent grounds, and it would have placed him and tho Government in a ooxition in which a true issue would come before the country. But lie wants tho House blindly to commit themselves to this policy of the loan without satisfying thera, as he 1 bound to do, that he is prepared to- appropriate that money for the general in- ter est of the country, and that he is -pre pared to provide for the annual increase accruing upon it— an item of no 'consider able magnitude—without ir.crcasin" tho burdens of the taxpayers cf the colony. Iu all these points the honourable gentleman had failed. My object in ri ing at this Into period of the even ing. w to place before honourable mem bers what the Government intend to do. Had I waited til! to-morrow evening, it might he said that I had changed my front and Hiaped my policy from what I had learned from the other side. If snch an idea exists, let me >ay it has no found ation whatever. All along the Government have had their policy delineated, and hay© been prepared to introduce it. Honourable members must remember, when it is asked why a Loan Bill was not introduced, that it was only last week we got through, the Colonial Secretary's Estimates, and wo were seven days in committee beforo wo did so. Even at the present timo wo bare only got balf through the Estimates, and any impartial observer will agree with me that the Government havo not been negligent in not introducing their Loan Estimates earlier. As my honourable colleague lias said, if anyone doubted our sincerity in tho matter, why not havo asked mo when the Loan Esti mates would be brought down, and I could havo afforded him the information. Tho pdlicy of introducing Loan Estimates ac companied 'by a Loan Bill X havo alwavs asserted, and it is ail tho country can at tho present time expect us to introduce, and I shall decline to commit the financial affairs of the country to any larger obligation before a new Parliament has the oppor tunity of fully considering the policy of tbo Government, for such an extended schemo of public works as that involved in tho honourable gentleman's motion. Beforo sitting down, I must again take exception to tho honourable member for Kennedy's re marks upon our public works policy. He says wc havo boon retrogressive, and I dony it. In 1873 tho nnnual expenditure upon public works was £372,000, and in 1878, wo aro spending £1,000,000. Yet wo arc charged with being lethargic, and apathotic. Probably notlung I enn say will affect tbo voting upon tuis question, but I have tlie satisfaction of appealing to a larger tribunal with tho confidence that the country nt largo will not err in pro nouncing who has best administered its . finances; On the motion of Mr. Gnooir, tho dobate was adjourned till fiSiosday next. Tho Honse adjourned at fifteen minutes past 10 o'olock. By Authority: JTaiibs O. Bhal, Government Printer, William etrcot, Brisbane. : 