OUR OPEN COLUMN. NOTICES TO CORRESPONDENTS. Correspondents must enclose name and address, not for publication, but as a guarantee of good- faith. We in all cases claim the right to abbreviate or correct communicationa. Correspondents who persist in writing on both sides of the paper, in violation of our rule, cannot expect their com munications ta be published. Temperance. — B This virtue, and it is as much a virtue as patience in the nine teenth century, does not agree with parsons/' a correspondent writes to say. 'It is reported that two ministers, both strong advocates of temperance and i comparatively young men, have been, or are about to be, superannuated on account of ill-health.' T., a sheepfarmer in one ef the southern districts, bewails the class of labor he is obliged to employ on his station, and says he has sent for some Chinese coolies. He adds, referring to the European station hands, ' I don't stand a ghost of a chance to make sheep- farming pay. This class of rascals are positively fear less of God or man ; the obscene language made use of by them is hor rible, and the blasphemy most repulsive. In Adelaide the law is very strict in regard to this, but I never hear of any one being brought to book for it here. Fortunately the majority of my children are absent, and I would prefer following j them to the grave to seeing them brought i op in the midst of such scoundrels. In ' illustration I told them that I would feel obliged if they would not use M bad language,' and they positively had the ? audacity to tell me that they couldn't work without' What am I to do t Two flocks of sheep are washed, ready I for shearing, and there are no other i shearers in the district to be bad. I do ' hope you wOl by your able pen assist j to blot out this fearful drawback to the i colony. Advocate, by every possible means the Chinese laborer, for, as Gover nor Ord correctly observes, they as a class are not near as bad in vice and crime as the poor man (I) of the period. I have worked Chinamen both on land and water ; they were never troublesome in any way, bat always willing and thrifty. I need not add that they were scrupulously abstemious, and you would fail to find their names recorded in the books of the Courthouse.' H. M., Kortham.— Certainly ; then is no distinction. If, as you say, a country postmaster keeps a printing press for jobbing-work purposes, he sets the . Governor's order at defiance. In the same way in the other case you suggest the clerk of a Local Court would render himself liable for carrying on a com mercial agency. Mechanic complains of the closing of the Public Gardens on Sunday. We haven't space for his letter this week. EL H. Baia.— Received. 