GENERAL NEWS. ;r. ;His Excellency, the Governor Held an Executive Council at GovernmentHouse.yester day.'. On Tuesday, evening, August 27, the first . .of a series, of \three lectures on! V Political ■ Economy-was delivered.: by" Mr; Smythe," B.AC.E., of the Norsyoocb Model School, in .. 'connection with., the Norwood Baptist Church Yottng Men's Society. . The. attendance : "was fair, and the lecture, which was highly inte resting and; instructive, was much appreciated. v- On Wednesday, morning, August 28, a. . ' deputation of farmers and others in the Hundred . of Dalkey, introduced-byMessrs. .H! E. Bright," M.P., and J. Bosworth, M.P., waited on. the \- Commissioner of "Public Worts, with reference to the site of the proposedstation on'the Hamley. ;Bridge and . Balaklava Eailway,-.abput "seven, ' miles from.the former place."*Some time ago. _-Bright; presented a 'm.emo^l;-.t»..the!., . fCummissionar,//d3tlng that-inl addition to. ^■ -^hejsftation r sanctioned by> Parliament Vahother ;•> station"/should Jjjel erectedT-oh. Section:; 92, , Tabout s.eyen milesfrom HamleyBridge, rlt 'was-. ^ ithenjiointed; out ithatias eight Toads anet near, j this:; particular point, a station would prove'a ".great benefit to the settlers in the neighborhood, (hi!; these, representations the.^Oommissioner . .^opk uponjhimself tjieiresponsibillty of acceding:' 'totheirrequest,- 'Since that time, rhowever, it'" ha^be^ found neccepary to make a considerable de^iation.in the line, and; the Government, it waS said, fixed: upona site for the station ad nearly as. possible to'Section 92. The dhputntiim appeared ' •, to think thafctfie station was not placed in . the most convenient position, and they questioned \- the propriety of making the-devia,tion, which it . was stated.would carry the traffic away half-a rdniie frpm.Vjthe ' junction of the roads. The .Engineer-in-Chief pointed, .out the necessity-which -existed for-making the deviation", and endeavored to show; that the pror posed site.:was the best one under the circum stances.; .The Commissioner, saidj the question appealed to him much like one* of splitting a straw. The deputation could not expect the . position to >uit every one, and he! did not think there was much to complain of.; Mr. 'Bright concurred, and said he thought the . station had been placed at the- most convenient .point. "... ' '■; '• •!•;. • The rainfall,frqmd&ffi.;" oil" Tuesday to the, same, .hour oh Wednesday, August 28, is registered as follows' Adelaide ' .V. 0*260 Auburn. . ... 0:720 Blanchetown .. 0 030. CapeBorda ...0*230 Cape Jervis ... 0*055 Clare ... ... ; OrldO Gawler ... 0*230 Goolwa '*..: 0 200 Gumeracha ... 0*330' Georgetown ... 0170 Gladstone ... 0220 Kadina ... 0*240' Kingscote ... 0*120 Kingston 0280 Kooringa ' ... 0*105 Kapnnda ... 0-200 Laura ... ... 0*075 Meningie ... 0 270 Millicent ... 0*195 Marinum ... 0*110 Moonta ..; _ 0*26J Mtl Barker :... 0*310 Mti Gambier ...; ',0*100 Mt.'Eleasant ...^ 0 250 Mount Torrensf- 0*026 Noarlungi 0*470 Norinanville ... 0*320 Overland Corner 0*040 Penola ... 0*358 Port Elliot , 0*130 PortBirie *..:,'0*070 Port Wakefield 0*230 Redhill ... 0100 Rivertoh ... ,0*250 Robe :... 0280 Strathalbyn ... 0*255 Tauunda ;... 0 225 Wallaroo ... 0 200 Willunga' ... 0*490 The following is Wednesday morning's weather report on"the Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph line:—Beltana, calm, threaten ing; Strangways; Springs, strong, cloudy, dull, threatening; .Peake,. strong, cloudy; few drops rain; Charlotte Waters,.very,strong, clear, fine;' Alice Springs, light," cloudy, fine; Barrow Creek; light; cloudy,,warm; Tennanlr;Creek, strong, few clouds, warm; Powell Creek, light, clear,, fine,,pleasant; Daly Waters, light, clear, fine, -pleasant; 'Katherine, -light, clear, fine, Warm; . Pine Creek,light, clear, fine; Yam Creekjcalm,. cloudy, warm ; Southport, light, clear, fine, warm; Port Darwin, very light, clear, fine, warm.I The Superintendent of Telegraphs for warded us the following message on Tuesday evening:—"Batavia reports that the cable between Batavia and Singapore is working intermittently." The tone of the telegraphic news from Europe this morning: is of a character which cannot but cause uneasiness. The cruelties recently practised by the Bulgarians on the un fortunate . inhabitants of the newly-created province of Eastern Roumolia seem to have : been the subject of complaint to England by the ..Porte, and the Marquis of Salisbury, in response : to j the. appeal of the Sultan, has addressed a letter to the Cabinet of St. Petersburg, rightly thinking that in doing so he was going to the fountain- head, as it 'is absurd to suppose the commander of the Muscovite" forces in the'pro vince could not prevent the outrages if" he wished to do so. No official answer to the remonstrance would appear yet to have been given by the Czar, but the inspired announce ments that he resents the interference of Great Britain in the matter speak anything but favor ably of the cordiality of the feeling existing in Russia towards England. : . • ; - A telegram has been received stating that the premises of Mr J W. Brix, at Eiidunda, have been destroyed by fire. .. Six -tenders were received for a section of the drainage of .the River Sturt, and that of W.Sutherland was accepted at ll£d. per cube yard. Two tenders were received for; clearing a road in the Hundred of Kilkerran, and that of Henry Roach at £22 was accepted, Among the passengers who arrived on Tuesday morning by the steamer Aldiriga from Melbourne was the Rev. Thos; Williams, of Victoria. The Rev. A; Kaibiire, a native Fijian -minister, was to have accompanied Mr. Williams, but was unavoidably detained in Melbourne, and "will" come by the next steamer. .These gentlemen are visiting this colony as a deputa tion, .from the Australasian Wesleyah Foreign :Mission Society, and will during their stay conduct services in various circuits connected • with that Church. \- Now that the hot weather is rapidly ap proaching the public will no. doubt be glad to hear that a proprietary has been formed in Adelaide for the manufacture of ice on a large scale. The necessary machinery has been' im ported, and is being, erected in a suitable building at Thebarton, and will, it is expected, be ready for work in the course of a few weeks. The;icewill he produced in large blocks, and nob in slabs, as has hitherto been the case in this colony, and the proprietary promise to supply. the luxury at a price that will bring it within the reach of all classes. At the Government land sale on Tues day, August.27, the area of land offered was 64,414 acres, in. the Hundreds of Boolcunda, Mayurra, Wallaroo, Onkaparinga, Tarcpwie, Moorowie, Joanna, Oladdie, Tickera, Wandearah, and Waterhouse, and improved lands in the Hundreds of Coolinong, Palmer, and Finniss. Forty-six persons obtained land, the area selected being 13,388J acres, for which £22,375 lis. 6d, was covenanted to be paid. The average price \- obtained was £113s. 5d. per acre; and the highest price for any section was £10 10s. per acre for eight acres, Hundred of Onkaparinga, about five miles from Norton's Summit. A little more than a month ago a 'depu tation of the Royal Agricultural and Horticul tural Society's Committee- waited on the Commissioner of Crown Lands to ask the Go vernment .to allow of . the extension 'of- the Exhibition Grounds. The Society had surren dered all hope of taking in any portion of the \- Botanic Garden or Park Lands, and they requested I that they might be. allowed: to extend, "their ; southern fence so as to include some portion of I the Hospital grounds. It was then stated by;the Commissioner that' if the Hospital authorities would consent "to- let the. land at,a nominal rental the Government would offer no opposi tion. .The Secretary applied to the Hospital Board, and: the 'request was", acceded to"., :.Tbe , old fence,has been pulled down, and a Substan tial galvanized iron fence is now .being' erected, so as to add-about an acre and-a half or two acres to the Exhibition Grounds. This land was simply used for grazing purposes, and will , not -he a. great loss to the Hospital, but will prove, of 'immense advantage to. the Agricul tural Society. •' .. A meeting of gentlemen wa3 held in the vestry of Pine-street Church, on Tuesday after noon, August 27, to take, steps.to.arrange.for a presentation to the Rev. S. Knight, who on account of a serious; breakdown in health is compelled to relinquish his ministerial work for a.time, and seek in a sea:voyage the restoration, of his strength, which the severe. Btrain of many years of , active .labor ;in connection with the Wesleyan Church has greatly impaired. The meeting was large . and representative, ■ many .gentlemen ;from:- the country being present. General and cordial were • the expressions of regard for Mr. Knight, and sympathy with him in his affliction, and the hope was expressed. that before long he would return with renewed; vigor to oontinne his much valued labors ;in the colony. It was resolved that subscriptions. should be collected towards a purse of money. ■ A handsome sum was at once subscribed in the' room, and no doubt a large amount will be raised. The. rev; gentleman, accompanied by r Mrs, Knight,, leaves, by the.: Lusitania next . month. . v - - .... The Sydney' MopiingJZerahl, says-=f"It is obvious that our South Australian neighbors ■) : are looking forward to the time, which is not ■ far distant, when mails and passengers arriving J from England will he landed at Port Adelaide -j and forwarded,by railway to Melbourne, Sydney, t and Brisbane,, It must be pretty .clear to all ! who closely, study .the matteriilrat in a few years the mails at whatever port arriving! will he dis tributed intercplpniffily ' by! railways. The Torres Straits mails for southern ports will all be -landed at Brisbane, the American mails will be distributed from Sydney, and the mails via Suez will all be put ashore > in " Holdfast Bay. This point ought clearly to he borne in mind by the Governments both Colonial . and Imperial that are now contemplating a renewal of. the postal* service via' Suez. We do not know for how many years it is. proposed to renew that service, nor .-can we say how- long- it .will be before Bfisbahe,JSydneyi and "Adelaide areicon nedtod by rail. But; with, anything like energy \- thisconhection ought to be" cempletein.at least five years, and no ihail contract should'exceed that term."f r / v _ • .;. y - • " ■The Adelaide GheasTournament is now -drawingtoa close.* AIL the players, with* the : exception of Messrs. Steele, Elltot; •Govetfc, Bertram, Macdonald, Bunnell, andKlisser,have; completed their games, and those will , probably \- be finished in the course'of another week. V- Mr. ; Mann has withdrawn from the match, and his ' gdmeV-go to 'his jwould-be competitors, Messrs. MacdonaIdji:Machin,;and Melyin, by default. On -Tuesday evening, August-27, there was a good ' attendance at the Club, and three match games were completed. In these Messrs. Bertram, "Funnell, and Stanton were victorious over Messrs. Evans, Elliot, and Machin respectively. Mr. Elliot's defeat was a great surprise, and he did not, we presume, play with-his usual skill, as he did not stand a chance all through the game, which was played' in capital style by his : opponent. The ! following is the present score of the, 86, games, including three forfeits, already completed :— • Eirst Class. 'Won". Lost. R. M. Steele, jun. ... ... 9 .: 3 J.'Evans . ... • ... ... 8 : J. Mann. .... .... .... ,6 7 ; D. F. Macdonald-;... ... 6 6 ; Second Glass. -r .]"■ '■ T. Elliot ... . ... " ... 9 3 E. Govett- ... •. 10 1 • H.A.HeittiqueB, ... ... 2| 10 ' , Third [Glass, i W.F.Bertram ... ... 9 3 W.Melvin ... v- »•'. 6i- 6 J. M. Stanton . ... , ... 6§( , 4 C. W. Wren ... ,6|; 5 . Fourth Class. : ■ i . H. B. Funnell ... ... 5| 6 O. L. Klisser... ... ... \ 11 F.'F. Machin... . ; — 3» . 8 The games.yet to be played are as follows:— Macdonald v. Funnell, Steele v. Govett, Elliot v. Govett, Bertram v. Stanton, and Wren v. Klisser. Mr. H. Guinness being about to leave Mount Pleasant, where he has for the last eight years occupied the position'of Post , and Tele graph Master; was recently presented with an address and two valuable gifts. About 25 gentlemen met at the Talunga Hotel, the chair being taken by the Rev. R. W. Holden. Re freshments haying been introduced a few short addresses were made in which some very com plimentary things were said regarding Mr. Guinness, and the following address, signed by representatives of St.' John's. Church, - Mount Pleasant, was read:—"The Church Vestry of St. John's, Mount ^Pleasant, greeting, to H. Guinness, Esq. Dear Sir—We, the congrega tion of St. John's Church, Mount Pleasant, South Australia, through the Vestry desire to say we cannot allow you to depart from us with out expressing our deep thankfulness to you for the very prominent and active part, you have taken in Church matters for the last eight years in [this parish. You have with indefatigable zeal filled the triple office of Lay Reader, Church warden, and Sunday-school Superintendent, greatly to the • benefit of. the Church in general, and the. building up and. strengthening of the congregation. Must we say, afterusuch, we regret your departure ? Yet we must rejoice, for our loss will be your gain, as you are gping to enter the ministry of our beloved Church, Be well assured, dear Sir, we heartily wish your ministry will be advanta geous to those among whom you will be called upon to minister. We hope yourself, Mrs. Guinness, and daughter will continue to have good health, which is the greatest earthly blessing." The Chairman then handed to Mr. Guinness a very handsome marble clock, and Mr. James. Phillis,'sen. (on bis own account) presented the guest with a valuable silver ink . stand. Mr. Guinness replied briefly and appro priately, thanking his friends for their thought ful kindness, and expressing the regret he experienced at parting with such old a.nd valued friends. , Dr. J. D. Thomas gave the third of hi3 course of lectures on " Elementary Physiology," in connection with the Adelaide University, at the Stow Church Lecture-Hall, on Tuesday evening, August' 27- There was a very fair attendance. " The lecturer commenced by com pleting the description of the human skeleton, the .first part of which was given at the last lecture. "Beginning at the blade-bone and proceeding downwards, he gave an elaborate and clear account of the working of the different bones, comparing them with those of other animals, and showing the resemblance and dif ference between them. In referring to joints, he stated they consisted of three kinds, namely, those which were capable of only a gliding move ment; the hinge joints, where the bones were so formed that, though free as regards their extent, they, were only capable of a backward and forward movement ; and the ball-and socket joints, which enabled the bone te possess a much wider range of action. The .joints at the knee, elbow, and fingers were of the second class, and those of the shoulder and hip of the third. In proceeding to the muscular system the lecturer stated that there were about 500 different muscles in the human body. They were distinguished by a. bright red color,'and in fact they formed the lean flesh of all animals, In size they varied from one-' sixth of an inch to two feet in length: They also varied in shape. The action of the muscles was then considered. Each bone acted on by them might, the lecturer said, be regarded as a lever, with its fulcrum! in the joint; the weight where the resistance was to be overcome, and the power where the muscle was attached to it. In order that the bones and muscles should live it was necessary that they should be supported with, blood. , The cir- . culatory system supplied that necessity. . It was also necessary that there should be aforce pump in the system, so that the blood should con- i tinually pass through. That want was supplied by the heart. Dr. Thomas then followed the ; course of the blood from the heart through the different arteries, showing how it was distri buted to.the various parts of the body. After touching upon the lungs, a short outline of the nervous'system was given, which completed a highly interesting, instructive, and well appre ciated lecture. " . ' . There was an improved attendance at. White's Rooms on Tuesday evening. The enter tainment was very amusing throughout, and the ghost illusions" were particidarlyweirperformed. To those who have Seen nothing of the kind before Rainford's "Ghosts" will, prove, .very interesting, and to some extent mystifying. ; The negro sketch " Othello" caused roars of laughter, and■; the Irish farce closing; the entertainment wasalso:enj9yable, the illusions being, cleverly worked in. Miss Horton was most favorably received, and the same may be said of Mr. Wallace, "whose jig dancing was exceedingly well done; This evening the same programme . will be repeated. A football match will be played on the Adelaide Club Grounds on Saturday, August 31, between a combined team of the Adelaide Foot- ball Association and a team comprised of players belonging to the Gawler, Kapunda, and Wil- lunga Clubs. The following are the names of the Association players:—W. A. , Hughes (cap tain); H. Wyatt; Terry, Gibbs, T. Smith, J, Carter, C. Parker, H. Fletcher, C. E. Barrett, T. G. Stanton, H. Meyer, A. M. Pettinger (vice- captain), S. M. Turner, J. Stacey, J. E. Woods, G. Giffen, L. Luhard, H. C. Burnet, T. Blinman, and J. Traynor. Emergency men—M. B. Ive, P. Wood, G. Milnes, and A. Crooks., The fol- lowing players will represent the country Clubs —Kapunda—E. Brady, D. Cameron, Fisher, J. McLaren, M. McCarthy, J. S. Pearce, and C. Rebbeck ; Gawler—Bright, Couch, Donnell, Fitzgerald, Heseltine, Tardif, and Thomson; Willunga—H. Allen, Dawe, Hall, Goss, Martin, Maverley, and Richards. Mr. McAllister will officiate as umpire. A collection will be made, on the grounds in aid of the Adelaide Hospital 