CHAPTER XV. " BY HER OWN HAND." When Polly, in the first access of her terror at Talbot's threat, had asked for time to consider his alternative, she had merely acted according to the impulse of the moment. Once in the seclusion of her own apartment she sate herself down, with throbbing temples, to consider the matter. But an hour's cogitation merely served to impress upon her ' mind that her persecutor would carry out his menace to the letter, if she either failed to keep the appointment or refused his offer. Her nature was so peculiarly sensitive that she never for one moment cast about for reprisals ; she did not consider how she could circumvent her enemy ; her whole mind was centred on the terrible results that would ensue if he put his threat into execution. Soon she rose and paced up and down her chamber, never for a moment pausing in her walk, or raising her eyes from the floor ; suddenly she stopped short in the centre of the apartment, and clasping her hands together, exclaimed " PH doit!" She said no more, but seated herself at her desk, and wrote during many hours, never looking up, but filling sheet after sheet until her task was done. Dressing herself then with more than ordinary care, she descended to the drawing I room to await her father. There was a newspaper lying on the table, and she took np the sheet mechanically, and ran her eyes over its columns. Her gaze at length rested on a paragraph which absorbed her attention. She read it through once, and then a second time : the item was as follows : DISTRESSING CASE OF SUICIDE. " At an early hour this morning, Police Constable Johnson, on duty at Renforth Street, Glebe, was called to visit a house in that thoroughfare, being informed that a.young girl had. poisoned herself. On entering the place a* sad spectacle presented itself. Lying on a low pallet in the front room, was a young girl of about seventeen, in whose hands was tightly clenched a small phial, bearing the label "HYDRO- CYANIC ACID-POISON. A doctor was immediately sent for, but on his arrival pronounced life to be extinct some hours. The name of the deceased was Emily Bamford ; and the cause of her rash act is stated to have been jealousy. An inquest will be held." Taking a pair of scissors, Polly cut out the paragraph, and placed it carefully in her purse. When her father came in she went to him in her old, girlish way, and sat upon his knee. He looked anxiously into her face, and said " My child, you are not looking bright to-night ; what ails my pet." "[am only feeling a little tired, papa, that is all." <i Where have you been to-day, dear ? " " Only to Darling Point, papa." "And how is Mrs. Jervis? Is she bearing up better now? " "She is much the same, dear." When they went to dinner by-and-bye, and the lamp shed its glow upon his daughter's features, the doctor again re- marked that she looked unwell, but on her assuring him that she felt in good health he did not again broach a topic which appeared to distress her. On the meal being brought to a termination, however, Polly said-"Papa, I have not slept very well this last night or two, and I wish you would give me something to-night to make me sleep." " I think you will be better without it, dear," he said. " Oh, just for once, papa ; it will not do me any harm." "Very well, my pet. When shall I make it up for you." "Now, if you will, and then we can have a long evening together." So they went to the doctor's little surgery. Opening a small ebony cabinet, Dr. Mostyn took out a little phial, from which he measured out five drops of a dark brown fluid, aftei which he replaced the flask methodically upon the shelf he had taken it from. Then adding one or two other ingredieñts¡ he poured the whole into a bottle, and handed it to his daughter. As they were leaving the surgery, Polly pointed to the cabinet, and said "What do you keep in all these little bottles, papa? " The old man stroked her golden hair fondly, and ther said "Why do you enquire, you little puss; are you thinking of setting up as a lady-physician, as they do in America? " The ghost of a smile played about the corners of the girl'! mouth. "No, but tell me," she said. "Well, I keep the drugs in that cabinet separate, becausi they consist of the deadliest poisons used in the profession and in hastily making up a prescription mistakes have oe cureel before now-mistakes which have carried people t< the grave." ' '"Would a few drops out of any of these bottles be sufficien to destroy life ? " she asked. "Yes, dear. The tincture of opium, which I have use< in your sleeping draught is the mildest of them all." "But would death be instantaneous if one were to swallow-say, a teaspoonful of any of those poisons." "It would follow very soon after." " Is poisoning a very painful death, papa ? " " Sometimes, dear ; but why do you ask ? " "Merely for curiosity," she replied. By-and-bye when they were seated together in th drawing-room, she said-" Papa, I want you to give me you opinion about something. " .'I am afraid my opinion is of not much value except h matters of medicine, my dear ; but what is it ? " She rose from her seat, and kneeling upon a cushion a her father's feet, took oue of his hands, in hers and fondle it. After a while, she said "Supposing now, a woman had committed a grievous si during her married life, and when her husband died, a enemy threatened unless she consented to wed him, that h would expose her to the world, do you think it would 1 regarded hy heaven as an unpardonable sin, if she, rathe than face the shame and disgrace on'the one hand, and th misery of a life with one she abhorred on the othe destroyed herself by her own hand ? " "I think," replied the doctor, gravely, "that it woul he better for the woman to endure any earthly miser rather that incur the wrath of heaven." " That is, supposing she had sinned in the manner I ha\ stated ? " asked Polly, in a low tone. "Yes, dear. But who has put these gloomy though into your head ? " "Oh, I think of strange things sometimes," she mu mured. "But, papa; don't you think she would ever be fo given ? " " I do not say that, my darling ; there is forgiveness f< us all, I hope." She said no more then, but lay with her head upon h< father's knee ; occasionally drawing his hand to her lips ar kissing it. When it was time to retire to rest, she elm around his neck and said in broken tones " Do you love me very much, papa ? " "More than my life, my darling." "And whatever should happen, would you always thir. gently of me ? " "Yes, my love. But come, yon are nervous, and requi sleep. Take the mediciue like a good girl. Goodnight." " Good night, papa." As they parted sh« gazeel after him with a long, yearnii look, and covering her face with her hand?, ascended quick to her own apartment. Arrived there, she did not kindle light, but placed herself by the open window. The moon was high that night and in her summer glo^ bathing the sky and the earth in a silver flood of light th seemed to m ck the dim vista of gas-lamps, which extend as far as the eye could reach. Away in the distance was t! lovely bay, and the spray its moonlit wavelets cast w turned to liquid brightness, and fell back upon t gleaming waters like a fall of prismatic stars. For two long hours Polly sat gazing out upon the love scene, and it was not until the moon was obscured by passing cloud that she closed the window. Then lighting lamp and taking a small key that was suspended from h watch-chain, she re-opened her desk and took from it t papers she had written earlier in the day. The letter w addressed to Dr. Mostyn, and ran as follows : " By the time you cast your eyes upon this page, dc father, I shat be no longer of this earth. I have chosen die rather than endure a life of misery, or one of shame a: disgrace. If you think I haveever committed a sin these latí words imply, you will be judging me wrongly. I have do no wrong. I cannot even call to mind, as I pen these lines, any action of my life which should make me afraid to meet my God ; but I am pursued by an enemy who leaves me no other course but the one I take. All I ask you dear, ¿ear father, is to remember I have always loved you ; that the only sorrow I have in leaving the world is the thought of the anguish you will suffer. But, forgive me : forgive me, for I am very, very unhappy. All I have in the world, dear father, I leave to you ; and all the love of my heart I pour out upon this page in entreating your forgiveness. Good bye for ever, dearest ; pray for your erring daughter ; pray that we may meet again in heaven to part no more. POLLY." Placing the leaves in an envelope, she carefully sealed it, and then softly opening the door, lamp in hand, she gazed cautiously without. All was silent as the grave. Holding her lamp so as to cast its light upon the stairs, she slowly descended until she had reached the surgery door. Turning the handle noiselessly, she entered, and looked around. The white cast of Hippocrates stood out with a ghostly air amid the partial gloom, and the weird aspect of a blackened skull upon an upper shelf, caused a shudder to run through her veins. Approaching the ebony casket, she quickly drew out a bottle labelled " ACID HYDROCYANIC (SCHEELE) " and concealing it in the bosom of her dress, prepared to leave the room. Suddenly a light footfall sounded on the floorcloth of the passage. Extinguishing her lamp, Polly gazed through the glass door. Her face was deadly pale ; she trembled in every limb ; her breath came in short convulsive gasps ; the perspiration stood in beads upon her forehead ; and she supported herself against the door or she would have sank to the ground. Nearer and nearer the footsteps approached, in the direction of the surgery. Suddenly the wretched girl gave a stifled groan and crouched down upon the floor. It was her father. She listened intently. In a moment she breathed again. The footsteps had stopped. He had ascended the stairs. Ten minutes later, Polly crept softly out of the surgery, aud noiselessly regained her own chamber. Stretching herself upon the bed she fell into a troubled slumber-ir which all the events of her short life passed in review before her brain. She saw herself a little child playiuf about her mother's knee ; then came the darkened room it which« that mother had yielded up her soul. Later sh< was in the bright green meadows, singing with her school fellows ; and then the face of Eichard rose before her-anc she awoke. It was day then, and the sunlight was streaming in a the windows. Smoothing her hair at her glass mechanically she descended to the dining-room to superintend he father's breakfast. The meal over, she kissed him, and h went away to his patients. Then Polly, still in a dream; way, went about the house doing the little duties she ha« been accustomed to, and even giving a few necessary order to the servants-one of which was that, should Mr. Mclntyr call, he was to be shown into the drawing-room. It was now half-past eleven. Ascending to thi apartment, she opened the window, and took a long gaze a the bright scene without, and then, taking the bottle c poison from her bosom, placed it, side by side, with th letter for her father on the table. At that momenl through the open casement, came the sound of a child voice siuging : Life is but a span I deem ; Life is but a troubled dream ; Like brown leaves upon the stream, We pass away. Floating onward others come, Mingle with the busy hum ; Through the ways of Life they roam Then pass away. Suddenly a hand was placed upon her shoulder-the han of her father ! " My child, my child, what is this you are about to dc What is troubling your mind ? I have not slept a secon during the night, for the vague but terrible impression yoi language last evening forced upon me. What would ye conceal from your father, my darling ? I have no one el: left to cheer the few remaining years of a life which h¡ been devoted to you. What troubles your mind ? As ye love me, in Heaven's name, tell me all ? " With a thrill of terror, Polly glanced at her father, ar from her father to the letter and the phial she had plac< on the table. The next instant she was sobbing in his arc in a very agony of remorse. Fearful was the recital of h terrible sufferings and of her resolution to her father, ai of the cause. The old man, struggling with his ang against McIntyre, had great difficulty in restraining hil self from rushing headlong to the villain's presence, ai instantly inflicting such chastisement as the wretch richly deserved. Soothing his daughter gently, with lovii words, he speedily restored her to hope, and pointed o how completely the villainy of the man could be circuí vented by a little patience, firmness, and implicit trust ' the right. But there was no time to be lost, for in an hour or the scoundrel would come to his appointment. Polly gav in simple, truthful language, a narrative of the circuí stances leading up to the sending the scrap of paper to h husband, and the dastardly use that had been made of by McIntyre ; and the father, with that promptitude tb is begotten by practice in membèrs of the medical professic speedily resolved on his plans. He at once arranged th on McIntyre announcing himself at the door he was to shown up to Mrp. Jervis' sitting-room, the servant bei: instructed not to enter into the slightest detail, or answer any question McIntyre might put to her. Scarcely had this been arranged, when "Mr. Mclntyr« was announced, and in an instant found himself confront! the apparently calm and self-possessed old gentlema Polly's father. Polly, by a great effort, preserved an ¡ of calmness, covering her intense excitement. McIntyre was asked to be seated. *; Your business, sir ?" was the cool utterance of t Doctor ; looking at him with a glance which might ha flurried a calmer mind than McIntyre's. McIntyre's speech failed him, and his usual presence mind completely left him, for he detected at once that 1 vile plans were known, and that in the Doctor he had ordinary man to deal with. The perspiration grew in gr< beads over his pale face, which wore an expression mingled ehagrin, and utter defeat and humiliation. Again came the calm demand, uttered in a louder and possible, in a more authoritative tone, "Your busine sir?" Rising from his chair and looking round the room piteously-and apparently quite comprehending his wretched position, McIntyre, in an agitated, trembling tone of voice, said, "I have none, sir," and walked hurriedly to the door. "Stay, sir!" shouted the doctor, his face now lighted up with the anger which till now he concealed-" Stay, sir, or, old man as I am, I'll twist your villain's head from its shoulders." McIntyre feebly obeyed. He seemed as if his legs refused to move, and was about to utter some words further, when the Doctor stopped bim, ' ' Now, sir, if you have no business with me, I have a little with you ;" and quietly drawing from his breast-pocket, and cocking a ready-capped and loaded revolver, he continued; "You leave this room alive on one condition only, and that is this : you place upon the table the slip of paper you have been using as a vile instrument of torture on my daughter. Quick, sir, or your contemptible carcase shall be upon the floor ! " McIntyre, thoroughly realising the earnestness of the man he had to deal with, mechanically took from his pocket-book the slip of paper, and laid it upon the table. The old man, still covering him with the weapon, went up boldly and took the scrap, reading it aloud. " Now, sir, you can go, and if within twenty-four hours of this you are not out of Sydney, you shall hear further and promptly from me." ' ' Moving like an automaton to the door, the conscience stricken villain quietly opened it, and left without another word. Polly, sustained by supernatural effort, had, till now, remained rigidly calm ; but the instant McIntyre had left the room, she gave way to an hysterical seizure, and the Doctor, foreseeing the results of such a strain upon her nervous system, promptly ordered her to her chamber. Week after week passed-her life having constantly been in jeopardy from the intensity of the fever which seemed to be consuming her young life. She ultimately rallied, and a trip with her father to England and the Continent speedily restored her to health and vigour. She has uo thoughts of altering her condition ; and as she and her father, who is still a hale and hearty old gentleman, take their walks in the Botanical Gardens and the Domain, the dark dream of times long ago is not allowed to disturb their happiness. McIntyre, on leaving the Doctor's house, wandered hither and thither in a state of unrest. He sought, in a night's revelry, to obliterate from his mind the terrible humiliation of his defeat. But all to no purpose. He drank excessively without producing even the sensation of drunkenness. Foiled in all his efforts to drown thought, and maddened by excess of alcohol in his system, he went home, and, asking the servant not to let him be disturbed, he went up to his room. The dinner-time passed over, and obedient to her master's request, the servant had not disturbed him. Later on, she grew uneasy as she remembered the strange, haggard ex- pression on his countenance in the early morning. Growing timid, and fearing illness, she summoned courage and rapped at her master's door, but without any reply. The rest need not be told,-the old story !-he had come to hate himself with so perfect a hatred, that he could endure life no longer. Accustomed to have every whim and caprice gratified, and with his evil nature intensified by such gratification, he could not contemplate his condition with anything but mingled rage and self-contempt, and a prey to every feeling of bitter remorse and hatred of him- self, he made the only sacrifice his nature was capable of. It was the villain, and not the heroine of our story that was SACRIFICED ! 