CUTIBTON, (PROM OCR OWE OORHXSPONDIRT.) August 22. At the ntttiugs of the Connty Court here on Sitorday 135 cases were eet down for hearing, - owing however to some ir regularity in ".the issue of tbe summonses, e grest many wen! struck out as informal, and contrary to general expectation the business was disposed of by 8p. m. Jodge Hsckett has a very quiet and methodioe! manner of oondnoting ' legal matters ;'ha, however, oonld not restrein; his astonishment at the apparently excessive amount of costs attached to rach case, sod at times beld np bisbands with a sort of pious! horror... at. ths csamlog extortion, I say " seeming" advisedly.asone might infer from . the surprise exhibited by ths Judge that hie Honor bed heen accustomed to s circuit (of -mnoh mbre limited dimensions, in which of oonrae the costs of service wonld be vary: much smaller than hare, where SO jor 60 miles have often to be traversed in the prooees of summons serving. The whole of the busi ness on Saturday last, was of the tamest des cription, nothing at all -florid or sensational to give it (fignanoy, and luckily it was soon over. , I regret to think that an Injustice baa been done to Coleraine in establishing the Connty Court here, as at the lut sittings some han dled and odd oases had their origin in Cols- nine and its vicinity. However, we mnst be content with things as they are, and take them as they come; bnsiness Is bnsiness, and aa regards furnishing food for the Connty Conrt I am quite willing to aooord ths pride of tplaoej to; our neighbours, and only venture to express a hope that this class of trade; of which they have at present almost the monopoly, may not make them either too stnek-np or puree-proud ; that they will not beoome from this cause. In which we acknowledge the superiority, too haughty or too arrogant towards us, their humbler brethren. Under whatever circumstances or from whatever causes the business of our County .Court is derived, it is quite evident, as I pointed ont to yon a week or . two ago, that the sittings of the Conrt should take plaoe more frequently than thsy have hitherto done ; it is a postive absurdity and a hindrance to bnsiness to allow six months to elapse between. However, if tbe solicitors and business people nf tbe plaoe will not make any effort to obtain the increased aoeommodation so preasiugly required, and principally for their own benefit, it wonld seem to argue that thsy are content to allow'things to remain in etatu. quo, and they cannot form any well-grounded ex pectancy of extraneous aseiatanoo to effect ths change, when they refuse, or rather neglect to take the first step themzelres. I have pleasure In reoording another of the myriad incidents tending to prove the efficaey of the government of onr glorious chie great Graham, and how admirably it works. A respectable, steady man, a harness-maker, ana a vary good tradesman, a month or two ago was working tot an employer not many miles from this, and after finishing what there waa to do there, set out on his travels in search of employment, not doubting for a mo ment that, under the prosperous regime of the great Berry, .work waa to be had in plenty. v fBxcelaior was his mfitto. Bat up to the present time, he has found that he was mistaken. Letters have been received from onr "Christian" (not Crispin) whidh wonld -lead one to bslieve that, instead of Viotoria being- what it- is -represented, it is a veritable Slongh of Despond, and that ths terrible giant Protection guards the com mercial highway, exaoting dreadful tolL Onr "Pilgrim" passed' through Hamilton, Portland, Belfast, Caramut, Penehuret, Ararat, Skipton, Ballarat, and Oeeloug, to gether with all intermedials and minor plaoea, and in reply to hia enquiries, he found that not a day's work was to bo had. The latest ao- eonnts from him intimate that be is still, like the refined essence of the j ustly-oclebrsted John Brown, " »«— Ring "n," t- darkly hints that, in all probability, at some future and not very distant time, his whitened bones will be found on the confines of Eternity or Protection— most likely the letter. It would thus appear that onr wanderer, like most people who -get "bushed," is wandering within a circle, otherwise he might by this time, have found both peace and plenty by ateeriog his course due north, as both money and enterprise ate gravitating in that direction.. The b ax tar held here at the Mechanics' In stitute at the close of last week, in aid of the building funds of the Weeleyan body, was a marked mreoass. The weather was about as bad as bad oonld be, bat la despite of this eerians disadvantage something like £100 was obtained. -To the almost unaided exertions of the ladies connected with the management of the affair this satisfactory termination mnst be attributed. Onr next Local land Board is to be held on the 12th September, and it is not onr fault that the list is not swollen very mnoh beyond its ordinary limits, as a notice appeared in the last Gazette notifying the abolition ofthe Sand ford Farmers' Common, and people abont here, not being given to make nloe dis tinctions, jumped to tbe cooalneion that the Ssndford Tom Common wis open for selec tion, and consequently rushed to peg. Only that the Gazette never jokes, I suppose its many indicated errors tend to keep it zerions, one might think that it had intended to take' a " rise" ontibf onr sedate townsfolk. How ever, there wss no great harm done. There was also during the week another tlnacoo (ro table craze, and a very choice bloek on Mud- tham was pegged, and bnt for the wholesome restriction of £1 baiog demanded on lodging the application, there probably . wonld hare been many applicants. Since these sntho- eiastic. peggere -have laid out and parcelled the land to their own ideas of proper proprie torship, I am given to understand that the gentleman in ohargs of Marotham baa prohi bited any f utber trespassing under the puns and penalties in snch cases made and provi ded. . The earth hanger is a vary strong and prevalent appetite, and requires bnt the ghost of a chance to awaken it into fall and vonunons vigour. A week or two ago a meeting of tbe rate payers interested in the Casterton town common was convened by the then president of the shire; for tbe purpose of recommending some one to the shire connoil for employment in the capacity of herdsman, the situation bring oow- vacant, 'The meetlng wai pre sided over by Mr. A. W. M'Phereoo, and the show of hands waa in favour of Mr. C. Lam- boure. . This result Mr. M'Phereon promised to Dommnnicate to -the ahire oounoil at its next meeting. . This promise, however, was not kept, nor was any communication what ever madA There 1 thatfis sufficient on that head. I wonld wish, in the most delicate manner imaginable, jnst merely to breathe a hint, that this management, of the matter might-have a shade, a tinge; the slightest possible colouring, of a seeming neglect, or indifference; or oaraleeineBS, or laxity ofubnsiness i-eauduet; but- I know ; better than to go one step farther Mian that mild reproof, when a abire councillor is ' in question. Aou may have scribes that < will' ran foli'tilt at anythihg'biit I flatter myself that I .sun 'wiaer.< than they.' I draw tbe line at shire councillors ; if it was :a common contractor, or . an' insignificant Aire official, who bad in any way made dereliction from duty, I.think I could bs at virtuously Indignant as another, but instinct, as Fslstaff j ustly observes, makes oowarda of us all, and, like that worldly, valiant ciha- 'iao tor, Lamia raward«dpOQ ieLStinet." ... ' The modern Evapgelis Mr. Henry -Varley, g»-sone of hia exbortaifons here on Taeeday night ast, as die, eras ;yn -route from Monnt Gamhier to' MelbonrnA The audience, al though not larghhight etill Slmoet be ranked as Bfjoh.'tf ;the brief notice given is token, into "consideration. Mr. Varley is a aeotary, . or . he -may be, -for onght J know, tbe founder of a eeot; oertainly bo has ideaiv as regards revealed truth, qnite ab- normsl to the: general ambtatioo. During lus discourse, -be said be believed tha city of \- God to be literally of the exact dimensions of 1500 roOme miles, and as a proof olhis sihgu- UrbriiT-l founded, I presume, , op his dolmt- j 'fol ufodarh interpretaticn of the worde in the Apooalypeer- elated that a portion of Eng-' dand,' vhica he indicated by' drawing an imapnttyHue acroee it, wonld afford ample , standing ti»m-— no orowding-for every mam woman, and chQd ever born in the world, u 'tiro lecturer bad hot. dwelt upon this illustra tion eo emphaticafif and to obcnnistantiaUy, it might have passed with his hearers as -a nrore elfimera — one of thoae fontastio cobweba of tiie breln. farith Which -otherwise sensible men are somntimeo troubled. . The calculation of spaoe,' or rather "of niunbirs, made ,by"Mr. .VaHey.toDhe tiiet wonld piizde. mnrii tnort eriens minds than his.' ' Mr. Varieyfo onddon'ttaasparitions from the most JsqUime of hllWubjeete to those -of ovary ,&y; and, ooimhliSpeJje Wforihnhsojfa simjdyTxithos, tand irro noi, to.toj. liippy. 'or lrMy to prodhoe any -briiefidal affect ; nor 'wzs at ahedlotely -aeoeasary for him to Inform his' audience tost the word " enthueiast " was derived from a Greek word, or words, and that this origin was a faot not genereily known, : nnlssa indeed it was the lecturer's intention to dmpress his hearers with awe at his wonderful and pro found turning, and the exceeding acantinem of their own. There were other things in Mr. Farley's harangue whioh wonld neither bear cloxe Inspection nor critical examina tion, but .that portion of his disconrse , to which most peopli would take excep tion : was that . whan ha aaid that he found it tbe easiest matter for him (Mr. Farley) to do right; and tbe meet difficult thing, imaginable was ffor lum) to do wrong. Now, after that, if Mr. Farley is not eelf-oon - vioted as the most egotietioal Christian, -who evar lived, thsDloonfess than English isalan. gnage beyond my oomprehenalon. It appears almost monstrous that a human being, fal lible as he is, ahonld have tha hardihood -to stand np in a pnblio assembly, and thus blindly assert >nd exalt In bu own righte ousness — to smile and blandly assure his "'dear friends," that he Is pure and without sin, knowing, as he mnst know, aa even a cur sory reader of the Scripture mnst know, that the assertions made are in direct oppo sition to the teachings of the book be pretends to be guided by- the hook, no matter by which eeot of Christians it ts interpreted — directly and plainly inonlastra tbe absolute necessity of a lowly and humble spirit, and that all men are sinners. The bosstfnl Utterances of snoh a man are bnt little, if anything, short of rank blasphemy. For the rest, Mr. Farley has an unotuons delivery, a. fair share and flow of words (not always properly aooentuated), and that peonlisrly- modulated inflection of the voice whioh one , cannot quite appreoiato, although, perhaps, not defioient In power, bnt whioh is yet so eminently nnnatoraL The audience wss attentive,- if not sympathetic. 