Amusements in Sydney. ALL the places of amusement in Sydney are doing a good business (says our correspondent). This is a good sign. It shows that business generally is in a healthy state, that pocket-raouey is plentiful, and that people have both the time and th« iuclination for "amusement and instruction combined." It speaks well, also, for the character of the said amusement and instruction. One would be a long time getting tired of Creawick's iuipsrsona tions of character. He is a genuine artist of the school of which Kean, Phelps, and Macr*ady were such ornaments, though lie is uot the equal of either of those celebrities. He has taken the Sydney playgoers by storm. Thiß week he finished his seventieth night at the Victoria Theatre, and has never once played to a small audience. The latest piny in which he has appeared is Sheridan Kuowlee' famous drama " William Tell," and the character of the celebrated Swiss liberator who is credited with having shot an apple from his son's head ut a hundred paces is strikingly puurtrayed by Mr. Creswick. For my own part I like it as well aa any he lihh yet appeared in, not even excepting his Hamlet. Since the marriage of Miss Aahton, Miss Adelaide Bowriug, an old favorite, has been engaged as leading lady; and Mus M xttie Daniels, from Melbourne, has l>een introduced to the Sydney public for the first time. She plays the part of Tell's son, and is a very com petent exponent of the character, for winch her age, figure, and voice well suit her. Mr. John Bennett has a fine company together now, foremost among them being Mr. W. J. Carey, who plays QetUr in "William Tell," Icilins in " Virgiuius," the Ghost in " Hamlet," and Ed/jar in "King Lear." At the Theatre Koyal, which- ia under the joint managemeut of Jlesxri". Lnzar and Harwood, DarjoH's new play, " Back from the Grave," ran for n fortnight to good houses. It is to be succeeded by " Trans, ported for Life," an Anglo- Australian play l»y tha name author, which was produced at the \ ietoria Theatre some mouths ago wiin cun;MiiaUe sue cess. Mr. G. D. Chaplin, wlo if? the beHt actor we have evei ha<l here, support* the Dar rell's. Kelly and Leou's clever minstrel* are still at the Queen's Theatre, dr.iwi^ lo's of money and laughter frnra thoir patron* ; the Marionettes nre doing moderately w«'U at. the School of Art* ; and " Darcy Read'«t Oh'jßt " ia being Bhown at the Guildhall. 