THE GREEN-EYED MONSTER; OR, THE STORY OF A MISTAKE. . M ARMAGH.-We two had been one for a whole year. Of that period there is little to chronicle. The life of man .and wife, young and wealthy, offers little that is note- worthy. We had a dozen tiffs, two serious quarrels. The .cause of number one, my cruelty. Charmed by the rencontre with an old school chum, I had stayed at the .club until fifteen minutes beyond midnight, and had reached home redolent of tobacco. Geraldine's thoughtlessness gave rise to number two. I had only half read the third volume of the novel of the hour, when my wife returned it with others to the library. We decided thereupon that it would be better to separate ; and the humour and black looks lasted for eight hours- then followed the poetic renovation, we were lovers once more. At this period when we were, as fashion dictated, exhibiting ourselves as a portion of the revolving tableaux of London life-my friend Charley Martindale returned. The handsome dog looked handsomer than ever. Hard work he may have done, yet his hands were white, soft, and shapely as of yore. Moreover, his silvery speech was yet more musical to woman's ears, when he told of his hardships, and of bear-hunts and other imaginary perils by flood and field, in which tlie one and only hero had been himself. I was extremely glad to see Charley again, and yet more pleased that Geraldine viewed the matter as I did, and extended a warm welcome to the poor fellow. For my conscience pricked me concerning the cause of his expatriation. He was naturally made free of our well-appointed little estab- lishment. He did not take up his abode with us ; but he dropped into luncheon, was expected to join us at dinner when it suited him, and spend the evening, when he had no better engagement, in our company. The petticoat governed Thane of Cawdor did not claim to be more than a man. Nor would I wish to be more than human ; and when six weeks had passed and.Charley was still ever-present in our household, and had, without any sign, usurped my place of. an afternoon in Geraldine's victoria, it is hardly a matter of wonder that certain dis- agreeable notions should float across my mind. I thought to myself that an invitation is one thiug, but that to smoke one's best cigars, to order the primest vintages in one's cellar, and to show no signs of moving on, was to put a construction too liberal thereon ; that to cause one to lose money at whist at the club because one's afternoon recreation was gone, and this without a word, was thought- less on Geraldine's part, especially as the method of it might lead to talk. But these unworthy thoughts were evanescent. When I reflected upon the dire injury that those accursed Goojerats had inflicted upon poor Charley's prospects, I acknowledged that the most generous hospi- tality was a return poor indeed. When I called to mind the utter innocence of my Geraldine, I readily trampled the green-eyed monster under foot. On one day, memorable as will be seen, I had a little tiff with Geraldine. I had some reason to be out of temper. I had discovered that the butler had been supplying the table with the choicest burgundy instead of the common quality intended for .every-day use ; that the bin was almost'empty, and that the consumption had been at a rate throwing doubt upon the man's honesty. Thus chafing I entered the morning room, and stumbled against my wife's pug, and naturally enough kicked the little brute howling across the room, for I had not seen Geraldine seated in the corner. She was up in arms in a moment in defence of her favourite. "How dare you be so cruel ! " she cried. " Cursed little brute ! " was my ill-timed reply. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Algernon," she continued, almost in tears, and rushing to take up the ugly nuisance. Then, as she fondled it, she turned and said, "A man would not do such a thing. Mr. Martindale would not be so cowardly to a poor dumb darling." I said something in reply that I fear called down no blessings on tlie head of Charley or of the poor dumb darling, and I went to the club. The same evening I had an engagement that prevented my accom- panying my wife to Lady Calmly's rout, but I promised ] would meet her at the door. I was after time as usual. It is a fault of mine. As I eagerly pressed my way into the reception-rooms my ear was attracted by the remark, " They are a handsome couple ; " and looking in th( direction indicated by the speaker, my eye', fell upor Martindale and my wife-a handsome couple indeed. Th« words were possibly harmless enough in themselves, but ir one moment the baleful fire of jealousy was alight. M5 treacherous friend, how godlike did he look as he poured, no doubt, the honeyed drops of flattery into ears only toe villing to receive them. The jewels sparkled on his shapely hands. How I hate a man that, pretending to be a man, bejewels his hands. How bitterly did I repent my blind folly. It is easy enough now to confess that I didn't behave very well. Already, as has been told, some little annoy- ance had arisen in respect to that confounded pug. My wife's sense of injury had been augmented by the fact that on her arrival at Lady Calmly's entertainment she had had to find her own way up-stairs. Therefore, when she was peevish, it must be admitted there was some reason. I crossed over the room. I took no notice of Martindale, I briefly asked my wife "tocóme home out of this place." "Come home, Algernon?" she said, opening her eyes and tossing her head; "are you out of your senses? Don't you see Mr. Martindale?" "Yes, I see him," was my reply ; "but the question is-will you or will you not, Geraldine, come home out of this place." "Certainly not," was her indignant rejoinder; "what can you be dreaming of? It is too absurd." "Then I am going," I said, and I left her. On reaching home I would not sit up. I filled a tumbler of sherry and drank it off-it would act as a sedative-then to bed. But I could not sleep. At first I attributed this to the fact that I had retired earlier than usual, but soon I began to perceive that a violent fever was raging in my blood, heightened in its virulence by the stimulant of which I had somewhat recklessly partaken. It was clear, at all events, that I was seriously unwell ; and shortly after Geraldine returned, doctor number one was summoned. When, however, on his first inspection he decided that the responsibility was too great-that he must have the aid of three others like unto himself-it became clear that my case was critical in the extreme. So rapid was the rise of the malignant humour in my blood that before dawn I had lost my head ; the scene and the people moving before me like some huge and terrible kaleidoscope. THE GREAT CHANGE.-It must be borne in mind that all that has so far been related occurred whilst I was still in the flesh. How it happens that I am able to describe for the benefit of those yet treading solid earth my experiences of the day after death will shortly be made plain. Of the dire suffering that terminated my existence I was happily not wholly conscious. I remember the moving forms of physicians, nurses, and last, not least of wife. Of the last moments I have no remembrance whatever, nor any sense of the disagreeable surroundings preceding the act when, coffined, cribbed, confined, my remains, so-called, were committed to the tomb of the D'Orsays. Of a sudden, when Avrithing in pain, a holy calm set in. I awoke, as it were, to find myself a spirit, and inhabitant of aery space. On noting the time, for we spirits calculate time, as mortals do, by the setting of the sun, I found that my last experi- ences were already six weeks old. The interval had passed unperceived. I discovered I possessed a form resembling my earthly self, but refined and glorified, and, as might be expected, incorporeal ; whilst from the spot that in an ordinary being would be known as shoulder-blades, had grown a pair of magnificent diaphanous wings. With these I found I could, with only so much exertion as waa pleasurable, ascend or descend at will ; or that expanding them I could sail, hawk-like, horizontally, as I might list, with no effort whatever. The currents of air that aid and trouble mankind have no existence for us. I say for us, because this new world was peopled. If numerously in- habited, there was room enough for all. The space above seas and barren mountains was as suitable for our existence as that above the gardens of the earth. Bub Ï discovered very soon that the possibility of over- population of this earliest after-world (if so it may be called) need not be con- templated. Cecil Ambergris, who was drowned some twelve months before I died, was the first of my old acquaintances that I fell in with in this new sphere, and he at once briefly told me much of what I was soon to learr by inquiry and experience. Whilst one single bein£ towards whom love is felt yet remains on earth we spirits make the terrestrial atmosphere our home. But when th( last loved one is no longer human it is time to wing a ilighl to another world. Whither no one knows. This also ha¡ a bourne from which no traveller returns. The Rev. Nee Pinkerton, whom, until Ambergris introduced him, I die not recognise, stupidly, because he had been curate at St Dunstan's-Ned Pinkerton here joined us. HÍ3 death hae occurred somewhat before that of Ambergris, from visiting the fever dens of his ancient parish. The lleverene Pinkerton had always been a cynic in talk; and learning the subject of our conversation, observed that it was to b< hoped that our forefathers had not made for Sirius, as i stern chase is always a long chase, and that thirty miles i second is good going. I have stated that he observed so much ! but it mus not be inferred that there was any actual speech. Wi communicated that which we had to say to one anothe without words. We communed by looks and brain-waves each learning intuitively that which the other wished t< impart. Odd as it seemed on first experience, the ad vantage of conversing in this even manner soon became clea enough. As it is my desire to get back to Geraldine anc my false friend, I cannot here dwell upon the many extra ordinary and elelightful novelties that encompassed m; present estate. In brief, it must suffice to tell that th condition was one of utter happiness. One met all th friends of days gone by ; that is, those who bael given u| the ghost. Our chief pleasure was undoubtedly to visit th scenes peopled by our relatives and friends ; to watch thei struggles and pleasures ; to know that the former were onl; transient, a preliminary to a glorious future ; the latter, fe be completely overshadowed by the even complacency o our present case. It would seem natural that my firs object should be to seek out Geraldine. But this was no so. Possibly because we spirits have to live over again th course of our earthly lives, our earliest inclinations are to b with the friends of childhood. So I first visited uncle Frei and my cousins. How pleasurable it was to see thei affection, to mark how in trouble they clung to each other how, when good fortune came, the chief desire was tha each and all should share therein. And one could smile a the little vexations that for the moment would overwhelr them, knowing how transient, whilst useful, these trial are ; how closely following upon each cloud is the corres ponding ray of-sunshine. We learned how good humour i not so much a gift of the gods as an acquisition of the will and that this, of all the' good things of the earth, is th most desirable possession. In the person of my uncle it benefits were fully exhibited. He of all my relatives mad least of trouble, and in consecpience care could find no fool hold on the smooth armour with which his imperturbabl even temper encased him. I could see, now, how much m stupidity must have annoyed him, and could recognise, an from my soul thank him for, the consideration that ha turned off each reference to disagreeable matters with laugh. I could indeed appreciate his goodness to b; brother's son ; and so with, a heart brimming over with kindly emotions, I flew to visit my weeping widow. Cadogan Place was soon reached. I passed noiselessly through the roof. Everything was unchanged. Here was an assurance of the constancy of that divine creature who had held my entire love. It made me feel how cruel had been my own conduct on the last day we had been together. So much for the domicile of the bereaved one. Let us visit the drawing-room, and gaze with gravest pity on the most heartrending spectacle that the earth can offer, a despair- ing and desolate woman. There was no lamentation. The first sound to reach me, on floating into the room, was a tinkling laugh. They who laugh in solitude are to be pitied -this was my first thought. A life from which love has been blotted out, a life without companionship- -if in such a condition merriment can have a place, then reason must be tottering to her fall ! But there was another sound, the strident laugh of a man ; Geraldine was not alone. Oh, how great was the agony of that moment when I discovered that, instead of wailing in bitter tears her recent loss my widow was light-hearted, nay, joyful, and in company with -Charley Martindale. My first impulse was to make my presence known if it were possible ; my next to wait and listen, "Come, come, Jerry" (thus my false friend dared to entitle my angel)-"come, come, Jerry, this is better. I like to see you yourself once more. Algernon .Frederick Charles is comfortably under the sod these seven weeks ; peace be to his ashes, say I. But he has already done me injury sufficient in standing between us and happiness. .Don't let his shadow divide us ; the whole'world knew you never cared for the half-witted youth. Let us face it out, and go for a drive as of yore. I have ordered the victoria." "But will it be right, Charles ? " she answered, turning her lovely face to him. " What-what will Mrs. Grundy say ? " " Oh, hang Mrs. Grundy ! " was Charley's reply ; " surely you have displayed sorrow enough for one you never cared one button about. Think *of me. Don't bother your pretty head, Jerry, about a fellow who could descend to artifice to gain, not your love, but your hand. You know he lost my fortune intentionally, and then, whilst I was enduring all the hardships of a settler's life, he got round that silly old lady, your aunt, and proposed to you." " It was rather mean " said Geraldine. I could be still no longer. I advanced to divide the per- fidious pair. But though I flapped, flapped my noiseless wings with all the vigour of which I was capable, and tried to make my presence known, it was of no avail. I passed over them, by them, around them, between them, even through them-that is to say, their sitting figures immov- able passed through my incorpoi'eal spirit as I flew but all that I could do had not the slightest effect in making an indignant quondam husband's presence known. I raved, 1 stormed, with equal absence of result. I, in spirit, stamped my unsubstantial foot upon the floor, with no other consequence than to cause, as the penalty of contact with the lower world, a semi-paralysis to shoot through my vaporous frame. I was mad ; for do what I would, their loving, pernicious prattle went on, and I heard things said of myself more wicked and unfair than hitherto I had conceived could find place within the breast even of _ the untutored savage. Fortunately at this moment I remembered that Ambergris had informed me of our possession of one power for evil. It was a matter, in truth, in which I should not have required instruction. In our spirit-existence knowledge of our attributes comes intuitively. We. cannot indeed make ourselves known to the living ; but we can, should we choose, .and which in certain cases is perhaps preferable, make ourselves intensely disagreeable. By placing itself directly above a mortal with whom in life it has been intimate, and by flapping its wings briskly seven times whilst uttering the mystic pyramidal abracadabra, a spirit can cause the one so operated on to become instantly but completely hypochondriacal. The terrible nature of this punishment hardly requires explanation. Loss of a limb is dreadful. Loss of a love is, for the time being, worse. Loss of fortune is a calamity not to be overtopped, according to my experience, by loss of life itself. But these three things, unpleasant as they may be, are human ills insignificant in comparison with that estate to which they sometimes form the stepping-stones the state of being hipped. It is needless to say that I could entertain no thought of harming my darling ; but upon my rival, I hastened to take this ample revenge. I poised myself above him, unpleasantly close to the ceiling. I flapped my wings once, twice, seven times. I uttered the magic formula, and lo !-he informed my widow that he never had felt half so well iu his life ; and imprinting a kiss upon only half-resisting lips, vowed that they who could find anything but happiness in this sublunary existence, happiness day-long and life-long he declared, must be wanting in the most ordinary perceptive faculties. The spell had failed ! It then flashed across my mind that there was a reason for this disability. The wearer of a cat's-eye is proof against our fiercest assaults. It has been named that Charley covered his fingers with rings. Amongst them was one displaying the potent chalcedony. My feelings overcame me. With one rending shriek, unfor- tunately perfectly inaudible to the faithless pair, I turned and fled. REHABILITATION.-How I passed the next few hours of my spirit life I cannot clearly tell. I tore through space, rushing past friends and strangers without heed, and gaining . rather an indifferent character in the upper world on the score of manners. But what at such a moment, after my experiences, was character or anything else to me ! I presume that at length, poised in vacancy, I fell into our dreamless spirit-slumber. For I was awakened by a gentle respiration at my side, and turning, found, that I was in our own bed- room in Cadogan Place ; my form, aery no longer, comfortably wrapped in blankets ; and Geraldine, the beautiful and true, tranquilly slumbering by my side. What could this mean ? Where had I been during the past two months ? I awoke Geraldine, and inquired if I had not been ill for a very long time. "111? " she asked ; "for a long time? Are you dreaming, Algy ? All I can tell you is that you have been most restless throughout the night. You probably drank more than usual, for I found the sherry decanter empty. And you certainly did not behave like my own Algernon. For you were not only very rude to me last night at Lady Calmly's, but you did not even sit up for me, so that Í might forgive yon, you old goose." They would have it that all had been but a dream. It has not been possible to name the matter either to Geraldine or Charley on account of the absurd suspicion that points to them. I did once try to reveal the circum- stances to uncle Fred ; but before the story was fairly commenced the good old fellow laughed so heartily that I feared he would have a fib. So I keep the secret in my own bosom.-Abridged from Temple Bar. 