Tue policy expressed in the Ministerial Reform Bill is, that the representatives of the people, in the Assembly, are to be the custodians of the public purse, and that the people are to be the arbitrators upon all bills-other than money bills-which the Council rejects, and which are submitted to the country by means of the plebiscitum. A.nd that, we believe to be a true -and right policy, for the two Houses sta nd in somewhat similar relations to t lie people as servants to a master-tho se who serve well become masters-tfhe condition of legislational or Parliam.sn tary "mastership " being that of g old service to the country. We do not use the comparison with offensive referemce to lin. members being pcid servermts or representatives. But as serv: sts or agents of an employer or comp: my, fall out amongst themselves as to :the conduct of the work they are eng iged to carry out, naturally appeal to t.heir employers for directions as to which is the right course to take, so representcia 'tives of the people-whether paid ý.or honorary-should do the same undor like circumstances. Because, so soon .as they cease to serve ti 9 will of the people, they ceaset to be representatives, and Responsible Government will be superceded by an oligarchic despotism--like:tlhat of the late "gagging" Assembly. The people of Victoria are now as competent as the people of any time or country to select their own representatives, and to de termine whether the latter are conduct ing legislation in conformity with the. national will. The plebiscitumr 'has been denounced as a revolutionary and communistic proposition. But it needs only a cursory retrospective .view of history to prove, that the converse is the case, and that to the want of use of the plebiscitum has been due the chief cause of the insurrections and revolu tions-communistic or otherwise which have overthrown dynasties and terrified humanity. It was procrastina tion of reforms, and long years of mis government through legislation being conducted in antagonism to, and in defiance of the national intecests and the people's will which at length caused the eruptions of sedition, privy con spiracy and rebellion, and all the revolutionary disasters that have affrighted Governments and afflicted nations aild scarcely yet made-their rulers wiser. Had the people been consulted by means of the plebiscitum upon the important questions in con troversy and the dangers which beset the State, it is a moral certainty that nine out of ten of those revolutionary disasters would never have disfigured universal history, or be there now as ghosts which are invoked by artful politicians as a means of postponing reforms and defrauding peoples of their rights with the bogus cry of. "revolu "tion." We have tried a constitution modelled on the Imperial one, we have tried " a chip of the old block" and it has failed. It has failed not because it was a chip of that block, but because it was not a chip of the right sort, not cut to the right length, breadth, and dimen sions, to fit the ever changing social and political phases and the quickly expanding material developments of a new country like this. Mr. BERInY, however, we contend, has acted with consummate statesmanship and judig ment in not attempting at presenot to give us a new constitution, or eve'a the reconstruction of the present one as re gards the elements and. conditions of composition of one or both chambers.) For it is a moral certaintty that any, measure for reforming the constitutio'in in a way to amend the bicameral strri'c ture of our Legislature-in a form ito meet the approval of the countr/y would have been " kicked down st/ýirs" by the Council. A great deal of time has been wasted in the debate',! over elaborate attempts to make o/ut that the bill is not that which it w/as never intended to be, viz., a cons titutional reform bill to reform the TUp er u H se by' a reconstruction of thr 1t chamber. Hence all the useless pala/ier about a Nominee House, , ret'irisD members, Norwegian scheme, Ame' ~Canad Swiss constitutions, &c.; There. will be time enough, we contend, to coi lsider the re lative merits of suck rival constitu tional systems of governvment when the time arrives for tiae re"onstruction of one r, both chambers ra a comprehen sive measure of Constit-4itional Reform, and. that cmnnot bei till aftler. Mr. BERRY'S bill has be en passed as a guarantee that the Council will be compelled to respect tlhe decision arrived at upon that roformn by the Assembly and the country. ,Mr. BERRY'S bill is one to affirm and confirm the sameo, supremacy ;.of the. represen tatives of thei people in the :As sembly over the UUppcr House, as the ': House of Comutois ' hlis over the IHouso of Lords.. 'Mr. B·mntYr;s is. x , r :· I : - , . pressed his willingness that ,his bill should be amended in committee, pro vided 'its cardinal, principles are pre served intact. The most serious defect appears to us to be, that no provision is made for the course to be pursued in the event of a vote of the people being given against the mIasure sub mitted to them by the plebiscitum, other than that the measure so voted Iagainst shall be lost. Suppose that measure were one of national impor tane-as an Electoral Bill, or an Amending Land Bill-a Ministry which would now have.to resign, upon being defeated on such a measure, could still retain office after it was defeated by a plebiscitum-there being nothing in the bill to the contrary-as they would 'still have the same ma jority after as Lefore the plebiscitum. This will doubtless be remedied in committee, by provision being made that, in such a -case, :either the Ministry should resign, or the Assembly should be'dissolved. Another defect is, nothing is said of the exteni of the " majority" which is to decide the fate of a measure. That will probably have to be provided for, either by the munici pal majority of a tivo-thirds vote, or the plebiscituim will have to be taken in in each electorate separately, as in a general election. These are mere matters of detail, however, to be'settled in committed. Blt, as to the cardinal lpinciples of the bill an assignment to the Assembly of the indisputable, and exclusive control of. the public purse, and that any bill shall become law, within a reasonable period after it has been passed by the Assembly in two consecutive- "sessions-unless rejected by the people on appeal from the Council through the plebiscitum there must be "'no surrender." We agree with Mr. MmlA3is inwhat he said last Tuesday,-we want-" no trimmers "nor middle men. (Hear, hear.) This " was a tim'ivhen they should all take " sides, and fight for the principle of "the bill, that the voice of the people " should have the voice of law," and .the " Hear hear" withl. which that sentiment was received by the House, will we feel assured be reverberated by the country. Oars of the most startlihg innovatirans uposa the time houiored institutions of' the mother country was the Inucuibered Estates Court in Ireland ; and :the day is not far distant in our opsini,n, when we shall see a Dummicd cEsts tes Court. in Victoria. The diselosure's msade be- i 'fore the Lands Commissison and the Closed Roads Commessissonso ably conducted, as tiose Coo tmissions are, by "the members of Par liament.consti tutisig them, all tend to tliat conclusion, and every dtay unfold s fsesh evidence I of its nec-ssity. Scrciety, although it may lienate its actres, never alienates its right to sunperssme their administra tion, and to challenge the right of any man who lays claim to them, no matter Nhethe r that man be a Dr Counuy or a CIsESLamzs d'industaio from thle Der went. On many occasions the-land owners of Great ]sisitain and Ireland have gone tlsrough tli'e ordeal of "prov ing. o title," and don btless they have not seed the last of tlh;iat aenerable and most useful hnstitutims. It was only yesterday, as it were, that the Cons moners of Epping Fo :rest marcchd in lrocession over acresr: of parchment and mounds of sealjnug war. The Ploeean AscusTrus S: cnn, aided by a couple bf Isunddred of 1aavvics,-the other day displaced several ]miles of iron rail way ahich s noasle Du ske had put round Berskampstead Corm non. The' Irish Commissioners did n.i t enquire how the tesritorial M'ilesian , ::ame by possessioni. They simply dcmaaorcld, to know how he idminin.teaed--f, ,i the benefit of the pnbliscamid the ten,.city, or bor himself only 5 Al as! hor. neither, He aas founso to noan ias ioclaimable bhaikrupt \--:mi sere rack rInting, fos hunting, ].ow pleasuse lovsnig g creature, a curse to himself and to all ; around him. And what avas tie rest alt? Society fore closed upjon hiim a?'.d sold hlis estate in order to pay lhs -debts and get rid of him. The coo trlahslansdlland aggregator of Victoria hlies beoiome niore obnoxious and mos'e so micte to the welfare of-its people thiatr the rn-dlc renting rquireen of poor, ol: AnDnY's, land.- From the days of rJoIin Ba TnrJas, down to the days of. LairJ s M''-Biss, his depreda tions asvo ecate iS.d over foi'ty years. /We have had little time for dloing .e'ything else" bhiides watehling him. ../ Our conStitu:stioa itself still re maisins ,anfashioned. ."A'a,eu:cniolis ecret "l?Roo/ianam conulere grefemei'-So diffi cult's -as it to found the Roman Empire -m' 1 equally difficuldis it to- found a aatirn mupon a Colony. A ds.ort; sketch of rur agrarian vicissritudes Sicee 1838 wih'l tell its own tale. The co2ony of :Victoria- has bhen sold.?hree times~'?ver in' the short Ieriod of 'ffty years. Kii.g JisiA JIKA and tleu obo-iginal territorial aristocracy of the 4lay first sold it to a Tasmanion blacl"smitha called lous BA~rrsI , for p - few beads and toma hawsls. B?t tJ aat sale, although nmore legal than any- "which has since followed, avas pereeuptr rily disallowed by the British Govo'.,nmeht. "It wonld b e a ': pity,'" arof ;e Governor AsTavn, in his .dispatche is to Downing street, "to " permit thiJi-s fine .country to fall into "the hand.; of s few nameless adven "turers." F :?oe a time BiTnassaa as sumed die ownnrship, and when buo FAeces P aVstI'iKEt attempted to laud somewhear e in the aicinity of the-Falls bridge,, o1 a the Yarsa, he was peremp torilshy as rued oi: Sale number two avs of a still-mori dastardly character. The als. ,le unsold Crowvn lands of Vie t~oris.rm'i.: d Ness South WIVales asere unddr dhe..not;0rioiis "Ordess.in Coumcil," liand?d over in absolute tee-sijaplle to the Gre ·,wn tenants, on condition that Great Besritain should be allowed to r?sumei transportation to the Australian coloniu '?s. Fortunately oven in'those old day s ( f Imperial terrorism and St wes-r lian 5:s:rachery, there awere good nmeu and i' ;rue t'o be .ound. Theitearless eloqne rnce oif IROurErT Low ma Newo South i WVale a, cd the iutropad b easingI of Mu' r. ?aW ERn; the fouiidet of his colohouc5, -y and. M: r. Eoav tan ?'Ws;sOa, found~ es. of the~i Ac pure nesspps,~~'j 'fines ,catl;·:thoe con scatio: ,They dated. ho " " ":' ·':F, .:.-. ;. 1 1: .- :-:. ::.~ l Hiome Government to give effect to the Orders in Council, although Sir Rou. DELL P?LMER anid MIr. TtHtOAS HOWA?RD FELLOWS both dleclaLred that those orders were ,valid and bidding. - Those orders are dated in 1847, and froma that Ferod up to 1855 it was aIbsolutely impossible for any boeaficle cultivator to obtain an acre of land in Vrictoria. But the Eureka Stockade emeide forced upon England the conviction that the people of Victolia had becol.e'dangerous5 A more liberal constitutioeU was the result. Then came the.cr.; for hind reforo 'and the. forming of the celeb.rted Conven tion. The occepation liceifses and free selection soon followed, emi sale num ber three of Australia elfx is5 now going on. Pervested from its'eoiginal 'purPoSe the'land Iaw hlas agai be.ome a mere accessory to egramcan crime. The squatter began by breaking the law. Himself, as ' rsle, of very ques tionable otigin h,:ie 'found tools ready made to his hands aljlover the colony, ifs that unfortunate *.class .which- Sir WILscrIA.c Desxesov liet loose upon us when the goldfields 'brolce out.. But this class, 'dcgi'aded as' they, were, ·have bean uqualled, if net" excelled, in the art of perjury, cosrupesion, and bribery, by a class wh se pews :at chnrch, are never cenpty on S?nds y. In early dateS crime was restrieteui to one class; to-da'y perjury is thesorule not the exception. Blackbii'rcbng, valueless cheqtpes, and duommyiii" with all its I degrading hlabits are the ansualmetlhds of. raising fands und.'isissgt to fortune in -Victoria. The risnisteyri?and the Legisla tive Assembly, alpaarcntly, dare' not stop this lan4Irobbery, otlhe;wise their supporters w'oo.ld deseat. them inthlree months.. The M'iinister of Lands has it in his power "to repress the shameless guilty scenes which disfigure. every agricultuirl 'eas- ofl tle colony:ia forty eight hours, but ist: would e' at the sacrifice of the Ministry, and their successors would in all probability have to bed even higher for the f.oe selectors vote, which at present rsles the colony. THE first ordin.ary monthly meeting- of the Caolac Shirc Council since the recent elections for, the three ridings ter minated, willfbe held to-morrow, when there is a greaAt deal of business await- ' - ing its considecation. The Shire Hall,. question is one. of the most important,, and as such will doubtless 'obtain primary , consideration. Unless the, Council chooses to stultify itself, and to transact its business in antagonism to local public opinion and in defian. oftheexpression of that opinion thro the recent poll or plebiscitum. of ratepayers on the question, it will de ide upon earnest and prompt steps to c, ry out the will of the ratepayers as to the erection of the Shire:Offices and Assem bly hall. The motion for the loaniof * £4000 for that purpose not having, , been legally passed, the Council did quiteright in rescinding it at the last. meeting on the motion of .Councillor iOBERTsos. . Councillors opposed to :; the erection" of the offices, however, iust not regard that motion as an en dorsement of their views, or ajusti tification of their attempts to over ride the will of tle ratep',yers. Councillor ROBERTSON'S motion was simply to rescind the wrong expression of a right decision, and the Council have now to commence de novo, as to the means they will adopt to cerry out the expressed: will of the ratepayers on this important question. We hope that either of the new councillors who may be opposed to the projected mew edifices will not press their personal predilections on that point. Before their return to the Council the question was decided in the affirmative, both by the Council and the ratepayers. And although the Council made a blunder in the mode of passing the loan by which the purpose was 'to be effected, the new members should not take advantage of that to burke the question and fool the ratepayers. The loan should be floated and .the. work pushed forward forthwith. If M-r. DATvIsoN will not now give a guaran tee in conformity with his agree ment, let the Council decline his contract, forfeit his premium, and accept the second besLtender, or apply for fresh ones. We would suggest a public meeting should be held' to urge the Council to proceed energetically with the new erections, as contracts for labor will not be procurable as:cheap in a few months hence as now. We think. also, that the present site is unsuitable in many respects, as " an "intelligent stranger" might 'easily mistake a new hall.there for a bank, a money order office; new post office, private chapel, or billiard room of the Commercial Hotel. The proper site for' the new hall and offices would be the Market Square. The Council could then sell- the old site, and the price would go a long way towards defraying. the1 cost of the new hall. Another miatter calling for consideration will lie thie bank overdraft, upon which' some action must be taken. The National Bank of Australasia has had the Shire account for the last 15 years, in fact ever since the bank was established in Colac. It is only fair that the other banks should now have a turn, and the Council should transfer its account to either the Bank of Victoria or the Colonial Bank. Another matter we would invite the attention of the Coun cil to is, the altogether unnecessary expense to which the ratepayers are put in connection with litigation and' Spolice office cases. Nomatterhowtrivial ithe case the Council may have in that Court, a solicitor is efiployed, as if the collective interests of the Shire were at stake, when probably the issue is ' not worth the solicitor's fee or a frac Stioniofit. If the municipal officials, whose province it is to attend to the case--be he rate collector or dog in Sspector, or other-is not capable of I clearly and explicitly stating his case to \- the bench, then the Couincil had better' \- replaco stich incompetent official with a more efficient" one. Th'epolice coii \- duct their own prosecutions anld why should -not 'shire offlcials, unless, of course, ii-. cases involvin g important i issues,-.-Ainother. important: matter 'is Sthat .of retiienchment-; The exlenses 'should. be: educid-: :hont 0 toli £1000 a year.-A question which some of the new members should take up is this, why have so many people been disfraiichised 'this year when their rates were paid in time 1 Whose fault Vwas thit, and why was this thus I It may be chance, it looks like something else, and it certainly is a remarkable co- incidence, that about twelve rate payers that we know of-and how in. iy- more, we are not aware-have beeu strck off the roll, although their Stes \'ere duly paid, anul all of then haqppe?i to !O Liberals ! We have only space"fot .?r.noter sug'eation which is, Stha:t the shire officials shou.i be imade to keep. with rZgularity some stac office hours. 