THE ETHNOLOGIST. THE ABORIGINES OF VICTORIA.* Mr. E. Brough Smyth's magnum 0£>u& com menced 16 years ago, and persevered in tuning such intervals of time as were available since then, has iuSt made its appearance* and we venture to think that it? can scarcely fail to: meet with a most cordial reception from, the ethnologists, anthropologists, and'philo logists of Europe and America, and to take its place as a work of standard authority in botn continents on all questions connected with the aboriginal races, not merely of Victoria, but of' other parts of Australia. Mr. Smyth has enjoyed exceptional oppor tunities of obtaining information respecting the customs of those raoes, andhe has turned them to excellent account. In a modestly written preface he acknowledges his obliga tions to those whahave co-operated with him in the production of this work, and it is one which reflects the utmost credit no less on the liberality of the various Administrations by which the necessary expenditure was, authorised, than upon the author himself. ' . Itq appearance is exceedingly well timed. The ultimate extinction of the blacks in Vic : toria, Mr. Smyth regards' as inentable; hud the publication of a work like this willhave the effect of exciting an interest in the eubjedtj of stimulating inquiry, and pf lead* ingito'^he collection ahd record pf agodd , many fqcts, which might otherwise pass into oblivion, without hbte or ootament. ' . Then, again, such a powerful Impulse has been communicated to the study of anthro * The Aborigines ot Victoria. By R, BroughSmvtli. Melbourne; Jqbn Eenoa. . , | , | 1 1 t ! pology, and the' cognate sciences, by tW popiuansation of the writings of mep liko Bluihenbach, Broca, Vogt, Topinard, Vott Baer, Gratiolet, Nott, Pouehet, Lyell, Tyler, De Quatrefages, Catlin, Lubbock, and Dac« i via, as ali o by the exhumation of the re mains of bo many of the primitive races in all parte of .Europe, that the addition of audi . a mass of information as has been gathered, together in the bulky Volume under notice, to the sum of previously accumulated know ledge on the subject, will be e^eriy welcomed by the scientists of the old. world. Equally acceptable will some portions of the book be to those who are engaged in investigating the origin of language. Canon Farrar will be especially gratified to learn how much support is given to the onomato* poetic theory by a great number of words in the Australian vocabulary over and above those be Has quoted in his Language and Languages. He holds that all matter-words, that is to say, those which supply the main, materials-of thought and speech, such as nounB and Verbs, signifying perceptible objects or distinct actions, spring from imitative sounds. The following abori ginal names certainly do so:—Wa-ak, crow: koorabwukoola, magpie; wooboolc, mopoke; koorookookoo, aove; petered,. plover; drumbullabul, thunder; moorret moorra, rattle; cliee-koorn-der, to sneeze; kong-kang, frogs ; trentin, tearing ; tampin, walking, &c.;, &c.; And it is interesting; to observe that where a name has to be applied to an animal previously unknown, the Aus tralian falls back upon the child's method of designating it by an obvious, onomatopoeia. Thus the barn-door fowl becomes chuck-muck, the domesticated dog, karl, from the noise he makes when he Briarls, and the gun drum- . bullabul, from the resemblance of its report to a clap of thunder. We have here some thing closely analagous to the Dutch rom melen, the German rumpeln, the Italian rimbambare, and the English rumble; all-of, them being imitative sounds. We may add that sign language, which Professor Harsh regards as having preceded articulate language, is in use among the abori gines ; and that, as might be expected, they possess no terms by which to express abstract ideas. But this is the characteristic of most savage dialects; and it ought to suggest some serious reflectionsas to the inutility of endeavouring to convey to the aboriginal mind ideas of this land, which are probably just as inconceivable as they are inexpressible by his intelligence. ■ Mr. Smyth's introductory chapter, covering 56 pages, and containing an epitomised state ment of the conclusions arrived at in the body of the work, is so full of instructive information that we should be glad to see it republished in a separate form, for the use of schools, and for the benefit of those to . whom the book itself will be inaccessible on account of its magnitude and costliness.. With respect to the question of race,.Mr. Smyth points ontthat in physical structure and colour, the Australian shows no resem blance to the Polynesian, the Malay, or the Chinese; while in his myths, his tales, and his superstitions, he also differs from all three. The late Oscar Peschel, we may re- . mind our readers, separated the Australians - and Tasmaniansinto a distinct group; and so does Dr. Topinard ; while Pickering speaks of them as being " almost as anoma lous as the inferior, animals and plants of the same quarter of the globe." Of the character .of the aboriginal Mr. Smyth writes:—"He is courageous when opposed to a mortal enemy, and timid in the darkness of night, when he believes that wicked spirits are abroad. He is cruel to his foes and kind to his friends. He will look upon infanticide with out repngnance, but he is affectionate in the • treatment of the children that are permitted to live. He will half-murder a girl in order to possess her as his wife, but he will protect her and love her when she resigns herself to his will. He is a murderer when his tribe requires a murder to be done; but in a.fight he is generous, and takes no unfair advan tage. He is affectionate towards his rela tives, and respectful and dutiful in his- be haviour to the aged. He is hospitable. He has many very good qualities, and many very bad onesand in the contrarieties of his mental constitution there is much to remind ns of the peculiarities, of the people of our own. race. As may be sup- - posed, there were no insane persons and no idiots amongst the Australians, and suicide was unknown Vhen they were living in their, wild state." Like the Anglo-Australian, , the aboriginal child is precocious, and begins to look about for food almost as soon as the young of the kangaroo. As a rule, children are kindly treated, and their parents do not resort to any contrivances for distorting them. " Young mothers kill the first-born child, because it is a burden, because it is weakly, perhapB because it is deformed." As to the punishment which a native inflicts upon his wife, Mr. Smyth ob serves, with a touch of sarcasm, " it is not so degrading, perhaps, but nearly that infiic as severe as that inflicted by the lower class of whites when their wives displease them. Instead of the hob-nailed shoe, the Aus tralian uses a weapon of war—a waddy." : In the matter of marriage, exogamy is universal. "A tribe is, in fact, but.an en largement of a family circle, and none-within it Gan intermarry. A man must get a wife . from a neighbouring tribe, either by consent, or by barter, or by theft." When a native is,. about to die, he is removed to a spot at some' ; little distance from his miam; and after, death, the corpse is so moved and. carried as to prevent the contact of the living with the dead, so that. instinct seems to suggest the same precautions as., would be imposed by sanitary science.. Like - most savage tribes, the Australians are firm ■ believers m spiritism, and they imagine . I that the ghosts of the dead linger about thov places to which they were attached in life. 1 The abode of these disembodied, entities, is supposed to be in regions either towards the setting sun, or in the east whew be- rises ; . whieh seems to indicate a sort oi vague oon-. sciousness that that luminary is. the souxce of vitalising power. The people are governed by the heads of families, who settle quarrels and preserve order." They haveplenty of-.amusements,, and exhibit an extraordinary skill and perse verance in hunting and fishing. They gd out in .a canoe at night and use torches to attract, the fish, just aB is done in the North of Eng land and Scotland, and they spear them^fitpx a bident in the shallow waters of the Murray, ' / precisely as the ancient Euyptiari did ih;th&'■ \ Nile. ■ On the ooast ofthi&coipny;, ML * r tells,'us, there, are.' accirimulationg &f; sheiiBi resembling ken-mUddinqs: of- Denmark.' ; stonjea ^hich hame been eridenSy sttieftwi,^.^ to tijeafctiomot' fir* togdiheEwith fragments oi \dtero<m brepa ih th<* .frilfcnd' ptirte 'ef Vi .pbsedbt ea^h.pharooai, ahhw «a of animate—the cooking placM Oi titel _. are also large and numerous.' * ywtrioausm formerly prevailed throughout the whole or Australia, but the dishes ^served up at such , feasts seem to have beea confined ti> suoou lent babies, and to the best joints cut from warriors who had been slain in battle. The native doctors are mnch trusted by the blacks; and it is evident that the former have some sort of intuitive comprehension •f the principles laid down by men like Dr. Take, Unzer, Midler, John Hunter, James H in ton, and others, with rtepect to the influence of the mind on the body, as a therapeutic agent The patient believes in the efficacy of the remedy administered to him, and the belied effects the care. "Twenty years ago," writes James H in ton, the famous aurist, " a doctor was walking through a field of peas. He took a few in his hand, and as he meditated, he rolled them between his fingers. While tbns engaged he passed by a noose where lived a woman deranged in health. "She thought if a doctor was rolling anything in his hands it must be a pill, and -asked him to give her Borne, for she had' taken much medicine, and coald get no better. He gave her two peas; she took them ; the next day he called and found that they had cored her." In other words, her imagination had cored her. And it is equally potent among the blacks. On the other hand, they frequently die under what we should con sider proper medical treatment They de spond, and the battle is lost Bishop Sal vado is quoted by Mr. Smyth as having observed that " when a native has been under treatment by a medical man, in a hospital or a private house, he has made no improve ment, but when consigned to the care of his friends, and taken to the bush, he has rapidly recovered." . I " Their vapour baths and their decoctions, Mr. Smyth says, " are more in accordance I •with our notions of treating diseases (than I their incantations, &c.;); and these, we may | suppose, did not arise out of their super stitions, but were the results of experience." They also anticipated white men in admitting females to practice medicine. The aboriginal ie, naturally, strong and healthy; it is onlv when he is placed m artificial conditions of life that he droops and withers. " The pro cess of selection which nature has employed in fitting him for the haunts he loves, is one which renders him a ready victim to the diseases that are the results of the kind of civilisation now existing, diseases which would be unknown were civilisation based on natural laws, aud not crippled by old superstitions nor held in bondage by vicious inventions." Speaking of the personal adornment of the females, Sir. Smyth remarks that it would be "difficult to name any of their customs that are not apparently the germs of varying phases of fashion that exist at the present day, the origui of which, unless we seek it in the habits of savages, is hidden from us." How true this is, as regards the various modes of dressing the hair which have beeninvogne among fashionable women in European and American society, daring the present cen tury, no one who is familiar with the illustrations of the travels of Livingstone, Schweinfurth, Cameron, Burton, and ^Stanley in Africa, will need to be reminded. In the decorative arts, the Australian is superior to many savage tribes. " Without culture and without refinement he is an artist. He paints in caves, in places where he has access to caves, and where there are none he bends a sheet of bark, smokes the inner surface until it is blackened, and then depicts with the nail of his thumb or a bone awl, pictures of birds and beasts, men and scenes in his life." But in all his pic torial essays, to his credit be it said, there is not a trace of indecency. He seems to excel in portraying the emu, which he represents with life-like accuracy in every variety of attitude, and in depicting trees. Mr. Smyth states, as the result of his ex amination of the cave pictures engraved in Sir George Grey's volumes, that, with one doubtful exception, they appear to be the work of natives, unassisted by any knowledge gained by intercourse with persons of a different race. The weapons and implements of the aborigines exhibit in gennity of design, skill in workmanship, a careful adaptation of means to ends, and a nice sense of symmetry and proportion in their ornamentation. Their message-sticks are highly interesting, and appear to be pre ferable to the quipa of the Peruvians as de scribed by Mr. Prescott. Mr. Smyth says:—"The Australians, according to the statements made by my correspon dents, and confirmed by the evidence I have ^produced, could really send mes sages, describe the events of a journey, aim furnish details of a kind likely to be useful .to their friends. It is not without interest and importance that one of these message-sticks should have been produced in a court of justice in Queensland, and inter preted by a native trooper." This was in June, 1870. when snch a missive was fonnd in the possession of an aboriginal named Jacob, to whom it was mysteriously con veyed while he was in prison by some mem bers of his tribe who wanted to rescue him, and the stick announced to him both their whereabouts and their purpose. With respect to the condition of this conti nent at the time the flint implement makers of the driff period in Europe were living, the author of this work remarks that it was "probablyan unpeopled tract, where the then nearly extinct volcanoes shed at times over, the landscape a feeble light, and the lion gnawing the bones of a kan garoo was watched with jackall- like eyes by the native dog, ready to eat up such scraps as his powerful enemy might leave when his hunger was appeased. It is almost certain that during the period of the large carnivorous marsupials man was not there to contest with him the right to tjie proceeds of the chase." At the same time, there is abun dance of evidence to show that the native race is of immense antiquity, and that'allthe languages spoken by the various tribes are derived from a common source. In Dr. Paul Topinard's valuable Etude gur leg Haces In di&nes; de PAugtraMe, he feels himself com-: pelled to declare'that " the primordial negroid element" in the population of this continent is autoctbonic: that this was, in fact, a dis tinct centre of evolution, and Mr. Smyth seems to regard the aborigines as having had their eouche in York Peninsula, from whence they flowed down in two streams, the one following the east and the other the west coast; and that when they came to this part . of the country, they pursued the course of the great rivers. " The area within which the custom of circumcision prevails, and per haps akiothe area within which the boome rang is hot used, point also to such divi-1 sions of the streams of immigration as! are suggested." That Tasmania once—in the later tertiary period—formed a continuous .southward extension of Victoria, is a fact clearly established on geological data; and, if it were, npt so, the original junction of the two lands wold rest upon the same kind of evidence which Mr. Wallace has. adduced 411 support of the theory that the | inlimdti nf ffinfliatm art' Borneo once formed part of itfc' -Malsy Peninsula, and that Jfor sam* rime i the most rm*therir (part Of Australia. But the Thrnnwuina7'weredarker, shoTter, max* jptaflmDr )**l pleasing in aspect than the people of the con tinent. Their hair was woolly and crisp, and some bore a likeness to the African negro. Their aspect was different from that of the Australians. In their form, their colour, and their hn.ir they were rather Papuan than Aimfcrftlifl.ii." There were also Papuan affinities in their dialects; while, as Mr. Smyth points out, Dr. Latham considers those affinities to be much stronger between theTasmanian and the New Caledonian languages than between those of Australia ana Tasmania. As con tributions towards the settlement of ethno logical problems, by comparative philology, it ■would be difficult to exaggerate the value of the vocabularies collected oy the author and occupying 220 pages of his book. It is to be hoped that wherever similar collections exist in manuscript, and we know of at least one such compiled by a lady in the Western district, who speaks the native dialect of the local tribe, they will be made public in the cause of science. High praise must be awarded to Mr. Smyth for the method and arrangement of his work, which has been systematically planned and executed; each section of it being complete in itself. Beginning with the physical and mental character of the natives, he passes on to speak of their numbers and distribution; the birth and education of their children, their marriage rites, ceremonies, and usages; their conduct with respect to the dying and the dead; their encampments and domestic life, property in land, personal rights, warlike con flicts,traffic, and pastimes: their food and their modes of procuring and cooking it; the diseases to which they are subject, and their methods of treating them ; their dress and personal ornaments, their artistic perform ances, their weapons of offence and defence, their implements and manufactures, their manner of producing lire, the material and construction of their canoes, and the myths which are current among them. The foregoing form the contents of the first volume, in which the chapter devoted to legends and traditions is not the least interesting. The story of the deluge, in which all the blackfellows were drowned, except one man and two or three women, is very curious, as illustrating the universality of the belief in such a catas trophe among savage tribes, who could not have been acquainted with the Mosaic re cord, and who had certainly no kinship with the Adamic family. George Catlin, who asserts that "the American Indians areas distinct from all the other races of the earth as the other races of the earth are distinct from each other," and who pronounces them to be unmistakably autocthonic—the monuments of Yucatan, he says, being far older than the time of Adam, makes the following remark:—" Of 120 different tribes which I have visited in North and South and Central America, every tribe has related to me, more or less distinctly, their traditions of the deluge, in which 'one,'or'three,'or ' eight' persons were saved above the waters, on the top of a high mountain." In Aus tralia, the place of refuge was supposed to be a mud island near Port Albert. Bat of course, under the circumstances, this would be no other than a mountain peak, covered with the slime left by the receding waters. What is the rational explanation of this world-wide myth ? The aborigines associate the introduction of death into the world with the approach of the first created man and woman to a tree, in which lived a certain bat, which was on no acconnt to be disturbed. But one day the woman was gathering firewood thereabonts, and the bat was startled and flew away. Then came death. We agree, however, with Mr; Smyth in snspecting the antiquity of this myth. Before man appeared upon the earth, the blacks believe it was inhabited by birds, over whom the eaglehawk was king. With re spect to the astronomical ideas of the natives, some interesting particulars are quoted from a paper by Mr. Stanbridge of Daylesford, who stated that certain families profess to possess a special knowledge of the constitution of the stellar universe. Accord ing to one of these families, belonging to the Boorong tribe in the Mallee country, " The earth is fiat, and was in darkness until the sun was made by Pupperimbul. This person was one of the race who then inhabited the earth, and who are now called Nurrumbung-uttias, or old spirits. They possessed fire, and also the same character istics as the present race: but were trans lated in various forms to the heavens before the present race came into existence. All the celestial bodies as well as all appear ances in space (tyriUe) are supposed to have been made by them. They exercise all spiritual influences, whether for good or evil, upon the earth, where they are represented in a material form amongst other creatures by the Pupperimbul (Estrelda Temporalis) to kill one of which would be avenged by a deluge of rain." The planet Jupiter is re garded as the husband of Venus; and the names and characteristics attributed to some of the principal constellations are by no means destitute of poetic beauty. The information which Mr. Smyth has ac cumulated with respect to the bunyip, so much dreaded by the natives, leaves very little room to doubt that there is an am phibious animal related to the seal tribe, in habiting some of the lakes of Australia and Tasmania, which has hitherto eluded ob servation and description by the naturalist Its bulk has been exaggerated by the terror it inspired, as was the case with the sea ser pent, but the fact of its existence rests upon evidence other than that of the aborigines, w hich is certainly entitled to credit The second volume of the work under review is mainly occupied with the language of the aborigines, the dialects into which it has branched off, and the names given by the natives to the various localities and natural features of this portion of Australia. Many of these are very -euphonious, and as they are also descriptive, their retention, wherever practicable, seems very desirable. Epithets like Longerenong, the dividing of the waters; Bombeet, muddy water; Bun bunger, a spring : Donnawalla, brackish lake; Mulleen, tea- tree spring; Monegol, little round swamp; Kurr-nung, a little watercourse; Toonallook, long narrow water;: Woorrara, a mountainous place; Langi-barrimal, the haunt of the emu; Benweixin, the long hill; Bundarra, the head of a plain; Porpapda, high mountains; Buln-buln, the lyfe bird ; ToombaL, a lake; Ballarat, a testing place; Warrenyeep, emu featherf, fee., will always possess an historical value, because they tend, where they are pre wire tlije ^tractive features of the localities to whitih and at the time when they were originally applied. The appendices, nine in number, are full of interesting matter contributed by Mr. Philip. Ghauncy, the Rev. W. Ridley, Mr. Albert A. C.Le Scra&f;,Mr. Alfred Howitt, Mr. W. Locke, Professor Halfora, and the late Messrs J. M. Davis and A. F. A. Greeves, and a-conclud ing chapter, is'devoted to the aborigines, of Tasmania The 'work has been handsomely printed Jby Mr. Ferres, and,is copiously illus trated With woodcuts, which have been well engraved by Mr. F, Grosse, while its value is comuieed by a good, indsx and by amap showing approximately sottfe of the areas occupied by the aboriginal tribes of Vic- - toria. , We may confidently predict that the book rs one which 'will immediately take and per manently maintain a high place in the litera- .. tureof ethnology as well as of linguistic and ' anthropological science. And when the(poli tical conflicts of the first half century of Vic torian history^ and the actors in them, who strutted and fretted their little hour upon the legislative stage, have passed away and been, forgotten, it may perhaps be remembered to the credit of some of them that they asked the Legislature for the rime being to autho rise the expenditure of the money reqiaired f6r the printing, illustrating, and publication of The Aborigines of Victoria. Mr. Smyth's reward will be the acquisition of an enduring reputation as the author of a work which it has been a pleasure to read, a source of in struction to study, and a duty to praise. I A correspondent of The Argus, writing in j reference to the statement in the foregoing that" in the matter of marriage exogamy is universal," says the following sentence is quoted, apparently from the work:—"A tribe is, m fact, but an enlargement of & family circle, and none within it can inter marry. A man must get a wife from a neigh bouring tribe, either by consent or by barter or by theft." I hope that such a sentence is not contained in a work published at the public expense. It is absolutely incorrect. There are very precise laws or customs which regulate the power of marriage within each tribe, and these laws have been found so prevalent throughout Australia that they may be said to be universal. Sir George Grey gave valuable information about them in his work published in 1841. The Rev. W. Ridley describes them in his KamUaroL The ardent Roman Catholic BiBhop Salvado has defined them as they exist on the West Coast, and formulated them in the shape of a tree (like a genealogical tree) of marriage laws, which may be accepted as the most popular exposition of them yet published, in the Aborigines of Victoria Dr. Salvado's tree is quoted, and it is hard to understand how, after seeing that tree, Mr. Smyth could write the absurd sentence which your reviewer has cited from the work. The Australian marriage laws con scarcely be B&id; to be based upon " family " distinc tions, inasmuch as though every individual in a tribe belonged (say) to one of six designa tions, in about half of which it was lawful for him to choose a wife, and unlawful in the others, yet the descendant of his offspring might marry into one of the other designa tions, with which the stirps in this illustra tion might not marry. Thus—take A, B, and C, D, E, and P, as the designations in a tribe. Every soul in it belonged necessarily to one or other. The man A (Bishop Salvado's Tirarop) of course couldnot marry an A He might marry B, C, or P. but not A, D, or E. The child always followed the designation of the mother. The child of A by B Became B, oould not marry B or F, but might many A, C, D, orE. Sometimes the prohibition extended to half the designations. I have selected one of the cases in which two were prohibited, and four permitted. Thus, it is clear that the designations were not exactly family distinctions, bnt designa tions for every individual in a tribe, fixed by l&wa; of descent and marriage, which were never .broken, and which may have been the remnant of some wider polity which the ancestors of the race brought with them when stranded on the Australian shores. They effectually prohibited incest. So com pletely is it untrue that exogamy was com pulsory, that very often in a tribe there was hardly a girl not betrothed by her parents, while she was less than six years old, to 1 another of the tribe. —Yours, sc., Sept 7. A.-B.C. 