A TJROUBLESOME GHOST. Our (Hiveritie Herald) Moamacorrospondont, writing oil Wednesday sends us the following anent " The Moama Ghost:" " Tlie Ghost" seems to be tho absorbing topic just, now at Moama. The war news is nothing to it. " Have you been out to see tho ghost!" in quires one ; " Have you heard the news of 110 leas than thirty persons having seen tho ghost!" inquires another. So that people begin to tiiinkat least there must be " some thing in it," and from the information to hand, and from what I htwii lie,ltd from tho lips of the patties who 3ay they have seen tho ghost, I glean tho following which may interest your readers:—Aboutteu miles from Moama, on the east side of tho line, stand? a dummy, house. This house has been occu pied by a party of dam-sinkera and bark ringers. These men aver that about a fort night ago they were disturbed by knockings on the iron roof, and that upon gutting up the}' saw the tignre of a vronUui, when one among their number put tho question, " What do you want,'Missus}" to which the ligure replied that she had been murdered near that spot, and that the bones of herself ind infant would be found towards tho end of the hut, where they were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan the bushranger. One of tho party, who possessed a whip, made a strike at the ligure, which did not move. Tho following day the hibwa Spread, and tho next night a latgo party assembled when the apparition again Made its appearance, and the whole of these persons swear most distinctly tliat tliey aawtho figure of a woman, and nothing can induce thorn tl> think other wise. Last night a detachment of the Moama police, under tho command of Sergoant Vaughan, went out to see if there wa8 any thing to bo seen, and tliore is 110 doubt if any person had been " playing larks" he would havo received a littlo cold load. Upon the return of one of the police this morning I ascertained that while in tho house last night a terrific noise was mudo on the roof like tho Bound of a hammer, whoreupon tho party rushed out of the houso, but could see nothing. Tho noise was repeated sevoral times and many of tho party, amongst whom were men supposed to be possessodof courage, seemed very glad 011 tho approach of tiio grey dawn. The mystery, however remains the same, and another party is to be organised, who, together with the polico, intond to go out again to try and clear up tho mystery. Tho men who were living in the hut have left it to tho ghost, and gone and catnpod near a dain> It seems remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed, and positively aver that there is something in it. 