.u; MACBETH. Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever, essay ist, and who has written most abiy on the subject of " Macbeth," character ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression," yet marked with great simplicity of general I design. The date of the production of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, I and " we may trdce it for granted," says Kenny, "that it was written in the time of James the First, who I ascended the throne March, 1603, as it contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a I complimentary reference to him in an other part. The material for the play was found by Shakespeare in Holin- i shed's History of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." ' The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- ) sented to have been cousins ; the first a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ' sition, and the latter " so soft and ) gentle in his nature that the people wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and ' \ interchangeably sliared' betwi.xt tkem that where the one had too much of ) clemency and tlie other of cruelty, tlie V main virtue belween these two extre mities might have reigned by indiffer- ) ent partition in them both. Tlie play V all along keeps close to the line of ' Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the non- . appearance in the banquet scene of the ' murdered Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy lias been presented in . Melbourne we believe oftener than any ' other of Shakespeare's work's. ' The late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, k Charles Vincent, in their time essayed r the part, and we have had other repre- sentativcs, from the burly McKean . Buchanan and James Anderson to the ? little dapper J; B. Howe. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne dehut in the r6le of the Thane of CaW' ) dor. Of those who have, we now call \ to mind Mr. C. W. Bany, at the The atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. .Charles Poole supporting him as Ea Mac- \ hcth, Mr. Henry Edwardsraacrfw/", f Mrs. W-interbottom / the principal singing witches were ' Hancock airid the late Julia Matthews, f Previous. to thait; on A.ug/2S,.l8s8, at / Jhe me theaUe, there burnt .iipofi' thev ..theatiical'L'h'"'"®''' v "Rosciusi Master EdwarR Pole,- aged 14\. - He also played the part, whichras a feat . of memory was extremely won-:/ derful. /This gentlemaq Has long left > the stage a!nd. become a" 't family man,'' J " and /now follows; the prosaic .business ( of a thriving paperhanger. / J At the tinie of the " Ghost" Vse'nsa: \ tion in Melbourne', in 1863, this tragedy / was revived to be producedSvith " Pep- J per's 'ghost effects," . which were an- , \ nounced as " combining- the real with '/ the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- J cal, the positive and the illusory." with \ thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late (. James Simnionds. The part of Mao- / het/i was alternately played, by Messrs. j R. Youhge" and Henry Edward's, the/ Eady Machcth was by the late charm- ing Annie Lockhart. . j > \ It was in the part of the " Thane's ' guilty wife" that Miss Goddard (Mrs. ( Capel) made her bow before a Mel- i bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ( August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke f 'appearing as" Mflce74. > "1 yThe -Ppera. of " Macbeth, hy Verdi, \ has/bce'iv' presented in Melbourne' by ( ' two diffeVeht companies at an interval J .of twelve years. The first production J, was at tlie Theatre Royal, September ( , ff,J85p,i\yith the Bianchi 'Ppera tbm- i paiiy. Signora 'Biaiichi undertook, the music, of Lrtr7;/ 'Slachnth, Signor Bianchi ( Maodujj', Emile Coulon Macbeth, John 1 'Uregg Bdnqiio, 'Walter Sherwin Mai- f colin. and Mr. John Winterbottom was / conductor of the orchestra. Thei se- 1 cohd time the Opera was revived was ( at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. J W. S. Lyster and. Oagli. "The title j r6le (Macbeth) was allotted to Signor ( Tburnerie, Maorfit/f to Signor Leahdrq , ) Coy, Bany 7/0 to Signor Dondi, Mai-, j eol7n to Signor Beiisp, PEysicia/n to c Sigiibr Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora ; Touriierie, and Dadij iJLacbetli to Sig- ' nora Zenoni. : / 