PROSELYTISING. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-As book, of which the following is an extract, is being distributed, as opportunity offers, by the Episcopal clergyman of this district to those outside his communion for tho purpose of prosely- tising : " In IHptism you were made by the Holy Spirit, then given you, ' a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven.'" " In confirmation the Holy Spirit completes the work. He began in you at Baptism, and makes you a perfect Christian." St. Paul says that God saved us by " the washing of regeneration" or new birth in Baptism), and renewing of the Holy Ghost (in confirmation). My purpose, however, in writing is not to expose the unscrupulousness of the theory set forth. Such a work is altogether unnecessary, for any who will use the intelligence God may have given them in reading the Scriptures. I want rather to call the attention of non-Episcopal Ministe! s to what is being done quietly but zealously, for unsettling the people of their congregations, I want furthermost those Episcopal ministers, in reference to those who have been baptised by non Episcopal Ministers, and consequently where there was no pretence to baptismal regeneration ; if such can be made " perfect Christians " by confirmation. The first act being wanting, on the second, a sequence of the first, be of any effect? Not being an episcopal minister, I cannot pretend to know how this great change is effected in baptism, if it is given to the Operator to have any knowledge of such change being effected. Though I cannot bring the experience of an episcopal minister to hear upon the baptismal question, I can bring to hear on the matter the experience of being baptised Christened is the proper term, I believe by episcopal hands. I recollect very distinctly being subjected to the rite of baptism by a minister of the Church of England, in that country where one might suppose, if the thorny had any virtue, it would be, there I remember the application of water and the sign of the cross being made, but I remember nothing of a change accompanying those acts corresponding with that spoken of in the extract, constituting inn "member of- Christ, and an in- heritor of the Kingdom of Heaven." It was my lot also to be confirmed. I can recall the place, the grand old building spacious and lofty, Trinity Church, Hull, and the venerable appearance of the Archbishop of York. I can still see the place I occupied at the altar, and recollect the laying on of hands by the Archbishop, line I cannot recall the remembrance of any spiritual power of the character spoken of in the above extract adoompiuiylng Birch act, making me a perfect Christian. Alas, for such perfection. Neither baptismal, regeneration, nor confirmation of the character taught in the extract, were, known to, npnstotfo times, or the office of Bishop, as held in the episcopal of it roll, Archbishop Wheatley being judge, and none more qualified. He (the Archbishop) says that the first bishops were minister of Congregational Churches, As to the results of the teaching of the extract, as given in papers received by the last mail, IIB shown at Brighton, England. In one month two curates, the organist, and forty members of one episcopal church, Receded to the Roman Catholic Church, and during the period of one year one hundred had I seceded from the same church to Rome, -Yours, etc.', I 1 Brighton, J. H, S, I 