AMUSEMENTS.. The Mavis, or the Story of a Poor Girl of Sydney, is the title of the play now being performed at the Academy of Music. In tho bills it is called an entirely new play, bufc it /bears a wonderful resemblance to the French piece Madeline, or the Belle of the Faubourg, colored with local tints in tho Bhape of a view of Darlinghursfc gaol, and tho introduction of a few. colonial colloquialisms. Tho heroine of the plot is Annie (The Mavis), who suffers all the pangs of a wife wedded to an artisan who prefers tho tap- room and the skittle-ground to the workshop. The Mavis, unable to supporfcher baby, deposits it on the doorstep of the orphan asylum, and after plying the knocker abandons the little one. A mysterious person envelopod in a mam moth cloak, and possessed of a pasteboard nose of colossal proportions, who rejoices in the name of Dr. Slydell.. steals the child in order to substitute ifc for the baby of a rich widow, Mrs. Robinson, which ia under his care, and upon the convaleaence of which de pends his union witn tne motner. xno mavis, deserted by her husband, visits the house of Mrs. Robinson in search of employment, and seeing the child which Slydell had sub atitufced for the widow's dying child, recog nises it as her own and claims ifc. Slydell manages to get the Ma via incarcerated in a lunatic asylum, and hiB plot appears to pros per when a deus ex machina in the shape of Henry Robinson, a cousin of the rich widow's, appears on the scene. He discovers that Slydell i3 an American convict, and sue ceeds in making one Sol. Davis, the bad genius of the Mavis's husband, and who was in Slydell's confidence, tell all he knows about the exchange of children. MrB. Robinson gives her hand where her heart always was, to tho cousin, who loved her before she became a wife. Donald Deering, tho drunken journeyman carpenter, reforms, and by the love he be stows upon the Mavis compensates her for the misery. slie suffered during the early portion of their union. The dialogue of the piece never riseB above the. level of the most commonplace mediocrity, and the situa tions partake as much of the bur lesque as they do of the sensational. The episode of the child being left on the doorstep of the orphan asylum is particularly ridiculous. The anguish of the mother at having to abandon her infant falls into in significance beside the hyper-melodramatic character of Dr. Slydell's action. Wrapped in his cloak he steals about the stage' with all the caution and mystery of the burlesque ruffian, . and finally pounces upon the child with a comic vigor only exceeded by the alacrity with which he makes traoks whon he has secured his prize. Tho vision of the Sister of Charity who appears in the door, way of the asylum in obedienoe to the sum mons, after the ohild has been stolen, and who feebly waves a tall tallow dip about, gazes blankly iuto vacanoy, and then retires, adds considerably to tho comic effect of the situation. As a whole the piece possesses nothing to recommend it, and offers but little Bcope for a display ot dramatic ability on tho part of the actors and actresses en gaged in it. The character of the Mavis was undertaken by Miss Beatrice, who aofced carofully, and without exaggerating effects gave proof of considerable dramatic power worthy of a bettor cnuso. Donald Deering, tho sottish journeyman carpenter, was played by i\lr. Doraay Ogden.- Considering that ho is constantly either intoxicated or suf fering a recovery, it may be imagined that the character is not a pleasing_ ono, becoming moro repulsive in proportion as it ia naturally played, and ns tho delineator aucceoda in depicting the disgust iug details of drunkenness, or of sullen semi-eobriefcy, Mr. Ogden made tho moat of tho part, his protestations of reform nnd his assertions ot independence whon taunted by Sol. Davis with being under potticoat government being worked out cdeotivoly. Mr. T. J. Horndon as Sol. Davis gave proof of considerable aptitude for low comedy, and ho would no doubt have been better had the part afforded him the means of being so. ' Mr. Shaw Cross as Dr. Syldell' looked like an Italian brigand ; and Mr. H. Flemming as Henry Robinson, a retired digger, with his pockets full of gold, but otherwise a complete nonentity, acted fairly. Miss Meta Pelham, who undertook the part of Mrs. RobinsqD, played quietly and care, fully. Between' the acts Mr. Montague Scott produces rapid and striking likenesses of several Melbourne celebrites. Tho Princess's Theatre was opened last Saturday evening, under the management of Mr. Morton Tavares, when, for the first time during a number of years, Tom Taylor'a comedy, The Overland Route, was produced. There are no very strong situations in the piece, but the characters are naturally drawn, the dialogue is easy, and the inci« x dents are amusing. The first two acts play on board a P. and O. boat, homeward bound from India. On board are congregated tho UBualmiscellaneousassortmenfcof passengers — a charming young wife, Mrs. Seabright, who in her desire to bo made much of allows the impression to get abroad that she is a widow; the languid diplomatist, Sir Solomon Fruser ; a civil servant under a cloud, Mr. Cole pepper, and his youthful daughter ; a would be fire-eater, Major M'Turk ; a lady of mature ago, Mrs. Lovibond ; and Moleskin, a., detective. There is ako a passenger named Downio on board, who during the voyage is arrested by tho detective for forgery, and who turns out to be the husband of Mrs. Loviboud, tho two not having met for ten years. Lovibond pur chased his ticket fromDownie, the defaulter, and assumed his name. Hi3 appearance in liia true character makes things confused, seeing that his wife, believing herBelf a widow, had accepted the offer of Major M 'Turk's hand and heart. True to her first love, she acknowledges Lovibond, and identifies him. This will not; satisfy the detective, and ho is kept in handcuffs until the real Downieis discovered stowed away amongst the steerage passon« gers. Mrs. Seabright receives the attentioa / of Sir Solomon Fraser and Mr. Colopepper, playing ono oil against the other. The chief character in the play ia Tom Dexter, a me dical man, who had taken his passage in tho steerage, bufc who takes the place of the sur geon of the ship, who is incapacitated by illneBsfromperforminghisduties. TomDextor is soon the confidant of everybody. Know ing the husband of Mrs. Seabright, headvisea thai; lady to give up flirting, and to boldly acknowledge that she is no widow. Ho consoles the unfortunate Lovibond, ' and listens with patienco to the ill natured things that Sir Solomon Fraser and ? Mr. Colopepper Bay of eaoh other. The steamer' ib wrecked, and the third act plays upon the coral reef upon which the passengers have been landed. Hore tho true character of the different characters comes oufc. Dexter is the prime mover and organiser in everything. Mra. Seabright forgets all her desire for flirting, and officiates with a will as nurse to the sick. Colepepper throws off bis dignity, and is ready to fcura his hand to anything. Sir Solomon l'Yaser, deprived of his hairdye, ♦ padding, and false teeth, presents a miser able picture ; and the bully.M'Turk, in his craving for stimulants, becomes an abject coward ; while Lovibond, strong in the pos session of a pair of boots, rejoices in -lug severance from the odious detective, who having lost his boots cannot follow his pri soner barefooted about the coral reef. Dexter gets possession of some dia monds that; Sir Solomon had obtained as a bribe from a certain prince, and which he had given to Mrs, Seabright. On being advised to return them he promises to restore them to the rightful owner. - Doxter also discovers in the hold of tba foundered ship a box of vouchers, Btolen during the mutiny, and which serve to put Colepepper'a accounts right. These he givea to Cole pepper, aud in return obtains the hand of hia daughter, whom he has long loved. The comedy concludes by all being rescued from the reef by a ship com manded by Mrs. Seabright's huaband. Mrs. Tavares assumed the part of Mrs. Sea. bright, and her acting waa graceful and sparkling to a high degree, while the con trast between her love of excitement and attention, and the portrayal of thoBO womanly aualifciea called into existence by the sufferings of others, was effectively marked. Mr. Tavares aa Tom Dexter, the light comedy part of the piece, aoted capi. tally. He waa sprightly, mercurial, and was full of go and vivacity. The old beau, Sir Solomon Frasor, was well impersonated by Mr. VV. G. Carey; and the same may be said of Mr. Wallace's Colepepper. Mr. Lovi. bond, alias Downie, in the hands of Mr. S. Poole, is made tho source of great anir.ss« menfc. Hia acting was characterised by quaint humor; and in tho absurd situations in which he is placed was provocative of mirth without being overdone. Major M'Turk was fairly played by Mr. Beiton, and Mr, Metcalfo as the fashionable Captain Cover ing waB not ineffective. Moleskin, the de tective, was done justice to by Mr. M. Fordo, and the same may be said of Mr. Dias aa Captain Grant, and Mr. Griffiths at Tofctles, the steward. Mrs. Wooldridge as Mrs. Lovibond acted with her usual skill; and Miss Foide played the part of Misa Colepeppor naturally. The scenery waa effective, and the piece waa mounted with a particular attention to correct details. On Wednesday the School for Scandal was produced, when Mrs. TavareB, as Lady Teazle, was graceful, sparkling and charming, and fully sustained the reputation she earned when she last ap peared in thiR oharaoter at the Academy of Music. Mr. Tavares gavo a skilful render, ing of Sir Peter, and the remainder of tho characters were done justice to. To-night will beproduced for tho first time a new sen sational drama, British Born. At the Theatre Royal Honry V. has been continued during tho week, and Mr. Rignold'a impersonation of tho doughty monarch has lost none of ita attractions. j The arrival of Mr. Wyborfc Reeve, under engagement to tho management of the theatre, has necessitated tho withdrawal of Honry V. To-night Mr. Reevo will appear as Count Fosoo in Wilkie Collins's drama tised vorsion of his novel, The Woman ia White. At tho Opera Houso Mr. W. Croswiolc hag repeated his clover impersonation of Cardinal Wolaoy in ShakspoarVs play, Henry VIII. On Wednesday Mr. Creswick appeared as Hamlet. His im jereonariou betrays careful Btucly and intelli. gent conception. Hia best efforts were in the colloquial scenes, the main points being made with fcoud effect. Miss Adelaide Bow ring as. the Queen of Denmark acted wiMi he coming dignity, and aa ocoasion required displayed dramatic force and pathos to »n artistic degree. AJisa Helen Aahton'sOpuuha was monotonous, Ib lacked both tene and coloring, and cannot bo classed as one of her most successful performances. 1 he Ghost was well played by Mr. Ireland. The remainder of the characters do not call for special mention. The U. S. Minstrels contiuue in favor at St. George's Hal], both the musical portion of the entertainment and tho eccentricities Of the company being excellent. Profesaor Hennicke'a legordomain feats at the Apollo Hall are clever. The imitation ?of so-called spirit slate writing is excessively well managed. On Friday evening last tho scientific and musical entertainment, in aid of the Chinese Famine Fund, in tho Town Hall, was repeated with successful results. D'Arcy Bead's Ghost entertainment was presented for the firet time in the hall of the Melbourne Atbenfcum on Wednesday evening. The programme consists first of the Knight Watching' his Armor in a Church, which during the night is besieged by phan. tome. Christy Minstrels are next introduced, who indulge in the usual eccentricities of fclieir class, their place being taken at the conclusion of the performance by a number of phantom minstrels. In the ghost revels, which form the best portion of the entertainment much fun is derived from the weird antics of the inhabitants of ghost laud, who, in defiance of the laws of gravitation, assume most in credible positions on and about the stage. The effects which are produced by a skilful arrangement of lights are comically excel lent, and are provocative of unbounded amusement. The South Melbourne Tonic Sol-fa Asso elation gave an entertainment on Thursday evening, in the Mechanics' Institute, Erne, raid-hill. The cantata, the Building of the Ship, composed by Henry Lahee, tho words of which are by Longfellow, was on the whole creditably performed, the choruses being remarkable for precision and steadi ness. Several vocal solos and part song3 were well given by the various performers. The principal vocalists were Madame Stein bach, Miss F. Liddiord, Messrs. F. S. Whitehead and E. Fitzgerald. Mr. T. J. Lamble officiated as conductor. Mise Ada Willetta, a juvenile pianiste, Bged ten years, gave a private pianoforte recital in the Town Hall on Thursday after noon. She played Gottsehalk's Last Hope, a grand waltz by Chopin, Handel's Har monioua Blacksmith, Ascher's Alice, Where Art Thou ? and Thalberg's Home, Sweet home. Miss Willett play3 with wonderful precision and expression, and possesses a really marvellous execution. Her touch is crisp, and in the subdued passages was marked by great delicacy. A great charm of her playing is the repose and ease with which it is accomplished. Miss Willetta will make her first public appearance in Melbourne at the popular promenade concert next Monday evening. Tho principal attraction at the popular promenade concert in the Town Hall on Monday last was the piano playing of Mdlle. Olga Duboin, tho Russian artist. Her first piece was her own arrangement of ?Russian airs, which was rendered in such an efFeotivo-style as to evoke a demand for an encore. In response Mdlle. Duboin played another piece of her own, in which nhe was equally Buccessful. Her second piece in the programme was an arrange ment of Spanish nirs, the rendering of which was most effective. An encore was tho result, to whioh she responded by playing 'the well-known arrangement of airs from Traviata. Miss A. E. Wangenheim Bang the popular air from Traviata, Ah fors e lui, with such taste and power as to elicit genuine applause. She also gave the song entitled Sweet Olden Days. The audience demanded an encore in each case, but only after the latter was it granted, Miss Wangenheim singing the first verse of Comin' thro' the Eye. Mr. B. T. Moroney, ?Mr. F. Dawson and Mr. Furlong also sang several pieces, acquitting themselves with the skill and taste which have characterised their ?vocal efforta hitherto. Mias Bessie Jukes also sang a couple of pieces, The Lover and the Bird, and Will he Corae. obtainin' much applause. Mr. Chsrles Sykes acted as conductor during the evening, and played several eoios on the organ with his usual skill. _The People's Concert at the Temperance Hall, Russell-street, was well attended on Saturday evening. The Misses Barber were encored for their rendering of the duet, the -Lily and the Eose. The entertainment con. eluded with a comic sketch, entitled He Carries a Eazor, which wss most amusing. ThenewEoman Catholic Church at Briago ' long was opened on Wednesday by Arch bishop Goold. Visitors from Sale and other . part3 attended the ceremony. The weekly meeting of the executive com mittee of the Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibl. tion was held on Friday ; Mr. D. Beath in the chair. The report of the building com mittee, recommending tho erection of tem porary buildings on the ground in Swanston Btreet, the estimated cost to be about £3500, was received and adopted. A preliminary plan prepared by Mr. Eeed, of Eeed and .Barnes, was placed before the committee ? and it was resolved that full estimates of the cost of buildings, &c;, be obtained for the next meeting. It was moved by Mr. De Gruchy, seconded by Mr. Eobotham, and oar ried, 'That the necessary funds for the erection of buildings be raised by the issue of 1000 debentures of £5 eaob, such deben tures to entitle the holder to a season ticket for tho whole time the exhibition re mains open, and to a return of the amount of debenture should the undertaking prove successful, as it ia considered a certainty by the executive committee.' The position 'of the proposed buildings ia very central, and the plan, if carried out, presents a very attractive appearance. The number and quality of the exhibits already com fenced aro very encouraging. Arrange. .S SrmSl * proparinfi tUe fir8t °ffi 1 1 V 