, I sat) Marriage of the King of Spain, by the (From the Times' Correspondent.); | reach Madrid, January 23. 9 At a quarter-past 12 o'clock; the 'Mocha Church, where the marriage was to be solemnised is filled with spectators. The ambassadors off England, Austria, Germany, and France are present. The young King wears the venerated' and fine uniform of captain-general, the grand) cordon of San, Fernando, and the grand gold collar of the Golden Fleece. ' It is three years since I have seen him, and he is a good deal altered j he is taller, his shoulders are broader, he looks frank and resolute, and his well-formed' head is not cast into the shade by the splendor of' his uniform. Short brown whiskers and a fine coquettish moustache give him an air of manly youth, which strikes everybody. His hair is brown, rich, and glossy. On reaching his Boat he turns towards the spectators with a frank and' natural smile, greets one with a nod, another with the hand, addresseD a few words to the ladies of honor placed behind him, and exhibits a joyful and happy expression, which lights up his open face. One may be sure that at this moment ideas of devotion prevail in every heart, he is one of the rare moments in a king's life quite free from shadow. Presently the organ sounds, the king quickly turns towards the portal, and the grandees of the kingdom who have followed in his train range themselves on both sides to make room for the passage of the young Queen's procession. Princess Mercedes, rather pale, and her fine dark eyes slightly moistened by emotion, slowly advances on the arm of the Princess of the Asturias, who takes the place of Queen Christian, who is unwell. She is dressed in white satin, the mantle being also white and richly embroidered.' Her white mantilla is fastened by a diamond brooch; a light crown of diamonds is on her brow. Her figure is rather stout-set, but full of grace, her pale face contrasting with lips of charming redness She bends before the altar and casts down her eyes before the loving smile of the king. The Princess of the Asturias is dressed in white satin, with a grenadine velvet mantle. She has the serious manner of a young mother watching over her child. Behind her is the Duo do Montpelier, in captain-general uniform, with the cordon and collar of Charles III. The Infanta, Lmb wife, wears a gray, dress, wearing, like the Princess of Asturias and the three other In- Santas, the grand Cordon of Maria Louisa in white and velvet stripes. Behind her is the young Duc de Montpensier, a boy of 16, dressed in velvet, with a lively and rather restless eye for his age. The Comtesse de Paris, the Queen's Winter, has a robe of rose-colored satin, with a train of the same color. The Comte de Paris is in the uniform of a colonel of the French Territorial Army. Princess Ernestine, another eldest sister of the Queen, is in a mauve colored dress, with a train of the same color, The Patriarch of the Indies, the Cardinal Archbishop of Bo narideB, his white ornaments embroidered with gold, the crosier in his hand, the silver mitre on his head, who has been to meet the King at the door, of the church, stands at the foot of the altar, surrounded by his clergy. The King is placed at his niece, Princess Mercedes and the Princess of the Asturias have joined' them. Everybody is standing. The members of the family are ranged in the following order on the red fasteners along the platforms: One of the first is empty; Don Francis Assisi, the three infants, the Duchess de Montpensier, the Duc de Montpensier, the young Duke, the Comtesse de Paris, the Comte de Paris, and Princess Ernestine. After them came the Grand Duke of Modino-Sidonia, Marchioness of Redman and Malins, another great personage in the costume of a Knight of Malta, the people of the kingdom, and the chamberlains and officers of the household, while the Ministers of the kingdom are seated : before the diplomatic tribunes, and the senate and deputies fill their platform. Every body is standing, the patriarch reading, in a clear and firm voice, from a red book with gilt clasps and- royal arms, the words customary at marriages of the Spanish kings. Senor Don Alfonso of , Bourbon Catholic King of Spain, you having determined to marry your august first cousin, the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and; Bourbon, Infante of Spain, for which marriage his Holiness has granted, a dispensation of the impediment of relationship in the second degree of consanguinity and others. It still remains to be known whether you are aware of any other obstacle which prevents' you from contracting this marriage; whether your have any other spiritual relationship with the said most serene Senora Infante of Spain; whether you have given your word to any other body ; whether you have made a vow of chastity or religion, or there is any natural impediment in the way of the validity of this marriage and finally," whether you contract it of your own spontaneous and free will Declare it on the faith of your royal word." The Patriarch, giving the ring to one of his coadjutors, addresses both the King and the Princess Mercedes, and calls upon them in pretty much the same terms to declare whether there is any impediment to the marriage. Then, turning to the Princess Mercedes, he says:? "Most serene Senhora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infante of Spain, will you have for your lawful spouse and husband, as the holy Catholic, and Apostolic Church directs, Don Alfonso' XII., Catholic King of Spain?" Answer, .'' I will." "Do you agree to be the spouse and wife of Senor Don Alfonso XII. of Bourbon,, Catholic King, of Spain ?" Answer, "I consent." f Doyen receive the said Senor Don Alfonso' XII. of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, for your spouse and husband 1" Answer, I do." At this moment the Princess of Asturias bends' towards the young Queen and says a few words to her. The two Princesses descend from the altar towards the Duke and Duchess de Montpensier. The bride bends before the Duke tolosa his hand. The Duke prevents her and kisses her on the forehead. The Barrio happens with the Duchess. This is the public sign of External consent, the indication that the Princess as become Queen and must no longer kiss the hand. The two Princesses return to the altar. The Patriarch resumes:? Senior Don Alfonso XII of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, will you take the most serene Senora Dona Maria de, las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infante of Spain,' for your spouse ul I and lawful wife,' as, the holy Catholic and Apos er I tolic Church directs?".. Answer, "I will.". "Do x-. you agree to be the spouse and husband of the oft the for two are there the fire play one! bill with kne gran and the one mu figs may ( as his the: of ave dat fm tog pile loo tw most serene Senora Dona Maria de. Las' Mercedes: of Orleans and Bourbon, Infantile?? Spain?!' Answer, 'I do." Do you. receive for your spouse and wife the most; serene Senora Dona Maria de Las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon,; Infante of Spain!"' Answer, "I do." "And I, on behalf of Almighty God and the blessed apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and Holy Mother Church, marry you, Senor Don Alfonso , XII. of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, and you, the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, and this Sacrament of Marriage I confirm in the name of the Father,: the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen." .: The King and Queen, preceded by the Duke of Sesto, the, Grand Master of the Palace, in full uniform, the grand cordon and gold collar on his book, now take their seats on the throne, and the mass commences The music is sweet and resonant. Towards the close the King and Queen rise as well as all present, and the Patriarch addresses them in the following words:? "Now that your Majesties have received the benediction according to the custom of the church, I. admonish you to be loyal to one another; in time of prayer, and especially of feasts and festivities, to observe chastity . I admonish you to love each other as husband rwsd wife, and to, remain in the fear of God. Amen. I give your Majesty a companion and not a sham Love her as Christ loves his church." 