ihtol-oiimcallollujoiiicje the r.jcrxcirsray ji.vks SiimiiAr, Avaun 1'tii, W7H. Imvo got abroad in some 'f the country districts rvsjwctilig llio ))il! ' M | -rorulv f..r tho maintenance of Main Itr.nl- and pondence roceired we gaUior that mativ l»rsoDB eorjfiidcr tie Bill as um bodring tho whole policy of Govern ment, and that no other roads arc to he made, or maintained than those mentioned in tho second schedule. Tliis is (j'jite a mistaken idea. The Bill simply pro fesses to deal with the questiuit of main taining roods already made, and il specifies certain sections which it in proposed to make ' Main Bonds cif Tasmania, and to I H'inir under its pro visions. It lavs down tho |iriuci|ilc Roads and Bridges, not the principle' on which they propuso lo make then. That, so far as we can gather, is liltcl; ti remain as nnsAtisfftcfory as cror Ministries will dodge about the coimlry and distribute their road patronage wherever they can seenre the largest amount of support. 'Step ]iy step1' is the rule, a few thousands here, and a fow thousands there, the enil Loin that every district becomes jealous of the favor shoivn W tlio otlicr district, and universal dissatisfaction is creaeJ. How much hotter would il I* f,,r Go vernment to enunciate a definite road policy, as proposed by tts. 1'liere arc certain lines of road in (his colonv position demonstrate to be the leading country. Nature has marked these lines uf road bo positively that there enn be no mistake about them. Kr;ry Parlia ment, erery Gorcriiuienl, aclciiuivfcdIres them, and yet no power in tho olony will nndcrtalii- to establish tliem in thoi, Wo assert that Ibcso sliould lio |iro claimed in the schedule .to a Public Roads Bill, and tlu-i:- cun. structiou and maintenance at on-?c undprtiil[-rn, at whatever cost, lir the Government of the colonv. there should lie no dilly-dallyine'1 about it but wo should hare a compr.'liciisive national main road policy ()iat everv d.'pond upon. The value of property, aud every operation connected lvilh it ? practical and financial— m imich de ponds upon Ihu ccrtjiinlv 'I' our public works system, that wu ciiniiot wundor at settler*, who liavc their money an I their prospects invested in laud. Crumbling, nnd fivlinjr diss»li«(id at tho shilly.shallin^ .if successive (iovem mcnts in regard lo road works. We con askuru die present Government that the patience of Bottlers is fast becoming exhausted, nml thnt if they desiro 1 1 have & cixniort&bl-;! tcniiro of oflicc, thov mast lio prepared for a lm!d ttrokc in regard tj public work-. Tlio Main Line Uailway que-lion is important no douhl, Imt it is not t/ie question of (he day, aud ncro i( settled fifty times over, the colonists tvill not l,c Ktitisfiml unless a liberal and Mr I ili'viscl scheme of public works bo very Miortlv introduced and carried out. It is of litlk' Uf,i (o briiiK in plnusililo hcliomcs and then hold tho works in abeyance. Such a policy only irritptcs and annoys lite public, producing a feeling imi very far removed from rovolutionaiy. 'J'ukL tlic Scottsdalc and Hin^arooina dislricU I at the prwenl time. They arc literally adatno against tlio Government for tho I milliner in which their roads Imvo been iiiismiiimged. In October last a sum of £hW(\ was mild by Purliaiuont to iiinko tin; riad from 1-jaunceston to ScollbdalB, it lieiuK loft to tile Minister to decide an to which route should be adopted, that by Hall's Track or thnt liv I'uUTSonin. Xearlf twelve months have elapsed, and so fur ns we know, not n penny of the vote has been expended, hit have the settlers been able to ascertain winch line of road is likelv to bo made. Tho contracts now lot in tho district have boon wretchedly mismanaged, owing to tho alleged neglect of officials. Complaints, we arc told, Imvo been rnudo to head quartern uillwnt obtaining tlie slightest recog nition, and alto-ether things in Scotts ,lule :iiel Hiii-nmoiM are in n bad way been ulile to nscorlain, wo liolievo it is tho intention of Ihe Government, to construct hnlh lines of road, that by Upper Piper nnd that by l-ati-raania,anil we underhtaiid that in the ue\t instul ? t of the - stop by step ' scheme, an ainouut will be nsk'ed for sufficient to carry out both works. There can be no doubl that both linos aru worth making, and ought to bo made, on account of li,e large amount of settlement which has taken place ami the area of land still available for selec tion. We trust when llio Minister of Lands and Works takes hi* next for ward slop, that our friends in the scat tered district of Solby, will have no reason to be dissatisfied with his propo sals A sorious matter connected with all our road works, howovcr, is the difll cully of executing them at the proper country at present to admit of any very great road works bciug successfully and economically carried ont, at tho season of Urn yenr when they ought to he executed; and wo fear that unless Ministers arc prepared to supplement Ihcir public works schemes by a scheme of immigration, tho result will continue to be unsatisfactory. Another o( those all important works the colony, which there is but loo much lost sight of in ' tho coming struggle' in reference to the .Mnin Lino Xnilway, is the improvement of the port of l.uun ccstoii. This is as essentially a national question as tbc .Main Line itself, but evon tin. proposal 1:) light the leading towers at Low Head has been un.ler years without gaining one inch of 'ground. As far back as May. lK5S,lhe shipon-ii rs |and masters of vosu'ls be long!. -. to this port petitioned for the establishment of lights to those towers as guides to enable vessels to enter the Tamar during night. Captoin (iilmore, the then Master Warden of tho Marine Hoard, nnplii'd t) tho Hoharl Town Marine Board for assistance from the light dues fund, ami on tho 29th May, 1H58, he was informed by the Master Warden, Mr C.M.Maxwell, thai the Hoard regretted that ' at present' the request could not he attended to, as the funds anticipated from tho lighthouse i ales were estimated at barely sufficient to maintain Ihc lighthouses in existence. Although the nrgent necessity for light ing tho lowers was admitted by tl,e Marine Board then, and br every hoard an I Ministry since, Hi- lowers remain in xlatu quo ante uulighleil, and the corres pondence between tho Lannceslon and Hobart Town Boards last month led to no nvilt. Admiral Barnard, the present Moster Warden nt llobarl Town, informed Mr Unrrap, tl.e Master Warden of Laimccslon, that the southern DoniJ is not in a position to co-operale with tho Launcos loii Hoard in the construction and sub sequent maintenance of lights on the beaems on Lagoon Beach. So far the reply i* satisfactory, as it forces the Uiineost'in Hoard lo remit Ihu ivlwio question of tho improvement of tho port, tho lighting and inaiutouauce of tin; lowers included, to tho Government. The difficulties in Ihe way of safely entering nud navigating tlio Tamar alTect the people of II..! art Town nnd the south of the island even more firriousjv than ihose of ljsiuncrnUm mid tlie north, by the delay frequently of a day in transmission of mails by an up lhn river. The question of removing 1 1 1 n obstacles to its navigation is We have recently had another striking instance of the necesiity for placing lights on tlie lea ling towers at Low Head, to enable v, sm'Ih to enter III... port in safety at niglit. The ketch I lurry Wo.,d, a new vissel fron. tlie JI.tb.-' was off the Heads at 7 p.m. on the 111!, instant, with very liltlo win I, but enough lo stem the ebb tide coming in, nnd a henry sea outside. The nind freshened, and the master ran her in, as he could not keep out to sea. Ho lot in safe anchorage, but the chain parted, and the anchor was lost. The other anchor was lot go, and she was brought up in two and a half fathoms of water on tho West Bank. At daylight the rossc-l was driving, and Caplain .lapsnn endeavored to get her under weigh, but she took tho ground, nnd as (liere was a heavy swell coming in sko was considerably damaged before bho ciuld bo got oil'. Kh.' is now undergoing repairs nt tho liussinn Wharf. Had the leading towers been lighted, tho master could have ran tho vessel in safely nnd anchored her securely. In thu ca»o of the steamer, irhich might hare ri'Miltod in n total wreck, no doubt oxiciiri but that she would hare been brought safely in with the aid of leading lights. We could quote tiumerotts instances ivIilto serioin loss has been sustained for wait of them. Instances of vessels ln-l'n with cargoe! urgently required liero baring nearad the- Heads ivitl, favorable winds, but could not enter, and haviiu- lo stand off and on all night, the wind changed, and in some cases they they could get in. Under these 'circum stances wo appeal lo tho representatives of llio | eoplo North, Sooth, nnj MiJ luii'l, t'j insist that a sufficient cum lie place.) on tho estimates this session for the general improvement of tho port of Launcestou, by facilitating the naviga tion of (be Tamar, and especially by the erection and tho maintenance of lights upon llio two lending lowers on Lagoon Brai-li, Low Head. Liren1 iKTuncoLoKUL Newm.— ljy ihe s. s Timir which arrived at Ilobirt Totrn from Melbourne c&rly; vent onlay mnrnifiti.wo received threo days lator Glci of Viet irtan pii^er* then tliuee brought by !hf LK'rwent. Tho newi thu* opportunely lirotmla lo haod trill be found in this iKEur, lindpr tho ,W of Viotorian notrf, iuiercalvaial tolegnme, aod cofflttterciai Tue Main Likjs Kulwav Neootja ?iok.— A latter received Irom a Jiobari rowneorrL'ipondeDi, usually very reliable, n forms us that tbo nef(oiiationt betwooii jjrernraent and llio dcpntrtioti from tlif Mniti Lino Itatl«ray Company, nre not -roceedinp so latisfaclorly as Uninter* iDtioipateii, They iniii,rinod tUey had wly to projiob1, for thp member* of the jcputfllion to oocrpl. Tlio boot turns oul obraltn.-Gihurofi Lhn oilixr loL' and our rarretipnndMit says that Mini-tom would rHtlierdol)UMii.-Hs with Mr 0. 11. Grant thai with ihu doputatim. We wUall bu rxiwdioj,'!? sorry if (Jiu potidiKiz nejiotia lioni do not lead to Home prarticil ri'ult, will haro tho arbritraiion cluu«c of tho (??Mitiai't opnn lo them, and tli-.'y miy yut find it di'sirnMo to n-iopt, tho conrfiti wo hurr so frri]ueijtly advueited viz., «ivt' iivfive mititlis notice nt once -in J lilUu or.-r'liL-l.Tir. Tim JsriitT MoziBr.-Tlw laUnt his dcpurtim- Tor E-irope via America, n'o announcol to tikn i'lai'0 tit (he Mi'rliflnics' Inslitiitt! on Monday, f'e l!)h, andtbo two MLin-ing uij;Ui*. to hJ Ininn to Llio exhibition of tbio inlmu Uo'llun.li/tt ill siii^^Xcvor more,'' ' IW as tho Hoar,' and the Preach uriu, ' Vulsi-a.' .Mr U. K. W.-ippert will b!-o nitii; tho sea soui^, ' Kolliiij; Iioido to ui'rry KuKland,' an.l oiIut sek-ctiois. Miidnmo Wcippen-Fiuey, wlio is vM iifiii f'uVirnuiy ktioirii to ttiu Liunct'stgn l-u lie, Till m\vo n ronderiiiE of 'ScL-n-'s Hint aro brit-htost' from Afaritana, i lie l-urcarolo ' CunasimH,' aud But'crnl 11 Mizir'. junior,' who will play soimtad from Beethoven, and ''aataBiod on Don Giovanni unJ Obt-ron. lii« onn uud priaU*!y' Alieii,' wilt also be performed by tli»m ycuDR plienomenun- Wo aro ti1 questcd lo annourto ? that tickotrt are to bo ubininod nt (lie liaiabliiilitnMit of M- s.r Wak'h Ilrothora and Utrcuall, Brubano PHE«EVT*TIOS TO Mil R A. PaCKKB.— On Thnrsdav evening thoro was a very nlon'ant nmotiiitr ..f c'tni7](}}'C8 in tho llojnrt Town Telegraph Uoparlmunl for iho purpose of presenting Mr F. A. PacW. the Int.' sutmrintelidn it. uilll H [.ruscntation, as a token of tho cBteotn in which he wa« lirl.l liy ibe guntleniun with whoti) ho hud b. en so I 'ng associated in tliu dppnr lnunt It took tliu form - f n splu'ididgruph'-iscopoand i-toroosi-opc, nud was ticc iiipaniod by ati iLtiiJiiuatod id Ires., signoj by Mea-rs John J. MacdonalJ, T. S. t bitty and Robert Hoiry, juil. Tho tolophon ? kopt the Ijiiinct»tnii ofliciali en rapport with wlia w.sgnin- on. mul tliov by it. mean. tho proc cd ngs and their o'-juet. Champagno w:is .piulfod nnd recipr cal ?ro d wish s exchanger), anj thoprocued ,,,6» tcniiiimte.1. D'Anuv l!uii.'s Gn bt— The closmu performance at t o l'urilion Tucalrr, was ^JTen lost night ui.der tbo patronujje ol Mm Worship tlio Mayor.whn wa- |irt-nit. Tnc weather being lin,. there *,*» a kree nucces.rul throuRliont from the temptation of tlic Knight trnfcliini; liiii armour to tne closing |iieer, llio 'Uauntcd Housr.' Tho vinUliini! minMrrU and Hie rquall; ' cut nnd cotno a^ain' ghosts were ainusiiiu, but the phot* wero so nnnnying tlnl the nigger minslrols tonk r-'tlr&gc; and foil|-lii I linn at Imt. Tlio scrimmigo »ns onlliuiiiislieally oncored nnd repeated. The minstrels propounded some good ..ftlio wentliiT, ilo .lerideJ that U-tnilihlV p.-rlormaiice should p jsi'ivrly bt) litu lust Native iKurHnr.— We y.^iorday liar) th- JiL-i-nre of in-p cling nt Mrwra A'l ilerson and Lihey's e«tali i«lim--ni . i:«m. ron ttrccl, an elegant (Jieeii's pliroton, which llu-v Imvi- i'lst r.impl'ti-.l ti tlie ordor ol the Very Itiv. Uimii Uuiler. Il islhc- first of lliekin.l limit in Liuncvs Imil.lers. Tn ?? reticle ii |'n!l,'.-d a li.'auti t'jl Ink,- color, pieced ''it with hi n-k „„,) H-I.ito lines, very arlis'ieally. Tlie ear. rm-u H-i-Hlms b,.en built ol tbo very best m.t.Tial wliicli cnu'd bo import, d from AmeriM. I'lienliwli, made of liiekory. present a very elegant jppruraiicc. Tlie e»|iiouili,'«lio- ljare a:lrer-pliitf I, and liieMrriaucM litle.l with palont liltini; lii-d, by uhich means the driver, by «im |ly ll-.-si:ig a lev, r, raises the liood to wliitterer |-nsit i'.n he rany r-qnire. The pl.iL-t..ii i- one ol 11,,. nl,..-tr,-hicl..stlini in, l.v.'ii tumt-il out in Liun.vstnn f.ir ? ??? Mm- |i«st. Tlio ii.iK- lirm l.aiv ,,!,., »uiv:al»-.i«.i:i-.|l,-., -tre-l-ear«,and olhor vcliirl... .-lu-c ..n ru:m l.-ti -ii. Tut Footdau JIiicii at llomns Cot.M:,iE.-Vi-su.,-,lay the ea|iMiin of Hie tllTprcIi lent'oMlIrt'in CoUoiic^Tnllh™ lllal in .?oa..-,ial.|.cp nf 1'iexoalller, th ? firoun / iiiton,l,.,l f-,r ill.- proposed f.ioilull tlie 1{ .rlon College pupils was u fi- tn be |.!aye.(u|-oi. It whs accordingly deii.leH ? hat ihein.li'li should he ,,,-s|n.-,,,.d nil Salur.lny n.-xt, Ilie24-h insl. On l!,e cluy in qn.-siii.i, ulter tho iob'cIi has li^n plujo I. tlie Lmnivston team .ill lurln;. ?fill.' lni.pitiliiy.il' tllrir oppnui'iiti, in.1 it ia ecp. cti'.l Unit altogether a very |i:.'i-i.it .lay will ho sP™t. oihitiinonofnoat nnd fat rattle, 'lore'*, ifjrep. pttfs, (rnplenjcfid artfl fnat'litnery tin.ler Ihe nnspices of tho Northern Agricultural SiciHy, will be held in the Mioft' ground:', L niiflord, on (he ](l'li Ortober uei'. Tho lion, secretary t,oti Iim that in addition lo the usual silver cups, money prices will also bo awar.lej and Messrs.). and J. Phelps offer two ?n.'ciols of £5 ea-h for tlio best colt nnd lillr rcjiralirfli, ih* prod u to of Heir importi'd hrrse Qunmby. FutE at Dei.oiuinii.— Tim ruTtiing nhutil on? o'clock, the loon was alarmed liv a violent ritiBiiijr nr tho brll at Iho Wesh-yan Church, and was rang to sura hurniiiL' fiercely on the premise! of Mr Carr. Tue tiro originalfd in lhj bark stio i, entirely c insuniing tlio huildiiig, nnd destroying the birk mill, wliicli wna a vrry good niul vnlunlile one. Tim build ing was insured in the Mutual oftlce, but not the mncliinery. If it had not been fur tlio heavy rains and the oipr'rmt of llio-'oprrsenl, a largo rango of buildings Faith. -Foilb ii a noble tiling, and ling Ti'be drawn' lu- tweenVnlid ?''cliotli/1'1' A gjod story reaches us from tho couniry. K Indy linl be.-n in tlic luliit of suua:ril). ing yearly tlie 'Urn of two guineas kra-jrds tho oirponsfn of a certain Hiurrh. Il hap pen.'d, howi.rer, that tins year she either overlooked the circunistanro, or deter mined to forego her old cuitom, nnd the money was not sont tt tlio oAlciating minister. Imagine the lady', surprise wlitn she found a blue envelope one morn ing on her breakfast t.blo, wliicli, when opened, routamed a bill with the follon inelegond inscribed thereon :— Mr« ? Dr. to the lomcoi of the Lord, C2 2-. Tbkitv CnoHcn. — The Derics oT lo-!iuret will do conlinucil in this rliurch ^nvigny will discourse ou ' Tostinf! tho Il.'cord.' Tasuanun Hoilses in Victohia.— At tlio great annual liorsa show salo at Melbourne, Mr Luck's prizo draught tnaro was Bold for 235 guineas, and his draught entire, ' Dnko of Clarence,' for 116 guiuoas. Laokcehtok 'kravoiENr Abvldu.— Hciurn of tlio number of perasns relieved during the week ending August 14th, 1878—23 men, 00 women, and 102 children. Moke Wouks of Aht.— At tho Mn- I r mum on Tliuradiiy, says tlio ZVi'iiiue, wo t md tho ploasuro of viewing four picturus from tho brush of our dietiiuruiBhvd local u-tist, Mr W. L. I'isuenit. ' Lake 5t. ! dair, from the South si Jo,' is a mag- ' nitioont oil painting, about four foot by I Ihroo fcut six, hnndsomoly framed by Mr ' II. L. Hood iho artist has equalled, if not surpassed, hi fonuor aohioveiuout. in IlisuU'.irt. The sco- cry of this wild part of the country is brough boforo tho observer in all its nutivu buauty. Tlio hoavilywoodod sides of tho bluffs form ing tho inlets of tho lake shod tlioso dark shadows of tho waining twilight upo i he*water, whils tin tho I nek ground aro neon tho punks of MouuU Ulympus and Ida, with tho hcavons illuminated by the descending sun Tim subject is a grand one, nud has afforded thu artist scopo for dor&tand; that this gom has become the propurty uf Mr Collins, ol tho tirm o Douglas and Collins, Lauuceston. Anu-f. smaller, but not a whit behind in morit, ' St. 1'huI's Uoniu, from South Esk, at sunrisu.' Tlie placid waters of thu river mennd ring round a timburod knoll on the right forms the foreground, llehind tho trees of tho knoll, and lighting upihu iutvrvoning hills before thu 'Do.no,' are sdoii the golden rays of tho rising sun. I ho effect of tho bright sunlight behind thu foliago is Bplondidly wrought out Mr Charles Smith, of Dalgety, Moore, nnd Co., Launcoston, lias bocunm tbo fortunate owner of this picture. Two unfraniod views in black and white oils are studios for all lovurs of art. They represent Mount Olympus, Irom Lake St. (lair, and lildon Bluff, from Lake Augusta, lioth tuea ? aro capablo ol hours of study. Wo fancy fiat if a f.w such pictures a§ thoso shown on Thursday by Mr Piguonit wore exhibit, d in Eurono and A mcrica shoals of tourists would bo soizod with dosiro to see tho land possess ing such Insciuating seo*iory. rue MicuornosE.— At tho Telcgnipli Office, Hobort Town, on 'ihuisday ovo.i ini!, says tho Tribune, we. had tho plea sure of witnessing tho porfoetiou to which science lu. brought llio transmission of sound, in llio form of an instrument called tho microphone, lately invented by Professor Hughes, of London Wit'i tho microphone at one cii'l, aud atolopbono nt'achud to a wire tending into another mom the slightest n'liispur or sonud ..It red at two or iliroo fcut from the firs instrument was distinctly hear I. The iniiTophono differs from tbo telephone simply in tho princiolo, thati' is attached to a battery. -md doos not depend solely upon magnoUm. It i. thereto e so s n sitive that if a fly is placed under tumli'cr covering tho instrument, tho croaturo caii be beard at i lie other end of the wir-. I'll ugh ti'is now in»triimont inferior to the tolepbono as' far us the delicacy of modulation ia concerned. I be timbre of the voico is lost upon it nnd The ni'crophono we saw was nr.de by Mr Honry and his assistants, iind it is in tended lo inaku so. no oxtctmivo oxperi iiicnts with it shor ly. 