THEATRE ROYAL, It iias oftwj ken Said that iSh.ikspeaiiap dramas act thbCiselvts. and it is certai ily trno that tlie language of Ids plays, particularly in such a masterpiece as " Hamlet," vommends itself to any person of intelligence, uo matter "by whom spoken; but it is needless to say that even Shakspeare is tbe better for beinsr well placed upon the stage. It was with feelings of great misgiving that we attended at tho Theatre Koyal on "Wednesday night to witnesdthe Darrell company essay to present thegreatest tragedy extant. The result sfcosrcd thefeeling was not altogether unfounded, for as a whole it cannot be said that the performance of "Hamlet" was an unqualified success, though; several of the leading parts were presented in a. manner greatly supprior to what might havd been, and evidently was, expected, judging bythe thin house which assembled to sec the representation. Though Mr. Darrcll's impersonal ion of the melancholy Prince contains many poi::ts of real merit we question much whetlie: it was expedient for the management to pi m- upon the boards a play which it must be evi ufc to all who have attended the theatre during the season was above the capability of the company as a whole to do justice to, simply to give t:ie leading actor an opportunity of presenting his reading of this most difficult role. Having said thismuch, it is now only fair . to ndd that Mr. Darrell's Hamlet was considerably better than we had at all expected. It has evidently in the main been modelled on that of his old patron, the well-known Walter Montgomery, and is an intelligent conception fairly carried out, and evidencing considerable study and careful attentian to detail. As might be supposed, . seeing that Mr. Darrell's true line is light comedy, his tragedy lacks depth, although at times he exhibited both passion and earnestness,, as notably in the play scene, and also in the closet scene. In the former Hamlet's ecstasy o£ ungovernable excitement on perceiving theproofs of his uncle's guilt in his face was well - displayed, and evoked a hearty round of applause, and in the latter the wildness of the Prince's demeanour, caused by the overstrung state of bis nerves, was excellently portrayed, . and deserved the recall which greeted his representation when the act-drop descended. The scene with Ophelia, another test act, was also • creditably got through, and on the whole the impersonation was one which will not detract from Mr. Darrell's reputation as an actor. There - is, however, one thing more which we would - suggest to him, and that is that in future'anpearances as the pensive scholarly Hamlet he would do well to spare the rouge which he applies so liberally to his cheeks, and which is - often a trifle too apparent in lighter parts, bat is more palpably undesirable in Hamlet. An apology was mode for the non-appearanea of Mrs. Darrell,who was "billed" for Ophelia, . hut who was unable to take her part owing to < a sudden indisposition. This gave Miss Maggie Knight an opportunity to display her ability in that - trying part. Althongh she - had to take it np at the eleventh hour, she acquitted herself most creditably. The mad- scene especially was a really artistic piece of acting^ duly appreciated by the audience, as was 'evidenced by the cordial burst of cheering which greeted the young actress at her exit. The Queen Gertrude of Miss Carry George was - also deserving of high praise. It in many respects reminded us of that of Mrs. Steele. Tins Miss George may take as a compliment, for we consider Mrs. Steele to he "the tfestrexponent of Shaksperlan female parts who bug appeared on the colonial stage for many years. In the closet scene Jdiss. George's acting especially commended itself to those who witnessed liet earnestness -and "the artisticallysimulated terror of the guilty Queen. 'Mr. Martin, although not as perfect ill the text as was desirable, made a' good impression as Polonius, whom he caused to appear a garrulous but digifified old gentleman, and not simply an absurd, buffoon, as is too often done. Mr. Martin has taken along stride forward in his profession tince he last visited Adelaide. Mr. Holloway's - tall figure and deep resonant voice made him well adapted to impersonate the ghost, which he did in a manner that secured him a recalL Mr. Keynolds warmed up considerably in the latter sets as Laertes, and also with credit to himself, doubled this role with that of the iirst actor. Mr.Gladstone struggled against odds iu attempting to impersonate Horatio, whom he certainly made to look " more an ancient Roman than a Dane" by the absurd green togalike drapery in which he thought proper to envelop hiis manly form. Mr. Forde delivered : the lines of the second actor, and also those 'of the second gravedigger with a pronounced " Eyetalian" accent, which in the former part, . at least, was a little incongruous. Mr. Owen presented the 'first good man delver amusingly, . and the remaining dramatis persoius were represented by Mr. Lawrence as tine King, Mr. Ferfaes as Bosencranz, Mr. Medus as G-uildenstein, Mr. Franks as Marcellus, Mr. Thompson as Bernbrdo, Miss Graham as Osric, Mr. James as the priest, . and Miss Hathaway as the player Queen. This evening "East Lynhe" will be again produced, and will doubtless draw a good house, as the piece is a favourite and both Mr. and Mrs. Darrell are partic-ilarly successful in the parts - of Sir Francis Levison and Lady Isabel. 