To-the COdR INE3Bn `Pa tho'edWirb of the Examiner. 200 lt mfa pp thb bug with sllkonowingsi ° Mines U7 pampered ,thlngo that ;atinks and Sifts- I- know',iot~awhothior the follniving OOetter 20ay be, deee=a nrooa lottrt tott~J P0.t1eoei~eed'an -noreiaeotiblo Wort to ohom a stylmi tiny from Jin gerrorsid 5 tfsihs dg- hint bit (ghost. of ajar;' if , you will kindly liardon tie .t.seea.g iuir.:iuj, un the gruunde of my obscure location and literary inexperi once. I did think, when first wading through his ill-begotten epistle, that it was beneath the notice of any truth seeking, thoughtful mind; but as there are certain tangible facts before the world of a tendency proving the falsity of his charges and the itter fallaciousness of his mining pretensions, I think I am some what ]ustified in giving the same a more special prominence, at the same time re membering that we are living in an age in whibh bounce and slander fail to sus tain a place in the fair province of honest criticism-and sound argument, and that, therefore, his frothy outburst will win but scant attention from those who, through their mental attainments, social position, and general knowledge of the world, are justly constituted "leaders and framers of public opinion." I shall pay but little attention to the former and greater portion of this letter, in which, in deed,there is nothing to note, but keep my attentionchiefly to thesenattersin whichli displays a woeful ignorance when attempt Ing to slander and teach, particularly where he compares the two processes and the amounts of labor necessary in the ex traction of gold and metallic tin from their respective native surroundings; in which the crowning gleam of his folly is!more clearly seen in using such deduc tions therefrom as evidence to prove that a our mines here are worked as systemati cally and as cheaply as are those of Corn- t wall. This he does, it seems, principally F because he has heard that somewhere in t Victoria certain pipeclay and sandstone a hillsaid mullock banks have been worked, whose yields per ton ranged from 8s to 12s worth of gold; adding, as a clincher, b that, "considering the complicated h and troublesome process of extract- d ing gold from the matrix, there h are yet hopes for the tin lodes of Tasma- g nia.' Men and angels, one may justly exclaim, what has the working of a mul- h look bank which a child might dig out r with a spoonlhandle, and " which water a alone might pulverize and fritter away, J and from which through one of the sim- o pleat and mast inexpensive processes I known the gold has been extracted, got J to do with the working of tin mines- mines whose depths range from 1500 to t 2000: feet; whose lodes are for the most p part composed and surrounded by some e of the hardest and most difficult strata I yet found; whose machinery and me- I chanical appliances, and whole process of C ore dressing and refining form one of J the most laborious, complex, and '1 critical yet brought into action-so much I so that I question muchif there are many tl in this island, save a few Cornishmen, b capable of successfully applying it :-cer- it tainlynot "Mining Manager" nor any of at his assistants, unless indeed he has re- n ceived a few special lessons from one of I the class' he Ilas so recently so much w abused, a fact very likely to have taken d place, and which led perhaps in no small tc sense in placing him in his present boast- ti ful and lordly position. In Victoria there B was a time when the services of a practical ft miner were more highly estimated than ai those of an academician. At such a time al Cousin Jack was considered a very im- at portant member of the community, whose rn opinions and mode of mining operations w were most keenly watched and imitated F by those who know little or nothing of di mining; and when the deeper sinking and .J quartz mines called for a superior class of ci workmen and mining managers he was hi generally appointed to the manago- w ment of nearly all the difficult to undertakings and matters of trust. So Jm that I think we can with some consider- gi able show of reason impute to him the hi honor of having taught our colonials the tl first and chief rudiments of the art of tI mining. I know this assertion will prove hi very distasteful to " Mining Manager," and a few jealous narrow minded up starts; but it is true nevertheless, and will fairly challenge honest criticism. And now to show that the class is not alto- ' gether bad, and that- its members make tiF far superior colonists than do our China- lit men, I may say that thousands of these fo miners have put aside their mining imt- P plements, and have gone forth into the of Wilds of our lands, and have there with re their own honest industry built for themn- ii selves pormanent, prosperous homes. wI And there is often one very ca pleasing. and convincing feature be in connoction with their presence, that cc you are aluost sure to see rising in their ri midst a building, it may be a very unpre- so tentious one, but still a house, clearly ic denoting that they are not unmindful of tii theso higher duties that speak a rever- de oce for divine truths. This, surely, in bh a wild and free country, would tend to WI raise them above the poor heathen t Chince, even after allowing a wide mar- do gin for hypocrites and scapegraces, who Ili abound Ii every community. If the ca class is constituted of such sluggards, p1i slaves, and thieves, as " Mining Man- we tger" says, why is it that its members so all seldom figure in our police courts and Di criminal lists ? Considering how numer- o0 ously they are scattered abroad, 'tie a ii rare occurrence to see one figuring tit thus. Consequently, in charging the NV whole class, " Minling Manager" has ta maliciously lied, or there has beoon o a wide and painful miscarriage of justice cc in these colonies, and the devil has taken, th as in " Mining Manager's " own case, a pi very special care of his own. And-is it i not strange that a class so proscribed D should retain such an universal accept- W ance as miners everywhere I Whether we li go into Chili, Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, gi Mexico, and in nearly every state- of America and nation of Europe we find its ii members engaged in mining, not only as cl common miners receiving thbq ordinary 1 rate of wages, but in most instances the d highlst remuneration current. This posi- SI tion they have heolil for many generations, s and I have not the least doubt but ,that ol they will hold it for many generations to fl come. Let it not be inferred that I con- a sider him tihe beaul ideal of a man. I speak of him as a workman, aminer. There b are many shades in his character I dislike, nid, considering his many loisure hours a and advantages,isnot the man he oughtto tl beo For many generations there has been among the class too marked a commonage -or I should say, a rather mcagored intellectual equality, which may be attri- h buted to his too early umining associations f and lack of intercourse with any other b class but his own, which has been produc tive of a similar cast of thought, manner, ihabit, and purpose, and perhaps in no i small sense creative and suggestive of the " common appellative "Cousin Jack." But i we are happy in saying that the miinor of t to-day is not the minor in any sonse of 30 a years ego. There are men coming forth from their ranks to win honor and fame in the higlhest walks and purposes of life, si that wlten a man whoso own hands,per hbps, are not clean come , forward and ac ouses a wholo class of vileness throunh I his having mixed with a few of the vile, I that man's word should be questiined in t . such a manner as to bring lhiu persoially before the public and there braided withl his own stigma. [-Apologisinng for trespassing so largely on your :valuable space, BIMr Editor, 1 am, st,, Ixo " - asn. SiwThbinams Paln Oct. 8* - r ' [This letter has been hold overon ac count of its great longth.-En. L.E.] 