JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. TUE QUAIL* THE quail iz a? game bird, about one size i bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they hum when they fly. They have no aongj ¿but whistle for music, the tune is solitary nnd sad. They are shot on the wing, 1 and a man may be good in arithmetic rústrate at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied quail on the wing ho might aa well shoot at a streak of lightning in the sky as ut a quail > on the go. 1 Billed quail, properly supported with jelleysand a Champagne Charlie, iz just the moat difficult thing, in my humble opinion, , tew beat in the whole history ov vittles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for T kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lipa after I git thru, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend, with j.tdiahoug accompany ment, I blush at fust, tuen bow \- my head, and then smile sweet acquiescence -in other words, I always quail before euch , a request. MIE PARTHIOQH. ¡ The partridge iz also a game bird. Their , game iz tew drum on a log in tho spring ov i the year and keep both eyni wide open, , watching tho sportsman. Partridges aro , Bhot oa the wing, and are SB easy to miss aa , a ghost iz. It ia phun eau IT tew eoe the old , bird hide her young brood whoa d inger iz near. Thia must be seen, it can't be [ described, and make ennybudy believe it. ' The partridge, grouse amt pheasant are [ I cousins, and either of them straddle a grid I iron natural enuff to have been born there. , Take a oouple of young partridge:) and pot [ them down, and serve up with a kind of chorus, and they beat the bani sandwiches [ yu buy ou the Camden aud Aua boy Goad , 87J per oent. I have eat theso lamentable , New Jersey ham sandwiches, nud mast say [ that I prefer a couple ci' basswood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding's glue. ! TUB aosMN. The goalin ie the old (loose's yung child. r They are yeller all over, and HE soft AZ a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop of kaator oil on the water. They »re barn annually about the 15th of May, and never waz known ? to die naturally. If a mm should tell me he , saw a goose die a mitral deth, I wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even if be swore he had lied about Beeing a goose die. , The gooje aro different in one ruBpaot from tho humau family, who ara sod tew , grow weaker and wiser, whereas i\ goblin alwua grows tu lier and more phcolish. I have seen a goos» that they sed was ninety-three years old last Ja.ni, and didn't look an hour older than bue that was only seventeen. The goolhi waddles when he walks and paddles whoa ho swims, but never dives like a duok out of sight iu the water, but only changes ends. The food uv the gozliu iz rye, cora, oats and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, ? suoootash.and biled oabbaga.oooked íiótatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly aud turnip'', stale bred, kold hush- and.buckwheat oakes that are left over. . Thoy ain't so particular as,'some pholks what they eat, won't git mad and quit if they kant have wot toaat and lam. chops ovary morning for breakfast. 