TLE ,TYRONE AND BERESPORD GIIOST STORY. This is one of the curious relics of th~glamnour of the last century. Though it was at one time a very popular ghost story (Dr. Johnson having pronounced it one of the most impressive he had ever read), few probably of the present day, espeoially.young people, hlave seen or'read'it. :'Although vye have perused \- cou'ple ofversions .of it, neither was in print, but' both' were MSS. which to idl"'appearance' were copies of other eMSS. which had been made'of the mar vellous narrative.. The one ,which is now before us professes to 'have been copied in 1791 by the Honourablo rsi Maitland, .then residing at Bath, aiid' who was near enough to, the incidents recorded to have known one or two of thd 'piirties, and to have seen the mys terious pocket-book alluded to in, the. srtory. ' We shall not give the wh'ole'of the statement, which is somewhat wan doring, but content ourselves .with .ao summary of the alleged " facts" oiwhich lead up to' the apparition. ,'" It seems that Lord Tyroneand Lady Beresford were ,left orphans. in :their infancy to the care'of the sane'person;' by whom they were both educated' in. the principles of Deism. Thgir. giair, dian, dying. when they were each of them about 14 years of age, they fell ihto very different hands. The persons on whom the care of theii now devolved used every possible endeavour to eradi cate the erroneous principles they had iimbibed, but in vain ; their arguments wore insufficient to convince, though they weie powerful enough to stagger their former faith.' Though separated froni eachli othr, their friendship re mained unalterable, and they continued to.regard eacbh other with a sincere and fraternal affection. After some years. had 'eiajsed,' and they were each of them grown up, they made a solemn promise to each other that whichever should die first, would, if permitted, appear to the other, to declare what religion was most approved by the Supreme Being. Lady Beresford was shortly after addressed by Sir Martin Beresford, to whom, after a few years, she was married, but no change in con dition had power to alter their friend ship ; the families visited each other. A short time after one of these visits Sir Martin remarked, when his lady came down to breakfast in the morning that her complexion was unusually pale, and her countenance bore evident marks of terror and confusion ; he in quired anxiously after her health ; she assured him she was well; lie repeated his inquiries, and begged to know if anything had disordered her; she re plied no, sithe was ias well as usual., " Have you hurt your wrist, have you sprained it," said he, observing a black ribbon bound round it. She replied no, she lhad not, but added, "Let me conjure you, Sir M.; never to inquire the cause of my wearing this ribbon; you will never more see mn withoutit; if it concerned you as a husband to kndw I would not for a moment con ceal it. I never in my life denied you a request, but of this I must entreat you to'forgive my refusal, and never to urgei me further on the subject." "Very well," said lihe, smiling, "since you so earnestly beg me I will inquire no fiur thei-." The conversation here ended, but breakfast was scarcely over when iLadj B. eagerly inquired if the post was come in 1 She was told it was not; in a few minutes she rang again for her servant, and repeated the in quiry. "Do you expect anly letters," said Sir MI., "that you are so anxious con cerning the arrival of the post I" "I do," she answered ; " I expect to hear that Lord Tyrone is dead; he died last Tuesday, at four o'clock." "I never in my life," said Sir M., "believed you superstitious, but you must have had some idle dream wnich has thus alarmed and terrified you." At that instant a servant opened the door, and delivered to tlhem a letter sealed with black. "It is as T ex pected," exclaimed Lady B. ; " he is dead 1" Sir Martin opened the letter; it came from Lord Tyrone's steward, and contained the melancholy intel ligenco that his master had died on Tuesday preceding, at the very hour Lady B. had specified ; Sir M. on treated Lady B. 'to complose herself, and to gndeavour, as flar as lay in her power, not to make herself unhaplpy; she assured lhim that shei felt much easier than she had done for a long time, and added, " I can communicate to you intoelligence which I know will prove welcome. I can assusire you beyond the possibility of sa doubt that 1 iam now with child of a son." Sir M. ex pressed in the strongest, terms tlhe felicity ie ehoeuld experience fi'om ani event which hlie Ihad long so ardently desired. Aftcra Ipeoriodl of some msinthss, Lady B. was delivered of a soil; Silo had before been thie motlher of only two daugllters Siri Martiin survived the birth of hisl sonl rather ulorl' tsuhan I couple of ,ears, and Lady Ioresforld, whenu left ai widow, went little fi'om holos i lnd sawi e few people. One of her Ieillistlintance's was the clergyalanu of thie 1parishl, who had a soil seveLal years thle juniior of her ladysllip,. Not a little, hlowover, to thle siurprsise of evoryloldy, she got married to this young alsan. I however, hle becsllo ver'y dissilliatell, suand after having two chilsren, shlk wa's obligeil to aoslasate froiii hiill. Ahbout that tine ehle vas nus ie r chnr tissc sisilet , wlsen aii old friendul, the ineussubest of the parishi wvherlo shio forloerly resided, called to seeo hler. Slhe prIessed hiis to stay to dinner, ahIting tshat it Iwas her blirtshday, being thon forty-eight yoelrs of igo. Upon this the clergvmantl said shil was not, she was only fort'y-sovenI, for that he had only a dasy li two hofore snon the register of hir bilrthl, "You hlavo sigescd ily death war.'uatn," said shilo; " I have liot; mlllehl longor to live ; I must, tllereforo elttreltt you to leave me immediately, as I have soume things of importance to settle before I I die." When the clergyman had left Lady B., she sent to forbid her company coming ; and at the same time to request Lady Betty B. and her son (of whom Sir Martin was father, and who was then about twelve years of age) to come to her apartmient immediately. Upon their arrival, having ordered her attendants toiquit the room, she, im mediately vouched her early friendship with Lord :Tyrone,' and the solemn promise'o to one I another. "Accord ingly,", she contiinuied, " one night, while'Sir '. anid myself :weie asl6ep, I suddelly, awoke, and discovercd .Lord Tyrone sitting by my beside. I screamed out, and endeavoured, but in' vain, to wake Sir . For h'llavon's sake,d Lord Tyrone, said: I, by what means or 'for what purpose came you here .at this time of nightl"': " Have you 'then' forgotour promiso i'" said heo," I. died last Tuesday, at foiu, o'clock. I lhive. been permitted by. the Supreme Being to appear to you; and :to;.assur eyou that the "i'?ealod religion' is 'the true and.drionly 'religion by whicho' 'cn 'be saved ; I am further suffered to inform you that you are howwitli.child of a son, and 'whicli it is decreed shall marry my dhuigiter. Not many years after his birth, Sir M1. will die, and you will' marry again, and to a man by whose ill-treatment you will be rendered miserable; you will bring him two daughters, and afterwards a son, in child-bed of whom you will die 'in the 47th yearof your age." "Just heaven I" I exclaimesd, " and cannot I, Iprevent this 1" ."Undoubtedly you may,'! re turned he ; !' you'are a free agent anld mity prevent it all; by' 'resisting every temptation to :a secret marriage, but your passions are too= strong ; you know not .their (powvert- itheitto you have 'had.:no .trials---more,'I 'am' not permitted to tell, but'if sfter the warn ing yoi? petsis t'in youn infidility,'your lot in another. world'-vill bemiserable indeed I',"! May. I not ask," 'said I, "if younare 'happy 1"' "Had 'I been otherwise," said .he, "I I should not have boon piersiitted thus, to appear to you." '! But how," said .I,' !! when. the morning, comes, shall I be convinced that your appearance. thus to me lea' been reil, and not thelmere phantom of ny 'inmagiriation It'. "WVill not the news of my death," said he, "be suffi cient to convince you 1" "No," re turned I, "I mights have 'had such 'a dream, and that dream accidentally Ihave come to pass ; I wish to have some . stronger proof of its reality." "You,shall," said he ; then waving his' hand, the bed-curtains (whichb were of crimson velvet) were instantly drawn through a largo iron' hoop by whichl the tester of the bed, which l was of an oval form, 'was su$pended. ' In that," said he,i'"you cannot be mistaken ; no mortal arm could have performed this." "Tiuce," said I,' "but sleoping .we sare often possessed of far greater strength than ' waking; though. awake I could not have done it, asleep I might, and I shall still doubt." He , then said, "Yoiu hiavea pocket-book here, in the leaves of which I will write; you know imy hand-writing." I replied, "Yes." He wrote withl a pencil on one 'side of the leaves. "Still," said I, "in morning I may. doubt; though waking I cannot imitate, your hand, asleep I might." "You sare hard of belief," said lie : "I must not touch .you, it would injure you irreparanbly; it is not for spirits to tench mortal flesh." " I do not," s'iid I, "regard a slight blemish.!' "You are a 'woman of courage," said he, "hsold out your hand."' I did, he struck my wrist; his hand was cold as' marble; in a moment the sinews shrunk up, every nerve withered. "Now," said he, "while you live, let no mortal eye behold that wrist; to see it would be sacrilege;" lie stopped, I turned to him ugaisn ; lie was gone. During the tinoe I had conversed with him my thoughts were perfectly calm and col lected, but the moment lie was gone, I felt chilled with horror, the very bed shook under me. I endeavoured to . wake Sir hI., hut in vain; all my efforts were ineffectual, and in this state of agitation and terror I lay for some time, when a shower of tears comingto . my relief I dropt asleep. In the nmorn ing I arose and dressed myself as usual. 1 then went to imy bureau, locked up . the pocket-book, and took out a piece of black ribbon, with which I bound Sround msy wrist. After the death of Sir nM., as foretold, I determined, als tlo only probable imeans by which I miglht avoid the dreadful sequel of the precdiction, for over to abandon all society ; to give upc every pleasure re sulting from it, and to pass the remain der of imy days in solitude iAnd retire ment ; but fiw canll endure to exist long ic a state of iperfect sequestration. I commenscedl till intercourso with olne fimlily, uanld with one only ; nor cold I thlen foresee the fital cosnsequloece wlsich alfterwturds resulteod fioml it. Little did 1 imagineu tlhat tlleir son, tllcheir only son, thleu a mIeore youthl, would lirove tlhs IIrson destllinced by fute to prove ily un doing. In Ic very few yearsc, I ceasedl to rogiu'd hint withl indiffereceI ; I sn decavoure l by oCr's'y sossiblo mlleans to collql'uer Il Iassion, thle fsltal conse iluences of whlich, if .I shllold over I)e vweaCk olonghl to yiebld to its illlulses. I too well knew ;altd I fondly ilssaginedl I had overcomno its inlhluelce, whlleoll tle evell of ino fstal lday tormnilln.tec l siy fottitudule, cnd ll slhsgeul mUss isi ai nuoim'ent. down thictc aibyss 1 haIcd so lCg Ileenl Inedtiltisg how to slhui .110ie ha1d froC ciuenlly solicted Iris pirelit-s for leave to go itslo thle siry, h1lu it 1legllh obuctained thelir llernulission, aiiil Cisme'O to hid sie fiucwcoll hfoloro hlih Ilartllulro; thle illo lenoit hIe cterell thl orooli, Ihe fell lluoil his knees Ict lisy feet, told Ise Ilce wits iniserccble, snnd that I. sicollo isius Ilce uderi. At tlert instant s ly forlitudllo forsook ul ; 1 ganvoUll Iy)'self for lost; I cousiderod Iany fato its inovit'ihlo, itnl withlout firtlhor hesitation I consentoedl to an unuiol, thle ilsinsedictt result of whiich I knlow Isto bie misnr'y, and its acind death, T'hIe conduct of uly hulcbnnds I (after a few years were passed) amply warranted my demand of a separation, and I hoped by this means to avoid the fatal sequel of the prophecy. But won over by his reiterated entreaties, I was prevailed on to pardon, and once more to reside with him, though not till after I had, as I imagined, passed my 47th year. But alas! I have this day heard from indisputable authority that I have hitherto lain under a mistake with regard to my age-and that I am but 47 to- day-of the near approach df my'death, therefore, I entertain not the least doubt; but I do, not. dread its arrival, armed with the sacred precepts of Christianity. When I am dead, as the necessity'ef its concealment closes with my life, I wish that you, Lady Betty, , would unbind 'my wrist; take from thence the black' ribbon, and let rmy son with yearself behold it." Lady B.'theri expiressed a wish to. lay dowa on the bed and endeavour to compose, lietsilf to sleep' ; Lady Betty Cobb and her son immoe diatelycalled her attendants and quitted the room; having first desired them to watch their mistress, and slihould they. observe the smallest change in her, to call them instantly. An hourr passed, and all was silent .in her room. They listened at the door; everything was still, baut in about half an hour more, a bell rang violently; they flew. to her apartment, but before they reachled the door of it, they heard the servantscex claim, " Oh she is dead I iny 'lady 'is dead !" Lady Betty then desired tlii~ servants for a fed'mii'iites to quit the room, and herself and Lady Beresford's son approached the bed of, his,mother. They knelt down by tihe side of it; Lady Betty then lifted up, her hand, uinbonnd the black ribbon,' and foutid the wrist in qkactly 'the same state Lady B. had described-every sinew shrunk up, every ierve withered. 