DIOCESE OF SANDHURST. (From, aCorrespondenL) OONFIBKATION AT HEATH00TE. On Friday; evening, the' 12th inst., the Right Rev. Dr. Crane, Bishop of Sandhurst, accompanied by the Rev. Dr:'RevjUle, arrived at Heathcbte for the purpose of adiiaihistering the sacrament of Oonfirqiation on the following (Palm) Sunday,-and; were the < gtketts of the Rev. J. F; Roche, pastor of the mission.His Lordship's intention having been' announced' ' several w«|eks ' previous, very many applied; th6mseltbs - to the important 'work ^f' learning • the' Christian doctrine; 'the Taiult bf which ^as that one' Irandrad'tod .eleven j(thanks to the Mi^ etaminatitttt,^aiid thdrefdJSe," Mniit^ed "to > : thifct holy 'saetiuneht. !: On SaM^r^nfcM^ terVals tlu»ugh6utthe d&y;,up to 8 o'clock pjm.;:by1fl« LonUhip, Dr.ReviUearid thr> B^Sej '^d-'bh' ipfto in lttie evening by h&Iidra;»hi!p'f# * L e''£fiVtime in 'H&thboieP; Before the; •ww u^wuf^aiMusi qpwtar 11 ' Rocbe), the Bishop preachedan impres- «ivfl^ermon, which cannot fail to prG- B . S fruit, taking for hiateitthe 11th cbapterand 23rd verse of St. Luke : .«if any man is not with me he is against me, ahd if any man gathereth not witit me, he acattereth." Ia his Lordahip's discourse he applied this to parents who neglect to give or procure for their children a good religious education, reminding them of what St. Pafil says : "If any man has not care of his ®wn, and especially his household, he has lost the Faith, and is Worse than an infidel" And again, said his Lordship, " It were better tliat a millstone were tied round his neck and he were cast into the depths of the sea." Before his • Lordship concluded, he announced thai no priest in his diocese had authority or power to administer the sacraments to Catholic parents who send their children to State schools where there is a Catholic school within reach. The former he characterised as asylums of infidelity. Two or three candidates for Confirmation were therefore not admitted. Mass being finished, it was announced that Confirmation would be administered at four o'clock, and at that hour the females, who were all robed in white, and wore wreaths of flowers and veils, were seated at the' south side, the males on the north side, and they were no less respectable in their appearance. His Lordship addressed them, explaining the nature of the great blessing which Almighty God was about to vouchsafe to them in sending the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Most Adorable Trinity, to dwell in their souls and abide with them for ever. Imniediately after Confirmation, Benediction of the Most Holy Sactament was given by his Lordship, and thus brought the functions to a conclusion. On this occasion even more than ordinary attention' was paid to the altar, it being very tastefully decorated with evergreens and flowers; in front and at .each side were placed shrubs and plants. The choir also, whose names I am .sorry not to be acquainted with, performed the selections for the occasion with much care, and therefore credit to themselves and their trainer (the Rev. Father Roche). On Monday, about nine o'clock, his Lordship, accompanied by the Rev. Dr. Reville, started on the return journey to Sandhurst, regretting that he could not spare time to visit the school, as he was informed it had increased to double itB numbers since his former visit. Then the number in attendance was not quite forty ; now the number on the roll is seventy-seven. It may not be amiss to mention that one of the female candidates for Confirmation was a recent convert, and became so through marriage. This lady was attired in white satin robes and slippers. It is hoped more will soon follow. May God inspire them. 