gtUW^MMtk MASAHB TASC&'S BENBFIT COHCEBT.—The third and last grand pianoforte recital and concert of Madama Carletta Tasca, which was arranged for her benefit, took place in the Town Hall on Friday night. Every part of" the hall was crowded, and indeed it would difficult to say if there ever was such a large and brilliant assemblage at any previous entertainment of a similar character. The occasion was also marked by the presence of His Excellency the Governor, with Lady Jervois and the Misses Jervois. In addition to vbe celebrated pianiste the following artistes took part in the entertainment: — Madame George Robertson, Mdlle. Rosaly Merz, and Messrs. F. A Reed, C. E. Mumme, Alfred Plumpton, and George Robertson. The first part the programme was unquestionably finer than ihe last, so far at least aB in concerned Madame Tasca, for there she gave in its entirety Beethoven's magnificent Sonata in A fiat. This performance was eagerly looked forward to by the critics and those who could appreciate its rare beauties with more than common satisfaction, and Madame Tasca's interpretation of must have gratified the most hypercriincal of her audience if it had not as well the effect of still further exalting their sense of appreciation. It was a masterpiece of execution. If a prefe rence might be given to any part it perhaps the general verdict would be in favour of the andante con variasiont, which we thought exceptionally well rendered. At the conclusion of the performance Madame Tasca was enthusiastically applauded and recalled, when she was presented with a large and choice bouquet. Her second performance was in a duet with;,Mr. Reed—Mendelssohn's Sonata in D for the pianoforte and violoncello—and it was only second to her first, if the rendering of such a widely different composition might be ranked in that order. The soft, rippling scherzo movement was particularly delightful, and both performers deserved well the warm applause which rang out at the close. Madame Tasca varied her astonishing manipula' tions by playing Thalberg's solo for the left hand of ."Home, sweet home," for which she was rewarded with a shower of bouquets, and in response to an encore she gave Plumpton's "Hibernian echoes." Her last performance was a double one, viz., LitolfFs " JSpihnlied," which she' gave at the previous concert and now repeated with the same refined expression, and Gottschalk's " Pasquinade." But although this was the last item on the programme the audience could not be appeased until she responded to Iheir unanimous encore by rendering Chopin's Valse in D flat, and as might be expected it proved a rare treat. Madame Robertson was in good voice and seemed to be less nervous than usual, for her notes were fully equal to filling the halL She sang to Mr. Robertson's accompaniment Bellini's beautiful cavatina," Come per me sereno,"—for which she was deservedly encored—and the more familiar aria of Meyerbeer's, "Roberto, tu che adoro," in an admirable manner. Further on she sang with Mr. Mumme in Donizetti's duet, " Sulla Tomba," which has been heard sung by them with pleasure at previous concerts. Mdlle. Bosaly Merz gave Plumpton's song, " Sweet is true love," in a style which called forth a clamorous encore, and she responded by singing another of Mr. Plumpton's compositions entitled *' Sing on, my little bird"—a ballad in every way suited to her voice. But Mdlle. Merz won greater favour in her rendering of Abt's " Kukuk,' the last verse of which she had to repeat. Mr. Plumpton was apparently suffering from some indisposition, yet he succeeded in no small measure in contributing to the enjoyment of the entertainment by his singing with Mdlle. Merz the duet "Trovatore," which they gave in English. Not the least worthy, though last to foe mentioned, were Mr. Mumme's songs. Preference must be given to his rendering of Plumpton's serenade, "Reading Thine Eyes," over his other effort, "Du bist mein Gedanke." Regarding the vocalization altogether, it may be generalized as more than usually good, while the whole entertainment was something which will long be remembered by those who had the privilege to be present. HUNT CIXB.—The members of the Adelaide Hunt Club meet to-day at the residence of Mr. R. Barr Smith, whose invitation they have accepted. Judging from the past there is likely to .be a large muster. SOUTH AUSTHAIIA» YACHT CLUB.—There is to be a meeting of the South Australian Yacht Club members this evening at the Port, and in pursuance of a proposal at a previous gathering a pleasant social element will be introduced several amateur vocalists having been invited. A humorous paper on yachting is also to be read by a well-known member of the Club. THKATRB ROTAX.—" Ivanhoe" was again performed at this place of amusement on Friday evening, August 30. The audience was not numerous, but in spite of that disadvantage the performers sang and acted with spirit, and the loca lisms and the best of the scenes were very well received. The bill is the same to-night. EIGHT HOTTBS FESTIVALS.—On Monday festivals will be held to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the eight hours movement in this city.' One section of those interested in the demonstration will held their festival in the Exhibition Grounds. A procession will leave the Labour League Hall, Hindley-street, the time for assembling being fixed for 8.45 a.m. Various amusements will be provided daring the day; in the evening there is to be a concert at the Town Hall, and the festivities are to be finished with a ball in the same building. The other flection will hold a picnic at Beckham Grange, near Paradise. The omnibuses in which the pleasure-seekers will proceed to the trystingspot willformin procession at the Bristol Tavern, Franklin-street, at 9 o'clock a.m., and proceed along Franklin, King William, and Rundle streets to Paradise. The usual outdoor amusements peculiar to such occasions will be indulged in. ProuEBB CHICXET CLTTB, POET ADELAIDE.— The annual meeting of this Club was held on Friday evening at the Globe Hotel, Port Adelaide. There was a moderate attendance, and Mr. J. M. Watson took the chair. Several new members were elected, and the following officers were appointed :—President, J. M. Watson: Vice-President, Robt. Kelly; Secretary and Treasurer, M. Moorhouse; Captain, T. Keley; Vice-Captain, W. Mortess; Match Committee, M. Moorhouse, G. Price, and J. M. Watson. Some further general business was transacted, and the meeting adjourned. CATHBDBAL CHOLE CONCERT.—On Tuesday next a grand concert will be given in the Town Hall by the choir of St. Peter's Cathedral under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois. TEMPER *NCB ENTERTAINMENT AT POET ADE- LAIDE.—A pleasant temperance entertainment, under the auspices of the Myrtle Lodge.. I.O.G.T. (American Order), was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday night, August 30. Mr. G. Swan presided. An apology for enforced absence was read from the Rev. D. O'Donnell, who, however, promised to give at an early date a lecture at Port Adelaide on behalf of the temperance cause. The Rev. W. M. Hunter, in a pointed and able address, supplied his place. The Revs. S. Raymond (Primitive Methodist) and Jas. Haslam (Wesleyan) also addressed the meeting. The proceedings were interspersed with Bongs and recitations given by Messrs. G. Filsell, W. Day, G. Hawke, and W. Renfrew. Mr. J. W. Channon acted as accompanist to the musical part. WHITE'S Roons.—Owing to the threatening aspect of the .weather and counter-attractions there was a poor attendance at White's Rooms on Friday, (August 30, to witness Rainford's Ghost end Petite Comedy Company. The udience seemed to thoroughly enjoy the programme presented, and were not at all-sparing •'n their applause. To-day there will be an iremoon performance. , 