THE GRATEFUL POODLE. One day a benevolent physician (.who had read-the book#), having found a stray poodle suffering from a broken^ leg, conveyed the pocr creature to his home, and^ after' .setting and bandaging the injuifed limb gave the little outcast its liberty ap;*iDi and thougnc no more about the matter. ?Bat how great was his surprise, upon Opening ins aoor oua morning, some days later, to find the grate fulr poodle patiently waiting there, and-in iti t company 'another stray dog, one of whose ? legs, by some accident, had been broken# JThe kind physician at onoe relieved the dis tressed animal, nor did he forget to admire the inscrutable goodness and #niercy of iQodj who had been willing to use so humb e an instrument as the poor onfceast poodle for the iacalculating of, etc., etc,, eto», ?n,'- | . BEQUEL. ? ' The nest morning the benevolent physioiati found the two dogs, beaming with gratitude, . waiting at his door, and with them two other dogs— cripples. The cripples were speedily hea'led, and; the four went their way, leaving , the benevolent physician more overcome, by . pious wonder than ever. . The day passed, , the morning came. There at the door1 sat ' . noW the four reoonst'ructed. dogB, and, with ^ theni fdur others requiring rbqonstructioh. This day also, passed, and ^ another morning ^ came ; and now. sixteen dogs, eight of them , newly crippled, occupied the Bidewalk, and the people were going around. By noon the broken legs j wore, all set, ^.but .the pious; ^ wonder in the' good phyBician*a, breast -was: beeinnine to. 'ceb mised ,with involuntary profanity. V The sun '.rose . ojice.-more, , exhibited thirty-two dogB*, sixteen' ox then* with broken legs, occupying. the sldewalk.ano half 'of the. street;. ..the, h^man' spe.ctatorj ^ took up the, rest; :of the 'room. The cries of . the wounded, the songs of the healed bruteB#^ and the comments of the on-looking citizenS ( made great and ^inspiring cHeer* hut f traffic was- interrupted'injfchafc. street. The good pbyaioian hiredacou^lo of aa Blatant surgeons ^ aud got through liis'. Jb^nevolent work before. ^ dark, first taking the precaution to cancel hU churoh,)mjejnbeMhip, so, that he . mighti expr'eas iumseffwitli ihe latitude t which the case jequlrei., ! , t Bub some things have .their.limits* When once more the morning dawned, and the, good : f physician looked out upon a massed and farr reaching ... multitude . of clamoutous aha beseeching- dogs, he said, f1, 1 might .aB weU acknowledge it^ l! have been;, fooled, by the books : they' only tell the pretty part of the , story, and thenVstpp... Ifefcch me the shot- r? gun ; thi8 thing has goneValong far enough.' . ; He issued forth wifch ;his weapon, and -. chanced.tb, step upon tlie tail of the, original r. poodle, /who. promptly bit, him in the leg.r r. Now the. great', and good ' Work which thia popdle.had been engaged in, had engendered , in him such a mighty - and ; augmentingtr enthusiasm ast: to turn hia weak head at. last and drive. ;him ,mad. A month .later, when, -, the. beneyolept. phyaioian lay. , in the death,: throos of hydrophobia, he. called hia weeping - friends about him, and said J-r-j r .j , , ? M ? j' Beware of the books. );Thay .tell but half ^ of the story. Whenever a .ppor; wretch asks : : you for .help, and you feel^a dp.ubt as, to what j result. inay, flow from your benevolence, gWo;; yourself the. benefit of the j doubt and kill i.the applicant.' i P | And so .saying he turned his, faoe to ^ne, j wall and: gave up the ghost.rr*Jlf(l?'^ Twciin* v - - 