LESS BLACK THAN By James Payn, Author of " Lost Sir Massingberd," What he Cost Her," " Fallen Fortunes," " By Proxy," &c.;, &c.; "After all man is man; he is not wicked, and he is not good; by no^toeana white** snow, but by no means black as coaTj-tHack syVwhite, piebald, striped, dubious."—SwrNBUiuric* \- ckiPTBR 1 L k. £lSBIOTJ)S DnfHHH. There is * -Gresham-street in ibe West End of London as well as in the East, bat of a very different type.- It mast bave bee a name gome person who Had no connection, howeveindirect, with commerce; for it is aristocratic to its very scrapers, the houses are huge, bat gloomy; their, windows (far from large, and rarely of plats glass) have probably never b> held an omnibus. The walls are black with aj and soot, for nothing is ever, done to. them i > Ibe way of fainting; only from time to tim3 some men come with a ladder and affix, with a little noise is possible* a Jiatshment to the front of them. I don't know the time that hatchments ought to "hang" '(as the cooks say), bat those in.-Or^hdm-street remain a very-. Ion; time, so much so. that to an irreverent mind the neighbourhood oftm .resembles a congeries of public-houses, wi^Deafb for their signboards In front of them still project thairon M quenchers,'' formerly vised for erti nguishing the tombeau? of the' footmen. There is gas in the streel of cOunse^. brttgia tbemansionsthemselves one would as soon expect to find petroleum in domestic use. " The wave of fashion has retired from, the place and left it stranded; but it has a dignity of its own that rises above ^frivolousichange and contepujjs.it. Even in summer the doors do not stand'oplnir & in Eelgravia, affording to the ravished ^tespecticle of, powdered miniops in splendid apparel; they swing noiselessly back as some 'anciefbt t;bariat wittf spreading hammer? cloth stgf s.: to = disdiaij^.it?,. T stately burdengenerally a dowager— and having swaliowecl her they closeagun. ^Theproceasis very, similar to what will happen when she pays her last'visit to No ^ra^^^t^n^praise throe tenements, for theyteaaiever Such ft ewrilgge as a sale by auction, at all events, ha3 never been heard of-iii'O&mectionvfrith; them.; if Jbhey are disposed of it is by "private contract," which is kept as dead a secret as the .existence pf-the,; family spectre—of which there are, no doubt, many sfncjroens jn thisloeality. The mansions are all freehold. A ninety-nine years' lease would be looked upah in G-resham-street as evanescent an arrangenent as is taking lodgings by Th^luiuilreuf&^'d^ "ponderous," andwottldbe invaluable in Paris-^for^bajaicSdto; otherwise it has nothing. Parisian at oat it. The mirrors, though/not numerous, -are-very large,? and they intensify the gloom by multiplying it. In the tbawing-room of Ho. 80, which would with ease accommodate^ two hundred jpersons— be ma^at^wbat if^ery literally" termed "a pinch," to hold five hundred—there are, on the evening on "which our story opens," but three individmils..;'. An old"jfady, "with snow white hairand venerable appearance, but whose atti tude sssha'sits in her stiff-backed chairs till shows strength aud vigour iseiigajed upon some fancy- wbrjc—an occupation one would imagine fitter for younger eyes. Her dress is handsome, but old-fashioned wo it will be ouce more , leupof those recurrent Ifeoe on he; shoulders, % fjfoandher neek,aad& rthaneven time has Bed-looking, her face has an air at , __ ; like'onewho, having l®j$^trOTbIeherself for many ayear, recogniME^Ifs -trice 4n others, and Jos pity on them. —rr Th&second; occupant of the apartment is also a lady; die is mnch younger than her companion—indeed, she is scarcely beyond middle age—and yet-in some respects exhibits fewer signs of youth. The elder bias a bright eye, cheerfol voice, and at times, though rarely, a genialsmile, that show iheheari within is still warm Bod^Jender. The younger. is very grave and taeiiam ; ber expression, though not morose, is austere; the face—thin, pale, and delicate—bears tokens of physical pain; her voice, though sadand^entle, is, for a woman's, singularly resolute. There is firmness, too, for those who canxead it,inthe alines about her mouth. Carioniilyi<eiiough, wfcilethe elderlady is doinj toc^-^K^yotmgar is stitching with needle and th^wp|^mfi«lun^Unen.^rati;ire, too, has no ornament about it whatever, unless a large white cross, suspended by a ribbon from her neck, can be s& designated. She is dresred in the close- fittrag black and grey garments of a Protestattfiister of Mercy. The third person in the room, and who has only just entered it,:,is one of severe and pompous aspect, and Would, perhaps, be set down by a superficial observer as the spiritual superior of the other two, whereas he is, in fact, but Mr. Dunoome,-the butlfer. Dinner is served, my : Lady." Does His Lordship then dine at the Club ?" Yes, my Lady." " Then we may as well go down, Edith." This formula, so far as Duncomt o and his mistress are concerned, has been repeated every evening for the last twenty years, for as a matter of fact, Lord Earnshaw, his master, has been dead for that period. Every one knows it except Hjer.LadyBhip.wbb still clmgs to the fond beliefthat he is still slive, and acting as he was wont to do while in the flesh. If this were so, nothing.is certainly less likely than.that he should be dining at home. Lord Earnshaw had never'be^n a domestic man, and had left the world .under, the saddest circumstances—with another' man's wife. She had joined Mm on board his yacht, in which they had set sail for the Mediterranean: ang the Sans Soupi had-gone do wt^ "With ail cieyfcompjbte" (six men and a boy, brides her master and his mistress) in the Bay-of Eiscay. Xhe tidings were broken to his widow* doubtless as tenderly as might be, but tne sorrow and the shame were more than she could bev.. Something, it was popularly said, had given way in her brain in connection with .this particular subject, while all else was firm.' Psychologically this did not seem improbable, for the love she bad borne her husband had been a thing:apart fiona the rest of her life, and though that chord was snapped, it might well be that the other^trings. of being remained unbroken, though, alas!'without their music. He ha$Jef£ her fpf, tjfe. list time with some jgfaraqrgjp dating at Jms plnb^-he was, in fiuindlpnral Imi this ® mind aTOfehc-d 'itlelf. Slfe every day that this^had liapp^ned, but a few houn^o*»nd her xerrants.wereinstruct^d. not to in|e|fere..wittl=ier fofld delMion. His Lordahi^ stu3y wtla aiTari^ed* each morning ai it was wont to be when he had tenanted it; his newspapefcrwiutcue tflid jilaced npdn hia diesk^ his brotg in wintesr tinie put near the fire.' Sqme mpple thougU. that of late years the widow. She put the uiimgmpi to the butler eveiy^nii^fl^ll^buCw^tS^U^he s^gh.that bad <#old a^mpadiM«7 The poor soul," 8aid,"^g7H^y^eoBSciwu of-ber^weaknaaa, . Mt. believt--.—.j _ t ev^r tmft.her nnsmnd^was in the t^tilfit ffiSt was 'negleciMg trjHir'ttie^ * The exclusive right of publishing this tale in South Australia baa been purchased by the Pr prietora of the Adelaide Observer. circumstances it behoved her, for his sake, not to appear to pine, but to bear herself bravely. On—other points Lady Earnshaw. - was .as sane as other p<Bople,iand on Some much saner.: She had had in early life a genuine gift of humour, and even£ now an ooca^ional gTcam would leap out from some corner of her mind, half playful' half pathetic. Her heart was as' tender to the woes of others as before it had ' been broken, but its solicitudes had ceased. She had no nervous fears—of old she was full of them—for the welfare of those she loved; she let the world move ~on around her' without' attempting to set right what was amiss in it; and she smiled, though vecy kindly, *t those who still endeavoured bo to do. Indeed, it was difficult for any two good women to have less in common than Lady Earnshaw and Sister Edith," as she called herself, bat each esteemed u and loved the other. Edith, though herself a person of strong' practical piety, had a secret respect for the delusion under 1 which the elder lady laboured with respect to. her dead husband. "It wa? better/* she said, to treat the dead as living, than the living, as so many did, as though they were in another world or sot of the same flesh and blood." Nay, though she knew her uncle by marriage to have been an absolutely worthless scoundrel, she did not) think him past - praying for even yet; whereas her aunt, had she thought her husband dead, would certainly have ceased to pray for him; - Almost every act of the lives ; of these t wo persons was performed with a difference. , As-tney sat down to table, for example, on the present occasion, Lady Earnshaw bent down over, her plate, murmured a few. words, as it seemed, to the nrokin outside of it; and then proceeded to help the soup. Sister Edith, on the other hand, stood up, folded her arms across her bosom, and uttered a long though inaudible benediction. ; My der.r," said her hostess, smiling and speaking in the French language, as they always did before the servant3, " you remind me of old Lend Earnshaw's chaplain, who used to say Kis form of grace according to the character oK the fare set before bioi. If it was a family dinner, he said, 'For what we are going to receive;' if he saw the long gl?c3es, wLich foretdld *ome Sparkling beverage, he would begin, ' Bountiful jehavah.'" I am afraid he must have been an indifferent priest, Aunt Mildred." " Well, he was certainly not very devout; he only reminded me of yourself, .of course in the particular I mentioned." " Do I then alter my grace if there are long _ flfees enquired Sister Edith, in that somewhat lugubrious tone which religious persons assume when respect forbids them to reprove a transgressor. -- ? | My dear Edith, you are v^ry litferaJ," sfcid the old Iddy laughing. "I only meant the parallel to extend to th6 change of grace', not to the reason of it. I noticed that you said a lodger one than usual to-day. Is it a feast of, the Clutch, or a fast, or what ?" y u It is neither one nor the other, Aunt Mildred. Nor was my. grace longer, than ordinary. If you really wish to know, and will not mo^k at me u for telling you, I was saying a short prayer." A thousand pardons, dear," (she reached out her thin white hand, sparkling with jewels, and laid it On her companion's arttV, 1 hope you were praying for me, for heaven knows 0 I need it, [ttcv could I have abetter earthly intercessor." The tone cf th& speaker had every sign of genuineness, and curiously enough > that was the very thing in it that most displeased the other; she did not like having, as*it Were, a complijnent paid her at the expense of her principles. Who: was she that she should, mediate hot ween thjs woman and her Creator £ Wjiy did she not; consult some authoriced agent, such as Gerald Vane, whom she called "Father," though he was younger than herself. " Ah! dear Aunt.Mildted, I wish l could get yon to think as I do; to be convinced oE the " truth. I have a book upstairs, called ' Aid to the Donbtfo ,' writtei originally in the Latin tongae, but which 1 Mr. Yane has translated——" "• My dear Ed'th," interrupted Lady Eirnshaw smil'.n^r, " I am too old to mend. At my time of life I conuol; think of beginning a new ^course of theology. Let me give you some irbot." It was a comforjfc to the old lady that her itiece was not forhidden fish; bhetcemcd tD be debarred from so s?iny thiuss foe the good of berconl. ~ - i S There was silence for a little, which the hostess was the first to^brea^. . " I wonder how Dick-is getting on with his young friead to-night P • " I have been thit^ingofvthat^jAant Mildreds Don't you think he i« a littl^yotuigto be dining at a Club P "'•.. % J , :.:"'"'•' " Well, he is. nrarly seventeen, and has left Eton, though,: it ris feae, only a few days. He cannot be tied to oue's.apron strings bow lie is no longer a schoolboy. Hie friend Mr. Greene, who is at College, asls him to dine with him. What would yon have had me do ?" - " The poor boy is so thougbtlefis, and I am afraid has so little principle^tKbugh, indeed, that is not his fault; and ne liaa never known a mother's care." p-. " That is only too true. But even supposing myself to be in his mother's place, bere is an old schoolfellow asks the lad to dine. Should I not be wounding his amour prppre^-a, feeling that is perhaps Stroinesb at his age—in saying No;' and then, perhaps," added the-old lady naively, l " it is just possible he might have gone all the same." " Oh, I hope not, Aunt Mildred; I trust not: He is «6lf-willed, &nd;, 3 fear, wild, bat not so wicked as that." Lady Earnshaw smiled again, and this lime her smile had a tirnch of bitterness. " If Dick is wicked aV-liis-a^e, God help him, and forgive grown men. I think you are di3- posed to take a microscopic view of human frailty, instead of using what from your own elevation above the. follies of the, world would more bscome you—the telescope." I beseech you do not talk like that. Elevation ! My feat ate tet in mire aud clay." Well, the soil is even worse, at all events, on which the lest o? us are standing. As to Dick, if you objected to his going out, why did you not advise him to stay at home " I advise him ? You know that I have no authority. Nay, that his father ha? warned the poor lpd against me as though I were a serpent" " Poor Francis! It seems so strange to me that you good people quairel even when yon are of the same blood." " It is written, Aunt Mildred," answered the jbther gravely, " that for the good cause a man's foes should be those of his own household."' " There is also the text, 'Let brotherly *love continre,'" replied the telder lady drily; "Son iave eaten next to nothing, my deaz, f^ qsual. Will you not take one glass of wine ?"; / Sister .Edith shook her bead and smiled. - " You know I never drink wine, Aunt Mildied." " Then we^riU go- upstairs.. Dancombey yoa will sit up iet MasterEidiard: to-night.", . " Very good, my Lady." The deceased L?rd Earnshaw, when he came home {from his Club, was supposed to use his own (skeleton) key. CHAPTER n. sisTBB edith's vigil. The two ladies, When they returned^ to the drawinj-room, resumed the work in which they had be en resp actively ei^aged; albeittheyounjer at least would have scofe^d to call it.by that name. Her real work lay among the tenants of thelane§ and, alleys of the town, ahd she 4id, for the satne clients, with* Eer : thread and needle,'wsaj : by comparison, recreation. Perhaps the hard§st'task shehad to do within doOK was to herself . m>m adv^sating ISf.; own opinions with a vehemence tt*vt under the circumstances would have been uflberaimngY the iSallic like indiffertpia of Aer. venecaldejcelative to mattorf thit^rere'nwer'H^rh^ tfcfti life itself, was one of the crosses: that? Sister £dith and. ^^^^^^iS^c^^^e^fl^vel'tti . elder lady preaffljtlf. • f'Yes/',. * .3.,: . ' Ilbis monosyllajjle wis futiofsig nificance; It Jnipli«l&St;?an abStifii^Sf^flt^iSiB^iftBebondly ^ut under pr<^st; as^t^'^E^^o^i^' cJS o from the quarter in question could possess any personal interest. «' I really do pity that poor boy having to spend his holidays, or at least the time before he goes to College, at Dprntpn Eegis." . I alwtqw did pity biin, Aunt Mildred." " Such a change as he must find it after Eton; not a soul seems ever to come to ihe Tower— except Mr. Freeman." Sister Edith uttered' an tabulation-of disapproval. " Yes; I must say there I agree with you," continued the old lady. " That man seems to have picked out, as. it were, the worst part of the Christian faith, to'form a religion for himself, and he's a toad-eater too, which is a very, loathsome forn>of reptile. It is wonderful thai Francis does not see it." " He sees it, auii'ii, but fosters the man in spite of it," said Sisier Edith quietly. "He considers him a ' pillar' and a' shining lirht.'" " I wonder how it is that the clergy are now to puffed up," mused Her Ladyship. " In my young dayo, till a man was made a Bishop no one thought anytlung of hiiE: acd not much even then.- My Lord's father, indeed, looked upon.bis chaplain as a sort of link batween the drawing-room and the servant's hall, but that was an extreme case. Now half one's relatives are preached to death by them, and tbe other half daren't so much as eat or drink without permission of their clergyman—jnst as though they had taken degrees in physic instead of divinity." Sister Edith did not reply; she was. conscious that her aunt was referring to the feasts of the Church, and possibly -even to the -Bev.- Gerald Vane himself, her own spiritual superior. " Is Eichard like what his father was as a' boy. Aunt Mildred ?" enquired she pres ently. " Yes; though' with -a difference^ "He is not quite so handsome, but tlien he has a more frank expression. T5ven" in bis wildest, days your brother had rather an austere leak. Ho took his pleasure sadly. But t ie clear skin and olive complexion, the bright T brown eyes, tbe mass of hair, with that ratural w^ve in it, are reproductions of his tfather's Siar&ctetutics.; Francis was never winning. to my mird, a^ this boy is, though my poor Mary—his ousin loo, which might in' itself have been a barrier— thought otherwise." Here she sighed and shook her grey head. " I think Francis always loved his wife," said Sister Edith, gently. " Yes, after a fashion. He was faithful to her, no doubt, and was sorry when she died. For my part, I am so wicked as to have preferred him in his nnregenerate days to when he became "a chccan vessel.' " I trust Dick will' not be wild,'" said Sister Edith, softly. " Let us hope nob, bat especially that he may not grow tame in hi» fatBfcr s way. Ejkthe-bye, Edith, there was Amefiung :ia yoar jbrouher's letter which I must needs speak of, though I think it in bad taste, and qttitennnecessaiy. He begs his boy may not be sent to church tomorrow in yoor company—that you won't inke \him toSt. -Ethelbur ga's." "Lest he sboftld learn idolatry, I suppose," said Edith, bitterly. - " That is the very expression Francis osedj" answered 1 Lady ^ Eomshaw. " I don't approve of the place myself, as you are aware, bat I think such a restriction ill-advised. I was obliged to mention it, hdw&v;&r;, lest you should have thought of taking him." Edith said nothing, bat her work did not progress for several minutes; her, tears 1 damped the linen and rusted the needle. She felt it very hard; for this boy, who had already given signs of waywardness and wilfulness, w*>s as the apple of her eye to her. The love that the father had rejected almost with loathing, she had laid up as it were in store for the son; and it was her dearest wish' to win him, first to heaven, and next to herself. She had secretly looked fbrwatd-Co going with Mm to the chnrch on the morrow, and to praying for him, while she looked oii his bright fece.jas a mothe?~prays in the presence of her child/ And.now this was not to be. As the clock struck 10 Lady Earnshaw, a usual, put away her tambopr frame, and lit he bed candle with her own hands; for notwith standing her age she was independent, and dis liked the attentions even of a servant. If I might advise you, Edith," said she, a* they embraced." you will retire also; you look pale and worn, and if, as I suppose, you mean to attend matins to-morrow morning, your night will be, even as : it is, a 8hort one."- - I snail be in my ownroom&mostas; T sc on asyou. dear aunt," returned Edj$h, and while she spoke she put away the square of -linen on which«he was engaged in a hugh ottoman, the unsu sp^cted troepticle that sort of p'ain work,' and followed her relaSve upstairs. Her own bedchamber was a large one immediately. over - that of her aunt, buc arranged in very different style. • In the latter there was \ a profusion of massive furniture, antiquatedin design^and oppressive as to its effect, but on the whole it was comfortable. The~cr*?opied bed was at least warm and soft; the -armchairs, though ugly, were roomy and svell staffed. But Sister Edith's room toas almost bare. The floor, though scrupulously clean, Jhail no carpet, save in the centre of the r6om, on which Stood a writing table. The'bed was wi thout curtains and very narrow. There were but two chairs, high-backed and cane-bottomed. On the walls were a" few engrrvings of a mediaeval type, and all on Eicred subjects; they had doubtless their merits from an artistic point of view, but the figures were hard, cold, ana (to profane eyes) much out of the perspective, while every one portrayed looked intensely -miserable.-, .The only article of beauty or laxnry. lms a Imge crucifix of ivory, which stood ina sojHi of alcove on a gronnd of pnrple velvet, and with a cushion beneath it of the same costly material. To this object the occupant of the. apartment reverently turned her eyes whenever she entered or quitted it, and always with a profound obeisance. Altogether it was no wonder that Sister Edith's Protestant friends were wont to speak of her as " going overor that her brother Francis, as we have hinted, concluded she Had already gone, not only to Jtome, bat even farther. It seemed she bad no intention for the present of retiring to rest, fos after one glance to left and right through the open wirdow—for it was Still early autumn—she sat down and began to read. Every one knows bow difficult it is to keep the attention fixed, even on an attractive volume, when the mind is anxious,« was now the case with Sister Edith's; yet to lc 3k at her one would have concludcd she had no thought within her independent of the occupation in which she was .engaged. As a matter of fact, she was not greatly interested in the subject of her study—that very "Aid to the Doubtful" of which She had spoken so eulogistically to her aunt; it was Father Vane's own book, and so far had a stroBg claim on Iter attention, bat a translation from the Latin is not generally a work of absorbing interest—and besides she had herself no doubts. And yet from hp.bit, from that principle of overcoming natrre, or, at the worst, of seeming to do so, which bad become her rule in life, she sat with the book before her'as resolutely 1 as though both were, carved in stone. Nature, however, is difficult' te expel—they failed to do it of old, says the poet, with a pitchfork, and the crozier of the bishop has no better lack — and Sister Edith's thoughts wandered though her gaze was fixed. She was tb'iking of the truant boy," Who had not yet returned home (her ears bad-jifiver csased to listen for his steps upon the pavement), and her heart was heavy witiiin her on that account. Young as he was, ne hfd from a 'childlsen a "source to her of deep, anxi&tyi; -.She ti>d yearned to take bis mothei's place frdm the Moment le had lost her, but that had been denied her (indeed of late years his father-bad cut off all connection between^ them); yet' before he went to school she had had opportunities o! reading his character, which s&e; had.done of course after ber ownjfchts. T^e irreverence of. the boy, as She termecT his naturalrrca, b&d; shocked sher. There now: ome into bar mind come examples of it. He had attempted on one occasion at th4.iinipatare of fiVK t^cawe^he »int at luichefotf ^is^thesr hsiap^iUm qui^t^SBide; . -with " The master of the boose always carves, carves in heiaveii', pa^ai ?" he had . -replied,:" . • -.•••' ••: provoked a snfile%mong weSnle -nisi. It is doing no wrong to either Mr. Francis Talbot or his sister to say that, differing as they did in almost all matters of opinion, they agreed in this, to ignore common sense as much as possible Even Mr. Talbot, however, perceived that his ".Son's question had better be answered categorically, so he answered " The Master." Then he must have ia big knife," retained the ctnld. Thepe remarks of Eichard—for there had •been maay of the. like kind—-had given Sister Edithra great deal of pain. She saw in them a nature far too much " at ease in Zion,"and sub- .•sejjuent events had confirmed her fears. Master Dick bad shown himself something worse than irreverent with reference to sacred things, or w$at fcister Edith considered as such; and his father had not corrected' him—in some such mfcttejrs he had even encouraged him oat of oppdsitipn to herself. In all things connected with his son he was lax and lenient, thtugh stern enough in his dealings with thexest of the world. Richard's stay for a'few days at his grandmother's in Gresham-street, on his leaving Eton, had been looked forward to by Sister Edith as an opportunity for regaining her old influence ever the lad; but it was doubtful whether he hfid not already passed beyond it. It is but. just to say tbat she had no idea of converting him to her particular -views, but only to win him from evil ways, for that he had fallen into such she w.'S wjell nigh convinced. He had been flogged at schbol —a punishment which, in its disgrace, she considered little inferior to being placed in the pillory; and once he bad come home to the Towerin wh&tmight; almost be termed' 'custody." His private tutor, at least, had accompanied him, bearing an intimation from the sclol authorities that it would bebetter for all parties if Master R; chard Talbot were quietly withdraw^ by his friends. This citat trophe bad, it is tru^, been averted, and Eton had once more taken]tolier bosom her prodigal son; but the sin tmt had slmost procared kis expulsion was DO lei, in Sister Edith's view, than if it had bornej that' shameM fruit. Master Richard, beingibut sixteen years of age, had got drunk &g; th?t fismous Inn " The Christ 3pher,"atan enf3rtainment given to some boon companions, and on being; asked his name by. a master of the college, had replied without hesitation, " Beelzebub." And iow the clock of the neighbouring church was cpiming midnight, and thisyoupgreprobato had zx>t yet come home, "What orgie might he not lie partaking of? To what unimaginable depiwvity might he not have .succumbed. Ab the last solemn stroke of the hour died away. Sister Edith took up her reading lamp, "and with a glance, as usual, at the symbol of her flith, whidi had something of appeal this time,^ as well as reverence in it, she left the roomi and softly descended the stairs. All was silenif in the house, but from the basement^ as she descended the back stairs, there came to her ear a| stertorous Eound/as "though the kitchen clock; WPS choking. Mr. Duacombe was fast asleep in an prmchair Ti ;fore the fire, and snoriDg as o^y a very plethoric psrson in a postu-e favoiiable to the development of that gift can snored Dnncombe! Duncombe! "Dnncomle!" ejaculatcd^ister. Edith. _ "Asv right: whast is it? Goodness me, Miss Editli, I teg your pardon." "Hiere is no offence, Duncombe; I came down to say yon need not sit up any longer for Master ; Eichard. I will do that myBelL" " But you'll be so tired, miss; I've been used to keep awake o' nights for my bstters." " Ho matter; you have your work to do tomorrow, and I havie none. I will let Master Richard in—only you need not say anytlun about it." She meant, or thought she meant, that he was to bejjsi⁢ about this delegation of duty to her, but |ie replied, to ber annoyance, "Oh, yes 'am; I quite understand. '' Young people will i>e young people, aud Master Richard is forgetting how time flies, no doubt. There is no necdj as yoa say, to make a fass about it; and Her Ladyship shall never know."' Considering his slnmbsroas condition, Mr. Dnncombs had rerlly divined the thoughts of his young mistress pretty accurately. "I an! afraid, miss/'added he, "yoa will have il sit in the dinirig-room, or yoa will not hear the bell." How, Mr. Duncombe himself had anmged matters for hearing the bell when he wa sound f sleep, Edith did not think it necessary to enquire. She took her lamp and book into the room indicated, and prepared to continue her vigil. Her motive for so doingWHB partly, as she bad 8_id,to relieve the man from ms watcu; for she thought it WiOfig that an old servant should be kept;outof his b3d by her nephew's dissipation, but chiefly fiat there should be ro witness but herself of Dick's return. It we^ probable tb%t it ndght be at r>me disreputable hour in the morning, and even possible that he might have taken lei much to drink. However astray Sister Edits may have gone in her religions faith, the principle of self-sacrifice, on which all goodness worthy of the name is bnilt, was strong within her; nay, her merit was even greater, for by long use of the virtue she had almost become unconscious of its exercise. She denied herself, as other people please themselves, mechanically. A' dining-room is rarely a pleasant place wherein to pass the small hours of the morning; and 'the dining-room in Gresham-st eet was especially melancholy. Its vast mahogany table so far from being suggestive of banqueting (of which, indeed, it had been innocent for the last twenty years), seemed adapted rather for the . coffin of its proprietor, while all the accessories—the dark oak pannelling, the sombre curtains, and the ancestor! pictures on the walls—would have suited admirably with a lying in stats. But Sister Edith, who had be an used to keep the watche3 of the night by the beds of the sick and dying, wasted no thought upon these unpleasant surroundings; and if she was impatient for her nephews return, it was solely for his own bake. Not till she had finished her book, indeed, did she allow herself the li'.xary of thought at all; and even then not witbont some scrapie—for she had been warned by her spiritual adviser against a tendency she had to "dream." It was, however, but her actual past that now obtruded itself upon her. Her mind reverted to the days of her youth, when she had been her father's favourite, and as he was wont to call her after her mother's death, and not without rep.son," his right hand." At that time Francis Talbot had been a very different man from what he had since bscome; he wai then a spendthrift and a profligate, and it had been her mission to excuse him, so far as was possible, to his outrajc d parent. She had not been credited even then with the exercise of any such good office. Her brother had bean jealous of her influence over the old man, and had ncused ber not only of hypocrisy (which was to be expected) but of celf-seekiiig—of wishing ,' d ingratiate herself with her father at his expsnse. This had h:en terrible to her; not on account of it? fahehod but because of certain bints that liad been dropped by persons who had obtained grc-.t influerce over her, that a disposition in her favour of ber father's wealth would Jbe of advantage to the bsst iutarats of ma ikind; while its reverting to her brother's bands would be an unmitigated evil. These hints had bsen very skilfully wrapped up, and she had bsen enabled to ignore tbem, but they had lodged in a pigeonhole of her m nd, aud gave her trouble there. Then suddenly ; Francis had had his " C.-.U," as he te-med it—which, whencsTosver it liad come, bad certainly carried him in a very different direction frc-a that he had hitherto pursued. It had not, however, reconci'cl hkn tohis father, who perhaps subpacLad itr genuineness; while it had made thc :3 psicons still more resolute against him of whose influence with Edith we have already spoken. Shehad been wara^d, and this time broadly, that it was her duty to. prevent, if possible, her 'father's estate passing into the : hands of an enemy of the OhurdL ' - ' : " ' • Edith. Talbot shrank from harming her brother's interests; she shrank fijm harming th&se;'of the Church.; and Sh&.waB absolutely inditerent to^ her own. How Bhei would ha^ve eventually decided'ls doubtful; but at this ^critical period Mrs. Francis Taliot, who had 'taen hitherto childless, gave jpirth to a son. From tint,moment .all thoughts of enriching the Church.at the expfense .of her brother vaidflhed from, Edith^s mind. She .fcjUs;tbkt 6W>»ad never diejf q⪙ that innocent child df 'any portion ;?hk wnfidiinra;'^ b^ no meahs 'shared by Francis". .Fdr'Hb.4lwn put he was dead to the world," 6d&wbrldly; J | goods were dross in his eyes; bat he shaddered : at the tiiought of the wealth of ths Talbots passing into Jesuits' hands. -Rather to the surprise of Algernon Talbot's friends , and. neighbours, it was found when be died that this; misfortune had not taken pla<ie. By a will made many years back, he left the greater part of his property and all his landed estate to his. son, with- only a moderate provision tor hi daughter. This circumstance had somewhat, mollified her brother's resentment against her, but be still believed in his heart that die had done her best to disinherit him. It had not'been so, as we know. Her love for her father, whom she had tended through a miserable illness with unflinching devotion, had hstLao -sordid taint. She was thinking of "him now, j>ioturing him in his armchair in the old library at. fbeiTewer with his dogs about him, and herself-reading aloud to him some record ofcthe chase. . He had bad no sympathy with her in. spiritual things; they were mattery indeed, on which he was disinclined to think at all. But when she thought of him she felt,in spite of all teachings to the' contrary, that there were other ways bf reaching heaven beside the one that she had chosen.' He had loved her, and trusted her, and died with his feeble hand in hers. • • Five o'clock! How slswly the strokes fell on the silent to wn upon its Sabbath., In half an hour it would be time "for her to go to matins. With that duty no other—short of one of life or death—was ever permitted by her to interfere. She went upstairs ~ and prepared herself" to go out, though, with a sinking heart. Shestood in fear of two things. Richard might come borne in ber absence, when it would be. impossible to conceal .from Lady Eafnshaw the • hour at which be returned; and secondly,some accident might have .happened to 'him. .It. WBS characteristic of her, and her peculiartraining that this apprehension was on" the' whole thelesser one of the two. Had £ he been 'his 1 mother—end her solicitude for him Was almost" SB great as though she was—it woold by 'this time have been swallowed up by all krfhees. But death iteelf was in her eyes far less terrible than shame and sin; for she knew them both. Her path had lain among them, as the course of" a pure Streamlet lies under thorns, briars, «iid between rugged rocks. The vilest had respected her; the most brutal had not molested " her. ^ Her calling had not indeed been always* -wel? corned ps one of mercy and love, but it bad been tacitly acknowledged to be well-mining, and there is no doubt that her professional cos-' ; tume-r-thougb to many of us it Beems to protest tea much—had been a, protection to . her. With her hood thrown over lier head, and draped in simple black and grey, she now-descends the 8t~.irs like a ghost who3e heart is still.with the struggling world that she has left; -she softly opens the door (she has a latch-key of lier, own to let ^herself in with) and steps into the empty street. She glances quickly to left and right, but i>6 living creature is to be seen; she stands, J and for an instant listens intently for a quick young footstep, but no cound breaks the Sabbath morn. Then, with a deep sigh shehn-Ties on through short cuts that she knows, and presently comes within hearing of a little bell that does not peal, nor toll, nor ring, but tinkles like the^ sheep-bell heard among the solitary hills, t«id marks the presence of a little fold (or, so it seems to her) of Christ's own Church. Then suddenly-.it is swallowed up by another EOtcnd, a bacchanalian song—some " strange experience, of Moll and Dess"—which breaks oat. in a sfcrjll clear voice and fills the street. She .turns the corner, end meets the, singer face to face—a handeeme lad, with f everish eyes and hi^&ird; g face, who has evidently kept vigil like herself, though after, another fashion. "Oh,Dick!" she cries, a,volume of reproof in her sad tmes. " By jingo," says the bov, Then, with sadden cor'.ciousness of the pain' in the Others "face, " Fm awfully sorry, Aunt Edie; I am indeed.' H 