AMENDED VOLUNTEER REGULA TIONS. w The Gazette of July II contains amended regulations for the Reserve and Volunteer Forces of South Australia. It is complimentary to the original draftsmen of the rules under which the Force has been organized, and by which it has so far been governed, that the alterations introduced are few and for the most part unimportant. We say it is complimentary to him, for it ia well known that the present ColonelComman dant is not only intimately acqnaintod with the routine of military duty, but enjoys to such an extent the confidence of the Government that any changes recom mended by him would be sure of official approval. The regulations as now printed may therefore be regarded as embodying Colonel Downes's views, and as being in his estimation equal to the requirements of the case. In reading them through we notice that sufficient care has not been taken to ensure verbal accuracy, or rather rerbal consistency. Thus in speaking of the media through which correspondenca is to be forwarded to the Staff Office att omission of direct reference to officers of 'batteries' as well «s to officers o£ ' troops'' and ' companies' is very properly rectified, but in other places the reviser has neglected to maka the addition, although there the necessity Fo? it is apparent. Other minoc discrepancies of the kind might bo pointed out ; but it is needless to dwell upon them. It is noteworthy that tho illusions to the Reserve are left unaltered md that the new regulations are as silent aa to the constitution of that body ax those which they supersede. In connec tion with this subject it really ia timo that some determination waa arrived at as to the position of the old volunteers, consisting chiefly if Dot entirely of. officers who years ago were formally in stalled by the Governor upon the Reserve list Are they still entitled to rank as officers; are they still liable to be called out ; or has their position in the Forca lapsed ? The matter may not appear of much consequence, but it will guard against complication hereafter if matters are placed upon a thoroughly definite foot ing. Among the alterations introduced we find a new clause specifying that com panies of artillery and infantry are to con Bist of not loss than sixty nor more than eighty men exclusive of officers. The absence of this regulation from the coda appearing in the Gazette of May 24, 1877, was manifestly only a clerical blunder. Another now provision is that directing that 'the proportion of officers to all corps will be regulated asfar as practicable by the custom in Her Majesty's Service.' Speaking of officers, we are curious to know whether the whole of the gentlemen to whom commissions were given at the end of hist year have justified their appointment by passing the exa mination to which it was understood they were to be subjected after some months' service. It will bo remembered that the sting was to a large extent taken out of the strong complaints made re specting some of the appointments by tho intimation that for all practical purposes they were only probationary. If the trial the officers have had has proved them to bo all competent to much the better, but the wellbeing of the Force demands that if any have shown them selves unfit for their post by 'general inaptitude' — to quote the regulations — he names of their successors should bo speedily announced. We observe that the power of appointing non-commissioned officers formerly vested in the Governor, acting on the recommendation of the officer commanding the volunteers, has been formally transferred to the Colonel Commandant. The wisdom of this change is doubtful, uot only in the interest of the Force, but also of the Colonel - Commandant, who, we should imagine, does not at all covet the responsibility thuscast upon him. His position is difficult enough as it is, and the duty of selecting and absolutely appointing all non-commissioned officers will be a troublesome and an invidious one. Another modification effected con sists in tho expungement of words ren dering it necessary that officers or non commissioned officers, before thoy can exchange from one troop or company or (we presume) battery to another, must ab:olutely resign their appointments This i-lteration implies that the exchange can take place without the formality of resignation and reappointment. So far as we are able to see the remain ing changes made are of a very insigni ficant character. There is no traco of tho absurd regulations respecting salutes by volunteers when off parade and military uniformity in shaving, which it was at one time currently reported were to bo brought into force. It is gratifying to notice that none of the rules in re ference to discipline, parades, drills, and other assemblies, and offences by members of the Forco havo been relaxed, and that the provisions as to prizes available for efficiency in artillery and musketry firing are con tinued. Tho Dry Creek Ranges aro recognised in place of the late ranges on the South Park Lands as the regular station for target practice ; and it is to ba hoped that the Government, taking into consideration the distance of this station from town, will deal liberally with the men in the matter of free passes on the railway. Speaking generally, the regulations as now revised and approved by the Colonel Commandant are sufficiently stringent to promote efficiency without being so rigorous as to reduce the men who serve under them to that state of mechanical subserviency to command which is found to be indispensable in. connection with regular troops. CoNSTmrnow-Ai- Reform iw Victoria,— The political horizon in Victoria is ex ceedingly threatening, and Ministers are likely to have their hands full during the present session. Not only have they to contend against foes without, but dis affection seems to be spreading among their own followers, some of whom dis approve of the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway. The Government policy generally, too, seems to have been very severely criticised by their supporters during the debate on the address in reply. The two main features of Mr. Berry's programme are a Con stitution Reform Bill and an extansivo scheme of railway construction. It is cl*-(^r tkat something must be dono t.i aatiatjr the so-called Librral party, who aro' now beginning t-- experience to tho f ulx the disastrous Hfccts of the he-i i strong and unconstitutional action of the Ministry. The uatUorizing of a tlrmsand miles of railway nnd Hie borrowing 'f tho money for comtrnoHus: them tv.,-ald of course help to dispel the prevailing dul ness. But Mr. Berry is pledged to bring in his Reform Bill, which is to bo submitted next week, and if the R'.rifo of last session is renewed it ia iait- j^aible to say when the various measures will be passed. Unhappily, too, the Council seems determined to act independently, and a Bill for altering the constitution of that Chamber has already been read a first time in the Upper House. When the two Chambers are bo Beriously at variance at the outset there is not much, hope of an amicable arrangement being concluded, and when, added to this there is so much disaffection among the 'Liberal' party in the Assembly theprospectof having a grave constitutional question calmly and fairly discussed is very remote. So far as we can judge from the particulars that have reached as the Government scheme and that proposed by Sir Charles Sladen are equally unsatisfactory. Mr. Berry's plan is that the Council should be ex pected to pass Money Bills, not to alter or lay them aside. If not passed within a month the Bill is to be forwarded to the Governor for his assent. The effect of such a measure if passed would simply be to make the Council more obstructive in other ways, as they easily could be. The Council proposal is to increase the number of members so as to make it equal to half the number in the Assembly, to fix the period for which they shall retain their seatB at six years, to lower the rental qualification of electors to an annual valne of from £25 to £35, though that of leasehold electors is to continue ?t £50. On the other hand it is proposed hat freehold electors whose property is tallied at from £50 to £150 shall have two votes and from £150 upwards three votes. It is scarcely needful to discuss either scheme minutely. As proposals to Bettle the constitutional difficulty fcoth arc utterly ridiculous, and it cannot for one moment be expected that either of them will pass both branches of the Legitlature. Sir Charles Sladen and his party are exceedingly shortsighted in giving any support to such a Bill as he has brought in, and they are strangely unmindful of the obligation that rests upon them to help rather than to raise an additional barrier in the way of a fair solution of the difficulty. Mr. Berry, too, altogether ignores the responsibility that rests upon him when he pro pounds a scheme which is transparently and egregiously absurd, and will inevitably revive the antagonism between the two Chambers. The Premier is also en dangering his own position, for. he lias already made sufficient failures to render his followers suspicious of his claims to be regarded as a heaven-born leader. Should he again fail to settle the constitutional question, or should he not succeed in carrying his Public Works Bill,- his tenure of office i3 likely to be cut short. Altogether the political prospects in Aric toria are decidedly perplexing, although in the very gloominess of the outlook there is hope. It cannot but be that the career of the Ministry which has been playing such fantastic tricks in h:gh places, and bringing contempt upon the colony, will ere long close. The Cable News.— Another question haa been disposed of by the Plenipoten tiaries at Berlin, who have now settled the boundaries of tha territory, in Asia Minor of which possession is to be granted to Russia. It 13 stated that on Saturday next the treaty i3 to be signed, but whether the intelligence has reference to the treaty embodying the resolutions arrived at by the Congress or that lately concluded between England and Russia is uncertain. It is more probable that the latter ia alluded to, inasmuch as there remain many questions for settlement by the Congress, and moreover the ratification of the understanding arrived at on all points by the Envoys is not to take place until some time after their departure from Berlin. It is true that the conclusion of the Anglo-Turkish treaty has been officially announced in the Imperial Par liament, but the formal completion of the agreement may not have been effected. According to a telegram we publish this morning, which i3 at variance with one printed by us in Thursday's Rujlsttr, the announcement of the defensive alliance between England and the Porte has been made the subject of unfavourable comment by the Austrian, Italian, and French Press, and it has not been well received at the Congress. It is not surprising that the arrangement is condemned in these quar ters, and there is little doubt but that when the apparent brilliancy of L--rd Beacensfield's latest diplomatic coup has lost its freshness public opinion in England will also be strongly ad verse to the protectorate propo3ad to be extended to the Ottomans. Affaire in Roumelia do not appear to im prove, and the insurgents are reaping the fruits of their resistance to the oppresive Russo-Bulgarian reyime to which they are now subjected. Their hostility does not justify the outrages perpetrated by the Russians and Bulgarians within the List two months. Villages have been plundered and burnt wholesale, and thoir destruc tion has probably been signalized by an indiscriminate slaughter of the people. If only to put an end to this state of affairs, it is to be hoped the ratification of the reaolutiona of the Congress will sreet\ily be effected, and the contending forces and bands of insurgents be sepa rated. The Social Democrat Hwdel, who attempted the life of the Emperor of Germany a few weeks ago, has been sentenced to death tor his treasonable and d-ittardly conduct. The penally is a just one ; and it may be hoped that the exe cution of this criminal will serve as a warning to the ministers of social disorder. Another would-be regicide — Dr. Nobeiing — remains to be dealt with ; and from one point of view hi3 offence ia even greater than that of Hcedel, as he partially Bucceeded in his cowardly attempt The German Government have thus far been unsuccessful in their endeavours to gain the Banction of Parliament to measures tending rigidly to suppress Socialist teachings and writings ; but it is evident that they are determined to exercise the power in their bands to cope with thi3 widespread form of disaffection and to strike at the root of the social canker which is now assuming a form so alartniog. KriSAXCES ix the City. — We have _ so frequently had occasion to draw attention to the nuisances incessantly arising in the city in consequence of its defective sani tary arrangements that we feel some reluctance in again reverting to the subject. An intolerable nuisanco which has long been experienced has, however, e anifested itself in bo aggravated a form within the last day or two that it is imperatively necessary to refer to it. For years past the residents in Rundle and Pulteney streets have been greatly annoyed by noxious odours arising from the drain running under the v avementa of these streets, and on Thura pUy the stench became so bad that it nearly sickened passers-by, as well as those who are unfortunate enough to have their residences or places of business in the near vicinity of the nuisance. The i rain is at a very slight depth below the footpaths, and is simply covered with slat*. Of these many are cracked, and through the crevices the odour escapes in disy listing volume. When it is borne in i- ind that the thoroughfares traversed by '? ; ' ie sevf era are in the very heart \- f ire city, aud that one of them is the 'chief business street of Adelaide, it is difficult to comprehend why the civic authorities have allowed such a state of affairs to exist for so long a period. The neglect of the Council is the more culpable that their attention has been frequently drawn to the unpleasant neBs and inconvenience occasioned by the nuisance. It is true that they have from time to time caused the slabs to be cemented in places, but the utter inefficacy of this proceeding must long have been known to them, and it is forcibly demonstrated by the recurrence on Thursday in a highly intensified form of the evil so frequently complained of. We under stand that in consequence of the repre sentations made by the sufferers, the drains were visited yesterday by Mr. Councillor Fuller in the company of the Town Clerk, and that the conclusion arrived at wa3 that the only remedy would be to place another covering over the drain. We take leave to doubt whether that course will prove aa effective as is hoped ; but apart from this it seems extraordinary that the Council should not long ago have con sidered it necessary to adopt a better method than that of plugging up a few cracks here and there with cement. Their conduct in this respect i3, however, too much in keeping with their neglect of innumerable other sanitary precautions ; such, for instance, as the thorough cleansing of the watertable3 and the enforcement of cleanliness in private yards. Unhappily, it is not merely discom fort and annoyance that may be occasioned by the existence of the Rundle-street nuisance. At any moment the germs of disease lurking in these pestilent drains may create an outbreak of some epidemic, which in so crowded a quarter of the city could not but be attended with dis astrous results. It ia imperatively necessary in view of these considerations that effective steps should be at once taken for suppressing the evil. Whilst, however, it is needful that temporary measures should thus be resorted to, it is certain that nothing short of a complete and radical alteration in the drainage system will entirely remove the evil. The case referred to affords a striking illustration of the faulti ness of the present mode of carrying off the sewage ; but after all, it is only one of many proofs tending in the same direction. Under such a scheme as that propounded by Mr. Clark we believe firmly that such occurrences will be impossible. At all events it cannot fail to be infinitely superior to a system — if 'system it can be called — which is productive of such per nicious results as that now resorted to iu Adelaide. .New Zealaxd .ojd the Dcfucate Cable.— The New Zealand telegrams which we publish to-day show that the Government of that colony are prepared on exceedingly fair terms to concur in the proposals made to them to become parties to the arrangements for a duplicate cable. The main terms of the agreement in which the other colonies have joined are accepted, and New Zealand does not ask for any special concessions to be made to her, though it ia provided that the repairing-ship of the Eastern Ex tension Company shall be available on reasonable notice being given for the repair of the Cook's Straits cables, the New Zealand Government bearing the expenses of the vessel during the time she is engaged in the work. Provision is also made for joint action in the matter of postal c- nimunication. Of course the steps taken by the Government have to be enuurstd by the Parliament, and we should hope the Legislature will not raise any difficulty. There appears now to be good ground for hoping that joint action may be secured between the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, Queensland, New Zealand and South Australia. It 13 satisfactory to find that the negotiations thus far have proved successful, and we trust nothing may intervene to prevent the understanding arrived at being fully ratified. A duplicate cable has become an absolute necessity, and aa all the colonies are interested in it3 construction and maintenance it is only reasonable and fair that they should work together instead of in opposition in any endeavours to en sure the carrying out wf the work. Tkk ExrBNsrrK Telegram. — Subjoined is the portion of the telegram dated- April 10,137?, sent by the Government to the Agent-Ge.ier.il iu Lotdon, of which Mr. Ward compL-iiue 1 ia the Assembly on Tuesday last : — 4i Miauteri all returned ; elections favourable.'* The correct ness of the message is certified to by Mr. W. T. Sheppard, the Under- Treasurer. The Australian Cricketers.— The Austra lian cricketers have begun a match against i ighteeu of South Wales, and as jet have far outstripped their opponents. In their first inning* the Australians made 219 runs, as against 94 made by the South Wales team. The top score on the Australian side — 15— was made by Bailey. Quahaktinb. — The immigrants by the Elizi beth were released from quarantine on Thursday. Before leaving the hulk they presented addresses t ) Dr. Stretz and the hulkkeeper, expressive of fie kindness they had received. Moreover, the head keeper's wife, Mrs. Halingren, was also the subject of their thanks, as, being herself a German, she had been found of infinite service in ministering to their comforts. Lost at Sea. — The second officer of the brig Emily, William 'Wake, was washed overboard and drowned daring a tremendous gale expe rienced off Jertis Bay on the second day after the vessel leaving Newcastle. The Emily was so knocked about that the captain was obliged to put into Sydney for repairs. CoMMHRCiix Bask.— The list of applications for shares in the Commercial Bank of South Australia closed on 'Wednesday, July 10, and up to that time the total number of share* applied for was 127,884. We understand tint the promoters meet 'to-day for the purpose of considering the allotment of the shares. Children's Hospital — The Hon. Treasurer of the Adelaide Children's Hospital has re ceived the sum of £6 through Mr. B. P. Goode, being proceeds of a fete held in connection with the Friendly Societies at Yankalilla in aid of the funds of the Institution. ThbLatbMr-W.BL Thomas.— We have re ceived from the Adelaide Photographic Com pany an excellent carte de mite of the late Mr. Thomas. iLureas of Fathxh Cokuack. — The Rev. Mr. Connack, who has been assisting the Her. Arch deacon Russell at North Adelaide, is dange rously ill. The rev. gentleman came to the colony some time ago in failing health, and & few days since he had a severe attack if haemorrhage of the lurgs, which has entirely prostrated him. _ Ikmiqhatioj! fxoic thb Otheb Colokiks.— The following return, which was laid on the table of the House of Assembly, will show that the number of p3ssecgers who arrived at Port Adelaide from the adjoining colonies of Vic toria acd New South Wales from Jane 1, 1S77, to June 30. 1S7S, fess considerably exceeded the number of departures :— Immigration — Vic- toria-Adults, 8.05?; children, S96; total, 6PS4. Emigration— Adults, 6,747; children, 5-J4 ; total, 7,251. New South Wales -Immi- gration— Adults, 60; children, 17; total. 77. Emigration— Adults, 63 : children, 11 ; total, 74 'Excess of immigration over emigration for Victoria, 1,103, and for New South Wales, 3, n.kinga total in favour of South Australia of 1,706. Viktagb Rbttbxs.— In our recent article on this subject the quantity of wine manufactured this season by Mr. H. Iinde, of Stepney, should have been stated as 40,000 gallons. Thb Ixlajtd Chlxa Mission.— It is not alto gether true that ' the evil men do lives after there.' 'The good is oft interred with their bones,' despite the poet's opinion, and Mr. Henry Varley gave a practical illustration of this in the Town Hall on Thursday evening, July 11, by making the earnest useful career of the celebrated Cornish miner Billy Bray' the subject of an excellent lecture, which could not fail to convey a valuable lesson to the immense number of people who heard it. The proceeds of the lecture are to be devoted to the service of the China Inland Mission ; and as the Town Hall, even to the gallery at the west end and those on each side of the organ, was crowded, the sum raised will no doubt be a most accept able adddition to the funds. The Rev. S. Mead presided, and after devotional exercises the lecturer introduced his subject which he treated in a thoroughly charateristic and therefore in teresting way. After referring to the birth of Billy Bray in 1794, he mentioned his early career of wickedness, delivering en passant a severe side- hit at weak humanity for seeking solace in the wice-cup, and went on to speak of the con version of this rough diamond from his evil ways iu November, 1623. Then in forcible language he showed how the former evil_doer became a powerful worker for religion, succeeding by his natural shrewdness, peculiar boisterous energy, deep enthusiasm, simple faith, ready wit, and quaint imagination in doing greater good thin more polished evangelists. The reference to Bray's bluntuesi and thorough earnestness give Mr. Varley the opportunity of dropping some what heavily but justly upon certain mechanical expounders of the Gospel who, as the Cornish miner complained, ' dealt in a deal of grammar and too little prayer.' From the realistic description of the lecturer Billy Bray must have been a 'power in the land,' a man full of deep-seated faith even to bois terousness, practical benevolence almost border ing on imprudence, and restless energy that led him to think, say, and do what, but for the unmistakable good he aimed at and achieved, would be dubbed fanaticism. This rough Cornish miner - preacher, clothing his itn passionnd addresses in the quaint yet forcible vernacular of his class, oftentimes displayed a warm elcqnence which won to the side of religion many of his fellows upon whom the cold polished oratory of the sound theological scholar would have been poured in vain ; and though some of his original remarks almost bordered on irreverence Billy Bray was ever too sincere a Christian to mean it. His feelings found vent in the readiest inoiea of expression that occurred to hia practical mind ; apd to him the Almighty was indeed a substantial Father, whose aid and advice he asked on every occasion. The career of this unwearied enthusiast was traced through all its varied ways of usefulness, marked every where by startling evidences of his f*ith up to the day of his death, in 183S, which in itself was a lasting lesson of humble piety even to the physician who attended him. If the Cornish miner could have known in after years the very lesson of his life helped the cause for winch he laboured so heartily it would have given him one more reason for the thankfulness which was his con stant theme. Mr. Varley did not confine hitn Bc-lf strictly to the subject of his lecture, but occasionally drifted into digressions, which added much to the interest of his discourse, making doubly entertaining what was in itself an interesting subject, and he closed by reciting some thrilling verses detailing the heroism of a man who held his post of duty at the sacrifice of his life for the sake of his fellows. Adelaide Makink Isscrascb Comfant. — . We have received a copy of the yearly balance sheet of this Company, and we are glad to note that the year's operations have been attended with considerable success. The marine pre miums amounted to the large sum of £33,505 IBs. 2d., and the fire premiums £5,153 lls. 3d. The interest received on, the loans out on mortgage has been £3,242 Kb. Id., and £4 13s. has been obtained in the shape of transfer fees ; thus making a total revenue foe the twelve months of £41,096 7s. 6VL Against this the losses and expenses have been as follow: — Marine losses paid and estimated on] 1876-78 account, £21,116 Is. ; fire losses, £831 6s. 8d. ; current expenses, £2,464 17s. 9d. ; branch ex penses, £3,515 5s. Id. These items make up a i-um of £27,927 10s. 6d., which deducted from the £11,099 7s. 6d. leaves the very satisfactory profit on the year's transactions of £14,0*} 17s. Added to this there is a balance of £4,014 lls. lid., which raises the amount at the disposal of the Directors to £18,033 8a. lid. This is to be apportioned aa follows: — Dividend of Is. tkL per share, £1.912 10s.; reserve fund, £7,--00; balance carried forward to meet outstanding risks, £9,170 ISs. lid. The premiums on the current risks amount to £(5,925 7s. Sd., and the balance will afford provision for the probable losses in connection with those risks. The Heserve Fund will now stand at the respectable sum of £20,000, or over 15s. per share. The loansonmortgageamountto£51,45S18s.6d. ' Teeatbb Royal. — Shakspeare's great tragedy 'Hamlet' was repeated at the Theatre Kojal on Thursday evening before a large andience. Of Mr. Creswick's impersonation of the melancholy Dane too much cannot be said in its favour, it being in every respect a masterly perturna-c.:, and the audience im peratively recalled him before the curtain at -he end of each act. Miss Ashton gave a pleasing representation of Ophelia, and although at nist rather tame she gradually warmed to her wo- k, being very effective in the mad scene. Miss Carrie George as the Queen of Denmark gave a fair portrayal of that character. Mr. Lawrence played with his usual lability as the King, and Mr! Martin's presentment of Polonious was exceedingly clever. Mr. Reynolds was far too forcible both as Laertes and the First Actor. Mr. Holloway impersonated the Ghost, his deep voice being well suited to the part, and Messrs. Owen and Forde made the parts of the two gravedJggers very creditable. The other characters were taken as follows: — Horatio, Air. Gladstone; Kostncrantz, Mr. Forbes; Guildenstern, Mr. Medus; Lteiich. Mis* Maggie Knight; Marcelius, Mr. Irvine; Francisco, Mr. F. Harrison ; aud Actress, Miss Hathaway. Qtestions in Parliament. — On TuesJa. text Mr. Ward will ask the Commissioner of Crown [Lands — withjreference to extended terms of credit given to selectors of land in terms of clause 37 of the Crown Lands Consolidation Acts whether he will undertake to waive the payment of interest in cases where, from a failure of crop, he ia convinced that the selector is unable to pay at .the date dae 'i Mr. Quia will ask tbe Treasurer — ' Is it the intention of the Govern ment to place a sum on the Estimates for tbe widow of the late John Charles Anley, who was killed at the Althorp#s whilst in tbe employ of the Government?' and the^same member will enquire of the Commissioner of Crown Lands — ' What steps do the Government propose to take to vest in the Lefevre's Peninsula District Council the land granted to that body' for recreation purposes?' On Wednesday Mr. Coglin will ask the Commissioner of Public Works — ' Is it the intention of the Government to cause a bridge to bj erected over the Maria Creek, so as to connect the townships of Rose Town and Kingston South-East ?' Thb Ahathtb Musical Ukiok.— The efforts of thb Society to foster the taste which Adelaide folk are supposed, whether rightly or wrongly, to possess for good music hive vuri g the past four years been so successful and have aroused so general an interest that the opecing of the current season will doubtless be eagtrly anticipated by many. From the prospeetm of the Union, a copy of which has been sent us by the Hon. Secretary (Mr. H.Blatchford),we notice that the proposed programmes will include many choke productions of the best authors, and the projected concerts may certainly be expected to supply genuine treats to all lovers of the dirtn art. An advertisement on the subject appears elsewhere. SrPBBXB Corar Crra. Srrrmas.— At Thurs day's sitting of this Court, before His Honor Judge Stow, the case of Sudholz v. Basedr* and Another was settle! by the defendants con senting* to a verdict for £300 in addition to £566 13s. 2d. which they had paid into Court. In Farrelly v. McHngh a verdict was directed for the plaintiff for £151 10b. Referring to the case of Harvey v. Birrell, which was decided on Wednesday, His Honor said that his remarks as to the initial letter of Harvey's Christian name bad reference to the way in which it was written in tbe summons, and not in the writ of execu tion. In the summons the letter was something like a J, but in the writ he agreed with the Jury that it was a T. The cases set down for hearing to-day are Anderson v. Bank of South Aus tralia and Aiken v. Siekmana. Rivxs News. — The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned as re ported at the Telegraph Office on Thursday, July 11 :— Murray— Echuca, 28 ft. 6 in. Euston, 11 ft. 2 in. Darling— Wentworth, 10 ft. 1 in. ; Menindie, Wilcannia, Bourke, and Walgett, summer level. Murrumbidgee — Balranald, 5 ft. 6 in. ; Waggs Wagga, 2 ft. 6' in. stationary. f Thb Outward RcausH MAn-— The R.M.S. Assam, which left Melbourne at 2 o'clock oa Tuesday, anchored off Glenelg at 2 o'clock oa Thursday. Tbe outward English miiU and passengers were embarked shortly after 6 o'clock, and at 6.30 pan. the Assam weighed anchor, and under fall steam beaded down the Gulf. Railwat SidisghkaeEcdusda.— A deputa tion, consisting of Messrs. Bisedow, M.P., Bright, M.P., and tihannon, M.P., J. T. Matthews, and F. W. Wagner, of Neales, and K. Bich, of Dntton, waited on the Commissioner of Public Works, on Thursday, Jaly 11, to ask for the construction of a siding for wheat and wood in the neighbourhood of Government Well, about 24 miles from Kapunda. Mr. Matthews presented a mcmorifl signed by 91 fanners resident in the Hundreds of Neales, English, and Dutton, which set forth that tlie construction of the platform at the point suggested would be a great convenience to them. There was a large extent of land under cultivation both north and south of the site of the proposed siding, and large quantities of wheat and wood would be brought there, as the road from Government Well to Endunda was four miles in length and all up hill. The Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G.G. Hawker) said that he was always most anxious to give every possible accommodation on lines of railway to persous interested in the growing of wheat and, as had been suggested, for the purpose of clearing the land and send ing the wood to a good market instead of destroying it. He must point oat to the depu tation that the gradient of the line at the site suggested by them was 1 in 66, and it would be utterly impossible to put a siding there. At a point three miles farther on the gradient would permit of a siding being made, and it it would be of service to the farmers at thtt point he would promise that the work should be done. The deputation promised to communicate with the Commissioner as to the suitability of the site suggested by him. Fatal Accidbkt. — Mr. J. Spicer, J.P., held an inquest on the 10th inst, at the Laura Hotel, on the body ot a man who ia unknown, and who was killed at near Stone Hut on the previous evening by a loaded wagon passing over him. The body appeared to be that of a stout healthy man about 55 years of age, thin shave u face, broad forehead, bridge of nose depressed, grey hair acd whiskers. He was dressed iu blucher boot', moleskin trousers, Crimean shirt and monkey jacket. Mr. J. J. O'Mahony was chasen Foretoan of the Jury. From the evidence it appeired that deceased had come frum Tort Augusta, intending to look for work in Liura. On Tuesday morning he purchased some tilings of a person named Wcstwood, and at a bo at 0 o'clock in the evening went to the publio houie and had a glass of beer. His miuuer was very strange at both places. He culled at Westwood'a again at; a quarter to 9 o'clock in the evening, whea he appeared excited but not intoxicated. Richard Sampson, farmer, of Stone Hut, naid he was returning from Gladstone with a team of six horses and a wagon with a load of about five ton3 of timbtr on Tuesday evening. He passed through Laura at about 9 uVlock. He was walking beside his horses, at the near si'le, and driving them. About two miles on tne Laura side of Stoue Hut saw deceased about a huuircd yards ahead uu the iiud cumiug towares him. When ho came up to the horses* heaas witness said ' Good uight.'' He passed oa the off side about three or four yards from the horses. As he did not answer witness turi'e.1 his head to look at him, and just as bu got in a line with the shaft horses he saw him either make a run to the wagon or a stumble be could not say whiih. He disappeared all at once. Then witness shw the horses ' pull up,' as if they were going over a log. He looked to see the cause of it, and saw the man lying on the ground. Stopped his horses and ran back. Took deceased by the shoulders, shouted 'oat to him, and asked him where he was hurt. He did not speak. Saw the blood begin to run, and thought he was dead. Then took one of the horses out of the wagon, and rode back to Lacra and called at Mr. Mat thieson's to let them know about it. Went down to the police-trooper at Laura and came back with him. He thought the deceased walked in a peculiar manner. He ootild not have fallen under the shaft horses' feet. He believed he fell between the front and hind wheels of the wagon. He was lying on his face straight out. Dr. Forsjth, who had been called to see deceased, said there was a severe wound on his head, and half tbe scalp was torn off. His left hand was also smashed. He had died from bleeding of the temporal artery. The Jury returned the following verdict: — 'That the deceased (name unknown) came to hia death by the off hind-wheel of a wagon passing over bis body. Whether the deceased came to his death by an accident or by his own act there is no evidence to show ; and the Jury are of opinion that there is no blame attachable to Richard Sampson, the owner and driver of the wagon.' Dhath is a Bathbooh. — An inquest was held by the City Coroner at the Rob Roy Inn. Halifax-street, on Thursday afternoon, July 11. on the body of John Willis, who had been fo'ind dead in a bathroom at his lodging, Halifax street, that morning. Mr. A. Hubble was chosen Foreman of tbe Jury. Elizabeth Willis, wife of deceased, said the hist time she saw her husband alive was in the bathroom at Mrs. Gill's he use on Wednesday morning, when nne took him his breakfast. He then asked her to look for a house, saying, 'If you don't I shall soon be dead, for I am freezing with the cold.' He had often asked her to look for a house. About nine months since he was in the Hospital suffering from a tumour. He had also been suffering from lnng disease. The witness here gave a great deal of trouble in not enswering questions relative to the nature of the house in which she lived. : and was eventually given in custody for a short time. Elizabeth Cook said ten days ago Mrs Gill, who had been keeping a brothel, took the dec ascd and his wife into her house because of i their distressed condition, and allowed the man to sleep in the bathroom. The deceased was in very bad health and used to drink heavily. He bad had every attention during his stay at Mrs. Gill'?. Was called by Mrs. Willis late on Wed nesday night, when she said her husband had fallen into the bath. Went at once, and found deceased in the bath in a sitting posture. There was no water in it. Told Mrs. Gill, who felt his pulse and found that he was dead. Info: ? mation was at once given to the police. Deceased came home drunk nearly every night. Mrs. Willis took him refreshment oa Weduesdaj morning atout 7 o'clock- El'en Gill, married woman, corroborated, and said thai Mr. Willis was supplied with food every morning by her instruction. Wil liam JTalbot Cliadening, surgeon, said he had made a posUmoriem examination of the liody of deceased, and found that there were no marks of violence on it. The brain was slightly con gested, ard the lungs wero highly congested. The heart was large and fatty. The ttomach contained fluid impregnated with bear. Th livtr was small and diseased, and th . kid .eys were large, highly congested, aud fatty. The ca Be of death was congestion of the lungs, ae e'erated by drink. The Jury, without; re ti ing, returned a verdict in accordant with the n edical evidence. Whitb's Rooms. — Notwithstanding counter attraction* Messrs. Kelly and Leou's clever company of minstrels maintain their popnlsritr There was a Urge attendance last evening, and the audience testified their approval by frequent and hearty applause. To-night will be the last of the present programme. Tables v. Beschbs.— Mr. Coglin does not seem to approve of the present very convenient arrangement in the Assembly Chamber. He has given notice that on Wednesday, July 31, he will move — 'That the tables formerly used in this House be placed in front of the benches pro ridt d for the accommodation of members.' ^TF-BBATTM. — Mr. Bean's name instead of that of Mr. Bray should have appeared on the divisioa-list on Mr. Carr's amendment on Mr. Ward's motion in reference to interest on credit selections. Mr. Bean voted with the Government. IuFORTAirr to Owners of Rachhoksss.— Mr. W. Lang, an owner of rat;ehor»es, has (states the Argut) sued the Tasmanian Steam Navigation Company for money paid to them under protest as freight for two horses, and alio for damages caused by detention of the said horses. A short time ago the pfcdntiff went to Tasmania with thehorsea Adelaide and Barmaid, and they were taken over by the defendant Company on the usual terms, that if thfy were not winners they should be brought bock to Vic toria free of freight. While is Tasmania one of the horses obtained £200 as second money ia a race, and the other took £20 aa third mon»y in another race, and when they were brought beck again the defendants demanded £3 6a. for their freight on the ground that they were winners. Mr. Quinlan, for the plaintiff, sub mitted that horses which only took second and third money were not winners. On the other hand Mr. Hood, for the defendants, submitted that the utMmaU were winners, and His Honor Judge Cope held with that view and gave ft ver dict for tbe defendants. 