— — —STTEE. Bf OUR PJP7 Hr RESForogyr. Hi rntOM ons or PmTR. fith Jul7. HI < i. almost exclusively j Tie month's re&hia; g»T o'ty i®8 "P" J ooe of festiTitieJM"«f onoe more or 'be H:, pirtntlj given itr-thousandth time in If I-knofT tiot-how-ri pursuit of pleasure, B| hi exiitenee t'preient instance by any B; uccntrolled in than that of extracting Bi ctier eonjiderj of the hosts of foreign B; from tiro poft'g walls all . the filthy lucre ih.I4J.WW «SI , J M rl mittv TlfAllATt. «www »wwjponneu UUUVI ""J r"" — B'.ibit on Jre (Jhsrabors have been taking 30orJ,gijnmnJer holiday Binoe the date of Blieirletto.( jnd fortunately tle custom Biyfejijjj , kind of vacation Parliament B«f , the custom here aa in Eag- Krlicdourpnblicmenhavebeen judiciously EL during the lait four weeks. The de- of the Berlin congress have con- - Br..., i. enjoyed the monopoly of attention B.-.n, quidnuncs-, and now, at the time Eshticg. when it is nniversally admitted Lt, pace of some sortwill.be patched npby , -Kl.H diplomat. aU interest in (the pVjjjg, eppears to have died out. The feoliog which prevailed when I Tuit month did not last long, anfi now Bnrr cheery- hearted Frenchman is fully as- W- , ,h,, everything taking plaoe across Eteudof green cloth at Berlin will be K. tbe best in this best of worlds. The M \ced reputation with whioh England. Rot to take part in this . great European If ,a wu, J grieve to say, greatly impaired I- the eyes of people here by the publi— Etinn in a London paper of that unfortunate itilo.Bnisian Agreement, as it is termed, Kfhen Frenchmen discovered that English fcjteimeo had been so selfish' as to come to F-sinr. like terms with Russia, without Kg the opinion of other oountries, and «yaiHr of Franco, on' ' their deoisions, for tbe moment was the outburst of roblemnation against Albion, onoe , more become "perfidious," One paper after an- titer attacked our polioy, with suoh viru- leoce that in two or three days their song teams a chorns of something very like gnee. The Debate styled .our conduct 1 tottery, snd the mildeBt term applied to Ignpliibmen generally was "sneak." We site (imposed to have made , tremendous hi! about nothing, and a .false A3W of reeiatanee to Russian'' am- Ijftioo, only for the purpose of throwing lint in .the eyes of Europe, and with the | fell intention of giving way to . the Musco- liitc demands the instant the oritical mo- |(at abonld arrive. M. Oambetta'e organ, ||be RepMijue Francois, which hod pre-. Iliimiy been one of the journals most lond in Ifcproral of British pnlioy during the orisis, Ifcddenly veered round, and deolared that if |fie authenticity of the famous memorandum Iter! established, " the authority and dig- lihy of England would sustain a damaging Bo." The "bargain," as it was called, ti! judged only worthy of the " notion of llbopbeepsra." One might almost have buiited from the tone generally adopted bp tbe press and in conversation that most people here were secretly anxious . for n Ifir in which France would not. bo eslled on to take any active part, Ad were disappointed at an ar- Inngement which had been agreed on be- tireen the only two powers whose willing- lieu md ability to fight were considered Ibojond diopnte. Since the proceedings of tbe congress have oozed out, and it was lloriid what good terms Lord Beaconsfield is lieccring for Turkey, aud I may- say 'for lamps, and eince it has beooma evident that I the aid memorandum was not at all of a | binding char&o; ter, opinion has veered round lines more, and England is permitted to re- Itname the lofty position in European leoausels to whioh she had lately been pro- |soted.'I should hesitate to say that Frenah- Ben desired to see the congress break tip. in | fiiecord, end war between England and I Basiia follow, but really I have my doubts l is to whether the spectacle would have been liisagreeable to them. The watchword o| Ibis cenntry for at least ten years to I come is "Peace," and there is no need to I eoifeeal tbe fact' that the people, by a tacit I general iccord _ perfectly well understood lent never publicly expressed, are reserving. I ill their energies for tbe day wbon tbey can I revenge tbejrieslves on their, implacable foe. I That awful day, which must be fatal to either, I istioii, may come in five, ten or twenty I |em, but it fa as inevitable as fate, and nnttl I it durns nc iuduoement will involve' Franca lis hostilities. ' The stronger do they feel I tbSn'ol ves growing the more determined are frenchmen to repay Germany for the humili- litics they suffered at her bauds ; aud unless Items mister genius appears at the other I Siis of tbe Rhine, some far-sighted .poli- Ificisn who will have the power aud courage to 'induce his countrymen to seal libs bond of complete reconciliation by the I mender of Alsace and Lorraine, the Ijusent generation will not d&sb; away until I ti has witnessed a terrible second edition of | the wsr of 1870-7 i. Until the opportune |&oment; arrives, however, Fiance will main- Ibis her attitude of preparation, aud to aee I ether nations cutting each other's throats | would, I tniuk, not be -a disagreeable spec- IMe toker, These were the motives that I probably induced public opinion here to look I with little or ho displeasure to the prospect l ei a war between England and Russia ; but tow all such thoughts have vanished, and I the uuiyersal opinion prevailing is that tho I peace heing concocted on admittedly hydlow I Uses at Berlin will last for a decade, if not kfflgrr. Tne Eastern question will bo laid I to sleep for perhaps fifteen J-ears, but of its' jR-awsksDiiig then, or it may be Booner, no pnaentertaius any doubt. ! The death of the ex-King of.-Hariover, sniohtook place quite suddenly here .on tho l.tH June, although hia majesty had long wen Buffering, has caused a notable gap in fsris society. The blind monarch has been irfsident in thro city from the period of bis expulsion from his kingdom, and his figure gsi one of the most noble snd most respeoted Eovmg in our midst. To the general pnblio lit 'features were very familiar, for aa an Bdent lover of rtiusio be was an assiduons tucdant at our opera houses, " and Bldoui missed a good concert. His ohse- laiee were celebrated with great pomp. ? "oposmg a procession has -not passed through our streets for many years. Magni- I w" ,tl18 funer»l bf M. Thiers from the point of view of a great spontaneous na- toual dernoDstration, that of the deceased | aiog excelled it in the grandeur of its :aur- |touudings, and tbe peouliar sadneBS of tlie Brcumetsnces under which it took place. - lato res'dence is situated in KsKuede Preabourg, a etrcet which runs to s semicircle round the Triomphal Arch the top of th0 champs Eiyaoes, and If;.. . collgioue ceremony wrs onle- 1, p n' 11 e ProteJtaat Temple - of If,, r C"u,!H tho Res W Pole- 11' k>.artW had to p»ss along the noble llvausofthe Champs Elysees, by the Place in. .i ? f' anU ths prinoipal bon'ovards. ' fbooro !eaM th,e ro',tB yere lined wittl Irnifn i e d"P'ay of military was most .mce the ,ai,oral of tho Duke e.iiemy, long years ago, which is legend- |W among apeotaoles of: the kind," I. have S.rD ocoasiou auoh an as- 'Cov,m 1 ?rmed force, so that the Psiom«»i. ea". (oterred the dispossessed ftonld h, more PoniP> perhaps, than LM hare accompanied him to his last ferns wM108 nS . dled in hie own domi- t:£. n 'till, the owner of a throne. The Mi!? . "nc8 01 Hanover, eldest son of the mo""r?h' snfI tho Prince of AValee lWl,t n -r08' mourners, both wearing ftib Fieia ! 1"r P'ince that of an Eng. feLia /"""T1- They followed the isd hehilaa1n 041 a11 way on foot, ttber Fi- hem c,me King- Alphonso's Sand0?.'. A,a!"i' the Duke of \ h a, ? amb.issadors in .Paris fi p8oePt'" of' the representative i (J heruisn Empire. The variety of ,1 Worn by tho attaches of foreign 80 brillUut »B to attract If lion to the uttermost. : Tho I IK ."" little Augsburg Churoh was Si i ? -«treme, as the widowed ArvSi daughters attended the nkyoeremouy. t ehouid not omit to feiBwl r .L r,e 01 the must notable eiroum StSl...asCe/e,?onial waB lhe presence fteUhiliKe. I Hanoverian noblemen: and Ms chnJb K!.aCtei j a8 P'll-hearers, while Sij. ®. hf.ty old soldiers of the late ' M/k rea"?K 1 "oral wreath, lined the i»lohv "it 710h f'h 00 waa home to ktohy cstafalqne, and Aors than one of as seeo to shed tears dnring the ser-' ltonn"t5re,death of o girl-Qneen of Kfe md" "ng of deep regret here. d uneiFec(«l end of Queen L, ecfcbrite (e-wedd,n8 '"""ties had only rjed br tod fiv„ month, ago. was, how. fhal mad- '"" -, T1"1 «'foa«ltanM. I,„ , ' .vvu'.r.rly striking. "There" j History atnut U whioh has sot yet been cleared up, and' whioh may perhaps newer be removed. It was stated at first that she was " killed by the doctors," who simply treated her for a miscarriage, and only found out too late that her real malady was typhoid fever. Now i whispers are spread — very low snd discrest whispers so far, bnt still audible for those whose ears are open — that foul play has been at work to deprive King Alfonso of his young consort, and with her to destroy any immediate hopeB of hia founding a new dynasty in Spain. The son of Isabella is not so firmly established on his throDe as most people imagine. The prond nation at whose head be has been placed resent tbe more than suspicion which hangs about his birth, and it would require a very trifling tempest indeed to shatter hia bark. The death of his bride may be the means of bringing Spain once more into re volutionary ' troubles. Alfonso, it is no secret, owed bis elevation to the throne in no .small degree to the marriage which has just been so abruptly ended. Whether the King loved his young cousin or not is a question I am not. called upon to answer, but I can 'state as a fact within my own know ledge .that a mistress to whom the boy had given the most fervent youthful affec tion was not oast off when the royal Wedding was' celebrated, five months ago, and atlu remains paramount in favor at Madrid. The story that the marriage was a love match forms one of those oourtly fiotions which are always raised and circulated on similar occa sions. In point of fact King Alfonso was betrothed to the. Frinoess Mercedes before he left Paris to assnme the orown of Spain. And as an incident of that betrothal whioh has never appeared in prints let me tell yonr readers that when he annonnoed to his mother that he intended to wed his cousin,. Queen Isabella boxed bis ears soundly, and told him that It would be an eternal stain npon his name were he to marry the daughter of his unole's murderer 1 (The Duke de Montpensier, father of Queen Mer- oedes,shot his cousin, Don Henri de Bourbon, in a dnel in March, 1S70.) When the seoret betrothment took place, Alfonso was only seventeen, and his ooosin a few months over fourteen. At such an age neither the in- cliuations of the bridegroom nor of the bride oonld have had muoh to do with the oon- olusion of the matrimonial compaot. Tbe proposed marriage was to ail outward seem ing a verv wise and reasonable arrangement. But it was essentially an affair of state policy. Were it not for a pledge of this kind it may be donbted whether Alfonso would have ever' mounted the throne. His olaim to snooeed to the crown ' as the i acknowledged head of- hia branch of the Bourbons was strengthened be yond all calculation by the recognition of his title by the Duke and Duchess of Montpensier. Now that Queen Mercedes is dead, however, the bond is severed which .identified, the interests of the Montpensier branoh of the family with those of Alfonso the Twelfth,. It is no aooret that previously to the celebration of the marriage Queen Isabella was intriguing against her son and ' successor, aod it would not surprise me were she again to renew her attempt to shake his position. The statements she was said to have . made regarding his legitimacy to the Count de Chambord were really put into black and white with her own hand, and are, I can state as a fact, in the posses sion of a former member of her household, at the present moment in London. Isabella has to pay a heavy ransom to this man to keep the damnatory dooument from seeing the light publicly. Buteueh a state of things cannot endure for ever, and it is only too likoly that the most prejndioial disclosures will soon be brought forward to upset the present monarchy in Spain. The prema ture death of the young Queen has conse quently a groat or political significance than might appear on the mere surface of the event, lc has added another to the innu merable elements of disturbance which threaten tbe fortunes of Spain and her youthful Sovereign. The eleotion to the vacant seats in the French Academy resulted in the sucoess of M. Kenan and M. Henri Martin, the histo rian. M. Paul de Caasagnac, the Imperialist hero, who is so notorious for the violence of his spotcen and written language, and so re. . nowned for the number of hib dnels, was married last week to a lady who is s iid to be a nieoe of the late Cardinal Antonelli. Will this sobering event have theeffeotof making him write with more gravity in bis paper I . wonder. When I come to give a recital of tlie count- Iniaa viflAfl nf nrhtnli Pnwia ha a Knan tlia soene during the month, I hardly knowat whioh end to begin. They were led off by the Annual British Charity Ball, and were closed momentarily by the great natioual fete given oh Sanday..lnst, and from whioh -our world of . all ranks and stations is still reposing itself. The first-named, event has nover been held under such favorable, auspices ss t.Uis year. . Hitherto it bad been given annually in the spacious rooms nf the Grand Hotel, but on the present occasion the committee ohangod the venue to the Hotel Continental, whioh standB on a portion of the ground formerly oocupied by the burnt-down Ministry of -Financo, at the angle of tbe Rue Castiglioue and the Rne de Rivoli. The house, whioh had only been opened the previous week, is a model ot graceful architecture, very oom- modious in arrangement; and the suite of rooms on tho ground flour, in whioh tbe en tertainment took plaoe, surpass in brilliant decoration any similar apartments in Paris, They are, in fact, almost too gorgeous. The ceilings and walls have been painted by eminent artists, and the taste and harmony of all tbe adornments are remarkable. The only fault to be found is that thoy are per haps not large enongh for such a nnmerons gathering as that under notice. Of late years the British ball has somawhat declined in popularity and success, but the recent fete will, it is to be hoped, re-estab lish it in all its old prestige. When it was announced that tbe Prince of Wales intended honoring the ooension with his pre sence, the rush for tickets became, unpre cedented, and it was little wonder therefore to find that not only the whole British oniony here,' and most of our most distinguished Britisli and colonial visitors, but also a host of aristocratio and eminent- French notabi lities had assembled to meet his Royal Highness. A more brilliant gathering has rarely, I should say, bean seen at any enter- taiment of the kind. The toillettes of the ladies were magnificent, and the' display of diamonds dazzling. The Friuce, who was received on his arrival by Lord Lyons and the members of the oommittce, wore the grand cordon of the Legion of Honor, a compliment .to their country with which all - tho French in the rooms were delighted. But tbe heir apparent has had the good fortune to mako himself an especial favorite with Parisians : he is as popular here as iu London. Tho Prince almost immediately entered the ball room where dancing bad been going on for more than an hour previously, to tbe muaio of. Desgrange's famous band. He appeared to be acquainted with every distinguished person present, and nothing could exoeed tho unaffected cordiality with whioh he greeted his numerous friends. He danced a good deal during the evening, remained for supper, and did not leave until a very late hour. He was still in bed at bis hotel the same morning when he received tho sad news of the death of his august mother's first cousin — the Kiug of Hanover. The race for the Grand Prix this year was considered qoite devoid of interest from a sporting poiut of view, being looked on aa a oertainty for Connt de Lagrange's Insulaire, which won the Frenob Derby at Chantilly, snd ran scoond to Sefton for tbe blue riband of the English tnrf. Only one competitor, moreover, orossed the Channel for tbe ocoa siou— Prince Soltykoff'e Thurio— a horse which finished far behind Insulaire at Epsom. The crowds at Longohamps were, however, the largest 1 have Been there ; and the Shah of Persia, clad in a sort of shawl-pattern dressing-gown, was tlie object ot general curiosity. He seemed to enjoy the sport, and wns far qnd away the most attentive spectator in the tribunes. To the otter dis comfiture of nine-tenths of those present, the solitary and almost despised English cham pion won the prize by a short head. But Thurio's jockey (Cannoi) found it the most be oould do to urge his horse at the finish past two of Count Lagrange's representatives, who hemmed him iu right aud left, 'abso lutely hugging him. The Count can hardly be called a fair sportsman. I know for a fact that even when without a ghost (of a obance of winning with a horse of his own, , bis directions to his jookey are to prevent the'" English horse " from winning. In the . present case he started three — InButoire, Jnval, and Clementine— and they finished be hind Thurib in the order named, .1 heard Cannon declare to Prince Soltykoff after the contest that he had been shut out three : times by the oount's boraes during the ract, and that it was with the utmost dilficulty be bad been able to get Thurio's hood is front on the post, so oloaely was be hemmed in by Insulaire and Inval. But Count de Lagrange had already' received snffioient Punishment for his crooked tactics. Insn- laire it trained at Newmarket ; be was sent over to win. tho Freooh Dorby at Chantilly, a good stake certainly,' about £1000 pro- baoly. Ths evening of the same Sunday the ham bad to be d«sp»tnh"d by ajieafj/ trains and special boat to Epsom to ran for the English Derby, for wbicb he ran oecond. Then he waa again shipped back to Paris, where he just missed the Grand Prix. The probability is that if the horse had not been knocked about nntil he was completely stale, he would have wonboththeEoglishDerbyand the Grand Prize here, but the Count, in his anxiety to grab the little sprat at Chan tilly, missed the two big salmon at Epsom and Longchamps. Four days after tbe great rase the Parisian public was treated to one of thoee grand military spectacles iu which they, take so much delight, Tlie review was held on the same ground an ine raoe, and Lougohamps is an admirable spot for army manoeuvres. The crowds present were enormous. All Paris turned out of doors, and the weather — whioh has been most uncertain this season— proved favorable for the occasion. All that I need say of the event is that the troops showed improvement when compared with last year, especially the artillery. But the army of the Repnbiiq is still a yonne one, and I am sorry to know that, among the offieera partionlariy, a grievous want of dis cipline characterises it. The cursed political spirit — the bane of their country — has so 'imbued French offioers that duty is a secon dary consideration to party interests. Still, OFranoe has already a very, promising army, and the display of 20th June was good enough to please the most exigeant. You aee what an animated month we have passed, bnt its events sll pale when brought into oomparitOn with the magnifiqpnt fete' given on Sunday last. . Ths legislature, be fore separating for the reeess, voted a sum of £20; 000 for great national fetes during the Exhibition, and the first of these was held six days ago. Tbe republio had evidently determined to ontshine all similar festivities given nnder the Empire, snd fully succeeded in doing so. I could fill- another letter with descriptions of the brilliant scenes in all quarters of the city, whioh transformed Paris into a veritable fairy land. Anything more spontaneous or more universal 'could not be conceived. The wholo population had made it a point to contribute .to the splendors of the occa sion, and " from every story of every house waved daring the day flags of every hne — the tricolor naturally pre dominating — and at night were sua- pended-Venetian lanterns or other more am bitious illuminations. .Concerts were given in the pnblio streets or gardens ; there Were innumerable processions and pleasure fairs in every quarter, and at night the aity and ita suburbs blazed with light. . Under the empire the fete atoppsd short at ths Aro de Triomphe in the Champs ElyseeB, bat this year it was extended to the Bona de Boulogne, where tbe ' spectaole reminded one of a scene from the Arabian Nights. The trees were hung ,with hundreds of thonssnds of colored lanterns, . the beautiful lake was mapped out with lights, several large barges with bands of military mnsio and groups of vocalists on board moved among a flotilla of smaller boats, all decorated with streamers aud refulgent with Chinose lamps, while for two hours one of tbe most artistio and ex travagant displays of fireworks ever seen blazed forth from every point. Suoh a Bcouc of splendor has never been seen. The bearing of the orowd was admirable. Good humor and courtesy prevailed on all sides ; and although the population of Paris, which In its normal state is calculated at 2,000,000, was estimated to have been increased to-. 3,200,000 last Sunday, not a single accident has been .reported. We are promised soother similar grand fete before the closing' of the exhibition. 