COOKTOWN. Woilnosilny. A European minor shot a Ofiiiiamiiu iloail yesterday during a mining dispute noar Stewart Town. Tho murderer has surrendered himself to tlio polioc. CnocoDiLE Cheek Beidqe. — Mr. Jnrdino, .Engiuoer of Roads, notifios that tho abovo bridge will bo opened for traffic to-morrow (Friduv.) Tiir Yoluxtef.es. — An undress parndo of K Compimy, Q.V.R.B., will lie held nt o'olook this availing, ,whou tho muster roll will bo signod aud moasmcs will bo taken for uniforms. Buildino Society.— Tho olovonth mooting of tho shareholders in No. 7 Building Sooioty, wns hold at R. L. Dibdin's offioo lust evening, Moesi'b. H. Vosperraun and G. Bletohor wore tho sitting directors. Tho subscriptions reorived amounted to £157 6s. 3d. Ono and n half ndvnnco shares wero sold at 11 poroonf. Gold Escobt.— Sub-Inspootor Gollopy, no- oumpaniod by Constables Glaokon and Morris, left by yostorduy Ihorning'a train for tho Comet, to moot Iho Gold Escort from tho Pof.k Downs, and will probably return by tbo down train this ovoning. Police Gouet. — At tho Polieo Court yostor duy morning, before tlio Polioo Magistrate, William Luttou ivas brought up on warruut, charged with having indecently assaulted ono Ellen Turner, at Scrubby Crook, ou Saturday lust. Mr. Milford appeared for tho prosecution and Mr, Melbourne for tho dofonoo. Tlio ovidonoo of Dotcotivn Long, who arrested tho prisoner, was taken, and romaud fill this morning applied for. Mr. Molbouruo. npplied that bnil ho allowed, but after Fomu argument tl o application wus refused, and tho prisonor | was remanded fill this morning ut 10 o'clook Sale of House Stock.— Wo dosiro to onll tho nttention of our roadors to Mossrs. Dibdin and Cummins' salo of horso stock whioh takes placo nt. tlio (old Burnollvillo Holul, North Rookhnnipton, nt 11 o'olook this morning. m aoistfuial FjNquiuy, —Tho onquiry into tlio cire.uinut, .moos commuted with the (loath of John Wilmott, who diol nt tlio Oomot rooently from cramp?, wi'l ho resumed at tho Court house nt 3 o'olook this afternoon. MuNioir.tl Voters' Roll.— His Worship tho Mayor notifios that au opou Court for tho pur poso of rovisiug tlio voter's list for tho Munici pality of ltookhnmplou will bo hold in tho Ootinoil Chambers nt four o'clock nost Monday afternoon. Tho Revision Court under tho now Aot is differently constituted to that under, tho old Aot. Instead of tlio 'roll boing revised by a Boneh composed by justioos of tho ponoo, ns horotofor, tho work is now to bo dono by tho Mayor and not loss than tliroo altlormon. Revision Couut.— Tlio Court for rovislng tho remaining oleotorel rolls in tho Rookhamp- ton Polioo District, sat again yesterday. Tlio following wore tho magistrates present : Moesrs Jamos Thomson (chairman), W; J. Taylor E. P. Livonnoro, J. Ferguson, G. B. Shaw, J. Hoad- riolc, and A. Foez. -Tho rolls for tho Blnokall olootor.rto nnd for thoso portions of tlio Loiohhnrdt and Port Ouctia oloctoratos situated in tho Rookliampton district, wore duly revised. Thore woro only about.twolvo applications sent in by portions, omitted from, tlio Blaokall roll by. the Collectors, and tlio "names of all tlio applicants wore insortod on tho roll, A groat many persons hnvo boon, liowovor, left out of tho list of quuliflod elector.-), and oousidornblo dissalisfaotion -exists about the maltor. Wo shall toko anothor opportunity "of referring to tho subjoot. Tlio Oonrt luljournod till this morning, WUU1I iiiu vuiiuuuia w.iuu uuiiuukuio for payment will bo ooneidorod by tho Bonoh. ' Steanoe, but Thug. — Tho boat for tho Inst threo or four days lne boon excessive nnd most opprossivo,' tho glass staudiug yostorday nt 91 in ono of tlio ooolost rooms in Rookliampton. As nn instance of tho powovs of tho rays of tlio sun, wo givotha following whioh is worthy of l-ooord. A aigar box oontahiing a tobaoco cutting mnohino witrsont togothor with n tin dish to the punt approach yesterday morning at n quarter-past nine ; tho box boing plaood in tlio tin disk. Upon tlio oartor arriving at tho nppronoli, ono of tho inon ou the punt said " Your dray is ou fire." Upon looking, it w is found that tho.oigar box was iu a blnzo, ono end being nearly ponsiitnod, tho othor end ninl one sitlo boing tiiuqli oharrod. Wo havo statod tho oxuet facts, and tho . box wns brought lo U3 yceterdny. Suoh an ooeurroneo ns this will show how easily bush firos oan bo accounted for, n bottlo, a jnm tin, or any othor kind of coucontrator of tho rays of tho sun, may ho, and probably havo boon tho oausos of tbo firing of grass nnd tho Bwoep- ing away of milos of herbage, fencing nnd forest. It therefore bohovos all travellers to bo exoeodiugly careful, and not on any ncconnt to tho throw tins or bottlos, into pnddooks, or. to loavo lliom by tho way sido whoro there is oven tho vostigo of grabs. : 0aebiee8' Association. — An assooiatiou is now iu oourso of formation onllod "Tho Groat Wostorn Cnrriora' Assooia- tlon,1' for tlio purposo of tho hotter con- duoling lho gonornl busiuossof a largo number of carriers now making tho Central Railway Torminus thoir stnrtiug point for tho wostoru oountry. Tho uront pbjoo'.s sought to bo obtainod aro to oolloet loading at tho port, nud to receivo nnd store samo nt tho torminus — thus nvoidiug railway - storago charges. To make contracts for carriages of goods, wool, &o;,, to or from llookhampton, with tho station owner or storekeeper m tho ulterior, and thus avoid intermediate charges, whioh now- full upon tlio trader, tho consumer, or lho enrrior. Tho promoters of lho association nro carriers, who disclaim all contemplation of combiuiug for tho purposo of interfering with tho rates of carriages— beyond that of boing desirous of establishing moro uniform rates nil tho year round ; whilo thoy disolaim any intention of disturbing voslod interests, oithor in tho oarry- iug or ngonoy business. It is proposed to orcct largo ruooiving stores at tho country torminus of the Central railway, on such principles that tlroy can bo removed ns tlio lino oxtouds. Wo rofor our roadors to tho advortisomont iu our columns, whioh furuishos ovory uocossary information, and whioli outers fully into tlio system propose! to bq adopted. On tho com- mitto will bo found tho unmos of many of our best known carriers, aud from what wo oan gather from tlio prospectus, nnd from thoso most dirootly interested - in tho sucooss of tho undertaking, wc outerta'n no doubt ns to its ultimate sucooss, and to tho general advantage it will ooufor upon producers, ngouts, oon- . sumcrs, and cnrriora— consequently upon tho gouornl pttblio. Petty Debts Court.— Tho usual bi-monthly sittings of tho Potty Debts Court wero liold yesterday boforo tho Polioo Magistrate. In tho following uudofonded oases vordicis woro givon for the amounts olnimod, with costs : — Mortiiv O'Neil v. Georgo Eaves, pro. note, ;G9 8s,, costs £1 10s. ; P. Egan v. M. Bryson, goods, 16s. lid., costs 10s. ; Kiugol v. Mnyno, goods, £3 15s., costs 10s. 4(1. ; Snbor Brothors v. Swift, £2 5s., costs 10a. 4d. ; samo v. Mayuo, goods, £3, costs 5s. ; samo v. Cunningham, goods, £4, costs 5.?.; samo v. Greonaloh, goods, £t os., costs 5s. ; J. Pnttison and Co, v. Pondloton, goods, £4 18s. (id,, costs 7s. 6d; H. Ansoll v. Lowis, goods £2 103. 4d,, costs 10s. 4.d- Nineteen undofoadod oases woro sottlod out of Court, two wero adjourned, iu ouo tho amount claimed was paid into Court, in nuotber a vordiet for plaintiff was consented to, and anothor was withdrawn. Dofcndod cases : A. Eisoman, summoned by P. Egnu for £1 17s. od,, valuo of goods supplied, was ordered to pny the amount olnimod togothor with lis, fid. oosts. E. Onsoy, barman, at lho Royal Hotoli summoned a dairy mnn nnmod Cndwnllndor for £30 damages nllogod to liavo boon stistninod by him through defoudaut's having nssnultodlum. Mr. Milford npponrod for the oomplainnnt, nud Mr. Jouos for tho dofondant. From tho evidonooUt would scorn that tho nssnuU, for whioh there wrb but slight provocation, was com-' milted iu the bar iti tho prescnoo of s number of persons. Tho dofondaut, in conscqucuoe o somo dispute about chnugo, rusltod in bobiud tho bnr nud struolc tho plaiuliff several blows about tho hand aud fnou nud thon seized him by tho throat, whioh ho hold for somo timo until soparntad by tho on-lookors. Tho Bonoh gavo n vordiot for lho plaintiff for £1 10s., and ordorod him to pny £3 2s. professional and other oxpensos. In tho caso of Linuott v. Crngg, wages, £0 Os., tlio plniiitiff wns non suited ; no order as to oosts. This oonoludcd tho sittings. " Respectable Liberals."— Tho following telogram appointed yoslordny in tho oolumns of our local eontrmporary " Brisbnuo, Novom bor 19.'— Mr. lion's olcclion is prejudicially, affocliug tho Ministorial cause. Ilospootablo Lihcr.-tls oponly disavow sympathy with a Ministry willing to uso suoh politioal install- meul?," That suoli tologratn omnuhtcd from Mr. Charles Hnrdio Buzncott, tho Brisbane oorroopondout of tho Jiullotin, is boy ond a doubt, nnd it is equally -beyond n doubt that tho statements mado in suoh tologrnm arc dirootly opposod to truth. "Rospootnblo Lihornls'' may rest nssurrod that tho Ministry did not lfinko uso of Mr. Ron as a political instrument, iuid that thoy Gi l not intorforo in any way with tho Rookliampton oloolion, or with Rockhnraptou olootors. Iu fact, it was n gonornl complaint, both boforo and during tho struggle, that no assistanoo whatever was rendered to tho Liberal party liy tho Oabinot, or any motubor of it, oithor by finding a candidate or by suggosi-ing any plan, of operations. Mr. Pntorson was induoad lo como forward by a requisition siguod by ono fourlh of tho olootors, nnl without any intcrforcnco on tho part of Ministois. Mr. Ron had no re quisition ; 1m brought liimsolf forward. Ho was roturnod simply booauso tho majority woro in favor of tlio present Govornmont. IVo oontrndiot lho tologrnm, uot baonuso wo aro dosirous of kooping nlive party firo, or of fomenting parly ill-fooling, but bocnuso it is tin Iruo, and booauso wo oonsidor that " rospootablo Liberals" — (whioh, wo presume, Mr. Patorson nnd Mr. Ron's supporters nro not in tho oyos of tho Bulletin oorrospondont)— should not bo misled by falBO and garbled statements mndo by n politioal partisan. ' Tub New Pummno Gear at the Reser voir.— At lho invitation of Messrs Burns and Twigg, of the Vnlottu Foundry (tlio contractors for tho maunfaoturo and prcotion .of tlio now pumping uinchinory ntjtho Crosoont Lagoon), n uurabo.i of our prinoipal townsmen nssomblod at tho pumping station nt lho wutonvorks nt half-past four o'clook yostorday afternoon for llm nntnnan nf BAPintv tlin Ri'ol- ntilitiA 1m! n t nC tho now machinery. Amongst thoso prcsont woro His Worship tho Mayor, Altlormsu Hig- son, Mclbourno, Sharpies, Fooz, Forguson, nnd Bundy, Mossrs. J. Maofat- lanb, Jas. Thomspn, W. Thomson, F, Kilnor, Siib-Oollcotor of Customs, W. Davis,' Town Clork, W. 0- Olcmonts, Town Surveyor, and othors. Tho inaohinory, whioh is of a very intrioato charnotori and to givo n toohnionl dcsoriplion of whicli is quite boyoud our powers, was sot in motion and worked for sorao twenty minutes under tbo suporinlondouoo of Mr. Burns. Tho wliolo oounorn, down to tho most minute portion of its mochanism, np--onrcd to work in lho most complete unison, and tho visitors woro un- nuiinous in congratulating Mr. Burns upon tho ovidcut success nchiovod by liimsolf and bis partner, and oxprossod groat satisfaction that thoro was an establishment in' tho town oapablo of turning out, a job of euoh dimousions and requiring so much mcolianioal skill in its pro duction. . For oiirsolvos, wo can only say that Messrs. Burns nud.' Twig (and whon wo moulion tho firm we must of oourso associate with thorn tlio omployds in tlioi'r establishment) aro entitled to tho highest praise for tho compiolo ,and ovidoutly porfeot mannor in whioli tho work has boon oarriod out. Tho oontraot prioo for taking out tho old ougino and making nnd fixing tlio now oho is £748. With tho six- iuoh raaiu which nt prosont sorves as tho outlot for tho water pumped by the now apparatus, a quantity of water amounting to about 17,000 gallons pcir hour can bo pumped iuto tho reser voir, as against 5,000 gallons supplied by the old pumping engino. Tho Corporation uro now in possession of a doublo set of onginos nud pumping maohinory, Iho onginos boing 25 nud 20 horso powor respectively. Ono only of thoso will bo usod at a timo, so that in onso of any aooident the .water .supply of tlio town will not be interrupted. Eithor of tlio engines aro onpauiu ui pumping noauc cno samo quan tity of wator through Iho six-iuoh pipos; but whon lho twclvo inoh pipo?, ordered somo timo ngo, nro laid from tho onginos to tho reservoir, it is calculated that tho larger ongino will pump about 24,000 gallons and tho smaller one 22,000 gallons per hour. After tho dompnny hnd satisffod .thomsolvos as to tho compotonoy of lho maohinory thoy mustered nt an oxtompore tablo provided by Host Cruiokshniilr, of tho Loiohhnrdt, nnd i nftor all had charged thoir glnssos with thoir j peculiar " wonknoss" — from ohampagno lo loinouado — Mr. Burus, proposed tlio hoalth of tlio Mayor and Alderman of Rookhiunpton. Tho toast wns drunk with threo chocrs. Ilis iYorshid tho Mayor briefly thanked the com pany for tlio oomplimout (paid to tlio Council, and askod thorn to again ohnrgo thoir glasses, whon ho would givo them a toast which hb was suro thoy would all drink heartily. Ho thon proposed tlio hqallli of Mossrs. Burns nnd Twigg, tho oontniotors for tho innoliinory which thoy had just soon nt work. IIo thought thoy would nil agreo with ' him that tho ougino wns n credit to tlio mon and a credit to tlio loivu, and ho considorod it now only romniuod for tho corporation to put down a twolvo-inoh main to inako our watorwoiks a sucooss. Tlio toast was drunk with enthusiasm. Mr. Burns briefly responded, staling that liimsolf nud his purtnor had nlways ondoavorod to do thoir boat to turn out good work, and more nspocinlly bo in this work for tho Corporation. Aftor somo further conviviality tho visitors returned to town. Inseot Destroyer.— If Any ono woro to mako his nppoarauoo in tlio Australian colonies nud toll us, nud provo to us, that he had discovered something which would destroy oockronohcs, flons, bugs, mo3quitos aud other insools ob noxious to man as an individual; injurious to wool, furs nud fenthers; to musoums of auimnl and vogelnblo products, and to agriculture and horticulture, that parson would undoubtedly bo hnilod as an universal benefactor nnd be mado couifortnblu for thorost of his life. Now it appears that thoro is iu oxistonoo a genus of plauts oallcil "Pyrethrum ' whioh posseim-s tlio prcoious quality, whon properly dried und pulvorisod, of killing ovory inseot whioh oomos in contact willi it. Somo years sinco powdors of ' Pyrothrum " was iuoroduood info Frnnoo for lho destruotiou of inspols in houses, Tliis powdor oamo from lho proviucos of tho Cau casus, of Pursiu and Dalmntiii, whoro it lias beou suoooFsfiiUy usod to protect tbo inhabi tants against tlio rnvngos of uumorous insoots. Tlio plunt was aftorwnrds iutroduood into Gomnny and Franco, nnd its popularity is daily iuoroasiug. Tho plants from whioh tho powdor is pvodueod oonsist of small poreiiniiil shrubs, from twclvo to flftocii iuohes iu height, bearing flowers an inch aud a half in diameter anil rosombling thoso of tho ox-oyed daisy, t'hey will flourish iu any ordinary gardon soil, and may bo propogatcd by layers as well as by socd, Tlio powdor is obtainod from tho dried flowor bonds gnthorod wliou ripo, on fiuo days. AVhon. perfcolly dried thoy nro first oommuniontcd nitii tlio hand nnd thon rodticod to powdor in a sninll mill. Tlio application is mndo oithor us a powdor or ns nil infusion. Tho powdor may bo employed dirootly to tlio inscots thomsolvos or iu tho pluoos whioh thoy froqucnt, Thoy aro attracted by its soont, booomo stupiiiud, and immodintcly die. Tho soil best ndaptod to tho oullttro of tho plant is a pure onvlli, somowhnt Nilioious nnd dry. Muisturo and tlio presanoo of dung is injurious, tlio plant being oxtromoly sonsi- livo to a ibnsH of wntol'. A southern impact is tlio most fnvoraido, Watering must bo re- nowod every (ivo or six days in ordor to fnoi- linto gciminnlion. It is not our purpose to ontor into all tho details, connected with the growth and preparation of tho dried, flowers. Wo oroly draw attention to tho fact, that a powdor is now boing largely usod iu Russia, Frano-1, Gormnny nnd othor oountrlcs for tlio destruction of insoota anil, nnd with tho most porfoot sucooss. No insools whioh nro fottud to annoy dog?, oats, fowls, pigoons, &o.; oan withstand its offoots, Woovil, blnok bootlo, maggots, ooooi, aphidos, carwigB, spiders;' nuts, cookronohos, flons, bugs, muequitos &o.; nro uot only lostroyod but their larvo also. All instcls that livo upon furs and fcalhors arc rapidly, dis posed of. Horbriums nro froed of llioir pro- souoo, nnd whilo so dostruclivo to insools it onu bo nbsorbod by tho humnn subjoot without tiro sliglrtost dangor. Wo liavo dono our pnrt in drawing attention to this invaluablo.plnnt, wo loavo lho rost to Mr. Edgar,- to whom wo shall bo happy to faruish nil tlio information wo possoss. . . . How tiie Money Goes. — MrB. Muokay, tire wifoof nn owner of silver minos in Nevada, is a great, pitrohasor in tlio jowollory oonrt. Sho has . bought from Bouaherou n .paruro ol diamonds, consisting of a diadem, brooch, and pouilauts, braoolots, ring, nud oarrings. Tho paravo is ornnmcntod profusely witli blub sappliiros, nud terminalos with", a hnudsomo ponrl; Tho oontro sapphire ia vnluod at 200,000 i r„ and tho ontiro parure nt 850,000 fr. Also a nooklnco of ,brillnnts terminating iu n. briolet drop vnluod at 125;000 fr.— Eliane db Mahrv. in l.hn Ohm -n. Green Ooiin for I'iob.— l'lioro is (says tbo National Live Stooh Journal) no nrliolo of food for swine, availablo to lho fnrinor, that, will fatten hogs so rapidly ns groon corn. . lis uso may bo commenced just as soon ns. tlio kernels nro fairly fillod with " milk," nnd tho gain that youug pigs, as well ns mature hogs, will mako upon this food is surprising. In preparing swino for exhibition nt tho autumn fairs, or Tor nn onrly murkot for pork nothing is oqnnl to it-. We aro not cortain that its use nt no onrly a stago as that mentioned abovo ootnpoi ts with tano ooonomy — tlint is, tlint an nui'o of corn food at this immature stago will mako ns mnoh pork ns tlio same corn would mako if loft to mature, but wliou rnpid fatten ing is dosirod, rognrdloss of tho present oost, groon corn is stiporior to auy other food of whioh wo hnvo any knowlodgo. Neither Fanciful nor Practical.— Mr. F. H. Slnbloy, ono of tlio candidates for tho Kenucdy holds that if tho Bquattors wnnt mnin trunk linos of railway thoy should pay for thorn by taxation in tlio shape of assess ment in shoop nud o.itlla — on ovory hoof iu tho colony ; and announacd that ho wns perfectly willing, (ho is a station owner liimsolf ns woll as a wealthy minor) to pay ono Fhilliug per bond per annum on ontllo nnd horses, nnd t,wo ponoo per bond on shoop. Two ponoo per lioud on 1,500,000 shoop would 'give £62,500, and ouo shilling por hoail on 2,780,000 oattlo, and 130,000 liorsos would produco 145,500 or a total of £208,000. Tho idea has tlio merit of boihg original, aud works (out capitally on paper, but thoro is ouo trilling objection to it ; it is so fanciful tlint is impracticable. — Gununo Times. Insuliino the Great Unpaid. —Wo {War wick Argus) uudorstaud that withiu tho Inst fow days a batch of about a dozon justioos of tho ponoo resident iu and around Warwick hnvo sont thoir rcsignntious to tho Colonial Secretary for transmission to his Exaciloncy tlio Governor. The cnuso of this mimli-to-bo- regrctlod slop is tho nciion taken by Govorn mont iu tho caso of Mary M'Genn. It will bo romomborod bv nn r vnnilova tlint: tlin mini!. ont'on of Mary M'Gomi for tlio renewal of tho licouso hold by hor for tlio Qucoti's Hotel, Fitzroy -street, oamo boforo tho bonoh on tliroo different oosasions, and was onoh timo refused. Nolwithstandiug tho repeated refusals sho still ooutinuod to Boll spirits, nnd for doing so was brought boforo tho bouch nndfinod£l5, Tho Govornmont, howovor, thought fit to remit tlio fiuo, nud this stop tlio magistrates resented ns an unjiiBtiiiablo iutcrferonoo, nud liavo acred accordingly. Wo cortniuly think that tho oourso they hnvo pursued wns tho only honor- nblo ouo opou to thorn. A Debtor's Death. — A rospootnblo store- koepor at Armidnlo arrivod iu Sydcoy, having boon brought dowu to tho dobtor's prison at Darlinghurst last Friday, ou a writ of c;i. re. to satisfy a judgment of tho Supremo Court for a debt to a largo moronnlilo firm in this city for sovornl hundreds of pounds. Mis nauio is W. B. Lncns, and lio is n young man about 30 years of ago. Ho was rocoivod into tlio debtors' prison at about six o'olook p.m., nnd took toa. Ho was looked up with two othor unfortunate (lobtors, nud botweon sovou and oight o'olook noxt morning tho prisoner was missed from the sitting room hy his companions. Ono of thoso thinking lie was too long in tho bntli, knockod at tho door, aud- received no nnswor, lie then pushed the door iu and found Mr. Lucas woltoriug in his blood with two kuives bosido liim, one liis pookot-knifo, nud tho other a dinuor- kuife, with whioli lio no doubt out his thnont, soveroly injuring tho arteries. Fortun ately Dr. O'Connor, tho visiting surgeon, wns prosont in tho gaol at tlio timo, uurl, with the disponsor, was immediately iu nl tendance. Though every effort wns made, littlo liopo is outoriai'ucd ot liis rocovory. Tiio unfortuunto ' mail lias a wife and family at Armidnlo. Mns Constable's Lkowre. — On Tuesday ovoning last, Mrs. Constable gavo hor lecture entitled " Who is our Slanderer ?" nt tho Sohooi of Arts Hall. Tho locturo purported to bo a reply to thoso givon last wook in tlio s,-,mo plaoo by Pastor Cliiuiqny, Betwoon fouv and livo hundred persons woro prosont, including a largo umubor of tho fair sox. As a looturor, Mrs. Coustablo is proforablo to nino-tonths of lho public orators of tho stonier sox. Hor cnimoialioii is remarkably olonr, and from first to last hor soutonoos are well-formed nn l do- livorod in nn easy and very graeoful stylo, whilo hor command ofvoioo is noaror porfootiou than almost any spoakor. mnlo or fomnlo, that wo liavo hoard iu tho hall. Mrs. Coustablo had no ohnirmau to preside, nnd oortninly sho noodod liono, for anyouo who would daro inter rupt or o'uuso confusion wliilo this lady is sponking must bo a liirrikiu iudood. Mossrs. Dnlvoon, J. and M.Mcaghor, and W. G. Stephens occupied seats ou the stage, and Mrs. Cou stablo was iutoduced to tho uudicuco by Mr. Stephens ; and in doing so, ho statod that tlio mission midcrtakou by tlio fair lecturer was principally to mako n pnblio protest ngniust tlio vilo slanders oast upon tho wliolo of hor fcninlo oo-roligiouists by Pastor Chiniquy. Mrs. Oon- stablo nt onco proeoodod with hor task, and wns throughout most enthusiastically chcorod by tlio largo andionoo. At tho coiiolusion of tho lecture, whioh occupied about an hour and a quarter, Mr. M. Moaghcr, in a short spocoli, proposoil a voto of thanks to Mrs. Coustablo which wns sooondod by Mr. Stephens, and onrried by ncolamation. Tho proceedings tor- mluatcd at 9.30 p.m. Wo believe that Mrs. Coustablo proceeds to Orange to deliver tho lecture thoro.- -Bathurst Independent, Ji0LTU.1t hie totrono man.— Holtlllll. saj's tho Now York Sun, strclohos along a ladilor on liis face, liis foot against ouo of tho rungs, nnd his hands clasped anothor. Round his wrists nro builds fastened in tho ladder to assist his grip. Over his shouhlors and around his waist is_u woll padilod harness, fitting closoly, with a tail, to whioh is nltnchod a liook in whioh tlio chains of tlio traces nro plncoil. Two good sized van horses nro fastened on, mid strivo litoir utmost lo move him but in vain; tlio I ' I Inoklo may givo way but ho doson'te Tho Hlrain Booms lo lio distributed over his wliolo frame, and tho tension particularly in tho mimclcs of tho nook nnd arms, is vory marked, I toUuni hns another font. It consists in hold ing wlili ou'strotohod arms two horses pulling opposite ways, lloltuin's memmromout is ns follows Ghost, 4:1. inolios ; nook 10J ; npper- nrni: 16J; furo-nrm, 13 ; thigh, 24 J; calf 15); lioighl, 5 foot 9 inches ; weight, 14st. 311) ; ngo, 321 years.. IIol turn is n Dane, and toolc foiis bitsinoHH in 1872. Tho idea of eatclYSva onimon ball, another of his ivonclcrful ffir?, which lio exhibits daily ut the Wcstminstor Aquarium, wns first suggested lo biiu in a dream. IIo draws a snlniy of about £40 por wook. Do has shown that tho body supine oan stand a diroot tousiou of fivo tons. 