ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. | {The Editor will not he responsible for any opinions or views expressed by corrcspon. <iciUi, atid will always rejeet personal com uui/vuMiitoHs unices on., subjeclu of public, importance, and guaranteed by ike sijtiatyre of the author.'] / THINGS IN GENERAL. TO TUB EDITOft OF THE WARWICK AROUS. gIB,-Jiume, tho Commissioner, has, in Bomo moment of forgetfulness, incurred tfao displeasure of Groom ; and Groom has been down on him heavy in tho 'Oubo for some thin^ connected with the administration of tho black soil. Hume had hotter he more careful-if possible-than he ban hitliorto been; for Groom, as nil tbo world knows, hoR; a forty-parson power of influence in the House wUon ho wants to elate anybody. My old friend Courtenay Spry is announced as a candidate for somewheiv at tho next general election I'm right,gla4 it's not for Warwick, bdeausono othor of tho talkedrtf candidates would have the ghost of u chance with such a favorite as an opponent. He is not what yon would a Liberator Conserv ative in politics (supposing be has any), but is rather disposed to tako a diagonal view of I land administration, beginning with Courto nay nT1<l ending with . All the Under Secretaries wiS vote for him, 'cause ho never bores them; no, he don't. Every manjack of them is worth a vote and a-half for Borne (below the Bange) electorate, and all of them arc sure for Courtenay, I don't think. I'm told, some kindly-naturcd momber Walsh or Morgan-^-it don't matter a pinch of snuff which, 'cause they fire both brimful of good nature, and mischief too t well, to return to tho subject-either ono or t'other on 'oui was lucky enough to obtain a grant of £100 towards fencing-in the tumuli of tho mighty dead of Warwick; and not before it was time, let me tell ye, for tho learned in chaology tell us that marsupials hopped about on this planet long before " Pclides' death or Homer's birth/' ISxactly, that's what I toll thorn; and what's more, by Jove! they flourish in spite of Scalping Acts of Parliament, at nine pence each, and breech-loauere into tho bar gain. I don't object to marsupials, not a hit of it; they are quaint-looking, old-fashioned people, older than Hiram tho Phconecian, but they can't speak Irish for all that, nor drink whisky: but what I do objepb to is to their going out on the rampage at' night, and de facing; aye, Sir, and dosecrating, the gravo of my grandmother in tho Warwick Cemetery by holding a corroborec, over and hither, round tho sacred spot. So lot us pale them out with a nalirig fence on which they' will get impaled if they attempt to jump ovor the paling. I don't know who the trustees are, at tiiis presont writing, but have an impres sion that tUey represent Jews, Pagans., and | Atheists, as well us othor enthusiastic reli gionists. Would it bo ipo much to ^sk them | to subsidifeo the grant by local contributions, BO as to attain the objeot that Walsh or Morgan had in view P WTio fills tho' butohers' shops with big blow-flieB P Douglas. Who refused relief to the Btrugglivg selectors t Douglas. Who ! expressed displeasure at the high Soman | style of Groow'6 world-renowned independ ence P Douglas. Who limited the area of ! homestead selections to eighty acres-pick of | land-at half-a-orown an acre, with five years j to pay up ? Why, Douglas, to be sure. Then | don't vote for Douglas or any of his slavish supporters next November. "C.B.D." is not a bit of a politician, but ho don't mind telling ' you that if by sotue strango *' irony of fafco ; he could get returned, Douglas would have | his BUpport at all risks. ( In the course of my reading, ibis morning, i some Egyptologer-I think it was' Bunsen informed me that Menes ruled oin tho banks f of the Nilo ten thousand years bbforo MOSOB was Bent to navigate among the bullruBhes, : and 'that in or about a million of years before that era, a people called Aiyans lived on the hills between the Oxus and the Indus. They ? split up in factions-great Libs, and Conserv atives-and separated j I don't know why j perhaps the country was too cold for them, ! but, as I never was there, do not assert any i thing positively on this point. Thoro. is one 1 thing, however, that I assert without fear of I contradiction, and that is, if those early Asia \ tics emigrated in search of a more healthy ? climate they ought to have oomo to Stan j thoipe. Thatimo I cefer to was,.no doubt, ! a few .months after " Creation's dawn," wfeen , Stanthorpe wasn't; but it now is.an existing reality, it not a municipality, a kind of head centre of health and tin. It has a Hospital, a committee toi manage. it, a.ahare-of the public purse to support it, a visiting surgeon i to " mend or end" patients; but die deuce 1 of It is, no one can be made sick in that salu . brious climate. Just fancy such a Paradise I Why, Eve woujd have wet a dozen of pockct handkerchiefs if driven from such a spot. Yours, <tc., C.B.D. 