? K I D N A P P E D . There lies on the Atlantic coast'of the United States a large inlet or estuary named Chesapeake. Bay. It flows from the sea inland, due-northward, filling the channels of many rivers, and dividing the twosovereigntiesof Maryland and Virginia into what, are called the Eastern, and Western Scores. The'Eastern Shore was doubtless submerged at a remote period, for it is very low and sandy at the present day, and the water-courses from the east and the west nearly meet at its centre. It is, in fact, a long, narrow peninsula, isolated from the populous country across and above the bay, and its people are therefore very quaint, primitive, and individual. Their dialect, manners, and institutions-are in like manner original, and, until recently, they may have been said to be a'people by themselves, shut out from the world as completely as many of the islanders of the far. seas. Their farms were extensivè, and almost barren. Thericher classes possessecLnpgroes, whose slovenly economy ruined what was already impoverished ; and . the poorer whites dwelt in miserable cabins—heathens in sloth and ignorance—tilling a few niggard acres of corn and-potatoes, and fiahing in the salt ' creeks ' for clams, oysters, and shell-fish. Dense forests of ' pine and cedar grejw amid the sands ; the scanty towns were rude, and never progressive ; there was no commercé ; atid'stage-cdachés, runningat long intervals, furnished the. only means of inter-communication. With these.disadvantages, the Eastern shore seemed in a fair >ay of relapsing into barbarism, and its regeneration was due to a class of evangels or enthusiasts, who penetrated into its desert places, inspired by religious zeal, teaching the doctrines of faith, industry, and charity. These were the 'Methodists ;' and whatever may be our opinion of their motives, manners, and doctrines, there can be no doubt that in America they have been the pioneers oï civilisation. Their apostles were poor, self- educated, aud adventurous. No society was so rude, no settlement so remote, as to deter their courage or baffle their perseverance. And truly their task required all patience and energy. The blight of slavery had gone before them. Crimes were common among the benighted poor—theft, unchastity, and murder. The trade in human flesh was carried on without restraint ; slavebuyers traversed the country to obtain field-hands for the cotton and rice states, and kidnapping or man-stealing was generally prevalent. A celebrated apostle of the Methodist sect was thé Rev. Titus Bates. He had been twenty-six years engaged in thé ministry, and was now a bronzed, worn, failing man, consumed by'the zeal of his order, but still anxious to continue his work and die at his post. Like all his tribe, he was an itinerant, moving from town to town,every second year—these towns being his places of abode, while his fields of labor were called 'circuits, and comprised many houses of . worship scattered through the surrounding district. He had chosen his wife with reference to his vocation, and she w,as-equąlly earnest with himself. She attended T.he sick, prayed with the dying, taught Sabbatb-schopls, and organised religious meetings among the women. They had but one son, Paul, an odd, silent little fellow, who was thought to be more bashful than bright; but his parente toed him tenderly, and argued thehighest use- fulness from his still, sober, thoughtful habits. He was of a singularly dark complèxiony with fine black .eyes,, and curling hair, and hę wàs.taow jild enough to ride to|lînd*£ro'$ritb his father upon the long, pafetoral "journeys. î ÎPàul!s sixth birthday occurred on a raw Sunday in December. ; He: had- been promised, as a spécial treat on that occasion, a visit to Hogson's Corner, an old meeting-house near the bay-side, twenty miles distant. His mother woke him at an early hour, and while he breakfasted, the gray pony Bob came to the door in the 'sulky.' r " His mother bade him'to be a good boy, and kissed" him ; he took his seat upon a stool at his father's feet, and watched the stone parsonage fade quickly out of sight. The lasthouses of the town vanished ; they passed some squalid huts of free negroes ; and when, after an-hour, they came to a grim, solitary hillj the snow began to' fall. It beat down very fast, whitening the frozen: furrows in the fields, making pyramids of the charred stumps, and bleaching the sinuous * wormfences' which bordered the road. After a •while they found'a gate built across the way, and Paul leaped out'to open it. The snow : was deep on the tither side', and the little fellow's strength was tasked to push it back, but he succeeded, and his father âpplaudëd him. - Then thêre were other gates ; for there were' few public highways here,' and the routes led through private fields. ' It ' seemed that he hp,d opened a great "many égales Tjeforé- ; théy came to the 1 'forest, and then Paul wrapped his Chilled wet feet in the thick buffalo hi'de.aiid watched the dreary i stretches' of tbe'pines moan "by, the flakes still/falling, and the wheels of the sulky dragging in the : drifts. The road, was very-lonely; his father hummed snatches of hymns 'às thëy went, and : tiie little boy shaped grotesque figuresdown the dim aisles 'of thé woods, atid wondered how it would be with travellers lost in their depths. fie .was not sorry when they reached the" meetinghouse, a black old pile of planks, prdpppd upon logs, with a long shelter-roof -for horses down the side of the pave-yàrtl. A couple of sleighs, a rough covered wagon, called a ' dearbourn,' and several saddled horses, were tied beneath the roof. Two very aged negroes were seen coming up one of the cross-roads, and the shining, surging Chesapeake, bearing a few pale sails, was visible in the other direction. Some boors were gossiping in the churchyard, slashing their boots with their riding-whips ; one lean, solemn man .came out to welcome the preacher, addressing him as ' Brother Bates's ; and another led the sulky into the wagon-shed, and treated Bob to some ears of corn, which he needed very much. Then they all repaired to the church, which looked inside like a great; barn. The beams and shingles were bare f; some swallows in the eaves flew, and twittered at will ; and a huge stove;: with branching pipes, stood in the naked : aisle. The pews were hard and /prim,' and ^Occupied by pincb-visaged péoplé : ; the pulpit was a plain .shelf, with hanging- oil-lamps on either side ; and over the door in the rear projected j, rheumatic gallery, where the black communicants were boxed up like criminals. A kind old woman gave Paul a ginger-cake, but his father motioned him to put it in his pocket ; and after he had warmed his feet he was told to sit in the pew- nearest the preacher,. on .what Was called the 'Amen side.' 'Then the services began, the preacher leading the hymns, and the cracked-voices of the old ladies''joining in at the'wrong places. But after ' a while a venerable negro in the gallery-tuned, up, and sang down the shrill '-swallows T^th natural melody. The prayers were long; and broken by ejaculations from the pews. ' The text was announced ;anjid. profound'- «lence, after . everybody. Àaà'"coughed several times, and then th"e 'itinerant launched into his sermon. 'At first, it wfis 'dry and argumentative, then burdened with divisions and quotations, but in the end he closed the great ' bpok, and madë one of those fierce, feeling. appeals—brimming with promises of ^grace and threatenings of hell—in words sohomely that all felt them true, while thé wild, interpolated cries of the believers thrilled and terrified the young. „•; ,. Little Paul heard with pale lips these grim* religious revelations,"and his child's fancy con j u red up awful pictures iof worlds beyond the grave. He wondered that the birds dared riot in the roof ; the sky in the gable window was full of cloudy marvelB ; and the snow beat under the door, like'a shroud Jblourn out of one of the churchyard tombs. The closing prayer was said at last, the unconverted, walked away, but five or six communicants remained to. tell their secret experiences in the. '.class-meeting.' Paul's/father gave him permission to go into the* yard if he Uked, and the boy got into' the Sulky, •beneath, the buffalo, and heard the sobs "Wnd Hyinns' floating dismally on the wind. Grim shapes thronged his mind again, wherein the bible stories' were mingled with tales of ghosts and strange nursery fables. They chased each Jother in and out, generating others as they went, and then came drowsiness, and Paul slept. The class-meeting lasted an hour. It was tery fervent and demonstrative, and when it was over, the kind.old lady who had givëhPaul the ginger-bread asked the preacher! home to dinner. She said that roasted turkey, wild-duck, and pumpkinpie werp waiting for theni ; and Mr Bates thought fondly what a treat ït would be for Pahl on his birthday. Be was to preach again that afternoon -seven miles away,- and so moved briskly towards the sulky. 'The poor fellow is asleep,' said the preacher, seeing that the curling head was not thrust up at his approach. ' I wender of what he dreams !' He drew near as he spoke. Old Bob was munching his corn sedately ; the sulky had a saucy air ; the robe nestled in the front, with the tiny stool peeping from a corner ; but Paul was not there. The preacher called aloud; the horses raised their ears in reply, and the wheels crackled in the frozen • crust. He called again ; some sleigh- bells jingled merrily, and then the pinesmoaned. He looked into the other vehicles ; he watched for the little foottracks in the snow; he ran back to the old church, and searched beneath every pew. ' Brethren—sisters,' he cried, ' I cannot findmy boy !' and his voice was tremulous. They gathered round hiiń ; and some said that «Paul had ridden away with the worldly lads ; others, that he was hiding mischievously. But one silent bystander lookefrj into the drifts, and traced four great ïbobtmarks close to the sulky. He followed them across the road in+o the pines, and out into thé road again, where they were lost in the multitude of impressions. 'Brother,' be faltered, ' God give you strength ! your boy has been stolen—kidnapped !' The. pld man staggered ; but the kind lad> caught him, and as he leaned upon her shoulders, his face grew hard and blanched ; then he removed his hat, and his gray hairs streamed over his gaunt features. ' Let us pray !' he said. They searched the country that afternoon ;. but the forests were vast, and they piet with no cheer. The preacher plodded to his appointment as if he had still a child, and his sermon was as full and straightforward. He announced his bereayement from the pulpit when he had done, and the whole country was alarmed and excited. He bore the tidings to his desolate home, and his stricken wife heard it with a stern resignation. Thenceforward, he preached more of the burning pit, and less of the golden city ; his eyes were full of fierce light, and his visage grew long and ghastly. He denied himself all joys and comforts ; his prayers rang in the midnight through the gloomy parsonage ; and he toiled in the ministry as if .reckless of life, and anxious to lose it in his Master's service. The end. came at last ; the world closed over the grim couplé, and they hoped through the grave's portal to find their child. When Paul awoke from his nap in the sulky, he found himself far in the forest, and moving swiftly forward. A huge negro, withbloodshoteyes, was transferring him to an evil-looking white man, and he struggled in the latter's.arms, crying for bis papa. The negro drew a long knife from hÏB breast, and flourished it before Paul's face. 'Hold um jaw,.or I kill urn dead !' he muttered. ' Got um grave dug out yer.' ' '0 yer young yerlin!' said the other man, . boxing Paul's ears; 'yer don't know yer own father, don't yer ? I'm yer parpar !' ' You are not !' cried PauL ' Where are you taking me ? Where is the church, and the Bulky, and old Bob V The negro drove his knife so close to Paul's throat, that the boy flinched and shrieked;. 'You dar to say farder to anybody,' yelled the negro, « and I cut yo' heart out! You dar to tell yer name, or yer fader's name, or wha' yo' come from, and I cut yo' eyes out ! I cut yo' heart and eyes out-r-do yo' yar ?' The lad was cowed into cold, tearless terror; he shrank from the glittering edge, and trembled at the giant's murderous expression. He thought they., had brought, him to t Ids lonely spot ito slay him, and he embraced silence as the only chance for his young "life. He wondered if this were not one of his wild imaginings, or if it had not something to do with the punishment pronounced in the morning's fierce sermon. The two men came to a ruined cabin after, a while ; it was buried in deep shade ; the logs were worm-eaten, and the clay chimney had-fallen down. They climbed by a creaking ladder into the loft, and laid Paul upon a ragged bed. A young negro .woman and her child were there; and,the boy' saw that her foot was. shackled (tp the floor, for the chain rattledas she moyed. j They gave him a piece of W 0 ^ . and stripping him of his t>4rclothes,..dressed the coarse blue drilling worn by slaves. The W H f 6 ^ -?" 6^ f r o m^e same bottle, talking xn low, tones, and after a fame both of them lay do w and slept. The woman dandled her child to and fro for it moaned painfully, and the pines without made a deep dirge.' No birds trilled or screamed in this desert place, but a roaring as of loud waters was borne now and then on the twilight : it was the bay, close below them, making thunder upon the beach. When Paul woke from his second sleep, he was on the deck of a vessel. The shore lay beneath him, and the waves heaved 14 was n i" i £ ht ; the snowflakes still filtered through the profound darkness, and the wind whistled in the rigging. A red lantern moved along the beach ; some voices were heard speaking together, and one of them said : ' Don't be afraid of the boy ; I have Bold lots paler than him. Lick him smartly, if he gammons, and he'll tell no tales.' Then they lifted the anchor aboard ; the tide floated ofF the sloop, and they were soon scudding before the Wind, under a freezing starlight. Two weary days passed over Paul, of travel by land and water. They came to the city of Richmond at last, and marched him, with five other unfortunates, to the common slavepen. It was situated in a squalid Buburb, surrounded by a high spiked wall, and entered by an office, from which a watchman could observe the interior through two grated doors. The pen consisted of a paved area, open to the sky—except on one side, .where it was protected by a shelving roof—and of a jail or den. The latter was walled up in à corner, but its-inmates could look out upon the area through a window in the door, and their savage features, revealed at the bars, so terrified Paul, that he retreated to the opposite corner, afraid to look towards them. Now and. then, they howled and blasphemed, for two were delirious from drunkenness, and one waB desperate from rage, and as they moved like tigers to and fro, : their irons clanked behind them, dragging on the stone floor. A number of women were huddled together benefith the roof, some as fair as Paul, others as black as ebony. Some held babes to their breasts, others had no regard for their offspring, but sat stolidly apart, while their children cried for nourishment. In the open place, a bevy of the coarser inmates were holding a rude dance ; a large grayhaired man patted time or ' juber'with his feet and hands, calling the figures huskily aloud; while the women with bright turbans tied round their heads, grinned and screamed with glee as they foIWwed the measure with their large heavy shoes. Their efforts were directed not so much to pace as to strength, for some kept up the dance a whole hour, divesting themselves of parcels of clothing as they proceeded, and breathing hard, as if weary to exhaustion. The men applauded vociferously, coupling the names of the performers with wild ejaculations, but subsiding when the keeper appeared at the door occasionally to command leBB noisë. Remote from the bacchanals crouched a serious group of negroes, who sang religious melodies, quite oblivious of their wild associates ; and in still another quarter, a humorous fellow was enlivening his constituents with odd sayings and stories. Paul's heart sank within him as he looked upon these scenes : a sense of his degradation rushed over his young mind, and he threw himself -upon the stones, with his head in his hands, and wept hot tears of bitterness. Henceforth he sho jld be à creature—a thing—a slave) Hé must know no ambition but indolence, no blis? but ignorance, no rest but sleep, no hope but death. Long leagues must interpose between himself and his home ; he should never kiss his mother again, or knee hjrii±u_hi& .father; in.zthe .holiness of prayer. The recollections of his childhood should be crushed out by agonising experiences of bondage; he would forget his name and the faces of his friends, and at last preserve only the horrible consciousness that he was the cha&tle; of his master ! The uproar continued far into the night, and one poor creature was delivered of a child in the hazy light of the morning. Paul was too young to think much of the matter, for his own sorrows engrossed him ; but he often recurred, in his subsequent career, to the romance of that bondwoman, and the soul which first felt the breath of life in the precincts of the slaveshambles. What a childhood must it have had to look back upon—cradled in disgrace, sung to sleep with the simple melodies of grief, bred for no high purposes, but with the one distinct and dreadful idea of gain—to be filched from that dusky bosom when its little limbs had first essayed motion, that its feeble lips might lisp the'accents yôf^servility. (To be continual.) ' Upwards of20,000telephones are already in operation in the United States, the larger number being those which . are licensed by Professor Bell. In Newport, Rhode Island, there are 56 telephones in one circuit, and a general conversation m&y; be carried on over the whole toTfn with ease. In Boston there are already 300 telephones connected with the central office, besides a vast number, .of private. Instruments'' '•' " 1 A California philosopher has extracted the following reply, from a schoolboy to the query, "Howis the earth divided?" —"By earthquakes, sir." 