fi h&.&'O Hill!! dlftg! § MaSdo P^AGLEOD OF DARE.* By WILLIAM BLACK, AuTnon oi'Thk Process of Tuvle,' &c.;' Chapter XYU.~ ' FnrR i. Bhata !' Young Ogilvie had obtained some brie! ex tension of his leave, but even that was drawing to a closo ; and Macleod saw with a secret dread that the hour of his departure was fast approach, ing. Andyothehad not victimised the young man. Af tor that first burst of confidence he had , been sparing in his references to the trouble that ' had beset him. Of what avail, besides, could' Mr. Ogilvio's counsels be ? Once or twico he had ventured .to approach the subject with soma commonplace assurances that there were always' difficulties in tho way of two people getting married, and that they had to be overcome with, patience and courage. The difficulties that Mac iuuu liuuiv ui. as uunvecu tmuauitauu [-uu-/ impossi ble goal were deeper than any mere obtaining of tho consent of frionds or the arrangement of a way of living. From the moment that the terrible truth. ' was forced on him, he had never regarded his caso but as quito hopeloss ; and yet that in no way modorated his cqnsuming desiro to seo hor^ to hear her speak— even to have corrcspondenca with her. It was something that ho could soncl her a parcel of otter skins/ But all the same Mr. Ogilvie was in soma measure a friend of hers. He knew her— he bad spoken to her— no doubt when he returned' to the south, he would see horonodayor another, and ho would surely speak of the visit he had paid to Castle Dare. Macleod' sot about making that visit as pleasant as might be ; and ,tha weather aided him. The fair heavens shone over the windy, bine seas ; and the green, island of Ulva lay basking ia the sunlight ;, and &b; the old Umpire, with her heavy bows parting the rush ing waveB, carriod them out to the wo3tt they could 3ee tho black skarts standing on tho rocks of -Gtometra, and clouds of puffins wheeling round tbo dark and lonely pillars of Stafia ; while away .in the aorth, as they got clear of Treshnish Point, the mountains of Bum and of Skyo appoarod a palo anil spectral bine, like ghostly shadows at the horizon. And there was no end to -tho sports and pastimes that occupied day after day. On theirvery first expedition up theloooly comes of Ben-an-Sloich yonng Ogilvio brodghfc down a royal hart— thougH his hand tremble^ for ten minutes after ho pulled the trigger. Thoy shot wild-duck in liake Scridain, and1 seals in Loch-na-Keal, and rock-pigeons .along the fapa of ilia ;hpn,ey rconf^ed, cliffs af; Gfribun, , , And what was thisnaw,: form of epprt,? ;, iTuojb WMP one day being pulled in the gig up a shallow Jock in the hope of finding a brood or two of iyoun? mergansers, when 'Macleod; who wfts'^SDafbd'-Op at the bow, suddenly called to the jmoa,\ to'^top. Ho' beckoned to Ogilvie,' who wont 'forward ajpifll saw, quietly moving over 'the sea weed,, a liidb ously ugly fish' with tho flat hoad and.' Bluiijtor oyes of o. snake. Maclobd.pickpd.' up tub iioat hook, atoadiod. himself in tho boat, and thon drove tho iron apika down, . ,, ^ «' I have hira/'hosaid. ;'Th(itia.thasnftkoof tho j sea— I hate him oa 'i::uattj {»:':«»? 4 pent.'' '?' ;: '.' -f ?'??'.' ?'''?'? ':'; ?;:-:: ??-i'';- So Iioiatod outof tnS water the dead dog-fislj,' whicly^'as about fopr feet long, and then shpotit back.' ?' ?' J^ '/? ' ._ ?_'. --j ,- '; ;:::' ' Here, Ogilvie,'' said he,,!' tafco '^UOjbbal* Loolt, Thoro aro plenty about hero. Mako,yovn- self St. Patrick exterminating annkos.' ?: ? CgiMe- triad' tho dog-fish spearing- with, more , tn^hmmicim; bnti6waa:thomoans-of;procni- Ing for Mat- a bitter disappointment; As they ' vrenfc;qnie% ovor tho seaweed— the keel- o£ tlio .Host Masing- through, it and. occasionally grating Cttit&©'Bandi— they/ p'orceived. that tho water was/ getting a bit deepoE, and' it was. almost impossible t« strikoitho.boat'hbok straight;. At this' mo monl Ogilvio, happening to cast a glance along . tit* tocJtfr* oloaei by thorn, started and seized Macleod's arm. What the frightened eyes of tha yotingQr.man.BODineito sea was a great white imd- grey^objecb lying on the rooka and staring at hinvwith huge black eyes. At first it almost ap* peoredUo be- a. man, with a grizzled and1 hairy ffiCfl.jtthcii.ho. tried' to- think offioniewhito beast with bigblack.eyos;: then- ho. knew. For the next second thoro was an unwioldy roll down tho xookflj an&then;: a heavy, splash in: the water; and, tba huge grey; seal had disappeared. And ihero' ha- stood; hclple30i with the boat-hook in lift handl, . . 'Ifci* my. usual luck,' said, he, ia despair, 'Ii-tha-ir had.my rifle in my- hanJ, wo should never havo got within a hundred yards of the feeaafc But I got an awful- fright. I noyer before saw a live seal jast in front of one's nose like that.'. \ 'Ton would, have missed Mm,' said Mac too*,, coolly.. 'At a dozen yards?' *'Yesi Whon-youeomeononeso near as that you are- too startled' ta take aim. You would Saw ntezed away and' missedi' '** Won't think so,' said Ogilvie, with some modcBt. persistence ' When I shot that stag I was steady enough, though I felt my heart thumping away like fun.' « There you. had plenty of lime to take your aim-— autfa root to rest your rifle on.' And tfiea lie addedi 'You would have broken Hamrah'a Heart, Ogilvio, if you had missed that stag. He was quite determined -you should have one on jpwe first day out;, and I never saw him tako euch. elaborate precautions before. I suppose it wfla- terribly- todiouB; to you ; but you may de pend^ on it it was necessary. There isn't one of theyonngor men can match Hamisbj though he 'was- bred: a- sailor.' '?Well,' Mr. Ogilvie admitted, 'I began to ? think we wore having a great deal of trouble for nothing, especially when it seemed as though the wind wore blowing half a dozen ways in the one ?Kjlbj.' ' Why* man,' Macleod said, ?♦ Hamish knows ovoryj one of those eddies juat as if they wore all down; on- a chart. And he ia very determined, fetoyyoif shall' have another stag before- you go, ©gilvio; for it ia not much amusement we Bav.e been giving you sines you came to HIT.' ''That la why, I feel so particularly jolly at the notion of having to go back,' Baid Mr. *Ogilvie, with very, muoh the air of a sohool-boy at the end o£ Ikia holiday. 'The day. after to-morrow toa' To-morrow, theD, we will try to get a stag for jpu, and' the day after you can spend what time yoircan at the poohrin Glen Maick.' These two last days were right royal days for the guest at Castle Daro. On the doer-Btalking expedition- Macleod simply refused to take his rifle with him ; and .spent all his time- in whig ^ pored conaultations.with.Hamish, and with eager watching of every bird whoso solitary flight along the mountain- side' might startle thewary hinds. After a long day of patient and steady creeping, and; walking through boga arid streams, and slow toiling up rocky slopes, the party returned home in' the evening ; and when it was found that a splendid' stag— with brown, bay,, and tray, and eroekets-complete— waa strapped on to the pony ? and when the word was passed that Sandy the red-haired and John from the yacht were to take lack the pony to a certain well-known cairn ?where another monarch of the hills lay ulain, there was agreat rejoicing through Castle Dare* and Lady, Macleod .herself must needs come out to shake hands with her guest and to congratulate aim. on. liiB good fortune. 'It is little we have been able to do to enter* tain you,' said the old silver-haired lady, ' but I am glad that you have' got a stag, or two.' ''I knew what Highland hospitality was before X came to Castle Dare,' said the boy, modestly. .'But. ion- have been kinder to me than any thing I knew before.' ' Aind' you will leave the heads with Hamisl^1' Baid site, ' and we will send them to Glasgow to feVmountedforyou, and then we will send them south to you.' 'Indeed no,' said he (though he was thinking to' himself that it was no wonder the Macieodsof Dare were poor), ' I will not put you to any such trouble. I will make my own arrangements witnHamiab.' ?' Then you will tell him not to forget Aldor- thoV* 'I think, Lady Macleod,' said the young lieutenant, ' that my mess-companions will bo. aorry to hear that I have left Dare. I should think they, ought to have drunk your health many, times ere now.' Next day, moreover, he was equally succensful Ij tfle side of the deep browa pools in Glon Muickv He waa 'a pretty fair fisherman, though fie had But small experience with such a mighty engine of a. rod as Hamish putinto his hands. .When, however, ho showed Hannah the fine as sortment of salmon-flies he had brought with &imj; the old man only shook his head. There of fcr, whenever Hamish went with him, nothing waa said about flies until they nearod the side of tho brawling stream that came pouring down be tween the grey rocks and the patches of moist Irown- moor. Hamish would sit do wn on a stone, and takfrout a tin box, and open it. Then he would1 take a quick look round— at the aspect of the clouds, the direction of the wind, and so forth i and then, with a nimbleness that any one looking at his rough hands and broad thumbs would Have considered impossible, would busk up J a weapon of capture that soon showed itself to be deadly enough. And on this last day of Ogilvie's Btay at Castle Dare he was1 unusually lucky— iftougo'; of course there were one or two heart lending mishaps. As they walked home in the evening— the lowering day had cleared away into ft warm sunset, and they could see Colonsay, aud Pladda, and Dutchman's Cap lying dark and BWte on a golden sea— Ogilvie said : JT took fioxo, Maclood, if you would like mo to take-one of- those salmon fotMisa- White, J: coultr _takeita»parfi.ot myrluggoge^ and havo it deli [vered'at once.'' ' : | ';Tflat would* to no ubo-'; sail- he, rather gloomily; 'Sho is not' in* London. She is at ; Liverpool1 or Manchester by thia time, J havo already-sent her a present.' ?Ogilvie-did not think fit to ask what y though he had guessed . ::: ««!jfr waaa parcei 0| otter skins*' Macleod said;. 'Youiseo you might present thafe to any lady it is merely a curiosity ofvthe district— it ia no ? more than if an acquaintance, were to give me a chip of quartz ha bad brought from the Eocky ' Mountains with afewgraina oi copper or- silver ;init.' 'It is a present any lady would be glad to liave,' observed Mr. Ogilvie, with* smile, 'Has 'sho got them yet?' '!I do not know;' Macleod answoreu'. 'Per- haps there is not time for aa answer. Perhaps sh& has forgotten who I am, and ia affronted1 at a stranger sendingber a present.' ' Forgotten who you are ?' Ogilvio exclaimed ; .and then, he looked round, to see that Hamish and Sandy the- redwliaired were, at a convenient distance. 'Do you know this, Macleod! A man never yet waa in love with a woman with' ' out the woman being instantly aware- of' it.' ? Macleod glanced at him quickly ; then turned away, his head again— apparently watching the -gulls wheeling high- over the sea, blaok spots against the glow of the sunset. : 'That is foolishness,'' said he. 'I; had a great care to be quito a stranger to her all the time I was in London. I myself scarcely know —how; could she know ?? Sbmotimes I thought I was rude to her, so that I Bhould. deceive myself into believing she was only a stranger.' : Then ho remembered one fact, and his down right honesty made him speak again. ' 'Oho night, it is true,' said he— 'it was. the last night of my being in London— I askedi a flower from her. Sho gave it to me. She waa .laughing at the limo. That was alii' The sunset had gone away; and tfej clear northern twilight was fading, when young Ogilvie, having bado good-bye to Lady Macleod' and her niece Janet, got into tho broad-beamed boat of tho fishermen, accompanied by his friend; There was something of a breeze, and thoy hoiatcda lug sail so that they should run' out to meet the Bteamer. Donald, tho piper- lad,, was not with. ? them ; Macleod wanted to speak to his friend Ogilvie as he was leaving. ' And yet ho did not say anything of importance. He seemed to be chiefly interested in finding out whether Ogilvie could not get a few days' leave about Christmas, that he might come up aud try the winter shooting. He was giving minute- par* ticulars about the use of arsenic-paste when tho box of skinsto be despatched by Hamish reached London. And' ho was: discussing what sort of mounting should be put on a strange old bottle that Janet Macleod hadf presented to the depart ing guest. Thero waa no word! of that which lay nearest his heart. And so the black waves rolled by them ; and tho light at the horizon to fade ;, and the stars were coming out one by one ; while the two saiiors forward (for Macleod was steering) were singing to themselves— ' Fhir a bhata (na horo cile) Fbir a bhata (na horo eilo) Fhlr a bhata (na horo ei!o) Cbead soire alarm leid se thubb. a theiil u ;' — that is to say — ?- ' O Boatman, And Boatman, And Boatman, ' A hundred farewells to- you wherover you may go !' And then tho lug-sail was hauled down; and they lay on the lapping water; and they could hear all' around them- tho soft callings of the guillemots, and razor-bills, and other divers whose home is the heaving wave. And then the : great steamer came up, and slowed ; the boat was' hauled alongside, and yonng Ogilvie sprang up tho slippery steps. ..' Good-bye, Macleod !' ' Good-bye, Ogilvio 1 Come up at Christ masl'* ' The great bulk of the Bteamer soon floated away ; and the lug-sail was run up again; and the boat made slowly back for Castle Dare. 'Fhir a bhata I' the' men sung ; but Macleod scarcely heard'- them. His last tie-- with the south had been broken. But not quite. It was about ten o'clock- that, night that word came to Castle Dare that Dugald the Post bad met with an accident that, morning while starting from Bunessan ;. and that his place had been, taken by a young lad who had but now arrived with the bag. Macleod hastily looked aver tho bundle, of nowapapera, &c.;, they brought him ; and his eager eye foil on an en velope the writing on wnich modo hia hoart jump. i '? Give the lad half -a-crown/' said ho. And then he went to his own room. He had tho letter ia his hand ; and he knew the- hand writing ; but there was no wind of the night that could bring him the mystic message she had sent with it— 11 0 liero Is, GfTcnosie, a letter for theo .'? On AriEiv XVIII.— Cohfidences. For a second or two ho held the letter in his handi regarding the outside of it ; and it was with moro deliberation than haste that he opened it. Perhaps it was with some little tremor of fear — lest the first words that should meet his oyo might be cruelly cold and distant. What right had ho to expect anything else ?' Many, a time, in think-, ing carefully over the past, ho had recalled tho words— the very tone— in which ho had addressed her, and had been dismayed1 to think of their reserve, which had on one or two occasions almost amounted to austerity. He could expect little beyond a formal acknowledgment of tho receiv ing of hia letter and tho present that had accom. panied it, ? Imagine, then, hia surprise when he took out from the envelope a number of sheets closely written over in her beautiful, smalJ, neat hand. Hastily hie eye ran over the first few lines j and then surprise gave way to a singular feeling of gratitude and joy. Was it indeed she who was writing to him thus ? When he had been think ing of her as some one far away and unapproach able— who could havo no thought of him or of the too brief time in whicn- ho sad boon near to ber— Had she indeed Icon treasuring up eomo recollection that she now seemed; disposed to 'yalUoih- ? : ' ';;'-:''; ;- ''? ' ' '? v ''' ' ' ' ' You will guess that I am woman enough,' oho- wrote-, 'fo be groaWy/ pleased1 and' flattered : by your sending mo such a beautiful present ; but you must bclievo mo when I say, that its- chief valao to me was its showirig me that I had another ?friend in the- world. who1 was not disposed' to for get me tho next day after bidding- me good-bye. Perhaps* yott wUl cay that I: am cynical: but ? actressca- are accrustomed1 to find the friendships thoy make— outside tho sphere of their own pro fession— of a singularly temporary character. Wo are praised and1 flattered' to-day- ; and forgotton to-morrow. I don't complain. It is only natural. : People go away -to their- own families and home ; occupations-; why. should they remember a person who haa amused them, for on hour ?' : Miss Gertrude White could, when she choso, write a clover and interesting letter— intoreating | from its very, simplicity and frankness; and as Macleod read on- and: on, he ceased to feel any ; wonder that this young- lady should be placing ' before: him- such ample revelations of her ex \- poriencea and opinions. -Jndeed, it was moro than suggested in, this confidential chat that Sic Keith Macleod himself had; boon tho first cause; of hor having carefully studied her own position and the ?influence likely to be.exertcd on her by ier present mode of lifo.^ . '? 'Qno meets with the harsher realities of an actress's- lifo,' Bhesaid, ''intho provinces. It is all very fine in London ; when all the friends you happen to have are in town.; and whore there is constant amusement, arid; pleasant parties, and nice people-to meet ; and then you have- the com forts of your- own homo around you, and quiet andhappy- Sundays. But a provincial tour !— the constant travelling, and rehearsals with strange people, and damp lodging?,' and; miserable hotels, and wet Sundays- in smoky-towns ! Papa is very ' good and kind, you know ; but he is interested in his books* and kegoes-aboutr all day hunting after curiosities,- and ono has not a soul to speak to. Then the audionees : I; have; witnessed one ortwo scones lately that wonld unnerve any ono; and' of course I have to stand helpless and silent on tho stage until thetumult is stilled- and the original offenders expelled. Some sailors tho other even ing amused themselves by clambering down from the top gallery to the pit, hanging on to the gas brackets- and- the pillars; and one of them managed' to reach the orchestra,, jump from the drum on to the stage, and then offered me a glass of whisky from a big black bottle ho had in his hand. When I told papa he laughed, and said I should be proud of my triumph ovor tho man's imagination. But when the people roared with laughter at my discomfiture, I felt as though I would rather be earning my bread by selling water-creases in the street or by stitching in a garrot.' Of course the cry of tho poor injured soul found a ready echo in his Heart. It was monstrous that she should be subjected to such indignities. And then that cruel old pagan of a father— was he not ashamed of himself to see the results of his own cold- blooded theories? Was this tho glory of art? Was this* the reward of the sacrifice of a life? That a sensitive girl should bo publicly insulted by a tipsy maniac, and jeered at by ^ brutal crowd'? Macleod laid down the letter for a minute or two ; and the look on his face was not lovoly to see. 'You may think it Btrange that I should write thus to you,' Bhe said, 'but if I say that it was yourself who first set mo thinking about such things? And since I have been thinking about them, I have had no tinman being near me to_ ! whom I could Bpeak. You know papa's opinions. Even if my dearest friend, Mrs. Ross, were Aero, what would she- say ?' She has known me only in London. She thinks it a fino thing to be a popular actress. She sees people ready to pet me in away— so long as society ia pleased to have a little curiosity about me. But she does not see the other side of the picture. She does not even ask how long all this will last. She never thinks of tho cares and' troubles and downright hard work. If ever you heard me sing, you will know that I have vory little of a voice, and that not worth much ; but trifling as it is, you would : scarcely believe tne care and cultivation I have to spend on it, merely for business purposes. Mrs. Boss n? doubt sees that it ia pleasant enough for a young actress, who is fortunate enough to have won some-public favor, to go sailing in a yacht on the Thamos, on a summer day, with nice companions around her; She does' not seo her on a wet day in Newcastle, practising scales for an hour at a stretch, though hor throat is half choked with the fog, in a dismal- parlor with a piano out of tuno, and with tho prospect of hav ing to go out through the wet to a rehearsal in a damp and draughty theatre, with escaped gas added to the fog. That is very nice, isn't it?' It almost seemed to him — so intense and eager was his involuntary sympathy — as though ho him self were breathing fog, and gaa, and the foul odors of on empty theatre. Ho went to the win dow and threw it open, and sat down thoro. The stars were no longer quivering white on the block Burface of tho water, for tho moon had risen now in the south, and there was a soft glow all shining over the smooth Atlantic. Sharp and white was the light on tho stone walls of Castle Dare, and on tho gravelled path, and tho rocks, and tho trees around; but far away it was a milder radiance that lay over tho sea and touched here and there the shores of Inch Kennoth and Ulva and Colonsay. It was a fair and peaoeful night, with no sound of human unrest to break tho sleep of the world. Sleop, solomn ani pro found, dwelt over thelbnoly islands— over Staffa, with her resounding cavos, and Fladda with hor desolate rocks, and Iona, with her ifairy-white Bands, and tho distant Dutchman, onl Coll, and Tiree, all haunted by the wild sea birds' cry ; and a sleep as deep dwelt over the silont hillB, far up under tho cold light of tho skies. Surely if any poor suffering heart was vexed by tho contentions of crowded cities, hero, if any whero in tho world, might rest, and peaco, and loving solace be found, He sat dreaming thoro ; ho had half forgotton the letter. Ho roused himself from hia [rovorio; and re turned to tho light. 'And yet I would not complain of mero dis comfort,' she continued, 'ii that were all. People who havo to work for their living must not be too particular. What pains mo moat of all ia the effect that this- sort of work is having on myself. You- wouW- not believo— and' 1 am ' almost ashamed' to confessr-how 1dm worried1 bj ; small1 and mean: jealousies and anxieties, and how I am tortured by the : expression of- opinions which all' tho samel hold in contempt. Treason 1 'with myself, to no purpose. It ought to bo- no ; concern of mine if Borne girl in a burlesque maKes the house roar- by. the- manner in which sho '? walks- up and' dowj» tho stage, smoking a cigar j a»d-yet I feet angry- at tho audienco for ap plauding suoh stuff, and I winco whon I seo he? praised in the papers. Oh I1 these papers. I havo been making minutolinquirica of late; and I find that tho usual way in these, towns is. to lot tho young literary aspirant who has jusb joined the office, or the clover compositor who hat been promoted to tho sub- editor's- room, try his hand first of all at roviowing books; and then turn him on to dramatic and' musical criticism 1 Oc! caaioually a reporter, who has been round tho polico court* to get notes of tho night charges, will drop into tho- theatro on hia way to tho office. and '-do a par.,'os-thoy call it. Wiltyou beliove it possible that the things written of me by these persons— with their pretentious airs' of criticism, and their groaa ignorance cropping up at evory, point— have tho powor to vox- and annoy mo most -terribly? I laugh at tho time; but the phrase rankles in my memory all the same. One learned younc man said of me tho othorday, ' It i» really distressing to mark the- wont of ? unity in- her artistic characterisations when one regards- tho natural advantages that nature has heaped upon hor with nosparing;hand.' The natural advan tages that nature has heaped upon mo? 'And porhaps, also,' he went: on to say, - 'Miss Whito would do well to pay some littlo more attention boforo venturing on pronouncing the classic names of Greeco. Iphigenia herself would not havo answered to her name- if .she had hoard it pro? nounced' with the- accent on the fourtn sjll* able.'' ; Maclood-brought his fist down on the table with a bang, v 'If I bad that fellow,' said he aloud, ' if I had that fellow— I should' liko to spin- for a shark off Dubh Artach lighthouse'— and here a moat unholy vision1 roae boforehira of a now sort of '? sport— a sailing launeh going about six knots an hour— a- goodly' rope at the stern with a huge hook through- the gill: of the luckless critic— a swivel to make him spin— and then a few smart trips up.and down by the aide of the lonely Dubb Artach rocks* where Mr. Swing and his com 1 panions occasionally find a few-sharks coming up to the surface to stare at them. ' Is it not too ridiculous that such things should vex me — that I should be bo absolutely at the mercy of the opinion of people whose judgment I know to be absolutely valueless ? I find the same thing all around me. I find a middle-aged man, who knows hia work thoroughly.aud has Boen all tho be3t actors of the past quarter of a, century, will go about quite proudly with a scrap of approval from some newspaper, writton by, a youDg man who baa never travelled beyond, tho suburbs of his naUvo town and has seen no acting beyond that of the local company. But thero is another sort of critic — tho veteran — tho man who lias worked hard on tho paper and worn himself out — and who is turned off from politics and pen* sioncd by being allowed to display his imbecility in less important matters. Oh, dear, what lessons ho reads you 1 The solemnity of thorn ! Don't you know that at the end of the second act the business of Mrs. So and So (some actress who died when George IV; was king) was this, that, or thaothor ?— and how daro you, you impertinent minx, fly in tho faca of well-known stage traditions 7 I have boen introduced' lately, to s. specimen of both classes. I think tho young man — ho had beautiful long fair hair and a Byronio collar, and was -a little nervous— foil in lovo with mo, for ho wrote a furious panegyric of me, and sent it next morniog with a bouquet, and begged for my photograph. Tho elderly gentleman, on the other hand, gave me a great deal of good advice, but I subdued' evon him, for before he went away he spoke in a broken voice, and thoro were tear3 in his eyes — which papa said woro owing to a variety of causes. It is ludicrous enough, no doubt; but it is also a little bit humiliating. I try to laugh tho thing away, whether the opinion expressed about mo is solemnly stupid or meroly impertinent, but tho vexation of it remains, and tho chief voxation to me is that I should havo so little command of myself, so littlo respect for myself, as to suffer myself to be vexed; But how can ono help it ? Public opinion is the very breath and life of a theatre and of every one connected ;with it ; and you come to attach importance to the most foolish expression of opinion in the most obscuro print. 'And go, my- dear friend, I havo had my grumble out— and made my confession too, for I should not like to lot every ono know how foolish I am about those potty vexations— and ?you will seo that I havo not forgotten what you said to me, and that further reflection and oxperience havo only confirmed it. But I must warn you. Now that I have victimised you to this fearful extent, and liberated my mind, I feel much moro comfortable. As I write thero is a blue color coming into the windows that tolls me the new day is coming. Would it surpriao you if the now day brought a complete new set of feolinga ? I have begun to doubt whether I havo got any opinions— whether, having to bo so many different poople in the course of a week, I havo any dear notion as- to what I myself am. Ono thing is certain, that I have been groatly vexed and worried of late by a succession of tho merest trifles; and when I got your kind Iotter and present this evening, I suddonly thought— Now for a complete confession, and protest. I know you will forgive mo for having victimised you ; and that, ob soon as you havo thrown this ram bling opiatlo into tho fire you will try to forgot all tho nonaonEO it contains, and will boliove that I hopo always to remain ♦?Your friend, ' Gertrude White.' His quick and warm sympathy refused to believe tho half of this Icttor. It was only because sho knew what was owing to the honor and self-respect of a true woman that ahe spoke in this tone of bitter and scornful appreciation of herself. It was cloar that she was longing for tho dignity and independence of a more natural way of lifo. And thia revelation— that sho waa not after aU banistcd for orex into tbat cold region of art in whicfrher father wouiafai&leer-; her-— somewhat bewildered' him- at 'flrafc Una victim might bo- reclaimed from- tho- tiba aid restored to thosphore of simple human affections.' natural duties, and joy ? And'ifliO ? -? Suddenly, and witit a shock oi delight tliat mado his heart throb-, ho triod to picture- this beautiful fair creature sitting over there inthat very- chair, by the aido of the fire, her head bent down over her Be wing, tho warm light of tho lamp touching tho tender ourve of her cheek. A'ncl when she lifted her bead to speak- to him— and when her large and lambent eyes root hia— surely Fionaghal1 the fair poetess from strange lands novor. spoko in aoftor tones than- this other beautiful strangor, who was now his- wife and- hia heart'a companion. And now he would bid her lay aside her work ; and he would get a whito shawl f or- hor ; and liko a ghost she would steal out with him. into tho moonlight air. And is there onough wind on this summer night to- take thorn out from tho sombreshoro to the open' plain of thoBoa? Look now, as tho land- recodesj at thohigh walls of Castle Dare, ovos tho blaek oliffs, and against tho stars. ' Far away they aee tho graveyard of Ineh Eonnotb, tho Btonoo pala in tho moonlight. And what Bong- will she aing now, that Ulva and Cblonsay may awako and fancy that somo raormoiden is siDging to bewail hor lost lover ? Tho night ia sad— and the Bong is- Bad— and then, somehow, ho- finds himself alono in this wasto of water — and1 all' the shores of tho islands are silent and devoid' of life —and thore ia only the eoho of tho sad1 singing iq his ears— — Ho jumps to his feet ; for there is' a knocking at tho door. Tho gontla cousin Jauot enters ; and hastily ho thrusts that letter into his pocket* whilo his face blushes hotly. ''Whore havo you been, Eoith ?'? sho nays,' in her quiet, kindly way. 'Auntio: would like to Bay good-night to you now.' ? ':I will come directly,' Baid_ho. ? ' 'And now that Norman Ogilvio is away,' * Eoith,' Baidsho, ' you will tako moro rest about' tho shooting, for you have not beon lookfoj^liio yourself at all lately; arid you know,, JK^itb, when' you ore not wolland happy, it ia no ono. at all about Daro- that is happy, oithcr. And that ia, why you will tako care of yourself.' ; He glanced at her rathor unoaaily ; but he Bajd in a light audcaroloas way— 'Oh, I havo been well enough, Janet, escopfc that I was not Bleeping well ono or, tw.o nigU^,1 And if you look after me liko that,you will make mo think I am a baby, and you will send me BQmQ warm flannels whoa I go up oa the hills.' ? 'Itiatoo proud of your hardihood you, are,1 Keith,' said his cousin, with a amilo. '.Safe thoro never was a nun of your family, who woold. take any advice.' 'I would tako any advice from you, Janet,'' said ho; and thero with ho followed her to -bid good-night to tho silver-haired mother. 