The correspondence connected with tho nogociatious b'otwoon the Main Line Railway deputation and the Government, which occupios the; greater portion of our space to-day, . is, perhaps, the most iu- loroiting of the hundreds of columns upon tho subject of tho difficulty which from time to time havo appeared in this journal. Thoso who read tho latest edition of tho papers must bo convinced of two things — viz.; tho skill shown by Colonol Groy in handling tho case, and tho utter want of consistency, shown to have been wanting, both on tho part of tho present Premier and his predecessor. 'Air. Giblia assured tho House on Tuesday night that he had conducted his part of tlic nogociatious witti a duo sense of tho responsibility his position imposod, and if wo had only his first letter to Colonol Grey, which covomd tho copy of tho counsel's opi nion on the question, before us, wu should give him credit for having acted conscientiously ; but, uufortunatoly for tho lion, gentleman, tho tenor of his sub sequent lotters display such a teudoncy to vacillation and ready nso of special plead ing and rash assertion, that wo arc forcod to consider his action to be that of a man who knows his case cannot rest upon its inorits. Howover oasily Air. Giblin has obtained tho means to blind tho oyes of thoso who allow their admiration of his talents to hido his want of straightfor wardness as a Minister, ho has found his match in Colonel Groy, and tho corros- pondeuco shows how that, oven whan tho wily Alinistor flow off at a tangent, the delogato of tho company brought him back to thu griudstouo in a nunnor which must have been very galling to a mind tutored to almost unchecked supremacy of thought, and a nature prono to self-will. Besides, finding that tho reproscntativo of tho directors of the compauy was proof against all his arts and wiles, Air. Giblin has had tho humiliation of finding tho political action and integrity of word and purpose of himself and colleagues criticised with so much reason as to render satisfactory answer inipouiiblo. Tho question that tho company lmd a claim to relinquish in the costs of tho discontinued Supremo Court action was the first on which Colonol Grey fouud it necessary to show the Premier that he was stating that which was not founded upon truth. Air. Giblin wrote — "I havo proved to you by contemporaneous documentary ovidonco that the basis of the claim is unfounded." The Golouol pointed out that Air. Grant only withdrew tho action for the purpose of referring tho caso to arbi tration, and that ' further correspon dence showed that the principlo of arbitration after all was not agreed to by the Government, seeing that the Promior had shown at tho same time an iguorauce, which was apparently designed, in stating that tho expenses of the deputation could not be seriously contended to bo a legal claim. Tho Coloiiel appeavs to have been determined that the point of the action should not admit of any further distortion, for thereupon he clinched tho slippery Promior by referring to tho fact that six teen days after Mr. Grant instructed tho company's solicitors to withdraw tho action, lie (Mr. Giblin), as leader of than Opposition, was reported to have insisted upon an absolute withdrawal beforo a motion consequent upon tho company's prayer for financial aid was considered. Tho disclosures of the pledge given by Air. P, O. Fysh is one of the most Btartliug proofs of the mannor in which the party with which that gentleman has been associated conspiros by any moans to impede a sottlomcnt of the difficulty. Of course, said Mr. Giblin, tho deputation must have boon entirely misled about tho " undertaking" given by Air. 'Fysh, when Promior, that tho intorcsb would bo paid instantly, if it was found that tho opinions of Sir John Holkor and Alessrs. Benjamin and Dodd were averse to tho Govornmont. Besides, Mr. Fysh had no authority to givo the undertaking, and no member of tho pre sent Ministry had ever hoard of it. Colonel Grey's reply to this has more significance than applies to tho Alain Line Railway deputation—" I cannot beliovo that you aro serious in contending that tho country is not bound by the solemn obligations of its Prime Minister," were tiio scathing words of tho justly sarcastic writer. That Air. Fysh gave the under taking in tho presenco of tho company's engineer and solicitor, tho Colonel boldly asserts, and adds that in London, when Air. Fysh called plo deprecate opposition to the quotation- of tho £300,000 loan, he (Colonel Grpy) used words to tho oflect, " 'Show; us the opinion of tho Attorney-General and Air. Ben jamin. If adverse to you, you have promised to pay ; if adverse to us, we should not be so foolish as to oppose." In refusing to do so, Air. Fyh made no allusion to his contingent promise to pay. The correspondence for soveral letters following this has an animated tons ; the representative, Colonel Grey, speak ing of the Premier's conduct as disin genuous, and tho latter referring to the former's sureastic comments. The Colonel is firm to his resolution that thero should bo no : general arbitration, inasmuch as the Government have no single opinion outsido their own that tho interest should not bo paid from November 1, 1870, In hiB last published' letter he expresses gratification that the Government have at length acknowledged the debt to;, the company for guaranteed interest in .full Binco March 1, with ; interest thoreon ; and, in conclusion, hopes that tho com pany's ; proposition, now that the main question is -out of the way, to refer all other points still in dispute to arbi tration, will bo complied with. Such a course must commend itself to the judgment of every reasonable mind, and wo trust: Parliament will hold Alinisters fully responsible if the whole matter , is left still in abeyance through their failure to deal with the deputation in a business like manner. > House of Assembly. — A good deal of routine business wns done in the Assembly yesterday. The Premier gave notico that in Committee of Supply he would inovo that £5000 bo appropriated as a bonus to Air. James Smith, of thu River Forth, for tho aorvice he rendered thu colony by tho dis covery of tin. By u division, the Couucil's amendments in tho Bankers' Law Amend ment Bill were disagreed with. The altera tions made in the .Salmon and Trout Bills wore acceded to. The Civil Service Bill was committed, and the majority of the clauses were passed, when progress was reported, and leave obtained to sit again next day. Tho Real Property Act Amend ment Bill wns committed, and to allow a necessary alteration to be made tho further consideration was postponed till next day. The Volunteer Force Bill and . Military Discipline Bill wore both read a second time, and after being partially dealt with in cominitteo wcro postponed till next day. On the motion of the Premier, tho Com mittee of Supply for the consideration of the Main Lino vote was fixed for this afternoon. The Houso adjourned . shortly before 10 o'clock. Lboislativk Council. — In tho Legislative Council, the Salmon Bill, tho Trout Bill, ami the Hobart Town General Hospital Bill, passed a third rending. Messrs. Field and bodcry presented several petitions from Presbyterians in various districts of tho colony, praying that tho Houso will pass tho Presbyterian Church Bill. The petitions presented by Alessrs. Inncs and Maclauachan on the day before, on tho saino subject, wcro ordered to bo printed. Tho Colonial Secre tary laid upon the tabic of the House Alain Line Railway deputation papers and corre spondence. Tho correspondence is up to 3rd instant. Tho Colonial Secretary, in reply to Air. Gruhli, said that the Attornoy-Gonoral had satisfied tiic Government of the cre dentials possessed by Colonol Grey previous to tho Government entering into nogocia- timis for tho purposo of settling the dispute botween tho Alain Lino Railway Company ami the colony. The House adjourned till 4 o'clock this ovening. Macjazinem. — We havo received " Tho Templars' Light and Truth " for September. This little monthly is a vigorous advocate of tho cause of temperance, and consistency in tho administration of the order of Govern ment. "Tho Catholic Standard " for tho month is also to hand. The leaderis devoted to a notice of the career of tho Into Cardinal Franchi. Foreign ami colonial church mat ters are well posted up. Bothwbll. — Mr. Tool, of the Blue Hills, whilst proceeding home from the township on Snmtay afternoon met with a most serious accident. He was accompanied by two friends, and was going along at a smart canter when his horse suddenly allied off tho road, at tho same time making a stumble, which caused tho saddlo to turn round, and before tho animal could be stopped Air. Tool was carried against a tree and dragged dean out of the stirrups. Assistance was at ouce sent for, and he was taken to Both well, where he now lies in a very precarious con dition, under the care of Dr. Naylor. New Books. — Tho following additions to tho Public Library were laid on the table yesterday : — Caaseil's Franco- German War 2 vols, Stanley's Through the Dark > Continent 2 vols, Stone- henge's British Rural Sports, Black- stone's Commentaries 4 vols, Armenia and tho Campaigns of 1S77, Annual Register 1S77. Foreign Classics for English readers : —Voltaire, Petrarch, Danto, Goethe,' Pascal. Dictionary of English Literature, by W. D. Adams. The following books are to be laid on the table to-day : — Urc's Dictionary, of Arts, Sciences, etc. Volunteer Paiiadk. — There was a parade of tho Northern Detachment of the Tasraa- nian Volunteer Rillo Regiment at the drill room, Volunteer Buildings, last ovening, when there was a largo muster of botli com panies.' Nearly every man who hns as yet received uniform attended, Licut.-Col. Homo and Captain Boddam, Brigade Adju tant, wcro present. The men presented a very soldierly appearance, and, with tho exception of a few alterations, the uniforms passed the inspecting officer. The detach ment- is expected to march out in uniform on Thursday next, with tiio band, when it is hoped that every volunteer will put in an appearance.— Chronicle." Teleouai'Iiic. — It was announced yester day that the North-West Const line was interrupted on the other side of Emu Bay. 'Theatre Royal.— There wns a very good house at the Theatre Royal last evening, when the "Flying Scud" was reproduced. The drama wan gone through faultlessly, and tho audience were loud in their demonstra tions of approbation. The characters most doserving of montion were Nat Gosling (Mr, "Whcatloigh), Mo Davis (Air. Newton), and Bob (Air. Brown), oaoli gontlcman being very successful. The realistic wind up to the entertainment was well managed, and the Flying Scud walked on to the stage amid tho applause of the whole house. The drama will bo rcjjeated again this evening. D'Arcy Read's Ghost. — There was a fair attendance at the Town Hall last evening, 'when the Ghost entertainment was repeated. There will be another performance this even ing, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor. Supreme Court.— The hearing of the ac tion Wiggins v. Degraves was resumed yester day at the Supreme Court, The plaintiff's cross examination was completed, and several witnesses examined on his behalf. Mr. Alillor having ndrcsscd tiie jury for the defence, Air, W. H. Lord, tho architect' of tho building, was called at 4 o'clock ; hit evidence was just finished. The case will he resumed, and probably ended to-day. Owing to pressure on our space wo are obliged to withhold the report. The Orchestral Union. — This evening the now iqusical association for the city is to be inaugurated, the meeting for that purpose taking place at the Freemasons' Hall, Arurray-street, at 8 o'clook. Dr, Smart is to preside, and intending sub scribers are invited to be present. New Town Association. — The usual en tertainment, consisting of music and read ings, will be given by tho New Town Association, at the Good Templars' Hall, to-morrow evening, to commence at half- past seven. Kanoaroo Point Conckut.— On Tuesday evening, notwithstanding the extreme in clement weather, there was a very largo attendance at tho concert held in tho Bellerive Hall. Tho programme, which was evidently prepared with great care, was gone: through in a most successful manner, almost every item in it being encored, and cheer fully responded to. .. The vocal and instru- 'mental portion was followed by the well- known laughable farce, " Box niul' Cox," and as the characters were well sustained, each one knowing his part perfoctly, the audience was sent home in right good humor. Although there were aoout fifty visitors from town present, a much larger number was expected over, and to givo those who wero disappointed, on account of the weather, an opportunity to carry out their former' intcntton, tho concert and performance, by special request, will be repeated next Tues day evening, with somo alterations in the musical portion. A meeting of shareholders in tho Hobart Town Bathing Association will be held in the Masonic Hall this evening, at half-past 7. The annual costume match between members of the City Football Club is advertised to be played on Saturday, the 14th inst. Intending players arq requested to forward their names and characters they will represent to Mr. A D. Watchorn, the hon. sic, A dramatic reading. "Not a Bad Judge," will bo given in St.- John's. Schoolroom, Goul- bnrn-strcct, this evening, at half-past 7. 