? RACHEL TEMPLE. (Written for the Examiner, by the author ofDurrage House, Wreck of a Life, &c.;) CHAPTER XVIII.—NEW FACES AND OLD AT BROADMARSH. • - I am afraid to state the length of the funeral cortege, but it was something prodigious. There were representatives of so many county families, so many sons in law, brothers, sistera, and friends. Had John Blount died in a coal-shed it is probable that these mourners woidd have ignored the fact of their relationship to him, just as society did with regard to that noble Frenchman who shuffled off this mortal coil in London the other day. But then the Frenchman's good birth and lineage were not backed up by half a province, chateaux, or a few score thousands in the funds ; while John Blount left behindhimaconsiderabJeBuminthethree and a half s, thé estate of Broadmarsh in Essex, and certain lands and tenements that were daily growing more valuable in the vicinity of the metropolis. It was quite in accordance with human nature in general that the chief interest in the proceedings was evinced at the moment when Mr Flaw, the late squire's legal adviser, with befitting solemnity opened and read the will. The brothers-in-law assumed "anonchalant air —the daughters and sonsin-law looked as if the particulars of thé will were all known to them, and they were quite satis&di; therewith ; Jessie's face was overcast, more in alarm for her brother than from any misgivings as to" her having received ample justice at her father's hands. The existence of ' the several relatives by marriage was ignored, ńo provision of the carefully drawn-up documentaffectedthemintheleast. Thepersonal property.; was divided between the daughters -in. equal proportions, and then Jessie strained her ears soasnottolose one word of the aéxt ; provision. Broadmarsh and all that appertained thereto was the property of 1 her cousin, Edward Blount, the late- squire's nephew. So that all she had dreaded on Walter's account was more han realized": her brother was left pennfiless. The only, one of all her numerous relatives. that was not present was now master of Broadmarsh. It seemed incredible at first, because this Edward Blount was the son of the late squire's youngest brother—a brother whom Jessie had never seen, and who had been in his younger days a wild reckless fellow, very nearly bringing disgrace on the. family name, and using his unquestionable talents for very questionable purposes. He had gone abroad—had been heard of in one of the Indian campaigns—had been, * ' set in the Gazette" as dead— and had left his young widow, and only son to the tender mercies of the world. John Blount was a generous man jso far as the word may be construed to mean liberal in expenditure - : he would not suffer his brother's child to feel the cruel pinching of poverty ; but unfortunately his brother had married beneath him, so that with, a provision of one hundred per annum the widow had to bB, and indeed was, content. '• Her son, Edward, was one of those rare beings—a good boy. I am aware that good boys abound in religious novels—that biographers assert in many cases that the ob - jects of their adulation were exceptionally good as boys ; but "sage experience bids me this declare" that a genuinely good boy is one of the rarest animals upon earth. In the annual report of the Public School,- to which the widon^had contrived to'sendhim* 1 jjfoa jhim fthwaeterised «8 diligent in his studies Ana " exemplary" inhis conduct, while the adjectives f «good" and ' ' indifferent " are $11 thit are appended to the conduct of the remaining thirty-nine boys who, with Edward, formed the third division of the junior class. Now the widow Blount had a brother, an only brother, who owed his success as a professional man to the generosity and selfdenial of his sister, who had placed a small sum: that had been bequeathed to her, at his disposal. ' In grateful remembrance of this timely aid Mrs Blount's brother had associated Edward with him, and the earnest industrious nature of the nephew was so agreeable to the plodding solicitor that Edward soon became a great favorite and stood the lawyer in place of the son which heaven had denied him. Living in a provincial town and occupied by the duties of the office, spending Kis leisure in the pursuit of those studies in which he delighted, Edward Blount, neither knew nor cared to know what were John Blount's intentions with regard to him ; scarcely realizing the fact of his relationship, and never for one moment counting upon an accession of fortune through his demise. Thus the fact of John Blount's death, which had brought so many old and new faces to Broaomarah Hall, was not even known to Edward when Mr Flaw read to the angry, the disappointed, and the incredulous auditors the astounding fact that thé lâte squire had disinherited his son. and bestowed'his property upon his nephew! There was not a doubt in Jessie's mind, ńor in the minds of many present, that had the late owner of Broadmarsh lived a few years longer he would hâve revoked the.cruel edict of •disinheritance, but as it was the will could no more be altered than could the laws of the Medes and Persians. • So the company separated, one of Jessie's married sisters regaining to keep house with her imtil the heir should be communicated with and Broadmarsh turned over to him. Edward was sitting.at a table on which were piled documents and .papers innumerable, though to tell the truth the task before him was not at the moment occupying his thoughts. He was indulging in a daydream about a certain literary venture of his which he had made with sundry misgivings, but which had . been more favorablyreceived than he had anticipated. In the columns of the-provincial newspaper generous tribute was paid to the latent, talent exhibited and which only required the fostering hand of public appreciation to develop into a great literary reputation. Such praise as this very naturally, elated Edward and rendered the drier studies of the law for the moment distasteful to him. But there was a foundation of strong common sense to support his imagination and his ambition, and the substantial present benefits that accrued to him from the zealous prosecution of his business were not'to be'thrown aside the possibilities of prizes in a literały for career. With a smile at Ms dream he roused himself and commenced to open the letters that were laid before'him. Mr Ijlaw's communication .was the secondthat he opened, and its contents, circumlocutory as became an ornament to •the legal profession, fairly astounded him. ; ! " Why," he thought,':, " hadn't my uncle an heir?—1 declare I must run home and ask mother abo.ut it. I am nearly sure there was a Walter Blount, arid sisters innumerable. Banco, have an eye on things in general, will you ?" he said to the yellow visaged, wrinkled foreheaded clerk who sat at a desk near the- " dusty window. Mr Banco inclined his he^ and Edward. • left the office with alacrity- No. sooner had he arrived at the modèst. house which sheltered his mother and hiinśelf than, he plunged into the subject of Ijis unlooked for fortune. Why, mother," he said, " here, am I master of Broadmarsh j Hall,, heir, of the late John Blount, Esq., and- iń a position to throw the office and all those dismal documents to the mischief. But how is it, I want to know? > Had not John Blount a son?" • - " Yes," replied Mrs Blount, "hehad a son named Walter." You have not hear4 of his death, have> you?" : "No—I have, heard occasionally that the squire was much, attached, to las son. though .their tastes were widely different.. Perhaps death has stepped in for yourbenefit." : " We will have uncleV opinion on the matter, and then FIL be off to Laistow or London, and see what is to. be seen." Mr Gervase, when, appealed to, gave his opinion that -Edward should immediately wait upon Mr Flaw, and so Edward went; A tall fresh-colored young man, iń dusty garments and with riding whip in hand, -was ushered into Mr Flaw's presence, and announced himself as Edward Blount. Mr Flaw was profoundly respeotful, and spoke with the conscious dignity of the repository of the late squire's secrets. " It is as you.suppose, Mr Blount—the late owner óf Broadmarsh had a son." "Then why in the nameof r'ghtand reason was not the property left to him ?" " A vèi^-haWal question," said Mr Flaw, "«ad one that I almoBt regret to have to answer. 1 assure you that it was only when my lamented client became unmistakeably imperative that I yielded. Mr Walter disagreed with his father upon a! question of vital importance to both of them, and as they were unable to adjust their differences Mr Walter went to Australia, and your name was substituted for his." Edward was silent and thoughtful for a fęw minutes. " There is no question as to the legality of the course, adopted by the late owner, I suppose ?" Mr Flaw smiled. "J prepared the necessary documents," he answered. Edwardsmiled, too. He felt quite sure, from his knowledge of Mr Flaw's reputation, that there was no doubt about the matter. " Well, sir," he said, " I shall run down to Laistow and make myself known to my cousin or cousins, or all and everyone with whom I can claim affinity. But one thing I should like you to do. that is to communicate with Walter Blount immediately. Tell him that business of the greatest importance requires his immediate attendance, and hint that, in the stereotyped phrase, there is something to his advantage." Mr Flaw howed assent, and opened the office door for the young owner of Broadmarsh. Edward hastened to the railway office, and soon arrived at the Laistow station. Then he hired a cab, and was driven to the hall. Being shown into a spacious room overlooking a lawn, and shadowed by the foliage of chestnut trees, he amused himself by looking over a sketch book until Jessie entered. It was easy to see at a glance that his title to the name of Blount was indisputable, for Jessie's handsome face was reproduced in his only with the addition of a good- humored smile that seemed perpetual, and a meny, and I must say a very unsolicitor-like, twinkle in his blue eyes. "My cousin, Mx Edward Blount," said Jessie, extending her hand. " Yes, verily," said Edward, " but which of the long line of female representatives of the house of Blount are you ?" " Jessie, the only unmarried one," replied the lady. "Incredible!" said Edward. "The handsomest face I have seen since I left Cardiff, and yet unappropriated !" " Such is the dismal fact, however," said Jessie, who was agreeably surprised and amused at the ease and self-possession of her cousin, and, to say the truth, thought him a veiy handsome fellow. " Well, cousin, that is a dismal fact, unquestionably ; but this other fact, about Walter's disagreement with his father and his consequent ruin is more dismal still. Now I have just seen Flaw, but. he is professionally reticent, and I want to know all the particulars. I am much obliged to yon' for not receiving me with a frown severe, for I am assuredly an interloper ; but then, you see, it was not of my-Own volition. Now will you tell me -why my cousin is an exile and disinherited T' Something in Edward's frank, unaffected simplicity of manner induced Jessie to tell him the cause of the quarrel between Walter and her father. He listened attentively, and the smile faded from hi lips and the light from his eyes when she had concluded. " Now let us change the subject," he said. " Will you shew me the hall and the glories thereof Î And then you must introduce me to this married sister and her husband." Jessie fell in with the humor of her cousin, and they rambled about the old mansion' until the dinner hour. " It would <be agreeable enough to know oneself the owner of Broadmarah if it were not for the uncomfortable reflection that the righful heir is ousted," said Edward.; "Don't you think we could compromise the matter in some way, Jessie did not see that a compromise could be effected.' " You ape deficient in ingenuity," said Edward. " Now there are two schemes already suggested by my active imagination, and I Bhould te a very happy fellow if they could be carried ont." " Well, then why not be happy ?" said Jessie, with a smile that to Edward seemed irresistible; "Because there is a second party in each scheme, and it depends upoii their prompt acquiesence whether the said schemes are successful or not/" " Well, sound, your seconds .and let uś know what prospects there are of-success." " Very ; good, I will. . But not immediately. ; I think -Fil run'over to the village to-night, and inake the acquaintance of my. future vassalsi" " I • have ordered your room to be got ready,", said Jessie; "you know we are only here bn sufferance." ' " You'- will do mê the greatest possible favor ifjyóu will rémain here altogether," said Edward. " The : burden of all this greatness 'irffl^&taffitj; than I can bear : while you Lave a tjueenly air that tells mè you Were born'for greatness, and àre'not like me . who h&ye; -had greatness/thrust uponnie;; ; - Your UBe of the word queenly remands me of poor Walter," said Jessie. applied it to. Miss Temple, and, though at first I thought it one of the exaggerations of the distempered medium through which he viewed her, 1 was subsequently fain to confess that she is a noble girl" " I should like to see this lady-love of Walter s, said Edward ; "but what is that you said about a distempered medium ?— that s an extraordinaiy expression to apply to Buch a glorious illusion as being in love." "You consider it an illusion, it seems." Yes, cousin, of course it is. But it's a very pleasant illusion." " Do you speak from experience ?" said Jessie. " Now, that is not a fair question, cousin." It was late when they retired for the night, and early when Edward descended to the breakfast room. He declared that the ghosts of his ancestors had conspired to drive sleep from his eyes. " They know I have no business here, Jessie ;that is the truth. I must try my schemes for getting away." Jessie had passed a restless night, too. This_ newly found cousin was something so different to what she had expected, so handsome, and seemingly good-natured, that she half- loved him instead of detesting him as she had fully resolved upon doing. Her feminine curiosity, too, was excited in no small degree by his hints at a compromise. What c&uld; he be contemplating ? Not the relinquishment of the splendid property that had fallen to his lot, even though it was his to the detriment of his kinsman ; the lawful heir could not be expected to make such a tremendous sacrifice for a moral sentiment. Then what could he mean by two schemes and there being others who must second his projects ? Jessie was so pre-occupied with her speculations that she was strangely absent at breakfast time, nor could Edward's lively Bailies arouse her. After breakfast Edward walked overtotheresidenceof MrsTemple, introduced himself in the same easy unaffected manner to Rachel—told her that he was the new owner of Broadmarsh, and asked if she had any idea when Walter intended to return ?" " I have not had a letter from him for so long that I fear something has happened to him, or that he is on his way home." "You fear that he is on his way home ?" asked Edward, smiling. " No, I expressed myself incorrectly. I should be only too glad if he were here, and yet it will be a sad welcome for him. He will come to find his father that he loved, dead, and the old home of his boyhood, the property of another." "And you the cause," said Edward, looking very stedfastly at her. The crimson rushed over Rachel's face and forehead. " It is not kind of you to speak like that," she said, with a little indignation in her tone. " In would not be pardonable in anyone else," replied Edward, "but when you know me a little better you will forgive me for a great deal more than that. Keep up your spirits—we, that is, Flaw and I, have written to Walter to come home immediately, and we must see what can be done to smooth this course of true love." Rachel looked her surprise and gratitude but could not speak, and before she recovered herself Edward Blount was gone. A few days passed—Edward had returned to Cardiff—Jessie was still at Broadmarah—Rachel had parted again with Rose, and all things moved on in the old groves. Morths elapsed—Edward Blount returned from Cardiff and spent a fewdays at Broadmarsh. " There was an immense amount of business transacted," the village postmaster said, " to judge by the letters that came from Cardiff to Miss Blount ;" but as we all know how unsatisfactory is the medium of letter-writing, compared to a personal conversation, it is probable that Edward resolved upon the latter. "Walter ought to be here by this time," said Edward, " but as he is not I intend to impart one of my schemes for a compromise of this difficulty about the property." Jessie was all attention in an instant. Edward looked at her with an amused smile and a positive light inhis blue eyes. "I have been viewing you Jessie through 'a distempered medium' lately, and I have come to the conclusion that it it as absolutely neçéssaiy for my happiness and for my enjoyment of the property of Broadmarsh that you should be my wife. It's an audacious proposal, of course, but don't ..you See how it smoothes some of the difficulties that have' been irritating UB of late ?" '• • " No," said Jessie, with flushed cheekand frowning: " I don't." • "Cousin, you. are proyokingly.dull today. Don't you see that if you become "Mrs Blount, a Blount will still retain; possession of the property your father left you, instead of it becoming the possession ^qf someone else ?" : j " Tés, ' of course, I can see that; but ;that does not help poor Walter. " . •. Edwards manner suddenly changed. 'nr^1® 1 " he wid : "and to help poor Walter is my principal object. But first teU me, Jessie, may I hope that the aversion with which you naturally met me wnen 1 iirst came has changed into—shall I dare to speak the word ?" Jessie was u ' } know ' doar Jessie, that I have but little to urge why you should love me, hSrf" 1 love y° u with all my Jessie's face was turned away ; but Ç d d S t e r faU from beneath her " It is enough, Jessie dearest. There is nothing more that I can desire to make me happy. You love me-I know you do. I wish that I could show you how much, how very much, I love you. " Not another word was spoken between ^ " ^ a 7 aS , f ' 111 of happiness for words. And while they sat and listened to the beating of their own hearts, there S w w the door ' from which alighted Walter Blount. Jessie, who had caught but a momentaij gkmpse of her brother, turned pale, and uttered the words "Oh, Edward." Edward rose from his seat, and in gentlest tones soothed her agitated nerves. You must meet him before be sees me, and tell him that I am not a willing sup- P ^ T - f l * X ,, h °P e ' and «deed feel sure, that he will one day esteem me as much as he may, perhaps, condemn me now. " Walter is too just and generous to condemn you, Edward. He made the sacrifice wilhngly for the woman he loved, and will not repent him now that it is too Ute. He is a noble fellow is Walter, and I cannot bear to think that there may be angry feelings engendered by my poor takers unforgiving conduct." Wait a little, Jessie—one-half mv scheme is accomplished ; when the other &alt; is likewise carried out you will find allayed] 1 " 1^ ^ n ° Łeart " burnin g s to be Walter and Jessie returned to the room a fewminutes afterwards, and the frank, cheerful greeting of his cousin carried conviction to the mind of Edward Blount that he was not regarded as the usurper of lus kinsman's rights. Pleasantly they chatted of the past, finding ever fresh materials for maintaining the conversation. Then after luncheon Walter bade sister, and cousin farewell, and hastened to the home of Rachel. , must give the wanderer a welcome befitting his importance," said Edward. 1 want everything to be done as it should be, you know ; so I will leave the details to-you, Jessie." '.But would it not be something liké a mockery to celebrate the return of one who, so far as he is concerned in Bróadmarsh, is a beggar ?" replied Jessie. to me" dear ' y ° U given yourself " Not I, indeed," said Jessie laughing. Hut I assert that you have—and obedience is the veiy firat of a wife's duties. "Oh, certainly, my lord," said Jessie with ludicrous gravity. t '! ^eref ° re y° u wiU do as 1 desire. . nothing wanting that can make Walter feel himself at home." Edward initiated preparations for a dinner party on a large scale, and Jessie resolved that nothing should be wanting to insure its being a success. Walter in the meantime passed many pleasant hours with Rachel, and had arranged for his marriage and return to Australia. Jessie suggested that the wedding should take place on the morning of the day of the intended banquet, but Walter seemed to "I often pictured her as mistress of Broadmarsh, Jessie, and pleased myself with the thought how nobly she would play her part. Now that we are soon to leave the old place, perhaps for ever, it would be only awakening useless regrets and arousing envious feelings." Do you think you could persuade Walter to make the dinner day his wedding day, Jessie ?" asked Edward, a day or so after. " I have been trying, but he urged some very sound objections," replied Jessie. "111 go over to Miss Temple and talk ner into compliance," said Edward. ' You have a very exalted idea of your powers of persuasion, Edward," replied Jessie. "1 shall succeed," said Edward confidently. He went and heard a31 that Walter had to uree against the proposal, but walking with Rachel up and down the garden for half-an-hour he eombatted their resolution valiantly. It seemed, however, as if all his arguments would be in vain until, at last, he suddenly stopped and taking Rachel's hand said, " I shall deem it a personal £av6r if you will persuade Walter to acquiesce. If it does occasion hiin or you'S little uncomfortable feeling T will Credit you with the full amount of selfdenial involved. Now say it shall bé as I Hrish." • - -•• Edward had a pleasant way of attaining his desires, which Ids acquaintances characterised as " walking roiind " them and he succeeded in this as in every other case when he chose to exercise his invaluable art. So the wedding was "arranged SrSn P i° ntlleday (To be continued.) 0 f t h e^ a t 