MEWS OF THE DAY In anothbr column we publish a letter from a correspondent, stating that at Mrs Britten's lecture on - Sunday last, attention was called to an article in The Heuald of the Friday previous, declaring Dr Slado's manifestations to be imposture and hum bug, and it was stated that Dr Slade was willing to submit his manifestations to five gentlemen of standing. The writer suggests several testa which should be applied, whioh we thiuk it inad visable to publish at prerent, The gentleman who filled the chair on the occasion referred to informs us that the statement was made. We also asked Dr Blade whether or not he would Buhmit himself to five gentlemen of standing, to be selected by the conductors of this journal, in connection with any friend whom the dootor might appoint. To this application the medium has not re plied. We have denounced Dr Blade's manifestations as humbug and imposa tore, and ws nra prepared to abide the deoision of any five gentlemen of standing on this point, But certainly not of Boms five gentlemen speoially selected to arrive at a foregone conolusion. The gentlemen whom we should have named, if they would aet, are Mr BSllery, Mr Oosmo Newbery, and Professor Halford, who should form thecommittee, two mombers of our staff to be present to aid in their investigations, but tbo decision to be left to the three gentlemen named. The Lend Tax Commission, having been at work nearly ten days, have reached No, 16 on the list of appeals, out of over 210, but several have been withdrawn. The chair man's remarks, in giving judgment today on 'Mr Oarmichael's appeal, recalled to memory the Stevenson case, inasmuch as he pointed out thBt the appellant, who had been remarkably vague, might have made all clear by Bimply producing his books, which he did not. Uuder these cir cumstsnces, the Commission was bonnd to uphold the classifiers. No doubt other ap. pellants will profit by this, aud be careful to fetch tbeir books. At the same time, it must be added that the appellants hitherto have generally been frank and ready with all information. The court was but thinly attended to-day, and evidently is settling down into an ordinary recognised public in. stitution, the proceedings being usually dry and technical . The Assembly met at two o'olook to-day. The principal business before the House is the Loan Bill, the discussion on which will be continued. Ministers intend forcing the measure through the Assembly to-night, The impression is general that the Upper House will refuse to pass the bill, at any rate, until farther information is afforded as to tho proposed lines of railway, It is alleged that the manner ia whioh the Exhibition Bill was pushed through com mittee in the Assembly last evening will not tend to advance its passage through the Council, ns many mombers opposed to the measure are auxiouB to demonstrate to the Ministry that in baste of the kind practised there is very little realjspeed. , In the Equity Court, to-day, Mr Justice Molesworth made rules absolute for the com pulsory sequestration of the estates of the fol lowing persons : — J, M. Ferrell, of Bugar Loaf, near KilmorOf poundkeoper, on the petition of William L. Eer and others; Thomas Oregon, of Lake Hindmarsh, farmer, on the petition of the Bank of Victoria; and James Bbsnahan ol Falmerston street, Carl ton, baker, on the petition of H, W. Dauby, trustee of tho estate of Kimpton and Bush) millera and corn dealers, Fitzroy, InBol. vents. Application was made to. day, in the Eqnity Oonrt, to Mr Justice Molesworth for probate to two codicils of the will of the lote Mr Edward Henty, the will itself having been lost, Tho value of the deceased's pro perty was sworn at £181,000, His Honor rcservod his deolsioo. Neither Legislative Chamber appoars in a hurry to get quit of its Beform BUI. The idea is about in political circles that Minister9 want to get the Upper House bill in their hands before despatching their measure to the other Chamber, and as delay enite the Council admirably, tho members of the Upper Honse are not disposed to puBh their bills forward with undue speed. The Parliamentary Committee on tho Metropolitan Gbr Company did not moot to day, being postponed till Tuesday, at eloveD, Tho Lands Commission sat again to-day, and the greater part of tho morning was spent in healing the appeal of Alexander S. Murray, agninBt tbo clnsfification of Boma lend in DundaB and Tollntt. Tho classi fiers Messrs Harvoy and Say gnve evi dence ns to tho quality of tho laud, atid the number of sheep it would carry to tho acre. Tho deputntiou appointed by the public meeting hold rccontly in Carlton, on the subject of burial by contract, waited on tho Cemetery trustees yesterday to present the resolutions carried at the meeting. Mr John Curtain, J.P., tho Ohairman of tho meoting, introduced the deputation, who wero rei ceivcd very courteously. After n long dis cussion, during which many of the objec tions to the contemplated action of the trustees were discussed, these gentlemen promised to give tho matter favorable con sideration, bb they had no dostra to act in any way hostile to the public feeling, as expressed by the meeting. An article published elsewhere gives tho information that the Australian Eleven have one more match to play ia Qreat Britain, as on the 13th (to-morrow) and 11th inst., they meet a QlsBgow team at Glasgow, Some other interesting information in reference to the Australians is also given. The vessels in tho river presented an extremely festive air of gaioty, this morning, in honor of the marriage of Mr J. H. Blackwood, of M1 Haa kon, Blackwood and Co, shipping agents, to a Miss Moran, who is the daughter of a Presbyterian' Clergy man. Tho ceremony was performed in Bcots Church, Collias- street west, at one o'clock this afternoon, and qnite a crowd of curious young women congregated around the door, anxious for a glimpse of the happy couple as thoy emerged from the church joined in one for life. At the close of a lease of Eimpton v. Sedgowick, for goods sold and delivered, in the County Court to-day, his Honor Judgo Cope gave somo advice to members of tho bnr. He said counsel, befora defending a case, onght to rend over hie brief carefully, nnd if he found there was no case ndvise to that efEeot. He said, if ho (the judge) were at tho bar he would do so. Mr Quinlna neked how would this rule opply in case of murder? His Honor repliea, it would bo lime enough to diBCUBS that contingency when it arose. He now spoke ouly of civil cases. ' Mr Call this morning very neatly bowled out a 'bus-driver in the District Court. He wnB summoned for having oo lighted lamps at nine o'clock on the evening of the 2nd inst. He pleaded that he was r.ot nwaro tbnt his lamps had gone oat, for the moon light end tho gaslight combined rendered tbeir light difficult to bo seen. Mr Call caught him in an instant : " Moonlight on the 2nd inBt I Why, that's about ns far from moonlight as can be. Ten shillings and costs." At the Hotham Police Court, this moran ing, a man, named Pierce Butter, was prosecuted nt the instanco of aa iuformter for soiling liquor without n license. Tho al leged offence was committed in the Builders' Arms Hotel, and tho licensee of tho hotel was called as a witness for the prosecution. He stated that he had abandoned his license, and the defendant was not authorised to sell, nor was he his agent, The two informers had purchased two glasses of gin, and ten dered half-a-crown, and received change. The bench expressed an opinion that the informers had merely done their duty, bat this wnB an isolated ease, end as no doubt a licence wonld be procared for tho honse the merits wonld be met by the pay ment of 20b to the poor-box. It was stated that tho bueinces oE the hotel had been car ried on lor come time without a license and that the police and the town clerk had been asked to interfere, but had declined. A wedding which attracted considerable attention wbb solemuized at Toorak yesterday, Tbe happy couple wero Mr Murphy, son of Sir Francis Murphy, and Miss Hopkins, daughter of Mr Hopkins, of Wiacbolsea, Thero were six bridesmaids present, and the bride's dress was greatly admired by tbe numerous ladieB present. Mr PurveB's poculiar stylo of crossa examination csmo out in great force at the District Oonrt to- day. Mr Gibbs, Bcgistraro , General, was in tbe box giving formal evi dence as to the registration of public com panies, when Mr Purves commenced. " I suppose your time is of some consequence 7" Witness : " Yes." Mr P. : " Then the public service is inconvenienced by your absence ?" Witness, " No, I make arrange ments to carry on the duty. " Mr P. : " But tbe duty could not go on without yon." Witness Weil l suppose it could." Mr P. : " Then you're a superfluity, sir- That'll do." Witness stood down. Mr Purvas traversing his previous remarks by audibly saying tbnt be wonld not like to see another Regielrar-General. At the Oity Police Oonrt toadny, the man William Mnrehall, the hotel thief or "barber," to use the thieves' slang, who was so cleverly captured last week, by DotectiveB Berrill and Brown, in tbe very act of robbing the bedroom of tbe former mentioned officer at tbe Oity Hotel, and despoiling him of his purse, containing marked bank notes and coins, was brought up on four distinct chBrgee of robbing hotels. The firat case investigated was that in whioh the prisoner wbb charged with robbing George Jackson, n letter carrier, who, in August last, resided at the Royal George Hotel. Fiom tbo evidence, it appeared that, during the night of the 2nd August, 1878, JnckBon was aroused from his slumbers by hearing some coppers falling npon tbe floer of biB bedroom . On getting oat of his bed JacksoD observed, by tho light of a street lamp opposite bis window, tho prisoner, with his (Jackson's) pookstbook in his hand On demanding an explanation the prisoner stated that he had been robbed. Jackson took the pocketbook from Marshall, and ascertained that bis money was quite cor rect, Tbe prisoner then glided away from the room liko a ghost. The alarm was then given by Jackson, and the landlord inspected the various rooms of his lodgers. Marshall, with tbo other lodgers was fonnd in bod with bis face to tbe wall, and, as he ap peared to be in a sound sleep, he was not suspected at tbe time, and early tbe following morning be left tho hotel. The prisoner, who was defended by Mr A. Read, was committed for trial The remaining oases had not been com pleted at the time The Hebald went to pteBB. Marshall, althongh a young man has served sentences of imprisonment at Ballarat and Fentridco for bnrglnry He was ono of the prisoners, who ia conjunction with the notorious Beott alias Moon light, the Egerton Bank robber, effec ted their escnpo from tho Ballarat gaol in 1874. Marshall was subsequently re-arrested by Detectives Berrill and Eason at tbe Old Hard Hills, and on the ohsrge of prieombreaking received an additional sen tence of six months in irons. The businesB at tbo Hotbam Police Oonrt to- day did not include anything of a gene rally interesting nature, Tho esses of Catherine Phccuix v Mrs Simmons, assault; and Mary Jane Oay v Catherine Phoenix, abusive language, were both dismissed, Mr Augustus Keith has written to tbe hon the Chief Secretory that now that tho nego tiations with the Eastern Extension Telen grsph Company have fallen through, the Governments of tho variouB colonies in terested should nnito in laying down a csblo of thoir own, end quotes figures to show that tbe project is feasible. The meeting of the Brunswick Oonnclli held last night, nnd which broke ap ia confusion, leaving a large amount of ima portant business nnsottied, baffles descrip tion, Accusations and recriminations were indulged in between some of tbe councillors anything but creditable to thorn or edifying to thoso compelled to be in attendance, Thegiftedlocturer, tha Rev W. Kelly, S.J., will deliver his farewell leetnrc to-morrow evening in the Town Hall, on Edneation. Sir John O'Slinnnssy will preside on the occasion. A ton meeting and concert, in aid of tho building fnnd of Trinity Ohurcb, Ooburg, took place in tbe Orderly-room, last night, and were well attended, Mr G. W. Williamson delivered hieloctaro on The History of Ohurcb Music, in St, Johu's Fresbyterinii Church, Essendon, last night, Tho attendnnco was largo, nnd the lecture, which was both interesting ami instructive, was ably delivered. Tho musi cal illustrations by the choir, nnder tho leadership of tho lecturer, wero tastefully rendered, and after the usual votes of thanks, a very plcaBnnt evening _ was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. Tho Geelong Advertiser states that a lad, named Charles D'Holin, con of a publican in Bellerinc-straet, brought some pieces of quartz richly stnddod with gold to this offico yesterday, which bo states he picked up ia Bellerine street. Another lad, named Jones, be says, found specimens also, Tbo probability is that the etono, camo from the Corporation Gravol-pits, where specimens varying in richness havo from time to time, been found for years past. One piece of qnnrtz, however, containing a singlo speck of gold, wnspioked up by yoaag D'Heliu, wbicb is not at all wntorworn liko most of the quartz found at tho pits. It is a piece of fiat atone, evidently portion of a narrow reef, from which it has the appear ance of having been rccontly broken. Those popnlar favorites, tho United States Minstrels, eucceededlKelly and Leon's Minstrels at the St George's Hall on Satnr. day evening, and since then have been playing to excellent honees nightly. The performance will be repeated this evening andto>morrow evening, and on Saturday there will be an entire change of pro gramme, Mr Oreswick continues to delight his audiences nightly at the Prince of Wales Opera Houso by his masterly representation of Othello. The company support him capitally, as maybe BuppoBed when such genuine actresses and actors bb Miss Helen Athton, Mrs Steel, Mr Iroland nnd Mr Phillips sustain the leading characters. Our Boarding House at St. Kilda will be played for tbe last time at the Theatre Royal this evening. To-morrow evening Miss Annie Firmin is to tnke her benefit, and for tho occasion has selected EaBt Lyene as tho drama to bo presented. Mi's Firmin will, outtaiu the dual unit of Lady Isabel Onrlyle and Madame Vine, und Mr John Jack will appear ns tbe wronged husband, Archibald Carlylo. Afteiwarde, the Georgia Minstrels will give a short entertainment, and the per formance will wind np with tho amusing farce, Nan the Good for Nothing, introducing Mies Fenny Wiseman. Buch a programme should ensure a large attendance. The Octoroon with the Georgia Minstrols is still being played at the Academy of Music with success. Some considerable improve, mcnt is observable since its first produc tion, Tbe Princess's Theatre has been fairly at tended since Saturday night, tbe Octoroon being played every evening. Somo of tbo members of the company have improved upon the first conceptions of the parts en trusted to them, and tbe drama runs much more smoothly than it did on tho occasion of its firBt presentation. 