TDBKEY: ITS 'VXOPLE, AND TiTWTB KKUGION. . The above was the titia of a leoture de livered by the Rev. J. K. '.MacmiHao on Fri day evening, in connection with the Yonng. Men's Christian Association, Mr. Sergeant occupying the chair. Having .alluded to the Drominenoe mined bv"Tnrkey at the present time, tto _y«v." lectorer expreraed w toope that the (Conferenoe now eittirig at Berlin would be the means of bringing about a general peace. " Turkey was now the only country in Europe in which Christianity was not the recnguised religion of the rolere ; in social habits aod customs the Turks were also far removed from other Europeans - la Europe, Africa, and Asia' the Ottoman Empire con- taiued 40 000,006 M inhahSUnti, be central state -in European Turkey beingRoomelia, which enrreaponded with the ancient king dom of Thraoe, the inhabitants ofwhiohwero,' aooording to VJrgil, a conrsous mod wr-. Hkelrato Ant onial and fierce in ' character. Nevarthelses, they attained a high degneof, oiviliaation. In this kingdom was the city" of PhHKppirxwatob»h"Yn,txiW«Bttwi"-wiMi- the voyages of the Apoeile. Paul, "who there planted Jba first Christian Ohuroh in fiurope-t Mr. Macmillan then gsve a history of the country from thoConadatiataiof Byzantium, by , Bvxaa, 650 yeara "before Christ ; explained bow this city was subsequently named Con- atautioople by Conatsntiue the Great, and gradnally brought hia hearers np to the , year . 1309, when Ostn'aa became Saltan of the Turks, who left Tarkiatan in Asia, and fonnded the Tnrkiah Empire in Asia Minor. In 1433 theBe invaders, led by Mahommed II., conquered Constantinople, putting an eoff f to the Eastern Roman Empire; changed Abe name of the city to StambonV ahd siaee tb'chi it ..has remained- the capital" jail itbe; Ottoman Empire. Its present population was 13,000,000, of whom only 4,600,000 are Mahommedana, nearly all the .rest be long to the Greek Charch. - Neatly the whole of the population in Servia, Bosnia, and Her zegovina, belong to the Greek Chnrch, of which the Patriarch of Constantinople was the chief bishop, the Emperor of Russia being generally considered its head and defender. It was owing to the persecution of these Christians by the Tnrks, that the Emperor of Russia i interfered on their behalf, and' went to war with Turkey. The Emperor demanded (hat Christian rnlera should be placed at the head of the government of these dependencies, and the Turkish magistrates removed therefrom. The lecturer expressed no opinion as to whether or "not the Emperor" of Russia had ulterior views in going to war,- bat it was quite possible be proposed'tn sub jugate the Turkish Empire and annex it to his own extensive dominions. If -bo, fortu nately. his intention had been -defeated; and Turkey: Still -held its plaoe in the map ofi Erirope. Unquestionably, however, the ori ginal reason given by Alexander XL for going to war was the nqpatiafaotory atate of. his co-religionists nndre Turkish, rale ; and, in his manifesto to his army after wet hhfi been proclaimed, he deolaredthat tbe-canse.of Russia was God's; the objeot being the de liverance of the persecuted people - from Turkish cruelty and misgovefnment. If this bad really been achieved, nie war, severe though it bad been, would yet prove of great - advantage. While ths northern states of Tnrkey adhered to- 'the Christian faith, the . central province — Ronmelia— was Ma- hommedan, ..being a part of — Turkey, inhabited by the Turks as a distinct people, who originally crime from Asia, and either" destroyed the people whom they found 'in. possession of the country, or compelled them to embrace Jheir religion. " Tbe ohief city of Boomelia ,'wae " Constantinople, beautifully situated on the Bosphoros. Its position was such that if it were in the hands of a powerful people it would -be tbe key of ppliticaa- - premscy in both Europe and Aria, and mo better arrangement could beeffected for the welfare of its people than rfiavit ahouldfre placed under the peaoefnl and powerful pro. tectum of England. The energy of its people, wdnld then be stimulated, and to them would be imparted ' the bksringE of education and religion, At praaeut, education time writ' much negleotod, and the condition of the female portion of the population waz one of great degradation. The lower classes were utterly illiterate and snperatitioas, and no thing was being donefry iheirralera to improve this atate of affairs. The literature they pos sessed was only a miserable imitation of tbat of the Arabians ahd Persians, their language was neither copious nor pleasing to the ear, and, notwithstanding tbatraome improvement bad recently been introduced, the government of the country was purely despotic, the Saltan caving supreme autnority in spmtnsi, as well w temporal affairs. Having explained the origin of the word "Sultan," the rev. ' lecturer proceeded to explain that although the Tnrks did not constitute one half of the population of Turkey in Europe, the supreme power was exclusively in their hands ; he enumerated the principal officers (of state, and thought (he new " Council of State" might, in the course of time, bs the means of doing much good. . The regular army consisted .of nearly <400,000 conrsgeona men who, if well disciplined aod officered, would make one of the most effective armies in Europe, a fact fully proved." by their -conduct during the recent war. In concluding this "portion -of. hia subject, Mr. Macmillan called attention . to tbe fact that three of. the islands most: famous in ancient hiatoty — Crete, Rhodes, and Patmoe — were now under Turkish rule, and then proceeded to furnish . a brief sketch of the religion of the Tnrks. It was founded by an Arab named Mahommed, ' who was bora in Mecca, about the year 669. Mecca, which contained a population of about 43,000, was looked upon as the x&ief; of the holy. cities of the Mahommedani, and immense numbers of pilgrims yearly, repaired " thf re .to psy. thfeir devotions at the shrine erected on the apot where the author of their laith was born.; Previous to the introduction of Mahomms-' daoism the Arabs were sunk In gross taper-.; etition'snd idolatry, and, moved ' no doubt. with H enire to introduce a betterand totter: frith, "Mahommed resorted toevery means to abolish idblatry. tiod establish io Its plan the religion which he himself had adopted. In early life he . accompanied a relative to Syria, everywhere beheld traces of the misery which prevailed among the people, and fojt coonnced that so long SB.they were idolaters, ' so long woold they remain in misery and . ignorance. Io Syria he visited a Nestorian monastery, where he received considerable instruction in some of the fnodamental.prin- cipteb of- tire- Christian religion, on which1 principles, as is welliknown, he founded bis own .-religion. Upon them he afterwards built up the frith which he declared he had received in a. vision, direct to himaelf from heaven. Being it "man of distinguished abilito, |ehdow€«l with great natnraljanergy and determination, and filled with a purpose and resolution in cany through any nnder- taking upon which his hesrt was set, he, with fiezy . commenced, the work of making cpnyertiL to. ' bis frith .abont Jtbe year" 609, , when ahont 40 years" of "age. -His fiirs|npp-j vert was his own, w«e, ..to. J$Eepojmnn- nicated partkmlara of mjsMrtiiv which>e Tpipgsi'iSuftf i iaajfflKGis aogd Qf'riel, who was sent to instrai»mtn,an3Iiy wfaoin he was; declared to be :an aporifo' df Gqd. Shortly afterwards he gkined adhereots amongst his orii relatives, and then fttelq- hajjLtanls of Mecca ' joiofid the' new!|U)tli, which ' spread "rapidly among ! the' people of Medina, who , srarmly embraced it, Smd offered," to .'render every ', asrisrauce; In, its ' propagation. " Nnmeroos "tribes, how. ever, refused to .absndon the nrectid'a of idolatry, rqwn which Mahommed roadlved to. compel item.' ' A oonapirapy VMfoririedto ; destroy him; rbnt he i escaped to'ajrafe whime, he concealed" himself Iqr three" days. ' This' escapefram the vieleuoe pf his enemies and bis flight to ' the cave is " known to the Mahotnmtidmrn » the 'VHagira/iatid firom this date A. P. 622 they date the commenoe- mXbt iff their Ha. ' The'RoctrinsibtlslainlUn' eo rapidly extended that soon their founder aaaomed the dignity of king as well as the authority of a prthe .-mid aet forth to con quer adjscent countries and corapei thrir In- habitants to rnbrnit themselves to his faith. He wae invariably pnccessfnlj throughout Arabia and Peraia, mHlihria' submitted to his power," anft'tbfch it FTtended to ypt. Alter, paying fpfewhll visit to Mecca WtUi so fewer than; 180,066 .armed followers,' Mahommed died io Medina, in the 63rd year of his age. Mahommrdanism wasuoddnbtedly sgroat im-> provement on the older religions of the people whb ; .emhraoed" , it, ,and our r aoquainUuce wTtfiits principal was derived from the: Koran. .One substantial or fcndimedtsl ' dPottiiS>i>f MahotninBdsn Triigtira :wraz tiilf HhSty of God." ' Shorired mtti' fibe t&tiltitato; of idbU vroiahipped in the countries1 ffhyh'iAatMiffionnnedaeBired.iabdtMl. MflflGitsmEE dfog jtbe name tints exclaiming, "There is rro God butGod, and MahouunedisiiisPro(ihet.n Even the worship , of saints aud of images was forbidden in the Koran. Tfhe Mahommedan frith requires hetief io "the existence of anbele — first, a few i "ffl Aibgclshed sod mosteraltod, but nftBr these a -class of iuferior angels, some good, som> bad: -Among the wicked angels was he who disobeyed the Divine command toj witness Adam in bis creation, therefore Re "was ex- pelledfromTaradile.sradfoanuAewasiaDged toEblis, whichrigoifies "de«palr."Mahomm»d did nbt regard himself as Qie <ohly prophet who had been sent from heaven, nor his revels- tion as the only Divine communication to the earth. An immense multitude of wrropbets and apostles, had -been scht at vanoastitues to impart.knpylt»3ge jpf iGod,-aicd Smove the tion :—Adam, Noah; Abraham, Jesus, and Mahbmmed. Each one waa to supplant or take the piaoe 'of Jiis prtflheeasor, as introducing a assist Wasregarded by him as the greatest of the prophets, but Mahommed. having snooeeded Jesus, was ehtaQed to a higher place, as the teadicr of abetter laith. Mahommed asserts that ha huhseU-a the' last <ff«U the prophets, and that no purer faith than his can be pre- oshted fo She hnman Vaqe," bisnligfoa being additional and enpplsmentary to the Old and New Testaments. Mahommed even went an far as to say that he was the new prophet spoken of by Jesus as his suoosssor. When he spoke of sending the Comforter, who is; the Holy -Ghost, Mr. Msomillin remarks d-- fbat 'in arrogsting this office, Mahommed ; was " a rank impostor, . filled with ambition to distinguish himself as the -founder of a new religion, and alt that waa Valuable in the doctrine he proclaimed was borrowed form his knowledge of the Christian religion, and would not have gained so many, converts but for the compulsion brought into, play, " The rev, lecturer then spoke at length on the religious observances of Mrinrmmadanism, the classes into which the clergy is divided, &a.; He especially dwelt upon the fact that the drinking of wine and all intoxicating liquors, ud gambling were expressly forbidden in the Koran, ud ooncladed a most interesting leotnre by ex pressing a hope that a new aDd more en- llghteoed era was abont to oommenoe for Turkey. -r On the motion of the Rev. J. Lewis a most cordial .vote of thanks waa awarded to par. toumuian oy a weu-nuea nsii, ua this bronght the.proceedings to clues. . .. . 