TAXATION. South Australians as a rule scarcely appreciate tho immense advantages which the people of a new country such as oura possess in being able to take a clear view of the real sources of their wealth and the active factors in their prosperity. They are not trammelled by old laws, they are not confused by old traditions, they are not baffled by the conflicts of vested interests. Within the last forty-two years— within the memory of many still living amongst U3, in fact— tho material, the social, and the political interests of this colony have grown up. A Going to first principles, it must be acknowledged that the wealth of South Australia is entirely derived, directly or indirectly, from the land. The colony is not, like England, filled with a large in dustrial population, which, enlisted by capital — the storod-up labour of many generations — and aided by mighty com mercial fleets, draws in to her shores tho raw material of other countries, to sond it forth again doubled or quadrupled in value by the labour and cost of manufacture and transport, this industrial population being in great part fed from other countries, and not from tho restrictud territory in which it lives. In no branch of our local production, pastoral, agricul tural, or mineral, can wo get rid of tho hard fact that it is the land which is made to yield the whole revenuo of tho colo nists, and that but for tho products oi the fields, tho vineyards and gardens, the sheep and cattle runs, the mine3 and tho quarries, thora would be no cities or ports as centres for the distribution of products ; no road3, bridges, or railways to convey those pn- ducts by Land ; no fleet of ships plying from distant ports ti- carry them and the equivalents for them to and from foreign markets ; no government needed ; and no taxes imposed for tho regulation of tho population which has been attracted bj the facilities for production. The virgin territory was in the first placo tho pro perty of the State, and was sold with provision for the bupply of that labour and indirectly of that capital which alonu could make the land valuable ; but as gra dually population increased and tho colony showed so many resources that it became attractive to a suiliciout number of 'immi- grants, tho stipulation tiiat all tho Land Fuud should boused to import labyur was first modified and then dropped, and the idea that, it should rathor be used to employ labour on reproductive works became more popular with tho community. In South 'Australia the colonists Tiave perhaps had a clearer idea that the Land Fund is capital and not revenue- than lm l.rcvailed in most of the sister provinces, and successive Governments have at least tried to show— in many cases altogether ineffectually— that they were not using it for ordinary expenditure, but fur such works as are supposed to enhance tho value of what remains unsold of the general estate. The proportion of two male and two female adult immigrant* for t ach eighty-acre section sold, which was fixed by the original founders of tha colony, appears a very extravagant labour scale for our modern farmers, who ask for nothing less than 1,000 acres, or at least one square mile, on which to pick up a decent living, and where, with multiple ploughs to turn up the knd, with costly reapers and strippers to take off the crop, and several teams of horses at work at once, they employ comparatively few men directly for the breadth of land cultivated. They employ many indirectly in tha making and repairing of ploughs and reapers to facilitate operations on the field, and still more in part through Dis trict Counci's, but mainly through Go vernment action in the making and maintaining of roads, bridges, railways, harbours, and jettie3 for the cheap and easy transport of their grain to near or distant markets But this labour is nevertheless employed to enhance — and t does enhance — the value of land in the hands of private proprietors and of the unsold Crown lands in the hands of Government. It may be laid down as an unanswerable proposition that reproductive works in crease the value of real property rather than the value of fixed incomes. In axy time of prosperity, which is likely to be at least a temporary conse quence of large Government expendi ture, wages and salaries no doubt rise, bnt only in proportion to the increased coat of living. It ia not the man who pays the additional house rent, but the man who receives it, who is benefited by the general and permanent rise in the value of property ; and as, even if pro perty is overtaxed, the owner will be recouped by the tenant it appears to us to be more equitable to raise from real pro party the revenue necessary to maintain a spirited policy for the development ^& the resources of the country by means of public work3, &c;, than from incomes derived from trade, business, or profession, which depend on the continuance of life and health. The moral advantages of pro perty over income taxation, too, are obvious, for the inquisitorial nature of the latter and the necessity of taking a man's own word for hi3 income necessarily opens the door to prevarication, concealment, and fraud. Moreover, the machinery for a property tax is already in existence. All landed property in the colony in private hands is registered, and except in places out of the declared hundreds is already assessed for Municipal and District Council rates, and a substantial sum towards the payment of interest on all legitimate rail way undertakings could be raised from a property tax. Nothing leas than such a direct tax upon those who benefit most by Government outlay will put an adequate check on the cry for railway facilities from the landholders throughout the length and breadth of the colony, whose voices are all-powerful in tho election o representatives. It is true that the Government schema recognises the principle of taxing pro perty specially, inasmuch as the income derived from it is expected to pay double that which is derived from trades or pro fessions ; but, as we have pointed out in previous articles, ? it doe3 not touch the great mass of landholders and speculators who axe holding for a rise. What taxable income do the South Australian Company, far instance, derive from sections of land round Adelaide which they would not sell for less than £100 per acre ; or what would be raised from vacant town and suburban lots held by absentees and capitalists because they cost nothing to keep, and thus fictitiously raise the price of such lands, which a tax, not on income received but on actual value, would tend to bring down ? The incomes of absentees in particular who are all paying income tax in England would be very hard to assess for the benefit of our colonial revenue, while their real property, which is improved in value by the labour and the capital of those who stay here, can be made justly liable to the same taxation as the surrounding blocks, even though it may be unlct_ and is not producing a penny. The conclusion to be arrived at from a careful consideration of the whole matter seems to ua to be that as between a property and income tax, if only one is needed, the former should without doubt be fir3t appealed to, and that in any case it is impossible to arrange that the Litter shall, fall equitably upon the community aparc from a tax upon property. The Cable News. — Thu3 far the Au3 trians have easily triumphed over the insurgents in Bosnia and the Herzegovina, who have been completely routed. Tho serious character of tho rising is, how ever, proved by tho precautionary measure taken by Austria of mobilizing more troops, and it is to bo feared that the disturbances have not yet reached their climax. Tho people of Laias '.in and. Bp.toum are preparing to offer a vigorous resistance to the Russians, and already 20,000 volun teers have gone forward to the frontier to oppose the invading army of occupation. It has for some time past been evident that formidable obstacles would be placed in Russia's way by the Lazis. Their firm determination to protect Batoum has been repeatedly announced, and even at the Congress it was stated by Prince Bismarck that in Ma opinion, 'after the treaty of peace had been signed, siege would have to be laid to Batoum by Russia before the occupation of that part could be obtained. The hope then ex pressed by the German Chancellor — that the siege would be one of patience— will be generally snared ; but there is every indication that a severe contest will shortly be waged in that part of Asia Minor. The city can hold out for a long time, especially when defended by des perate men, and it is to be feared that for a time war with all it3 horrors will once more rage in Armenia. The first fonts of tho Berlin treaiy 'of peace' are thus ripening rapidly. A rumour has been current that the life of Prince Bis marck Las been attempted, bat it has fortunately proved to be without founda tion. The native troops recently dispatched to Cyprus from Malta are to re-embark for India in five weeks. Their health. ha3 suffered considerably, and serious sickness exists among them, but as yet no deaths are reported. An estimate has been given in Parliament by the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the probable cost of the Kaffir war at the Cape, which it is believed will amount to £400,000. It is now announced that the prorogation of Parliament will take place on August 16 and not on August 13 as previously stated. On the last- mentioned date Her Majesty the Queen is to inspect the fleet at Spithead. A Cardinal of comparatively little note has been ap pointed by Pope Leo XIII. to fill the position of Pontifical Secretary of State rendered vacant by the death of Cardinal Franehi. The new Secretary, Cardinal Lorenza Nina, was made Cardinal on March 12, 1877, and is 66 years of age. He is an Italian by birth, and has for some years held the office of Assessor of the Holy Inquisition. The news as to the state of the money market i is unusurJly discouraging. The Bank re serve stands at the remarkablv low sum of eight and a half millions, which is less than it has been for many years. A new municipal 5 per cent, loan has been issued forDunedin at a minimum price of issue of £95. The loan has been unfavourably spoken of by the Times, and Sir Julius Vogel has vindi cated it. It i3 probable that the Times has pointed out the inexpediency of such heavy indebtedness 'being incurred by corporate bodies. The Dunedin debt already amounts to £217,000, and the sums further authorized or on hand amount to £283,000, being in all, with the new loan, £1,100,000. It is satisfac tory to learn that the harvest prospects continue favourable. Legisiattyb Conran Elections. — Mr. Jas. Martin, JJ., of Gawler announces himself in our advertising columns aa a candidate for the Legislative Council. Address to Mb. Gladstone. — Those gentle men who think thvt an address should be sent to the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone on the settlement of the Eastern question are invited to attend a meeting at White's Arbitration Room this afternoon at 3 o'clock. ; Baxk of South Acstbaxia. — 'We under stand that Mr. Carrie, the new Inspector of the Bank of South Australia, is a mssenger by the s.8. Lusitania, now hourly expected. \ Scfhbhb Corar Sittings. — The Equity Court and tho Court in Banco will sit this morning. - : CoMSIEBCIAI. BA2t£ OF SoCTH AUSTRALIA.— A general meeting of the shareholders in this Bank will take place to-morrow at the Town Hall Refreshment Boom, when the following business will be considered : — M Chairman's report, number and qualifications of Directors and nominations for the positions, also appoint ment of Auditors, and lastly the consideration of the deed of settlement.' Noeth Adelaidh Youso Man's Society.— Mr. J. Langdon Parsons, M.P., will lecture before this Society this evening on ' the Auto crat of the Breakfast Table.' i Kev. Chaeles Clash.— The Kev. Charles Clark will deliver his popular lecture on ' West minster Abbey' at Glenelg to-morrow evening and at the Port on Wednesday. On Thursday he will commence his Northern tour, beginning with Kapunda, Gawler, and the Burra, and at the conclusion of the tonr Mr. Clark will give a series of farewell lectures in the Adelaide Town Hall. ; Poht Goepohatios.— VTe hear that a tender was accepted on Friday night, August 9, for filling up the ditch on the eastern side of the Port-road j being in connection with the drainage work now being done there, at £23 10s. a chain. Mr. J. Reid was the tenderer. Eivee Stcbt Dbaihaoe. — Tenders are being called by the SurveyorTGeneral for excavating a channel for the drainage of the Hirer Sturt. . Young-strebt Bible Chbistiak Ohuech. — A tea and public meeting in connection with the anniversary services of this Church will be held this evening. Hovcakd C&abs; Memorial. — A meeting of the Howard Clark Memorial Committee was held ou Saturday, August 10, at Temple Chambers, Mr. W. Townsend M.P., in the chair. There were also present the Hon. L. Glyde- Messrs. E. Eees, M.P., J. H. Finlayson, R. Kay-' J. P. Stow, J.P., T. W. Harris, and J. F. Conigrave and K. Allen, Jan., Secretaries. Further lists were handed in, and it appeared that the total amount paid and promised was about £430- It was decided to advertise the fresh donations which had been received, and the meeting adjourned, for a fortnight. Fatal Accident at Nairnh. — A sad accident happened on Friday, August 9, to John Ware, in the employ of Mr. Alfred- Harris, butcher, of Naiice. The man left the shop at about 8 o'clock in the morning with two horses and a cartload of meat for his usual round, and r-hilst going over a rough piece of road at Mordoch'3 Hill the cart capsized, falling across his back! Death must have been almost instantaneous. The body was discovered by a little girl, who immediately apprised some men working near ; but when they arrived at the spot; life must have been extinct more than an hour. Police- trooper Bertram hastened t- the place, and procured means to remove the body to Nairne, where he communi-j cated with two Justices of the Peace, who con-i sidered an inquest unnecessary. Very great sympathy is felt for Ware's widow, which it is; likely will take practical form. The deceased.' was a very steady and industrious young man. j Kbw Thadh Fibji. — An advertisement else-! where notifies that Messrs. G. Phillips k Co.,: Hindley-street, have sold their old- establbhedi book, stationery, and homoeopathic medicine business to Messrs. Dungey, Winwood, and Wood, who will carry it on as heretofore. : Woodvillb IssTrrcTH.— The Adelaide Lieder-, tafel will give a concert to-night at Woodville in ', aid of the funds of the Institute. : Thb Ghost.— This evening Mr. J. H. Rain-, ford will open in his new line of business at White's Booms. His company have received flattering notices in the other colonies, and as the entertainment is a novel and mysterious one it should prove successful. Saturday Evehkg's Coucbrt. — On Saturday last the fourteenth and decidedly the best of the Mayor's popular conceits took place at the ' Town Hall. The artistes were Signor Giorzi, Mrs. George Robertson, Mr. George Robertson, Mr. F. A. Reod, K JLM., and Mr. C. E. Mamme, and as naturally might be expected such an irray of talent attracted an immense audience cf the most appreciative kind. Signor Giorza played on the grand organ selections from 'William Tell,' 'Les Hagueuots,' and ' Stabat Mater,' and an offertory in G of his own composition. The first performance was most admired, but the others merited as much praise, particularly the selection from the 'Stabat Mater,' which, with all Us difficulties, was played by the Signor entirely from memory, and without any one to help him with the stops. Mrs. Robertson, of whom flattering mention was made in connection with Signor GiorzVs recent pianoforte recital and concert, appeared in capital voice, and sang the beautiful and intricate cavatina, ' Come e bello' (' Lucrezu Borgia77). She was deservedly it somewhat in considerately encored, and delighted the audience by responding; but she achieved a greater triumph in her rendition of 'The Vision of St. Cecilia' (with violoncello obbligato by Mr. R«ed), which elicited a perfect storm of applause. Mr. Keed, besides distinguishing himself by the faultless manner in which he ac companied Mrs. Robertson in this selection, gave a fantasia on Scotch airs on the violon cello, and being clamorously encored supple mented his performance with ' The last rose of summer.' Mr. Muuune sang ' My Queen,' bat his voice found better scope in tho u Domine Dens' from the Fifth Mass. He also sing very pleasingly -with Mrs. Robertson iu tho duetto 'Sulla Tomba' (' Lucia diLammermoor'), and was warmly applauded. Babbits. — The Burnt Etcord states thit tile Hallett District Council paid for 119,193 and Mount Bryan for 100,000 rabbit scalps the pist half-year. The unanimous opinion in those dis tricts is that nothing but compulsion will exterminate the pests. The Victorias Lajto Tax.— Tho Arg-u reports that the following illustration respect ing the working of the Land Tax Act in opera tion in Victoria has been supplied to the Assembly : — ' The member for Boroondara is trustee to an estate in which nine children are interested, and which is let at a low but bona fide rental of £9S0 per annum. The land tax is £302 per annum, and the orphans are thus deprived of one-third of their income.' The Local Mrr.mnY Voujstbeb Fobc& — ? On Saturday Sergeant-Ma jor Hanson instructed about 60 men of the artillery in squad and company drill. Lieutenant-Colonel Fitzroy superintended the drilling of A, C, F, and G Companies. D Company ' was engaged in ball practice at the Butts. F Company (Norwood) and G Company (Hindmarsh) were inspected by the Colonel - Commandant. Lieutenant Stewart, who has been lately appointed to the lieutenancy vacant in F Company, deserves a word of praise for the able manner in which h« handled the company whilst under inspection. We notice in general orders thaE A Battery of artillery will furnish one captaiD, two sub alterns, and 40 men to fire a salute of 17 guns from the Parade-ground on the arrival of His Excellency the Governor, which is expected to take place to-day; also O Company, with one field officer, oce captain, and t-^o subalterns with 1C0 men made np from D, F, and G Companies, will form a guard of honour at the Bfailway Station, and the band will also be in attendance. A full day's pay will be allowed to all. 'Eno gnus will be fired from the Parade-ground as a signal for the guard of honour and saluting party to assemble. The captain for ensuing week is Captain Glyde, and the subaltern is Lieutenant Clark. Pbesestatios to Mb. Clark, of the Gbotz stbebt Model Schools. — On Saturday morning the members of Mr. Clark's teachers' singing class met at the G rote- street Model Schools in order to present him with a testimonial and some gifts. The testimonial read as follows : — u To Alexander Clark, Esq., Head Master City Model School, Adelaide — The members of your teachers* singing class feel that they cannot allow the kindness and perseverenee you have shown in the furtherance of the tonis sol fa method of singing into the public schools of this colony to be passed over without some slight expression of gratitude for the same. They are convinced that the instruction you have imparted with such zeal and aptitude has been of immense advantage to the teachers of South Australia, and will be attended with bene ficial results in the schools, through the enlivening effect cast upon the daily duties. Whilst sincerely regretting the discontinuance of the class, they wish you every success in your future endeavours to promote the tonic sol-fa method, and especially beg your acceptance of the accompanying gift. Signed on behalf of the members, Victor I. Pavia, Richard S. Burnard, Annie Burgess, Mary Christie.' The gifts consisted of a handsome silver butter dish, cake basket, and claret jug. Mr. Harry in pre senting them spoke of the high esteem in which Mr. Clark was held by the teachers. Mr. Clark in acknowledgment expressed bis deep gratitude, and said as long as he lived he would remain the true friend of every ysung teacher. Short addresses were given by Messrs. Webb, Neale, and King, and the meeting concluded by singing 'Auld Lang Syne.' Fatal Accidext. — An inquest wa3 held at the Adelaide Hospital on Saturday evening, August 10, by the City Coroner, Mr. T. Ward, -J.P., on the body of Henry Osman, aged 57 years, who was admitted into that institution on the previous evening. Mr. O. Rankine acted as Foreman of the Jury. The evidence showed that deceased, who was manager of Mr. E. M. Bagot's stables at Lockleys, left the Foundry Hotel, Hindley-street, on Friday evening about 5 o'clock, and drove to the Hilton Hotel, where he was seen by Mr. G. Baird, the district con stable, a little the worse for liquor, but still capable of driving his horse and trap. He was next seen by James Cooney, who was riding along the Plympton-road, when his horse shied at some object by the side of the culvert near Formby's gate. He dismounted and found it was deceased lying on bis back insensible, and bleeding from the head. Information was given to several neighbours, and deceased was after wards taken to the Adelaide Hospital. It was also stated that the horse he was driving was very ?* ticklish' in harness, and it was thought that the accident had happened thiougli deceased turning too sharply round the corner of the road, so that the seat tipped out, and deceased went with it. Austin G. Ward, Junior House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, said deceased was admitted about 8.45 on Friday evening. He was insensible and could not be roused, and died at 6.15 on Saturday morning. Made a jjorf-wortanjexamination of the body, and found a compound fracture of the temporal and parietal bones, also a lacerated wound of about two and a half inches in length over the lower jaw, ex tending down to the bone. There was contusion of the left knee and a large extravasation of blood on to the surface of the brain and into the ventricles of the brain. All the other organs were tolerably healthy. The cause of death was fracture of the skull and the extravasation of blood on to and into the brain. These injuries would probably result from a heavy fall from a buggy in motion. The police-trooper in charge, in answer to the Coroner, said that Mr. Chennick, the landlord of the Hilton Hotel, was not at home or he would have been pressnt at the enquiry, but he had ascertained that deceased only had. one glass of ale at that public house. The Jury, without retiring, returned the following verdict: — 'That deceased was accidentally thrown out of his trap on the night of Friday, August 9, on the Plympton-road, near Formby's gate, fracturing his skull and causing his death.' ? The Victoriam Football Club. — This Club, with on energy worthy of imitation, having accepted a challenge to play matches with the Melbourne, Barwon (Geeloug), and other Vic torian Football Clubs, sailed for Melbourne by the Aldinga on Saturday afternoon. The fol lowing are the names of the players: — G. Downs (captain), C. Warren (vice), J. Atkinson, W. KniL A. Frayne,- A. Miller, R. Poole, S. Brown, J. Minnie, W. Osborne, A. Bothwell, W. Solsberg, E. Colbey, H. Mehrtens, B. Mehrtens, W. Stratton, J. Bohlman, A. Shawyer, G. Tolley, and T. Richards. Mr. K. Whitfield also accom panies the team, and will act as umpire. PanuiiVB Methodist Chubch at Eosb wateb. — The ceremony of laying the foun dation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Church for Boaewater took place on Saturday afternoon, August 10. There was a large assembly present, when the Rev. S. Ray mond, pastor of the Circuit, opened the proceedings. He said there could scarcely be two opinions as to the need of a place of wor ship at Rosewater. The large and rapidly increasing population warranted the step taken that day in laying the memorial stone. Some people thought there were too many churches, but he considered that in some instances there should be a wider distribution of them. He hoped the various denominations were becoming wiser in their generation and learning to avoid the collisions of the past. As a denomination the Primitive Methodists had upwards of 100 churches in the colony, capable of accommo dating 14,000 people. The stone was then laid in the time-honoured fashion by Mr. H. C. E. Mnecke, J.P, (Chairman of the Rosewater Dis trict Council), who remarked that he was glad to learn that there was likely to be a Sabbath school established in the neighbourhood, as such would prove a great desideratum, especially in the present day when Bible-teaching was being excluded almost entirely from day schools. The Revs. M. Lloyd (Baptist) and R. Kelly (Bible Christian), and Mr. W. W. Winwoad also addr?sscd the gathering. A tea meeting fol lowed, at which a large number were- present to tea, and the company then dispersed. The building which is being erected is situated on the Grand Junction-road and in a central part of Rosewater. The church L» to be built of stone and will be a facsimile of that lately erected in Port Adelaide. Its dimensions are 26 x 36 x '22 feet, and the style Gothic. Madame Caelotta Tasca.— Acting on behalf of this eminent pianiste, who gave her last re cital in Melbourne on Saturday tight, Mr. R. S. Smvthe has engaged Madame Robertson to assist at the Adelaide concerts. Miss Christian is prevented by her numerous engagements from coming with Madame Tasca, so that the Ade laide public will again be deprived of the pleasure of listening to this charming Eeglish vocalist. ? Fr^fSRAL or Db. Mat*rat;.— The funeral service of the late Dr. Maurau took place at the church, O'Halloran Hill, on Satarday, the 10th instant, the Rev. Mr. Bach officiating. Although no notice of the occasion had been advertised — as the deceased gentleman had expressed a wish that his funeral might be a quiet oas— a great number of persons from all parts of the sur rounding districts assembled to pay the lait tokens of respect to the memory of a gentleman whose invariable kindcess and courtesy had won for him the respect and esteem of all. Amongst those present at the grave were Mr. D. Barker (brother-in-law of the deceased), the Rev. E. K. Miller, Hon. C. Maun, and Me«srs. C. Myles, J. Mann, W. Keynell, T. B. Kelly, J. Harvey, A. T. Harvey, R. Smith, W. Thompson, T. S. Porter, H. Smith, and Jas. Clark. OarESTAL ExmBrnox.— This Exhibition at the Town Hall Exchange- Room continues to be fairly patronised, and will remain open fox some time longer. -. Mb. BoccAtrr*s Speech.— The Sydney Evening Jfrtes, in coEmen ting upon Mr. Boucaufs Budget Speech, says :—' The South Australian Budget Speech is of great importance, as containing the first proposition by an Australian Government to impose an income tax. Mr. Boucaut's states manship is marked by great vigour. He believes in not only dazzling people, bnt in rousing their enthusiasm by the grandeur of his concep tions! He would push forward public works with the vigour of a Vogel. and he would boldly call upon the colonists to find the necessary funds for developing their country. The taxa tion of South Australia is so light that an in crease woedd be easily borne, and, moreover, Mr. Bouraut, like Sir Robert Peel, desires to use the income tax in order to revise the tariff. South Australia is free trade in theory, but pro tectionist in practice, although not to the same extent as Victoria. She still clings to ad valorem duties, which bring in little revenue. By abolishing these Mr. Boucaut may give a great stimulus to industrial activity. The new tax is open to grave objections from many sides ; and no one could witness with pleasure the in troduction to Australia of a tax which has caused so much bitterness in the old country. It has caused lying and perjury on the oue side, and inquisitorial and vexations enquiry on the other; and the only defence for it has been tb.it the tax is a convenient one and cannot at pre sent be dispensed with. Mr. Gladstone promised to do away with it, and Mr. Disraeli replied that 'the Conservative party had always been opposed to it. So the experience of Great Britain in this Riatfer is not favourable. The ' incidence of Mr. Boucaut's scheme, if correctly described in the telegraphic messages, is sirgularly unjust. Investors are to be charged sixpence in the pound on the income derived from their investments, aLd ptrsons in receipt of salaries jover £200 a year are to pay 3d. in the pound. If there is no provision for taxing those engaged in industrial or mercantile pur suits who we making good incomes the Minis terial proposal is not likely to be accepted, for it is manifestly unfair. We shall await fell details with considerable interest, for New Sonth Wales will have to submit to increased taxation ere long, and we may well learn all we can from the experiments of our neighbours.' Gooltta Regatta.— The annual regatta hel J here on Tuesday, August 6, passed off as far as the actual boating went with great success. The various events were well contested, and the weather was all that could be desired for such an occasion. There was a breeze from the north west, which gradually increased, until towards the afternoon it blew sufficiently hard to be pleasant. Port Victor and Milang supplied their contingent ef boats, and thus helped to keep up the spirit of rivalry and add zest to the sport. The principal event for sailing boats, over a course of 10 miles, was won by Captain Tait with a boat he has bad built at the Port for the event. She is as pretty a model of her style of boat as could be desired, and is a great credit to her builder. Tlie steamer Shannon was told off to act as nag ship. The Stewards and Judges gave general satisfaction, the various races being got oil punctually and with, dispatch. The steamer Excelsior arrived during the morning with a party from Milang, returning again at the close of the sports. Unfortunately the Committee allowed one of the publicans to erect a bar for sale of intoxicating liquors on board the flag ship. This considerably marred the pleasure of the proceeding, as towards the afternoon when the pulling matches came on it was very evident that many had imbibed more than was desirable. It is many a day since the town has been dis graced with so much intemperance. Scenes of this kind bring up vividly the necessity for the abolition of the system of permits to pub licans by Justices of the Peace, to the granting of which ou this occasion may be traced seme of the evil. In this case there are three licensed hotels within 250 yards of the wharf where the flagship lay. \ ; New Church at BcRasmE.— For some time past the members of the United Methodist Free Church residing at Burnside have been holding service in Mr. Littlefield's house ; but the accommodation not being sufficient it was decided to build a church on a piece of ground given to the Connexion by Mr. Littlefield. Tenders were issued, that of Mr. Taylor for £350 being accepted. The work has been rapidly carried out, and the church was formally opened on Sunday, August 11, when the Revs. J. W. Bamber and B. P. Mudge preached in it. The building is 30 feet by 25 feet, and built of cut stone. It is well fitted inside, a rostrum beingprovided for the preacher, and the acoustic properties are very good. A tea and public meeting will be held on Wednesday next. ? Dismissal of thb Victorian Chibf Medical Officer. — Referring to the dismissal of Dr. McCrea, who has occupied the position of Chief Medical Officer of Victoria for a great number of years, the Argus writes:— 'The decree has gone forth that Dr. McCrea is to be removed from the Government service ; not that there is any charge against him that he neglects his duty, or that he,has no duty to discharge, but because the powers that be do not like him. He is too strict, it is said, in the cases sent to him officially. As he has to pass men before they can enter the Government service, he is to some slight extent a check upon the exer cise of Ministerial patronage, and while other Governments felt him no encum brance and made no complaints, but, on the contrary, recognised the value of his fidelity to his trust, the present Ministry declines to put up with him. His dismissal appears to be part of a system. In Mr. Thos. Higin botham, Mr. Wardell, Dr. McCrea, Mr. Gordon, and others we had officers of mark, men who were distinguished by faithful asd conscientious service, and their good qualities it seems insures their doom. . . . Dr. McCrea was one of the men who could not be expected to bend, and therefore he must break, and we presume the process will go on until the service has been weeded out, until honour and independence are unknown in it, and each man realizes that his allegiance is not to the country, but to the party in power. The Civil Service has already ' fallen from its high estate,' and to judge from the last instance of reform and the reasons adduced for the step the service seems destined to fall still lower— sa low that no one but a Ministerial protege will' care to be enrolled in its ranks.' Victorias Pjkotectios. — The Protectionist Government in power in Victoria have decided! on a most extraordinary way of supporting their favourite principle. With the view of en-' couraging the establishment of an iron-pipe factory in the colony they recently called for tenders for the supply of 5,000 tons of pipes, but, competition being open to the world, tenders were sent in by the representatives of English firms, the amounts of which were con siderably below that of the Australian Pipe Corapany. This of course did not soit the Government, and they declined to accept any tender. It seems that they have now devised a new scheme for getting over the difficulty with which they were luet. The Argus states :— ' The Government have determined that contracts for 5,000 tons of iron pipes shall shortly be called for, and that this tiue the competition shall be confined to local makers, so that the difference in pi ice between the importer and the local manufacturer shall not be perceived.' : Gbeat Heat ry ExoLAXD.— English news papers state that the weather in England on June 2-3 was hotter than has ever been known in the month of June. At Birmingham the thermometer registered 90' in the shade, being the highest range for 20 years. In London a : shade temperature of 91* was recorded, while at i Nottingham the thermometer rose to 95% and in the west of France to 97°. The temperature in the sun as taken at the Kew Obser vatory slightly exceeded 146°. 'aThe excessive heat,' a Birmingham paper says, ' had a singular effect ou the railway metals between Wigin and Manchester on 'the London and North Western line. Near Pletbridge Station the up line to Manchester was found during the afternoon to be bulging for eight lengths in the vhape of an S, at one point the mefals and sleepers having been bodily moved nearly two feet. The rails appear to have been set too tightly, and on the neat expanding them they had been twisted out of their original coarse.' On the Great Western branch from Rnabon to Dolgelly the metals were expanded by the extraordinary heat to such an extent that the train ran off the line and tiiepassensers received a shaking. Tee Victorias Repoici Bill.— Tha Argus of August 7, referring to a speech made by Mr. Murray Smith, observes that he ' ob]ects to the first portion of the Ministerial Reform Bill that it does worse than sweep tha Council away in connection witk Money Bills. It makes the Upper House give a sham assent. The Hoase is put in the position of a dummy trustee, and in commercial life the dummy trustee is found the most convenient cloak of all for friui and corruption. As to the plebiacitiara, the hon. member heartily endorses tb.8 dictam of Dr. Freeman, quoted in Saturday's Argvs, that it is an appeal from the well informed to the ill informed, and must in the end be subversive of representati?e government.' Thb Iatb Bev. f D. G.; Gotdie' F.&S.;— The last English mail brought intelligence of the death of the Rev. D. G. Goyder, father of Mr. G. W. Goyder, Surveyor-General of this province, at the advanced age of S2 years. The deceased was the author of several works, in cluding a ' Commentary ou the Gospel of St. Matthew,' 'Lectures of Freemasonry,' 'The Prayer of Prayers,' being a series of lectures on the Lord's Prayer, originally delivered at the Kew Church College Chapel, Devonshire-street, London ; ' The Heart,' an illustrated work of a practically devotional character, wliich has run through six editions; 'Swedenborg and his Mission,' in which the author gives a defensive exposition of the exegetical principles of the New (Jerusalem) Church ; ' Spiritual Reflections for Every Day of the Year,' a purely devotional work ; ' Sermons to my Household ;' and 'My Battle for Life; the Autobiography of a Phrenologist.' This last nsmed work is altogether a_ very instructive, entertaining, and even amusing volume. It is evidently the production of a mind that, while conscious ef its own sincerity and integrity of purpose, is untainted by bigotry, and ; it presents a noble example of the triumphs of perseverirg industry in its efforts to sur mount the obstacles which beset its path. The Rev. D. G. Goyder was born in Angel's Court, Pr inces- street, near Westminster Abbey, either on February £9 or March 1, 1786, be was not certain which, and therefore could not tell in 1556 whether lie had at that date seen 15 or 00 birthdays. Being left an orphan by the death of his lather' is 1799 and of his mother six years later, his early career was marked ', by niasy privations and vissisitudes. By the in Euerce of a relative he was admitted to the Westminster School, where he received a fecund education till te was 14 years of age. His' ancle having died intestate he was then apprenticed to an ivory and bone brush maker named Fleming, who appears ? to have been such a very bad master that after three or four years of bis cruel tyranny his apprentice absconded and the former died. ? In 1614 Mr. Goyder began to learn the art of printing under the tuition of his brother, having been previously employed for a short time as a page to a Dutch lady. Iu the mean time he bed been induced by his brother Thomas, who in 1817 was ordained a minister of the New Church, to examine the tenets of that denomination, and after a careful investi gation he was ultimately led to join the Swedenborgian Church. His ordination took place November 3, 1S22. Hence at his death he had been officially connected with the Kew Chureh more than 55 years. He laboured assiduously in his early life in disseminating a knowledge of the Pestalozrian system of education, and he was appointed as a ttecher of it at Bristol. He was married ion the 11th of February, 1821. The Rev. Mr. Goyder was first induced to examine the claims of phrenology to be ranked amongst the sciences by a lady, and he subsequently gave a number of lectures in its defence. At an early age symptoms of deafness mani fested themselves, which he attributes to the brutality of Fleming, who on the slightest pro vocation was in the habit of beating him merci lessly about the head. Later in life the Rev. Mr. Goyder became very deaf, and like Beet hoven, who suffered from the same calamity, he felt it the more severely on account of bis knowledge and love of music. ? St. Pattl's, Poet Prars. — Some time ago Mr. . C. B. Youug gave £100 to this Missionary Church on condition that the money should be expended on immediate improvements. A loan was agreed to at the Easter Vestry to supple ment Mr. Young's handsome gift, and tho total gum, £200, has been employed in adding, a chancel, vestry, organ chamber and porch to the former wooden building. By subscriptions, au altar-table, lectern, kneeling-boards and! a bell have been supplied. On Wednesday, August 7, the additions and appointments were dedicated by the Rev. R. B. Webb, MA-, of CJare. The hymn, 'Holy^ Holy, Holy,' from ' Hymns Ancient and Modern,' was sung, aijd the dedicatory prayers were then said. After the Byiiiu 320 followed clioral evening prayer, . the special Psalms chanted being 27, 122, and 150\. The prayers were intoned by the Curate ia charge, Rev. F. T. Whitington. The Rev. R. B. Webb read the lessons, 1 Kings viii. 22-26, and Rev. xxi., and preached from 1 Chron. xxix. 9\. The preacher commented on the selfishness which entered into, the religion of modern times, and contrasted it with the pure devotion which characterized David's preparation for building the Temple. In these later days the ennobling ideas of humble gratitude and adora tion were, he thought, almost lost in the pro minence given to -prayer for personal benefits. At the close of the sermon the offertory Hymn 370 was sung, during which the alms were collected. The service closed with the Bene diction pronounced by the preacher. On Thurs day morning at 8 o'clock the Holy Communion was celebrated. .« .--?? * -.--:?. i ? Scez Mail Sehvice.— The Argus says that no direct steps have yet been taken by the Govern ment of Victoria with regard to inviting tenders for the Snez mail service on the termination of the present contract. The Chief Secretary, however, is of opinion that the recent decision of the Imperial Government to charge for the conveyance of the mails beyond Galle leaves the postal question in a most unsatisfactory condition, inasmuch as it increases the net cost of the service from £15,000 per annum to £25,000 per annum. , A Spirit Stout.— A contemporary Bays:— ' A good story comes to us from America. A spiritualistic seance was being held, at which it was announced that the spirit of William Shak speare would pass through the room. A sceptic took a handful of tin tacks to the meeting-place and quietly sprinkled them over the floor. The solemn moment came, a ghostly form entered, and took a noiseless stride forward. There was a slight shiver in the white object, and a muttered noise was heard ; a second step fol lowed, not quite so stately, and another muffled ejaculation; but at the third stride Shak speare's disembodied form sat plump down upon the floor and swore like the British army in Flanders. Tableau P* j Eabl Russell.— The Italian correspondent of the Argus, writing from Rome, gives the following curious anecdote of the present Earl| Russell, who at present is 1 years of age:—! 'He was at Rome about foot years ago with his: parents, Lord and Lady Amberley, both since! dead; and on one occasion was out in the town! with them when they were purposing to dine at] some famous restaurant in the city. Little; Frank, however, was guilty of some 'naughti-1 ness' or other, I forgot what, whereupon Lidy ' Amberley, a strict disciplinarian, said, 'Now,; Frank, you cannot dine with us. You must go home, and go without your dinner.' And Franki went off on his way home. On coming! home in the evening Lady Amberly asked! him how he had got on, and whether he' was very hungry. 'Oh, I had some dinner,! mamma ; I had two oranges.' ' And where did i you get two oranges, Frauk?' ' Oh, I saw a | man in the street who was selling oranges ; and j be was buying ends of cigars from boys who picked them up— [a very common and well-; known industry in Italy] — and so I looked about till I picked up cigar ends enough to change \ for two oranges !' A strange episode enough in ; the life of the heir to an English earldom, bat one, ' if I mistake not, that gives very unmistakable ( promise of more than one quality that may, duly i seconded by circumstance and opportunity, lead ' to greatness.' - j As Exthaobdikaky Exde.— An English coa-j temporary says:— 'A ride of 305 miles in 15 1 hours is a feat of some magnitude. It has been j recently performed in New York by Francisco ?; Peralto, a Mexican, and the circumstances under j which the performance took place are worth ] calling attention to. It was one of the stipu- \ lationsof an officer of a certain Society— which ' presumably corresponds to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals — that at least - 40 horses should be provided. Thirty-four horses ; and six mustangs were accordingly in readiness, : ten being prepared for immediate use by the side of the judges' stand. The horseman changed horses at the end of each mile, and such was his ' agility and celerity that, we axe informed, he ; sometimes sprang from the back of one horse to another without touching the ground, and never occupied more than four .seconds between the stopping of one animal and the starting of another. Commencing his rule at 4 ojn., by S.2S Peralto had got over 100 miles. Here a nine minutes' rest was snatched, while again at 941 the rider stayed 24 minutes for breakfast. At noon there was another 20 minutes' stoppage, and at 3 o'clock there was an interval of rest for 11 minutes. Peralto bad undertaken to accom plish thb task in 15 hours, but he was within the tiine, having 29 minutes to spare. The fastest mile was the 154th, which was covered in 2 min. 10 sec. It is no woader that at the end of the performance Peralto should be found to have lost nearly 10 lbs. in weight, and that his poise was np to 140.' Post Adelaide Yottsq Men's Society.— An advertisement intimates that this Association will devote tfceir attention to Parliamentary 