— :o: ' macbeth.. ' Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- I ist, and Avho has. written most ably on the subje'ct of " Macbeth," charactor- ' iscs it as " a drama of gigantic crime , and terror relieved by the most mng- nificent imaginative expression," yet marked with great simplicity of general I design. The date of the pioluction of , the piece is set by Fumival at 1605-6, and"we may take it f( r granted," . says Kenny, '' that it -was written in the time ' of James the First, who > ascended the throne March, 1603, as it ; contains' an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene I, and also a ) complimentary reference to him in an other part. Tlie material for the play ' was found by Shakespeare in Holin- f shed's History of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." ' The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- f sented to have been cousins ; the first a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- f sitioii, and the latter " so soft and ) gentle in his nature that the people wi.slicci the inclination and manners of y the two to havs been so tcmjicrcd and . interchangeably shared betwixt them- that where the one had too mucli of ) clemency and tlie other of cruelty, the w main virtue bclween these two extre mities might htivo reigned ' by indifler- ) cut partition in them botii. The play V all along keciK. close to the line of ' Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the 11011- . appearance in the 'banquet scene of the murdered Banquo's ghost." 3 This tragedy has been iresented in Melbourne we believe oftener than any ' other of Shake.spcare's works. The late G; V. Brooke, Charles Kean, Charles Vincent, in their time cosayed f the part, snd Ave ha\'c had other repre- sentatiA'cs, from the burly McKean .' Buchanan and Jame-i Anderson to the / little dapper J. B. Howe. But few artists have made their Melbourne del»(t in the rule of the Thane of Caw- ) dor. Of those who have, Ave now call ; to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mns. Charles fPooie . sujjporting thim'; as Ladii.. Macr; 'Vaifi, Mr! Henry EdAvairds as Maoduff, A Mrs. Winterbottom as 'Maleolm,- and > the principal singing Avitches Avere Mrs.- Hancock and the late Julia MatthcAvs. ( Previous te that, on Aug.'2S« 1858, at . the same theatre, there burst, upon the tlieatrical firmament an !A.ustralian ( Roscius, Master Edward Pole, aged . 14\. He also played the part; Avhich as a feat of ' memory ,Avas extremely won- ( . derful. ,'This gentleman has long left . ; the stage and become a " family man," and now follows the prosaic business 'of a thriving papcrhanger. ' ' / At the time of tlie " Ghost" sensa- ' tion in' Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy J Avas revived to be produced Avitli "Pep- '. per's ghost effects," Avhich Avere an- , nbunced as" combining the . real Avitli. ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- cal, the positive and the illusory," Avith ' thirteen ghosts. This Avas at the Hay- < market Theatre, August 22, lS63,Avhen under the management of the late ' . James Simmonds. The part of Mao- ( heth AA'as alternately played by klessrs. R. Yoimge and Henry EdAvards, the ' LadyMuchethv/as 'hy the late charm- , ing Annie Lockhart. ; ; It Avas in the part Of the " Thane's ' \- guilty Avife" that Miss Goddard (Mrs. ( Capel) made her boAV before a Mel- . bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal,' ' August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke '( appealing as Macbeth. The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by t tAvo difl'erent companies at an intei-val ' ,,of tAvelve;yc|irs, .- The first production'/ Avasnt?. the Theatre Royal, .September; ( 8,.-l8.)0, Avith the Bianchi Opera (,om- ' p: hy; ! Signora Bianchi undertook the',' i m'usicLqf:L</Yii/,,-Maci<!if//.,'Sign6r'Bianchi .MrtcrZi/;//', Emile Coulon 'Maeheth,jQ\\\\\\\ / Gregg JJatiqvo, AValter ShcrAvin Mai- ' cbtui-: and Mr.' John Winterbottom Avasi 'j conductor of the orchestra. The se- 1 cond time the Opera Avas revived Avas ' at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W! S. Lystef and Cagli. The title rule Q.lacheth) AA'as allotted to Signer ( Touincrie, Maodiif to Signer Leandro Coy, 'Bdhqvo to Signor Dondi, Ma2- coliii to Signor Benso, .PAy,9icia/j. to ( Signor Favas, Gentlewdmdn to Signora , . Touraerie, and Lrtiy to Sig- ; liora Zenoni. " " ( 