' . : .MACBETH. ' Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- I ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charactof- ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime w and terror relieved by the most mag- mhcent imaginative expression,.' yet > ..marked with great simplicity of general ) design. The date of the production of the piece is set by Funiival at .1605-6, ) and "we may. take it for granted," V says Kenny, "that it was. written in ' the time of James the' First, 'who' ) ascended the Ihrbiie March,'. 1603,' as it coniams an evicient aiiusion to uiac '' : monarch' in act, iv. scene , I, , and also a ) complimentaiy rcfcreiice to him hi ah- , ; other part. . The material for the play was found by ' Shakesp'eare in Holih- 1 shed's History of Scotland, where the C story of Macbeth is told at page 168." / The Macbeth and Duncan are- lepre- \ sented to have been cousins ; , the first ( a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter " so soft and ) gentle in his nature th.nt the people ( wished the inclination and manners of j the two to have been so tempered and > intGrchangeably shared betwixt them f that where the one had too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the \ main virtue bet ween these two extre- ( mities might have reigned by indiffer- ) ent partition in them both. The play \ all along keeps close to the line of ( Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the non- appearance in the banquet scene of the ( murdered Banqiio's ghost." ) This tragedy has been presented in ( Melbourne Ave believe oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's Avorks. The \ late 'G. ,V. Brooke, Charles Kean Y Charles Vincent, in their time essayed ) the part, and Ave have had other repre- \ senta lives, from the burly McKean: ( Buchanan and James Anderson to the / little dapper J. B. Hoavc. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne ( dehvt in the r6le of the. Thane of Caw- ) dor. Of those Avho have, Ave now call J to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- atrC iRoyal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Poole pujjjpbrling him as S| 'Z'«if/(rM»'-''rii:hrylE'dAvards as M.acavff , ( Airs. Winterbottom'- 'as Malcolmi anU / the principal singing Avitches Ayere.Mrs. A Hancock and "the. late Jiilia Alatthews. f Previous t0 that, on Aug..-2Sfl858, at ) the same theatre,.- there ;-bufs't upon the \ theatrical 2'FVra'ament ; 'ah'S Australian ( Roscius, Master Edwara Pole.'iaged" j - 14\. He also played the part, 'which as Y> -a feat , of memory was extremely-Avon-j f deriul.' /This gentleman ; has long left' »: tlie stage. and become a 'f fainily man;"i f and' noAV follows the ; prosaic 'business f of a thriving 'paperhanger. ' ; '7, , - J At the time of .the " Ghost" sensa- \ tion in Melbourne;. in 1863, this tragedy ( ' av!is revived;to.be produced with 't Pep- J pel's ghost - effects," Avliich Avere r an- \ nounced as " combining the real Avith ( the ideal, the scientific and'thalpoeti- ) . cal, the positive 'and the illusoryi'-'-Avith \ thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- f market Theatre, August 22, l863,Avhen i under the management- -of the late y James Simmonds. "The part of Mao- ( 'heth was alternately played by Messrs. 1 R. Younge and Henry Edward.s, the < Lady Maohoth was by the late charm- ( ing Annie Lockhart. 1 It Avas in the part of the "Thane's v guilty. Avifc" tliat Miss Goddard (Mrs. (l Capel) made her bow before a Mel- j bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, . August 24, 1857, the. late G. V. Brooke ( . appealing as Macheth. j 1 The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, 7 has -ibceii , presented in Alelbourne by ( two different cpmpanies.at an interval ) of twelve ye.ars2 The first production "Avas at the Theatre Royal, September ( : 8, i860, Avith., the Eianclii .Opera (yOm- i pahy. ' Signofa Bianchi undertook the . ; Iwiusic ofLady Macbeth, Sigiior Bianphi ( Maednff, Emile Coiilon Macbeth, John a ' " CvparcT Walter Sherwin ( colm and Mr John Winterbottom Avas conductor of the orchestra. The se- 1 cond time the Opera was revived Ay'as C at; the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. / W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The tide » vSle M'lobeth) Avas'"allotte'di 'to Signor -r f ounierie, Maadiijf to Signor Leandro / Coy yBanquo, to . Signor Dpndi, Mai- j eolm' to Signor ' Bensb, 'Hhymcian 'to ( Signor Favas; Gentlcivoinaii to Signora ) "Touriierie, and'liatJy Macbeth to Sig- \ nora Zeiioni. .. : . v ; C !Q: C 