£6 /Ufcy Mieidrm^. ? ; ? »_ ?'?? MAGLE6D1 GF DARE.* r'!i By WILLIAM BLACE, Atjthop. or ' The Princess of Thule,' &c.; Chapter XXyilL-r-A Di3«iOS0HH, And now he was all eagerness to bravo the first dragon in his way — the certain opposition of this proud old lady at Castle Pare. No doubt she Mould stand aghast at the mere mention of Etich a thing ; perhaps in her sudden indignation she might utter sharp words that would rankle after wards in tho memory. In any case he knew the struggle would be long, and bittor, and haras* sing: and he had not the skill of speech to persuasively bend a woman's will. There was another way— impossible, alas ! — ho had thought of. If only he coald have taken Gertrude White by the hand—if only he could have led her up the hall, and presented her to his mother, and said, ' Mother, this is your daughter ; is she not fit to bo the daughter of bo proud a mother ?'— the fight would havo been over. How conld any one 'withstand the appeal of those fearless and tender clear oyes? Impatiently he waited for the end of dinner on the evening of his arrival ; impatiently he heard Donald, the piper lad, play tho brave salute — tho wild shrill yell overcoming the low thunder of tho Atlantic outside ; and ho paid but little attention to the old and familiar C'umhadh na Cloinnc. Then Hamish put the wbiaky and the claret on the' table ; and withdrew. Thoy were loft alone. 'And now, Keith,' said his cousin Janet, with the wise groy eyes grown cheerful and kind, ' you will toll us about all tho people you saw in London ; and was there much gaiety going on ; and did you Bee the Queen at all; and did you give any fine dinners V ' How can I answer you all at once, Janet ?' said he, laughing in a somewhat nervous way. 'I did not see tho Qrteen, for she was at Windsor : and I did not givo any fine dinners, and indeed I spent enough money in that way, when I was in London before. But I saw several of the friends who wero very kind to me when I was in London in the summer. And do you remember, Janet, my speaking to you about the beautiful young lady— the actress— I met at tho house of Colonel Boss of Duntorme ?' ? ' Oh, yes, I romember very. well.' 'Because,' said ho— and his fingers wero rather nervous as ho took out a package from his breast- pocket — ' I havo got some photo graphs of her for the mother and you to see. But it is little of any one that you can under stand from photographs. You would have to hoar her talk, and see her manner, before you could understand why every one speaks so well of her, and why she is a friend with every ono 11 He had handed the packet to his mother, and tho old lady had adjusted her oye- glasses,and was turning over tho various photographs] ' She i3 very good- looking,' said Lady Macleod. ' Oh yes, she ia very good-lookiDg. And that is her sister?' 'Yes.' Janet was looking over them too.' 'But whero did you get all tho photographs other, Keith?' she said. 'They are from all sorts of places— Scarborough, Newcastle, Brigh ton ? ' . ' I got them from herself,' said be.' ' Ob, do you know Her so well ?' 'I know her very well. She was the most intimate friend of the peoplo whose acquaintance I first made in London,' he Baid, simply; and thon he turned to his mother : ' I wish photo graphs could spoak, mother, for then you might make her acquaintance, and a3 she is coming to the Highlands next year — — ' / 'Wo have no theatre in Mull, Keith,' Lady Macleod said, with a smile. - ' But by that time she will not be an aclrcss at all: did I not tell you that before?' 'he Baid, eagerly. 'Did I not tell you that? She is going to leave the stage— perhaps sooner or later, but certainly by that time ; and when sho comes to the Highlands next year with her father, she will be travelling just like any one else. And I hope, mother, you won't let them think that we Highlanders are less hospitable than the peoplo of London.' He made tho suggestion in an apparently care less fashion j but there waa a painfully anxious look in his oyos. Janet noticed that. ' It would be strange if they were to come to bo unfrequented a place as the west of Mull,' said Lady Macleod, somewhat coldly, as she put tho photocraphs aside. ' But I hava told them all about tho place, and what they will see ; and they are eagerly lookiDg forward to it; and you ^apely would not have them put up at the inn at Bunessan, mother V 'Eeally, Keith, I think you havo been im prudent. It waa littlo matter our roceiving a bachelor friond like Norman Ogilvie ; but I don't think we are quite in a condition to entertain strangere at Dare.' 'No one objected to me aa a Btrangor when I went to London,' said he, proudly. 'If they are anywhere in the neighborhood,' said Lady Macleod, 'I should bo pleased to show them all the attention in my power,- as you say the? wero friendly with you in London ; but really, Keith, I don't think you can aak me to in vito two strangers to Dare ? ' 'Thon it is to tho inn at Buneasan thoy muBt go?' he asked. ' Now, auntio,' oaid Janet Macleod, with her gentle voice, 'you are not going to put poor ?Published by special arrangement wi;h the author. All rights reserved! Keith; into a fix ; I know yon won't do that. I soo the whole thing ; it ib all because Koith was so thorough ft Highlander. They wore- talking about Scotland ; and no doubt ho said there was nothing in tbd country to be compared with onr islands, and caves, and cliffs. And then they spoko of coming ; and of courso ho threw open tho doors of the house to them. Ho would not havo been a Highlander if ho had done anything else, auntio ; and I know jou won't bo tho ono to make him break oil an invitation. And if wo cannot give thorn grand entortainmonta at Daro, we can givo them a Highland wolcomo anyway.' This appeal to tho Highland pride of tho mother was not to be withstood. ' Vory well, Koith,' said she. ' Wo shall do what wo can for your f rionds ; though it isn't much in this old place.' 'Sho will not look at it that way,' ho said eagerly, ' I know that. Sho will bo proud to meet you, mother ; and to shake hands with you ; and to go about with you, and do juat whatover you are doing ? ' Lady Macleod. started. ' How long do you propose this visit should last?' she said. 'Oh, I don't know,' said he, hastily. 'But you know, ' mother, you would not hurry your guests ; for I am sure you would bo as proud as any one to show them that we have things worth Booing. Wo thould take her to the cathedral at Iona on somo moonlight night : and then some day wo could go out to the Dubh Artach light houBO-^and you know how the men aro delighted to see a now face ? ' ' You would never think of that, Keith,' his cousin said. 'Do you think a London young lady would havo tho courage to bo swung on to the rocks and to climb up all tho3e.Bteps outside?' 'Sho has the courage for that or for any thing,' said ho. 'And, thon, you know sho would bo greatly interested in the clouds of puffins and the skarts behind Staffa ; and we would take her to tho great caves ia the cliffs at Gribun ; and I havo no doubt she would liko to go out to one of the uninhabited islands.' Lady Macleod had preserved a stern silence. When sho had so far yielded as to promise to ask these two strangors to como to Castle Dare on their round of tho wostera islands, she had taken it for granted that their visit would necessarily be of tho briefest; but tho projects of which Keith Macleod now spoke seemed to suggest somothing like a summer passed at Dare. And ho went on talking in this Btroin, nervously delighted with the pictures that each promised excursion called up. Miss White would bo charmed with this, and delighted with that. Janet would find her eo pleasant a companion ; the mother would be inclined to pot hor at first sight. 'Sho is already anxious to make your ac quaintance, mother,' said ho to tho proud old dame who sat thoro ominously silont. ' And sbo could think of no other message to send to you than this— it belonged to hor mother.' He oponed tho littlo package— of old laco, or something of that kind— and handed it to his mother ; and at tho same time, his impotuosity carrying him on, he said that perhaps tho lnothor, would write now and proposo the visit in tho summer. At this Lady Macleod's surpriso ovorcamo hor reserve. 'You must bo mad, Keith ! To write in the middle of winter and send an invitation for tho summer ! And really the whole thing is so ex traordinary — a present coming to mo from an absolute stranger — and that stranger an actress who is quite unknown to any ono I know ? ' 'Mother, mother,' ho cried, ' don't eay any more. Sho has promieod to be my wife.' Lady Macleod stared at him— as if to bco whether he had really gono mad ; and rose, and pushed back her chair. 'Keith,' she Baid, slowly, and with a cold dignity, ' when you choose a wife, I hope. I will be the first to wolcomo her ; and I shall bo proud to seo you with a wife worthy of tho namo that you bear; but in tho meantime I do not think that such a subject should bo mado tho occasion of a foolish jest.' And with that Bho left tho apartment : and Keith Macleod turned in a bewildered sort of fashion to his cousin. Janet Macleod had risen too; she was regarding him with anxiouB and troubled and tendor eyea. ' Janet,' Baid he, ' it is no jest at all !' ' I know that,' aaid she, in a low voice, and her face was aomowhat pale. ' I havo known that. I knew it before you wont away to Eng land this last time.' And suddenly sho went over to him, and bravely field out hor hand ; and thoro wore quick tears in the beautiful grey eyes. ' Keith,' said sho, 'there is no ono, will bo more proud to see you happy than I ; and I will do what I can for you now, if you will lot mo ; for I see your whole heart is sot on it ; and how can I doubfc that you havo chosen a good wife ?' ' Oh, Janet, if you could only seo her and know her.' Sho turned aside for a momont— only for a moment. Whon ho noxt saw hor face it waa quite qay. ' You muBt know, Koilh,' said sho, with a smile shining through tho toars of the friendly eyoB, ' that women-folk aro vory joaloua j and all of a Budden you como to auntio and me, and tell us that a stranger has taken away your heart from us and from Daro ; and you must expect us to bo angry and rosentful juat a littlo bit at first.'. ' I never could expect that from you, Janet,' said ho. ' I know that waB always impo3siblo from you.' ' As for auntio, then,' sho Baid warmly, 'is it not natural that sho should bo surprised and perhaps offendod ? ' 'But buo says she does not believo it— that I am making a jokoof it ? ' ' Tiiat ia her only way of protesting, you know,' said the wiso cousin. 'And you muet expect her to bo angry and obdurate ; because woraon havo their prejudices, you know, Keith ; and this young lady— well it is a pity sho is not known to someone auntie knov/s.' ?' Sho is known to Norman Ogilvio, and to dozens of Norman Ogilvie's friends, and Major Stewart has Been her,' said ho quickly ; and then ho drew back. ' But that ia nothing. . I do not chooso to have any one to vouch for her.' 'I know that; I understand that, Reitb,^ Janet Macleod said, gently. 'It is onoogbjfoi mo that you havo chosen her to bo your wife } I know you would chooso a good woman to be your wife ; and it will bo enough for your mother - whon she comes to reflect. Bat you must bo pa» tient.' ' Patient I would bo, if it concerned lnyBolf alone,' Baid ho, ' but tho reiloctiou— the inaul) of the-doubt ? ' hv 'Now, now, Keith,' said she, 'don't lob tllQ hot blood of the Macloods get tho bettor of yon.' You must bo patient and considerate. If you will sit down now quietly, and toll mo all about the. young lady, I will be your ambassador if yofl liko ; and I think I will bo ablo to perauado auntio.' . J ' I wonder if there ever was any woman aa kind as you aro, Janet ?' said he, looking at tea with a sort of wondering admiration. '? }? ' You must not say that any moro now,' ah6 said, with a smile. 'You must considor tho young lady you havo choson as perfection in all things. And this is a small matter. If auntie is difficult to persuade, and should protest, and so forth, what sho says will not hurt me, whosoasift might hurt you vory sorely. And now you will tell mo all about the young lady ; for I musthav^ ? my hands full of arguments when I go to youi , mother.' ' .? :*v And so this Court of Inquiry waa formed ; with ono witeosa not altogether unprejudiced in giving his evidence ; and with a judgo ready to become tho accomplice of tho witness at any point. Some* how Macleod avoidod spooking of Qortrudo White's appearance. Janot was rather a plain woman— despito those tendor Celtio oyos. He spokorather of hor filial duty and her Biatevly a£« fection ; ho minutely describodhor qualitioa as a housc-mistroBS ; and ho was enthusiastic about tha heroism she had shown in determining to throw aside the glittpring triumphs of her dalling to livo a simpler and wholesomer life. That passage in the career of Gertrude Whilo somewhat puazlad Janet Macleod, If it wero tho case that tho am bitions and jealousies and simulated emotionBof a life dovoted to art had a demoralising and tie*! ' grading effect on tho character, why had not .the ?young lady made tho discovery a littlo earlier f What was the roason of her very sudden convor* sion 1 It was no doubt very noble on her part, i£ Bho really were convinced that this continual Btirring up of sentiment without leading toprac' tical issues had an unwholesome influence on hor woman's natnro, to voluntarily surrender all tha intoxication of success, with its praises and flat* teries. But why was tho change in her opinions. bo sudden ? According to Macleod's own account, Miss Qortrudo White, when ho first went up to London, was wholly given over to tho ambition of succeeding in her profession. Bho waa thon. tha ' whito slave.' Sho made no protest againat tho repeatedly-announced thoorios of her fathoB to tho effect that an artiut ceased to liya for himself or herself, and becamo meroly a ... medium for tho expression of tho emotions ol others. Perhaps the gentle cousin Janot would have had a clearer view of tho whole cose it Bho had known tb at Miss Gertrude- White's awakening doubts as to tho wholesomoue33 of simulated emo tions, on the human soul woro strictly coincident in point of time- with hnr conviction that .at any moment she pleased sho might call herself Lad; Macleod. ? With all tho art ho know ho described the boail« tiful small courtesies and tontlor ways of 'the little household at Rose Bank ; and ho mado it appear tbat this young lady, brought up amid tho sweet observances of the south, was making an enormous sacrifice in offering to brave, for his sake, the transference to tho harder and lumber ways of tho north, 'And, you know, Keith, sho speaks a good deal for herself,' Janot Macleod said, turning ove» tho photographs, and looking at thorn perhaps a little wistfully. ' It is a protty face. It must make many friends for her. If she were Iiexo hereolf now, I don't think auntio would hold' oat for a moment.' ' That is what I know,' said he, eagerly. ' That is why I am anxious sho should comqhore. And if it wero only possible to bring her now, thcro would bo no moro trouble ; and I think wo - could get hor to leavo tho stage— at least I would try. But how could we ask hor to Daro in the winter-timo? Tho sea and the rain would frighten her, and sho would never consent to live here. And perhaps she needs timo to quite make up hor min 1 ; she said sho would educata herself all the winter through, and that when I saw her again, sho would be a thorough High landwoman. Tbat shown yott how willing Bho is to make any sacrifice, if slio thinks it right.' ' But if sho is so convincad,' said Janet* doubtfully, ' that Bbo ought to leave tho stage, why doets Bho nob do so at onco? Yon say hor father has enough money to support the family?' ' Oh, ycH, ho has,' said Macleod, and then n* addod, with some hesitation, ' Well, Janet, I did not liko to press that. She has already granted mosomuch. But I might ask her.' At this momont Lady Macleod's maid cam* into tho hall and said that her mistress wished to see Miss Macleod. ' Perhaps auntie thinks I am conspiring witn you, Keith,' she said, laughing, whon tho girl bad gone. ' Well, you will leave tho whole thing in my hands ; and I will do what I can. And bfl p&tient; and reasonable, Keith, even if yota mother won't hear of it for a day or two. We women aro vory prejudiced against each other, you know ; and wo have quick tempers', and wo want a little coaxing and 'persuasion— tttaf 13 all.' ' You havo always been a good friasul to mei Janot,' ho said. ' And I hope it will all tarn out for your bap* piness, Keith,' she Raid, geafcly, as she left. But as for Lady Macleod, when Janet roachod tho room, tho haughty old dame was ?' neither to hold nor to bind.' Thore was nothing Bho would not have done for this favorite son of hers but this one thing. Give hor consent to such a marriage ? The ghosts of all tho Macleoda C§ Dare would call shame on her ! ' Oh, auntio,' said the patient Janet, ' bo bes v been a good eon to you. And you must ha-?9 known ho would marry some day.' 'i Marry 7' said the old lady, and elio turned a quick eyo on Janet herself. ' I was anxious to gee him married. And when he was choosing a trifo I think ho might have looked neater homo, jTanet.' 'What a wild night it. is !' said Janet Mac jeod quickly— and she went jlor a moment to tho window. 'The Dunara. will be coming round ihe Mull of Oantire just about now. And where ia the present, auntio,' that tho young lady sent you ? You must write and thank .her for that, at all events ; and shall if write' tho letter for you in tho morning ?' .-'';? ? . i .? 