A Christinas Pantomime. By THE EDITOE. My Uncle Trotman did not treat us harshly. By ' us,' I mean myself and my cousin Samuel. My Uncle Trotman was in the oil and colour line, and also of late years had added artists' materials to hia stock, and did a little in the picture-broking way. He was considered, I believe — not that these things troubled me much at the time — a warm man. His regular business was that of decorative painter. Sam and I were annrenticed to him. but with this difference that Sam, who was my Uncle Trotman's brother's son, had nearly served his time, having been with Uncle Trotman ever since his father died, six years before. As for me, I was not a Trotman. My father had been an artist, and had married Mr. Trot* man's sister. When my father died he had. left to my mother the reversion of a reasonable life annuity, which had enabled her to keep me at school till I had turned seventeen. After that I had a year's idleness making Up my mind, or rather not making my mind up at all, as to -what profession I should choose. So -when my poor mother died, and her annuity expired with her, my mind -was still in a state of deferred construction. I dabbled in Art, and had also -written some verses, ?which my mother considered to have the true ring of genius, and a small edition of which a pub lisher of the highest taste had, on these indications of dawning genius being submitted to him, volunteered to publish for £70, paid in advance. My mother and I were well aware that fame, an immense sale, and rapid prosperity would assuredly follow publication, but the annuity would not stand £70 cash down, and we ascertained by experience that publishers whose taste was equal to publishing at their own risk (even when offered a full half of the assured profits) were not easily to be found. But, of course, we were not surprised at that. Almost all our favourite authors — take Thackeray for instance — have shown that publishers, as a class, are mere clods, dull mechanical tradespeople, who never recognise genius till its existence is thrust down their throats by the acclamations of the multitude. We comforted our selves a good deal (my mother and I) by considering the bitter regrets which would ring those dull, and often derisive, persons to whom my works — we always spoke of these verses as my 'works' — had been submitted, when my day should come and all England ring with the name of the new and brilliant poet. By-the-bye, I think I have not yet mentioned my name — Robert Landell, at your service. Well, when my poor mother died, all my property consisted of my ' works ' in manuscript, and sundry paintings in oil, copies of some by my father, which had to be sold to pay funeral expenses. These copies of mine were offered at the sale also, but I bought them in for a mere song — less, in fact, than the frames and canvas had cost me — and I remember that I was deeply touched at what I regarded as a delicate attention of the persons present at the sale in refraining from bidding against an orphan and a youth of genius for the first fruits of his pencil. It was the auctioneer who gave me to understand that this was the reason of my securing them so cheap ; but I remember now that he winked to his clerk, and the endorsement of his sentiments on the part of the Jew brokers who attended the sale was more bois terous and jocular than consisted with such delicacy of sentiment towards orphaned genius. The auc tioneer was a Jew also, and I can recollect that when I feelingly expressed my sentiments on the subject of his kindness to my cousin Sam, who was present at the sale, remarking that such kindness was unusual from one of the race to which Shylock had belonged, Sam said that it was a Jew d' esprit. My Uncle Trotman had been really attached to my mother, but there had been some coolness between them, owing principally, I believe, to a sarcastic manner he had of referring to my pictures and my 'works.' He had gone so far on one occasion as to speak of the first as ' daubs,' and of the latter as 'balderdash,' and had been almost rude to my mother when she applied to him to advance the £70 which the solitary appreciative publisher had stipu lated to have 'down' before printing an edition. Nevertheless he took me to his house after the funeral, and for a month treated me with real con sideration. At the conclusion of that period, and about the time when I had got rather tired of inditing laments, and had made some progress with a philosophic poem in the style of Young's 'Night Thoughts,' and had branched off into an ode (to Jemima — Uncle Trotman's good-looking housemaid), he came into the parlour where I was writing and broached the subject of my future career. It was rather a dingy room that parlour, and it recurs to me that there was a blotch on the ceiling, due to Jemima having upset a bed-room jug overhead. I was engaged in eyeing that blotch, in poetic abstraction', and despite the direct connection betwixt it and Jemima, was finding it very barren of inspiration, when my uncle entered, and occasioned my suddenly snatching the blotting paper to conceal my ode, thereby overturning my ink bottle and spilling its contents. My uncle looked a little grim, and mut tered something about it being small odds which method I took of scattering good ink, btit when he addressed himself to me, his first words were : — 'Well, Bob, you'll have to be putting your 1 shoulder to the wheel directly. You have your way to make in the world. How do you intend to do it ? Let's have your own ideas, my boy.' I was not altogether unprepared for the question. In fact the subject had frequently been discussed between my mother and myself. Taking advantage of :. an expression used by my uncle, I replied — ' You have just hit it, Uncle Trotter. I propose to let you have my ideas, and not only to let you have them but also the whole world. Here, uncle, are some of my ideas woven into a form which I think will secure for me not only a living but some measure of fame.' With these words I hastily handed to my uncle a sheet of manuscript containing the opening of my masterpiece, the philosophical poem, and awaited the impression which a perusal of this — the crowning . glory of my muse — would surely have even upon an uncle ordinarily difficult to please. The expression of my uncle's face was not encourag ing as he took the sheet from my hand. But I had not expected that it would be. He was prejudiced, I knew ; I simply relied on the superior merit of this latest of my productions, the outpourings of a heart wrought upon by recent and deep affliction, to change his opinions, and enlighten him as to the reality of the talents he had so long refused to recognise. I was delighted to Bee his face, from an expression of impatience change to unmistakable astonishment ; but I was utterly taken aback to observe astonish ment give place to indignation and contempt ; and when at length my uncle burst out into an angry fit of laughter I could stand it no longer, but starting up, demanded what he saw in the early efforts of a natural poet to induce frim thus to insult misfortune. Instead of replying my uncle coolly began to recite from my manuscript — Eelfenting fate, fatigued -with \coes, Has softened at my sighs ; And gires, to heal my bleeding wounds, Jemima to my eyes. Oh ! let the nymph my sorrows rout, And make grim care to quail — My uncle drew a long breath, and then proceeded in a most unfeeling manner to complete the couplet which his entrance had caused me to leave off unfinished, with impromptu lines of his own — And mop my tears up -with her clout, Or catch them in her pail ! My evil star had caused me to write the ode to Jemima on the back of the first sheet of my great poem, and in handing the latter to my uncle I had necessarily placed the ode in his possession ! He had scarcely concluded his atrocious jingle when he lapsed into prose of an equally objectionable character. ' So, sir,' he cried, ' you are not merely a dolt, but you would wish to be a libertine ! A seducer of scullery maids ! You give your ideas to the whole j world ! Better keep them to yourself if they are all as per sample. Pretty airs, sir — very pretty airs for a fellow not fit to carry putty to a glazier, or smudge a wall with a first coat ! ' Taken thus at disadvantage, I need scarcely say that my aspirations were unheeded. Of the pursuit of the muses I dared not speak another word, and when I mentioned high art my uncle sarcastically i 'llie C(ie to Jciuima, agreed that I should enjoy that by painting walls on the top of a ladder. It was in this way that I became apprenticed to his trade. My budding passion for Jemima was quenched by the unfortunate issue of its first sighs. For twelve months I had to devote my attention to decorative painting, and shared a room in my uncle's house with my cousin Sam. On the whole, I believe I gave satisfaction. Uncle Trotman, once he had got over unlucky first impres sions, approved of my progress, and said that I would turn out a better decorative painter than Sam. I had, he said, some originality about me. I sketched out new designs, and ventured on combinations of colours and novel effects which pleased him, while Sam, although more dexterous, was a mere copyist. In that way he surpassed me. It came natural to him. He was, for instance, a splendid penman, and in time did a good deal of the bookkeeping, and became a sort of confidential clerk to my uncle. Nevertheless, he seemed to think I was too much of a favourite, and showed a good deal of jealous feeling when I got praised. You see Uncle Trotman was an old bachelor, and Sam and I were the only relatives he had. Sam was shrewd, and didn't like the idea of sharing the inheritance. Being cousins, and about the same age, however, we were very good friends, and a great deal together after working hours. Amongst other methods of enjoying our evenings, or, rather, our nights, the theatres of course had a turn. In fact, they had more than a turn, for, ? happening to visit in search of variety a minor theatre on the Surrey side, we found an attraction which drew us to the 6ame place night after night. It was a shabby little theatre, quite outside the ranks of houses of established fame. The charges were on a special scale, highly-^-or rather lowly — suited to the pockets of 'prentices and shop-boys. For admission to the pit the price was sixpence; 6talls — which had a greasiness about them strongly suggestive of their being butchers' stalls — were a shil ling ; while the dignity of the boxes, which the man agement audaciously described as the ' dress circle,' was attainable at the extravagant rate of a half crown. It was from one of these last stations of dig nity, resplendent with all the glories of purple cotton velvet seats and Dutch-metal gilding, that Annabella Delaville, the gifted English juvenile actress — as per handbills — broke in upon my life. She struck us both— of course I speak figuratively— at once. I scarcely know how to describe her. But do not imagine that it was a padded, ogling, raddled old harridan, made up to look young and killing, that sent Sam and myself out of our senses. We had gone through a course of theatres, and had faced plenty of that sort without much damage. Annabella was— well, a bright, fair young girl, slightly angular in figure perhaps, as is usual with a girl not far in her teens. Blue eyes, shaded with long brown lashes, and I may admit a touch of rouge on the fair cheek, and a shadow of artifice in the dark line under the lower eye-lash. Stage effect demands these sacrifices, and I protest that Annabella was naturally so lovely that to her they were really sacrifices, not aids. Her com posure and aplomb were perfect. No matter what her costume— boy, girl of the period, or fairy with scant draperies— she seemed always surrounded with the modesty which springs from unconsciousness of any thing unusual. Our excursion to the theatre now became a regular nightly institution, and the late hours we kept in consequence did not escape the observation of Mr. Trotman, who seemingly instituted some inquries, as he unexpectedly took us to task, lectured us severely on the frivolity of our habits, and absolutely vetoed future visits to theatres. While we apparently submitted, we did not obey. Sam and I had recourse to all sorts of stratagems to enable us to continue our nocturnal excursions. But in order to lull our uncle's suspicions we agreed that only one should go out on any night, the other remain ing at home to invent explanations for the absence of the other. On these alternate nights of enforced imprisonment Uncle Trotman frequently dilated to each of us on the mischief of infatuation for a painted face, and en larged with intense bitterness on the manner in which young men's lives had been blighted by giving way to the cajolery of professional coquettes. We regarded these lectures as rather rich, for Sam told me he had discovered among the various docu ments to which his position as confidential clerk and amanuensis to Uncle Trotman gave him access, a a batch of carefully preserved old letters, which showed that Uncle Trotman himself had, in his youth, been in love with a pretty actress by the name of Adair, who had jilted him and married some other fellow. , . Consequently we made very merry over our uncle s present inconsistency, and his discourses had little effect upon either of us. We s^ continued our alternate visits to the theatre, and both had succeeded in obtaining the entree behind the stage, and in mak ing acquaintance with the fair object of our admira tion. Various trifling incidents gave rise' to a feeling of jealousy between Sam and myself, which, rapidly in creased to absolute bitterness, and became intense when we learned that the engagement of Annabella ?was drawing to a close, and that her mother contem plated a provincial tour with her. These complications were suddenly terminated. One night, towards midnight, I re turned home from the theatre, and on trying the back window which, ac cording to mutual arrangement it was Sam's business to see unlatched, so 'as to admit me into the house without disturbing anyone — Uncle Trotman had impounded the door latch-key — I found it fastened. Anathematising my cousin's for getfulness, I began throwing gravel against the window of his bed-room with the object of awakening him. The noise, however, had the cunluky effect of apparently wakening my uncle instead; for his sash was thrown up,' and — the night being moonlight — I stood detected. A frightful quarrel ensued. Uncle Trotman attacked me furiously and harshly for what he called my diso bedience and deception. I retorted, as I considered, with admirable witti ness, by references to his own early indiscretions. This appeared to make him frantic. He accused me of tam pering with the locks of his private drawers, and of thieving moneys which he said he had missed from time ? to time lately, and to sum up, although he admitted me for the night, he next day cancelled my indentures, and disowned me for ever. I had found when I was admitted that Sam was not at home. Uncle Trotman mentioned in the course of his angry speeches that he had sent my cousin away purposely in order that he mieht not aeain meet me, thus tacitly confessing that he had been on the watch for me, and had learned my offence before the pebble-throwing incident. He held up to me as an exemplar of regularity and steadiness the example of Sam (who had been out night about), and from some of his expressions I got an impression that Sam had played traitor and betrayed me. However, I contented myself with indignantly denying the charges of ransacking private receptacles, and of purloining cash, and as Uncle Trotman would not hear my disclaimers with patience, I rushed away from his house in a paroxyism of rage, and hastily arranging for temporary accommodation at a cheap lodging-house near the theatre where my divinity acted, I sent for my boxes. The cabman who brought them also handed me an envelope addressed to me, in which I found a bank note for £20, and two words, in my uncle'6 hand writing, viz., 'the last.' My first impulse was to send back the money with scorn, but as I happened to have only threeandsix pence in the world, my second and abiding impulse was to retain the sum, which I did. On coming down to breakfast the following morning, the first persons I set eyes upon were Anna bella Delaville and her mother, seated at the table. They 'happened' to board at this house, and I 'happened' to be aware of the fact when I sought refuge there. Mrs. Delaville was a faded lady, past middle age, and took indifferently ' second lady' or 'first old woman' parts on the stage. She was an insignificant feeble sort of person, whose only marked charac teristic was the manner in which she watched over her daughter. After breakfast, I recounted my adventure' of the previous night to mother and daughter, with the effect of considerably cooling the friendliness of the manner of the elder lady ; but that I cared little for, because I fancied that I perceived in the eyes of the younger a good deal of the pity which poets say is akin to love. Of course I had not mentioned the pail the latter A Transformation Scene with a Vengeance. had played in my domestic drama, but a hint or two I let fall she appeared partly to comprehend. Mrs. Delaville, who had always been moderately cordial and deferential when I appeared behind the scenes as a patron of the (cheap) drama and generally had a few shillings to devote to porter and oysters, for which a ' super ' used to be sent out, and which used to be graciously accepted by the professional ladies and gentlemen, and consumed between the acts — appeared now disposed to be distant and reserved. She found an early opportunity of sending Anna bella to her own apartment to study her part for the day's rehearsal ; and she availed herself of, my entering into conversation to acquaint me that she wa» so sorry we were likely to see little of one another in future, as their engagement at the ? theatre would terminate in a few days, when she had arranged to join at Reston — a small provincial town in a northern county — a company playing there under the management of her brother. This piece of information was obviously volunteered with a view to discourage my attention to Arabella, but, as it happened, the strength of my flame twisted it to a different purpose. Immediately on thus becoming acquainted with the destination of my fair one, a half -formed purpose which had been long sim mering in my brain assumed definite form. That. I might be always near the object of my passion I had often wished that I were an actor. Now I determined that, as I might as well be that as anything else, an actor I would be ; and, more than that, the scene of my debut should be the Theatre Royal, Reston. I did not inform Mrs. Delaville of this resolution, fearing lest she might write to her brother, the manager of the theatre, and place obstacles in the way of my getting an engagement ; but I found a momen tary 'chance to communicate my intention to Anna bella, and, judging by the expression of her coun tenance, I began to believe that she understood my motive, and was not disposed to take unkindly to the idea of my becoming her follower. The following day therefore saw me in Reston, and seeking an audience from Mr. Adolphus Mountford — announced in placards on the theatre door to be the lessee of that institution, and likewise the greatest and most popular actor of the day. The same posters also announced the special engagement (at vast expense) and speedy appearance of Miss Annabella Delaville, the magnificent young star actress from the leading London theatres, and of Mrs. Delaville, the sterling and favourite tragedienne. The knowledge of theatrical mysteries which I had already acquired by my attendance upon MisB Anna bella, enabled me to find the stage door, and make my way on to the stage of the Reston theatre without difficulty- This I saw to be to the full as dingy as the stage of my London haunt. The stage space was, for the time being, circumscribed by a scene which was let down from the 'flies' for the convenience of a shabby man who was completing it in a style which my recent avocation enabled me to recognise as inferior even to most of the scene-painting common to third or fourth -rate theatres. Directed by this person, who appeared on my accosting him for information to be very gruff and somewhat tipsy, I found the manager seated in bis room at the 'prompt entrance.' Mr. Adolphus Mountford was a stout gentleman whose custom it was of an afternoon apparently to shave, for, at any rate, that was his occupation when I entered. This great actor had short legs and a double chin, waddled when he walked, and wabbled when he talked. My application for employment ('juvenile lead' was the line I aspired to, as affording future oppor tunity of impassioned love-scenes with the 'mag- nificent young star actress') Mr. Mountford received me with contumely on learning that I had no expe rience. I was persistent — Mr. Mountford was scornful. I came down in my aspirations. Mr. Mountford remarked — 'Boy, I care not ; it cannot be. In fact, Z wish you'd get out, and let me shave in peace.' I declined to get out at any price. I insisted on being engaged. Mr. Mountford laid down his razor, and, becoming red with anger, called out — ' Lacy, I wish you would come and rid me of this stripling.' Perceiving that I was in danger of being subjected to personal affront, or, in other words, of being kicked out, I turned to go, and just then an ill-looking fellow in a black wig came in and gave me a shove which made me trip over the stool on which the gruff painter had been sitting as I passed in. This stumble resulted in my shoulder brushing the freshly-painted scene, smudging and spoiling a considerable surface. On noticing this Mr. Mountford entirely lost his temper, and his histrionic dignity with it, and, calling me ' a clumsy lout,' would fain have struck me had not his companion, probably seeing that I had both the frame and resolution to defend myself, heldhim back. Nettled by the epithet 'clumsy' I ejaculated that, clumsy or not, I could paint better than that daub he set so much store by. Struck possibly by the confidence of my tone when saying this, Mr. Mountford ceased to cry to his com panion to, ' Unhand me, Lacy ! By 'Heaven, Til make a ghost of him that lets* me ! ' and other ex plosive quotations from the dramatic writers. In fact he changed his tone considerably,, and inquired — all the manager asserting itself — whether I meant that. To cut a long story short, the accidental stumble against the wet paint effected what I had hitherto failed to attain. Taking up the brushes of the absent artist, I con- - vinced Mr. Mountford in a few seconds that I knew what I was about, and before ten minutes were over I was engaged as scene painter to the Theatre Itoyal, Reston, rice Mr. William Dibbs, removed in conse quence of habitual inebriety and incompetence, and also as generally useful in the performances should my services be at any time required in the histrionic department ; for which combined services Mr. Mount ford undertook to remunerate me at the rate of fifteen shillings per week— thereby showing himself a much better manof the world than he ever was an actor. It was well for me that I had the greater balance of Uncle Trotman's donation in reserve, for I discovered in due time that Mr. Mountford might just as well have promised me fifteen pounds per week as fifteen shillings, bo far as his ability to pay was concerned. The 'tremendous galaxy of talent' which Mr. Mountford's advertisements stated was supplied by the company at the Theatre Royal, did not draw crowded houses. In fact the Tremendous Galaxy could not have more utterly failed to draw had it been a second-hand blister. A slight revival succeeded the appearance of Miss Annabella, owing principally to a number of young men who came nightly to ogle her from the stalls. But this source of revenue fell off bv degrees as the young men became disheartened by the fact that Annabella -wouldn't ogle back. It was in vain that the door-keepers nightly encored every act, that Mr. Lacy (first lead) raved, that Mrs. DelaviHe screamed and giggled, that the great Mount ford himself plaved farce, and utterly destroyed my best hat, which i had been green enough to wear in a subordinate but genteel character. There was no bonnetting in the piece, but Mr. Mountford im provised a smasher as a desperate resource which wight induce a stony audience to laugh. It was in vain that Annabella languished, and that Mr. Lacy, taking advantage of his position, kissed her loudly in the comedies. The ruffian, on being remonstrated with by Mrs. Delaville, said it was his duty to enter into tne spirit of the play, and Mountford abjectly backed him up. The fact was that, but for Mr. Lacy, the enterpris ing manngcr would have had to suspend operations altogether, Mr. Lacy, with his black wig — he never would dress blonde 'parts—was quite a mysterious creature. He had apparently money at command, and produced sufficient sums to relieve Mountford at critical periods, as, for instance, when the local news paper declined to insert any further advertisements without settlement of the outstanding account ; and when the young man who reported, and who had been among the most active of the disheartened oglers, be^an to write depreciatory notices of Annabella's acting, and was absolutely abusive about Mr. Lacy's performances, especially in the kissing parts, Mr. Lacy lent Mountford enough to sweeten the journalist and have the rigour of the young man toned down. On other occasions he came similarly to the rescue, so that, in fact, he held so many of Mountford's acknowledgements that the manager was his mere slave. Now, it was very clear that a man who could com mand means must nave some special object in remain ing to play to empty houses in a small provincial theatre, and I quickly satisfied myself that Mr. Lacy's object was to make love to Annabella ! Anyhow he was always doing it, and Mountford openly favoured the advances to his niece, and even managed to convince the pliable creature, bis sister, Mrs. Delaville, that Lacy must be a gentleman of wealth and position, who had disguised himself and taken to the stage for the sole purpose of wooing the lovely Annabella for his wife. Perhaps Mrs. Delaville believed this the more readily because Mr. Lacy was obviously disguised, and her experience as an actress told her that he was quite new to the work. Anyhow, all three — lover, uncle, and mother — leagued, against me, and took the utmost care that I never had even a moment alone with Annabella. Were it not that I had become altogether too useful in my double capacity of scene-painter and actor to be dispensed with, I have no doubt I should have been sent to the right about altogether. Meanwhile, as Mr. Lacy only dispensed his succour by driblets sufficient to avert actual dissolution, Christmas approached, and there appeared not the faintest hopes of managing to prepare a pantomine. Sir. Mountford became moodv, in which condition he abjured comedy, and invariably cast the company for the gloomiest 'pieces in his repertoire, taking the more mournful characters himself, till the theatre became a sort of sepulchral place of resort appropriately attended by ' dead-heads,' and no one would have been justified in feeling surprised had a funeral party dropped in to finish their day by witnessing the per formances. At this juncture of affairs a brilliant inspiration struck me, which, if successful, would not only be the means of reviving business, but would also afford me an opportunity of ascertaining whether the sentiments of Annabella's heart accorded with the very en couraging language of her eyes, which was all the communication which the surveillance we were sub jected to left us free to enjoy. I offered to Mr. Mountford, who had now begun to form rather a high opinion of my ability, that I would write an original introduction for a pantomine, taking a fairy tale for my basis. I made one stipulation, namely, that I should be cast for the part of ' the Prince.' I knew, of course, that Annabella was the only possible princess. Mr. Mountford, being at his wits' end, consented to what, under other circumstances, he would undoubt edly have regarded as a very dubious experiment, and he was supported in his consent by Mr. Lacy, who agreed to advance the requisite funds on the clear understanding that he was . to receive Annabella's hand in recognition of his good offices. This was a feature of the affair I had not anticipated, but I was powerless to interfere, and with the sanguineness of youth. I hoped that my scheme would throw inBUperab'le obstacles in the way of the accom plishment of this bargain. Accordingly I proceeded to write my drama, taking especial pains to draw out the parts so that Mr. Lacy could scarcely fail to claim the character of the villain of the piece— which I padded -with 'fat' sentences as bait for him. Mr. Mountford, who thoroughly understood the science of puffing, lavished the resources disbursed by Mr. Lacy in immense posters and other forms of firing publicity to the new and original introduction y a talented and rising author. He even gave a little supper to the representatives of the localPress, on which occasion the ogling young reporter did in estimable service by dodging so persistently to get seated nest Annabella that he disarranged the appointed order of places, and so upset things that when the meal began, although he was seated on one side of the fair one, I was seated on the other, while Sir. Lacy glared disappointed and vengeful from under his black wig and red eyebrows at the opposite side of the table. Thus brought in contact with, my idol, I had the exquisite felicity of squeezing her band under the table, and — Oh ! joy— of feeling & gentle pressure in return. , . t . In consequence of judicious expenditure in this and fprniiftr ways, a considerable degree of interest in the * -forthcoming pantomime was worked up among the ? ,: public of Reston. :. 5 With regard to tie performance, it was settled that, ..;. after the introduction, the harlequinade was to be sustained bv the full force of the company — that is to say, Hr. Mountford would play rather a fat panta loon ; Mr. Lacy would essay a new line as clown ; I, being slender and active, would be harlequin ; and Annabella would be the columbine of the season. The eventful night at last arrived, after a weary interval of paint pots, rehearsals, praetisings, and so forth- Mr. Mountford was far from confident. He pished and pshawed considerably over my production, but it was too late to recede after all his gorgeous announcements. Belittle knew of the secret lines I had studied in addition to those he read in the prompter's copy ; nor had he any knowledge that on the morning of Boxing Day, I had managed by the agency of a little ' devil ' — speaking in a pantomimic sense — to convey to Annabella written additions to her part in two forms, respectfully soliciting her to choose the one she con sidered most suitable. 'Under the same enclosure was a copy of the interpolations in my part, to which those forwarded to her were alternative responses. There was actually a full house. 'What with per sistent advertising, tne interest of a new piece, the attraction of the first night of the pantomime, and the fact that it was Christmas time and Boxing Night, the theatre was positively filled. All of us behind the curtain were a good deal excited and interested over this unaccustomed state of affairs, and from the time the doors were opened there was always at least one nose at a time projecting through 'the folds of the curtain, as its owner inspected the increasing bustle of the auditorium. I was indulging in one of these prolonged peeps, and in certain dreams as to a career of fortune awaiting me as author of the drama about to be pro duced before so large an audience, when I caught sight of a person in the boxes, whose appearance made me start. In the glossiest of dress clothes, with diamonds nashing from his shirt front and from his fingers, sat, alone, my cousin Sam. A pang of envy shot through my breast as I involuntarily compared our present condition. Here was I, a struggling man-of-all-work to a provincial theatre, and there he sat at liis ease with every evidence of having plenty of money at command. It flashed across my mind that perhaps Uncle Trotman had died during the six or eight months that had elapsed since I left his house, and that Sam had inherited his business and property, and had come here after Annabella. I was, for a combination of reasons, extremely ner vous when the curtain drew up, and my drama began. It must be confessed that it dragged sadly, and the audience, who had come to be amused, got' impatient. Occasional hisses were heard. Mr. Mountford raged in the ' wings.' Lacy scowled as he passed me fiora time to time. The crisis approached. The drop scene was down before the last act which would be followed by the transformation scene. Principally to avoid the sulky faces around me, I was peering through the curtain at the audience, when a new surprise greeted me. Two persons entered the stalls and gazed round the house. One was a stranger, but the other was — my Uncle Trotman ! He appeared to be looking for someone — possibly, I thought, for his favourite, Sam. In stinctively turning my glance upon the box occupied by Sam, I was astonished to see him, suddenly catching sight of the new arrivals, turn white and begin to sneak away out of his box. Simultaneously Uncle Trotman and his companion caught eight of Sam, and the stranger went rapidly out. Just then the bell rang for the final act, and I had to turn my attention to business. When I came 'on,' however, I could not help taking a glance towards Uncle Trotman, and saw that the stranger had not only returned, but had brought Sam with him, looking the* picture of misery. I also saw that Uncle Trot man recognizing me, despite my gorgeous make-up as ' Prince Fortunate,' gave a great start. The moment for my intended coup now approached. Lacy, having been as black a villain as my imagina tion could prepare a part, had been conquered by Mrs. Delaville as the Good Fairy, and was ' changing ' as rapidly as he could in order to come on as clown immediately after the transformation scene. I had my harlequin dress under my ' Prince ' costume, and Annabella was also ready to transform to columbine by a mere instantaneous change. Mr. Mountford was, like Lacy, dressing rapidly. Annabella and I held the stage meanwhile, to give time for these arrangements, and had just a ' tag ' to speak and a final song to chant before Mrs. Delaville should come on as the Good Fairy Beneficia, and give the signal for the 'transformation.' But, instead of singing the song, I opened my special ending. I had resolved that as I could get no chance of an explanation with Annabella off the stage, I would have one on the stage, and conse quently bad studied a mostjmpassioned appeal to her affection in my character of Prince Fortunate, to which she, as the Sleeping Beauty, could reply, from the additional 'lines ' I had that morning sent her, either with a cool disclaimer or with a fervent re joinder, including a complete rejection of Mr. Lacy, metaphorically indicated as ' that Evil Being.' With desperate terpidation I now substituted the opening sentence of this unexpected scene for the song we had always rehearsed. The prompter popped out his head, surprised, and the conductor of the orchestra, finding himself and his team in difficulties, rattled his baton impatiently on the music-stand, and abruptly pulled up the accompaniment he had com menced. Startled by the discordance, Mr. Mountford, fully dressed for pantaloon, bustled out of his dressing room, and hurried round to the prompter to learn what was the matter ; while Mr. Lacy, all ready for clown, except his head, came out of his room on the ' off ' side with bis clown's wig in his hand, which he had been just about to substitute for his regular black one, removed for the purpose, and exposing his real coiffure of short-cut blonde hair, scanty at the temples and crown, entirely altering the appearance of the man. As I opened my variation, the manager and the player stared. ' Dearest idol of my' heart,' I cried, in the cha racter of Prince Fortunate, ' say that you return my affection, and that the evil influence of that ? Demon ' is thrown aside for ever.' To my unspeakable joy Annabella took up the cue, and of the two replies with which I had furnished her responded with the right one. ' Dear Prince,' she rejoined, 'I am not insensible to your devotion, and neither fear nor force shall separate me from you.' This vras the beginning. I confess the play had been dull before, and there is no doubt the acting had been heavy and flat ; but now I caught fire. I was no longer acting. The enthusiastic speeches I had prepared I spoke with energy, feeling, and earnestness. Annabella caught the divine inspiration. She almost forgot that she was not a ' Sleeping Beauty ' reply ing to a Prince. She only knew that she was reply ing with all her heart to language she delighted to hear. I have been told since that the seene^was one of the most marvellous ' love- scenes ' ever witnessed on any stage — that our eyes sparkled, our breaths came short and fast, our colour rose, and loving response met lov ing question with eager rapidity, till, in a supreme paroxysm, Annabella sprang into my arms, and I clasping her to me, covered her face with kisses. The theatre rang with such peak of applause as its walls had seldom heard. Some of the ladies were crying with emotion, and the men and children were cheering and shouting with extraordinary excitement. Such was the force of ' one touch of nature,' which they all took for a triumph of art. But there was one person present who did not take it for a triumph of art. Just as the tumult of applause pealed from every part of the auditorium, there dashed on to the stage an extraordinary figure, namely, Mr. Lacy, dressed for clown, carrying his clown wig unconsciously in his left hand, and wearing for the first time since I had known him, his own hair — having, in his haste and rage, forgotten that he had removed his ordinary black wig. Mr. Lacy, thus attired, pale with passion, rushed on to the stage, and dashed direct for where I stood -with AnhabeUa in my arms. As the fellow made an insane rush either to strike me or drag the girl from me — I know not which — my blood rose, and releasing one arm, I struck him heavily in the face as he advanced, and knocked him down. The audience now roared with excitement. Mrs. Delaville, still costumed as the ' Good Fairy Bene ficia ' ran on to protect her daughter. Mr. Mount ford, habited as pantaloon, rushed on to interpose between me and Lacy. The prompter, seeing the Fairy Beneficia go ' on ' and pantaloon instantly follow, and thinking he had missed his cue, gave the signal for the transformation scene, and immediately the Dazzling Bowers of Con stant Felicity opened behind the group on the stage ; great revolving pillars glittered and turned, huge stars spun round, red lights glared on us, and all the glories of the transformation, prematurely displayed, served as background to our agitated group, which stood out strongly in all the prominence of coloured fires. Annabella'still clung to me ; her (fairy) mother fluttered round in great distress, pantaloon's beard was waggling -with great rapidity as Mr. Mountford raved and objurated at me, prompter, and society in general ; and Mr. Lacy was gathering himself up with the evident purpose of instituting'a single combat with me, to the accompaniment of the 'red five, ?when sud denly the strange gentleman whom I had noticed accompanying Uncle Trotman jumped up on to the stage, and laid hands on Mr. Lacy, whom he hailed as 'Gentleman Spicer ' and intimated was 'wanted' for several burglaries ! The audience had now become perfectly frantic with excitement and astonishment, and showed a disposition to storm the stage and hear jwhat the extraordinary proceedings signified at all ; so Mr. Mountfood hastily signalled the prompter, and the curtain fell amidst an indescribable uproar, just as Uncle Trotman scram bled up on the stage andjeommenced to hug me ! ENVOI. The audience^were with difficulty dismissed. They wanted a full explanation — which they didn't get. Buf.my readers are more inexorable.'and a complete explanation is unavoidable. The appearance of Uncle Trotman was due to the fact that he -Has in pursuit of Sam, whom he had discovered to have grossly abused the confidential^ trust ireposed in him, and to have embezzled large sums. Sam had'diseovered that he was detected, and had bolted. Thinking his route would not be discovered, he made the obscure town of Reston his first stage, and the announcement of Annabella's name in the local papers had caused his curiosity to triumph over caution. Hence his attend ance at the theatre. His dashing appearance was doubtless calculated with a view to a visit behind the scenes after the performance. Uncle Trotman had got an immediate clue to Sam's destination, and had followed with a detective, who had arrested Samuel in all his glory. When Mr. Lacy rushed on -without his black wig, ' that moment of carelessness cost him his liberty, for the detective instantly recognized him as a man who had long been 'wanted,' and long vainly sought. Uncle Trotman' s adventures were not over, how ever. He had discovered, amongst other things, thai Sam had cunningly betrayed me to him with regard to illicit visits to the theatres, and had also directed to me the suspicions my uncle held that his private papers had been meddled with, and sums of money extracted at various times, Sam himself being the cul prit. On mounting the stage, bent on doing me all the reparation in his power, Uncle Trotman found himself face to face with his former flame in the person of Mrs. Delaville — formerly Annie Adair. Uncle Trot man was too sensible a man to want to marry after all these years, but he declares that Annabella is the very image of what her mother was in his young days. He is so determined that Annabella and I shall marry that he has taken me into his business as a partner, and Annabella is having finishing lessons from the best masters — having left the stage. Before there can be any more Christmas pantomimes I think it probable that Annabella will be my wife. 