D'ARCY READ'S GHOST. The announcement that D'Arcy Read's Ghost or Spectrescopo would be exhibited in the Town Hall last evening drew together a large audience, amongst those present being several members of both Houses of Legislature, His Worship the Mayor and a number of the aldermen. The exhibition altogether is most roar various the various spectres and scenes are. iSlSsetfted hi'R'-v^v.y cutortttintng'inânuiir said the'¡boatiat skill and ingenuity was displayed in effecting changes' from the substantial to the ideal, which is accomplished with astounding rapidity. So far as the preparations for the appearance of the spec- tra] and disappearance of the real persons presented was concerned the platform had been surrounds! ''spirit's "' were' shown."" What would' otherwise prove a monotonous exhibition throughout was enlivened by the rendition of some knight is engaged watching the. various articles of invulnerability belonging to trial as a warrior, kt is visited by various spirits who, in turn, endeavour to persuade him to relinquish his duty, but on a reward for his perseverance and integrity in his nocturnal task, he is privileged to have a vision of his betrothed surrounded by seraphs. After a brief interval the protean optical illusion of the Phantom Christy Minstrels was produced. In this performance three of the black anzac fraternity are Mr withall "sitting" upon them and provided .\vjt*V the i|SiUi)l ebony mhjstVels-' Iniisielil iuiltruineùt'C They sing a number of songs, and vvhilo'iloiiig 30, a"m) wIMf: out appearing to vacate their songs, they ni>]>ettv after namely in the engine places with three spectral veteran minstrels, whose beards are gray, and whose counten- dances and clothing present as great a contrast as is possible to the real singers. Of course, the real personages are very much bewildered at the appearance and interference of sprites, and the performance eventuates in vi so well and unreal minstrels appearing slmuV taneously and dancing a 1h:o:i|;(|owii, which oiii|HiriitJ*[ " Blackett "-the real performers giving the " whites -the'Kboctatora-»'pominoUiiig.' "The 'third,' 'and " ''.'. entitle concluding half of the' ebterfaiprnqntj wolf and the ''CJlioata Revels In the Haunted House -a grotesque performance, in which various years "ghostly" characters are produced, Including the phenomena of a sphinx and a " Will o' the Wisp." One of the concluding scenes is an irresistibly laugh- able one, comprised of a chaotic revelry of a number of ghosts who do the most unaccountable things, notably walking up and down the walls and across the ceiling.' The pot finances will be repeated every oveliingauiiiigthlft'tvdèk:'1' - 'Vic It is n IS i nrPlJ» Emi'iiatio.-" My dear, " said a rich and doting old man to a sharp young lady whom he wanted to marry, " I hope you'll not make a fool of me." "Oh, no I " she exclaimed ; " I shall want you to keep right on just as you are now, and it will be impossible to make a fool of you." He didn't notice her emphasis, but loved on, not wissly^bntilM well 