THE VICTORIAN BUDGET. In making his financial statement on Thursday Mr. Berry had a disagreeable task to perform. It is at the best of times unpleasant for a Treasurer to have to announce that the revenue has fallen short of his estimate ; but when, in addition, he has reason to know that h ? has by his policy contributed materially to that result the duty of setting forth the facts is rendered all the more unpala table. It is noteworthy that scarcely in one particular ha3 Mr. Berry's expecta tions of a twelvemonth ago been realized. Instead of the overflowing Treasury and the reign of unexampled prosperity which it was fondly hoped by hia admiring worshippers would mark his administra tion he has to tell a mournful tale of unredeemed financial hopes and widespread national depression. His advanced Protectionist schemes and his favourite 'bursting-up' proposals have so far resulted in great disap pointment. His Customs income has fallen off seriously, his land revenue is less than he expected, his land tax has failed to produce anything like the return looked for from it, and altogether he ha3 to confess that the receipts, which he esti mated in August last at £4,904,180, have only reached a total of £4,711,302. Fur thermore, ho has virtually to confess that in two other particulars his policy has not been the success which he antici pated. The tax on live stock, which in conjunction with a strict adherence to Protectionism of the most severe type was to force the Australian Colonies into Confederation on the basis of an offensive and defensive fiscal alliance against all outsiders, in not working so satisfactorily as could bo wished. As yet there are no signs of the consummation so devoutly wished by the Berryites, and so the Treasurer to meet present emergencies has to lower the charge on sheep from 9-L to Cd. a head. It affords matter for rejoicing that Mr. Berry should have given this slight glimpse, illusory as it may prove, of returning common sense. Then in regard to the violent reductions in the Civil Service, which formed the most disgraceful episode in the proceedings connected with the recent deadlock, the disclosure has now to be made that the compensation due by law [to retiring officers will absorb the whole of the savings of two years. Were there any certainty that at the end of that time the revenue would be relieved to the extent of the retrenchments fleeted it would be due to Mr. Berry and his colleagues to say that they had done a good thing, although in a most arbitrary, cruel, and unjustifiable way ; but there i3 nosuchcertainty. Onthecontrary, there is good ground for believing that the reduc tion will be only temporary, that the places of dismissed Civil servants will be given to others, and that before two years are over the Government establishments will be as inflated a3 ever. Mr. Berry has too many exigent friends to serve to be able to practise for long the policy of sub stantial economy. With a hopefulness scarcely justified, one would think, by the financial prospects of the colony, the Treasurer reckons that the revenue for the ccrrent year will, including a balance in hand of £76,854, amount to £5,208,428. Our telegram does not enlighten us as to the grounds for this sanguine estimate, but it is to be presumed that reliance upon the ' surplus buoyancy' which forms so important a factor in Mr. Ross's revenue forecasts enters largely into his calculations. Last year the increase only reached £147,522, and upon what reason able ground he can now look for half a million increase it is hard to conceive. It is perfectly clear that the income from Customs has received a permanent check — a result due in part to the operation of prohibitory 'duties, and~'in~part~to the injurious effects upon enterprise and national prosperity which, the policy of Protection must inevitably produce. The expenditure, including no doubt the 'Victorian equi valent for unexpended balances, is reckoned at £5,157,642, or £523,194 more than last year. Mr. Berry is not free from apprehension as to the issue of the pear's operations and warns his fol lowers to be prepared for increased taxation. 'What form this i3 to assume he does not indicate, but it ia fair to imagine that it will take the shape of an aggravation of the class burdens now imposed and an increase in protective iuties. It is a strange commentary upon the restrictive fiscal legislation of the pa3t few years in Victorian history that the Treasurer's chief dependence for the future ia — not upon the invigorating effect upon colonial life of those manu factures which have been nursed with 30 much assiduity and pampered with jo much solicitude, but upon the expan jion of agriculture, an industry which in :ommon with all the other legitimate and natural industries of the province has been put in shackles for the benefit jf the local manufacturer. It may be that he is right ; it may be that Victoria trill become a large wheat - exporting country ; but South Australia, with all tier drawbacks, need not fear the compe tition of a rival so heavily handicapped by a tariff which places fiscal burdens grievous to be borne upon all the pro ducing classes without affording them any adequate compensation for the disability thus imposed. The Cable News. —The intelligence we publish this morning would indicate that the Austrians in their eagerness to possess themselves of Bosnia and the Herzegovina have under-estimated the strength of the insurgents who now resist their occupa tion of those provinces. That they them selves have recognised their error i3 evi dent from the recent announcement of & further mobilization of troops. From the information which has as yet reached us it appears that the Austrians have thus far confined their operations to one line of country. The troops appear to have crossed the Save with the intention of marching in a straight route to Bosna-Serai, the capital of the province, and have apparently separated into two columns. One, marching directly towards the Herze govina, has reached Travnik, a town in Bosnia, distant between fifty and sixty miles from Bosna-Serai, capturing Tjepce on its route, ha3 defeated the insurgents, and captured a battalion of Turldsh reserves. The other, pro ceeding in a straight line towards Bosna-Serai, has been Ies3 successful. A.t Maglai, a town on a tributary of the Save, about seventy-five miles due north of the capital, they were surprised in an ambuscade and lost seventy men, and it is now announced that they have suffered a. defeat at Tuzla, south-east of Maglai, some twenty miles nearer to Bosna-Serai, and have been compelled to fall back upon Grachanitza, to the north-east of MaglaL It is probable that their march is rendered the more difficult by the hilly nature of the country. Austrian troops have lately been massed along the Servian frontier! and all the available forces in Dalmatia have been gathered together. A cavalry and an artillery regiment have, it in announced in a telegram recently published in the Mel bourne Age, been raised in Dalmatia, and it is estimated that the troops available for immediate service in Bosnia and the Herzegovina will be reinforced by from 40,000 to 50,000. The number of troops at present in the province ha3 not been stated, but if the announcement be tme that the insurgents number 100,000 men it ia evident that the army of occupation has serious difficulties to encounter. It is probable that an attack will shortly be made from the Servian and Dalmatian lines of frontier, when the Austrians will virtually be the masters of the intervening territory, although the subjugation of the rebels will still have to be effected. The sickness reported to be prevalent among the Indian troops at Cyprus is not of a serious nature and no apprehensions are en tertained. The review of the fleet by Her Majesty the Queen has taken place at Spithead and gathered together a large number of spectators, although the weather was extremely boisterous and the projected evolutions of the fleet had to be abandoned. A collision is re ported between the despatch-boat Lively, a vessel of 835 tons, and Her Ma jesty's yacht, which resulted in another yacht being sunk. Her Majesty was not on board her vessel at the time of the collision. Serious riots have taken place in Ottawa on the occasion of an Orange procession, the disturbances having, it is announced, arisen through the insulting behaviour of some Catholics. Gazhttb Extbaordihabt.— A Govirnmtnt Gazette Extraordinary was published on Thurs day evening containing the proclamation an nouncing the resumption of the administration of the affairs of the colony by His Excellency Sir William F. D. Jervoii. Leteh asd DBAwnra-Boou. — A full-dress levee ia to be held at Government House on 'Wednesday next, August 21, at 2 o'clock, and Lady Jervois will hold a drawing-room on the game day at 3 o'clock. His Exchuxsct's Staff.— Mr. Thomas Snow MJL, has been appointed Private Secretary to His Excellency; Mr. John Jervob, BJ£., Provincial Aide- de-Camp; and Oaptain Henry Gardner Debonaire Haggard, Extra Aidede Camp. laaisiATtvH GoraciL Elhctioxs.— Mr. W. D. Scott, the solicitor, is a candidate fer a seat in the Legislative Council. Altogether nine candidates have announced their intention of contesting the four vacancies, their names being Messrs. Henry Scott, A. B. Murray, R. Ingleby, Q.O., C. B. Young. R. Vaughan, B. H. Babbage. Jemea Martin, J. Pickering, and W. D. Scott. 'Whitb's Boohs — 'Bainford's Ghost' was witnessed by a Urge number of people on Thursday evening. The performance passed off without any hitch, and the public by their fre quent applause appeared to be thoroughly satis fied with the entertainment. RKQCTEE1EEST3 OF GlADSTOXB. — Mr. Ward will ask the Attorney- General in the House of Assembly on Tuesday next — u 1. 'When will the Government establish a Local Court at Glad stone ? 2. 'When is it intended to proceed with the erection of the Gaol at Gladstone? 3. 'When will suitable police accommodation bs provided at Gladstone T GovEBSMffirr Laot Sate.— A sale of towc allotments in the Hundreds of RIvoli Bsy, Dudley, Wirrega, Warrow, and suburban sec tions in the Hundreds of Gumbowie, Yacka moorundie. Redhiil, and Mundoora was held ai the Land Office on Thursday, August 15. Th« total amount realized by the sale was £3,2$J 11s. 3d. The highest price per acre was £4 3s 6d., which was paid for Section 342, in tht Hundred of Bednill, roburbaa to Broughton. I Chaxbhb of Maucfactcreb. — On Thursday [ evening, August 15, Mr. Kan^I Biggs, JP., delivered a very instructing lecture ia tha Chamber of Manufactures on 'Mines and Mining,' the first of a series. There was a fair attendance notwithstanding the wet weather, and the chair was taken by ilr. E. Cooke, M.P. After a reference to the remote origin of mining and the frequent allusions to it in the Scriptures Mr. _ Kiggs referred to the Chinese having carried on coal-mining in very ancient tinres, and then, partly from a quotation out of one of Professor Tate's lectures, and partly by means of diagrams, he described how coal lay in veins, their position and relations to the different strata, and the manner of boring for the purpose of ascertaining the extent of any deposit discovered. A practical account of the method of sinking coal-pits, working out the coal and raising it to the surface was g:ven, and by an ingenious and novel application of a plan of Adelaide the lecturer explained how coal fields were laid out in areas and sections, main levels made, intermediate levels formed, long walls left for support:, drainage effected, and the work carried on with due regard for safety. The danger arising from coal gas, the invention of Sir Humphry Davy's safety-lamp, and other matters connected with the internal operations of a colliery were touched upon, and extracts dealing with various theories on explosions were read. Special allusion being made to the dangerons character of the impalpable coal and flour dust so well knswn to miners and millers, statistics relating to coal-mines in various parts of the world were given, and the lecturer went on to speak of gold-mining and its antiquity, dividing it into three heads, viz., alluvial working, the mode of obtaining gold by means of hydraulic pressure, and boring in the ordinary way into auriferous quartz. Tin then came under his notice, and it was stated that in alluvial deposits gold was often fouad with tin. The tin mines in Cornwall were mentioned, and their extensive nature formed subject for remark. Tin, Mr. Higgs said, was to be found near Ade laide, viz., Glen Osmond, which, he thought, might with proper appliances, such as were used in Cornwall^ be worked profitably. This closed the lecture, which was mostly of an intro ductory nature, and intended to lead up to a series which Mr. Higgs proposes to deliver in connection with mining generally. Mr. E. Cooke, in thanking the lecturer, expressed the opinion that technical education should betaken up and encouraged by the Government, and was a matter in which the Chamber of Manu factures might do a great amount of good. The Secretary of the Chamber, Mr. J. F. Coni grave, said the Chamber would no doubt gladly take up the suggestion held out. The Chamber in its movements in that direction had always been met with the statement that a Technolo gical Museum was to be formed here. The Committee desired to obtain sectional models of shaft-working in mines, and also models show ing the mode of surface operations. They had been in communication with the Technological Museum of Melbourne and also with the prin cipal mining proprietors, but had not succeeded in obtaining the models they wished to have. Mr. Higgs having courteously answered several questions, a short discussion took place, and the proceedings closed with a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Higgs for his entertaining lecture, pro posed by Mr. J. Anthony, and seconded by Mr. J. B. Austin. In returning thanks Mr. Higgs said he intended to pursue the subject farther in his next lecture. Supposed Infanticide.— The City Coroner (Mr. T. gWard, JJ\\) held an inquest at the Des titute Asylum, on Thursday morning, August 15, on the body of the female infant of Lucy McNeil, which was found dead in a box at the bouse of Mr. John Darling, jun., where the mother was employed. Mr. Horace Dean was appointed r oreman 01 me jury, xne coroner stated that Dr. Gardner had furnished him with s report, in which he stated that he had visited the mother of the child, and in consequence of feverish symptoms he thought she would be unable to attend the Coroner's Court for a few days. As it wonld not be fair to the mother to take evidence which might convict her of a capital crime, in her absence, he only proposed taking sufficient evidence that day to enable him to give an order for the burial of the child. He would then adjourn the inquest till Tuesday next at 10 o'clock at the same place. Police-constable James Haminill deposed — On the evenisg of the 13th August from information received went in company with Detctive Doyle to Mr. Darling's house, in Hutt- street, and there found the body of a female infant child wrapped up in apiece of calico and a piece of an old bag, which was tied up with string. Life was extinct, and the body cold. The body was locked up in a box in the bedroom occupied by Lucy McNeil. I went to the box where I found the body in consequence of a statement made to me by Lucy McNeil in the presence of De tective Doyle. I removed the body from the room to the Deadhouse. The body viewed by the Jury ia the same. I examined the body at the Deadhouse and could find no marks of violence, but noticed the under lip a little flattened down as though some pres sure had been applied to it. From information I have gathered I look npon the case as a sus picious one. The inquest at this stage was ad journed till Tuesday next at 10 o'clock. Damages.— The action that was brought by Captain C. Perry against the Melbourne Harbour Trust Commissioners to recover damages for the injuries he sustained through the alleged negligence of the defendants in not having the Sandridge Town Pier properly lighted was concluded in ihe Supreme Court on Monday, August 12. 04 the 23th July, 1S77 {reports the Argus), the plaintiff was employed in adjusting the compasses of the ship Allan shaw, which was lying alongside the pier. He left the vessel about a quarter to 7 o'clock, it being then dark. He had walked only a few paces from the vessel when he fell over a raised Dlatform, which was about two feet above the level of the main portion of the pier, and broke his leg. He attributed the accident to the fact that that end of the pier was not properly lighted. A few days before the accident the Trust had received a report from the Harbour Master that, owing to recent extensions, additional lamps were required, and the Com missioners directed that the lamps should be procured, but before this could be done Captain Perry met with his accident. The defence was that Captain Perry ought to have known that this platform was two feet above the main pier, and that he did not exercise sufficient care in walking on the pier on a dark night. The Jury, by a majority of 11 to 1, gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £250. McGcnress's Iksolvbkct. — The case against John and Ellen McGuiness for obtaining by false pretences a large quantity of goods and merchandise, valued at £3,S00, from merchants residing in Adelaide, and for conspiring to defraud the creditors of Abraham McGuiness by concealing, embezzling, and removing pari of tie goods and personal estate of Abraham McGuiness to the value of £500, at Georgetown, on May 30, was continued at the Police Court on Thursday morning, August 15. Further evidence was given for the prosecution, and the case was remanded till August 23. To- morrow Evesdjg's Concert. — A very large attendance is expected to-morrow evening at the Mayors fifteenth popular concert. Though the full force of the Philharmonic Society has been engaged, with several professional instru mentalists to strengthen the Band, there will be no extra charge. At the final rehearsal last night some choruses from the ' Bohemian Girl,' 'Norma,' 'Satanelli,' &c;, were excellently rendered, and the programme presents a fine selection of secular music. No other Saturday night concerts will be given after this till August 31. ' ESCBOACHJTETT OS THE PARK LASDS.' — The citizens of Adelaide had on Thursday evening, August 15, an opportunity of deciding 'whether they are willing to grant the con cession of a large portion of the Park Lands,' as asked for by the promoters of the Holdfast Bay Railway. About 500 persons responded to the invitation to be present at the Town Hall, and the Mayor presided. By a large majority the meeting decided in favour of allowing the Company to take their line across the Park Lands on the payment of compensation in the form of rental, but a very strong determination was expressed never to allow any railway buildings to be erected on the 'people's reserves.' Mr. Stock, the Company's solicitor, promised to make several important amend ments to meet the objections which had been raised by the speakers. The meeting occupied nearly two hours and three-quarters. A report appears elsewhere in this issue. Theatre Royal. — There was a ranch larger attendance at the Theatre on Thursday evening, when Shakspeare's play of ' The Merchant of Venice' was repeated. The great character of Shylock is one of Mr. Creswick's masterpieces, and, as on the night before, ha made a great impression. He was well supported by the company, and the performance throughout was a most enjoyable one. To-night Mr. Creswick will appear in his great part of Cardinal Wolsey, in Shakspeare's historical drama \- Henry YH1V '-, Cesteai Boabd ^of ? Mavx Roads — The monthly meeting . of .this Board was. held on Thursday, August 15. In. addition to ordinary business five deputations were received. One drew attention to the dilapidated state of the bridge over the North Para, between Nuriootpa and Tanunda ; the second advocated the aban donment of the existing Bull's Creek-road, Strathalbyn branch, at the Finniss, and the makinf of a road from a point one and a half miles nearer Strathalbyn than Qaeen's Own 3 own to the Finniss, two miles above Bowman's, and then on to Currency Creek; the third urged the necessity of an additional main line of road being made from Mount Pleasant to the Murray Flats via Cook's Hill ; the fourth pointed out the bad state of the road between Kangarilla and Maclaren Tale, and asked that the money appropriated for the work might be at once expended ; and the fifth asked that the £300 appropriated for the road from Lobethal to '\\\ oodside might at once be devoted to the pur poses intended. The Superintending Surveyors were instructed to report on the several subjects. Mr. Hargrave reported that he had used 1,000 yards of rough stone in patching the Port-road between the Port Corporation boundary and Woodville. This was merely for filling the large holes, and as they were filled the traffic directly increased. Another 1,000 yards of metal would be necessary to give some amount of coating preparatory to putting on the 2£-inch metal being provided for by regular contract. Reports were read relative to the proposed Holdfast Bay Railway and the Grange and Military Railway. Mr. Hargrave suggested in each case that no American ditches should be allowed anywhere on the mail roads. The Board adjourned for a month. Thb Fromb Bridge. -'We understand that the foundation-stone of this structure, which when completed will be a great convenience to the residents of both 'North Adelaide and the eastern part of the city, will be laid by the Mayor on Tuesday next at 3.30 o'clock. The contractors for the structure are Messrs. Davies and Wishart, the contract price is between £8,000 and £9,000, and the bridge is to be opened some sixteen months iience. Citt Missiok.— The Committee of the Ade laide City Mission met on Thursday afternoon, August 15, in the vestry of the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church. There were present the Revs. J. Henderson (in the chair), J. Lyall, 'W. R. Fletcher, MA, O. Copland, T. Lloyd, M. J. Birks, Messrs. A. Adamson, J. Steele, D. Robin, J. J. Green, T. D. Pearson, J. M. Dowie, J. S. Knox, J. Hooker, and G. Stace. A Sub- Committee was appointed to take tbe necessary steps to obtain funds to employ an additional missionary in harmony with a resolution of the annual meeting. In case of another agent being em ployed it was resolved that part of his labours should be devoted to North Adelaide. The En tertainment Committee was reappointed, and extracts read from the journal of Mrs. Gidley, the female missionary. ? Watts FOB StANSBUKT AJtD EdITHBTJRGH. — The mtsils for these townships on Southern Yorke's Peninsula will in future leave Port Adelaide on 'Wednesdays and Saturdays instead of Tuesdays and Saturdays. Eabeit Destruction.— In printing- Mr. Q Goyder, jun.'s, report on rabbit destruction a stop was misplaced in the last paragraph and it altered the sense. The paragraph should read thus : — ' The hole should be closed as quickly as possible to prevent loss by evaporation. As the vapour of the bisulphide from its density descends almost like water, when placed in one ' oP two adjacent barrows the higher should be chosen.' RnxE Match at Mallala.— Mr. J. O. Zollner, of {Lower Light, writes to say that our correspon dent 'omitted to mention in his report of this match that Mr. Taplin gave both Messrs. Thomas and Cowan 20 points. The distances were 150, 2C 0, 250, and 300 yards, seven rounds at each distance, and Mr. Taplin gave the gentlemen liamedfivepoints at each range. Mr. Taplin made 32, 28, 17, and 23 points at each distance respec tively. Mr. Thomas's score was 23, 16, 10, 10. Mr. Cowan's 20, 18, 6, 6. Thus Mr. Taplin beat Mr. Thomas by 41 points, or less handicap 21; and Mr. Cowan by 50 points, less handicap 30.' AccTDEirr at Port Adelaide. — Edward Jenkins, a lad about 13 years of age, employed in assisting at shunting the goods trucks at Port Adelaide, met with an accident on Thurs day afternoon, August 15. The lad was running alongside the trucks, when he fell over a stone, with his left foot under one of the wheels, the consequence being that he has lost four of his toes. Thb SMCGGiura Case at Poet Adelaide.— Mr. and Mrs. Sinclair, whose case in reference to the smuggling of whisky from the ship Craigen darroch is pending, are to appear at the Port Adelaide Police Court to-day. Iaxds Trrxas Officb. — Mr. E. Newdegate Newberry has been appointed to the position in the Lands Titles Department rendered vacant by the death of the late Mr. A. Rivaz, and Mr. S. Rigaud succeeds Mr. Newberry. Western ArsTRAUAK Telegraph. — Com- munication was restored on this line at 1.50 on Thursday afternoon. Pu-roHE»G Match at Sahsbtjky.— Tha an nual ploughing match at Salisbury took place on Thursday, August 15, and attracted a large number of spectators, but the competitors were not so numerous as last year. ?Waterworks Mains.— The Gazette notifies that mains for the supply of water have been laid in a street north of and also in a street south ef Hemington, in the District of Thebar ton, and in Ruthven-street, Worth Kensington. The Dtjdusy Cricket Match. — The match between the Australian Eleven and Eighteen of Dudley has resulted in a draw, as play was stopped by the bad weather. The Eleven scored 240 in their second innings, and the Eighteen had lost seven wickets for 40 runs when the stomps were drawn. Bailwat Goods Sheds.— The Commissioner of Public Works is to meet the Mayor and Councillors of the city at the junction of Morphettstreet with North-terrace at 10 o'clock this morning to consult as to the alterations proposed in the site for the new Railway Goods Sheds. Thb Rev. Charles Clark.— This gentleman will give his popular lecture entitled 'West- minster Abbey,' in the Town Hall, Port Ade laide, to-night. Thb Shbahisg Season.— The Mount Gipps party of shearers, engaged to the order of Sir James McCulloch, were dispatched via Hallett per Terry's coaches on Thursday morning by Mr. W. R. Hunt, of the Labour Office. Captain Alexander Lawrence.— By tho Lusitania, which arrived on Wednesday night, Captain Lawrence, the pioneer of the Orient line of vessels, returned to the colony. He first had charge of the Charlotte Jane, and subse qnently the Orient, in which vessel be made several successful voyages. Bad Weather at the Cafe.— By the Lusi tania have come to hand Cape papers giving an account of the wreck of several vessels, including the Redbreast, a vessel which loaded cargo at Port Pirie for the Cape. Christian Brothers' School— The founda tion-stone of the residence and schools for the Christian Brothers, at the corner of Wakefield and Ackland streets, was laid on Thursday, August 15, by the Most Reverend the Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide. An address was delivered by Dr. Reynolds on the subject of ?duration. Very liberal contributions were laid en the stone and promised. Man Mi'srsa. — Considerable anxiety pre vailed in Mount Gambier yesterday (says the Border Watch of August 14) respecting the sudden and unaccountable disappearance of a man named 'White, employed as a piinter at Messrs. Barratt & Andrews's coachbaildiug esta blishment. Commercial-street. He was working until 10 o'clock on Monday night, quite well, and then went to his lodgings at Mr.T. Barratt's boarding-house. He is 'supposed to have left his room about 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning, and from the clothes he left there aad other indications is believed to have been only partially dressed when he left Corporal Field and several of the police, with some of Mes=rs. Barratt k Andrews's men, were oat searching the greater part of yesterday, and explored every place in the neighbourhood where it was likely his body might be found in the event of his having committed suicide, but no reason c«uld he found for any suspicion of bis having done such an act. It is believed he must have left thedistrict. White had been in Messrs. Barratt & Andrews's employ aboat U numths, having been engaged for a year. 