THE COMMANDER'S STATUE.* A CHRISTMAS STORY. By Justin M'Caethy. Mr. Granger Both well, Q.C., had taken a house for the winter neara little old-fashioned sea-coast town or tillage in one of the most beautiful of the south-western connties. It is a county with a good deal of ancient Celtic ways still lingering among its popula tion, more especially in the villages along the coast. Its peculiarities and its superstitions have been fed not a little by the occasional visits and settlements of fisherfolk from the coasts of France and Spain,who have for gene rations been in the habit of taking refuge there from troubles and conscriptions in their own countries. A French or Spanish family of fishermen, when they had been in the habit of visiting this little Englsh village in the way of their business, found it natural and easy to remain there altogether if the condi tion of affairs at home rendered a return thither undesirable. This blending of a dis tinctly foreign element with the half-Saxon, half-Oeltic character of the population gave special incturesqueneBS to the little town, and made it all the more delightful to Mr. Roth wfltl's daughter. Mr. Rotnwell does not pay much attention to the Parliamentary bar now. He iB a widower, with only thiB one daughter; he has money enough, and is not disposed t6 take much professional trouble on himself any more. HehaB some objects in life, how ever, as well as the care of his daughter. He is the author of those admirable essays on Some Sources of the Fallacy of Human Evi dence, the object of which was to show that all the superstitions and religiouB errors of humanity (including in the errors a good * The right of republishing " The Commander's Statue " has been purchased hy the proprietors of " The Australasian.' many beliefs which, nevertheless, some in telligent people do still cling to) are to be re ferred simply to the inaccuracies attending on humanity's ordinary way of reporting what it has seen or heard. Get any one into a witness-box, Mr, Rothwell argued, examine and cross-examine him carefully, and see what will come of the wonderful Btory about the warning, the dream, the phantom, the supernatural visitation, and all the rest of it. Mr. Rothwell would have settled Mahomet or Zoroaster in half an hour of cross-examina tion. .All mortal error in the way of belief was merely a question of slight, and probably uninintentional, inaccuracy of statement as to time, or place, or expression on the part of somebody whom unfortunately nobody had had a chance of cross-examining. Mr. Rothwell, in pursuing his theory, had to go very much into the history of supersti tions and human belief in the supernatural. His library was full of books on demonology, witchcraft, ghosts, and other such subjects ; and his talk was naturally a good deal oc cupied with these topics. The effect of all this upon hiB daughter was unfortunately rather to fill her mind with supernatural fancies and longings rather than to fortify it against their entrance. It is not found that the best way to keep a girl from thinking of lovers is to be always dinning into her ears that she mustnever believe in their existence : and perhaps the same thing will hold good of supernatural visitations. Besides, the name of our heroine was Gondoline; and Gondoline is also the name of a young lady in one of Kirke White's poems, of which our heroine's mother wsb very fond; and if there be any woman or girl in England now who has read Kirke White she will remember that his Gondoline is the central figure in a ghastly ballad, all full of vague spectral terrors. Our Gondoline, therefore, always had a fancy that Bhe, like that other Gondoline, was destined to have glimpses some time into the supernatural world. Besides, she had been born and brought up in the place to which her father was now returning for a time. She had not seen the place since she was a child, but she had passed too many of her childish years among its superstitions and its odd ways not to carry some impression of them along with her. There was one peculiar legend connected with the town which always had a fascination for her. The town was built upon an estuary rather than upon the sea itself, and the newer part of its suburbs, where men like Mr. Rothwell lived, lay a little to landward. Between the town and the few villas of this suburb lay a solemn old square or enclosure looking somewhat like a disused cemetery. It was surrounded on three of its sides by iron railings, with here and there a huge pillar of heavy stone overgrown with grass and ivy and mould; and it was guarded on its fourth side by the waters of the estuary. A more mournful- looking spot it is not easy to imagine. No mortal could say what the use of it was. It lay off the high road, out of the way of everything. It was generally called " The Square ;" but the idea of a square in connexion with a town is that of a place where people live, or at all events walk; a place devoted to some purpose of business, or relaxation, or ornament; and this square had nothing to do with any such purpose. It had always oeen like that, the people of the town said; and like that it remained, and they seemed rather proud of it. In this square, not quite in the centre, but near to the water, stood an equestrian statue. It was life-size, on a pedestal raised a few feet above the ground. The statue was that of some king or soldier with a sword in the right hand. No one knew or Beemed to care who was the original of the statue, or who was its sculptor. It was of some dark substance; admirers said it was bronze. Its costume was evi dently modem; and Mr. Rothwell was con vinced that it represented a noble personage connected with the town who had done some valorous deed in India, not farther off than the days of Warren Hastings. But in that little place antiquity came on as prematurely as mould in the damp cellar of a new house, and this might have been as old a monument as the horses on the Quirinal-hill without having acquired any higher title to venera tion in the eyes of the folks around. One of the stories told most often to Gondoline when a child was that once a year, that is to say on every Christmas night, when he heard mid night strike from the church clock, the figure dismounted from his horse, and walked round the square. This story made a profound im pression upon her; it charmed and terrified her. There was a fearful fascination in the thought of this inert statue suddenly be coming informed by a supernatural life, and descending to pace around that solemn en closure within hearing of the melancholy surges of the sea. The legend went on to add that if at the time of nis promenade the spectre-statue were disturbed by a mortal voice he would never return to his place on the horse, and some terrible visitation would come on the town. Mr. Rothwell had often explained to his daughter, even in her childhood, the obvious meaning of this absurd story. It was clearly made up by the parents of a past generation, he showed, to amuse ana puzzle their children. " When the statute heard the clock strike he would come down; when he heard it, don't you see, Gondoline ? Why, of course he would, for he never does hear it, you know; he is only a statue; he can't hear; therefore he never comes down; it's only a take-in, my dear, that the silly servants and people have come at last to regard as a serious legend." But Gondoline found herself unable to accept this explana tion. The writer of this story remembers having once seen in a country burial ground a tablet erected by a mourning wife to a dead husband, and on the tablet was an angel in relief holding a trumpet, and beneath, were the words, " When this trumpet shall sound my husband will arise." But we cannot suppose that the mourning widow intended by this ambiguous giving out to imply any doubt of her husband's resurrection. Poor soul, Bhe was doubtless wholly unconscious, and so was her sculptor, of any absurdity in seeming to make the resurrection of the lamented deceased conditional on the sound ing of that marble voiceless trumpet. So in her very childhood Gondoline declined to be lieve that there was any mere quip or blunder in the solemn legend about tne man on the horse and his midnight walk on the Christ mas night. More than one Christmas night she lay awake nurpoBely in her bed until she heard the chimes of midnight, and then she pictured to herself the hero dismounting solemnly and slowly from his horse ana stalking majestically in the spectral moon light. There was a handsome boy, the son of a friend then living near, who used to share Gondoline's anxiety on the subject of this midnight apparition. Young Paul Duncan and she once planned a midnight enterprise at Christmas to see the statue come down from his high horse; and they would per haps have carried it out but that in order to , get their respective hall- doors opened at Bach I an hour it was necessary to take some grown person into the secret; uid this seemed out of the question, for the grown person would infallibly hare objected to the expedition w • -s^. is jit altogether. Indeed, when either of the two little people ventured to suggest to a be liever in the apparition that somebody ought to go and see it some Christmas night the answer always was that the visitor would be sure to cry oat, and then the figure could never remount, and some sad calamity would fall on the place. Mr. Rothwell was much amuBed on hearing of this. Of course ; this was part of the humour of the whole thing. Some calamity was to happen if any body made a noise; therefore nobody was to go; therefore the delation was never to be ex posed. Greater delusions were nourished on the same principle, the philosopher assured his listeners. " I'll go when I'm a big man," said Paul Duncan; and I'll not crv out." " I'll go when I am a woman," said Gondo line, " and I'll not scream—if I can help it." But time has gone on; and Paul Duncan has grown to be a man. He has entered the navy, and has risen to be a lieutenant; and Gondoline has not Been him for many years. She has heard of him occasionally as one perpetually wandering in foreign seas, and having had something to do with the Ashantee Expedition, and having distin guished himself there; but he iB almost as much a myth now to her as the hero on the horse in the old square. She has long left that place; she has been educated ana has grown up; she has loBt her mother; she lives under the care of her father's sister, an elderly Miss Rothwell; she has known one London season. She has been to the opera, and of all operas was most delighted in " Eton Gio vanni," chiefly because of the statne of the Commander, and the Commander's descent from the horse, which bronght back the dear days of her childhood, and its one dreadful, charming legend. Then it fell out that her father was advised to spend a winter in the south-west of England, and he chose to go back for the time to the old place which he had never visited since his wife's death. So Gondoline returned to the scenes of her childhood, and to all the awe and veneration for the old legend. She knew no people there now. Paul Dnncan's family had only been temporary residents there, and were gone years ago. But the statue and the supersti tion remained. The statue, it must be owned, looked prosaic enough in the daylight, but so, doubtlesB, was the form of the grim Com mander in " Don Giovanniand the little Bquare seemed even more melancholy, decay ing, and ghostly in reality than it had shown itself in our heroine's memory. The moment Gondoline returned she made up her mind to one thing. If Fate did not remove her from the land of the living before Christmas night, she would be in that drear enclosure at mid night, and fix her eyes on that statue. The Christmas time drew near. Gondoline breathed her determination to no one. In truth, she was not quite such a believer in the legend as not to dread making herself ridiculous. Perhaps she might have shaken off the whole idea if she liked; but she was romantic as well as superstitious, and she was fascinated by the thought of a mystery and a ghostly secret distinguishing her from all the common world. A half - poetic memoiy of Paul Duncan infused itself somehow into the associations of the legend; Paul Duncan, of whom she was- so fond when they were both children, and who had vanished away beyond far seas since, like another La Perouse so far as she was con cerned. In her mind a weird little drama was constructing itself, in which the statue and Paul Duncan and she were mysteriously, inextricably involved. The Christmas night came. Unluckily for Gondoline it was a night of fierce wild wind, such as that region did not often know. Sometimes her heart almost failed her. But the probability that her father would not pass another winter there determined her. Now, she thought, or never. They were not very late revellers, even at Christmas, in that house. Gondoline sat up in her room until all was silent. At half-past 11 no sound was heard below. She wrapped herself in a cloak which she drew over her head; crept down stairs; with much trouble undid all bolts and bars of the door: care fully drew the door after her until it was nearly closed; and then, with a beating heart, went out into the wild night. She met no one as she hurried on. The town was farther off than the square; and even in the town all was quiet now. She was soon in sight of the square. The statue showed black and grim against the sky. It was the only conspicuous object on the horizon of our heroine's field of view. She gripped her cloak tightly around her, and stood at the railings that guarded the square. Then there came a new and tre mendous gust of wind, and she shrunk for shelter behind one of the old pillars that once bore up a stately gateway between them. Ghostly looked the moon as Gondoline peered out from behind her coldt protector, the pillar. It would be superfluous to say that, just as the girl came on the scene, the moon broke out from a mass of dark ana scurrying, clouds, and sailed like a pale phantom across the sky. This is what under such circum stances the moon always does. Gondoline would not have wished it otherwise. She was glad that everything should be wild, spectral, and fearful. It suited with her mood, her purpose, the hour, the scene. As she gazed half-unnerved upon that white and wan moon she felt the full meaning anil force of the line in the Northern poet whom, she once loved to read—in translation, that is to say—which calls the planet of night " pale angel of destruction." But she had. not a moment's time to think of poetry or of moons just then; for hardly had she en sconced herself behind her pillar from, the wind, which seeemed asif otherwise it would have Bwept her into the tumbling waters, hardly had she drawn her cloak tightly around her, when she heard sounding from, the great church clock in the town the fimt stroke of midnight. " One moment later J' she thought to herself, " and I might have been too late!" " What a ridiculous idiot I am," she was saying, to herself in almost, the same breath. " As if I could really believe such nonsense!" The great, sad, solemn strokes kept thril ling through the night. Once or twioo the wind seized the sound and rapt it. away and whirled it, like the rejected, prayer of the hero in Virgil's poem, into the empty air. The . najponught mean while had fallen on theJh^d and'f&ce; of the equestrian figure, And Gondoline could now see the outlines Wf features. But Btop; a si. her. Why, in the spot uchike^eimhtahd ingthe face ought not tobe^af^ we ui stant before, swicn she eiiteFed^^ melaa> choly enclosure uud looked ^ ,^ the.8t^)9 its face waB turnedjaway froinher ! Qf,ep$*8e. it -was turned a-wa£;it always wasvit ,i|wat be ; the face wasObiy ta be seen fnhaM water; living mortal Minever lookedoa.1 featuresfrom the Spot whereahenoip stood* And now She -was looking on the fane. -was garing across the wide enclosure inh& direction; she could see the features; the.' moustache; she could ses—she knevr J9h$ could—pale,-Reaming, spectral eyes! " Grave writers have contended that no man. or woman oonld ever really have a^neghost. and told of it; * in .. .--sAslSta* the very life, of a human creature could not sustain such a shock to all the settled order of the mind's relations to the world around. , Our heroine was a brave little creature, full of curiosity and full of romance, both con-1 ditions equally tending to make a girl keep up her courage and behave pluckily under new and trying circumstances. Yet when she became convinced at first that she was looking at the face of the statue it did seem to her as if her senses were about to leave her. No moment is to short to allow not merely of thought but of a certain contention «f thoughts; and there were now in the girl's mind two distracting terrors, one worse than the other. Was she doomed to see a super natural apparition; or was she going mad, and in her madness seeing sights which only j disorder sees ? I What length of time this division of j thought occupied in her mind may be under stood from the fact that the clock was still striking its twelve strokes. As the last stroke eang out solemnly through the wind scourged heaven, the astounded girl saw the statue fling its sword-arm as if vauntingly | aloft and flourish its sword in the air. If she stood there she saw it! And then, its face still turned toward the place where she was cowering, the statue began to throw itself from its saddle. She saw the thing throw one leg over the side of the horse, just as a living soldier might do — and, horror of horrors, it was about to leap to the ground not far from where she stood. This was more than nerves of steel could bear; romance had no strengthening spell to bid a girl endure such sights. We are not ashamed to say that Gondoline gave vent to her horror in a wild scream that rang through all the place, and that she turnedand ran from the spot. She ought to have fainted, perhaps, andlain on the I damp cold grass, and been found there pale, chilled, and lifeless by some stranger who would afterwards have turned out to be a lover. Or she ought to have fallen there and been I found a corpse in the grey morning. But she was, after all, too healthy and strong to faint:' and, as for fainting and lying there, the mere | thought of the awful Thing on the horse coming down and approaching her, and bend ing over her, and perhaps touching her with its hand of mouldy, mildewy bronze, animated for the midnight hour by some hideous supernatural charm—the thought would have put new strength into weaker limbs than hers. She kept her senses, there fore, well together, lest they should leave I her alone with that ghastly companion, and, . like Helena in "A Midsummer Night's1 Dream," she trusted to her legs for safety. Twice she fell prostrate on the damp grass and earth. But she was on her feet again in an instant, and away on her wild flight. The man in the '' Ancient Mariner," who On a lonesome road Doth walk in fear and dread, And having once turned round walks on And turns no more his head, Because he knows a frightful fiend Doth close behind him tread. —this unhappy wight was not so wise as Gondoline. For Bhe would not look back for any consideration; and she did not walk, bnt ran at the top of her speed. She had a horrible dread of hearing heavy, trampling, stumbling metallic or stony feet behind her, and of finding that she was pursued by the Spectre. There was even in that moment of agony a certain suggestion of the ridiculous in the notion of a bronze ghost running fall tear after a girl along a country road in the latter part of the nineteenth century. What could she do, or what would happen, if the armed goblin persisted in chasing her np to the door of her temporary home? What would they say to her there if her fatal curiosity had brought upon a hitherto happy, peaceful, and well-ordered household this unearthly and altogether detestable visitor? She ran pant ing, out of breath, sometimes positively mis taking the loud beatings of her own heart for the sound of the pursuing feet of bronze. Kidiculous, indeed, the idea might seem to ordinary persons—to those who had not seen what she had seen. But what to her now were the laws of physical nature? She had seen the statue wave its arm; she had seen it actually coming down from its horse. She was sane, perfectly sane; she now knew well that it was not the imagining of a disordered brain ; she felt that she was perfectly mis tress of herself; and she had seen all this. Idle, indeed, to talk to her of probabilities, of possibilities, of the laws of the physical world, Ten thousand Huxleys—and that were surely a multitude of scientific counsellors—could not persuade her that she had not seen what she had seen. If the statue could come down from its horse why might it not take into its bronze head to pursue her? Who can say what such a statue might not do? What is precedent where such things happen? So she ran like a frightened hare, although no one, in fact, pursued. When at last she reached the gate of her house she ventured to look around, and even to look back. No, there was no phantom or other form pur suing. Alllookedquietandsafe. Even the wind blew less fiercely near that sheltered spot. She crept in through the gate and along the gravelled paths,feehngterribly guilty. She felt like one who, dabbling rashly in unholy arts, has brought demoniac visitation on the quiet lives of innocent persons whom she loved. As she came up to the door she asked her self what would happen if she were to find it closed againBt her ? What if the wind had blown it to? Of if the wind had blown it open with such a crash as to waken the sleepers in the house, and some one hod arisen and closed it and locked het out locked her out in that night of terror, to be captured without hope or help by the ghost if ne only happened to pass that way ? She felt that she could not live through that night -outside the door. And suppose she had to knock and alarm the family, what story could she tell; and would they not believe her to be mad, and send her to a madhouse ? The hall-door was open, however, as she' had left it. She entered softly, and closed it1 behind her, and contrived to put up the chains and bars and make fast the various contrivances which the inmates had adopted to keep the house from harm of burglar. She went up the stairs like one still in a terrible cream. She did not know from what nook or corner strange shapes might start out upon her. When the supernatural invadeS our 'common routine of life in any one quarter, who shall say that it may not obtrude itself i 'in some others—in all others ? She -did not, feel like the same girl who had left the house i a short hour ago. Was ehe, in fact, the same?i As she came near her own room a painful' idea began to take possession of her. Suppose; when she opened the door and looked in she < caw herself, another self, lying quietly asleep - in her bed ? She had read of such things. She had read of phantoms assuming the shape of i the divine, and making fearful confusion in nil the delations of the living to their fellows. NoriOBUcha case did she feel quite assured «S tb her own conviction of identity. She was so ^pejrfaifhed and puzzled by all that had happened that if a form like hers had sho wn iteeif in her room, and claimed to be the real Gondoline, she conld hardly have disputed the Coint with much assurance of making oat her esse.; She would have been com pelled U> give in, she thought, and admit that the girl who had seen the statue moving from its ancient seat must belong to the world of spectres and unrealities, and could have no proper place with the living. Possessed with this fantastic terror she actually paused for some moments at the door, with the handle in her hand, afraid to look in. At last she opened the door, and found that at least no trial awaited her there. All looked just as she had left it. There was no supernatural, sub-natural, natural, or other girl there to dispute her right of pos session. The light was burning; her book was lying open where she had put it down unread. She got new courage from the quiet, orderly, commonplace look of everything. The supernatural seemed as far off and im possible as ever, when she had settled her self comfortably into this pleasant healthy 1 little nest. In a few moments she was un , dressed and in bed; and at last, after many startings and alarms and sudden wakings out of short perturbed slumbers, and much shivering ana penitence, and some hysterical tears, she actually fell asleep. When she woke in the morning the sun was bright, and there were sounds of life and movement everywhere through the house. The fierce winds of the night had died away. The trees which she could see through the window from her bed were not even tossing their branches. Gondoline awoke with an intense feeling of relief. She felt as bright and happy as one who has shaken off some terribly realistic and yet fantastic dream. Everything seemed so gladsome and natural all around her that it was not possible to think of supernatural horrors. She was for a moment or two inclined to believe that the whole adventure of the night had only been an uneasy dream. But when she rose and began to look around the room, and saw the dress and cloak she had worn all stained with the mud of the road where she had fallen in her flight, then she found all the reality and the fearful unreality of the midnight adven ture coming back upon her; and the melan choly conviction filled her mind that she had somehow contrived to open for herself the awful gates of the supernatural, which, once flung apart, it is not easy for mortal to close again. When her maid came in to help her to dress, it must have been plain to any one that the young woman had some piece of news of more than common import to tell. " What is it, Sarah?" our heroine asked, feeling that some such invitation was expected of her. [ " O, Miss, do you know what has happened? j It was in the night. Do you know the maa | on horseback?—the statue?" " Yes, yes, Sarah—what about it?" ! "Fallen down, Miss, in the nightFallen off the horse!" Gondoline sat down in sheer agitation. " Go on, Sarah," she said; and she con trolled her emotions as well as she could. "Well, Miss, what I hear is this; there were some mea sent into the square to- day to see if any of the trees had come to harm in the storm last night, and the first thing they saw when they got into the place was the statue lying on the ground." "On which side was it lying, Sarah?" Gondoline had acquired a desperate kind of calmness now, as became one who was evi dently forced into communication with the world of spirits, and who therefore must be supposed to have nerves beyond those of common mortals. "On the aide as you go in from here, I'm told, Miss." " The Bide away from the water ? " " Yes, Miss." Of course. She might have known it. On that side it was that she saw the figure dis mounting. Always she had heard that if the voice of mortal disturbed the statue he would never be able to remount his steed. It was her scream that had disturbed him ; and the spell was broken, and he fell to the ground an inert lump of bronze or some such un etherial substance. For the moment he had been animated by a magical mysterious life; a life not of mortals but of some sphere that mortals know not of; and then the shriek of woman disturbed him; and the weird life was banished from his artificial form, and he be came stolid clay or metal again. The old legend had proved true; the old prophecy that wise people laughed at was fulfilled; the childish tele was approved a terrible reality. What might not happen since this had happened ? " They say it's unlucky, Miss," the voluble Sarah went ou, delighting, as is the wont of her class, in any prospect of general mis fortune—" they say it will bring bad times upon the place." " I suppose so, Sarah," her mistress an swered, wearily: " I can well believe it; des tiny has marked some beings for strange mis fortunes." When Gondoline thus spoke of beings fated for strauge chances, she was not, it seemB needless to say, thinking of the neigh bours around. She was thinking of herself. Her destiny was linked in some mysterious way with that of the enchanted horseman. She, of all human beings, had alone been privileged or fated to see him move. She hod seen his face. It was paiid, dark, hand Borne, full of a weird and spectral beauty—a beauty not of this earth, she thought. Hi'« face was turned towards her as he prepared to descend, she felt certain, although she could not say that she saw the spectral eyes clearly enough to.know whether they were aware of her presence. How if he was coming towards her? How if he were a spectral lover? She had heard of such things in stories that people—and she, too —once laughed at. Was she prepared to laugh at such things any more, seeing what she had seen? On the whole she was not made unhappy by what had happened. She felt a certain pride in it. She was not like ordinary girls who pass through a commonplace well ordered life. Hers was a strange—indeed, perhaps, unique—destiny. She was sad, but proud. For what might come next, be it what it would, she was well prepared. The face of the mysterious figure dwelt with her; would dwell with her always, she was well assured. So handsome, so dark; with such a noble expression, such a very picturesque moustache. She could never forget that face. It should live in her dreams ana her waking thoughts for ever. She would never have a lover ; that is, an earthly lover. Of course she would never get married. Marriage might suit other girls. Her destiny was a different one, assigned by stranger fates. The household was all full of the news. The statue had, indeed, been found prostrate as Sarah had reported. When the men went' into the.gloomy little enclosure with the first dawn the figure was down; there in the twi-' light cold and grey, lifeless but beautiful he s lay- There was no accounting for the fact; except, of course, that the wind had blown him down. This, perhaps, did not seem a very unreasonable way of explaining the; hero's fall. But then why ehould he have fallen <m that particular ptfJit, that Christ mas night, and not on Mpotberf why not have fallen on Easter Sunday night ? or on Hadyday? TobesureitJowttMsutidthat none of these particular occasions mar have been furnished with a gale of wind strong enough to dismount the hero. But there had been windy nights before that, and why did not the statue fall on any of those nights ? True it is, as chilling reason would interpose to say, that a statue or any other object that falls must begin falling some time; and its having weathered the gale of a year ago does not conclusively prove that magic must be at work if it yields to the gale of this year. The fact remained that the old legend had always connected the fall of the statue some how with a Christmas night; and lo 1 on a Christmas night had he fallen. Gondoline smiled a sad superior smile as she listened to all this. She was amused and amazed at the narrowed intellects, the dull prosaic minds of average human beings. Here were people persisting in finding some thing profoundly mysterious in the fall of this statue on the Christmas night: and they never thought of asking whether the rest of the legend might not have been fulfilled. No one appeared to suggest that the whole of the story might be true, and that the statue trying to descend had been disturbed by the cry ot alarm, and had found the vivifying spell suddenly broken, and so became a lifeless mass. None thought of asking, " Had a mortal been on the spot at the time ?" None thought of asking who the mortal might have been. The little enclosure by the water was crowded all the day. In its centre, prostrate, prone, lay the hero of the hour. At least, there lay as much of him as had heroically held together during his fall. One foot and part of the leg to which it belonged had re mained in the stirrup ; the leg on the land ward side of the statue. Evidently, on our heroine's theory of the supernatural posses sion of the figure, it was just when the other leg was out of the stirrup that the cry of terror iu a mortal voice reached his ears ; and the supernatural life vanished and so much of the form as had been loosed from the saddle came to earth, the rest remaining be hind. It did not seem a very heroic form, now that it lay on earth. It was not in fact a bronze statue at all; but only a figment of some kind of plaster covered with thin metallic casing. Lying prone with its limbs in proper equestrian attitude, it looked to the common eye a somewhat ridiculous form. Its face was bedded in the green turf at first; and when it was raised the features were found to be con siderably disfigured and battered, bo that our heroine could not recall much of that won drous beauty which she had seen the night before. That mattered little to her. The face she had seen was photographed on her mind and memory for ever. But it pained her not a little to hear the irreverent remarks of a thoughtless few who could see nothing on the ground but a battered and trumpery old image, something like a ship's figure-head which has stood out against many seas. She heard a pretty lady-like girl speak of it as "an old guy." She did not like that girl. Mr. Rothwell was greatly interested in the whole affair. He set himself at once to criti cise all the various theories of the fall of the statue, ;and to cross-examine everybody who had a suggestion to offer, or who ought to have been, according to his view of the mat ter, in a position to tender some explanation. He was particularly pressing in his questions to those who lived nearest to the place. No one lived very near; but Mr. Rothwell con tended that some of the neighbours lived quitq.h.ear enough, to have heard some sound as tbe'-atatue feu to the earth. He thought that, as OcfaYius says of the fall of Antony, the breaking of so great a thing should make a greater crack. Our heroine only smiled to herself. She knew better. No crash whatever had accompanied that supernatural descent. She had ears for all sounds as she ran from the square that night; and no echo of a thun derous fall had pursued her in her flight. That was what one might call the natural part of the supernatural Of course, an ordinary statue must have made a great sound in coming to earth, but this came down like falling snow. There were, indeed, some of the residents near who did say that they heard, above all the roar of the wind, a heavy sound in the night, as of some falling body of unuBual ponderosity. But the evidence of those persons was tainted by two defects. First, each of them—they were not many—was just on the point of calling the attention of wife or husband, as the case might be, to the fact, but for some reason or other refrained from so doing, and said nothing about it. Next, each of those who professed to have heard any noise at all was clear that the time of its hearing was long before midnight. One or two were par ticular about the hour, because they insisted they were not in bed when they heard the sound, and that they were never out of bed after 12 o'clock in their lives. But no one had looked at a clock on hearing the sound, or taken any precise note of the time. They were, m truth, rather a lazy and easy-going people, not much given to taking heed of precise hours. "We count timeby heart throbs, says a poet who was once a celebrity; not by figures on a dial." The people of j <lu'ef l}lace bad but few heart- throbs, and therefore could not well keep time in that poetic way; and it would have been a trying heart-throb to most of them to have to trouble about figures on a diaL " Just observe thiB, my dear," said Mr. Rothwell, who rarely lost an opportunity of' impressing on any intelligent mind some lesson as to the weakness and uncertainty of i popular testimony; "it is curious to see how I in these cases, where all depends on exact-1 ness of time, perhaps as to a second of time,: none of this kind of people ever know any- [ thing about it. Considering that there is this' ridiculous old legend about this statue, and > its destined fall at midnight on the Christ mas, it would, at all events, be interesting to know that it had fallen at the exact hour., But you see nobody knows; or if they do know they give you the most ridiculous1 reasons for their opinion. Probably they are! & silly, superstitious set Who really fancy that some misfortune will fall on them if the" old legend has come true ; and they want to make out at all cost that the statue came down before midnight." There was nothing more to be got out of the people there. Mr. Rothwell turned away, our heroine leaning on his arm. The short winter day was falling. The grey dusk was setting iu; the sky was melancholy; the water was of a leaden, hue; the whole aspect of the place seemed to the girl uncanny. She was glad to go away and think over things for herself. She /did not like the unpoetic cross-examinations i she was not pleased with the sight of the fallen figure and the hearing of the comments that were made on it. TheyTieemed to Her out of harmony with the poetic xnelanchmy of the scene, the sky, the water, to'speak of nothing else. As she left the place she was almost inclined to believe that she must have dreamed all that she thought she saw inthemght It seemed , "absurd to associato anything of the .supernatural with just Clumsy old image oh which such jesting comments were made, and abput wbichauqh a rationalistic cross-examination had taken place, Yet surely she could not doubttbe i clear evidence of her own eyes and ears. " If I stand here," says Macbeth, " I saw him." As they were leaving the enclosure Gon doline turned back for one other glance at the scene, and perhaps at the fallen statue; and a cry rose to her lips. " If I stand here I see him," she might have said; for there, leaning with easy and yet stately grace against the still erect pedestal on which the horse stood also erect, there with his back to the sea, and gazing thoughtfully down upon the figure, stood the being she had seen in the night. It was he; pale, dark, with the mouBtache she had so clearly seen, with the sad and majestic expression: there he was, the form that had descended from his saddle when the midnight hour had ceased to strike. Mr. Rothwell could not avoid hearing her little startled cry. "What is the matter, Gondoline?" he asked, in some BurpriBe. " Who is that ?" she asked. " Which, my dear—who ?" " That—that—stranger—standing near the horse—just opposite to us." She did not at first know wnat to call the intruder; it seemed absurd to say " that manstill more absurd to say " that gentleman " or "that person." Happily, in her" confusion, a wave of inspiration brought the in every way suit able word " stranger." " Don't know, I'm sure," said Mr. Roth well. "Is he a stranger, I wonder? He looks a handsome fellow. Did you think you had seen him somewhere before ?" " I have seen him somewhere before," said the girl solemnly. " Let lis go back," Mr. Rothwell said, de lighted to have a chance of talking to any body new. They turned ; Gondoline, indeed, with an agitated mixture of fear, longing, and curiosity; and also with a conviction that the stranger would not wait their com ing. Her expectation proved right. Some two or three groups of persons were coming out of the square as they were returning to it; and the contending politeness of Mr. Rothwell and some of those whom they met interposed a momentary delay. When they reached the place again the stranger was no longer there. He had gone out on the water side, and, to use the phrase most proper to the mood of at least one person there, he had disappeared. She knew it would be so ; she felt it foretold to her that he would not await her coming. Mr Rothwell, of course, asked some ques tions about the mysterious personage. He had come in suddenly, some persons told him; and he went away suddenly also. He spoke " scornful like," one man said, about the suggested explanation that the wind had thrown down the figure, "I should think he did," our heroine said to herself. Nobody knew who he was. " I should think not," the girl murmured. " And yet it seems to me as if I had seen his face before," one man added. " You have seen his face before," she said to her own souL Mr. Rothwell and his daughter returned to London when the season drew near. The statue was not restored to its old place. With a quiet acceptance of established facts, entirely characteristic of them, the people of the town suffered it to lie where it fell, and there to accumulate new legends around it suitable to its altered position. No very particular misfortune fell on the town; but, of course, there were sicknesses and deaths, there were storms and wrecks; and whenever anything of the kind happened, although it were only such as had been happening every year, it was set down to the account of the fallen statue. In Gondoline 8 mind, however, there was less chance now than ever of the statue being forgotten. For one night, as she was in the thick of a London evening party, her aunt, Miss Rothwell, came to her and told her that an old friend, Paul Duncan, was anxious to renew his acquaintance with her; and Gon doline, looking up, saw before her the living form of the mysterious statue—not, indeed, as it appeared fallen, ignominious, and prosaic; but as she saw it on the one memorable night. There could be 110 mis take ; the same pale face, the same dark complexion, the same moustache, the same eyes, as she saw them on the wild wan midnight of that Christmas. From that moment Gondoline felt that a mysterious fate united their destinies. She did not, indeed, fancy that the supernatural figure and the handsome young seaman were one ; but the fact that the figure had been made to wear in her eyes the very features of Paul Duncan showed that fate had resolved to throw some mystic band around them, dividing their destinies from those of others. Perhaps Mr. Rothwell might have explained all this by arguing that even from her child hood Gondoline had been in love with Paul Duncan; that she had always been thinking of him; and that thus and not otherwise haa she come to fancy she saw his likeness in an old image, which assuredly bore no resem blance whatever to him that other and ordi nary eyes could see. Gondoline would have answered such reasoning by asking how she could have known the face of Paul Duncan,' the grown man, before she had ever seen it; how she could have identified it with the face; of the statue when she had not an opportu-' nity of knowing what it was like? Mr., Rothwell would, doubtless, have said that -the imagined likeness was all an afterthought! —but to what avail to pursue such a discus-1 ■sion ? Gondoline had as yet carefully avoided j speaking to Paul Duncan about her weird;, adventure. She feared it might make him!; uneasy; might piake him think some strange spellwas wound around his life; perhaps j put him in fear of an early death. She! cherished in secret her conviction that fate! and metaphysical aid had combined to work ■ out her life's romance. So much of the; romance went on to happy fulfilment that it: was soon acknowledged by each of the young' people that they were very much in love one; with aniother; and the relations on both sides agreed that there was no reason what-! ever that they should not be married. Paul Duncan was to give up the sea: to coil up his hopes and cast anchor on shore, as, if we remember rightly, the bold smuggler, Will Watch, of our childhood, - made up his mind to do a little too late. Our pair were married in due time, and went to spend their first month of married life in the place ^here Gondoline was born. This was ner especial stipulation. She had almost made it a condition of marriage. She-had insisted on it with an earnestness which was all the more strange, seeing that neither her husband nor any one else was iri the least degree likely to dispute her wishes, . So^ on asOft evening in early autumn, Gon doline and her young husband stood together in' the old square. She .had brought him thither purposely; if vraee. sacred and- a fateful place for her, and she felt that now t£ey wfere married it was her duty tp tell him The hprse stood on his pedestal as before. The hero who had opce held so brave a place intfrn saddle layfacpdownwprd on theearth. Gondoline looked with eyes, of deep emo tion into her husband's face. , ''What memories we have clinging to this ■5^Q place and that statue," she BahTTT^ tone. in a] " Yes-haven'twe?" Paul answered but without anything of the weird - nous in his manner, 'f Don't you rem A when we were children how we uswhI lieve in the old story about it, and S3 to stay up some ChriBtmas nieht the old fellow would come foSfco7 horse ? un "Have you no faith in that storv'" dohne gravely asked, in the voice of one« has convictions that may not well he J» borne. ue °| " Why, no, darling; of course 1 none: nor you, I suppose, Gondolin'e *" "And so have I," Paul answered uHfl laugh. ' 11 "I did come here one Christmasnia she said. ? " And so did I!" Paul exclaimed in f wonder. ' " You too ! 0, Paul, this is stranee' me all." ' "Well, it isn't much," he said will laugh; "and it's rather ridiculous j vessel put into the port yonder last Christ! Day, because of the gale; and I thoughtl like to see the old place, so I came ovel the night. I remembered all about youf me and the old statue; and I thought! like to come at midnight for the sake ol the memories. So I came a little befol o'clock—thinking of you all the time-1 when I got here I found that the wind unhorsed the poor old figure. I cou help thinking of our old story; and I u know why, 1 got up on the horse and there until 12 o'clock struck, and thl flourished my sword and was about! scending in grand melodramatic style, vl I heard a scream from a woman's voice ;1 I began to be afraid I should rouse] entire place and be accused of having thrl down the old Btatue, and committed sacrijj perhaps, or what not; so I got awaj quickly as I could. I ran over next dis see how things were looking, and I fa that no one seemed to know anything a] my feat of midnight horsemanship; anl sailed that evening ,* and that's all, Iovel "Then it was you," Gondoline exclaiir " I saw on the horse that night—you self, Paul ?" " You saw? Then were you here ? Wl you who gave the scream I heard? "W| from you I was running away ?" " And from you I was running aw Gondoline said, a little ashamed now off mysterious adventure, but not sorry, perb to be relieved from the bonds of her ui with the supernatural world. Then she] him the whole story, and they laughed I at it, but prudently agreed to keep il themselves, lest others too might laugh. " The only thing," Gondoline said, as were turning away from the enchanted closure, " that disappoints me is that] there 'seems no mysterious bond of drawing you and me together." " O, but I don't think so," he aq earnestly. " What could be more stn than the chance that threw me ashore' that very night—that brought you here J London, and me from China—brought! both to thiB place for the first time sincl were children ; and brought us here togs alone and each thinking of the other, I not knowing where theother was, or whs we should ever meet again—each—" S " Each running away from the otH Gondoline said, laughing. "Yes, I supl there was mysterious destiny enough m J to content any lover of the romantic, events, I am content." , . " And I am happy," he said. As they] leaving they turned back for a moment! looked at the fallen statue, now utterlyf enchanted. . ,, ^ „, " 1 love the old fellow all the same, i Paul, "audi owe him a good turn. V set him up again in his old place,| Gondol and make him our patron saint. _ J " And we'll come again some Cnrisfl night, and visit him when the clock stn 12," said she; and they went home happy. 