miscellaneous Items. A telegram has been received at Echuca from Mr. Berry r f stating that the Government intend inviting tenders for the supply of 200,000 sleepers for future use, so as to reheve the depression in the saw-mill trade. THE first railway engine has arrived at Millicent. It was dragged from Rivioli bay by a team of bullocks. It is fco be employodm dragging the sleepers from 'MHlicent along, the line ifo Rivoli Bay. Work is now totally suspended 1 on the line, and is not likely to be iesumed till O c t o b e r . — B o r d e r W a t c h : - \ • THE crops around Kadina and Wallaroo (says the Wallaroo Times) are looking exceptionally well. A; gentleman who has come from the North informs lis that k® hai not seen anything in his travels to excel them.' Mr.Bleikly, near Kadina, has a crop,; of which we haVe been shown a sample 3 feet high; "So is Hoskings' 0* - ' ' THE North Midland : Road Board are; pushing on the- road making "between Gladstone and Georgetown, so that we shrill soon have the pleasure of being able to travel it without running the risk oi a capsize in some mudhole, or tjrudgihg knee deep in slush and water in consequence of a stick-up.—Area* E x p r e s s . ANOTHER steamer for the Australian trade is being built by Messrs. Money Wigram & Sons, of London. She, is to be 320ft. ' loiig, 40 ft. beam, 2,500 tons burthen^- and full power, machinery. All the latest improvements will be intro duced in lier Construction, and there is no doubt but that she: will" prove a valuable acquisition to their alreaidy famous fleet:of steamers; SHEEP-STEALENG AT CASTERTON.—The four alleged casesof sheep-stealing from the stations of Messrs. <?armichael^ Anderson, -O^Keilly,-and Robertson, agaii^st the M DonaM 'Brothers, of Ascot'Heath, occupied the x Casterton Bench on Wednesday, Thursday^ and Friday last, and resulted- in the accused being committed to the Hamilton' Assizes, on all -foior charges* on the 20th of August.—Z&wZ.; ' - FIND OF GOLD AT BAT.T.ARAT,—On Saturday morning the Black Hill United tributors (says the Courier) came upon a. splendid .nugget of gold, weighing, with a smaH amount of quart^ attached, 136 xxs. Together, mth; this, another 9 oz. free gold was taken from 'the. &me; nest. The find was a most welcome one to the tributors, who have been for- a loi^g time working .with small results, and will give them ~ a good dividend. • ' SPURIOUS Com.—The teller of the Bank' of South Australia, Moonta (says the Yorhe's Peninsula Advertiser) has shown us a spurious two-shilling piece which has found its way into circulation here and was being passed in with some good coins, but was fortunately detected. The spurious coin has very much the appearance of the sterling two-shilling piece, but is heavier and deader in sound, the milling on the edges is deeper, and on comparison the crown on the head .is discovered to be longer. People should be car^ful in taking new two- shilling pieces. •c. A CORRESPONDENT states (remarks the W a l - laroo 7Yw<!s) that about 12 miles of the road before reaching Maitland is a perfect bog of mud and water, and Mr.- Opie has great difficulty in conveying the mails in consequence. A number of men are, however, employed in raising stone and repairing it in various places. The crops look very strong and healthy, but owing to the cold weather they are not in aTery forward condition. Maitland appears to be progressing satisfactorily. A Post Office and Telegraph Station are about to be erected; the Bank of. South Australia has a branch establishment in the town; Mr. Driscoll has added a large room to his hotel, in which assemblies, &c.; , can be held, and people in business do not complain of slackness of trade. / AN account is given by the M ' F v o r Times of the killing of a horse by an infuriated cow. Our contemporary says :—" Mr. Edward Brady had the misfortune on Saturday last to lose a horse, and narrowly escaped injury himself. On the day named lie went in search of a cow he 3iad lost, and found it near-the old One-Eye Rush. The cow no sooner saw him than it started^ off and he gave chase, and followed it abtfut three miles, being unable to turn it. After-going rti^distance, the cow suddenly turned round and came back full butt at him, aftd before he-could turn out of the way the cow drove one of its horns into the chest of his ,horse, which went'on about fifty yards further, and fell dead under him." THE Sydney Evening News describes the following extrordinary occurrence :—" A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does, not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats, or, in their Absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at thethatf- " hour forenoon interval In one branch of ilia Lands Office a day has neveifpassed over without complaints of some unscrupulous hand being lajid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimisedfour times successively not a week ago, and the horrible presentiment came to hia ^ that the chief of the branch was the<nilprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bring ; the offender to justice. The whole of the) lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief felt dimwlmftfl • to dine, and at 2 Was sure he was attacked-by; cholera or typhoid. Half -an hour later the real' symptoms were apparent, and ihe sympathieB pf : the officers of the department increased _«s thfe tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going J to give up the ghost (as he had a fearful daad* but instead of that gave'-ap the dinner. He lias since petitioned for the removal, it is said, .of the principal conspirator, on the ground of in-1 subordination." THE Border WtUch SAYB —The Ptenola, wMch landing passengers or goods, was unable to come to the anchorage again until Monday morning in i consequence of the heavy weather prevailing. She was then able to discharge) and geft away ijji the afternoon for Melbourne. It appears the Penola went to sea on Friday through a While picking up the moorings a flag waa i descried on the flagstaff This was taken j to. be the black flag ^warning the steamer, out, and Captain Snewin reluctantly went, to sea. He could see nothing to warxant this, but he obeyed. It turns out the jtfag actually hoisted was the .Uinon Jack," which was: 1 run np to indicate that the life-boat erew Were going out for exercise. A gun that was fired^ r and wliich Captain Snewin supposed was meant to draw his ^attention to the nag, was simply the , isummons for the lifeboat orew. Titus'the* steamer lost three day, and her passengers en- ' dured much - inconvenience, tiirough' a --"Twjr^' isimple blunder. ONB day last week a man went to a farmer in this neighbourhood and asked him for work at grubbing. The farmer asked what terms lie" wanted. 13ie man replied that he had been at that sort of work'throe years, and Jiad been getting 30s. per acre, half the price of tiie roots and timber when they had IWCQ carried id market, and half the cropothe first yeigr, and ^Mio the second. Of cours^'^added the^xtan, K* pf ! there's np crop I lose my half share." The farmer seemed struck with the modesty ©f tlfca ; proposal, t and at once said, " I'll give ffpu^tlie . whoTe fann, f^tees, improvements and 'take^ it away with you, my friend." The grubbier : declined, not liking to impose on good nature, but retired with the air of a : man who ppssessed all the virtues.—Y. P . Advertiser, MB. PLUMMES and the other teachers at the Model School at Wallaroo mines, have to contend with the discouragement of a poor attendance—that is as compared with the extent of the population of the locality. . No fewer than twenty of the schollars, uder' the age of twelve . years, have been withdrawn that they m^y go to cracking stones for ballast on the railway, -. And well-nigh a hundred others are nnable to attend during these winter months because they cannot.: gain acceass to the schboL The roll shows ^>77 since the school started, made up thus :—In the infant department, boyB 113, girls 105 f primary, boys 209, Jgirls 220. The average daily afcten ? dauce during that time ^.eaving out very wet days), has beenabout 350. There Is plenty for compulsory education to do here.-—Yorhe's Peninsula. \- • - 'r ON Thursday laist (says the. Port Augusta Dispatch) Police-constable Hill, who is now stationed at Saltia^ received message from Pichi, Richi to the effect that a young man named Raines Stuart, who appeared to be insane, had wandered away from the railway works on Wednesday, and it was:not known where he had : gone. PoKce-constable Hill tod Constable Raflford went immediately in seardi of thfe lost mail, and towards evening he was found and arresfced by Mr. Hill, who bros^jht him dowii to ^hc Pprt. From what we have hiard of the case, we haw liUle doubt that thb- -is ^ aziotiie^ iiMftttnee. of ; <klirium, ihe eflfects of hard drinking, . and we are sorry to observe that Ifliese cases' are greatly on the increase of late in ihe North, atid in the .colony- generally, so ntueh ^so as to give considerable force to the arguments i>{ tiiose who contend that in the case of intoxicating drinks the liberty of the individual should be curbed for the public benefit. It appears that Stewart, when he was arrested, was nnder the impression that he had committed a murder, and he was - going to be shot for it. He must 'have sufiiered considerably from the exposttte on Wednesday night and the want oi food during the time he was away. When found he was without a hat, and his clothes had been very mnch torn in his rarables among the rocks. ^ ! ON Tuesday last (says the Border Watck) iho locomotives crossed the new bridge across the Murray at Ediuca' -for the finst^ time. Two heavy English engines, weighing over 45 tons each, arrived specially from Sandhurst that: morning, and at ll o'clock proceeded over' tiie bridge coupled together, ^ Messrs, Lunt, : Edwards, and other members erf ihe en^neering department were present at the testing. The greatest deflection by the weight ofc the engines was ever the river spans, where the bridge was depressed a quarter of an inc^; along the land spans the average deflection was theuxteenth of an inch, but no perQiaxient lowering took place, the bridge rising immediately it was relieved of, the weight. The formal driving of the last xi^et of the ironwork was performed oy Messrs. Lunt, givgn. for The Bridge is ex- " _ ill a month. The test was M ^ing^xno^t successful, showing that, constructed. The expressed a favorable of the work. ^fi^iae^ (the Waffam) Times " iiejr chums'''' are'^the '^ul^ dSangerouB jokes. An instance was ^rqi^ct-biefore ouiv notice, a few "days ago, in ^h^ilBCHaie ; lairUdns had pli^red t heir C^r^bs^^ ene worthy defenders «>f peace on duty recently in one r . Peninsula -Townships. The subject'of ^^^oite ^ Wakefield, of unsound mind, , wfo^ Adelaide per coach, ' : and^iiie^i«sponsibility<>f the custodian was to 5 ^orfc Wakekeld. The journey to that '^•rjptijeBfli^^^^imed satisfactorily, the charge \- 'isjrjw handed oyer, and our friend, having reiimer man, proceeded in the direcyUon of -the coach stand for the purpose of re- ^urm^. l "When he arrived there, to his horror he c^^verod it had departed, and was already ~«onse hamdreeLs of yards off. He rushed back to -hoti^y&Rli; where several persons were stand- • ing,,and- in- has X>WEL irords cried out, " A harse, bjre^a haxse,4he<livil a saddle, but a harse and a ^ck 4 :We tsrejnot iaware 'whether the Aaian- Mark Twain presented his ^Mexican: plug" has brought that _ ^foftffijnifoftK^ -WaJcftkriiii ; if not, why ) i^ieh there must be others of the same breed in .•: the -cblpnyv^one of: which was at ; once presented u-^^ffV^'J^fflauaa iPeace Officer" for the purt' experience Lengthy as that of Mark Ifl^hen he -mounted, the animal comu- _mence& the shooting into the air trick, but the £i^,^%iev2i9^erdescended tlie • 4 plug" had dejKttied.. \- ^umerbus apologies weremade, a fresh ; noise wait procured, arid we believe the unforat' Kulpara. dodger .visited Glencoe ^•.^^p^eeteaid.y ^ repbrtedthat.he had killed <saya the Border:. Watch) a notorious sheep- killing wisBt !a-.great scourge: to Messrs. land Cji^y &'SuftoiL. _; He produced the skin in proof, . iajid-was rewarded Swith a cheque: for £10. He who supplemented > a cheque for £5i: In a few days j. tt-j^ii^gired that the- dog killed was one picked s ; :up ^t ^od^ fiWbier, which had a strong family ^ eheep-killer ; and that the sheep- '^^tma^Jw^ais 'ever: and . at -his old voca- W. Crouch informs us le saSnepaper) that a party; of blacks, ripieii ^b^. him*^tq hunt wild dpgs pnhis progot •'upon the track of a J^knOWii bitelra few day ago. Theiy, followed tattiiiey discovered her with- five pups in a f^^^bit fif ^^^ub s in the south-west corner of The mother succeeded in escapr^five \- pups^ were /destroyed. MR. ^ scpeoplenavemadeseveral atfo J&ak;^wfcf bitch, but she -always | She ^ ^ is at costly visitor, T ^ to. I IMs^'^febp' fliia -^easani I The j reward of 10s. a head :. , " s :the Stock; I?roteeiion : vs^^l^J^^^Sfeuni - down the sh^4cilling " ioffie 'ab«haiice of f " dingo | sx>ri 3ie Border.. g^l^PASPEG^B^.-';^^- SOTJTH-"RA STERN 'has been,a miatt^: of have. I ^ |rtte ^th which we L i^wnrA^iaad that xne space available 1 =to'^-crdwd out, or to comnews. We appreciation of our efforts blfe ^aid^the generous supporfc of ad gabled to make fthe . iannouncement • have heen made for enlarg- :Stan . .. We i hopein the s tocommence .thepubli- 'fulfil lie' promise • and: ,,, make the . , S.. E. . . ^- f^ v^ ' J folkmng_£rom the Y.P. Adver-1 Doora.—1 lay we learned 1 at this mine that 1 _ Atr Hiiggs' shaft the I to-t&s; south ; but a party I sunlcna ishaft: 55 feet in a 1 M-r from'that shaft, and at f^fpUi^&thoniB; and two feet they have ^ A ^ feet bigf C»^ of green carper cent. Thb * e'pficommg-upona w bunch. The S^vi^Sl^ lhe r.j^rs of J thfe l p ^ P ^ a m B : on Wednesday 1 t^Mch'betoken " " ' • * uo fall- — ' [lafr^f ®hte lodes< Operated upon.; e ^he :?floors were relieved of a jdf ore^that ^a?ed "23 *per cent., ^ ?tpns> of Sthe' same h^h cla^s, •'shaft ; another lot from the .randafiother fromthe 20 east-—all 3ri-fthe four - years4hat this ^^j^ba^ifa^ management^pf Capt. : ^ ^ ^ ^ sfpaMux^ of wprk has been done, '.i^m. ."at. tins jaf. .pie, : .aiid as _ , „ ^ Qie -Wdtttaroo„ Time 4hosewho ^e;anarket. Besides^El ^ w ^^B^^be tyjle M ^een^iind grey orfe, 1 to the There was also ? a nice s^tone& bf fine ore raised whilst sink- OMm Bol^aize; pi^MC tiLe: party, ? are J ii'i ^ey Jb^e po^ta load of^^ f^M^SE^og^^^aa^aasriS ieet fiom sThp " rptiiattiielode otd 5 "woAiiuw,v both Whilst a niuiiber of the men were at work at this shaft, others went down to the JO fathoms in the old workings, and after clearing away tlie addle,, rose '3 fathoms, breaking away splendid ore from, the hanging wall; the lode at this point being 4 feet big. For safely, and for the better working of this part" of the mine, the party have commenced to sink a whip shaft, at wliifeh they have reached a depth qf 3 fothoms. This shaft is being sunk between the engine house and Ricluhonds. We understand the party have between 30 and 40 tons of ore, nearly ready for market, which has been raised during the past six weeks, Mr. George Burgess worked on this property, for four years before it was " knocked" and is consequently well acquainted with the nature of the country. THE Iiosis OF THE JAMES SERVICE. — Unlike the wreck of the Loch Ard, the wreck of the James Service has not left one alive to tell—to tell what ? Would it have been to tell that in this case the wrecked ship was provided with proper life-saving appliances, but that winds and waves were averse ? The cargo, luggage, cabin fittings, and dead bodies, on the beach, tell a very different tale. If those dead bodies could speak, they would probably Bay that the James Service had ai gallant captain, and good officers and crew, but that she had boats—ship's boats— and that therefore when she came to grief, although tlie winds and waves were operating favorably for anything that would float, it was not within the power of seamanship to save one single life< of all the souls on board, Some of the boats were probably' smashed before they could drown the people; and the others drowned the people before they could be smashed. We .suppose that this sort of thing will continue until another Gothenburg scene occurs nearer home: Till "then why should any survive to tellthe old story of-wrecks which nobody seems to heed ? To "go down with their ship and die like sailors" may sound very well when read aloud, of imaginary sailors, by the fireside; but to our thinking it would be more business-like in real life to do something to enable the people ..to get ashore. Ships don't generally -drift on to weather shores, but on to lee shores, and all that is wanted in many cases -is,' something to keep them from being drowned whilst the winds and waves drive them to land—rafts for this purpose have been invented, which are said to have very: great life- saving poioer* A supply of provisions is supposed to be always in readiness in their lockers—-they-have~a- small sail, and, if all is true that is said about their sea-going capabilities, their use " would have isaved all the passengers who were drowned on board of the Gothenburg,: Loch Ard, and James Service. It might .easily be ascertained whether or not these "life-rafts" deserye their name. If they do, and yet are not availed of, we.do not see how j shipowners concerned in recent wrecks can be bleared of the guilt of manslaughter, or how, in such cases, the proper authorities can be cleared of that crime either. The criminality of long continued and fatal neglect on the part of ship Owners, or 'bus proprietors,, is undoubtedly shared by those whose duty it is to stop that sort of thing, arid who yet " allow it to go on. CHINESE.-—It appears that the Chinese are p^y to become unpleasantly apt pupils of those p la^lon8 which have been teaching them to fight, one time the Chinese were a very warlike peo- P le » a^d canned their conquests far and wide, fS 1 ® 8 * jf literature and philosophy. The sayfflf, -W turn when-trodden . upon, i^ probaDly be illustrated by the near future of Chineise, history, when it wiH probably turn into a Serpent or dragon. For many years the Chinese viewed with ^ supr^ne contempt the barbarians who visited their shores to trade, and kept them viiTr>ii at a respectful w „. distance, tTirniii not suffering SSSk to waiter iekto^s, or tom^STS peopie. The barbarians, -however, being _ in 7 good - practice - • in the art • of - war, which" - - the Chinese had long laid aside, took from the Celestials concession, after concession, by force, and, to a certain ex tent, forced a trade, which, in many respects, Was,. and is, distasteful to the Chinese au&orities;, who wished nothing better for their people than that they fshould be left alone to manage their own afialrs in their own. way. It 18 probable that from mutual jealousy of each; other, s different western. nations have, from time to ^winked at "distinguished "omaern'U |o^|ng ^ Imperial forpes to help i^m-togwO'-vneaq^eciiedly-yraxm : receptions to the other jade. Be this as it may, the fact is now made idear by. tiie excellent conduct—'apart from atrociti^ of the war in Kashgar—-that the Chinese are banning to take very promisingly to the old arc in which they once excelled, and ^ which they wifl doubtless excel again. Their natural - arid .acquired intelligence, their contempt for death, . and , their overwhelming numbers, will, tdgether, constitute' an irresistable force when the tune comes for them to work together as one m^n, suitably armed and trained, with the wages of conquest in view. When tt® "way of the Kings of "the East," is " prepared," as foretold, that potentate will be "mightily helped .to' Whom the nations, represented by. the "dragon" lend their power. The Chinese-conquest of' Kashgar reads like an advance of British trobpsled by a Napier, except that no mercy _ seems to have been shown to to vromen knd children, and wounded men. DREAMING PLANTSL—ThP Register gave account, a few days ago, of a new discovery made by Professor Darwin. He has discovered that he thinks plants dream. Some time ago, when he wanted to discover that all sorts of he made the Whole thing to depend upon whe ther he could iriake a fantail -pigeon, or one of some other kind, tumble like a tumbler. He having previously thought that the tumbling of the latter was due to fits. With this grand idea in view the strange old man caught a suitable bird to experiment upon ; gave it fits by sticking a pin into its brain, and then chucked it up into the air, when of course it " tumbled" naturally s) enough, to the great delight of Mr. Darwin, who regarded this &s; proof that tumbler pigeons tumble by reason of fits. This is one of a vast num 'l»er pf instances winch show how very easily Mr.' ! Darwm^bepaine -satisfied - in his -own mind about his own theories. : So it is not surprising to find wtt. up at night amongst liis plants, to watch them in the arms of Morpheus, that'he thought he saw one Of them dreaming. It was a. sensitive. plant, - and, as he says,. started suddenly whilst asleep. • As there was nobody Mr. Daiwin had his pin at ' work again, arid was giving the plant fits; or GOTHIC OBIGIN OF ENGLISH perhaps the thing was the .other way about— perhaps the plant saw Professor Darwin dreaming. Unless Mr. Darwin's writings are intended (as some say they are), to gauge the gullibility of mankind, they are getting worse and .worse. The "marchof intellect?' with him in such xase is in the wrong direction. He thinks that his pedigree might be traced to a monkey; but even then he must either show that the said monkey was an unnaturally ri(Hculoiis monkey, or forego, as far as he himself is concerned, the theory of evolution, and " survival of the fittest." WORDS.—"Macmillair' for April contains an interesting article upon the "Gothic Fragments of Ulfilas," ip which it reminds its readers that the Goths laid Asia Minor waste, and stole a lot of the people ; that amongst the miserable captives were some priests, who set to work to revenge themselves upon their heathen captors by turning them into Christians. It appears to have been a stiff job, for. the savages had to be taught to read. The Bible was translated into their language. Fragments of this old work have turned up in Sweden, and will be interesting to those who, as the article says, " find a pleasure in tracking home some long-familiar and well-hunted word to its secret lair." Previously to their conversion the Goths seem to have been the larrikins of those days, as the larrikins are the Goths of these. So that, after all, the moral condition of the latter is not yet desperate,- unless there is a desperate difference between the Ulfilas of those days and the teachers of modern times. In Ulfilas' translation of the Bible, instead of "footstool," we havefatubaurd (footboard) ; for curse, vrikandans, suggestive of wreak; for "friend," frigon, to love; "fiend," fig an, to hate. So that friend was a lover and fiend a hater, according to Gothic ideas. For tenderheartedness, armaJiairtitha, suggesting a connection between alms and pity; for "lock thy door," galukans haurdai. Haupdai is probably the origin of hoarding. Instead of "much speaking," the Gothic runs JUuvaurdein, i.e., fulness of words. Thief, thiubo ; steal, Idifan ; for " lilies of the field," blomans haithjos, blooms of heath; food and fodder, fodenai ; for grass, havi, probable origin of hay. Instead of "tomorrow," is gistradagisj that is yesterday. For "window," augadauro, eye door ; for "thrones," sitlosj settlers ; gate or door, daur ; for " by their fruits, is biahranam, by their acorns ; "Centurion," hunda/aths; "bridegroom," bruthfaths, "faths" meaning lord; for "while," weilai. " They that axe whole have no need of the physician," is written ni thaurban haiku lekeis. For "cross," galga, gallows ; for "hungered, gredags, greedy; "queen," qino or quern woman or wife. Instead of "like a dove," sve altak, like a hawk. For "two young pigeons," toos jiiggons aliake. ^Bed," badi; for "riches," faiku; "cattle," and for "trusting" in them, huvjan, hunting. For twelve winters' old," tvaiib vmtrums. Instead of saying, "to do good or evil," the ijroths said, thiuth taujan thou unihwth taujan, to dp good. or ungood, making the absence of good evil This idea elaborated would furnish rich material for a series of lectures. There is no doubt that it is in agreement with primitive Christianity, which required that men's lives should be^actively and positively good. Now, people ask concerning; any course which they may Wish to adopt, Is it bad ? If not obviously, directly bad,' it is adopted, with the remark, Where's the harm! 'Not as the converted Goths would have asked, Where's the good? So that there may be much truth in Mr. Fraude's assertion that modern society is turning away, from Christianity. But it does not appear that the change being made is for the better, from an intellectual point of view. The philosophy which would fill the world with good, obviously excells that' 1 ;which would fill it with ungood. In the article to which we have referred, there are iriany very striking examples given of Gothic renderings of familiar texts, as well as of words which seem to have been the originals of "words now in common use. We commend the article in question to those of our readers who may not ^ave read it, especially to such as may be qualified to deal with it on the platform to a purpose,- which would be neither uninteresting nor otherwise " ungood." AUSTRALIAN SKETCHER.—We have received the Sketcher of 3rd inst; The first engraving represents a perilous attempt to' recover the bddies of persons who were drowned at the wreck of the Loch Ard. The pillar-like rocks standing up in the sea bear striking resemblance to those which travellers say are to be found in the interior of Africa, and in America also. The Congregational Church, Brighton, and the Presbyterian Church Deniliquin, are placed upon the same page, so favoring comparison. " A general view of Castlemaine" shows that town to be extensive, possessed of some good buildings, but somewhat straggling in its present state of development. Fisherman's Camp on Lake Victoria Gippsland ; Sir George Grey's Residence, !New Zealand ; and some views in Tasmania, are pleasing representations of interesting scenery. There is also a portrait of the late Mr. T. S. Mort, of Sydney, which wears a melancholy expression although it appears to be the index of a refined mind. From the reading matter we select the followingThe late Mr. Thomas Sutcliffe Mort, of Sydney, who died on May 9, was born in Lancashire, and came out to Sydney when a young man. For some years he worked as clerk to a mercantile firm in that city, and then entered the wool and general export trade, commenced business'as an auctioneer, and was for many years leading partner in the firm of Mort, Cameron, & Co. In this capacity his busi ness energy and fertility of resource found full scope. A biographical notice winch was published by a Sydney paper soon after his death said :— " No other man has contributed so much to forward the various interests of the colony. To auctioneering and the export trade he added the occupation of pastoral country, the purchase and cultivation of land, the. establishment of a model dairy farm with butter and cheese manufactory at BodaJla, one of the great attactions of the country, the construction of a dry dock, the building of ships, the manufacture of steameugines, railway carriages and machinery, more recently the assay of minerals, and, in addition to many minor undertakings, the preservation, on a large scale, in cold, artificially produced, of fruits, milk, and meat. And in all these directions Mr. Mort has accomplished grand re suits. He was employing, at one time, four hundred men in engineering and shipbuilding, and the construction of other works. From the dry dock was launched the steamer Governor Blackall, the largest vessel ever built in Port Jackson. And to that dry dock have been sent vessels needing repair, and too lgrge to be proproperly received at the Government Fitzroy dry dock. This was the case lately with the Chimborazo. Besides carrying on all these en-" terprises Mr. Mort sought to promote sugar growing on the northern rivers by supplying farmers with sugar-mills, and the many apparatus for preparing their produce for. market. It was one of the most remarkable features of his character, that his energies were not exhausted in the prosecution of his own large and varied business ; but he was always ready to take an interest in the efforts of others, and to render substantial help for the furtherance of enterprise tending to advance the colony. While occupying a pre-eminence in business, Mr. Mort proved himself to be endowed with refined taste, and gave encouragement to the arts that adorn life. This was shown by the collection of paintings at Greenoaks, thrown open frequently to public view. He took an interest in all that tends to elevate mankind." "CEDIPUS" IN THE "LEADER" AND THE GREAT MR. It. A. PROCTOR.—Mr. R. A. Proctor, to some of whose strange astronomical notions we referred some time ago, has been trying to preside over the cricketing world ; but strange to say, although he did so easily manage to put all the worlds in the heavens to -rights to his own entire satisfaction, the cricket-ball has puzzled him altogether. He could so place some 175 asteroids (little balls of matter), as with them to form that which to himself seemed tobe a ring about two thousand millions of miles in diameter, one hundred and twenty millions of miles broad and one hundred and twenty millions of miles thick ; but some how the mysteries of cricket seem to have baffled him. CEdipus says, "I must confess that in astronomical and mathematical matters I had formed a favourable impression of R. A. P. (R. A. Proctor); but after reading his attack on the Australian cricketers for not immediately responding to the boyish challenge of the M.C.C. to play an off- hand return match on a muddy wicket, I cannot help being disenchanted, for a man who could pen such nonsense on a familiar theme, cannot be a safe guide on more recondite subjects. Great mathematicians have no right to make great fools of themselves on small matters. R. A. P. appears to watch for opportunities of posing himself as a model Englishman ; but it is to be hoped that he is not a fair sample of his countrymen in his treatment of their Australian visitors. He ridiculed the idea of their pre ferring to take a day's unexpected rest to entering on a contest which could not be played out , satisfactorily ; but as a mathematician he ought to have seen that a small band of elevep. really require more rest than a club whose players are " selected from hundreds of members." THEATRICAL business in Pompei, which has been at a standstill since the eruption of Vesuvius in '79 A.D., appears to be looking up, judging from the following- announcement of Signor Langini :—"After a lapse of more than eighteen hundred years the theatre of this city will be re-opened with "La Figlia del Reggimento. I solicit a continuance of the favour bestowed on my predecessor, Marcus Quintus Martius, and beg to assure the public that I shall make every effort to equal the rare qualities he displayed during his management."—Leader. GOVERNMENT. — And what is government, Nora 1 Is it joking ye are, MJSS ? Sure every child knows what is government. It's half a dozen gentlemen, and sich as they may be, that meets and thinks what's best for themselves, and then they say that's best for us, and that's government. —English Paper. " Young-man, what's the price of silk?" asked a deaf old lady. " Seven shillings," was the reply. " Seventeen shillings! " exclaimed she, I'll give you thirteen." " Seven shillings, ma'am, is the price of the silk." replied the honest shopman. "Oh, seven shillings?" rejoined the lady, sharply; " I'll give you five." AN EXPLANATION.—Two Irishmen were walking along .one of the main thoroughfares in Glasgow, when they noticed a large placard in the window of a shop with the words "Butter ! Butter! Butter!!! " in giant type, printed on it. " Pat" said Mick, " what is the maning of them big strokes after the words ?" " Och, ye. ignoramus," says Pat* " sure, they're meant for shilelaglis, to show that it's Irish butter!" 