SIGNS OF THE TIMES, OR THE VICTORLAN FREE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Br N. KINSMA. The following is the first of a series of lectures delivered in the Park-street church, on Wednesday evening last: The subject of my lecture is the Victorian Free Church of England, as compared with the Established and United Church of England and Ireland, which is her proper designation, for in the year 1801 the Established Churches of England and Ireland were united into one body by an Act of Parliament, and for the last 300 years the forms have continued much as they now are. The sulbject is one of great importance and deep interest to the religious world, and had not the matter been forced upon me I never should have publicly come before an audience to give a lecture on the subject. I must take it for granted that you are aware that I am a m nister of the Victorian Free Church of England, and the representative of the Free Church of England in Victoria, having seceded from the Established and United Church of England and Ireland in 1862. On Sunday, February 8th, 1863, our church was opened, and divine services have been conducted ever since to respectable congregations. From time to time the minister and church mem bers have revised the Prayer Book, and had it printed and circulated, which will best show the difference between the Victorian Free Church of England and the United Church of England and Ire land. The principal alterations I will at once state, in the order in which they come. The first alteration that we have made is in the Exhortation. Instead of the minister saying, "after me," the word "with" is substituted; that both minister and people m y feel as one in worshipping the God of heaven, for we do not believe in any sacerdotal element, and though it may not appear in this single word, yet it does in another part which I have to notice, and I desire at once to strike at the very root of priestly authority. In the Absolution the following is struck out: "And hath given power and com mandment to His mi 'isters to declare and pronounce to his people, being penitent, the absolution and remission of their sins." This part of the Absolution, though harmless in itself, I consider as a stepping-stone to the Absolution in the Visitation of the Sick, which we have also struck out, and which I consider as rank popery, if not worse. To show this, let me give you a short dialogue between a Roman ist and a Churchman: Churchman: "Come, John, and have a glass of grog." Romanist: "I never enter a public house on Sunday." 0.: '" Hoot, man, the priest will for. give you for fourpence." R.: "I don't think that the priest or any other man can forgive sins, but if I did you have the advantage of me for you can get jyours forgiven for nothing by applying to your minister." 0.: "Our ministers don't forgive sins." R.: "Show me your prayer book, and I will prove to you that they do." C.: "There is no such thing in all the prayer book." Here the Romanist opened the prayer-book, and turned to the Visita tion of the Sick-and so can any one and read the following extract:-"Here shall the sick person be moved to make special confession. The: priest; shall absolve him after this sort-Our Lord Jesus Christ who hath left power to His church to absolve all sinners who ;truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences, and by His authority commit kted to me; I absolve thee from all sins." ;The Churchmanswas speechless; and I fbelieve.there are hundreds who do not knowt ,f;... . ' If you think this far-fetched, take the following facts. On Wednesday, April 24, 1872, a deputation waited on Bishop Bromby, of Tasmania, with a memorial signed by 800 members of the Church of England, stating that improper books contrary to the doctrines of the Church of England had been introduced into the diocese. Dr. Crowther one of the deputation read to his Lordship the following extract from the Little Prayer Book:--"Kneel by your ghostly father, make the sign of the cross, and say, In the name of the Father, etc. Pray, father, give me your blessing for I have sinned. I confessed to Almighty God, before all the company of heaven, and to you my father that I hive sinned. I am heartily sorry. I resolve never to commit them again, and most humbly ask pardon of God, and absolu tion of you my ghostly father, etc." Dr. Crowther remarked that nothing more Romish than that had ever emant ted from the Roman Catholic pro. fession. The Bishop remarked that he had always been ready to interpose when a case was put before him in a tangible way but they must not come in public and attempt to browbeat him. The Bishop remarked it was said by Mr. Rarnard, that the offices of the Prayer Book shonll be adhered to, and had anything -been done or said that went beyond the statement in the office for Visitation of the Sick, which Mr. Barnard said the clergy should limit themselves to. In that office they found the following:-" Here shall the sick person be moved to make a special confession of his sins, if he feel his con science troubled with any weighty matter, after which confession the priest shall absolve him if he humbly and heartily desire it after this sort Oar Lord Jesus Christ, who hath left power to His church to absolve all sinners who truly repent and believe in Him, of His great mercy forgive thee thine offences; and by His authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." And in the Ordering of Priests it is said, "Receive the Holy Ghost . . . whose sins thou dost forgive they are forgiven, and whose sins thou lost retain they are retained." In speaking of these things, I have been met with the remark, "But the ministers do not believe in it ;" and " Whenever did I know a clergyman to forgive sins by this absolution ?" But. my friends, we have here a bishop at the present day justifying the rite, and shielding and defending himself behind the very prayers and absolution in the Visitation of the sick, which I abom inate, The following is an extract from a London paper sent by my brother:-" I am the father of a large family, I have used confession myself and my wife. We now appreciate its value, etc., that we have trained all our children to go to confession, etc. We all are true and loyal members of the Church of England. We are sure that no one can forgive sins but God only, but we also believe that God hath given power and commandments to His ministers to declare and pronounce to His people, being penitent, the absolu tion and remis-ion of their sins." Judge, therefore yourselves brethren, for I speak as unto wise men. Again, the following is a paragraph from the Argus, July 1873:-" Re ligious movements. Convocation has been started by a petition which i. virtually a manifesto of the extreme Ritualists, and is signed by as many as 480 clergymen. These 'priests,' as they prefer to call themselves, ask for many things; they want prayers for the 'Blessed Virgin Mary,' and especially request the appointments of duly qualified confessors, to be licensed by the bithops. It seems that it is no uncommon thing for a stranger in holy orders to come into a district, in most cases by invitation of some beneficed priest, and to announce himself as general confessor. Exciting sermons are preached upon the necessity of priestly absolution, and numerous 'silly women' comply with these ex hortations. The admissions of the bishops were serious enough in them selves. The bishop of Oxford is cautious, and thinks it important to put a stop to the practice of young men hearing the confessions of young women. lhe Bishop of Rochester does not hesi tate to declare that the practice of confession is a great and spreading erlU in the Church of England. The secu lar press speaks out on this subject in the spirit of our old Protestant re formers." In the Apostles Creed the words "He descended into hell" we have struck out because we believe that Christ did not descend into hell, where the devil and lost spirits are, but to Paradise; although we read I Peter, iii., 19, *By which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison," also, Psalm xvi., 10, " For thou wilt not leave my soul in helL" I agree with Dr. A. Clark, who says, "there is no ground to believe that this text I Peter, iii., 19, speaks of Christ going to hell to preach the gospel to the damnel." And Scott of the Psalm, says, "when spoken of the body, it signifies the grave; when of the soul, it refers to that state in which the soul is witlhout the body, whether Paradise or Hell properly so called, or Hades, the place of departed spirits, as set forth in St. Luke, xviL, 23. But Christ's own words sets the matter at rest, and plainly shows that not only His spirit but the soul of the dying thief went to heaven, Luke xxiii, 42 and 43, "And he said unto Jesus, Lord, remember me when thon comest into thy kingdom. And Jesus said unto him, Verily I say unto thee, to-day shalt thou be with me in paradise,"and yet in the face of this the United Church of England and Ireland teach the contrary. (To be continued.) 