TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. VICTORIA. from our own correspondent. Melbourne, Monday. It has been finally settled that Mr Berry, Sir B. O'Loghlen, and Mr Pearson, represent the Assembly at the forthcoming Conference, and that Sir C. Sladen and Messrs Hearn and Anderson represent the Council. Mr Berry has expressed his entire disbelief that any practical result can accrue fro.m the Conference. The Colonial Bank has declared a divi dend of eight per cent., and has carried £4000 to a reserve fund. The deliveries by rail last week were 3797 bags of wheat and 3424 bags of flour. Edwin Gough, the landlord of the Palace Hotel, South Yarra, was fined £2 2s for selling liquor on Sunday. Alder man Gatehouse was fined £1 for obstruct ing the police when they visited Gough's house. It appeared that when the con stables knocked at the hotel door, Gate- house opened the door, said he was Gough, and used abusive language to the police. The Ministry are making all prepara tions to bring the session speedily to a close. The shop of Mr Benjamin, a pawn broker, in Swanston- street, was bur glariously entered yesternight, and pro perty worth £15(Pstolen. No information has been received re garding the defaulter Denny's defalcations which are now known to exceed £1500. The booths and other privileges at the amateur races next baturaay on Deing sold realised £42. An old man named John Rees a resi dent of Richmond, has been found drowned in the Yarra. In the Equity Court, Mr Justice Molesworth deli vered judgment in the case of Longs £8 v Keogh, dismissing the bill. The suit has been before the court for a very long time. The costs amount to about £5000. Some fool has been frightening the in habitants of Richmond' lately, by dressing as a ghost. A number of police have been told off in plain clothes to catch' him The application of Alice Mongredien for a license for the Waterloo Hotel, Little Collins-street, was heard to-day. The applicant is well known. The police opposed the application on the ground of applicant's bad character, and submitted evidence showing that improper proceed ings took place in the house, but the license was granted. Tlie returns show that the ' Hospital Sunday collections continue to flow in, and already over £4000 has been accounted for. It is expected that the total will he nearly £6000. George Nesbit, third engineer on hoard the Garonne, died in the hospital to-day from the effects of scalds received while the vessel was in Sydney. At Koroit, a sergeant of police, while on night duty heard a conversation between a saddler named Setton, his daughter aged thirteen and a half years, and another man. They wore bargaining for prostitution of the girl. The sergeant arrested the girl, who admitted that she had been leading an immoral life with the knowledge of her father, and produced £1 as part of the proceeds. The Bench sent her to the Reformatory for three years. A lad named Dalton, aged 10 years, while playing cricket on Saturday, com plained of liis being unwell. He was taken home, and died within a few min utes of his arrival there. Yesterday was very warm, but to-day was cool and dull. Steady work is continuing @n the train ing grounds. Swiveller, Darriwell, Lock- leys, Emily, and Lillian, are all doing well. Democrat went qtieerly. A fair business is doing. The sale of the Louise's sugars was largely attended, and 11,427 packages were sold at the following prices : — Rations, £22 for low, to £25 for fine ; browns, £28 to £2S 15s ; low counters, £29 ; medium, £31 5s to £31 15s ; good yellows, £32 4s, to £32 15s ; fine yellows, £33 to £33 10s ; greys, £34 os ; grainy yellows and crystals, £34 to £34 5s ; white, £30 to £3G 15s ; brewers' crystals, £37 to £37 10s. Breadstuff's are moving steadily. Flour, £10 10s to £10 12s Gd ; wheat, 5s, to 5s Id for best samples. Oats are very scarce. Sales of woolpacks have been effected at auction at 2s 3kl. Cornsacks sold at 9s 3d. " 