The Advertiser FRIDAY, AUGUST 30, 1878. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, AUGUST 20. In the Legislative Council- A [?] presented by the [?] P. [?] was [?] and [?] from property [?] of [?] saying that [?] is of the Melbourne. [?] had be [?] out, and that [?] VMaVtB AA a^aVaw&faVawafaVafatl; a^flLL Pmiiiim la Viaa* #"■ ■— '-j.**!* *■? 1 V^K Hflata^att afe 4j^^^^^^_ «Bj^aw_^^^^^^L -^-^ • I iwiMi _ fife. _ * fan. y aaaa% ■? the mtgmmjm wata «? the (Mail ri OaaCta. Vha tha MBt anBJIBaVfIBr ft to?ewe?laaa?e4h>« ■?«* fa? aayjara?e^ar jatokjetattar tbea raJfU|mij. The Bm Ah mwL aal the m—iiimi niiaT—d fawk riaTaSa aa Tateeay. «te ikMlbitaaaafa; •? The lytjl ftiflMrifcui theJGaa agia^tn aatlhi IbadmrilaM rf Hi ■■in 11 tw* far Wattoataf aatit. Ik IFiw aa*J—iaaae« ■?■ w iJITwIij. Decided prqajpaj vat Bale aa Tfanlftj ia the Aanriir with the rimi'i apaa f*^ VjfmavMwl §■■?££*■ navi^B^a^b a^a^ oohr he theaaaatiaa of aa b?Ht van iacape derm* treat Mmlfi to he da* with. Pfcevioea to the naddSaEaaaiaa am "~ *—■?- r 1 Tf iai Tli ITiim in aaiii the thaeqfthalfnaai with Banian allail oaoa the ü?tasHSi nai Ik aexaaal at T 1 iT'ihHi wUi nf fliitfh laainrw tw^rrtif, mmd. flKaaaa; the flnhna at oat hat Imm. Me Baa han% «aniw ftOS infictaVttat CaV CMHL ?b9 afa?aW rifhe attaaat to haao\ theflaaihAa^ bafin lan hi ■■luaiail with • pa* aavaaxaath* LnaJqa art* of Cmaa^a faH n the •aobrfMa of B^kh eoaKa\ aal aaftaaaia?lia?ia the vauwtf Aartialiaa |i mil AUtheasiaMesaaiaafctaatyMft bbwdto pmaat BSr AxAar Bbjth tn? hoomriaf at the anaaaa* taal by oar tinin—ii;—j aaMc Bttai hvweaat fianmlpoficT <rf the PnOs. h* anat held lam majiiaJMi far a? aa?«Mal*j -^-—HE-Ihr annnliij mttitm eflhe aiM Bo?Mw3i«Btf%MVtok?nr Oat dam hmnamij tar "-- p—nn n ■■aliatailwj **■?** memm*r f*** of- 0 him nwaithefcetttat the imillj vl iaMr that «ar r*aal<* Icaadh af the I iftMiwn hi fednel that than fa bo oefidt ia the nnla af *wgaat imaiij a? ooaaa>e< with id or 8 ■?«—t; jig ii at f niji. «fl| idt to its !■«—j ante; ni—nl> ««taMm faa? their «ecfiae; ««| «he •■■■• gaaMav^ wnxajam la ftappMai rwfc Mil the ifaa ■■ dT Ihiii ?■■*■■% paMB. OfaHdMlb. Wa?lJaf-yni,, dfflthe? >ln ri— uaJli a?aii?lhnr &• Mieatk. hy theO -pli^^ g«*?; Utm«, i?tonfiiilafhiai «Bmothar r aa« if Ba«th Amm^Mm eteefc ieteia?yitcaicatyheCWcin i g ,|. "^5 "*^* vSpMBJ^ MMW j^^Ba^ ndh/. Mr. Baa) haajal aata the «bd caetml flwtfa« of the Biiih lorn av#- *^* a«aaal ■Maaa^aaia?aJ a>^ aa^Ba __ £a ■* vvft faVB ■YpBBwS if csmnpr w at * pmf Oat «v Tm- ■—jfc... gnaudf ■■—■■gtl «r WcaaliaetaMa tmkbA ia ha) lMliaaMial«aeMtfaju Ta* fact that the iatantaa the Peaella Inaa is £ per «•*, i?e that «a the fiwA AaetialMa u 4, he liaaaan «■ «f «rftt« KBe9(Q^ftiaVo9* UWIV IV A IMaWBIBBt 100, aad thoa^h it ie gaanefteei hythe Sew 7nelaai Omwtf wet, etfflit ieaM?? apL tUe kthea^e at whkhlheaK. How long he wffl he «hk> to trjr tha patieaceof IheHoaacia aach*aiinanr it is4iffiadttoe?y. hot he*, feat twlailiai iMrimi to the casajaafatian oniiaarib/ extended to epeaheie nfclihliwaili e* ft aueetko they majr take. 19ther Mr. UocbqfMMks with a inMiae aTaiiftaiJ at fact and fairness, or he tnowa no aMnftaa a|ddld of the eahjoct upoa whkt ha dedeiau with each giiaaeai and vehe mence. The qneatioa whether ■dilrtnaii te? tiaaje needed to keep na thewveaa* waa )>ut,'«i>d decided ia the aegatiM hjr A* caeting vote <rf the Chftkaaa af Oaa- BOtteea. Thtt waa Mi. Wajfa Uimmf*. bat bis eecaad aasendaMatf to the «*eet that die Coatoau AotM •• ■* reduced, ia order te aad? *■* ■** cideaoe of taxation bm? I" 8*"11*' •** that the lensae ahoald he tauuaael hy e> fwaarty ta?, wa« wjeetoily e ayaiUji at aM?ethaafto L H •?? «?** *7 *** OomaaMSt aadaaaw of their lajj uliiia that it wmM aet 4o to aacdlse ft eaa* "' -Blderabifc 'portion of' the Customs duties \- without being assured of money in its place. ' MrV Ward and Mr. Bray contended that the ■TMyyirng of the amendment was that the two ■ things should be effected «muV -taneously, but the words in which it was couched will not bear such an interpretation. The House having, however, decided that taxation is •needed simply for revenue, might fairly -iave carried Mr. Bray's amendment de •claring that the new taxes should not be collected till after the Customs have been " revised j but this was negatived, so that P.should the Bill pass in conformity with the resolutions that have been carried the property tax might be collected before the '■Customs duties have been revised. Mr. Bray's object may nevertheless be accom plished by a proviso in the Bill. An over whelming majority declared in favor of a land tax, and the proposition for a tax on •other property was camel without a divi sion. Several members asked the Trea -aurer how this last-named part of -his scheme was to be carried out, but he wisely observed that the -difficulties that undeniably are connected -with the application of a general property tax had best be dealt with when the BUI Is under consideration, and meanwhile the broad principle should be affirmed. This -was generally agreed to, and the resolution -was carried with scarcely any debate. The «copeof the Government proposal is that «U property ahpuld be taxed, so that as far -as possible persons shall pay according to their means. But as the principle of an income tax from earnings will in all proba bOily be rejected, the Assembly will bar Jly -agree to a tax upon the « annual profits or gains arising or accruing to any person from any kind -of property whatever in South Australia other than real property." Tins would be consistent with the prin dple of a mere property tax, provided tie profits came without the exercise of -aldU and industry on tike part of the owner ■of the property, as in the ease of shares; trat Mr. Boucaut most explain what he'wfll -do with the property that is in the nature of working stock or stock-in-trade, as for instance & storekeeper's goods, or a farmer's faotses and **th&r; animals, implements and machinery. Probably a valuatirin of the stock, and fixing a low rate of interest on the value &r; the basis upon which to impose a tax -would be the proper way to deal •with sacb property. In this way pro perty and not earnings would be taxed. Mr. Can is opposed to both pro perty and income tax, as he be lieves it will lead to extravagance on the part of Government; but careful con sideration of the subject will surely lead to -a. contrary opinion to this. Where the in telligent and moneyed classes have to con tribute directly to the expenses of the State, they will naturally take more inte rest in die affairs of the country, and will lie more apt than hitherto to watch orer the expenditure of public money, and en deavor to prevent wastefulness in depart ments, or the undertaking of works of little ■value and that -are certain to prove a loss to the country. It ia because the wealthy sections of the community have contributed . little to the* revenue, and the nnpropertied ■cusses hare failed to realise the extent to which'they have been taxed, that there has been "apathy concerning tie way in which the revenue has' been expended, and log- ToQiuJKy' ™ig"*TYnag"tiiA"t J *t*A prodigality A somewhat important discussion took placein the Legislative Council on Thurs day, Angnst 29, onapoint ot Parliamentary practice which is likely to provide a pre cedent for the future. It arose on the notion of the Hon. Mr. Hay, that the prayer of the petition of the Glenelg Rail way Company to be represented by counsel before the Committee of the Upper House, now sitting on the-Holdfast Bay Railway Mil, ihould be granted. Mr. Hay con tended that die 140& Standing Order of the .Goancfl, which provides that "Com mittees may bear counsel if it be desired," should be taken to mean that when either the promoters or opponents of any Bill be . fore a Committee' desired to be heard by counsel] tbe Committee bad no discretion in the matter. He also urged that tie j practice of hearing counsel was adopted by I Select Committees of: the Imperial Parlia- : anent, and that the services of trained j ' lawyers was absolutely necessary to J -enable die truth to be elicited from the -witnesses. SirHeniyAyere and other mem bers .who Bpolte against the motion main tained, howerer, that the Standing Order relfei on by Mr. Hay had been incorrectly interpreted by him, and that it was ab «oLately in the discretion of the Committee 4o hear connEd or not as they pleased.. Sir \- Henry Ayere jbardly fortified this construc tion of the -word "may" in the Standing -Order by quoting the Order of the House of ikSEWnbly on the same point, in which oc curred the more explicit words "may if they think fii,V bat there out be very little -doubt that the practice of the House will bearjout has ?n^erpi*tation. Though Judges have dedded. ihat "nay" means "must," ' ■■wetooeit'willbea.lonstimebeforeParlia- . nients t«frp such, liberties with the Tlnglish. . itagiiage. Coming to the general question ft may be admitted that the presence of counsel -very- frequently ik-a. great assist ance to thoee who have to decide on the weight of evidence, by enabling them in listening 'to a cleariy reasoned address, jfbuniaedoin a. mawfiqf teatunopy, to form acor- Mct opinion astothetroe bearing of die case, andihat tbos the presence of legal advisers ' jnay be quite ae necessary in a Select Com- j ~ mittee «f the Legislative Council as in any ! ' ritbet tribunal: In England, it is true, un- i : loxtunatelj, the practice of employing ; before Parliamentary Committees has given rise to very, great abuses. Fre- - qoeotly witnesses are suborned, and every legal devkeis employed to protract the pro • ipeediggsas much as possible, and thus in •many instances wsalthy Oompaniee have eacceeded in compelling the promoters of idiemes to which they are opposed to -abandon them merely on account of the enormous legal expenses involved. Stall of comae it is no argument against the adop tion of tiie practice here that it has Jed to . abuses in England. He proper question for consideration ' here ifl whether die practice would be benefi cJaL As regards the fk^lishayetem, that is not In any degree a precedent for us. In X^gknd the powers of a Select Committee .of .the House of Commons over private Bifla are very different; to those of a Select of either branch of the Legis lature here. A private Bill is not referred to a Select Committee of the House of Commons until it has passed the second reading, and the fate of the Bill practically depends on their report. Hence it is worth while for promoters or opponents of any such measure to go to considerable j expense in bringing evidence before the Committee and in feeing counsel to state their case. Here, however, the matter is very different, as the Select Committees have virtually very little power, and as they only deal with a Bill in its initial stages it would be unfair to put persons to the expense of employing counsel to defend a Bill which might perhaps never pass the Legislature. There was also much force in the argument of Sir ■ Henry Ayers and Mr. Fisher, that Committees on private Bills in a email community like South Australia ate as a rule well acquainted with all the circumstances of the case, and .able to take the evidence tendered for or against it at iti proper value, whereas in England the members of the Committee seldom know anything of the local circumstances which make the aid of counsel more necessary. Apart from this die, Committees in this colony are in the habit of giving the utmost latitude to witnesses, and the parties axe entitled to tender us much evidence as they think proper; and being furnished with copies of all the evidence taken as the case proceeds, they are enabled to form a perfectly correct idea of the nature of the testimony they will require to bring forward, an advantage which promoters or opponents in England do not possess. Mr. Hay's motion was finally rejected by a large majority; and without expressing any opinion as to the particular case which Mr- Hay's motion was designed to meet, beyond saying that we do not believe the employ ment of counsel would in any way have facilitated the elucidation of any facte con nected with it, or in showing whether the opposition now being offend to die Hold fast Bay Railway scheme is fairly war ranted or not, we are glad the Council gave no encouragement to the mnTring1 of a pre cedent for the employment of counsel before Select Committees, as we believe that it is in no way necessary except under certain extraordinary encunntanoea. It -will be eeen from the London tale grams which wejrab?iihtbu morning that the possibility of another political oosb in Victoria, if the Berry Reform Bill now before the Legis lative Council of that oolonr be rejected, has been the subject of comment in the zsaur. Tbe writer very justly deprecates the idea of an appeal by tiie Ministry in soch an event to the Colonial Office. Had the whole colony tfaneafter time at the general elections dedared in favor of the KU, and the Council had repeatedly acted in de fianee of popular opinkm.an appeal to the Home authorities might be justified, bat under tbe existing circumstance! the thing would be simply absurd. The proposal of the writer in the Tisto that a vote of both Iloimen in combination should be +?v— on the subject presumably after a joint and thorough discussion of it in all its bearings is a much more reasonable acheme. The writer comments favorably with regard to the Upper House on the contrast between the eonitita tional tone of tbe speeches made in the Vic torian Council and the revolutionary utterances of Mr. Berry and hb following in the Assembly. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday next the Hon. J. Pearce is to ask the Chief Secretary the name of the engineer srfao passed the rails for the Port Augusta Railway, and if be u tbe same person who advised on the pnr ebaaeofthe Semaphore and Mnmy Bridges and Waterworks mains. The Hon. J. Carr has riven notice that he will more in the Assembly on Wednesday, September 11:—"That every third year one thud of the members of the Legislative Council who shall be first on the roll of ancb members shall vacate their seats, and a like number of members shall be elected to supply the vacancies so created-" In the Assembly on Tuesday next Mr. Bright will ask tbe Treasurer why tbe tender of Mr. John fiobb for tbe oanstroetioe of tbe breakwater at Victor Harbor was accepted at £96,165 ISs. lOd. in ptefcroaee to that of Mr. Bobt. Thornton for £87,?«3 17a. 6d. Mr. Bean will ask the Treasurer in the A wnMjtm WrflnrsdaT "fnrf if *he Governs?eot hare power to call in all defaced silrer coin; and if so. wiU ibey fix * date after which all defaced •IharooJn absil be an illegal tender; cad if it is their intention to take tbe oar a—ry action to obtain such power? At a meeting held at Halfctt on Monday, August?, a shilling ia*e waa adopted to he ex panded in the destruction of rabbits in that district. The first rail of the Adelaide, Mitcluim. and Unity Tramway line to to be laid near ttm Green Hotel by Mr. Wm. Townsend, M^Chaitman of Qireeton.on Monday nest. A presentation took place in the Baptist Church, Alberton, on Wednesday evening, AB|uit?, when Mr. A.S. Weill was presented wiSi in emn egg inkstand and an address on h'u return from England. The Bank of Near South "Wales intend shortly to erect premises «• thegroond which they iiuwhased— r time ago in King WiUUm ■b-eetTto the north of Mean. D. fc J. Fowler's offices. Ameetuiffof toe .ratepayers of Brighton and otherTlnterested is to be bald at the Brighton Town Hall this •raoing to consider «the suibtbilifa/ of Marino far an ontaide harbor a* * port of call lor ocean ateaman, witti s yiew to Us being bronght prominently before both Houses of Fadiamnt." At « meeting of die promoters of the Soatbern Torke*s Peninsnls ateamahip Com pany, held at Diamond I*ke, near Yorketown. on Satuiday, AugustS4,?-TrM resolved to farm aCompany witfa a capttal of £8/00, and the Pruiuuteia were Buthar^ed to pnr«ihaae a. cteameras soon aa 800 aharea had been taken up. A meeting w«e keld in the Tempewnre it.Hj Hoont Grnbier, on fistarday evening, Angnst 84, toiaka steps to noteet Neekis Act. It was decided to «neDwri«iisetbe l>egidattve Gouualto throw oukMorttock'aAniandiag?Ul, and to support only those candidates for the i vacancies in *be LagiifletWe Council who were favorable to Nock's Act; , ' Judge rSkinner (mje the Maryborough j AdtertUa-) very sensibly ridicules the practice , of inserynj.ii«Qjy(?cy jrfrerti?enienta in the < Gmtntmext Gazette only, as a perfect farce, as • Tery few peopto «rer hare the opportunity of , seeing that .highly intajjafctng pnVfy?^^**" Aib , the Btechwortb Court lately ffis Honor directed , that for the totote *vetf insob7ent abonld ad- - vertise meetbga, &c.;, to the local papers. At a meeting held at Kaime on Wed- , necday evening, Angnst 28, it was resolved to ■tact a vubaeription in aid of the widow and child of John Ware, Jan., who was reoontly killed through an accident near Woo&aide.; .Ware was a steady and industrious young man, but he has left his widow without means of subsistenee, and it ia hoped that something sub stantial trill be done for faer. Messrs. Arthur Hardy, and R. W E. Tfrp"?"g, Hie for tbe District of Albert, waited on the Attorney-General on Thursday, August 20, and presented a memorial from miAentfi in that district praying that a Local Court ought be established at If uoindale. The Attomey- General promised to obtain a report on tfie subject, and said if. it were .possible he wonldcomply witb the piay?cof the memorial. At the Police Court on Thursday morn ing, IfOtds Cbennick, licensed victualler, was chargea wfth applying Bquor to Miles MsNamaca, who 4ied on Saturday last from the efeects of an aoeident whilst in aatate of intonetdjen. The evidence given was that die deceased was attto hotel kept by the defendant and that he got dmnk there. He was m charge of* load of wooddrawn by a young fcoca^and ebortly afterwmrifathsaarfdentoamrred which causedhis death. M|tcffukiii4l?e?hosmthat tbe man was drmk^benfa^oHainedfiieiifUor the information was dinmua?a. - The Point MbLeaj eorrespoodent -of ih% Southern Anus says: — & Horses gracing on sandy land that has been ploughed havesuffere 1 very much, this winter from eating Urge quan tities of Band. Haay of the fanners' horses have been very ill "from tins cause. The sand lodges on the leaves of the herbage, and is swallowed with it. Mr. Mann had a very valuable mare which died a shore time-ago, and when a past-mortem examination was made several bucketefnl of sand were found in the in testines, niere is no doubt it cansedher death." " A serious of experiments have lately been made," we learn from the Sydney .&&>, " by Mr. E. C. Cradmell, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, with the electric light, at Bdgediff road. Two very powerfnl lights have been used, and the brilliancy of the illumination *u aato niditag. One effect of the electric light is that its illumining power is greater at a distance of 600 yards than in the dose vicinity of the camp. On the evenings the experiments have taken place the portions of Wboiabn and Doable Bar on which the light was turned, were almost as well lighted op as if the son were shining." A. deputation of settlers in the Hundreds of PortGawier, Grace, Dnblin, Inkennan, and Balaclava, waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works (the Hon. G. O. Hawker), on Thursday "■"■•??'??& August 29, accompanied by the members for the district, and fir. T. Bone, KF..and advocated their claims for a tail way line front Salisbury to Port WakaSeld. After listening to taeatgumenfa) advanced in favor of the work, the Commissioner said he was im pressed with the claims of the districts named, and would place the matter in a favorable light before his ooUeagues. He would also adopt the suggestion of reserving the land through which the line was proposed to pass. The foUowinir is Thursday monnng'fl weatber report on" the Adelaide aad Port Dar win Telegraph line:—Britain, ealm, dear, fine; Stxaagways Springs, fresh, dear, fine, cool; Peaks, fresh, dear, fine; Charlotte Wateo, moderate. Cne, cool, little tain; Alice Springs, light, doll; Barrow Creek, strong, ebony, warm: TennantOreek, light, few cloudi. warm; Powell Creek, Mb, dear, fine, mm; Daly Waters, calm, dear, fine, warm; Katha rine, light, dear, very fine; Pine Creek, light, dear, fine; Tarn Creek, calm, fewciouds, warm; Soutbport, light, clear.fine, warm; Port Darwin, j very light, dear, fine. warm. The Secretary of the M?nnt Gambier Agricultural and Horticultural Bociety has re ceived a letter from the Commissioner of Crown j Lands intimating the willingness of the Govern- I ment to place the smn of £230 on the Estimates 1 toaida Society ia the Bouth-Bast established on { the same footing as the Boyal Society of Ade ! laide. The special grant of £160 for South- Kast Societies will be discontinued. The Border Wattk mates that "The oouditions on which the new grant will be paid is that the South-East Society raise, and spend in prises a sum equal to the Government grant. The Society wooM hold moveable ahowa, and thus embrace the leading centres of population in the district" ] The rainfall from 9 aan. on Wednesday I to the same hour on Thursday, August 89, is registered as follows:— Alice Springs... 0010 Melrase ... 0070 Auburn ... 0-100 Moonta ... (H)4O HUncbatown... OflM Mt Barker ... 0130 Cape?orda ... 0-110 Moant Toneus 0-005 Gape Jerri* ... 0030 Nameoorte ... 0130 Clare ... ... 01«0 Koarlunga ... 0080 ' Fowler's Bay,.. 0010 Normanville ... 0180 I Gawler ... o*oo Penola „ 0060 Gladstone ... 0100 Port Elliot ... 0170 Goohra ... 0070 Port Lincoln... 0080 , I Jamestown ._ 0400 Bfoerton „. 0220 j Kapunda ... 0070 Babe 0080 , Kingaoote ... 0-040 Strathalbyn ... (r?0 i Kingston ... 0330 Streaky Bay ... 0470 ' Kooringa ... 0-055 Tanonda ... 0020 , Mannom ... iflOO Wallaroo ... 002) Meaingic ... 0270 WOlunga ... 0090 MSlioent ... 0070 | ' A drover named William Rogers i i Whitmgtoo m charged at the Police Court ' I od Thnnday with stealing, as a bailee. 1.270 I ! •beep, the property of Means. R. W. B. Hem- ! j niiv.lLP-, Jno. Baker, and?. D. Row, ILP., at Gladstone, on August 26. It was shown that the prisoner bad orders to bring down a flock of ! sheep from the Motpeena Run, and that he sold Ute animals without the consent of the prae ' enters at lla. per head to a Mr. Edward Martin. :at Gladstone. When arrested be had a cheque ' for £096 10j. in hu posaeariaa, the amount re- : i ceived for the sheep. The defendant bad sent : two telegrams down to Ke*sra.G..& H. Bennett, status ttet be bad raeeiF?d advantasmms offer* i for the abaep, and asking whether be aboald '■ aeeept tbe same, bat be was informed by a i letter, which be aaid be did net reeeire, and ! also by a telegram which was found on htm, ; that he was not to do so. He wmseonunittsd for ' trial. , A case of dy CTog- aeQing occupied tbe ■ ' attestion of the Polioe Court on Thursday morn- : ing. xne oaenoant was nngo unm, • : regtamant senpu, and be m -^«"g~* with I veiling lest than five imperial gaUonsof liquor j . to one Franz Hum, on August 17. The evidence , showed that Hana and • young man named , Dun went to the shop of tit* nroaotwtnr. , j and after having same pica and seer, they ; asked for more drink. Ofiiiitaii said be had ; nothing hot colonial wine in the boose, which ]be kept for bis own use. Haas purchased three , . nobbier* of thiswine,and theythc* left En- , i denoe was called a* to tbe good character borne by the defendant, and Mr. Xesbit, his lawyer. , aaidte bad mm to Micro tfett tine waa not , • a. caaein which the ponce had employed & man , likeHaniMapy.iMtttiattbepablkattsnaarhad uiuiiliil ||?i a< limi Tbe linfsnrianf « finril Ssaadooata,£U7i.inaU. Tbe annual meeting of shareholders in the Great Britain Conner alining Company was : held at ttwofttooftbeSMnUry. Mr. F. S. <\ 1 Driffidd, on Tbundar, August 29. There waa but a small attendance. The report waa not of . • very hopeful character. It stated that during , ; tbe half-year nothing of unporUnee bad oc- : 1 conn m tbe OuuUl Aminiirii ■«■—iw g world, i and that the affairs of the Company wem jo?t ; in tbe same position tbey had been in for more than two yean. Hie slender funds in hand were being certainly tboogfa gradually aned «p, .' : netwftlubmdingtbai the expenses had bean re- < L doeed to a. minaunm. At present they could : only boast of a credit balance ot £18 17a. od\\. < < but in addition to «ia* the vatae of the lea«e : There were aofewlreab items in the balance- i '■ Means. Iwme and Wright, the retiring : : Directors, wan m-dectod. | i Tbe third .^pnvteriy nwetinfr of the ' i Chureh of EnglaaMi Sunty-aofcool Union was ; heldiatbe CtumAnd?em on Tuesday orening. ] Augnat2B. Than was* good atteadancaesn- { sidering tka Unaatrwun ata*a«f tbe wealher. i TheVliia.riMMMil.Ki gnliaai, piaaided. The ; fcctetaw nported wbat been done by die j GcmaeTitatfMM deming die part qoarter. 1 and that 87 tidier a bad entered for tbecom j ■cttUygmalai ti '■■- *^^— reaol>?d that the • be wid at tbaqaartetly mi«iliin,? of this TJnkm : ! shall bs JijaJpaKM lOMf)apewandab«rtpaners; i : Hart long papeni be read first, sod ehalf not i oesnpf«Mre than half an hour hi Hading; and I i tbat abort papers aball not ocoapy more than a, I quarter of an bow in readme)." The K«v. ! Thomas VUId, ILA., read -a. paper on " The i Wok of the Typical Sunday-school.* and a ! paper on" Bow to Retain our Senior Scholars" i !«i md by Mr. Salpti Baamnoat, of Trinity ' ! Cburcb School, Adelaide. Both papers were ( ' very iutetcatipg.and dinted discussions. ( !Ae showing that the effect of the class ! , tax imposed by the Victorian Ministry with re- j \- cpeettobrsejestatesisbeing folly appreciated by capitalists in the adjoining colonies, the ; ' Eamilum Spectator paMiahpf. the following ex- ' 1 tract*from*teiterreceived byMr.B. Honritr, , who recently offered a station for aale to a wealthy man in South Australia:—"l received ' : yours of the 13th inet, respecting station. < . Since writing to you I am informed that the j ■hire council and land tax on the property will , : amount to .about £500 per annum (in South | I Australia we have no shire or tend tax). Buch an amount taken <off tlie fl—w—l returns of the station would not makeita very good investment, and I must decline baring anything to do with it. I am also informed that the Boad-elosing \- ConUOQISBIOQ WB|(A H|an§| ODGIIUIff-fhU tbo MMals. Slat of itself would depreciate-a pastoral pro perty to a very great extent^ eotting off die I stock from water, ice.; also being the cause of i having to keep an extra quantity of tearing in order, and ereeting it. lam afraid your paternal Government mean * basting up' tbe estates in Victoria. My attention btbs called to tbe I property, but on weighing the matter over I { ffaink it best to keep what I own in South Ans ttalia/vrhich I bad offered for sale privately, intending to pnrcbase station." The {H&detone; paper states that "an accident of a severe nature occurred to a little eon of Mr. D. BCeaaUpb,on Tuesday evening, Aogaat 2f. Tie fcoy, wfio is about 12 years of age, wasinthtehabitofndingtotheGladstoneschool daily on boreeback. On the oseasum of the ■ecidait be was proceeding home in the com aany<of -i edwelmate named Prior, also on nnfr^"^ When leaving tie town* race-was • eoMirmwH between tfw juvenile equestrians, and young Heriip'fi hone beooannf anmanage •Me tan against a wire fence enclosing a vacant allotment adjoining llr. C.S.fcatate resWence. The remit was that the hoxaefellover the fence, breaking the top wine, aad the little fellow was [ thrown forcibly to the ground, lightning a nasty cot on the forehead. It appears, however, tint when the botae can against the fence young Headip'e Its aim came in oontact>ith the wire, and the flesh part of the leg was badly cat, the bone being exposed. No boiu? fortunately were broken. f?r. White waa speedily in attendance and draased the wound. Great praise is doe to Mrs. I*ke for the prompt and kind assistance ahe rendered the little sufferer, who was re moved at once to that lady's residence, when every potable attention was paid him. The unfortunate little fellow speedily recovered con sciousness. The horse eacsped without any apparent injury." Afi the 6.16 train from the Semaphore was leaving the Port Adelaide Station on Thurs day morning, Angnst 39. it by eome meant took tiie wrong tine and ran into an empty track near Messrs. S. Dunn fc Oo.ls flour mills. The front of the engine was very modi broken, fast the locomotive was not damaged so badly u to pre vent it taking the train on to Adelaide, where it arrived about a quarter of an hour late. Another accident happened at the Port late in the afternoon of the mm day. Aa the train that left the Semaphore at 5 o'clock was near ing the Port Watfon the engine, instead of taking the carve leading into the station, eon tinned on the straight fine op the street some 00 or TO yards. The carriages, however, took the proper line, and three of them were dragged aome dfetanm acrosa the atreet after tU^ngine. The inmates onped with a alight Asking and fright. The carriages were placed on the line in about half an hoar after wards. The down train, which arrived a few mmutaa after the accident* could not go further than the fcort Station, the line bong blocked, so ft returned with the paaaengera who had intended going up by the damaged train. Later in the day the trains ma at the usual time. The accident is supposed te have been caused by a atone bring oo the pointa. A few evenings ago one of the trains going to the Semaphore took the wrong line and went a short distance down Oaniniercntl-roadtow?rds Queen's Wharf. Our readers will hear with regret that the Bon. John Cotton has resigned hia aeat as a member of the House of Assembly. Be has taken this step by the adviee of hia medical attendant, m consequence of Ul-heauJi. The lots of Mr. Oaltou's services at the praaant junc ture will be a gnat lass to the ouunlif. Imme diately on the minting of the Aasembly on Thursday aftaraooa the Spaaker annonnrwd that he bad neehred the resignation of the Hon. John OoHrayoneof the members for Kosr ItU?^Pp MMB CawfaUHutt MSBf ■■OBa^aMy 00 AQ* oout dt 31-lM??Hh_ Mr. Vtowmaod In gnyf'fol terms referred to the loss the House had sus tained in the tetiramantof Mr. Pel torn, and to the strict iaat«uljr. bigbmindiiiliiam aad poli tical purity that genttaaun had embafted in hia pnbUe life. The Treasure followed, endorsingwbatbad ham aaiil. anil atatHfjiiMi In the manly aad courteous spirit duaiUyed byMr. Colton in opposition. Sevan! ban. mew tun. Cvteos eeuesgueTassi pelitasal opnoaantaof . Oolton, expressed their regret at hnenforeed utiirawa*. their aupteuatiuo of hia valuable public eervieea, and referred to the lam the colony —— **hn* by Us resignation The re marks of the apaakera were cheered from all sides of the House. The nomination of a candi date to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Oolton's resignation baa been fixed for Tuesday, Sep tember 10, and the election for Saturday. Sep tember 14, the writ being returnable on Tues day, September 17. Immediately on the an nouncement of the hon. gentleman's rnaignatioo the aeat he had occupied on the Opposition benches was taken by the Hon. J. Oarr. New* is to hand (taya the Sydney £■■*-< I of the encounter between Mr. J. K. Emmet, the actor, and Mr. Edward Zimmerman, in New York recently. It appears Zimmerman and others were talking on a sidewalk, when Tfmianf came up and addressed himself to Zimmerman Some warm words were exchanged, and the lie direct was given to Zimmerman by Emmet, who followed up his expressions with a blow. The two then fell to pummelling each other with right good-will until separated by a gentleman present. Zimmerman managed to «aeape into a hotel, and -Frite" was taken to a bonafidt watch-bonae tins time, bat not before being allowed to remove trace* of blood from hit * clothes aad make himself presentable. Emmet went into Court attended by a distinguished histrionic retinue, and acknowledged striking Zimmerman and calling him a liar. Upon examination the ai lasting officer could not testify to Emmet striking a blow, aad he was discharged. He bore palpable evidences of hi« encounter. Hb right ere was black and swollen, the left bruised, and a large cat was -visible on his brow. On being discharged he ' burned off to appear in the character b«' so aWy > sustains, and winch has made him so generally popular. The dispute appears to have ariaen in nmseqnencc of Zimmerman asserting that | Rogm. Emmet's agent, stated that he left i Bonnet in Hiawialis became ha rould not bear ! with him. When Zlmmatniaa w aecaaed by ! to yfr«iwj?i about it as all, and this deems to ; have exasperated Trite" to the extent indi cated. Tie Boral Gammmaa aa the lands question art yesterday." states the Mslbsurne August 17. "to hear tb« defence of Mr.A.C.AHsji,lnipi>i*ni-Cnp«ralofLsnd?anJ Sorvey^ to the eba^«4hans« dummied land otrfertheLaa^Ack.iettt.whieucfaaniawaapre (etral against him fay Mr. J. J. Walsh, barrister. Mr. Allan denied prinfeUaak that be had dummied mmj mad. aad stated Out, owing to hb bjtriag lent a aeJaoter nM?sd Fitagarald hoc money lie had baooane posaaased «f ana of land which was only fit. tat w taw mmII, for grazing woxpoaes. Under thasa cbeam stenoM he had iaduoad two or three other petaanstoaaleot adjacent land in tbs hope of Mocking op all the lota together into aesleaMa fraww,-*- 1 the only ananiManiil was that when the piece was sold eaohahoold get his ahanof theprofita. Mr. Allan alao showed that at the 1 time these liaa—fltlima no ail he waa not.as Mr. Welsh asserted, aa officer* tha bands Dr- I partment.butaaoa?sarof the Geodetic Survey | bran*, wbioh was nadar the Covaraiaent iUtrcsKanar. U«w also ponded eat by Mr. ADan that there anas agreat distinction between | the land Aot, 18031, and the present Acs in re gard to aaleotioo, the forpaer being 'essentially ;an Act fcr tbeaaleof laad^thout compatUJon,' j and that it was a ernnmoa thing for aril ear -1 vants, and indeed all ulnauss, to take up land under it as an inwatimwl la fact. Mr. Allan states it was to coneequaooe of the failure of ' the Act of H6B to promote settlement that its I operation was suapaaded in February, 1863. and ! that the aubaameat As* of 1868 enuaaiaed ; stringent Biwhwim for compelling settlement. I The Oiimaiiasiua found tat the afaaqaa of hav ing dmnauad Lutd aMde against Mr.AUaawao proved."* A caae of inflneneing a voter came on : rorheartogettfce FJapnia Hagiatrates Oourt :on Augost 14, before Mr. J. Varley, 6JL, wban ! William BaddM,af?n?cr. and a mndVUte at tbe recent faction of OowncOlora for the dia trict of fclviAtte. was charged by Williaoi Bodgers sod Jobs S>«ra« with threatening th> •aid W'illUm Bodgers in order to ianmmoe his ' vote, and thereby rendering the eleatio? void. Bodgen, who was Betnming Officer for th.i i diitrict, had appointed a deputy at the election for No. S Wara. aud intesda^d to vote in ?ppo«i -i tiou to Mr. Heddan. The defendant dared nim !to do this, and said if ha attempted to do it ht-. | ! would fine him £30 and set him stone orackiug j for «ix months. Bo4gera,asarasapayer. s ?\'BBis vote, and the election resulted in Okvnr of the , ; defendaniiby three votoi. Before voting Bodgtrs ' ccnaultod nis solicitor, Mr. Bneraoa, and , showed the defendant that geatleman'ts opinion on the matter, when the <J?fjn^«wf. ' aud if the election went against him ,be would not abide by that advice j The defendant, in addressing the Oourt,sub ' niitted that there was no offience,as Rndflans was I not a voter bat Betanuag- Oftlcer, and as such could only give a rr-frig vote. The appoint ment of a Deputy ftetnnring-Offioer did not free him from that obligation, and bad there been a necessity for a casting vote the deputy, who did not live in the ward, would not have -been legally entitled to have voted. The threats complained of be said were against the appoint ment of a deputy, and not to influence a vote. On Monday, August 26, His Worship delivered (judgment io the case, aad said the evidence showed plainly that the threats used were not used toEtodgexsaca'ratepayerbut as Betnming~Omoer. The informant by accept ing that post had deprived hnasnlf of 'the privilege to vote as an elector for tbe time being, nor did thp cir-inifftsit-" of arpriiiting artcpnty, which in itself was a proper and legal act, confer upon the informant auy right wEicn bat for such appointment he aroubf be unable to exercise. The informant could net be per. niitted to abandon his Position at Beturning- Officer and avail himself of an ineguJarisyin order to assume the character «f an eleator, nor insist upon having at the earne time tbe rights and privileges of both. He -"Trniwand the in formatianwith(iosts,aas. AddmautforfiieC^oini of Earfaad s the eubject of the foUowing paragraph taken from the Melbourne Age of Angu t 37;—The vagaries of a lunetio at Goreca ment House yesterday afforded food for idle rumor, and whet after all was h* a ludicrous inaident was nMgnified iato soaao thingaerious before tbe dose of die day. it appeals that on Saturday last a young man of a solemn appearanoe called at Government House and asked if he could obtain an inter view with hit Excellency Sir Goarge Bowea. His Excellency, however?beiag a* the Worrihee at the time be was politely informed of that fact. He then asked if ho could see His EsceUency on Bunday, but again he was in formed that his request eou& ant be acceded to. He was advised, however, te call again on Monday morning after 10 o'clock. Ho then left, and at 9 o'ctack yaaterday moranj he made hk appeHanoe.bat was told to cafl again at half-peat 10 oWfc. He did a*, and was then informed Hast His ExeeUeacy was engaged, and oould not see him. He was asked if an interview with Major Pitt wouU not suit his purpase. butadiganV?d nngatiir was the reply made aa be prodased a asrga envelope directed te His *"??<«— «y team ha pocket. This he ronistatod ahusdil be haiaaad to Sir George Bowob, and then departed. Ho suapiasn at this time was enterfaumad thai the man wasahwats?jbutHisKgnafhaiyoa?p?a ing the letter was wry eeon aspriaedof that fact. Tin il I anil mliiimiiaaij one, ti? writer eettiag forth that he was basi tothe Crown of Engtaad,aad he intended te have it After {nfnrmteg HU Exaet leney that be was ? mare nothing hi this colony, be ateted that be would sail again en the fo?owiaf day. when he would eiperfliim«odcKvertohima?*d«oneof aVg bnd,butifthkwete aot doae there woaUbe bVwdaned. Over tbe word HawMiM adaggar was drawn, and Hia sUaaOency beiag sauad wWhtbeiesmthrtitwasaotaajotbarOromwe?, bnta—ilniaii, that hehadtodaal waft, at once sent the letter to the Chief OiwTawairr of am ..f; «_s*aV • at *.? «s ? gm BBBwsSsma??i ■nmiDe, wita «t wtcounotuv??Kt ms 8W winnr* was soon afterwards obteiaed far the arroat of Fitxsenldon a cfaane of tenocy, aad dajriag the afternoon the aspuaMt te the Crown of Bac landv^anestedatluafedgiagsmFttsroy^ae was indoced to snni—|iasgi tbe sues!ing oficera to the lock-up on tbe mnaaiiilatlim that the CjoTowiko* •bigiliikd wouM «st CaatCs? be pvenatatess him. At the loekHm he eondartol himself quietly, sod said iaraply to the usual forasal questions that he was 27 years of age, aad ems a bootmaker. Tbe next Criminal Sittimre of the Supreme CJaurt begin oa the 10th of next saoath. The calendar contain sVossea. A Circuit Coat ia to be opened at Nanm caort?O?ttotlatof aart —lUfc, ■) at Moat GasabieroutheSSth. tfae/ZTufntftrf^aWol* JTeavaasttfae Augtrdm nnShldur. The memorial atoM of the new Bible Cririi Chapels* Oteaw?leisto be bud by His Honor the OUef JuaMee o?aatexaay after aoon. Tbe anaaal mcetimj of ahemhoUen ia the Alberten Meat Pi earning Oompaay is te be betd at the o?ce, Cntrai otsett, this after noon. The hounds will meet to aaorrow after noon at Torrens Park. Mr. Wivell'* paptk' aasodatioo bafi took place at tbe Town Hall oa Tbaneay night. August SB. About 70 eoupla were preaent,ead danring was kept up till aa eariy hour. Fusileer, who was entered for the SJLJ.O. Handicap Hurdfe Baoe, the Hunt Con, and Membsrs' Hurdle Bans, metwithaa aoadent while jumping on Thursday osarniag, aad trill not be able to take part ia the fnrthaammg rases evan if be recovers from aba effects of bis injuries. One of Ms tegs was aarack by a aplia tered rail, and an old wound was ao badly tn that ttebotseu sow tea crippled ooaditiou. There waa a tolerahlj- good attendance at theTheatee Boyal onTharsdayevauiag.wfaen the exttavagansaof"fvanboe''wasrepeats3. Mias Howarde aad Mies Fisaber nartiaaaarly distin- ' guiabed thwaatlras. Thcaiaging maliraapeeta waa mmsoalty good. The pieoti (s annmiim.ul for npetttion tfll f arther Mtiee, aad the bw«w of really goad aingiaa,—d amnaiag actina; will find a good evening'seatertainaasat ■ witaeaf ing llw iwifiiiUsMMaiiif Hwpiaaaat dianpaiij An entoTtanmseot on behalf of the Cricket and Football Oub ia coaneetion with tbeGlendgOraawnar Wibul was give*.at tbe faatHnte Hall. Olenelg, by the pupQs of tha school, assisted tiybmfaariasaitaa«>«ij?saateoKs, on Thursday eveouag. Anguat AV. Ixere waa a good attendance. The |aagiaman was divided into three patta—the fimt eoasisting of aoaaa snd jiiiiiiifirtfi anliw; th<[airisi<l of a UagbaMe farce entitled "Make your WillsT aad tbe thmlaOiristy Mtnatref entertataasont. which wsj commenced by anigsar wstiiai. *• Way o\a Babies die in Sooth Aastoafiar writteaaad ddiT«(«d by Mr. J. B lfsna. It rnmfri«u< aongs of the anal comk and aeatiaHntel character. Mr.T.W. tyoaa aated as Umoemi Director, and a lady aoutear and Master EC Osstle prerided at the pteao. At the Towa Ball this eweat?g MHriin TaaeawQltlv«a«rthi««lss^laat<?Mert,s«<ler Qeiwiiiiltili |itini| aSMttethawweajeeoC Hia Kroltoncy the Comet as>d LadyJcrvok. Madame Team wtn play Basthavaais fiianai Sonata te A flat. Op. 9*; bar ftaat left head eoto -Hoae, Sweet HorneT uKsMns tied," and fl stanza Is'* pratsy "IWialaailt," aad wiU alse (asaiatod by Mr. Bead oa the viotoneeno) play Msa Mai it a? Banate ta P. A naa?bar of vooal earn* wB bcaaackgrMdae. Mess, Madaaaa Babartaaa. aad Mr.aiaaaaae, aad Mr. Bubaitesnand Mr. WaMptea ■« sWate aa mwailiiai We ss?aont?adi tba* • lataaj aaasbar «f ttekete bw baaa davaakf of, and as tba (i?tanina ia alaa Mil mr "Assca'a hesieat awtMnsMMiaalarnwasi RainefordV Ghost and Petite Comedy Company tircaalai a fresh agapaaaaaa ob ThttT?d?y «r«naaav Aaanail SSvansaa MiasA?sy Horton took borTia alt Tbaandiannr. Urniigo anything bats, law mn.a|niaaMiil toraarn?ghlj rtijoy the eateitaiaaawit, aad wave aat a* all mWsn*off of tfacir M*poa%asMu. Xlw pvfion??aWs? opened with a negro ekateb, "Othette, or abaj?Sapaaca Made Bam' i% wbicb Mean. Bajatfavd and Walkce teak part. Thw wasaaexaaasivehj earning aCak. ia whkh Mr. WalUsawasaartiealadyawd. MaasAaayMsr tea,Jsao baa«jaa4w.aort appaarai te barcfaa gweted aritt mmds ofjjpjilaaa^ A k^ wetttassfau?>taa«aa«. Mr. WaKaee hcoaght down the bouse te bia aagva apsrialitif. aad kadtoaabmUtoaaeMom. Miss Amy Hartaa oa bareasoad ijais ■ ssi highlyappta-Ua, aadaaipfrnri a flaral ssTermg ia tKe aba|M «f a wnath aad aavoral bowjaeta. Tbe phantom Uroa, -Pat tbe Bailitf." aad tbe Christy Hiaatrelk constituted the cast «f tax pra- On Thunda* eveninp, August 39, tbe Adelaide Pbaharmonic Sadejy bsW Ha aa nnal boalnesa mi Hint, in the lledertefel HatL Mr. C. Hack was voted to the cfcMr m pbmof Mr. K Spiiler. who was absent Uanagb usiu position. Tbe Chsirman Dsnarked that taw sorfety was entering apon tbe tenth year of itani^tence.andbesnokeof the beaafit which such an institution confers <m the mvaie^oriag !>nblie generally. Be also commeuted upon tlwp gratitude which *he Society owedtotheua tiriog energies of their present Honorary Ooa ductor, Mr. A. Landergaa. *be Tteasaimi's xtatanentwaathaoread aad adopted, alter wfcif^i followed the Besretarja report, which wm adopted with a. alight alteratian. Tbe report stated amou? otktr things, tint dorfag the patt vsar the Society bad fahhfatly cacriedaat tbe l>roe,pf«tus submitted whan the year com menced, and that some aArttriaaal iteass of a highly interesting nature had baan *Mt&. It further stated that tbe Sxiety had felt it advisable to augment the number of tbeCcni?Jrtee«nd that some-innuential gentle men outside tiie Society had consented te be nominated. Tbe resuh of the election of officers was as follows:—Ooanmittee—The Very Bev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Venerable Archdeacon Mairyat, tba Beva. James Heador sonand W. E. Fletcher, the Boa. Jafaa Cfltteu, Sir. John Darting, JtP, Mr. I*ke V. Foraer, Mf^Mr. John Gordoa,Mr J.Gart?ll,Mr.O. Samnson, and Mr. J. FeMead, with power to add So their number Mr. A. TmaArrgyn con tinues to be Coodacter, Mr. B. SfiUer wOl be Treasurer, Mr. W. H. Cbariaon Secretary, and Mr. J. Bowea Librarian. The meeciug waa brought to a. time with a bearay vote of thanks to the retiring officers. 