W. G. GRA 'AND. HRAO ANDT AUSTRA LIAN"TEAM. " One of Thom,"'in the 'Leader, writes as;follows :-'? In: my last report Ihad to. record our severe defeat in one innings by the Gentlemen of England,.at Prince's..,I can only say respecting that.contest, that if .we had.played at all up to form, the result might have beenfa.?.different. ,I think it ought to be mentioned that the. team'was not wholly composed of: gentle men cricketers, for the Messrs Grace and Gilbert.received ,a sum of £60 for., their, services, and upon an objection,, to. the payment'l;being, raised. ;by . our manager, it ;as,; ointed out by the Messrs:-Prince that, W. G. and G. F..Graco witih.Gilbert are. invariably:paid for'playing. It seems odd, therefore,that they should be included in a team of amateurs. .: We have to thank Mossrs WV. G." Grace : and'.Bush'.for. depriving us. of Midwinter's ,ai during the remainder qf, our tour. Midwinter had enteredintoj a 4erbal arrangement to play for us in every match in England, and. these two persons hearing of it, and' being::desirous eof our;i non-success,' came :into :the pavilion 'at Lord's about noont on the 20th, when we commenced 'our important' match with Middlesex.; They had a long conversation, with Midwinter, who 'was n 'cricketing dress'rbady for' play;, and the upshot was that Midivitr lebft us iii' the' lurch 'with.: out a moniient' i notice, and went 'away. with Grace and ;Bush.to. play with .Glou.; cester'against Surrey at Kennington Oval. I'don't think Grace will be the betterliked, for tht6 iniimcisvre. 'As he wea leaving thdi grouniid lhe'aid' to one of 'us, ;"You haved not the ghost of '.a show against ,Middlesi,,o"; Dbubtless ,thB ''result' !of 'the matchi hl'as !.aurprised- him.' De spite' .Midwinter's aid. too), ,Surrey, which' "we boat by five wickets; defeated ftho "Great' Western )ounty' by 16 runs.: 'We' have determinted that we will not play against Gloucestershire unled Grace' I apologisea' :fdr: his ';conduct.' and '-for l tho languag; ho made.:.use of in i' reference : to :us - on.. the .oocasion of his taking Midwinter away. Berkeley, Sept. 1869.-Goeitlemen, I feel t a duty Iow- tqyou to. oxpress my gratitude for the ogreat ioelit I have derived by talsing "Norton's Camomile Pills." I pplleo to yodr agent, MIr Boll Berkeley, for the' above named pills, ,for; ladwi'lid the stomach, from whclh.,I suffcred oxortoetalng p?ain'for's leongth of'tlme iavtng trled.nearly every remody- p?scribed, biit out deriving any bonot at all. 1 After taking two bottles f your valuable pills, I was uteHo resttored to my usul state of 'health. Please give thispublicity for the benefit of I those who my'thus be afliited.-I unm.' -Si, oure truly, II&z; Acr.Ass:-To the 'prop es r t of Norton's amommile Pillse--Advt. 