. NEW ZEALAND. ' . . [BY CABLE.] .' i . W WELLINGTOW. TW«iV The Customs revenue for the year ended SOtk June amounted to £1,274,467, as against £1,199,1(8 ' forth« previous year. LAMES' UHT-BD EVANGELICAL AssocunoK.^Thei usual monthly meeting of thia rusoclation was held at). the Temperance Hall on Wednesday last. There waa a large attendance of ladies of various Denominational The Secretary reported that the flower mission con-f tinned to progress. On the previous week upwards of three hundred bouquets had been distributed to tho sick, and there were thirty ladies met at the Tem-, perance Hall to help to arrange and carry them to their destination this week. Upwards of two hun- ' dfed had been distributed. Une Indy sent a donation of one hundred beautiful camellias, and another lady continues to pay for twenty camellias weekly. There) has been an abundant supply of cards also, many of} them beautifully illuminated. The cab and'bus den's mission was still doing a good work. Upwards of three) hundred periodicals had been distributed during last I month, and such were gratefully received bv the reci ; pients. A letter was read from Rev. T. Richardson, ! the secretary of the English Bible and Frayer Union. ' [ acknowledging the one started by this association a« a branch union, now numbering nearly 180). members. The English Union numbers about 62,000 members, all agreeing to read one and the sams chapter daily, and to ask God's blessing on the Word read. There were ladies present who had visitedtlss ' ; prisoners at stated periods in the gaob of Ngvr Zealand, Tasmania, Adelaide, Melbourne, and Scot- land ; these ladies expressed a willingness to enter on I the same work here, if permitted so to do. The lady j who so kindly visits the Soup Kitchen weekly has a i large audience, and her teaching ia gladly received. I The prayer-meetings in connection with this associa- tion are well attended, and arc presided over by ladies of various Protestant Denominations alternately. : ACCEPTANCE or BILLS OP EXCHANGE.-By the April mail we learned that the Royal assent had been given : to a bill for amending the Mercantile Law Act of Great Britain. The new Act ia as follows:- - "Whereas by the Mercantile Law Amendment Act, . 1836, and the Mercantile Law Amendment Act (Scot- land), I860, it is enacted that «no acceptance of any hill of exchange, whether inland or foreign,. mads after the 31st day of December, 1S5G, shall be suffi- cient to charge any person, unless the same be in. writing on such bill, or if there be more than one part ' of such bill on one of the said parts, and signed by tbs., acceptor, or some other person duly authorised by him. And whereas doubts have arisen as to the tras effect and intentions of the said enactment, and as to whether the signature of the drawee alone can consti*. tute a sufficient acceptance so as to satisfy the require-' . ments of the said statute shall be further declared. Be it therefore enacted, &c;, &c;, &c;, as follow« :-1. An acceptance of a bill of exchange is not and shall not be deemed to bc insufficient, under the provisions; of the said statutes, by reason only that stich accept* ance consists merely of the signature of tho drawee written on such bill. 2. Nothing in this Act shall ? affect the validity or invalidity of any verdict ox ' ' judgment recovered or given before the passing cn this Act. 3. This Act may he cited for aÛ purpose! . ' as thc Bills of Exchange Act." BRITISH MEN-OF-WAR. AT JAPAN.-We extract tht,: following particulars from a letter received by a gea« - tlcmnn in this city, and dated Nagasaki, May 14. This gentleman's correspondent remarks that several ' I British gunboats hod been coming and going-watch- ing the Russians, who, he asserts, were frequenting : j the islands, ready to make a dash -over to the China - I coast in the event of war being declared. At the time - i he writes, the Admiral (Hillyar) was in port with hil I flagship-the iroclad Audacious, and the gunboats Lily, Magpie, and Sylvia. He also adds that the i frig'ate Modeste, and the gunboat Egeria were ! "mooching around" between Nagasaki and Kobe on the look-out. .' LORD ROSEBERY'S MARRIAGE.-In' the House of\ Convocation, on May 16, the Rev. Prebendary Ainslie I Henstridge obtained permission to read in extetuo the following petition:-"To the Very Reverend the Pro ! locutor, the Very Reverend the Deans, the Venerable Archdeacons, and the Reverend Proctors of the Lowes I House of the Convocation of Canterbury in Session I assembled,-The humble petition of the undersigned Charles Gutch, B.D., priest of the diocese of London, j end incumbent of St. Cyprian's, St. Marylebone, sheweth : 1. That two persons, one of them a Jewess, . i were married by civil contract before the Superin- tendent-Registrar of St. George's, Hanover-square, on March 20 last. 2. That subsequently, on the i same day, these two persons, being married, presented I themselves at Christ Church, Mayfair, for the solemn- ising of their union with the marriage service bf the Church of England. 3. That a priest of this diocese did then and there read the Church's service with them and did therefore, according to that service, bless them in the name of the Eather, of the Son, and ol the Holy Ghost» 4. That this uBe of the service for one who is an unbeliever in the Christian religion is a i plain profanation of holy things, and a great scandal ! m the . eves of your petitioner and' of many other . Christians. 5. That this ceremony wai performed. under the sanction of a license, which was issued from the'Bishop's registry, and carried the episcopal seal, and styled the two persons "our well beloved'in Christ."' G. That such license was not merely need- less in the case bf two persons already joined r>v civil contract, but might have been withheld at the discre- tion of the Bishop or his registrar acting under his in* I strnctions. (See opinion of Sir Travers Twiss, lat« Vicar-GeneraH which was read by BishopWilberforce ih the Upper.House of Convocation, February IV 11872). 7. That vour petitioner, feeling deeply ag« j grieved at this manifest breach of Church order and I profanation of holy rites, earnestly entreats "youl reverend House to take the whole matter into your grave consideration, and to deal with it as your rev- erend House shall deem most conducive to the honour of our Lord' Jems Christ and ihe discipline of fha Church; and the interests of true religion among us. And vour petitioner will ever pray, &c.-Signed; bj me, Charles Gutch, B.D.. this fifteenth day of May, . in the year of Our Lord one thousand eiaht. hundred and'sevenw-eiaht* ? ' 