By the Nepean River BY WAIF WANDER. \-----------o----------- MANY years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to the present site of the Circular Quay, and at about three o'clock in the afternoon the bright sunlight that streamed in the open door- way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. The figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. He was well- featured, but not pleasant-faced-a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinate firm- ness of lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. He was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat ; he carried a stout whip in his brown hand, and the clerk set him down at once as a country wool-grower down with his waggons. "There's a ship expected in by your folk, ain't there-a ship called the Wave of Life" he asked. "She's in," replied the young man at the desk; "there she lies," and he pointed with the handle of his pen toward a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. "In? is she? Ah! And she has brought out some women, hasn't she ? some servants I mean?" " Yes, she has eighteen females on board, I believe." " What would be the best way to engage one ? Can I take a boat and go out to the vessel?" " She's discharging her passengers now ; I'm going down to the wharf in a few moments; you can come along if you like, and you'll have an opportunity of seeing the women as they land." In a few moments, as the clerk had said, they wore on their way to the wharf, and as they reached it a couple of boats were making their way toward the shore. It was evident that the boats were principally occupied by females, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new country, in which everything seemed so strange to their unaccustomed eyos. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy-browed woman, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that soomod to take ia everything around her and analyse it, as far as her own personal intorest was concornod. She was not very young- sho might have boon thirty and she looked like a woman who would not loso bor way even in so groat' a continent as Australia. As thoy landed and wero mot upon the wharf by many whom curiosity or business had led to see the new arrivals, the woman I have describb3 stood a little apart, looking keenly from face to face of tbe strangers around, und listen- ing sharply to what passed bet ween those who sought to engage a servant froui among her late companions. Her ap- pearance seemed to attract the man who had come down with tho shipping-clerk, and he moved toward her. " Are you looking for a situation, my girl ?" he asked, bending his brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his broad hat. "I suppose so," she answered, as she returned his stare with interest. "Have yon ono to offer ino ?" " I have. I am just down to engage a woman." " For what kind of work ?" "Housework, in the country." " And the wages ?" * "Oh, wo won't quarrel about the wages. If you will come with me I'll give you the highest wilges that's going, for my placo is so far out of town that I know it isn't overy girl would care to take it." " How far away is it ?" "Over forty miles. Just under the first spur of the Blue Mountains." The woman laughed. It was not a plensaut laugh to hear-it was harsh and shallow. " I'm as wise, as I was before. . What do I know about your Blue Moun- tains or your Green Mountains ! There's ono thing I'd like to ask you, my good man. What made you pick mo out of all these girls to ask mo ? My looks are not in mv favour I know." ' ' Perhaps it was because they aru not tbat I preferred you. You look like a woman that bas a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. That's the sort of woman I want. " " "Well, you're right ; that's about my character, und if wo agree about terms I think I'll go. Them Biuo Mountains of yours will havo to bo very high indeed if thoy keep mo from coiniug back to Sydney if I havo a mind to," und she laughed again tho s tran go, disagreeable laugh I remarked on before. "But ono thing I may as well toll you at once, I don't go ono foot with you or any man until I'm taken to some well-known person of this city that will vouch for your decency and respectability. " "That is but fair," ho said, "and I agree to it." "And now you may givo mo a name to call you by," she said. " My own namo is Martha Wilderness." "And mine Mark Blum." ' ' You're not a foreigner ?' ' " No, but I expnet soma of my peoplo wore Gormans. Now, Martha Wilder- ness, if you will point out your luggage, II ll got it talcon to tho placo I put up at, and whore you may as well put up ut too. Thoy ni-o respectable people thero, aud havo known me for years." Apparently all was arranged to the woman's satisfaction, for tho earliest sunrays of tho noxt morning saw the waggon cf Mark Blum on its way to tho Blue Mountains, with Martha Wilderness sitting under tho tilt, hut near tho front, whore she could soo tho lino team of horses and talk to tho gloomy-looking owner as he drove. They wore a strange coupler as thoy j oggod along, and had any ono have boon thoro to observo them, it must havo boon [ commented on. Hours and hours of tho long summer day they sat thoro in silence, eich apparently immersed in unpleasant thought, totally irre- spective of tho existeuoe of the other, only arousing occasionally as soma stoppago was necessary, or tho wants of tho horses had to be attended to. When the sun was falling beneath the horizon, howovor, and they were but a littlo way from the place Blum had told tho woman he should camp out for tho night, a now mood scorned to overtake the immigrant. Clapping hor hands together, so suddenly that Blum turned and looked at hor with a start, sha criod, " Well, wo'ro nice company ! How far havo wo come, Mr. Blum?" "Well, wo'ro about thirty miles from Sydney, and about fifteen from tho Nepean. My place is not far from Emu Ford, and if tho moon wasn't so old, I'd give tho horses a rest and get in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high, you seo," and he pointed to the palo crescent that was drooping towards tho trees. " Are you tired ?" he nskod. " Tired ! no, not I-I'm never tired ut night. I'm like tho cats, and tho bats, and the rats ; I only bogin to bo alivo whon tho world goes to sleep. My ! but this is a fino country !" Blum looked wonderingly at tho spealor, who seemed in earnest in her admiration of ono of the most depressing bits of seouery tho whole road between Parramatta and tho Nopoan could show. They had roached a low, marshy spot, whore the coarse vegetation was low, and whore tho heavy timber had receded in the direction of tho not now distant Nepean river. Tho sun had fairly sot by this tiino, and broad, dark clouds from the oast wero creeping up tho sky, darkening and deepening the shadows, and rondoring tho long, low marsh ovon gloomier looking than had the day- light fallon upon its surfaco. ' The woman's eyos wero roaming eagerly over tho desolate landscape, as if she thoroughly enjoyed it, and her com- panion bogan .to think ho had got to deal with a very strange womau. " If you really Uko tho look of Barra Swamp," ho said, "you must be very different from other peoplo." "I am very different from other peoplo, Mr. Blum, and so aro you. It was because I saw that at the first look that I wanted to Jcoine up to tho Blue Mountains with you." " Saw what ?" he asked sharply, turn- ing a dark look upon the speaker. "Saw that you bad a secret in your faco, that thoro was down in your heart a dark something to hido that you wore afraid would look out of your eyes ! Oh, I'm a rare one to road faces, especially when they're bad ones liku your's." Bluui stared at her with suoh anger and consternation that ho forgot his tann, and had thoy not boen accustomed to tho road thoy might havo passed tho track that lcd to tho riverside, whore ho was in tho habit of cam ping, but they took it of thoir own accord, and tho chango drew tho driver's nttention to thom. " You'ro no coward, at all events, my good'woman," ho said, "and I must havo a talk to you in plain languago presently." "No, I'm no coward," sho roturnod ; "if I was I shouldn't havo como with you ; and as foi'plain languago, that's tho sort I like tb deal in sometimes," sho added, with a slight hesitation as though recalling a something that sho had over- looked. It was far pleasanter down by tho river. Trees grow on its murmering banks, and groon grasses hid the dark ground, and in tho growing darkness even tkeroadeop gloom lay under tho spreading branches of tho dark pines that bordered tho Nepean. Thoro wàs no word exchanged bot weou tho uñgenial companions until tho horses had been" attended to, and a rough meal prepured aud partaken of, but when that was cleared away, Martha Wilderness spoke. "Now, master," she said, with a sar- castic emphasis, " we're ready for that íílain language of yours. What's the business you have trapped me for at the Blue Mountains ?" " Trapped you for ?" he repeated. " Or thought you trapped mo for, where all ulone it Was you that was trapped !" and agnjn tho strange lau;jh fell repellently on tho ear3 Qf ber now employer. " I laid no trap for you," \\*> retorted. " I engaged you for housework in the back country, and you signed an agree- ment to do it." " Yes, but when I signed that agree- ment, I never asked you what sort of housework it was. Do you think any fool couldn't see in your face that it wasn't for sweeping floors and wushms; dishes you wanted a stroug-mitided und able-bodied woman to go to tho Blue Mountains with you ? By tho way, what do they call them blue for ? Are they blue ?" It was a sudden chango of . subject, and excited the suspicions of Blum. He lookod at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must bo, and felt a strange curiosity to know what was pass- ing in her mind. Surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of miles to know anything of his lifo, when not one in tho conutry he dwelt in suspectod its mulley r Martha was sitting on the grass, with her back leaning; against a log, and the low moon sinking beyond the glittering waters, throwing its sad liuht on her palo faoo. She had taken off her bonnet and tossed it on the ground bosido her, where it still lay, and her hand with it. Blum sat on a bit of wood at tho dis- tance of a few feet from her, and his shoulder was toward the moon. Ono side of his face was in deep shadow, and tho brim of his hat fell low over his fore- head ; but ovon in tho pale moonlight tho nullor of tho man's taco was liko a whit» patch against tho dark background, and his eyes shono liko coals of tiro, .-i As Martha askod .tho irrelevant ques- tion regarding the name of the mountain that sho could now soo tho bold outline of rising up against the horizon, her own keen orbs were bent upon Blum's faco, which she watched with a greater sus- picion than was exhibited in evon his own half-angry gazo, "Well," she said, abruptly, "why don't you toll mo why they call them blun ? they look black to me." What tho - do I care why or what thoy call thom !" ho returned. "Do you think I engaged you to come up to the Nepean to talk of the Blue Mountain? ?" " No, I don't ; you brought me up to do some dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself oven now. What was it ? that's what I want to know." Her attitudo was so determined and aggressive, as sho partially raised her- self, and, lifting her hand from the ground, hold it out before him with an air of command, that it, almost uncon- sciously to himself, iinprossod him. " Well, that's just what I want to toll you. You'ro a sharp woman, you are, to huyo guessed that I was afraid to tell you for four you wouldn't como. But we'll have it out now-it's too late to go back." " Yos," she replied, "it's far too lato now ; what business have you for mo ? Why did you look among all my com- panions, and, passing by tho fair and jolly girls, pick out the dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work." "Becauso it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will-you have both, Martha Wildornoss." " Yos, I have. Seo to that," sho said, pushing tho loose sleeve up from hor wrist, and showing an arm, white as a woman's, but strong and muscular almost as a man's. " What is it you. want me to do ? Is it murdor ? I could strangle you, I think, if I had a mind to ; " aud putting tho ends of her strong fingers and thumbs together, she grtppod them in as though sho were crushing the life out of some living thing, and listening to its gasps. Blum shuddered to tho marrow of his bones. " No, no ! " ho criod, " how can you talk like that, woman ? It's bad enough as it is. Woll, the plain English of it is that my wife is mud, and I want you to look after her." "Mad! Your wifo mad?" Like a knife tho terrible laughter of that strango boing wont through Mark Blum. Her hands foll to her lap, and lotting I hor head drop back so that tho heavy braids of her black hair unloosed aud fell upon tho log behind her, she laughed until tho echoes rang among tho branches of tho trees abovo hor and along the winding bank of tho Nepean rivor. " Woman, there is suroly nothing to laugh at in madness ! " Blum cried, half in terror and half in anger. " Isn't thora ? Som«times it seems to mo tho funnioät thing in tho world is a mad woman. And so you want mo to watch your wife, who is mad ? " " Yes, you aro not afraid of tho job I soo." " I told you I was no coward ; what way is sho mad ? Is sho dreamy and silent ? does sho wander with tho moon, or kill with it ? Or does sho nurso and hide ono feeling- down below all others, a feeling to which years aro as days, and which only gathors with timo ? Does sho carry that one feeling about with her from youth to ago, and ovorland aud sous to quench it at last in tho blood of an enemy ?" She was like a Pythoness, whom tho ovil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as sho rose suddenly and pourod out burn- ing and strange words, to tho night air of the Nepean. In tho exaggerated imagination of Mark Blum, she sooraod to loom tall and weird, in tho darkening gloom, and her waving arm soouiod to hold a strange powor ovor him, and to subdue bis will, liko an incantation. "Does sho wander about like a ghost, and mutter of a lover who deeoivod her, or of a husband she has lost ? Aro her dreams of limitloss space, whero souls without bodies, flit about in tho sunless air, or of tho bottomless pits of fire, whore tho accursed of heaven dwell ? Hit! ha! ha! of what strango things aro th« thoughts of mad women!" Blum swept tho cold perspiration from his forehead, and got up hurriedly: " I'm beginning to think, yoti'ro mad yourself, my good woman, and I will take a I'amblo until you como to yourself. If I hadn't boon in your company all day, I'd swear you had boon drinking," and ho strode oil' into tho darkness. "Pool!" sho muttered to horsolf, as sho once moro sat upon tho prrass ; " ho thinks that nothing but drink can moko a woman mad-he, of all nion, ought to lenow bettor?" _ As sho ceased to spouk tlmsounds of a quickly approaching horso'steot becamo distinct, and in a fow moments a horso niau alighted cl oso tc^lhe waggon. See- ing tho reoumbfint or half-recumbent figuro of the^jvomnn making tho shadows darker whuro sh . sat, ho peered forward in the gloo::i, rind spoke. " "You aro a woman, oh ? "Where's Blum?" " Here, there, anywhere," she answered, carelessly. "I am hero, John. "What has hap- pened ?" Blum spoke sharply, as he came near the man, and one could hear that his voice trembled. "Nothing that need fret you much, Blum. She's dead." "Dead?" ''Tes, and I thought I'd better meet you with the news, or someone else might. There's all sorts of yarns at the Ford about it, and I did not know how y«a'd take "ern." '"'-Tarns ?" " Yes, i haven't been up to your place since you ~*.(tt you know, and it seems someone froiu. over the mountains happened to pass vv tho house yesterday, aud had tho curiosity v> listen at the door or window, wondering i»"w yOU had left your wife. It is said that groans were heard-at all events the stranges smashed in tho door with your own ,ax«, and found the woman dying." " Not dead ? not speechless ?" "No, she told him that you had left her there for ovor a week without water and without food, and that sho was dying of want. But she told him more," the man said, drawing closer and aloioát whispering ; sha told that you wished her death, lest she should inform of your crimes, and that she had never boen mad. Mark Blum, I rode here to-night to give you a chance for your life", for if you go to Emu Ford thoy will lynch you -if they don't, dead men have been brought to light from their graves made by you, and tho law will do your business." The speaker waited for an instant, but tho wretched Blum made no reply, and tho man remounted without another word und rodo away again into the gloom. Blum stood where he had listoned, as if he had been struck dumb ; in those few minutos of helpless silonco he doubtless suffered an almost unendurable agony from tho horror of his own thoughts. Ho had forgotten all but tho terrible words of tue departed horseman, and I when the woman ho had forgotten put her hand on his arm ho Rasped with terror, as though ho thought his mur- dered wife had come face to face with him in the lone night by the Nepean Uiver. " Ha ! ha ! " she laughed ; " I am not, and yet I nm, the ghost of your dead wife. At last, at last, Mark Blum, your sins have overtaken you." "Who are you that talks to me like this ? " ho cried, hoarsely, as though the words choked him. "If you heard, that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. If I had meant to kill her wouid I have hired you to attend her ? " " Only tho Spirit of Evil knows what you would, bo capable of doing, Mark Blum. I know what you havo done. And so you have murdered your second wife ? Not evory man can boast of killing two wives 1" Tho moon was now just throwing her last beams full in tho faces of the two so strangely cast together in that wild and lonoly spot, and from tho cloudless sky millions of stars wero pouring down their brightness as tho last beams of the biddon daylight ceased to contend with them. Into each other's faces the two stared steadily, and it seemod to Mark Blum as if, moment by tnomont, the woman's fuco became more familiar to him. "Who are you?" he repeated. "Your face is changing-it is not the face of tho woman I engaged at Sydney. I think I am going mad ! . I feel choking !" and ho tore from his necks the scarf that encircled it. " You know my face too well, Mark Blum-a living man cannot forgot the face of his victim. I am Jane Repsill." " Jano Repsill !" "That wai, until she became Jane Blum. Wonder you dared to live under that samo name, evon although thou- sands and thousands of miles were between you and the blood you had shed. But you did not spill enough of it.' You loft mo for a corpse; but, although my skull was fractured, I recovered, to find myself mad I Not mad enough to forgot you though, Mark Blum. Not mad onough to prevent me from vowing a vow, and repeating it for fifteen; years, until tho asylum doors wore opened to the recovered lunatio ! Recovered ! I shall let you and them seo !" Ho staggored back and lifted his hand to his head. " If it is really you, Jane, have pity on me-I believe I ain dying." " It is time for you to die. Would to God that you had died twenty years ago !" and as tho old inemorios flooded up the diseased brain, sho seamed to forgot tho man, who fell to the. grass at her feet; she meohanioally fell again to her former seat on ! tho grass and buried her faco in her hands. Thero was no oyo to mark tho two figuros half hidden among the shadows, and hours passed away, leaving their outlines unchanged. Clouds orept up once more and hid the brightness of tho heavons, and wild breezes -swept among tho pines and roughened tho sur-, faco of the cold Nopean. ' Moaning sounds followed tho course of tho orratio breezes, aud dead loavos from tho branches above foll upon the face of Mark Blum and upon tho disordered hair of tho silent wónian, but they made no sign. The calico covor of the waggon flapped in tho wind, and tho satisfied horses cropt near it for company, but tho man lay prone upon the grass and the woman's face was still hidden from tho dows of night. Tho morning broke bright nnd beau- tiful on the shores of tho rivor, and in all his glory the glad sun shone full upon tho Bloopers. Tho horses, looking for thoir oarly food, moved towards their slumbering master", and then fled with a terrified snort. A groy lizard cropt along the log against which,tho woman leaned, and invading her long, damp, black hair, crawlod to hor shoulder and touched with its shiny sides, the hands that hid her face, but she did not chide it ; and when tho samo horseman, who had warned Blum, returned during tho day to satisfy himself that Blum had fled, he found the murderer staring with sightless eyes up at the heaven ho had outraged ; and the dead woman with her fuco for over biddon from tho world she had suffbrod in. Thero are green spots uow by tho Nopean River, and many homesteads on its banks, hut whore thoso doad bodies lay tho air sooms always gloomy to thoso who know tho story I havo told you. Tau timos aro hard-everybody siiys so but tho wages of sin have not boon out down. ANY mau pays too much for his whistlo who hus to wot it iiftooa or twenty tiraos a (lay. ; THE other day tho Borksliiro Courier, with well-foigncd innocence, iuquirod, " How can ílvo porsoná divido ílvo opqs so that ouch man will rocoivo one, and still ono romain in tho dish" After sovoral mmtlrotl pooplo wout two-thirds distracted in tho muzos of this pro- position, tho Courier meanly says-Ono takes tho dish with tho ogg. 