AMUSEMENTS. The Victoria Theatre was crowded last night, on the repetition of " Henry IV " The performance was excellent, and fully bore out the praise it received on all hands Recommended as the play is, by both capital acting and good scenery, it cannot fail to please while to those who go deeper, and wish to see a good Shakespearian representation, there is genuine satisfaction in witnessing one of the great dramatist's plays so evenly and well performed The opportunity may here be, taken of collecting an obvious error which appeared in yesterday's notice of Henry IV " As everybody knows, it was Henry V , and not the Chief Justice of England, who cast the stern reproof of " fool and jester" on Sir John 1 mistake The misquoted onwospurelj inadvertent, and was not discovered until too late to be corrected It is, however, too obvious to mislead This evening " Henri IV " will be repeated M hear a burlesque or extravaganza is announced for production at the Theatre Royal, one is tolerably safe in pre- dieting that it will be well done The nnnngementhas laid itself out to this business to a great extent, and much to the satisfaction of the lovers of that kind of performance Therefore something good was expected last night when the Lydia Howarde Company commenced their season with H J. Byron's c_triiagir_a of "Ivanhoe." On her last visit to Sidney Miss Howarde made a great success with "The white Cat." -now "Ivanhoe' belongs to a more modern school, and deals with absurdity to suit the fashion of the day Nothing is sacred from these burlesque writers They parody oven Shakspeare, and poor Sir Walter Scott seems to furnish them with 4th endless themes for mirth The burlesque writer with perfect happiness ignores probability and everything that is consistent, and makes such utter nonsense of the whole affair that one can do nothing but laugh any more serious feeling would be so much good passion wasted So it is with this extravaganza of " Ivanhoe" From first to last the thing is supremely ridiculous, and it is so well done that you can- not but be amused Take the cast as follows -Miss Ûovvaine. Miss Na ware, Miss Oliver inss Roger , Messrs South, Welsh, and Brown, do their work capitally There vvasanimmenselv crowded house last night. The extravaganza will he repeated this ov ening The ' Original Georgia Minstrels " were well patronised last night, the Queen's Theatre being filled in every part to overflowing- almost indeed, to suffocation The usual entertainment was given, consisting of songs, conundrums, and in fact, anything that could excite the risible faculties of the audience. The final performances of this troupe will no doubt end very successfully The minor places of entertainment were all well attended last night, and this is not surprising, considering the enormous influx of visitors to Sydney, the majority of whom have come for the purpose of being amused The varied character of the performances now given are calculated to suit the taste of all, as, it theatrical representations are state to some they can find a change by looking at ghosts and phantoms, admiring acrobatic feats, witnessing a diorama, or studying scientific instruments Beyond these many quadrille parties took place last evening, and, as usual, the lovers of these pastimes mustered in great force BOTANY. There was, as usual, a large attendance of holiday visitors at Botany. The beautiful bay and the excellent accommodation provided both at the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel and Correy's Tea Gardens are certain at holiday times to attract a" fair quota of visitors. The only thing which prevents a larger attendances the difficulty of access. Being jolted in omnibuses to and fro, with a scuffle each way, is calculated to ruffle the most even-tempered folks. "iVhen in this railway to be constructed which will bring one of our most beautiful watering places into immediate communication with Sydney? No special amusements were provided, though they -were extemporized ; but a pleasant day was passed by all present. ~ - A Reuter's telegram from Paris, dated the 22nd February, stated that the Minister of Commerce intended bringing forward a proposal to increase by 24 per cent, the general Customs tariff!, and for those nations which levy an import duty of more than 20 per cent, upon similar articles of French production the increase is to be 50 per cent. The Times Parisian correspondent, on the 24th, telegraphed that these statements of Reuter's conveyed a very exaggerated impression of the proposed changes in the French tariff. - 