THE MYS-TEEIES OF , - CRIME; ' ■ OB, _ TnE EXHOBrEKG.ES OE AK EdJKBBBGB ' : ■ Detective.—ISo. XCVI. [Published by special arraugemeut with the Author'.] , . . A. WIFE'S ENDURANCE. , . :-PaHT II. • : turned ;away from the closed door of the room—through which' the lady had vanished with such unaccountable fury and agitation—liot greatly disturbed,. but cer • taihiy. curious as to the cause. W hy should \- • she so. determinedly wish the guilt to come ■-out all'-iiwone direction, and stifle every " enquiry which might point to another? •From the first she had directed our atten tion to Eliza, the tablemaid, as the thief —-an incautious and even dangerous step "- . in itself, . which nor one in calm blood would have ventured to take. Such hints . came showering in upon us in nearly every, case'that passes through our hands, and as ■ a rule fliey have to he quietly put on one side- as either useless or positively unjiist. Then, the moment I appeared to suspect a complicity with the sooty : scullery-maid, ,; now grovelling abjectly on the floor, the Jafly/s-manner..had become . agitated and .alarmed> and she had determinedly tried\o . interrupt and impede my progress, which before she had resolutely quickened and aided' by- every means in lier power. Was there ,any: guilty malice or criminal par tiality tinder it all? I had found such things , even in ladies, and determined to $y and discover. The- piteous wail and in • tensely reproachful look of Eliza when sjie said "to Meg, " -You hnoro who is the thief —how can you. see me suffer ?" were not lost upon me.; and the curious opposition • of the lady only made me the more de termined to get to the .bottom ox the . mystery, . • ' • v.-" Now, girls," I began, speaking without, harshness, ,/•' it .-seems to me .that some of the/facts in connection with this strange theft are known to both of youand I have only one advice to tender you—if you are guilty, hold your tongues; for every word you utter will 'be used against you ; hut if ,y.ou are innocent speak out. The truth.is ' . .not likely to harm you near so much as a guilty silence." There was a painful pause after these words. Eliza-tearfully:wrung her hands and looked; at Meg, who sullenly gnawed at the corner-of her apron, and finally groaned out— '/ "Oh, I'm orful wicked—I ought to be hanged." " And I am innocent," cried Eliza. " Oh, Meg, say that, at least—say you know I'm innocent." - ; , ; "I knows you are innocent—yes, I nmy say, that," blurted out Meg, after a fearful look around. > " If you are innocent, can you account in any,wav for, the presence of these pawn tickets' in the heart of your trunk ?" I has tened to put ixi. "I caunot—they must have been spirited in in some way," was the ingenuous answer. /' They could not have been put in without my knowledge, for the key is never out of my keeping. I sleep with it even; see, I wear it with a string round my neck." ".Does no one sleep with you?" "No, one; I am here all alone. The other servauts wouldn't come near this attic for their lives—they think it haunted." "Strange! Now, look at those tickets one by one,", and I placed them in her hand; " and tell me, do you know nothing of the disappearance of thearticles they represent?" ? I watched the white beautiful face as I spoke ; and there, sure enough, as she bent over the tickets, was the strange hot flush creeping up over the cheeks, which no effort could; conceal. .. " I know nothing of the silk dress indeed I do not," she evasively answered at, last. , : "Let.the dress pass;" what of the other • (things ?" I i quickly pursued. : There was another horrible pause. She .looked anxiously across at the scullery maid ;: hiit Meg was busy mopping her eyes "with her apron, and groaning aloud, un conscious of the signal. ... "T do know something of them; hut as it was given in confidence, and would affect some,;v.ery poor and deserving people, I would hardly be justified in repeating it," wag. her. reply, given after a minute's thought.. "To screen the guilty is to commit a crime," I shortly returned. " You say you did not steal the articles yourself ?" " I do;; I could swear it on a Bible." "Then .the thief must be some .other of the servants?" and my eye went significantly across, to the sooty girl on the floor beside her." , ;The .glance was not lost, The blood Lslow]y mounted Eliza's cheeks, and in great confusion she stammered out— , " I—I suppose it must he ,so?' , ;Have you any enemies in the. house ?" I pursued. -"Any one whom, you think capable of working you an injury ?.(7ds girl . here, for-, instance ?" . and I laid my hand heavily on Meg's shoulder;. • . .££ Oh*, no, n^ cried Eliza, drag ging the girl away from me, and putting her arms :round her neck. .."Meg .would not .injure .me; nor. see hie injtircd—Til stMre my. life .on that!" , I'm orful had; don't put your arras roiind me—I don't deserve it, groaned Meg, tugging off the other's hands, and \- lookiiig'up for the first time. " Oh, Mister Peg, dbn't believe her in that—there is one in the house that would willingly see her in her grave—that's the missus—all a-cos Master Frank fell in love wi' her, and 'wouldn't fall in love wi' nobody else." " Oh, -'ho! I begin to see through it all now:r Well?" V " Well, :I can't tell no more, I want to be took up ana transported, but it'ud kill niy mother—I know it would. The things was took a lend of by some fin in this house :—I know that much. Then some im notched that orful bad un, and. said, Til transport you and your mother for it if ye don't do as I .tell yer, and put it all on some un else wot t hate.' So this orful bad un goes and pawns 'em all, and the silk dress wot the other un give her, and then she slipped in here w'en Eliza was sleepin' and took the key from her neck and puts all the tickets in her box, and went* out again,' . sayin' ' Oh, ye orful thief, yer oughter be hanged!' Oo-oo-ooh! I do wish that orful bad un had on'y' busted up afore she did it; but I'm not goin' to sajr who she | .is," and Meg, doubtless thinking that she had concealed the guilty one very cleverly, had another blubbering match into her apron. . Not one word, or tone, or expression in this speech was lost upon either the table maid or myself. We had listened in breath less silence, and at«the close I smiled out in triumph at the unexpected revelation aud clue thus thrown right at, my feet. Not so with'poor Eliza. With a faint moan she , sa.uk hack," white to the lips, and, pressing her hand on her breast, she breathed rather than said—' . "Oh, God! I never'thought of that." | "Itliink the guilty one will not, he j , difficult to find, if "this girl is inclined to prove her words," I said, with some ani- j mation, addressing Eliza. " But, cheer up, my'girl, it is not you who wi!l suffer: if* you had only spoken out boldly we might have spotted the lady at first." i " Oh! no, 310, no ! not her—not her! I would rather suffer myself .than have it brought down on her i" screamed Eliza, with unaccountable agitation. " This girl 1 is mad—you must not mind a word she says —you might1 have noticed from the first that she is quite insane. I think after all that I myself am guilty—it is quite clear I must be so,' for the. tickets were found iu liiy box, and it is quite impossible that they could have been put in as the girl snys. Just take.me away, and let. the thing go *011 as it has begun." I smiled out at the request, not without pity aiid admiiatiou for the girl thus willing to sacrifice herself for the very woman' who had so remorselessly doomed her: but before I could reply, Meg, who had started up iu amazementr at the words, and was now staggering back with uplifted hands, and eyes opened to their widest, cried out—' "Oh, erimfny—criminy! If ever I see such a good-hearted fo.ol ! I shau't stand it—no, afore I'll see you do that, to save her—though you do like Master Frank— I'll tell all! There now! Transport me— transport my mother and us all! I'm ready! Won't I make oakum fly! Here, Mister Peg, I make's a clean breast of it all—I—". The sudden opening of the door inter rupted her confession, and the lady of tba house, pale as death, glided into the room. Her face was stvangely distorted, and showed a mixture of humbled pride, abject fear, and unquenchable bate. The snapping open of the door had been so sudden that, coupling it with the agitation of the in truder, 1 flashed at but one conclusion—she bad been listening outside. "I am sorry to interrupt your investiga tions, Mr. "Detective," she said in husky tones and with the slightest trace of a sneer i:i her voice; <'hut I find, upon examina tion, that the things which these, tickets represent were yimi to Eliza to do what she liked with^and therefore that no theft has really been committed. Is it not so, girl?" Eliza crimsoned to the ears—stammered —choked—and finally merely answered by a slight inclination of the head. " I am really sorry that I have given you so much trouble for nothing," pursued the lady, with sensible relief/"hut perhaps that will be a sufficient recompense," and haughtily opening her purse she held out a sovereign. " Thank you; hut I am,paid'by the city," I said,' bowing coldly, and making 110 at tempt to relieve her of the bribe. " More, J never, under any circumstances, accept pay ment till the work is done—which, in this case, it'certainly is not. You have charged this girl with theft; and so far as I can find she' is not only entirely innocent, but the victim of a cruel plot as well. I have now a good idea where the guilt really lies/and if she only chooses to become accuser in turn I will probe tbe matter to its very core. Come, lassie, what do you say ?" and heedless' of the malignant fury of the lady I turned to the persecuted girl for an answer. " There is no guilt anywhere. I am much obliged to you for your kindness tome; but I have nothing to charge against any one," was, her simple reply, listened to by me with some annoyance, and by the lady with affected indifference. As for Meg, her face waff a study for a painter. The unexpected turn things were, taking—the cool way in wliicE her mis tress's statements were made, combined with her own knowledge of the real facts seemed to take her breath away. . She stared, and stared—moving slowly back wards as sbe did so—first at Eliza, then at' me, and then at the lady; then an unmis takeable chuckle shook her frame, and then, with an uncontrollable burst, the words came— Oh, jimininy! I thought! was good at telhn lies—wallopers as long as that—but if this don't .beat all—"- . " Margaret, he good enough to retire to theseullery!" ' ' • • The order came out sharply from the lady, and in a tone that cowed her in a moment. Stuffing a great piece of her anron, into her mou'th'to smother the irrepressible laugh ter issuing from her throat, Meg obeyed, and vanished from the room with a dive. "I think I may now leave," I said, moving towards the door in disgust, and looking the lady full in the face with a significance that could not but tell her that I liad guessed*at the truth; " but in doing so, you cannot expect me to express myself as satisfied. It seems to me that' from the beginning there has been an amount of shuffling and evasion, capped bv even deliberate lying, which is not only "signifi cant but extraordinary. I trust, madam', you will be more sure of your, grounds before you call us in again." ' ' " I trust so—! mean to "be so," she haughtily replied, with a wicked gleam in the direction of the tableinaid. " When I call yon in again, the guilty one shall not escape." ^ She uttered the words with bitter em phasis; yet how little did she or I dream of the sharp fulfilment that was to make the speech prophetic. I raised my hat, the lady curtsied stiffly, and thus the interview came to amend, and I left the house. I was dissatisfied—annoyed—actually angry; aud, to add to these feelings, I siever expected to hear more of the parties or get nearer the truth. That I was mis taken I haVe now to show. About two months after the charge of theft had been preferred against Eliza, her movements through the house began to he ' watched with strange suspicion hy her fellow-servants—at least, by all but Msg, who how would i.aVe fought teeth and nails .for her while there was a breath in her body. Eliza noted the looks with a flutter of dread, and became more silent and. retired than ever— spending whole hours alone in her.haunted attic, and some times weeping herself neu rly . blind over wildly-written letters, which she got Meg to post, and which that devoted messenger could just make out were addressed to London. One night Eliza appeared not ouly terribly flustered, but positively ill. Meg watched lier with a beating heart, and came to the. conclusion that, in spite of her assurances, Eliza was deceiving her. At. last the day's work was over, and she saw Eliza slowly climb 'to her bedroom. Meg bad no right to watch her; but then, as she afterwards argued, how was. she to know hut what Eliza might he going to commit suicide ? As soon as the door was" closed and locked inside Meg slipped off her shoes, stole along the . passage, and, breathlessly' peering through the keyhole, saw Eliza at a strange and unaccountable occupation. The gas was glaring to its utmost height—the little fireplace, Eliza's trunk, and Eliza herself were clearly visible; but what, puzzled Meg was to see lier friend insert the little poker in 'the fire, patiently wait till it. was red-hot, and then proceed to burn with it holes in the hack and ends of her trunk. The process was slow and painful. Meg knelt there watching it for nearly and hour and a half; but when it was finished, and the trunk had three wide holes at the hack and one at each end, and Eliza had un dressed and turned -out the gas, Meg wa^ as much mystified as ever. " Well, here's a go!" she whispered to herself, as she slowly retired to her own bedrooni. " I never seed the like of that before—except in "my last place hut one, when the hoys did that with a hex to make it into a rabbit house. Tim holes was to let in air, they said. Can Liza be going to keep rabbits on the sly 1J - I'll watch her ; and after they're in I'll feed .'em on the quiet, and steal turnips from the cook for '(Mil; and not let any one near to End out what's here. Yes, I don't care what hap pens ; I'll stick up for Liza, through thick and thin,'though I should he transported or hanged for it.after—-just see if I don't." " Meg's toilet, not being of an intricate order, did not take long in undo—she bad only to, tug off her things, mop her hair up in a lump, and jump into bed'." But, though she had trifled away an hour and a-half which should have been spent in sleep, her brain was in .too active and excited a state* now to sink at once into perfect repose. She kicked about for a short time, keeping her eyes tightly closed for fear of ghosts: and then in a half-awakened state she dreamed that Eliza had got a beautiful little rabbit, with' innocent pink eyes, in her trunk; which Meg was about into take up and hug in her bosom, when the whole surface of the floor became an angry .sea.,".the pink eyes changed to those of a beautiful, child, which drifted helplessly among the wild waves; and then booming over the surf Meg heard the most piteous moans from Eliza to save the child. "Help, help! oh, Meg! save my childl" Meg heard the words, and the piteous moans, and knew the voice though she could not see Eliza herself; and with a wild plunge she was in among the waves, fighting with all her strength , to get at the child, and saying' to' herself, " Yes, I'll cotch it, and save it for Liza, though I get drownded myself." But just as her hand was about, to grasp its tiny arm a rushing sweep of the angry sea hurled it away, and beat it down, downy down out of sight; and then a wild pealing scream "from 'Eliza—she knew it was Eliza •—caused her to wake with a spring and a shiver; and she found herself sitting bolt upright in bed, and asking herself what it all meant, and if bad really been a dream. " I was only half asleep when I beard the moans," she reasoned, " and I'm sure I heard a scream just as I jumped up. There's no noise now—I wonder, if it came from Liza's attic. It's such a long way off —and along that dark passage—that I'm feared to go and ax. But then, p'r'aps, Liza's ill—oh, I can't lie here, ghosts or no. ghosts! I'll keep my eyes shut all the way along the passage, and try to think on fried ham and eggs or something to keep ghosts out of my head. Here goes!" and in an instant she was out of the cosy bed into the frosty air of the passage, scudding along in her nightdress, like a flying ghost, towards Eliza's fiedroom, The door was locked, as she knew; but, after listening breathlessly in the cold for some minutes, Meg fancied she heard sounds of heavy breathing within, and at last ventured to give a gentle 'tap, saying— "Oh, Eliza, I was woke up by an offul dream—are ye,not ill ?" There was a dull silence for a few mo ments, and then, in a faiut voice she heard Eliza say— . " No, Meg, dear—I am quite well—go away like a good girl." Meg was; perfectly satisfied, and ; sped back to her bedroom with a, sense of relief that made her accomplish the . distance , in ." half the time, and without a single thought of ghosts. •, " Liza's a perfect lady," she whispered to herself, as she curled, herself up in bed,! with her nose almost between her knees. " She called me ' dear'—-that's: cos she likes me, and helps me, and sticks up for -me;'and teaches me, L hope Mr. Frank 'ill marry her and make her-a lady, and take me for their servant. Oh! goiluoshus! wouldn't I likfi.it, just to spite missus." .: With these words ion her lips Meg fell fast asleep—so sound, indeed, that when she sprang up in the grey morning and hur ried down stairs she found the cook in a bad temper on her accouut, as well as on that of Eliza, who had not appeared. "When breakfast was almost readyj rand there was still no table- maid, Mgg volun teered tS run up and bring lier down. When she reached the door she found it unlocked, and, being invited to come in, she entered, and found, a little to her surprise, that Eliza, was already up and dressed, but looking so ghastly white and thin, as she sat by her box faintly trying to fasten a collar on her neck, that Meg nearly dropped to the floor in grief and alarm. " Oh, Liza, you are ill—I knowed you was ill!" she cried, spiinging across the room and taking the -clammy hand of the tablemaid in her own. " Don't think of going dowh this morning. Let me put on my Sunday clothes, and comb my bail') and take ill tlie breakfast instead of -you—do, lilce a good girl, and I'll kiss you." " No, no, -Meg, I daren't absent myself; I must go down—I must go down and face her," faintly gasped Eliza. " P'r'aps you'll lielp me down the stairs, and " " Help ye ?—I'll carry ye," said Meg, with much vigor. ' "And I'll'bring up everything to the very door, so that you'll just have to-lift it in. But, oh! I "wish I could do it all for ye." ■ " Ob, Meg, what shall I ever do to return your goodness ?" cried Eliza, and then her head drooped on the breast of the strong rough girl, and she clung to her for the moment as a child might cling to a mother. " Inhere, now—don't ! don't—you're a settin' me on!" blubbered Meg, "dabbling furiously at her eyes with her apron. " Don't do that or I shall' howl—I know I shall—just like the dog I used to imitate last place but one." " But Mrs. Corbett—how can I ever face her?" faintly continued Eliza, speaking more to herself than her companion. ( " Her eye will pierce me through and through." " Face her ? Oh, you just keep your peclfer up, and walk in looking at nobody, and I'll be just putside the door; and if she says a word to you I'll walk in and knock her down with the teapot. There's no harm in bein' ill, surely; she oughter. be glad to see you doin' your work when you're not fit to be out of bed. Now you sit there while I bring ye a cup of tea; and when the things is up and ready to be took in I'll come up and help ye downand. away trotted the good-hearted girl as if there were magic springs at her heels, in general so slow and heavy. . In a minute or two she was back again with a warm, steaming cup of tea, and a dainty little slice of toast; and then, having made a show of eating, Eliza began the terrible descent to the dining-room door. .Tust as they reached the lobby,-the door-bell rang, and Meg came limning joyously with a letter, which she placed in the trembling white hands of her friend. Meg wasn't a great reader, especially- of writing, but she knew that all'Eliza's letters bore the London post-mark ; and she waited patiently till the trembling girl had read the following words:— My own Eliza—Iii thirteen days I will be of age; and then" all shall be made known. Keep up a good heart. For ever your own Fbank. Meg saw the glistening drops spriDg to Eliza's eyes, and the sheet of paper raised to her lips and passionately kissed, aud then she touched her on the arm and whis pered— " I see it's good news. • Oh, I'm so glad. It'll, p'r'aps, make you better. Now, then, here's the cloth, and, the tray, and spoons, and urn—take it easy, aud keep your pecker up—so—good—your doin' it well. That letter has put a hit of strength in her," she added, as Eliza's drooping figure glided softly into the roorii right under the eyes of , her mistress. The lady, lounging carelessly hv the fire, started at the- white and rigid face— screamed prettily, as became her—and then, raising her bands in horror, exclaimed— " Dear me, girl, have you been stricken with the plague P. Are you ill ?" . " I—am—not—very—well," slowly enun ciated poor Eliza, feeling the whole earth in a whirl about her, and blindly grasping I at the table for support. , "And what, is the. matter? Are you sick ? Shall I send Thomas, for the doctor?" . k Thei'e was a palpable sneer in every word •and tone of tlrn lady; and, ill as she was, Eliza read her through. ■" She guesses all; but I will not give in though I should die on the spot," thought the poor. stricken; thing, inspired with a sudden fearful strength, and then with a dignified "No, ma'am—it is not necessary," she continued her duties at the table with out moving a muscle or showing a single twinge in her face, till breakfast was set and served, and then she got outside to the cool lobby aud sympathising .Meg, and dropped white and still in her arms. Meg didn't alarm the household there and then. No; they got leave to chatter through their breakfast in peace, while the rough girl with all her strength bore Eliza up the long stairs, happed her up in her fyed, and gently tried to bryig her round. "I knowed she couldn't stand it; and, oh, I hope she ain't gone and killed her self !" she murmured in grief-stricken tones, and then, seeing Eliza's eyes open, she cried, " Oh, Liza, I've carried yenp, and I'll do yet work, and nurse ye night and day till you're well, only keep yourself-easy, and don't let misses worrit ye !" Eliza faintly pressed the rough hand in her. own, and then relapsed "into a kind of stupor, from which she was only roused by finding that the day was waning and 'that some one was prying about her room. The light was"uncertain, but at last a malignant face bent over her, which she recognised as that of her one enemy, her mistress, and she was startled by tbe words— " I .have looked all through the* room. If you do not wish me to send for a police man, give me the key of your box." Instinctively, and with a terrible dread, Eliza's hand went to her bosom—closed on the key like a vice—and remained there. " I cannot—I dare not," was her despe rate reply. ■".Give it—give it! or I'll tear your heart out!"-screamed the'passionate lady, making a sudden grasp at the clenched hand and striving-to wrench it from her bosom. A scream—wild and piteous—and a ciy, "Meg, oh, Me'g!" rang through the air, and then a figure dashed in, and hurled the lady to the wall without ceremony. " Go out of here ! I've bin awatchin' you," breathlessly panted out the devoted Meg. " If ye touch Liza,- or try it,: I'll take. ye by the head of the hair and throw ye over the windy. Mind I'm desp'it strong; and if ye say a word;' I'll have ye trans ported for the lies ye told the peg about the things ye got me to pop. Go on. go on, and doyer black looks outside—yercompany ain't wanted." "I am going'; but in the morning, Miss Eliza Balfour, I will get an officer with a Avarrant, and if I do not land you in prison it will he because I have been greatly mistaken in my suspicions," and with this venomous thrust -the lady vanished. The same night she appeared-at the Office, told her startling story, and at last was assured of a visit from myself, Avith a warrant in the morning. I found Eliza up and dressed, but look ing wof ully Avkite and concerned. She still steadily refused to give up the key of the trunk or allow a medical man to be called in, till I produced a small lever to prize up the lid, when, witli a cry of alarm, she suddenly tendered tbe key aiid allowed it to be thrown open. The malignant lady, the rough Meg, and myself, all bent forward in intense eager ness and excitement to examine the con tents. But here was no repugnant horror —simply a cosy nest made of two pillows, while between lay a pouting, plump, little child, slumbering.as peaceful!}' and sweetly as if on its mother's bosom. "Oh, what a dear, wee lamb!:' cried Meg, springing for ward and making a diving kiss at its soft lips. " It's the very one I dreamt about!" " Just as I thought!" hissed the lady, turning on the shivering tablemaid. " Wicked, vile, disgraceful girl, you shall suffer for bringing this scandal into my house. It is a clear case of concealment. Officer, take the vile strumpet away." Eliza covered herface with her hands, but' made no reply. " Stay," I interposed, feeling for the poor srirl, and-certainly having 110 favor for her accuser, " I must first ask her one question. My poor lass, did you not tell any one of this, or get any one to help you ?" "Yes, I helped her—I helped her all I could," put in Meg. "Don't mind what missus says, cos I can swear just the reverse in the best Court that ever was." "I told only one," was Eliza's'faint answer, after a pause. " Who was that one " Do not ask me; I cannot tell—indeed I cannot; but it will soon come out," was tbe hurried and agitated reply. " Tlien I fear you will bave to go to prison." \ " Yes, of coarse—the only place for her ; take her away," croaked the lady, with supreme disgust. " Stay, madam," I sternly returned, look ing the lady full in the face: "I am not inhuman—I must first have the opinion of the medical inspector as to whether she is fit to be removed." " No, no, no; do not'wait for lliat," put in Eliza herself. " I would rather be in prison now; my bairn would be safer there than here. I am quite strong; take me away;" and so urgent did her piteous entreaties become that f was at last forced to comply. » A cab took us to the Office, where Eliza was put under careful hands, and allowed to employ ber own nurse till the da}' of her trial. It is almost needless to add that the nurse, though rough and uncouth looking, was the most devoted that ever trod a sick chamber or dandled a child—being no other than Meg, the scullery-maid. Nearly a fortnight after Eliza was ar raigned at the High Court, and charged with concealment of birth. The case was clear—especially after the evidence of Mrs. Corbett herself had been heard—and we were beginning to look out for a heavy sen tence, when there was a commotion in Court, and a young gentleman, evidently fresh from a long journey, pressed eagerly forward, and was recognised with a scream of delight by tbe prisoner at tbe bar and the nurse at her side. A faint cry of terror escaped the lips of Mrs. Corbett, and she rose in her seat in the audience and tried to tug back her son with these words— " Frank, for heaven's sake, do not disgrace our-name before all tbe world!" "Fear not,gentle mother—tender-hearted as tbe hungry wolf—1 will not- disgrace either you or myself," was the hitter reply. Then, turning to the astonished Court, he said, aloud, as he took his place close to the prisoner, "My Lord, this interruption, I know, 'is quite out of order ; buttheimreney of the case may perhaps plead my forgive ness, Listen, while I reveal the truth. This poor girl—-this woman, who has .been wronged, persecuted, ground down, heart broken almost by my mother—is my law ful wife" • "Hurrah!" cried Meg, jumping up, and waving a blue paper which she took from her breast, " and here's the lines!" and, amid a rumble of applause that would not he repressed, Meg was tugged into her seat again by a watchful policeman, while tbe marriage lines were handset to tbe Judjje by the Clerk of tbe Court. They were legal in every sense, proving that, eleven months before, Francis Corbett and Eliza Balfour bad been proclaimed three times in tbe West Kirk, and afterwards married by a clergyman of the Church of Scotland in tbe ordinary manner. "It is illegal," screamed Mrs. Corbett, white with passion. " It must be illegal, fori never beard of them being proclaimed." " Officer, remove^ that' noisy woman," sharply ordered the Judge, and tbe demand was promptly obeyed .— Mrs. Corbett screaming as she was dragged out, "I'll disinherit you—I have twenty-four hours to do it in, and you will find yoiuself pen niless." As soon as she was gone tbe Judge, after listening to the young husband's statement that be bad been from tbe first fully in formed- of Eliza's condition, which he proved by placing certain letters in the hands of the Court, the Judge merely ad dressed a few words of gentle. rebuke to the prisoner, and then announced, amid a rumble of applause, that she was dismissed from tbe bar. The moment tbe words were spoken, Meg jumped up and cried— "Ob, Mr. Judge, come down here, and let mp kiss you or I'll bust!" Mrs. Corbett did not disinherit ber son, from the simple fact that on the wav home she was seized with paralysis. She lived for years a helpless mummy, tended with devoted care and sympathy by Eliza—the tablemaid no longer. I sometimes meet Meg carrying some of tbe bairns, and she always says, " Ob, sir, I'm orful happy—I sonietimes think I'll bust up ?" • (To be continued.') • j 