The Opposition have been again baffled. To beard the lion in his den, the douglas in hie hall, was a grand exploit. Bnt, like a great many other bold designs of men and mice, the end 1ms been a failure. De- feated in Melbourne, Ballarat, and other centres, the Opposition determined to go to the fountain-head of " Berryiam/' to see. what could be done to get a vote carried against the embassy going to London. Accordingly, a meeting was called in Gee- long, by the Political Reform Association ; and on Monday evening a large number of persons responded to the invitation. The wire- pullers certainly left no atone un turned to risaliBe their object 1%e usual advertisements and placards appeared ; and everything was apparently done, not only to draw an audience, bnt also to show that no hole-and-corner meeting was intended. Bat there was an addition made to these arrange meats. A private areolar waB sent to each person, believed to be of correct opinions, from the Conservative point of view, containing the fallowing pithy and enggestivo announcement a»It isofgreat importance that this meeting should he socceeafnl, and yon are oigentfy requested to attend not later than seven o'clock, and mdbqeyour friends to do the same." Of course, the object of this areolar was plain enoogh. A packed -meeSpg was wanted to defeat Mir Bebby in his own district; and the friends of the Conservative party were therefore invited to fill the hall early in the evening, or before any chance was afforded of representatives of the Ministerial party being present This is an old trick of the Opposition. It was tried in Ballarat uot many -years ago by the same party, and the resnlt was the same in both pases. On Monday evening when the front doors of the Town Halt at Geelong Wwe'; thrown open, it was found that tiiB whole iff the forrriA and seats were already filled, joBt tite same as wbeii'A aumlar trick was ; played in the Mechanics Institute herB, a large portion of the ball was sees to beray occnpied,iuffl hreno diancewas afforded to those vriici uame to tbe meeting in the wdinary way tb get anywhere near the platform. How .came tbese people to be there? How did. titBy1 obtain admittance jriien to all appreaancas tire fanut .of -Town Hall was'cioeed amtiast all intruders? Thesuuffwer to this qoiretilm fo tiiid Yhese ErieDds of Oppo sition were admitted % tire back door, stxmkBd in, es it werB, by. s private en- ftiPqeamc#oed those not ratiresecret, aadipias foil in with the design of the pu--' moters of the meeting. The Town Hall gathering was therefore packed, just the same as the Mechanics' Institute hoe was packed ; and it was thns sought to get a vote carried against the Ministry, which conld not be obtained by fair and open dealing, bnt which bad to be obtained even by fool moans, because' it wonld be donbly expressive as coming from Mr berry's own district. The Liberal parly wonld be ashamed . . to he guilty of tactics libs these. In the moBt difficult times they ever knew, when their voices had nothing like the potency they have now, the Liberals of this/colony never resorted to this mean expedient to farther their object. With them everything has always been "above board, and in true Bristol fashion." Bnt the wire-pullers of the Con servative party are nothing if they are not tricky and devious; and therefore, although their conduct compares unfavorably with that of the Liberal party, tfame is nothing at all singular or remarkable abont the way in which the meeting . at Geelong was as sembled. The idea was to bave such a large number of the friends of the Opposition present that comparatively few of the Ministerial party conld get into the hall, and thns the motion, adverse to the embassy to London, and by consequence against the Ministry, wonld be. carried by a majority that wonld be really fannidable and striking. Well, what was the resnlt of this attempt to pack the meeting- with persons of correct opinions r Did it realise the object of its promoters ? Did it produce a vote adverse to the Ministerial intention ? Far from it. For the effect was exactly the antithesis of what the wire-pnllera intended. In vain Mr Mubbay Smith made a long speech. In vain Mr JoNESeawed the air with his arms in that style of superiority to sll other human worms for which he has long been remarkable. In spite of all that had been done to pack the meeting with friends of the Conservative cause, and to keep all Liberals ont of the room; in spite of Mr Bebby only getting a partial hearing, ovring to the rowdyism of the opposition present; in spite of all the trouble, in short, which the Political Reform Association had gone to to make a feature of this gathering, the whole affair proved. a Jiasco. The meet ing rejected Mr Mubbay Smith's motion, and-catried the amendment in favor of the Minis try by a majority so large that the Conservative party immediately left the hall, and thns abandoned all further pro ceedings. Really, after this, the Opposi tion should give np the ghost, and leave a cause which is so utterly hopdless. Not even a packed meeting can be induced to support it. Not even the mellifluous voice of Mr Mubbay Smith can win a single convert. The Opposition are altogether id a bad way indeed; and therefore if there was any sense left on the side Of' the wire-pullers of that party, they wonld at once abandon the ptrnggie in which they are engaged, and, -in tins matter of constitutional reform, at all events, leave the Ministry entirely to their own devices. The idea of defeat ing Mr Bebby in his own electorate was not a bad one; but it has miserably failed, as it deserved to fafl. For, as we have pointed out over and over again, the em bassy most go to London, to pave the way for a settlement of tins reform question, because all experience goes to show that it cannot be settled without it. It is only, then, playing the fool with their own party fertile leaders of the Opposition to protract the straggle amongst ourselves, since the Con servatives are . as mnch interested as the liberals are in a final adjustment being come toon this subject. The Ministry are pureeing the only means open to this end, since we. no more expect anything to come of Mr Cuthbebt'b, or MrAuybody-else's, efforts to bring the Council to reason, than we expect to see sovereigns grow on the trees in Start street ; and there- fore, instead of being checked in the course which they have chosen few the purpose of securing a lasting reform, the .Government should be widely and warmly supported. In the meantime, however, in has to be observed that parked meetings are an ugly excrescence on our political squabMes, and bring little else than infamy on their promoters. They ate not by, any means a fair or excusable way of testing the drift of public opinion on any subject. On the contrary, they are a very, cowardly way of getting at this end. It is to be hoped, therefore, that we shall hear no more of gatherings like that in Geelong on Monday evening feat, since anything more destitute of all honorable dealing in political life could not by any possibility be adopted. Let ns have all political meetings as free as the air we breathe, and then the public will know as a real fact which side has won the day, and wlndi side has been defeated.' This is the proper way to ascertain bow public opinion trends, and no other way should he fallowed for the purpose. .. W"E are -glad to see that a move has been made in the City Council to place affairs at Wendouree on a more satisfactory and re assuring basis. At the meeting of the conned held on Monday afternoon Gounollor Glaxtok referred to the matter at some length; and the upshot of bis remarks was that the town derk was fnetrocted-totake the necessary steps for the framing of a bye- law to deal with the subject. The time has arrived when a bye-law of this land is needed, The water traffic at Wendouree has become a very interesting matter to this town. So many hundreds, we may say thousands,' avail themselves of the means afforded for disporting them selves on tins fine lake on Sundays and public holidays, that the adoption ofeveiy known means to prevent accidents of any sort happening thereon is of real public im portance. Sailing boats, rowing boats, steamers, and other craft swarm on the lake on these paauaona tod there is nothing of an authoritative character laid down for their regulation. Whether the people who fore them, or who " rpn" titem, know anything of tbrir management, ts as Bttie -attended to as thongh not ihe teaet poesibaity of daDger iBadsted. The whole traffic . indeed Jin fapen left to ran riot; and the greatest wobder, in view of this spirit of inffifierence bring shown by the local authorities, is that bo. few fetal accidents have happened. With ell boat traffic a certain amount of danger exists. With all eteam and sailing, traffic etill greater riskis' associated. Thenecee- rity, therefore, ; of wellrdefined regulations bring . laid down fipc - the control and management of the boats of all sorfobn Lake Wendouree, is self-evident ; and hence we are glad to see ihat .the City . Council has at last , detexmined that regula tions «f this kind ahril fcadgpted.! it has been uo part <ff the derign -which has un derlaid oar treatment of title adbject of late to curate any alarm in i fhe pnblic mind, Abe t effect of whhk would ; be to drive visitors away from the lake, or phfzmiage from those who minister to the public amusement. We should be eony, indeed, to Bee any faUjngroff of tins kjnd occur in consequence of any remarks which the luge traffic which occurs at Weo- dooree should be regulated City Council ; and although we have come in for some hard knocks, through taking this course, we are satisfied that good will be the resnlt of oar reccunmendation.' It wonld be of little practical use to say what shbhld have been done after'vsome catastrophe had occurred. There wonld be nothing- vieiy clever in asking why "regula- - tions had not been made after a eteamer bad blown np, and perhapB split fifty or sixty persons into atoms. The proper time to make. suggestions is when.no, dis aster of this sort has occurred, and when the necessary steps can be taken for its prevention. Traffic of this- kind is regu lated elsewhere. It -is, indeed, in many cases subjected to very stringent rales. There is nothing, then, of a novri character in asking that traffic on Weodonree ehall no longer be left to its-own devices, bnt shall be subjected to editable and ealotary conditions. We repeat, then, we are glad to see that Councillor CLAXTONi.has iaken this matter np, and we are quite sure that tire best results will follow from the movement. It will be seen by oar telegraphic intelligence this motaing that the Victorians have been nni- fortntr suoeesshil at tee rifle matches yesterday at Sydney. We are requested to statethst an examination for matriculation in. connection with the -Hdbonrne University will be held as Ballarat on the 4 th of December and two fbtlowi days. The place of holding the examination, and the knbjectate he taken bach' day, "will "appear in oar'idrertising columns on the 3rd of December. Mr Thomas nw.nal, will act as officer in charge of the The: Water Commission met yesterday afternoon for tee purpose of considering matters arising out of the plscharging of tee ranger and forester, and to give them the resaon for tee. same ; also, to hear them on the subject. Mr Stephenson, tee forester, has submitted to bis dismissal, stating that he was satisfied with tee reasons for his distnissaL The case of Mr Campbell, the ranger. was considered in committee; when it was resolved teat Mr -Camp bell be supplied with .A copy ia writing wf tee reasons for his dismissal. ... At the City Police Court yesterday, a young man named Henry Wilson was charged with forging and uttering a cheque for £2 on the 1st of September, drawn on the National Bank of Australasia, Melbourne, with intent to delrand. Prisoner, who it appears is "wanted" for other peccadilloes of a like nature, got Mr Lester, at whose hotel he was staying, to cash tee cheque, and afterwards left without paying for his board. He was committed to take his trial at the next Court of Assize. The hon. secretary of the Ballarat Cricket Club yesterday morning forwarded to Sydimy tee fol lowing complimentary telegram to Mr D. Gregory, tee captain of tee Australian cricketers : — " The Ballarat Cricket Club congratulates the Austra lian Eleven on their safe arrival, and also on tee grand success during their hour. — J.J. Bbokkk- 8HXKB, hon. secretary." Daring the afternoon tee following reply was received " The Australians thank Ballarat cricketers for their congratulations, and send you all their kind greetings. — Johs Coswxt, manager Australian cricketer." At tee meeting of the Bongareeshire Council yesterday. Councillor Calwell, objecting to tee re marks of some of the other councillors, wbo, he stated, thwarted him systematically at tee council table, resigned his joeithm as president of theshire. His resignation-provoked' considerable discussion, and charge and retort followed each other io rapid succession, bnt finally, at the re quest of the conndlldra, Counefllor Calwell re sumed the chair, that the business of the meeting might'be carried ont, stating in doing so that the councillors would require to elect a new president st tile next meeting. A peinf ul case; arisiBg out of the Morrisy mnd Cullagh disputes, came before tee Smythesdale Police Court on Tuesday last, I when two of Morrisy's children (a girl abont fifteen, and a boy about twelve years -old) were convicted of having chopped down a part oh Collagh's fence, Cullagh bring their grandfather. The police magistrate lectured teem severely on their condnct, and inti mated that it was very difficult to know what to do wite them, although property mas t be protected. Inflicting a heavy fine and sending them to gaol wonld probably only make them worse, so they were fined 5s each and 2s damages, the waxranta against them for non-payment o! the fine not to be. issued as long as they" refrained from' doing any further damsge to property. Sergeant .M'Pariand has 'commenced his in spection of the publichouses of Ballarat East. Pabhcaaa will: do well, therefore, to get their houses in order, end carry ont any necessary im provements before die annul licensing meeting next month. - ' - The City Conned sent to JUribeniae yesterday, under, (he cue of Mr £01, rtsno yonng karegaroos and two dingo pape, «i abate for lndla "by the B.H.S. Kam, intended as a present to the Madras municipal commission. It is expected that some Indian animals or lords will be forwarded to »ha City Council in letarn for tins present.' The manege of the . Park Krtffided Company yesterday applied for an order of Inspection of the Winter's Freehold drives and workings, now in the -possession of the Bank of "Victoria, » b is believed teat the late remunerative retunisrhavB been obtained by the hank bom tee gnwnd' lately registered by the Park Extended Company. We are glad to be able to state that Mayor Long, who was for some time confined to his : house on account of serious indisposition, is now able to resume his mayoral .functions, and will most probably be preeent in hie usual place at the council table on Friday night. A testimonial, in the shape of a gold locket, was presented to F.P.G.M. Graham on Monday night by N.G.Middleton, on behalf of the members of the .members of the Loyal Bnninyong Lodge, M.CXO.O.F, in recognition of the cervices ren dered, and the interest taken in all matters in con nection wite the lodge by the above-named brother. P-PX3.M. Graham feelingly thanked the members for the kindness shown, and stated his willingness to do all in his power to promote the wrifsre of the lodge.: The locket, which bore a suitable inscrip tion, was xnannfactnred'by fib L. FUgdtanb, of Sturt afreet. Anniversary sermons in connection wite tee Rubicon Street Weslcyan Seeday School were preached on SondirelUst; in tee mbniiBgly the Bev. A- Bigg; in tee afternoon "by Mr Hodges, and in tee evening by fib Hewittadn, to large con gregations, tire church fo tire evening bring com pletely packed. .On Monday evemng foe usual tea meeting was held in (he -church, attended by abont 150 persons, after winch it was again crowded to excess (a Urge Dumber not being able to obtain seats) to listen to the cl&dren;'s johjlee of sacred song, for which Ytr Ureb had been aatidnonsly training them for. the past five weeks, and wite marked s access, many of tee pieces being tendered in a superior manner, fibs Uren ac quitted herself admirably asaofaiist,ahd was laodly . applauded, and Miss J. Davies well merited the applause which followed her efforts! - Miss Beck- man and Miss Hoban also rendered good service in the concerted pieces, lb Bell, M.LA-, acted as chairman, -and in his opening remarks briefly touched npon tee present system of education in State schooli, and urged die teachers and parents to discharge their dnly In tee vetigSona training of tire children tin Sabbeth schools and at-home, the latter portion of his remarks fcdng ably supported: by the Bev. A. Bigg. Master HfaJcq, seabUuy of the school, read tee annnai repdrt, which showed a slight filling -off hi tire attendance oterhobttfcy, fact attributable to the removal iff families from the district. Tfeesta&of; tested wascooridered inadequate to tberequirements, andah invitation given to all who Telt inclined toTabor in the' vine yard of the Lord to.come forward and hrip.., JLe financial statement showed a "credit balance hi Is, but hi response to a call.Jfor help wa)L tongh tee coitwaioos, vneltipiifld Aitio -peandsi. -Tbe auperintendent (lb Hicks), on briuU of tire Mr Vfon fof thesSt' ddifoso cessfntly traimog the chfldrmi, and to forthcr. show tbrirappreciation,preeentedhimsrithaveiy chaste American awivri rilver onet, containing very handsome bottles of'Wmunedtsl 'cnt glass, which was briefly; but suitably acknowledged. The nsual votes of thanks being-given to tee chair man, and all who helped to make the proceedings to9Dtbe«najreraaiy rtpeed wtte the -most An adjonroed meeting in JK&renM; to tirepro- poeed | ringdallab-dnhiage wdreme washridon Monday evenmgtast; tiStaap't bl4,f iggceaet. There; was a very good attandsnnfi, bnt aa fib Lynch, the mining aurveyor, had -been unable to nuke) the necesmiy aarvey, and get the kvds, ; Ac, the meeting wss 'adjourned, for Lktrngtit. Li tire meantiro fib Lrhch wfil tiketteVvifBo teat Ae rent and. practicability of the' scheme can beesoly aseertained. : took Mgm Mooiay. CTBtang. . Ahont L50 «at down to tea, which was served in the Meehanics'i Hdl, ja M7ajcdeateBBistyie.-A7MHc-tneet7- Nmsttantekffiktodmat'fiii Bev. yf. Thoores in tbe ctotir. A number of sneakers Weratekeketom ptoiiiit.'fcrttire BeVi'kb.'Gorr. bonnraed witetee % W D. Davies. The choir and Boloists were ably ac companied by Miss Hrinricksen, wbo also Itindly lent the pianoforte. The church was crammed wite an enthusiastic audience. The meeting dosed with the usual votes of thanks. We have received a copy of a new work just published by Mr P. G. Reynolds, of <3 Elizabeth street, Melbourne, and forwarded to us by lib J. H. Hammond, agent for BgDarat.- It f—asn a complete a :couot of the tour of the Australian cricketers through Australia, New Zealand, Great" Britain, and America, together wite a fail report of each match played. A portrait of each member of the "team is edded. The published price of the book is Is 6d ; and as it contains matter of such interest to tee general public, it wffl, no doubt, command an extensive circulation. Nominations for the vacancy in the Board of Advice for Ballarst East will be received by Mr J. k. Baird, returning officer, up to the 2nd of De cember, at Four o'clock. The vacancy has been caused by the retirement of Mr James Long, who finds that tee pressure of other matters,, and tee state of bis health, will not permit him to attend to his duties. ... The concert given by fib E.. Wallace, tee,blind evangelist of Geelong. last Friday evening, in tee Methodist Free Church, Peel street, was a great suceess, far exceeding tee expectations of bis friends. The rendering of soch .'pieces by fib Wallace as "Too lata;" "Christ in the garden," " To my mother in heaven," " Man tire life-boat," " A light in tee window for thee," " The better lsod," Ac, enabled him folly to wi.tinwin his reputation as a most accomplished organist and vocalist; and brought forte from the audience repeated and loud acclamations. Tire church choir rendexel valnable assistance In tire choruses, aa also in tire ringing of a few anthems,' tee solo part or one being admirably given tjy Ml«« Pollard. A noticeable feature in the eptortwnment was' a trio, "He stipes tire , tear bom every eye," finely given by Mr and Mrs Mniiihman and Mrs WooLwhp rim to about £15. - The committee of the Mechanics' Institute .met on Monday evening. Present— Messrs Stephens ("president), James, Bickett, R&wlings;, Brown, M'Whae, Stansfleld, Downes, Langdon, Jack, Wheeler, Marshall, and .Osbctne. A letter was received bom Mr. J- G. Lennox, stating teat tire' members of ;his singing class had formed them selves jinto a muaical soriety, and asking for the use of a room one night weekly. Left in tlio hands of tee president and secretary. Votes of thinks were passed to, tire. Minister of Mines for a (napof tbeSriisstopol draiiiBge ares, ana to MeesrL. 8. Christie and Co. "for their kindness in forwarding books .from London. Tenders 'were opened for tee lavatory, and that of Mr J., Bnley, being the lowest, was accepted. The bilUard-room com mittee. brought up their report, recommending teat three tables be placed in tire museum, and that tire room should be used by-a club formed of the adult members only paying a nominal snhecrip- tiob.or entrance-fee. After aome discnssion.itwas resolved to let the matter atand over till next meeting. An excellent programme was gone through at All Saints' schoolroom on Monday night — encores bring frequent— and all acquitted themselves ad mirably. Mr George Herbert,' 'who kindly at tended, won great applause for his "Dansenegre" on the pianoforte. The nsual votes, and the National Anthem, closed a pleasant evening. The match between the B.C.C. first rieven and tee Carlo C.C. will take place on Saturday next, on the Eastern OvsL Mr Hiddlestone's service of song at the Bap tist Church was well attended last evening, and there is no donbt that as tee evangelist becomes better' known in Ballarat he win have crowded audiences. Those wbo appreciate 'earnestness and good music wonld do well to attend the meetings, whieh'will probably dose on Friday evening. To day there will bo a prayer meeting at noon, and an evangelistic service in tire evening at a quarter to eight. The children are not to be forgotten ; a service of aong for them will be held at six o'clock. . The committee of the Ballarat Yacht Club will meet at the Lake View hotel on Thursday even- lug, at eight o'clock. \- The Australian Natives' Association will meet at Craig's bold this evening, at eight o'clock. A public meeting wfil be hdd of teeNtS Street Band of Hope in tire schoolroom this evening, at ball-past seven o'clock. Headings and recitations will be given dnriDg tee evening. . . Messrs Allan and Co!, 'untie sellers, Melbourne, intimate in another colnmn that a representative from their house wiil visit Ballarat this week for tee purpose of toning pianos, j&c.; Orders for tuning to be left at Snmmencales' music ware house. ... i The receipts on tire Victorian Bail ways "for tire week which ended on the 21st instaht were £26,747. lfeyd. The amount received In the'eorrespond- ing period of last year wasX29, 5894S 7d.: : \- The Australian bush missionary's farewell lec ture entertainment, in aid of his inusrea, takes place to-morrow evening at right o'riock, in the Mechanics' Institute lectnre-room, Ballarat. . The Herald has authority for', stating that tire Government has carefully considered tee preeent position of parties, and the various propoeslrfor a - compromise which have hero made. The conclu sion at which the Cabinet has arrived is, that it will accept the propoaab submitted by Mr Monro some time since as the basis of negotiation between thetwo Hoases; bat unless materially altered, the resolutions tabled by tire Hen.H.Catobert will not be accepted. . On Sunday last (says tire Ape) a gentleman who has the misfortune to resemble one of tee KeUy gang, was quietly observed by some of tee police entering Brown's hbtri, Walhalla, and having obtained assistance they proceeded to arrest the supposed " desperado," who was having luncheon. On demanding of him to surrender in the Queen's name, the gentleman said, "I know what yon have come about; I was taken by two of your men at the Mount this morning. I doh't blame any of yon, though; "here are my credentials". Ittnmed out teat he was on leave of absence froma Govern ment department in Melbourne, and was t.king a walking tour. A prisoner has recentiy been from tee Pentridge .Stockade (says tire Areas) -who formed one of tire memorable rix hundred who charged tire Bosuan hatteriea at Balaclava oo the 25th of October, 1854. He belonged to tfae -Htb Hassan, andserved with teat reghnent daring tee Crimean war. The Md soWier gives very in teresting account of the charge of tire Light Brigade, and describes with great exactness the scene. On the retreat he says be encountered LoriCjUi.galJnptog.hatk.reveredwitetiutt: and dirt. For the honor of his brave regiment it is well to know tett he doea oat;hdohg to tire criminal rises. He was only hnprisoned tbrongb default of bail for a few months, and has been a well-conducted man while in prison. Amattabpt (say s the Telegraph) is being made by tire Commissioner of Railways to light op the carriages on lire Victorian lines with gas, in thesamenutturer as tte trains on Ore Enrtish lines are lighted. In tire ettempt winrti was made eome months since, the reservmr was situated in the van, and the. gas was conveyed from one car-, visge to another by "mearis of etont indiarnbber pipes ; benoe there was always a danger of tee coupling becoming disconnected, -in -which case the whole 'train would be placed in darkness. The plan adopted this time is to cany a reservoir under each carriage, so that no difficulty is likriy to be experienced, whilst the light will, of course, be fn- flmttiy superior to that given by tee old lam pa The -reservoirs will hold about right hours' supply! which it is estimated, will be sufficient for the IBbgest jonnrey te the Ylaoriin lines. It was expected that a trial wouia have been made on Monday night, butt or soma reason or other the spphanoee arere not perfected in time. In afew days, however, all will be ready, and then the ex- . perim<wiUl»iestebyactealpractice. — art in at. Sort oik Gully some years since, and white occasioned considerable comment at the tunc; was (writes tee Talbot Leader) tee strange loss of a . tragi dbtafoedtomi teii'gMSfiaSWtiSrtyol minm of white MrHg. aremdentof Nuggety Gully. was a member. Hogg, wite two mates, had a daim mtire sally, from white they tookl con siderable qoMtity of gold, steich Mr Hogg too t charge of, and, for safety, buried in various parts of hb garden at Nnggety GuBy. AlO-oz nugget formed part of tlfis gtid, Vhite Mr Hogg has always been confident be buried with the reat; but when the time pme for division to"be made it:«d nowhere be found. Load aftre kidnf: aoU from tee nrden has here turned over at. vanous nmes fe the hope of discovering !£ (rat ell was unavailing. Not unnatarallv. "Hogg's mates -,'«rem somewhat - sceptical as to tee lAs, and he thereupon paid them £15 as tbesrmtssest in tire mi sting lump. Many timamnce Hogg has tried to remember where he planted it. bntit wasnot enta Friday last teat tee sequel re tbeadventnie happened, when tbe vonrnng of ereretiraiSminednfretelSShS commenred to remove some eaite from around the roots, when her husband, an hearing an exdoma- tren ef alarm re be imagined (mnher, hastened to tire spot, and benratebreteovd espied tee misting nugget, -White -he --rente1 Lave -buried fahnre- fcrttnr 