' A GHOST -OR' MADMAN. HW. 9Unday pight qeek two. mqn, - wgrejift- turning' home from Kerang to tfiqir residence neqr Barr Creek, bnt before reaching this 'oreek they unfortunately lost themselyee. ' A' dwnu'liq' then oeoprred in the. middle; of a plaip qq, tcj whioh was the proper ffirqctipn ; boing eq o oiocK at nigpt, ana pitoh.dgrk, mutual recrim- inations took place, which resilltod In one going east end tho. other, .west. : The east 'man wbb right, and gained hia camping ground shortly aRsr, when a consultation waS' held? with his! friends, who wore in bed, sb to what they'sbq.pld do for tho erring mate. It was then doterminqd to light a firo, a'tid' he ' who had just, returned- '<iftbd a large dry bush, which uyaq soop, blazibg, bpt, w;hile be .was; strange presentiment that sonic onoi .w.o.S. pssr, fta, blaqe ,htew. a.!g|aca . around! I the. bisbi. 9 wbite. .QPjep.fci.likei.a ismallhmanw.was s.ren qoming.towstdaithe-jfite.uJ.Oarl friend got nervous, but thinking- it- wae one : of "hiiB? 'mates who had got up out of bed'-called' out'hiS Bame, and Baidlhe knew him.lI' His mate, hear- in his name mentienpd/ oalled. out. that tbpy were bbth'i'n'bbd, ' which ratbeit mad¥his friend's fleeh creep. By thja time the, apparont ghost had got entire poseession-'dp (ihe! 'fire, whioh he be gan to . grab, at /with, j'bis./ .largq, thony'-looking hands,- opening his fingers as though he would take out haudfuls oftEefire. It was notioed thqn that his. eyeballs protruded aqd glafqd -like n/madm® ii Qur- friendlhavrng told- hie- two mates that a madman was qt the fire, the three mustered coufeaRe' to go 'down1 'to aSe' 'hi m . He W»S.dWS4ed'.in/dirly whitettrou'serit,) with" a dirty white shirt, apparently-over his trousers. He was eeked wherelhplcato'itfromYiiwhere did he Utifii ,-fffial,J,didj,hqIIwaqt,;)5yaai:he:hungr.y,land Beverdl other que.stionejvda-.-iaU of which he grpqtep anjunintelligibje reply;, like A' umph." Daring this interview-tbe lostione, having seen tbe fire, now joined- the other three, and the I tPtadwanaSitoId if -ha did 'not -want anythibg to olear away, 'asJhe/.obuldVhbt'be allowed to ktayjthere;,., Heimade,nojreply, :but moved & warps a awamp from 'wheoce ihe'oame',' and' hae not einoe beepiheard of.piKeramj Tiines.''1''' Adviok o.M(>thsr|.1— Ara yop, broken in your ! rest by a sibk ohild sliffering with tba' phin of out. : ting teeth? Go atonoeto tho ohomist and get a , j bolitle ' oi" Mas. "WiNei-ow's 'Soothino'' Syrup.1'- 'It . will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is I perfeotly: k,afmle8a and pleasant to taste! it' pro.' i duojjj flatqral, . quiet sleep; by. -.relieving .the onild j from pain, and thelit'tle cherub awakes "as bright as a button." Tt sbothea'the child, "ii'eoftens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best known remedy for dysen- fcffiJf'-Md ;d|arrhma; wbstbet arising from) teething or other oause3._ Mrs Winslqw's Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealeirkeverywhere at la 1 Jd ' per bottle. Manufactured qt 493 Oxford-etreat j London. ' . a.' | 