MISCELLANY. .Matter of Taste.—Tippling. Iofle That Go to Pot.—Gardeners. i>on Peace foe Chiropodists. —Among Ca-ish men. that a Dressmaker Can Boast.—"I'm edged to sew and sew." wother Natural History Fact.—One sdlbw doesn't make a spring, but one blacksmith <=)•/ Bit This in an Incubator.—The question iii iked whether poaching eggs can be considered s tsmanlike behaviour. 'hat Settled the Argument.—A famous n st once painted An angel with six toes. " Who :i' saw an angel with six toes ?" people inquired. ho ever saw one with less ?' was the counter q ition. Jseful Lesson.—The Motion thinks thata I ; of the drill of every girls' school ought to be the i iption by a wife in an old gown, to a .dinner of ned beef and cabbage, of an unlooked-for guest, ughtlessly brought home by a reckless husband. keedom !—" The house is so lonesome hout you and the dear children," writes Smith now his absent wife, who is with the family at Mar te. But the faithful maidrof-all-work writes— Shure, mum, Mr. Smith hasn't been in until after ' o'clock niver a night since you left." Spare Diet.—A witty gentleman, in peaking of a friend who was prostrated by illness, emarked that he could hardly recover, since his con titution was all gone. "If his constitution is all pne," said a bystander, " I do not see how he lives it all." " Oh," responded the wag, " he lives on the )ye-laws!" ' Bangs " is Good.—In a recent American itory it is said of the heroine that she "curved her icarlet lips and raised her eyebrows clear into her Ibangs." On inquiry it nas Deen touna tnat " Dangs - lis the euphonious and poetic name by which American [girls designate their " fringes." I A Miserable Savage.—A Nevada paper has an account of an Indian who, in a recent flood, picked up a handful of money a drunken white man had thrown down, and next day hunted him up and returned it. You never can civilise an Indian.—Nash ville American. The New Jddge.—A new recipient of judicial honours in Alabama was reminded, after the argument in a case that was being tried before him was closed, that be should charge the jury, and rose and said—" Gemmen of de jury, 1 charge you half a dollar a piece, and I say you must pay it before de case goes on." A Hitch Somewhere.—A young artist of this city, who was " favourably mentioned" at the last art exhibition, read with much gratification the clever little story that has been going the rounds of the newspapers of late regarding another famous painter—Landseer: It seems that a few years before the letter's death he went to a London bank to have a cheque cashed. The teller required the great animal painter to identify himself before the money could be paid. As the artist knew no one in that part of Lon don, the situation was an annoying one. Suddenly an idea occurred to him. " You have seen engravings of Landseer's works?' he inquired. " Why, of course," replied the teller; "I have his 'Three Friends' in my own parlour." Landseer seized a bit of blotting paper and a pencil, and with a few hurried lines re produced the famous,trio of horse heads. Without another word the money was paid over. Our native painter, whom we will call Daubney, as that is not his name, was very much struck by this anecdote, and so the next day he thought he would ascertain if true genius obtained tbe same instant recognition in this country as in the old. Arming himself with a cheque on the Nevada Bank for 1,000 dollars, he proceeded to that institution, and presented the same. " But I don't know you, sir," at once replied the teller. " Have you ever been through the rooms of the Art Association?" "Certainly." "Very well, then,". replied D., drawing off his gloves like the Czar of Russia after Plevna, " just hand me a bit of blotting-paper and a pencil." In a few moments he handed the paper back to the teller. "There, sir; do you see that?' "Yes, I do. What of it ?' " What does it remind you of ?' and the landscape man smiled affably upon the crowd ot clerks that had by this time collected. " It looks like a section of a hair mattress," said the bank official. " Blood and ochre, man ! that's a rough copy of ' The Petaluma Foothills,' and my name is—Daubney." " Don't care if it's Judas Iscariot; you haven't any money in this bank." "Why, did—did—L-l-andseer have any in that bank F' gasped the astonished young man. "What are you giving us?'growled the teller. "Do you know I've a mind to hand you over to the police." "I guess the poor devil is only a little crazy," said a kind-hearted bookkeeper, looking up from his ledger. " Better just have the porter fire him out." When Daubney reached the sidewalk, and got his coat collar smoothed straight again, he came to the conclusion that either aesthetic art hadn't the ghost of a show in this community, or else there was something in that Landseer story that he hadn't quite got tbe hang of after all.—Virginia City Paper. A Cube fob Flirting.—The most note worthy plan which was ever devised for enforcing marital faithfulness was that tried by a Califoruian re siding in Benicia. Two years ago he married a widow of remarkable beauty and a well- earned reputation for flirting. She had never been accused of any really immoral act—such as eloping with a poor man or hn impostor—but being extremely fond of admiration and society she was the centre of a group of young men who were currently said to bask in her smiles, though there is a difference of opinion among scientific authorities as to what constitutes basking. The latest husband of this charming woman is a man of a particularly jealous disposition, and his acquaintances prophesied that the widow would drive him to insanity, murder, or suicide in a very brief time after the honeymoon. He was well aware of the difficulties of ms position, dui calmly determined to prevent his wife from flirting, and was strengthened in that determination by the open pity which his friends expressed tor him. It so happened that he had learned, through some occult source, that the widow's teeth, which were marvellously beautiful, were false. He was the only human being in Be.nicla who possessed this terrible secret, and he felt well assured that it would enable him to repress all flirting tendencies on tbe part of his future bride. The honeymoon was passed in travelling from place to place in the state of California, and no opportunity was given to the wife to indulge her fondness for society other than that of her husband. On the very first morning after the pair returned to Benicia the husband rose early, put his wife's entire set of teeth in his pocket, and coolly informed her that hereafter he should never leave her alone without taking her teeth with him. Tears, entreaties, and threats had no.effect upon him, and he carried off the teeth, re marking as he went out of the door that it was his duty as a husband to guard her from the approaches of designing men, and to thus prevent any shadow of discord from blighting their married happiness. For the next three months that unhappy wife was never seen apart from her husband. Bcorea of young men who oalled upon her in his absence were politely told that she was not at home. Obviously, this was the only course which die oould pursue. Every day when her husband went - to business he carried her teeth with him; and she would sooner have died thui havie shown herself in a toothless state. Every evening her teeth were restored to her and she was permitted to reoeive calls in her husband's presence, Thewhole town,was lost In wondelr at :her absolute qt flirting, and hundreds Of husbands were ready to offer unlimited wealth to learn how she had been so com pletely subjugated. Last week, while the husband, with the teeth in his pocket, was about to leave his place of business and to return home, a note from his wife was put into his hands. It informed him that, weary of his intolerable cruelty, she had eloped. The companion of her .flight was a man both of whose legs had been shot away. "We have offset my teeth against his legs," said the note, "and we can overlook each other's peculiarities." _By this time the guilty gsand pair are on their way to,the Bast, where cork legs false teeth can be had at a few days' notice, and the deserted husband is convinced that to keep a wilful woman from flirting is beyond the power of man.— New York Times. 