GYERDALE; 'V , ' , : or. /. THE .STORY OF A PERVERT! . ;Bxr- -Emma.: Jane Wobboise. , /CHAPTER XXXVI I. -(Continued.) , SO , ), i. claudes packing. - ( , . Certainly Tshall not try to -account for- the fact 'that Ralph Mornington '/fell in love with; Ros.amuncl. What he ever saxv in her tb:attract! him /so/strongly I am at a loss even to conceive, for'thoy seemed to have scarcely a thought, a; Jiatnt, or a proclivity m common ; ana notti were people of remarkably decided views/ and the most pronounced opinions. Father New- mail'' and Hugh MacNeil, the Pope and -Mr. Spurgoon, would be quite as likely to join issue) as' this devoted daughter of the Church, and' a young man of the most Liberal notions, rather in advance of his contemporaries) and ready to rush full tilt into the broad arena ' wherein are discussed the vexed questions and the astounding propositions of the nineteenth century. The evening' before Claude's departure Ralph came to Aim in his den. " I say, old fellow, help me with this toggery," said Claude, as he Outered. I'll be hanged if I can get half the things I want into this big trunk : they are my own special properties chiefly, and I thought I wouldn't trust Sprawson with them. There's a preserve-jar smashed in, and my Elzevir Horace is : all .over Raspberry jam, and 1 have been ramming something down with my shot-belt and fishing rods, and it turns out to be a raised-pie ? Those women fancy there's nothing to eat at' Oxford, I declare, and there's all the gravy stuff gushing about among my clothes. I'll never try to pack again. I quite appreciate the legend of the man who emptied his drawers into a sheet spread upon the floor, bundled- it up and pushed it into his portmanteau. I say, Ralph, did you ever behold such a mess ?" _ "It's an Irish stew of books, -clothes, and implements generally. Here's a flannel shirt all pickle. Let's turn them all out 'and 'begin again. As I live, your tine dress-shirts at the' very bottom." The two young men set to work," but! even with Ralph's amendments they made but little progress. " It's of no use ," said'Ralph. 1 " I'll call- Gertie ; she's a' feminine gender/ and I suppose knows how to do it. Butd am not sure ; I know Sprawson was packing for; heir- last summer. I'll go and sing out in the corridor," I say, Ger, you're wanted in extremities ! " : ' But Gertie was somewhere beyond his call, and while he was thinking that " he 'mxxst humble himself to Sprawson and implore the aid lie had ' rather scornfully rejected," Rosamund- !eame from-herown room with her work-basket in her' hand,; and she was at once waylaid ; by' her impatient brother— '' I say/' Rosamund, - I wa-nt' your 'advice." y- /! " ;-v y. -i-.K" That- is 'something - quite ' nexv. in your ; ex--' perience,-. is- it>not?" said -Rosamund/ with "a smile. ' > -'' Well/ 1 -am not 'particularly- fond of advice —who us ?-'ilt'sa decided" case where 'it is more blessed- to give than -to 'receive ;- at least; them's my.sentiments; < But I.want counsel now and help. - Come- along to the den, you'll see; I -shouldn't wonder if -you -don't manage -it better than Gertie. " ' " Manage what ? " Gome and see. i If you succeed/ I'll for' ever aolcnoxvledge the superiority of your sex ; in some' instances, that is to sav." ' -Rosamund followed the impetuous youth, and of course found the den a scene of unparalleled- confusion — chairs, tables, and floor covt-red with ClaudeY- belongings. And Bhe foxincl,; too) Ralph Mornington, for whose presence slie' had not bargained when she oohseuted to assist' her brother. Noxv Rosamund xvas quite aware of. Ralph's preference. What woman '-'is- there whose instinct does not tell: her that" she' is beloved? But Bhe heeded it as little as it is ih feminine human nature to heed siioh matters. If he made any unwonted demonstration she felt annoyed, and received his attentions with an increase of gravity and coldness that might have discouraged a far more sanguine lover. Her mind was far otherwise ocoxipied, and it refused to dwell upon such commonplaces as lovers and love- making. ; Lovers were for Gertie as for herself, . there arose before her mental vision a strange and shadowy vista, cold and dark, untried, uncheered by all that makes life loveliest and sweetest in the estimation of ordinary people. Ralph was nothing -could be nothing to her. 'She only hoped he would go away without -making any direct avowal, and she kept out of his road, and felt- glad when it Came to the last evening of his stay, for the hour that was fixed for Claude's farewells was to witness also Mr. Mornington's departure for Cliennery. She was not prepared for this, en counter in the deD, but it did not much matter — Claude xyas there, and she could he very busy, and go the moment her work was done. She moved and spoke with her usual grave and high-bred courtesy ; she talked to Ralph as coolly as if he had been old nurse, and proceeded to. survey the properties which were lying about her in such wonderful confusion. .".Oh Claude," she said, unable to refrain from, laughing ; "and oh! Mr. Mornington, \- did yon really know no better ? " '' I knexv that shirts and such things should go, on .top, and heavy things at the bottom," returned Ralph, laughing too. " I'm ixot such a very incapable person as Claude seemes to bo. His continental travels have not done him much good be ought to. be wrecked, and left for eighteen months upon a desert island ! Also, it seems to , me that Elzevirs and janx should not travel side by side ; nor a bottle of badly-corked pickles ' repose in the bosom of fancy flannel shirts'; neither would I compel shot-belts and pouches to be so familiar with raised pies." ifi' I protest against the , pie," cried Claude ; " I thought: it was a 'cake ! Cooky never sent me away .without a cake before. Chuek it behind:. th<v fire, Rosamund ; , it's all mash and jelly-Btxxft'.'.' ... : No, / judoed ;it,wilbe,quiteas .good to eat, though dt: : isy; ruined , as., .regards! appearances. What have, you in that valiae 't " - All n,y heavy hooks, to be; sure. I wish the Eb-.Hr had been among them.'.' ; . .! " So do I ; but empty the x'alise, pray," " Why, It is strapped xxp, and the- books are as snug us babies tucked up in bed." " Never mind ; they must be turned out. Yoxxr light things must go in the valise ; your books and heavy things generally, xvith such clothes as. will bear cramming, must go in the trunk. Now then, please." " Well, I never ! There is. sense in that! And to ' think that it never crossed my brain ! Women are of use in the world, Rosamund, even when they are — well, let's- say churchy. ,, Just see, Ralph, how easily and neatly the things go in ! It's having a method, I suppose. ,1 shall remember in fxiture : light things in the' ' valise, and heavy things in the trunk." , | " And J would let eatables go ia the hamper, " said Ralph. . " Pickles, and jam, and pie , would not assimilate."; . . .. .. . . " That reminds me," said- Claude,." starting, up. " Foster asked nxe about the brown sherry ; the governor said I might take adozen' or two if I liked ; and I did like, in cohrse ; for: xvhy ?. There isn't any like it that I know of, though Chambers, of Magdalen, does .give- a.rninoxis price for his..: I'll . go and see about it. Just hand Rosamund those things." , It would come now, Rosamund felt sure. : Well, perhaps it was best to' have, it . over. Half-a-dozen words and it would be settled: for ever. She went on packing, quietly talking all the while ; and Claude's last pair of socks were fitted into the last spare corner before Ralph, could make up his mind to take advaxxtage of his opportunity; If -she had shown the least consciousness, if she had been in the smallest degree discomposed, he would have rushed at once into the very pith of a declaration ; . but that quiet, settled - face, that lofty air, that pensive — almost melancholy — expression seemed, to daunt his courage, and he scarcely knexv how to commence the conversation. Another minute - and the packing would be finished, and she would go away. He knexv she -would not linger a moment when her task was done. < : In fact she was turning to leave the room, xvhen in despera tion he began to speak. ; , " Miss Aylmer, may I ask you to' stay a: minute? I have something to say;." ' ' 1 She turned back, gravely -inclining her' head; ' Then , she seated herself in 'Claude's 'easy-chair/' folded her hands in her lap, and- Waited' for' Ralph's 'communication. ' ' y!'" '.v " Yes Mr.. Mornington I: am listening." ' " Miss'-' Ayrmer--losaniund, do'/ 'you ' ' hot knoxx- what it is l wish to' say to 'you'? ' I " Perhaps'I do/ Mr.-' Mornihgton'"; nexrertlie:Jr less, as' ; 'am 'not quite sure/I must'. beg you to'' ; say ; i t 'iix as fexv. ; words as .' possible ; !' have an' 'oagagement at half-past eight." ' There, was''a slight" eoloxxr in'her cheeks now, ; but ixot one toxx'ch of 'that s weet, shy cbhscious- ! ness xvith'which sueh confessions are commonly - received: | The wonder was' ; ho w ' ! a : nian ; of Ealph's temperdrrieiit cpuld ever l5have brought' himself into such a position: with s such' a piece of . animated marble.:;!In ithe-;settled mien.vthe "collected tone, ;tlie . cold, ...passive, ; almost : hard i demeanour/ he read' his ansxver before lio aBked the question.) 'i < Nevertheless, haviiig' : gone./ so >far//it;b was; necessary to: go -farther, /-he must receive his- ' sentence. His brow xvas. - crimson ; 7«s;<i voice was husky - and : unsteady ; . - 7/is . hands felt nervously among : the buttons of his waistcoat. , Even if- a man is not: very deeply in love, a- serious proposal -'must be alxvaysa momentous ' episode iin his -. career. The.resxxlts of proposing- are ofteniall that is delightful ; but the crisis itself - is a very terrible ordeal ; and even an accepted lover: must, I think, be. glad when it is fairly over, and he and the lady of his affections are pledged to one another. Hoxv much worse, then,; must it be:xvhen the unlucky hero -has to: take a leap in the dark, or still more disastrous . when he is hoping against hope, and feels all but certain that he will be decidedly ; refused. ' Ralph's sensations were not of the pleasantest when. he very uneloqxiently put his feelings into words, and begged Rosamund .to accept liim as her suitor. . He spoke xvith much hesitation, and ho knew, afterwards that lie had not distinguished himself, while Rosamxxnd was perfectly mistress of the occasion. A Hush of rose, that eminently became her, xvas, the only. sign, of the . stirring of the depths within. . She answered— ; My. ; Mornington, I had. hoped you xvould have spared both yourself and me this needless declaration ; you must have, known), had you: thought calmly, that. I was hot. the person to xvhom you should propose.,. In a very few months you will be glad that you proposed in vain/; i- ' " Is it in vain, then ? " Utterly in vain. Let me say it at once : I have no thought of marriage— I have no heart to give: axvay j. sxich affections as I have are entirely, and irrevocably pledged." , Ralp started. , , 1 v ,M came, too late, then ?" he said, with' some bitterness... ' " ' If yon had come years ago it; xvould; have been too late. Understand me, Mr. Mornington, I anx not speaking of any human, love ; my heart is given to God." " And I could never value the affection of any woman whose heart was not first given to God. But God lias given lis human affections/ and surrounded us by human ties ; and He has endowed us with capabilities of loving ; and ther sacred tie of marriage is oxxe which He Himself instituted, and which He/blesses specially, Yon need not love God less because you love a fellow-creature. " " We will not argue the subject," she said, wearily. "I know nothing of this loxre of which you speak ; I shall never knoxv anything. Wedded happiness is for some, but it is not for me. You would have me drink of earthly streams ; I have tasted of the eternal spring. Yoxi would have me choose a rose of earth, when I may grasp the unfading flowers of Paradise. I have given all my heart; I am pledged . wholly, unreservedly, irrevocably ; I cannot draw back. It disqxxiets me even to be addressed . as if I, like other woman, were destined to find my chief joy in the sweets of domestic intercourse. But I have answered you ; try to forget that yon ever thought of nxe in such alight." ; . ' , : No, I shall not forget. Oh, Rosamund, what might you not have been ; what sw/et nnd hallowed happiness might not have been yoxxrs, . but : for the superstitions faith which bids yon cast away all the good gifts of your Heavenly Father, and devote yourself to a life of solitude and self-repression ! " She started visibly. ' ' I said nothing about any life-devotion, Mr. Mornington ; I have uttered no vows. " " You have not pronounced any publicly. But a dark xveb is being woven about you ; and you- are only too ready — too willing— to he fatally entangled. Pray God that you nxay be the only one who shall thus outrage the ties and affections which He has created for your good and happiness ; and I pray that you, too, may be delivered from the snare, that your eyes may ; be opened before it is too late. " : " Too late for xvhat ? " she demanded. " Too late te . retrace your steps.: too lato to escape the xxnnatural lot yoxx are proposing to yourself. Yes, I knoxv there are some rare moments when one's perceptions are heightened to intuition ; when looks and tones speak vol umes, and when every word has its own special message ; and this is of such moments. Rosa mund, let me speak as if I were your .brother. Since we commenced this conversa tion, an inspiration has come to ine ; and I know— yes, I knoio that you are dreaming of devoting yourself to the cloister. Do hot be .afraid; I shall not even, to Claude disclose yoxxr secret ; .no hint of mine. shall point him or any one to the dreary truth." "There .are no cloisters iix the Anglican Church," she replied xvith some hesitation. " That is one of Mr. Vallances prevarications. There are semi- cloisters, there are sisterhoods. Neither do I believe that you are still in- your heart 'a member of the Church of England." " I a'm not a professed member of any other Church. I am not sure that I ever shall leave .the Anglican communion." "And I have no right to press xxpon you the claims of the Church to which you still openly belong.'- ' Only let me- say one thing. ; I hav4 really loved you — nay, do- not look displeased. I: am not going -to press that love on you < any more— I 'xvaixt i'yoxi,' t6'hold- me as your friend. Yqar friend in'need, if rieed:arrive ; your friend," -whom -you iriay-calUupon for -help in any and in every emergeney / your''- friend, xxpon you may ..rely) should' "the - dark hour come, xx'hen1 you kn'owfhqt'where to -turn/ when you have proved - ithe' hdllowiiess/ the- treachery of some you trust/ .Call! me - xvhen you will/ "and send" for me1 wherever ydu may be/atid- 1- will come and lielp i-ybii with- all'th'o'help'of'a true heart aud a stern, . manly will) backed ' by British -law. ' > l > !' What/ visionary 'daujgers ax-e yoxx f orebod-r !ing;?" -slle.said) smiling sadly." Then, 'giving 'him- lno;timeto'reply,'she:contiDued1:"ButItbank , you heartily; ; I ain glad you have - spoken, : be-v cause; it.lias sho wn' me what '; y oil1 really are. - . I accept your' friendship, as you offer it, though' -I: may: ne ver, avail" myseilf- of -it ;; though 'in vyeairs ' to come/ in all tlie bustlo of' such a life as yours will be/in all/the sweethessvof; the home; joys- that should be: ydurs;; youiremember this -.night but' a3 a drcam/and thiak of me as one of -whom! ' the xvorld has utt'erly. forgotten.'- " Good night;.'-'- / ; iSho held out her hand; and -there was a deep'- -' melancholy in- her -'voice as -xvell as ou her coun-> tenance. ' Had she a' presentiment of dark. days ; bf- dread-to' come,' when she 'might need a-fribnd-' — siiehY 'friend' aB Ralph had' pledged himself- to - be? But' xvhat if 'she -put' herself beyond' the- reach- of any earthly friend ? Presently Claude came back, and, noting Ralph's serious mood, he said — " 1 say, oldfelloxv, you haven't said any thing to St. Rosamund ?" ' " - n- ; : " I have proposed'to lier,1 that is all.-i.and she has rejected me." - - , " Of course she has.'-1- Sho would reject (the; combination-of all rank, and -xvealthj- and' good ness, and intellect, - in" the person of a suitor ! Was she very graud ?" - > < We will not speak of: :it'- if you please 1 at least not now." i ' -The next morning Claude started for Oxford, and Ralph went away to Chennery -Park;- CHAPTER XXXIX. . " -tiibouou tuk cloisters: : . Rosamund Aylmer went back to her oxvn room and, shut- herself, m. The hour, she. hail,. intended to spend : in the drawing- room - iniist, be sacrificed. It , xyas ; impossible to go . there: now. She coxihl not fisten, much less join in the light-hearted > conversatipn .that/xyoiild he sure to be going on around tlie pianq, . xvliere: Gertie and the Gixlbraiths usually,. cqngregated ill the', evening., Neither would; she, if she could.. help it see Ralph. Mornington .again, till., she, bade him good-bye in the . presence of all the others. ; Calm as had been. Rosamund's, bearing, and coldly as. she. had answered .i'ialph, her spirit was stirred withiniher as it had .neyer yet been,' stirred. . ,;Oh, if slip had only ' refused .. Claude that evening when he asked her into, the den, or. if she had only had the presence of. iniiid 'to frame some excuse in order to leavc the.rooin wh'en her brother had .went axyay to speak/to Foster . ! but perhaps,, it ,was;better as -it was. . ltmnst have come out pome day, and now,' it ) was all over and.done with.,; ' , . ; Allover and done with!" ., . : With a curious sense of in volition, Rosamund found herself repeating her oxvn.j words again and again, as if they were a sort of . spell xvliieh should put axvay for ever from memory the episode, of that evening. She stood before her fire, which was slowly dying .down to the embers, and leaning her elbows on the low mantelpiece, and her face on her hands, soon lost herself in thought. " Yes, all over," Bhe was saying to herself once more, at the close of half an hour of half-dreamy aud altogether wretched meditations. "All over — what may be called the romance of my life ! No words of love for me, no one to love me best, . no one to whom my voice is music and my smile as sunshine, no pleasant home of my o :vn, no sacred joys of motherhood ! And it might have . been. I did not know, till I knew that it might be, that such a life had any charms for me ; I did not know that it would cost me one pang to put from my lips this proffered cup of earthly joy ! I thought I had closed my heart to earth ; I thought the sacrifice complete. I deemed that spoken voxvs would only publicly seal the solemn renunciations made so long ago as in. God's sight and hearing. Yes, my God, 1 ain vowed to Thee. I cannot go back. Go back, did I say ? - let a few brief words/of kindness, a faint emotion, a brief dickering of the human passion that I suppose smoulders in all breasts till' the hand of death e-ctinguiahes it for over, render null and x'oid the steadfast purposes of a life-time? Ah! I am very weak ; what wondrous vitality have these human affections I It is very hard to kill them ; they wil not be starved down ; and if they xyere- violently slain — murdered, as it xvere — I believe their ghosts would haunt one perpetually. And . yet does God demand that we should re linquish the exercise of natural affections— of.: , affections which He Himself has blessed ? Mightr. I not serve my God as Ralph Mornington's. , wife, as any good man's wife, as well as I. could serve Him in the solitude? Husli ! hush !: . rebellious heart. My duty is to submit and not. : to question. Oh ! what a vain, weak, foolish-, , girl I must be that the first word of love — xvhat. - . we call love should thus probe my soul to its., centre, should shake the resolves .that I . deemed firm as adamant. But it is over; it. will never come again, I will take care of that.;. . And Ralph— rah ! It is- not real love on his-,. , part; it was- a mere youthful impulse. u He- began to care for me, I truly believe, when L;. was quite a child, and itwas only caring ; . it. ./ was not love, -the real thing that only comes.:.,- to one once in all one's life, that has never.- come ij. to Ralph yet, though it will— it . will. .- He will:, , know some day . that I never had. the, inmost, , .- place in his- heart of hearts.;, lie will find- some--:.-, one fair, and. gentle, land ready, to be loved,;.;) some one who may listen to him, and give her- i ,;' self to him, and be so proudiof ihim.-. I wonder vtt . if ha will ever ,think: of Gertie.; Yot— no ;,ishe-; is hardly deep enough for: him ;i ,she is t very ; sweet though, such a pretty. darling. i.Oh ! my!;- one own sister, must! give you up too— must all, ... ... a77 be surrendered?".- -a - . i i Then Rosamund "remembered her engage:- : ment. xvhieh. she jiad pleaded . to (Ralph ;the-., - time was long past,, and for, this , onceiit. must be -s .; ' omitted. : She /.could , not t do ,4 any, thing.she had ,v intended to dotliat night;;, she felt -so. wretched,.." so restless; so strangely- miserable. .And yet she 'had-, practised-, self-.discipline :; for, _ years, and; ... '.she-ihad b.eeu:.> rigidly- ..strict , xvith herself , ' evem /as;.- al/bhildi/.V-The. duty: which, -she. -had-;/., perforce left unperformed, . . xvas- a jvery... simple one/ and quite self-imposed, . aud . no one but ; : ' Rosamund would :hax'e. given a .second thought : . . /to its occa8iohal;heglect.; i It ;. was., only that on , ., thtealnights ih'vthe'.ixyeek she ..gave an hour to. : 'two young, servants, aix-junder-.hoiisemaid, and a: little.'kitchehmaid, "teaching -them -.to ; write: and / cipher,:and hearing; them- read: aloud, /and- some-, .-> tiui'es : reading, -to/them , herself. . Scarcely - any ; bne:'in: the/house knew: that ishe did this ; .only ; ' Agatha: knexy - it,' vaiid.'some -of the servants,- yet,,-: Rosauiuud. held .ib 1 as a, - sacred duty, and xlis- . , ; chargediwhat she .believed . to bo her, obligations. - - . towards these:txv6:,girls;as.'regularly..aud:religir : ously. as" .she did/her visiting in the village, under ! tlie acknioxvledged' authority -of her father. > ' i Shewas just thinking: that she xvould: go and t'ellrRho'da .and -Sarah.' .that itbore coald be- no- l; lessons -that nightvVxvhen.iRhoda- came to ; her ; ' door,: telling her - that -tea ;xvas ready; She-ex- 1 'plained /abbut the reading, 'and; then desired : - < Rhbda to bring h er. upY cu p of tea ; -, she , did . not : - 'intend -to. igw . down/stairs ; again.-, : And : when, Rhbda,'! through/; the /footman; conveyed.; this. - : me88agoto the drawing-room, no one .took much". >- notice of it; (Rosamund -so frequently, xvithdrew. after dinner,to! flier oxvn -quarters, and- was not- . seen again till early; prayers next .morning,- : Meanxvhile.- Rosamund mended lier fire ; she always had a supply of coals and xvood. at. 'hand ; 'tbat /she might: not: be : disturbed.: ,- And - then- Rhoda brought up the tray, and she fain- xvould' -- have/ lingered to - have a talk with :her. young mistress but Miss Aylmer -xvas in no mood for-,--- conversation;! ar d at length, said, -plainly— . , - : ' ' I cannot talk to von- to-h ight, llhoda ; . I do ; not feel quite xvell; . 1 am . sorry to have missed , your, lessons,: but I wish to be .alone noxv. " "<,- ' - Of course .Rbocla could only vanish ; but be- fore /she: left! the - room . slie. rather officiously lighted- thelcandles ' on; the - dressing-table; .and,; : theniwithdrew) hoping: Miss,- Aylmer xvould' he better in the morning. - Rosamund, whose head 1 was aching; :: found' : the light of -four candles-: : rather oppressive, and the: lire blazing at, -the same time,- added considerably -to /i the illumina- -.- tion ;- so' after/sho.had: taken one cup of -tea shet.i. rose to put out the -unnecessary 'toilet: candles.1 - | Rosamund's rooni xvas of course comfortably and -handsomely /furnished ; but it contained nono of those elegant aud luxurious appliances which young ladies of the present day, xvith well-filled -purses, love to affect. Agatha, had ; caused some-of the' furniture - to be renewed not : long before ; but for the moat part the room - remained as it was when its occupant was a : child. .The filagree' crucifix still hung in its i place, and some beautiful eugravings and- draw ings hung upon the- walh, especially a Madonna del Sisto, a water-colour copy of the Madonna of Gliirlandaj o, and an etching from Cimabue.. . But there- were no ornaments -scattered "about, . iio jewel case;, no costly toilet accessories. ; Gertie's room was full of pretty trifles ; it was a. bower of - refined taste as well as of -dainty , comfort, - ltugs and mats were many and soft ; her draperies were fanciful, -but in excellent.: keeping ; and her dressing table was brilliant with) crystal scent-bottles, ivory-backed brushes, , lovely little bits of porcelain, and rings , and , chains and bracelets- always lying about indaz- zling confusion. ( To he continued. ) 1 , Family and Priest. — A Roman Catholic in habitant of Winweller, in the Palatinate of the Rhine, where mixed marriages - are frequent, . having married a ' Protestant wife, covenanted that all their hoy children should be baptised as Roman Catholics, and all their girl children as. Protestants. The Roman Catholic Pfarrer of . the place labored at the father, in and out of the season, in order to bring him to Cfmseht that al: ' least one of his girls should be brought 'up. Catholic, and thus secure a hope of meeting! with her male paront in the future world. The) honest man stood out so stitty, and held so con-/' soientiously to his covenant with his wife's", family, that his pastor flew to the last xveappn! in his polemical armory, and told tho father, that/ he should be compelled to exclude hini from tKe Easter Communion. Immediately before Easter,/ day, the man brought - forth his last agrr mentative weapon. He went to the Protestant Pfarrer, taking his four boys with him/. xyhb, had all been baptised as Roman Catholics, .and., he aud they diiietly passed'bver to the'' Reformed! j Communion.— Echo. 