krabeer. AMONG THE GEYSERS. Tea Lower Fire Hole Basin is another zsikaeblae place in the National Park, • ?h ot equal to the upper one,?o , .:lnhcnhitiasepara ted by alowdivide. Still ther are? n it a great number of geysers ,ahtbitingauin8finte variety of finetructure, eaaoee and size, "some small, some galmo~t to be called little sla5? and oontainin vast volumes of boiling wac; others mere eracks or fis?uree in ' srleoe, oeasonelly ejecting sir or liquid, i the diminutive puffing-holes one meeo Wi.'th on the sea- ahore." Sometimes it is 'lies or flint that is deposited; at other ,ihmes iron, or alliaon and ire together, mixed in' some eases with sulphur also. Old springs are here eonstantly dying out and new ones springing into life, the pine-trees standinguer spinge, coated with depost, ssd yet infll life, show that the outbreak ?el these springa must be something of very se-?n date. Numerous bare patehes in the -'reset indioate where springs and geysers so~s have been, and in many little lakes or oad - aes buried the remains of extinct . y. There are also varinous mud *le-laoes in this basin. The Fire Hole iver flows through the basin. Its vete s ae warm, and much appre isted in cold weather by flooks of . and duakl. The whole of the river are "honeyoombed and pitted with pr , gponds, and mud-pots, furrowed with : streams, gashed with flasures, and with chasma, from which issue \--w ramblings, as if great stones were -elling, round and round, or fierce, angry ..lnrls and roans. The ground sounds hollow .ner fwoot. The track winds in and out -among holes that pUff sulphur flames or Surt water at you; by great ?averns that tsm-berate hideously, and yawn to swallow y on up, horse and all erossesboiling streams wehloe flow over bes composed of a hard tu colounred yellow, green, and red, and . :"e, ed by great oietoa ot boiling, -eetliug .wlea. To e crst feels asi f it ighttbreuak t?hug h at any moment and drop you into re and flames beneath, end animals tread gingerly upon it. You pas a translcent .vd eayl?, and a nearly pithed into its ht re depths by your mule, which ;tlelsotly shies at a white puft of steam .mslkllcaly epitten in its face through a t-tlamlasaee in tee psth. You muse needs e:xm~ne into that regged-moothed cavesn a?.?drt back wih more agility tban grees ?oJ lps Stomas d ddan flood of hot water; • ": v't?.. ,m m . ,,mboo , wunis,, ? .?:.>~~S .",o?~pr gel thwgh . ::::?... .... 1s ailU of subdued, strange nosles-distant gr?amblinge as of diseatiefied ghosts, faint shrieks., eatirisal groanss, and eubterraneon launohter-ae if imprisoned devils, though exceedingly aoomfortable, were not byondr being amused at seeing a fresh victim ap proach. You fancy you can hear the rattle of the loom, the whirl of wheels, the cleng and clatter of machinery; and the impres sion is borne upopen the mind that you are in the manufactulring department of Ionferno, where the skilled hands and artisane, doomed to hard labour, are employed. I can compare it only to one's feeliogo in an iron loundry, where one expects every moment to step on a pieco of hot iron, to be run throngh the stomach by a bar of white glowing metal, to be mistaken for a pig and east headlong inlo a furnace, or be in some ivay burned, scalded, or damaged." 