Literary Coincidences. The more remarkable instances which follow are coincidences of words. Of these not only are two authors inspired with precisely the same idea, but also with exactly the same expression". Not only are the features the same, but they are set in the same proportion. Amidst infinite possibilities of combination of color these authors have by the strangest chance painted their conception in one and the same time. Pope, in an epitaph on Fenton, that right honest person, fat and indolent, commences thus? This mented about), what few rain martin on, ? May truly say, Here lies an honest man. Curiously enough, Crashaw, in an epitaph also, and also at the beginning of it, wrote concerning Mr, Ashton, a " conformable" citizen by which term he seems to mean what we call a confor dist ? 6 The motion front of this small floor, Believe me, reader, can say more ? ? Than many a bravertuurUe can,. ' Here is a truly hernial man: Dryden, in ira elegy on Anne Killigrew, one of the maids of honor of the, Duchess of York, a : young lady who was remarkable alike for her poems and pictures, at whose birth the most malicious planets were in tripe, and who died of smallpox at the age of twenty-five, says? Her toil was more than man, has- In'uoceuoo a child. Pope mourning the death of Gay, calls him? is a In vii a man, simplicity a child? was very frigid commendation,; says Dr.: Johnson. is'. To have the wit of a man is not much fora poet, ' though to have more than the' wit of a man was a circumstance worth mentioning in what old Wood contemptuously calls "womankind." Among many other surprising verbal similarities in the " Essay on Man, is the well-known line? a See man for mine, replies a pampered goose, which recalls Cowley in his " Plagues of Egypt"?: No creature but might since say, Min 4's mine Nor is Pope's proper study of mankind is man" unlike Charron'ssentimeutin his "De la largesse"?? La rule Had de L'homme elect Vhomme. The coincidences of expression with preceding ; authors in the " Essays on Criticism" were so numerous as to induce Lady Mary W. Montagu to declare that it was "all stolen." This amiable woman forgot that des (Grands esprits souvent se rencontrent. Pope merely thought by chance, like Cowley and Bolinbroke, and accidentally wrote like Dryden and Boileau. Blair tells us how the good that was scorned by man soon after its crea- tion stalked off reluctant like an ill-used ghost not to return, or, if it did its visits were Like those of angels, short and far between.. The reader may imagine the distress of the Rev. Robert Blair, when some good-natured friend called to his notice a Rev. John Norris, who died about the true Blair was born, and had left in a printed book his opinion that the most exquisite and strongest joys soonest take their flight, and . are, like angels' visits, short. But what was the distress of the devout Blair compared with that of the convivial Campbell, who, after requesting every joy to cease to glim- mer in his mind, so long as the light of hope was left, informs the public that his own winged hours of bliss have been Like angel visits, few aways. between. Surely not unmixed with a little natural anger was his sorrow when he had learned that he had climbed the hill that braves the stars in steps cut by another, that his own pretty sentiment had been sung before him, and without being spoilt by something almost approaching a pleonasm. Well may the bard of Theodoric have exclaimed with Donatus, Jerome's tutor, and the primum mobile of primers, " Pcrcant Uti quo ante noa nostra discount /" Especially when they have said them better than ourselves.? Cornhill Magazine. 