FICTION. (from EDKI1.II, Amerlcnu. and olbrr Periodical».) DEAGGKG HIM DOWN on, . Annabel's Secret. CHAPTIÎR III. "Are you cold, A'? What a shudder you g.ive just now," in n sweet uirliMi voice. ' "Achill swept over mr, I do belieie. Butitis genenow,"-r<-tiuneif ¡i finn maseuhne ti-jior " Take one ot I he Mi i wls there It w«h very warm at the pal tv, mm this mp.I .m is unusu-dl;, chilly I hope you huv. n't taken c<ld, for theie 1- Lu Web ton's wedding to-morrow, and we shouldn't like to miss that." v " I don't think WP .-.hull be likely to onVcountTof ray indispositii n ni. mine de irrst." Dor.'t wuk« ¿iTur mother. I hait* no m ed ed the sb.iwl. ~"N The speaker-, « »tiling ¿enuem.iu and his be- trothed, occupied Lhè front sentot a luxurious coach while an elduv, coupl? slumbered comly in the se-at oppocite to them The night was dink ¡u.d the iky overc.st, but the i'limnipr ol the lighted lamps, on the ouleioe o; tim uo»cli b\,onu brightly through the window, and reven ed tri the lover the cli»rmif.g nountenanro beside him upturned with a pretty louk of tender concern, " My own piec ou- Bel!«," he murmered, clasping the little hand that was fluttering forth fr. m the ermine c^pe. " Your hand is c.dd as ice," cried the giri, in a tone of consternation, '. I am truly afraid you ure ill, Alger on. " What a long tedious ride it ie'put to Col, Mathew's. I aondenf we ure not nearing town? Wheie are we She leaned her ince closer to the window, and shading her eyes, looked out, lidding m a moment : " Ah, yea, I see. There h> the prinon. What a sombre, dreary place it is Did you ever go inside of it, Aileron ?" " Not that one, dear." In spite of hih strong effort. Algeron Kent's voice was husky, ¡nid another shiver ran through his frame. This ii ma Ibatiel Cameron did uni uotcct it, for she had moved a little aw»y from him, at>d was still looking from the window, She went on thought- fully : I went with the seminary teacher once, and, oh, it was frightful em u 'h ! Those terrible cells, I wonder how the stoutest- hearted man can stand the til st night in one, It is like being buried «¡ive!" "Don't talk uliout such gloomj things, my BeUa, What has your innocent life to do with prisons P" "I auppoae it won't hurt meto give a pitying thought to the poor wretches there. And pos-ibly some of Hit m may be innocent. Think of poor Monte Cristo I Do you think, Algeron it would be possible, in the<=e enlightened times, for any one to he wrongful)} condemned ? Just think of an inno- cent man sbul up lhere now," "I wouldn't wiing that tender little heart with snob improbable suppositions, aarltng. Most ot the v inmates yonder are brutal, hardened wretches, who fire safe only behind such bolts aud bars. You'd scarcely like one of tbem stepping up to our car- riage now, pistol iii hand, demanding our money or our lives." Though lie tried to laugh while ho s ;id it hie voice fultered, mid bis hean w.is quailing within him be- neath aom i t-ecteL atx'ö her words, lind unconsciously given him. She sprang away from the .window with a little cry of terror, and ne-atled agiiicót'Wí. arm. "Oh, Algeron, 1 (aw a man *tt.rr,j^p from the road side. I am sure I did " ^y He held her-çlo-*1, while li- iptwered lightly : "Such glootuyXulk iuTj!tLt vfoil raise up phautoma for you. I am gi^d 431 mis na^jvhipped up his .horses. Theie, think IÍIMIen ! we have left the prison behind us. 1 never take this road it I can Mp it." " But one knows it ia here nil the same. Wou d it le quite br'ive to try to hide from otuselvea all these ugly blots that really exist in the «olid ?" ah- veu " Ttured. V " H you are powerless to help them, what better Ban you do ?" returned he gloomily, and tell into a reverie. A little Eoft s'ph flouted off fr 'iu her gentle lip?. Thero were some height?, and depths, too, to which 1er earnest spirit soured, or btoope-1 with loving compasEion, whither she could neve»r conx her be- trothed to lollow her. She realized it now and then, and coratorted heuelf by saying that it was her one light cross, and without it her happiness would be too dangeiously pe- rfect. The coach whirled on to the town into the brightly lighted streets, which slept in pe< ceful silence, Beuure beBeuth the watchiul care ot their night- guar- dians, and paused at length before the stately man- sion, which nil the town knew as thr abode of C im eron, the millionaire. Se-i vants caine hurrying out, and the party ran up the stone steps ami disappear« ed in the brightnet-s of the luxurious rooina, " ?. Algeron's own »ervont waa waiting with his car Tinge to take him the tew squares beyond to his ?bachelor apartments, no le=s luxurious and costly, in which he wiia presently standing, sturit g drearily before him for half an hour at lea-t, instead of mak- ing any movement toward returning, though the jnorning hours were rapidly nearing. His valet's significant cough iou=od him f-om his abstraction, when he hastened to conduct h;uijelf in a suitable manner to meet that sleepy individual's approval. "Lay out the clothes J.-nn, and tlie-n go to bed. I'll smoke .1 moment or so," he a iii), while be threw aside his glovts and cloak, and then dropped into the ensv clmit. A handsomu young fellow he was, and he looked like a prince, whrii the valet threw a purple velvet dressing gown itcrona his shoulders. The moat promising, and the moa: iortuii'ite young man in town. So everybody who knew him pronounced Algeron Kent, just entered into poasession of old Kent the banker's ousiness, and generouSxf ortune,, too, and beside betrothed to the belle and'heiress who had reigned supreme through the last seiîson. At that very moment, while he ant there amid the costly furnishings of the fine apartments, slowly puffing away the savory columns of cigar smoke, an- other young fellow, lefs fortunate,T outward circum Btances aurely, was just swinging himselt down by a wire ladder, mysteriously provided to his need, over the massive, bristling prison-wall, and hung a mo- ment gasping lor bre&tu;, dizzy willi the rush of emotion. But he wus allowed no opportunity for indulging sentiment ot any Bort. " Give a hand," whispered a voice from out the shadow of the wall. " We must waste no time. Como on na fast aa jour legs will take you, Nick. The sentry ia on the other aide now." " Go on, 81," whispered No. 80, behind him. " It's no time to explain to Jim Darke-that he's got more than he bargained tor." So No 81 allowed the stranger to seize his hand and lead him c.iutiously, still in the shade of the wall, and he silontl) extended his tree hand to No. ?80, and gave the same help to him. "Now, then, down flat, and crawl over to the edge of that fence," was murmured iu hie ear. And he repealed the instruction, ano all three were presently wriggling along like so many ser- pents orer the black ground, and theyjiid not pause,. though thpy heaid the sentry's heav£^reud coming round again to that side of the yard; In this ack ward and puinfut ßsjuon ^a "hjd orx^wo of ground was slowly truTereed, und-lhey werè^again in the aliadow of a low building. The guide was now on his feet, and whispered I again : I " Come on now, it's n clear coast." And thus the march went on, until the panting j leader turned into a narrow yard, drew out a key j ?Whose clicking was faintly heard as it turned a lock, ' and ihey stumbled into some low-walled teiiemant whose door was locked and barred behind them. "Here, Nick, old boy. this part of the job is safely over. Ycu'll give me credit for keeping my word, won't you? It isn't quite nine months, you know." M You've done grandly, Jim Darke, and we'll both see grand times yet. Whew ! but it is pleasant to bear your voice again." The man, Jim Darke, as No. SO had ca'led him, wr.s fumbling tor n candle ; the mutch be had taken from hi.- pocket, and in a moment its cheery glimmer lightened iho dimners. He turned nround to look at the mon he lind res- cued, ai.d nearly dropped the. candlet-tick in a sturt of dismay, when he percieved the third figure. " What the deuce does this mean, Nick ? I don't run my neck into a noose f or étrangère." " ltV all right, Jim At least there's no help for it. He played a desperate game, and won; but he's a game bird, and to hurt us. hurts himself. We'll make sure, betides, li.- doei. no harm," " Humph !" growled the man difcontent;dly. " I nevergive you credit, Nick Grimme, for being eoft b-arted- before. It's twice the danger having this chap, Besides I htiiu't prepared for him, and you upset my plana. Y^u ought to have knowu better, Nick." " But I tell YOU, Jim, I couldn't help it unlesa I staid behind myself. Tile fellow got au inkling of the thin,?-Old Nick himself only knows how-and he wouldn't let nie stir, unless he carne to. He hud one of th. se cursed rattles, and would have brought all the. officers upon me in two minutes, I tell you, we'll make the best of it," responded ííick. No 81 stood during this dialogue cool and col- lected, lint in the leaat clinging or intimidated, re- turning Jim's scowling glances with a steady, teur lsss nye. '' What have you got to say for yourself ?" de- manded Jim, flually, squaring around upon him suddenly ¡vi'.h * pie'ol ready cocked io hand. " That I don't think it will facilitate matters for you»£r jour Iriend to ./raw attention to this spot by a piyul-shot, And that you must be very suspicious ijMWed, .e> think 1 C'Ui injure \ou or your companion when by so doing 1 shall only insure my own cap tUTe," was the cool reply. " 1 don't expect you'll run and blah of your own will ; but it takes ii smart mau now to foi! tho pio-, lice. I think jou'll be caught, and then peach on us." " No he won't," put in Nick, eagerly. " 1 tell you he's » deep one. Didn't he get his way even with me ? Let Liui aloi.e, Jim j h-'d,the coolest head I've seen yet ou such young shoulders." . Jiin's'pistol wns (.lowly lowered. .f'l must hunt him up atwell suit. That face won't go well with common dude,"-ke muttered, in a nidified tone. " And then thert's the other matter. Come, come, it won't do to waste time. Strip off the prison dress, both of you. There's a man waiting' with a cart tor them. I'm ph.ying u trump card, Nick, this time. I'll'see whit I can find for the stranger. 'It's lucky wo, keep a pretty goodvnssort ment of ch tracters here. ¡ I think he'd imike a pretty student, Nick, and that will go with .your part. I've got ready all the mako out for a solemn-looking prig of a parson, red wig and all, jest all. the world the male ot one over to the hotel. I've got his name, too, for you to uae, and Bob will pick you up with the hotel carriage ; he's changed works for a day or two with their hostler. ) ou'll take the ex- press train in two hours from now. That will be before they find out over yonder that their birds have flown. And you'll gol off before you quite reach the city there, and bundle up your disguises, and put on the new ones in the bug here. Hang about the old places for a few days, till the papers tell you the game's up ; then I'll meet you, Nick, at the rendez- vous. H-re's money, the bett I can do, and gene- rous, considering my ven ure. Now, I'll get the wigs." He rattled off this long speech in low, swift ac- cents, thrust a bundle and a purse into Nick's baud, and then buiried out of the room, returning presently with a collection of genteel garments, which he quietly luid before the young interloper with a hasty "Lose no time about it, I want that prison stuff every rag of it. And while I'm gone, eat as much as you can, both of you." And gathering up the clothirg the men removed, he made it c.refully into separate bundles, and went off with it. A stronger change could scarcely be imaghed than that produced by tho clever disguise into which No. 80 hurried. It was evident he was no novice in such affairs by the dexterous fashion in which he fastened the red nig and bushy whiskers. He put on the green glasses, tied the white cravat stiffly, and turned with a dignified bow us he set on tue glossy beaver. " The Rev. Adonir.im Sanctimonious trusts, my young friend, that you will find his company both profitable and interesting," he drawled. The other started, but did not smile. Something in his throat waa near choking bim at the simple fact of stiuidtng one» more in the garments ot re- spectability, Ile had givon one glance into the looking-glass hanging before him,and shivered before the glance of those deep, ft-.ry eyes which con- fronted him, though he knew them to be his own. He sat down nt the t.ible, because for the moment too weak to stand, but he could not keep the pseudo clergyman company in his voracious attack upon the ment, und orena, and liquir provided there. While the Inner was still industriously at work, the door was softly pushed ajar. No. 81 saw it, and touched his companion's arm werningly. But the next instant his momentary alarm wns dissipated. It wits a w> man, and ns th* grey shawl dropped Irom the bent bend he recojjnizad at once the sweet, meek face of the» flower benefactress. The sweet blue eyes glanced aroun I the room be wilderedly, und swift terror blatiChed her face as she took a retreating step. But the m in Nick had seen her, and burst into the low sardonic laugh, which must have been his natural one, for she carne forward instantly, and said tremulously : " Father !" " An aduïrïttbje disguise, that is certain, since it cheats even the äyes of auch a dutiful child as my Lu. Come hithejyniy dear. Say that your tender .heart reioicearto see your loving parent at liberty, free frc^prtheVuel clutch ot pitiless jailors" The girl stoodiooking nt him trembling jn every limb, the lovely blue eyes shining with some fever- ish horror and fear. The young man watching them rejoiced to see there was no sign of uffection there. "Oh, father, lather-" was all that she stam- mered, " Yes, certainly, my dear," repeated he, in a mock- ing, airy tone. " No one here ia disposed to doubt it. I am glad you lewemberad a child's duty. Yoi be- haved very well the other day. Neither Jim nor my- self will forget it." The child's tender lip quivered. Sha claapod those tender hands together with fierce passion. " Was it right, even for my farher's sake, to do it ? Con they put me in prison ii they find it out ? Ob, father, why did you send your command for me todo it ? Some nne elsa might have answered as well, and never ha» felt a p»ng of conscience. But I-I shallcnrry-theguilt «f it to my grave 1" ? <>^'])(H1idiotic raving ! You are still under that ariveling old woman's core, I suppose. Let me once get free of this, and I'll soon take you out of reach of her psalm hinging and preaching" ' Take me away from my onlj safe refuge ' Oh, father, you will never do that! I could never earn so much elsewhere," she cued, pttoouely. His lip curled scornfully " You were always a milk-und-watei chick. But speaking of earnings, how much have j ou git' Let me see jour humble savings, if they aie hole?" tshe eyed him a moment doubtfullj, and then pro- duced a little pocket-book, and handed it to him silently. He opened it and without counting, emptied the poor little store into his hand, and then thrust it into his own pocket. She made no deprecating movement, only adeepei melancholy settled on her lace, but the quiet watcher's ejes flushed indignantly. At that moment Jim came buiryitfe in. "Ah, so you have com* in, pretty^ne Now you believe your ejes, don't ¿our" wfsaid approach- ing the girl with a gloatire^milB*sth<it Eeemed to freeze the poor child, for sue shranlt^biick with di latirg ejes, and cheek growing still more pallid "I brought her hereto hear from you about the bargain we made Nick. Nance got hei off from the old woman to-night, by telling her you wanted to see her, ind would come there tor her it she wasn't here. Poor little dorling ' She isn't quite convinced what a good tuend I mean to be to her ^'ow tell her Nick for there's no time to waste" " Me is to be your husBand.Iiu JC-airfill give you to him as soon as I comSïhaas'-àiAtjd a lucky girl you may consider youiseJf, waa thtr father's curt declaration. " You shall have a silk gown the first thing, pretty Lu, and ribhons and rings, too, who knows ?" ' said Jim, coaxingly, his course, sensual, evil face tenfold more disgusting under its leering smile. " I've been aworking for you all this time, for I'm awfully in love, Lu." The girl cowered away from the outstretched arms, and turned her pale face and entreating eyeB from one to another with the wild look of a hunted deer. " Do you mean it, father ?" she asked, hoarsely. " Do you truly mean it?" "Ofcourse 1 do. My promise is given to Jim. What else would make bim work like this to set me 1 free ? Little goose, it is lucky for me he's taken a fancy to such a baby. Go back to the old woman, and sing her psalms a little longer. We'll start up a merrier tune shortly. The girl wrapped her faded shawl more closely about her and turned around slowly, and only the pitying youth auw her face barden into a new ex- pression. A ateely M tah carne over the eyes, the quivering lips set themselves into some grim deter- mination " Well, I must go bnck now, I suppose. Good-by, father," was all sho paid. " You'll stay the re*t of the night with Nance," said Jim. " You can't go back, till morning, or it might draw auapicions hare, We're all in the same boat, you know, i.u." " Aro you going with father ?" she asked, without turning her eyes apon him. " Yes. I shall seo him safely off ; and I've other business before diylight." " Then I'll stay." ( " You won't hate me any more sweetheart, will you ? Now you know what is tn be, you'll net differ- ently, Lu, my beauty, ray dove ?" he pleaded. Still without giving him a glimpse of her ejes, she answered : " Yes, I shall act differontlj', now I know what is to be." He seemed to take it for acquiescence in all his hopes, for ho turned gayly. " And now then, Nick, old fellow, I've a heart to undertake everything I've been driving oveVtbat stieoton this day morning for the lnst three wÄks,' with another chup with me, and spoken to thewàtmi man every time, and given him his apple. Ile woajt mistrust anything I reckon, if there's three of us this time, for I've the cirter's frock to th'ow over you, The team is over in the atable, and I'll pick you up at the corner. I've covered up every step of the track, or I'm mistaken. I'm an honest farmer coming into market-that watchman will swenr to it," Ho laughed merrily «s he said it, and led the way to the door. The others followed. The j'outh paused to look again at the motionlass figure leaning in the entry-way, and her face still kept its rigid look. . ' He almost loathed himself for nccepting liberty at the edious hands of her persecutors, and mentally reg¡8tered'a vow to hunt her up and save her, if the opportunity came ' And the next moment he smiled bitterly, remembering that he was himself a penni le-s retugee from justice, and needed aid rather than was able to extend it.' "You're a lucky chop, 81, to" be trudging along here feorlessly, wifh 'everything laid out' for you," whispered the'mock-clergyman, giving him a plaj ful dig of the elbow. " There ought to come a change of fortune," answered the other, bitterly, " I have Buffered enough of the other sort." " ' It's a long lane ? that has no turning.' Yours moy_ have made the curve already, and your feet be setting forth upou the golden road to fortune." The youth smiled to himself disdainfully, but the time carne soon enough when he remembered the prophecy. The next moment Jim and bis produce-cart came around the corner, the driver giving the agreed signal. They both stowed themselves upon the seat, putting on the frocks he »Bently handed them, and were only quietly settled, when they s iw a watch- man coming down upon his beat, Jim begun to talk volubly, " Look at that feller now. I swow I call it harder work than digging potatoes or picking apples. How in thunder he keeps awak is more'n I see. Hallo, Wntchy ! Have a baldwin ?" The watchman came up laughing. " Here you are again. I shall miss you when the cold weather suts in. Those are till apples. So you've brought another cousin to seo the city?" " I reckon But we're a little behind time, ain't we? 9et up, Whitey." The next instant Jim was whispering : " Now then, be lively ! Off with the frocks, and pick up the carpet-bag. You're to step up those steps there, ns if j'ou caine out of the house, because maybe there ore other passengers, and the couch will haul up there. That's risht. Good luck, Nick." And before the disguisfd pair fully realised, they were seated in the lumbering coach opposite two or thies other dimly-defined figures, and hurrying towards the station. The passongera dismounted stiffly, and all walked togethor through the chill, dreary gloom into the waiting-room, which looked forlorn and deserted enough. It was there, under the Aire of the sickly lights that two tall, stiff, red- whiskered men in the very same sort of garments, wearing tinted glasses euch, and carrying corpet-bags that might IIUVD been inside out of the s.imo web and skin, stood and st.vred at each other as if confronted each by his own ghost. 'fl.e pseudo clergyman had the advantage, how- ever. He undnn.tood inaflish. Jim's pattern had taken the same train Ile came around to the yonng man's side to whisper, in a voice half-stifled with mirth : *' By Jo ?e ! the reverend gentlemen are going to abound in this train. I've halt a miud to get up a controversy and discussion. See him eye me! I expect i.e'll be asking my name. I've a good mind to stick to the one Jim told me, and I know it's his own. This is rich." 