OTJR ADELAIDE LETTER. [from our own correspondent.] Saturday, April 6. Most of the elections are now over j and an idea can be formed,: of the re- ] ception the Government policy will meet. Nock's Act is almost sure to be replaced soon after the House meets; John Chinamen will not be encouraged, if indeed the; eisnota poll tax placed; on him the Legislative Council will in all probability be reformed—but not in tbe way proposed by the Government ; payment of members will certainly not meet with favour; railway extension and some kind of outer harbor are likely to "come off"—the proposal to have intercolonial railway extension via "Wentwortb instead of via Border Town, is the mast popular in the minds of most of the candidates. But-why do I prophesy before the Parliament is actually elected! Ltt me first speak of one or two incidents by the way. West Adelaide has supplied the 1 veliest interest; six candidates including a bona fide " labourer" {so designated ir the nomination papers) who boasts that he is the only man who desires to see South Australia become a great nation! If cheek can get a man a seat in Parliament, that ought to have done it. But the electors could not see it. They kicked out the two old members— Messrs. Darling and Johnson—the latter told the electors at the declaration of the poll that it was that they loved beer (more than brains, I suppose). He said he had no idea beer had such a powerful influence on the electors of West Adelaide! Probably he won't come forward again. The other candidate, Mr. Darling, told them he would meet their members on the floor of the Assembly and there fight them on the principles, he had enunciated on one or two points, particularly Nock's Act! This was cheeky rather. The same day saw Mr. Darling a candidate for Yatala, where he stands a chance, though he is by no means so certain as he would have the people believe. There is no doubt hut that Nock's Act " knocked" the two old members " out of Parliament," as Mr. Johnson graphically put it — the chosen ones being Mr. W. K. Simms, a brewer, and Mr. Hugh Fraser, a new man, who " went in strong" on the " liberty of the subject" ticket. Mr. Nock retired at Kapunda; and in West Torrens, the teetotal candidate Mr. Pickeiing lost his seat by 5 votes, so that the teetotallers will be very weak in the new House. Dummy candidates ai eto receive their death knell soon. At least so says Mr. Playford, who has promised that the Government will introduce a Bill to provide that a candidate shall forfeit a certain sum unless he polls a given proportion of votes. Jones, the bill sticker, is one of these irrepressible nuisances who are always forcing contests without a ghost of a chance of election. This man of paste put up for West Adelaide first; then " seceshed" and went to East Adelaide, causing a contest and a great waste of money there; and now he has gone to Noarlunga to cause Messrs. Col ton and Carr some trouble and expense. Another dummy was a man rejoicing in the uncommon name of Smith, who at the last moment (and without ever announcing his views) put up far East Torrens and prevented E. T. Smith the brewer, and Mr. Playford, having a walkover. Of course he was put up to annoy E. T. Smith.; and equally of course he polled very few votes. Such nuisances as "Jones and Smith" ought to be checked by fines, forfeitures, or in any other way possible. A mild blow at dummyism has been struck this week. Mr. Playford as Commissioner of Crown Lands, having forfeited the selection of a man named Doran, who evidently took up some land on Yorke's Peninsula with the money of a neighbouring firm of squattej-s, and in their interest. Mr. Playford is in earnest; "more power to his elbow," must be the wish of all who desire to see the bona fide settlement of the country. Doran had in a previous instance bought a section and sold it to Austay and Giles—the squatters referred to—at a profit of .£50. I ought to have told you last week that we in Adelaide have now got the most beautiful theatre in Australia. This is no mere blow, but solid fapt^ on the evidence of those who have sfeen the best of the " houses" in the other colonies. It is built on the site of the old theatre in Hindley-street and has cost over £20,000. A local brewer— Mr. Chapman—is the bold speculator, and sole proprietor. Mr. Johnson, who designed the Academy of Music in Melbourne, was the architect, and deserves ! the utmost credit for his taste. The, I building, which is oval-shape—the stage in the side and not the end of the oval —will accommodate 2,300 people ; and 1 during last week and this it has been crowded, though the company is only an indifferent lot of what Artimus Ward calls " oppery singers." The jRegister on Tuesday came out on with an exposure pf some attempted evasions of the, Gpming Act—the first by means "-.oj£' Y;ipij.ons" professedly formed for tlie encouragement of " art," but really fist i^e;Sb6hetit of the promoters—and second a° number of betting circulars.? These have reference to the Adelaide Cup ^Nominations, 1878\. One says " Seance continues ; one thousand at one pound," and then follow the names of the horses and of " T. Bamfield, Globe Hotel, Adelaide." Another circular intimates that " T. Barn field proposes to hold a seance on the above event at an early date, which j will be ' supervised by a Committee I chosen from among the mediums,'" of whom there are to be 1,000 at £1 each. 1 After this is a list af " spirits" (horses) j the first to receive £400, the second ■ £200 ; third £100; starting spirits «T>d j wide £150; non starting spirits ditto j £50." Mr. Editor cornea down strong on Mr. Barnfield, saying he deserves to j be punished, not only for evading the j Act, but for the exceedingly clumsy way in which he does it; and he ought j at least tell the general public bow many gullible ones there are who respond to the appeal he has made with such " unblushing impudence." | A lively sort of bigamy case was disposed of at the Criminal Sessions on Tuesday, when a man named Robert Pearson Jackson (26) was sentenced to a year's imprisonment for marrying a 'girl named Maria Glenn on September 15, 1876, and parting from her the very next day. This enterprising yonng gentleman had only been married three years to his wife, whoisstill living. Probably this lady could have spared Jackson for a longer period than one year. Another man named Henry Briekiuann was sentenced to six months hard labour for bigamy ; but in his case no moral injury had been done to his first wife. The sentences strike me as being rather light, especially in view of the increasing frequency of these cases. Mr. Lott, an Adelaide photographer of unenviable notoriety, who has of late figured in the police and divorce courts, has at length had justice meted out to him in the shape of six months' imprisonment for brutally kicking a female assistant of his. The judge summed up strongly in favor of the prisoner; but the jury either disregarded his Honor's counsel, or founded their verdict on the principle that if Lott was not guilty in this case he had been in others where he had escaped ! 