GREAT BRITAIN. THE IRISH RACE. In an eloquent sermon pleading for the schools of the Irish Dominican Nuns of Sheffield, England, Father Burke, O.P., said:—''What is the crime that the world will be convicted for in that hour ? What is the crime for which the world will be destroyed in that hour? I answer, the main sign that will be alleged against the world is that they gave up the faith of Jesus Christ. When the Apostle St. Paul was drawing to the close of his magnificent career of apostleship, and' was giving thanks to God for all the graces that' he had received, the one grace that he selected amongst them all, the burden of his thanksgiving was, ' Oh, God, I have kept the faith.' There is the crime for which the world, will be judged, to give up the faith, to give up the one Sanctifying, holy, vivifying living faith that is only to be found upon the lips of the Church of Jesus Christ, and is only to be . found in her sanctuaries; and, dearly beloved, when the nations whose fleets cover the seas and whose armies crowd the hills and fill the valleys of the world, when the nations whose statesmen dictate laws to the universal earth, shall come trooping into that valley of Jehosophtrt and ascending each into his own place, shall give' answer for his national sin, there is one nation, one race,- one people, who in that day will also give their record; the tale that they have to unfold will be no great recital of earthly glory, iio crowning power, swaying, modifying, guiding the destinies of an unwilling world; : 110 mighty armies dictating laws to abject and enslaved people; no mighty fleets sweeping the seas and dictating feven to the nations at the ends of the earth; no great record of temporal glory, for what avail would such a record be at that moment when time is at an end and eternity come ? No, but .there is one people, one race, one nation, that will be able .to stand up in the valley of Jehosophat, and before the Son of God in judgment will be able to say with St. Paul, 'Lord, we have kept the faith, we did the one essential "thing, we fought the good fight, we finished our course, we kept our faith,' Blessed be ^he Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, blessed be Maty,, the Mother of God, blessed he Patrick and Bridget, that race and that nation,, that pne voice which shall bp heard will be the voice of the Irish people, Oh, dearly, beloved, letno.t the abomination of desolation ever he seen in ithe holy places of our native land, the holys places fOt^whioh outj -fathers • died, me holy plaices Stfhose first Jand earliest function of c&nseteratidn; "wa^ko less sacred than #iehl6od of th^'fertyra that was shed lp faithj Ijj't'p&t; thejabcnninatiojtt pp'ftsil .»?(»„% .S^tjrj, fQuti. hearts /of ,fiie aiyiiflpBatak -fonnteoneflB, jar-gpy^r Ireland has kept the faith, but Ireland has been driven &om; her parent isle in a great measure; her people have gone forth unto the ends of the earth. Q, me regio in terris non plena mstris laboris. Where is the people that has not heard the voice of our desolation Where is the land that has not at some time or other received the footsteps of the poor exile of this sacred island ? They have gone forth from their Jerusalem, their home, and they have borne the message of the faith with them wherever they went. They have been the apostolic nation of the world. Their destruction at home by famine, pestilence, and death, has been the keynote for all nations that they were coming who bore the light; but whilst going forth upon this apostolic career, founding m other lands Catholic Churches and Catholic colleges, do not for a moment imagine that Ireland is in the main rather the loser than the gainer. When the Jew of old left Jerusalem and turned his face on that fatal journey towards Jericho, he fell among thieves, they robbed him, they, stripped him of his clothes, and, not content with this, they violated and outraged him, and left him bleeding and. dying on the road. Then the Samaritan found him, and because life was not extinguished in him, because he was not utterly dead, the wine and the oil of the Samaritan's charity brought him back to the fulness of his life. So many an Irish father and mother going forth from this old Jerusalem of ours, and driven by sad necessity, turned their faces for some Jericho, for some land that had denied the Lord God, to some land and some people that have apostatised as a nation from the faith of Christ. They go forth and their little ones amongst them, but they fall among thieves; they fall amongst a state of society for which they were not prepared in the earlier days of their Catholic faith. They are weaned away by a thousand stratagems and means, all to assimilate them with the people amongst whom they haw gone, and to make them also give up their faith —first the children fall away, the orphans are caught up into Protestant asylumns—the poor find no refuge but in Protestant workhouses, where the very first and primary consolations of their faith are denied them. The little children baptised by Irish Catholic parents, belonging by sacramental claims, and history to one holy Catholic Church, which alone can save them, they are led away to Pr6testant colleges until, as they grow up, the strange sight is seen of Irish minds rising to believe and Irish hps blaspheming the name of the Lord. But the Irish Church follows them in their exile, seeks to save them abroad as well as at home; the priest, the monk, the nun, they are at their work. . Ungracious, indeed, is the task when not only has the child to be saved by instruction and educationand care, but this work has to be done in. the face and in state of an hostile society, andl with the sad and terrible weight of utter and absolute poverty. These are the difficulties that the Church of God has to contend with in other lands, and we need go no farther than just across the English Channel and we are in the midst of it To you and to me these sisters of St. Dominic have appealed—' Enable us to save the children of the poor Irish in England—enable us to preserve for them the only treasure that is left them, the priceless treasure of that faith which will preserve the integral portions of the Irish race, which will give them a right to take their stand amongst the Irish people in their national, literary, and social position in the Valley of Jehosophat, and to proclaim aloft the glories of Jesus Christ and the only Church, here in time and hereafter on the threshold of eternity, and for all eternity in heaven.'" 