SPREAD-EAGLE PHILOSOPHY. (From the Saturday Review.) MR. Joseph Cook, "the Chalmers of America, is a large man, tall, and brawny." " His features are strongly marked, and his massive head is adorned with a bountiful covering of sandy hair." In these words a correspondent of tho Scotsman describes Mr. Cook, a lecturer who is the bulwark of the orthodoxy of Boston (Mass.). It seems to be admitted that we cannot appreciate Americans of genius unless we know how they appear to the people privileged to behold them in tho flesh. An admirer reviewed Mr. Walt Whitman as he was bathing some years ago ; and a description of Mr. Whitman's frame was the not inappropriate introduction to a book in which that poet spoke freely enough of his own limbs. As the picture of Mr. Cook's brawniness and sandy hair is served up in company with the Glasgow edition of his Biology (David Bryce and Son), it is plain that the Glasgow editor, a Free Kirk minister, expects the public to take a personal interest in a gentleman who has "prepared for his public ministry by a severe course of self-culture both in America and Europe." To understand Mr. Cook and his lectures, which we con- sider a very queer contribution to modern thought, it is neces- sary to explain how they came to be delivered. Professor Huxley lectured in the United States not long ago ; and, if we are not mistaken, some other "advanced thinkers" have planted the standard of speculation, to adopt a phrase of Mr. Hannibal Chollop's, in the remoter gardens of that country. We do not know exactly what these lecturers said, but they seem to have spoken about protoplasm, the origin of life on the planet, and other matters of an interest that cannot be said to be urgent. The "small philosophers," as Mr. Cook cruelly calls them, thought otherwise, and many thinkers feared that, unlike the dying pauper of the story, they would soon " have no hell to go to." To stem this current of opinion, Mr. Cook was set up by a committee of ministers to deliver addresses, in which he was to bring a Roland for every one of Mr. Huxley's Olivers, a fresh German professor to meet Haeckel, and a new and tremendous "sociologist" to tackle Mr. Herbert Spencer, "whose star," says Mr. Cook finely, "is now touching the western pines." The conferences of the Boston Monday Lecturer have been printed, and are now before us. In several ways they are rather instructive. They show one what the meta- physics of Massachusetts are like, and the kind of style and of argument that pleases a serious American audience. The topics are not much to our taste, and we do not intend to say much about them. The lecturer is concerned with the origin and aim of life, as life appears when it is looked at through a microscope. Where did it begin, where is it going ? Mr. Cook asks ; old questions enough, and not much elucidated by ingenious arrangements of lenses and ground glass. A German philosopher says, "In a rapidly cooling planet, who knows what might happen ?" just as Miss Braddon makes one of her characters declare that "anything might happen under the Plantagenets." Mr. Cook does not think that the origin of life could have happened under such circum- stances, because, if we understand him, even in a rapidly cooling planet it was rather too hot. No germs could have stood the weather. Then there are arguments about the size of a monkey's brain, and of a savage's ; and why, it is asked, has a savage so big a brain, as he is not so very much more clever than an ape, and does not give his mind much exercise ? Perhaps, however, the savage, an astronomer in his way, and a bit of a metaphysician after his kind, uses his intellect more than Caucasian and cultivated persons suppose. These questions need not delay us here. It is more important to live well, and even to write and speak with good taste and in a sensible way, than to guess at what occurs in planets which have begun to cool down. Whether our nerves have loops at the end of them, or not—on which seems to hang human destiny—it is as well not to foam at the mouth. Fustian is fustian, loops or no loops, and we intend to show the fustian that Mr. Cook supplies to a Boston audience, an audience which, he says, "will not be cheated." Mr. Cook throws off with a determined attack on Bathybius, which he calls "an amazingly strategic and haughtily trumpeted substance." The word "strategic" is as dear to Mr. Cook as the Cyclades were to an American poet who made them rhyme to spades and glades, and, pleased with the sound, wove it into his song, regardless of sense. Bathybius, says the "cultured" Cook, comes "from two Greek words, meaning deep and sea." We would like Mr. Cook to tell us which part of the term means sea. Is it possible that he, who is always referring to Aristotle, does not know more Greek than his countryman who explained the etymology of hippopotamus :—"It comes from two Greek words, hippos, a river, and potamos, a horse ?" Alas, this "very Hercules," as the Scotsman's correspondent calls him, who "has suddenly risen before an admiring nation to do battle for what he believes to be the truth," is smitten with a pebble from the brook before he has joined battle. He derives Bathybius from two Greek words meaning deep and sea, in his very first page. He falls, and his brazen armour rings round him in his fall ; his spear, of the dimen- sions of a weaver's beam, flying from his grasp. He should consult his Webster, if he has not a Liddell and Scott, be- fore he ventures on Greek. To return to poor Bathybius ; he is not only amazingly strategic and haughtily trumpeted, "but he is also the presumably triumphant keystone" of Mr. Huxley's doctrine. In the next page he is "a bridge between the inorganic and the organic." In about a dozen lines he is a "watchword," and in the same sentence "a victorious weapon," while, in September 1876, Bathybius was publicly interred, and he is now taking "his place with other ghosts." One does not know where to have Mr. Cook. How can a haughtily trumpeted keystone be publicly interred? How can a strategic bridge be a watchword, or a victorious weapon become a ghost ? Mr. Cook raises too many questions, philological and logical, in his first three pages. How can we expect to reach the loops at the end of the nerves, and the skull of the cave-man at Mentone, and the tower of St. Mark, and all the other arguments in Mr. Cook's collection, if he is to delay us with these inscrutable mysteries ? Probably the eager minds of the Boston Christian Young Men overleaped these obstacles, as our own youths clear hurdles. "Whole armadas of materialistic fleets," says the inspired lecturer, " have been wrecked on the hungry tusks of self-contradiction." Why self-contradiction, also spoken of as a reef, should have hungry tusks we do not know, but the enemy of Bathybius himself seems scarcely to escape the ravenous tusks. Not satisfied with a display, however brilliant, of ac- quaintance with the language of Hellas, Mr. Cook in his second lecture kindly adds something to what we know of Socrates :—"It was in the endeavour to satisfy a distinct- ively theological thirst that he smote the rocks at the foot of the Acropolis, and caused to gush forth there these crystal- line head-springs of the scientific method. Unless we think boldly—north, south, cast, and west, and syllogistically, and on our knees, we do not think at all. A Greek teacher of morals first taught us to think in this manner." Mr. Cook has sources of informarion which we know nothing of, but we hardly think he can be right in saying that Socrates taught him to think in this manner. More probably the devout though benighted Mohican of his native praires taught him to think in the manner expressed in this burning period. He wants to say that Agassiz held some view with which Professor Dana agrees ; and this is how he says it :— "He bent that colossal bow, and it dropped out of his dying hand. On the English-speaking globe, now that Lyell has gone hence, there is no man but Dana that can take up that bow, and bend it. But what does Dana say ? Go to Agassiz's grave ; take with you these yet most sheets of the last number of tho American Journal of Science and Arts ; read over Agassiz's tomb the latest utterance of the highest and gravest authority in American geological science, and you may bring solace to a hovering, mighty spirit for an unfinished task." If some Boston Christian Young Man did not take a moist copy of tho American Journal of Science and read it over Agassiz's tomb, Boston Christian Young Men must be very hard-hearted. Who would not take a little trouble to solace a hovering spirit ? Still, if Mr. Cook was in earnest, his orthodoxy has a wondrous heathenish air, and if the remark was only his fun, his fun is not in the best taste. It seems that Professor Dana (p. 54), "over Agassiz's grave, joins hands with Agassiz in the Unseen Holy." Here is spread-eagle philosophy indeed, and very edifying Mr. Cook's lectures must be to young men with a sense of humour or a sense of reverence. "I do not know where in America there is another weekly audience with as many brains in it," says the lecturer ; and we wonder what sort of trash he would pour out before an audience which he held in less respect. A number of these addresses have "preludes on current events." An audience with over so many brains cannot always be tackling Bathybius, or following Mr. Cook through what he calls "the famous labyrinth of Mino- taurus." He therefore began by talking about the ob- service of Sunday, or about the election of Mr. Hayes, or about "the custom of the Doges of Venice to symbolise the marriage of their city to the sea," or about any other nonsense that chanced to come uppermost in the Bathybius or deep sea of his brain. Thence, he would diverge to Hermann Lotze, the new philosopher whose "star is in the ascendant," while Mr. Spencer's, as we have seen, is cast- ing a mild lustre on the Western pines. The lecturer revels in the Christian names of his authorities. Herr Lotze would be nothing if he were not Hermann, just as the Telegraph, while Mr. Gladstone was in office, always wor- shipped him as William Ewart. Herr Lotze's philosophy, we are informed, "is the most brilliant, the most audacious, the most abreast of the time, of all the philosophies of the globe." The most abreast of the time—these words sum up the popular conception of philosophy. Who is the very newest man, people ask, what is the "last novelty" in opinion? That is the faith to run after, just as the last hideous colour is the most fashionable. People seem to think that Herr Lotze, or Herr Haeckel, or Mr. Huxley, has found something out that proves or disproves the mysterious and eternal questions. If we have loops at the end of our nerves, all is well ; there is a God and a future life. If the horse is descended from a pony no bigger than a fox—let us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die ! The last speaker is sure to know best ; the most recent work on the microscope contains the secret of the universe. It is with pasteboard artillery, despite its thundering noise, that our lecturer bombards castles of Giant Doubting, themselves built of pasteboard. He quotes what we presume was an absurd and vulgar hoax—a letter which Mr. Carlyle was said to have written about Mr. Darwin—as if it were gospel, or as if it were an argument. He tells long stories about Daniel Webster's death-bed, and about Rufus Choate. He calls a copy of the New York Tribune "the last white-and- mottled bird that flew to us out of the tall Tribune tower." He declares that when he "lifts his gaze to the very uppermost pinnacles of the mount of established truth, he finds standing there, not Haeckel nor Spencer, but Helmholtz," and other gentlemen, and they "are all on their knees ;" though it must be as hard for professor to stand on his knees on a pinnacle as to go off the stage kneeling, in the way proposed in the Critic. 