TRAINING NOTES. Monday. Daring the next fortnight there will be a great deal of fast work, and owners, trainers, and backers will endure much anxiety. Horses mast be sent along,~hnd daring each • fast gallop there is a chance of a "breakdown. \- fortunately the training ground is in capital , oifler at present: the outside track is rather ,liaxd,.' but Hie tan is good going; as, last •week. 'the new track inside the racecourse was thoroughly harrowed, that, too, is in fine -trim. For the youngsters the T.Y.C. has been' thrown open, in order that they may 'practise crossing the tan, though they are not permitted to gallop as far as the grand .etand, except occasionally. During the last -.few days the weather has been exceedingly ;pleasant; in consequence the number of visitors has been large, and yesterday there' must have been two or three hundred on the .ground. There were severed good goes'tm ■Saturday, of which these were the most .notableAstarte raced five furlongs, going in fine Btyle, and very fast Sheis, no doubt, ,a good filly; unfortunately, being fractious, -.she may prove unreliable. Warlock travelled nearly two miles at his top, Blood Royal bringing him along part of the way, and Jack ,Tferthe remainder.. This colt has done a .Sound, strong preparation, and though he Jocks a little fleshy on the rib to a critical jm, fee. must .be pretty fit, and ought to run •well at the spring meeting. Geide Olgotfeach, with Cripps up, raced four furionga with Lexicon in He is pne of the-smartest holts -ttatn&'TOxe, fhougb'-somewhat flash wt juifcUftkhA Damwfell and SwiveUer ^v —^ttro-mile gallop, finishing — and well: The . „ and the last st part of the gallop. ,tfmrjring.gallop only, acwm snorts at the . Aaensation M ii j once round in 2m, 29a, tot though the time was unusually fast, it has been beaten slightly j by Aldinga, Haricot, and a few other good private "workers. But it was, notwithstanding | the time, not a iirst-rate performance, the last half mile was the slowest, the horse was quite spent: besides, he evidently was sent to make fast time, as he grazed all the posts, regard less of the iiinty inside going. Glenormiston did good Cup work; also Lockleys. To-day, though there were a great many horses out, things were a trifle slack. Mr. Ivory was down at peep of day, and began by sending Macaroni and Handover twice round the inside track, the last time at a strong pace, and afterwards gave Vampire and Judge similar work. Naomi, wearing a rug, was treated to a brisk canter three times round the tan. Baroness practised on the T.Y.C. aiid raced the Maribyrnong Plate course. Tidal Wave cantered round the outside track with Equality to the furlong post. Here they jumped away and rattled down the straight running, the former passing the finishing post in front. After cantering a mile together on the tan, Gains borough and Drum- major hit out for a fast mile, which they did in fair style. After wards the youngster cantered on the T.Y.C. Strathearn, with a hood on, cantered steadily about a mile and a half, then 9trode along the same distance at about half speed. K.C.B. did thesame sort of work, only faster; he seems an idle goer by himself. Keystone and Fran ciscan had two miles on the tan—the first half pace, the second faster. Waterford cantered a mile on the tan in clothing, then Eicked up Swiveller, and went two miles irther, the last at a good swinging gallop. The Cup horse looks well, and is improving. Hawkesbury bolted, as usual, and galloped four miles and a half before he could be pulled up. It seems cruelty to animals putting a light hoy on him who can't hold him ; the horse gallops himself to a stand still. Amendment, who was in great pain, and could hardly move, cantered a mile on the tan with The Arab, went a mile at half Bpeed, then anpther mile at an extended gallop. Glenormiston cantered a mile on the tau by himself, then swung along the same distance fast, finally rattling 'along a mile further, led by Moun tain Deer, whom he just beat home. He looks well, Fleetwing cantered and spurted down the straight. Democrat wa8 treated to a very gentle twice outside with Forester. The Cup horse moved as if he were quite paralysed across the loins. Salisbury and Conservative jumped away from the mile and a half post, and raced round to the gate, where the latter pulled off, but Salisbury continued going fast, and completed the circuit of the ground before being stopped. Timothy, who has evidently recovered from his Wagga trip, cantered and ran a fast half mile. Welsh man travelled twice round the outside, the last time at a sharp gallop. Viceroy, after cantering twice round the tan with Ada, changed at the gate to the outside, and came home fast from the half-mile post; the Derby colt looks best in motion, for he has fine sweeping action. Darriwell, ridden by Hales, cantered a mile on the tan, then went a mile at a faster pace. Lockleys, with a hood on, went once round the outside with Kingston ; then the latter pulled off, and Contest, taking his place, brought the Cup horse along at a strong gallop once more round. Geide Olgothacn was given some brisk work with Brilliant Ashantee concluded two rounds outside with a half-mile fiutter. Pride of the Vale, after a steady canter with Cuthero on the inside track, strode along fast once round, which is about one mile and four chains. First Water Bpurted half a mile. Warlock was given a four-mile sweat on the tan with Jack Tar, the last mile at a swinging gallop. Numa Pompilius beat Crichton in a six-furlongs flutter, and Belladrum and Narrabri can tered on the T.Y.C., and galloped up the track about three-quarter speed, after wards spurted a quarter of a mile from the rails to the sheds. Cowarie did some brisk work inside with Mongalata, and then Mr. Mitchell's two youngsters, Mullyan and Bonny Bee, cantered. The latter is the little fellow who won at Wagga, and has many good points; the former has been backed for the Maribyrnong Plate, and is by Maribyr nong—Nea, sister to Loup Garou. He is a fine colt with great propelling power, and should possess the family trait of great speed. He looks a trifle on the leg, and is rather fiat sided, and seems a hard-pulling, rather fretfniyoungster, and alittle soft in condition. Average work was given to Mesalliance, Sheriff, Greystanes, Bed Gauntlet, Pyrrhus, Norman, The' Punter, Camel, The Hook, King Arthur, George Frederick, Nunnykirk, Exciseman, Flinders, Selector, Guy Fawkes, Albatross, Glenelg, Device, Nerissa, Counter jumper, .Stprmbird, Coongoolah, Richard, Castanea, Blood Royal, King of the Forest, Ramrod, Vivian, Lflydale, Burglar, Nina, Fitzroy, Pasha, Lapidary, Crinoline, Enos, Glenburn,Capable,Bohemian Girl, Buccaneer, Tolarno, Murrabinna, Cyclops, andTimberoo. Later on Cornwell and Lamond worked their teams, consisting of Cap-a-pie, Burwood, Auckland. Gipsy Cooper, Astarte, Emily, Nellie, Lilian, and Sunshine. Toesdat. , Tempted, doubtleBS, by the beauty of the morning, there were a good many spectators and several highly interesting gallopB. Work did not begin very early, and one of the fijstto j go was Sheriff, who, after cantering, ran about a mile and a half fast on the tan. Then. Gainsborough and BaroneBS, the latter .rfflden by Pigott, were jumped away from .the'five furlong post and raced, up the T.Y.C., The, filly had the cqlt befttpu the whole way. chopped him down at the start, and kept in front easily to the finish.'. Mr. Tait gave Amendment and The Axab two miles fast pn the inside track.- Amendment, who - was; very sore, could With diffiefcl# keep pace ; with his companion during the firkt round, > and gradually dropped behind- in the second' round, being 'beaten 'many letagtbs at the ! finish. He pulled up dead lame. Time taken 1 by The Arab forthe two rpundsof thetracks,: 4m. 15s. " Franciscan .and Tidal Wave, after' cantering; rahJ,a strong' mile. Democrat: was treated1 ttaf two moderate rounds on: the outside- With Drum-major. The Cup horse movbs .stiffly.' -Gipsy. Cooper and ■ Astarte practised "on the T.Y.C., and; after wards spurted from the tails dbwh the i straight running,' Bordeaux Sprawledtwice j round the outside fast with Fitzroy. Strath- i earn cantered about three miles inside, and ! K.C.B. went the same distance, only the last j mile fdst. The former has not bad a strong gallop since his arrival SWiveller ana DarnWeli swung once round the inside in lm. 69s., which was a rattling good Bpin. The bay fried again to heat the brown, but; failed' Waterford, in clothes, followed ' in the wake iff the preceding, and, as he' did dot lose: ground, must have tra velled very mat,- bat he walked home luce. After Cfctering 'once rbtrad - the outside, Ada nod Vieeroy fait out for a mile and a half gallop, of which the last mile • was run in lm. 514. uhty finished together, j and well in hand, and this Was a really good j gallop, done in good atyle. - Pride of 'the j Vale and Quthfero ; were-"given nearly- two miles at^their tcmi On the^meid^-thelast round of the trade taking 3m. 4244., which was slow. Stonnbiid, ridden by Mr. G. Filiate, galloped a strong mile on the tan with Vivian, after cantering. Welshman was treated to a alow and a strong round outside. Numa Pompilius went a good gallop once round the outside fast. Lapi dary travelled a merry half mile. Ashantee, ■ .< . l. ground between the , » pie, and Auckland were sent a sound two. miles on the tan at an extended gallop the whole way, the last mile taking lm. 59s. Device cantered about two miles, then ran six furlongs in lm. 22s. Cowarie cantered on the tan, and finished up _ with a brisk mile. Tama spurted half a mile with Bohemian Girl. Warlock, in sweaters, travelled round the tan by himself at a strong pace, then Blood Royal made the pace lively during another round. Flinders, who seems very thick in his wind, went fast after cantering ontside, and Lockleys did useful work on the tan with Kingston, both in sweaters. Be sides these, work was given to Pyrrhus, Norman, Red Gauntlet, Vampire, Judge, The Pontiff, Maid of. Honour, King of the Forest, The Hook, King Arthur,. Jack Tar, Nunnykirk, Equality, Hooton, First \\\ ater, Nina, the Proserpine filly, Conservative, Nerissa, Timothy, Narrabn, Murrabmna, Fancy, Star, Glenbum, Mongalata, Dignity, Exciseman, Camel, Counterjumper, Bella drum, CyclopB, and Hickory. Yesterday Lilian and Emily are said to have travelled twice round the inside track in 4m. 8s., which was a good performance. Later on to-day Lamona worked his horses, and Le Loup went a sweat. The latter has high action in front, and, like Chester, strikes his elbows with his heels when going fast. Last Friday he bruised the near elbow so much as to cause great swelling and inflammation, ne cessitating a few days' spell, until the en largement subsided. Wednesday. Contrary toexpectation, there wasnot much work done deserving notice, and perhaps this was due in some measure to the close oppressive weather. Mr. Ivory was one. of the first trainers down, and began by sending Macaroni and Andover a really good working gallop of two miles on the new track inside the racecourse, both horses finishing well. Then Free Lance and Vampire, after canter ing on the tan, hit out for a merry mile, in which the latter showed himself the supe- | rior. Larpent and Prattle cantered and spurted on the outside track. Keystone cantered with Fiver the reverse way on the outside to the mile aud a half post, where they turned, cantered a furlong, then swung along once round. Dignity spurted five fur longs after cantering on the tan. Enos was treated to a half-mile spurt with Con test. This youngster, though backward, improves much, and yesterday polished off Tolarno, Buccaneer, and Dignity in a flutter over the Maribyrnong Plate course. Salisbury went a good working pace round the outside with Conservative, then the latter pulled up, and Salisbury swung round again alone. Viceroy and Jarto, after cantering two miles on the tan, changed to the out side, and Swept down the straight running at an extended gallop. Swiveller and Dar riwell, ridden oy Hales and Deasy re spectively, next emerged from the sheds, and were followed to tne inside track by a crowd of onlookers, evidently anticipating a ding-dong set-to. But in this they were dis appointed, for the horses were" only given a strong two mile gallop, keeping together throughout. Glenormiston was given his customary task on the tan in sweaters three times round—slow, half pace, fast. Geide Olgothach raced up the T. Y.C. with Lexicon, who seemed to have the best of him. Glenelg was given some strong work on the tan, also Device, who after cantering a mile ran two miles in 3m. 49s. This was rapid travelling, though it has been run four seconds faster; but she had barely five stone on her back. Hawkesbury cantered, and went faBta mile on the tan, ridden by Hales, who had- him well under command- War lock did capital Cup work on the inside, led part of the way by Blood Royal, the rest by Maid of Honour. The distance covered at speed was barely two miles, but it was a good sound go throughout. Narrabri raced five furlongs with Belladrnm on the outside, but the time was not fast, for the former seems to run cunningon this track, and will not extend himself. AvernuB and Mercury in clothing cantered and spurted on the tan, and Buc- : caneer and Tolarno did similar work inside. Timothy cantered and ran a lively mile out side. Levant, Canard, and Spark went once round the outside at three-quarter pace. ! Cap-A-pie in light clothes cantered a mile on J the tan, then did useful two-mile work with Burwood at about half pace, with a sharp i finish. Baronet, a youngster just arrived from Sydney, cantered on the T.Y.C. He is a bay brother to Hyperion, whom he does not the least resemble, being medium sized and tightly built. He is rather lame in front, and is reported to have been Highly ! tried with Gipsy Cooper. Emily did some j ■very Blow cantering with Lilian. Tne former has grown and improved into an exceedingly ! nice, level, wiry-looking mare, like most of imported Tim'fl stock, rather irritable, and:.] with no great substance. Lilian, also, is a nice galloping-looking filly, but has a pesky temper. The rest of the work may be con-: densed as ordinary, and the actors, were The Pontiff, Judge, Drum-major, Gainsborough, Welshman, The Hook, King Arthur, The Punter, Capable, Lapidary, the Crinoline filly, Bohemian Girl, Black Diamdnd, Ashantee, Nina, Glenbum, Murrabinna, Jack . Tar, CaBtanea, Wick, Dandy, Hamrod, Numa PompiliuB, the Indiana filly, King ot the Forest, Selector, Crichton, Gipsy Cooper,; Auckland, Astarte, Vivian, aha brother, to Naomi. Besides, Cowarie, after cantering two miles on the tan, travelled a third at what seemed a good pace, ana Cyclops was given similar exercise. Mountain Deer led Pioneer a fast round outside, and seemed ' much inclined to shut up; and Nellie spurted' up the T.Y.C. with Sunshine. The former . is a nice filly, more stronly built than her sister Emily, but hardly so lengthy. The latter is a fine handsome son of Mariby rnong —Xarifa, but a bit of a peacock. Thursday. Though there was plenty of good sound galloping, nothing was done of more than ordinary brilliancy. In contrast to th< the op pressive heat of yesterday, the air to-day was keen and bracing. Proceedings yvere opened by Mr. Ivory, who Bent Macarohi and Andover twice round the inside track at three-quarter speed, finishing with a sharp spurt Naomi and Mesalliance were treated to ' " similar work by Henderson, and Greystanes #as given three rounds with Red Gauntlet, winding up strongly. .OipBy Cooper and Astarte, poth with the colours up, raa'alively flutter up the T.Y.C., the filly leading aflthe way, bntboth wellinhand. These Voungstemboth lookwell, Dictator cutting out the running1 th^Pat mile, Tidal Wave jor the second: and finish ing easily first. Though. Fraacbean looks St, and has been Vtell and catorally trained, e is not quite good enough to mn a Mel bourne Cup. Mr.'Loder's nice-two year olds Pontiff ana Baroness cantered on the inside, and finished .with a rattling fire -fur longs. The latter is one of the best New South Wales Maribymong Plate candidates. Strathearn, after going twice round the inside at a canter and half-speed, made play at a smart gallop for one round further. Equality raced five furlongs. Bordeaux went fast twice round the outside, about two miles and three-quarters, with Pitzroy, and finished as if he was sick of galloping. K.C.B. rattled a mile with The Arab, and got him in diffi culties. Auckland, Cap-a-pie, and Burwood were given Btrong two-mile work on the in side track, with the colours up. The former was sent away with a long start, and swung once round at a capital pace, in about 2m. 3s., the other two keeping together, and pre serving the same distance behind. The Becona mile was not done quite so fast, Auckland being pulled back, while Cap-a-pie and Burwood were not pushed out. Bur wood was pulling hard the whole way, and went exceedingly well, though after pulling up he seem«I a trine dicky on his pins. Numa Pompilius cantered with Bohemian,' then travelled nearly a mile and a half fast. Viceroy, after cantering with Ada on the outside, was treated to a strong go over the Derby distance. The time was fair, but he did not finish very well to-day, and Ada could have easily beaten hiin. To larno and Buccaneer; after cantering, raced five furlongs outside, the latter having the best of the finish, Crichton showed superior speed to Lapidary in a five furlong spin, and Swiveller did useful three mile work in light clothes on the tan, finishing half-pace. Demo crat had stronger work to-day than has yet been given him, going about a mile.and a half fast inside with Forester. He still moves very stiffly, though he warms up after a tii, yet the emphatic opinion of all the touts is that he has no ghost of a show for the Cup. Salisbury, Conservative, and Glenelg travelled five furlongs fast from the sheds near the road to the post under the hill, when the latter two pulled off, and Salisbury finished the circuit of the outside at a decreased speed. Device, who is picking up a bit, worked on the tan, ridden by Stales, and went two steady miles with a brisk finish. The Punter was treated to a good go up the T.Y.C., and Cuthero went two miles fast on the outside with Pride of the Vale, who kept in the rear all the way and failed to close up at the finish. -Geide Olgothach raced five furlbhgS with Lexicon, got beaten, and finished as if he was not a game colt. In fact, it was a bad gallop, moderate time, lm. 8s., and Lexicon must have been giving him some weight. Jarto galloped two strong miles on the tan, after cantering. Mullyan was given a lively mile with Bonnie Bee, and Cowarie, Mongalata, and Dignity rattled six furlongs after cantering. Mercury and Fleetwing, ridden by Walker and Hales respectively, raced half a mile on the tan after cantering. The filly had the beBt of thefinish, though the colt struggled very gamely. Useful work was given to Sheriff, Free Lance, Pyrrhus, Burglar, Lunatic, Warlock, Maid of Honour, Isi8, Nunnykirk, George Frederick, Saxon, Ivanhoe, Hotspur, Rosebank, Camel, Excise man, Larpent, Lockleys, Kingston, Cod test, Glenormiston-, Welshman, King Arthur, Black Diamond, Fancy, Stndley, the Indiana filly, Selector, Jack Tar, the Crinoline filly, DarriweU, Enos, Glenhnm, Nina, Capable, A.T., Nerissa, Murrabinna, Guy Fawkes. First Water, Sampson, Japan, Cyclops, ana several jumpers belonging to Mr. Glasscock. Ashantee strode a fast two miles, and lateron Mr. Lamond worked his horses. Fbiday. It was rather chilly weather, and quite a bye-day. Lockleys, after cantering round the inside track, laid himBelf down for a really good gallop, Contest- leading him for the first mile and a quarter, and Kingston for the last mile. He went well, but blew rather heavily afterwards. Enos .then rattled half, a mile with Contest The Arab! practised jumping away. Strathearn gallopied a mile and a quarter at a fair -pace inside, and K.C.B. travelled three times rOund the same track at an extended jgallqp. It appeared an if he overpowered bis boy, and. ran farther than intended. Swiveller and DarriwAU,. after cantering half a mile outside, were treated to a lively mile gallop, the distance being tra . veised in lm. 48$s. BeUadrucn, with Pigott . in.the saddle, was given a racing five furlongs , with Narrabri. These, are nice racing polts; ' but' the former is smartest. Warlock can tered inside with Blood Royal, and then hit out for a strong gallop. Blood Royal pulled off after going naif a mile; -then Ifiis led the Derby colt three-quarters of a mile fnrther. Warlock went fast, and }n capital style; he has had a very sound preparation. Murphy rode Hawkesbury a fast nlile on the outside track, and Don ' Carlos galloped a merry fiye furlongs with First Water. Good average work was given to Tidal Wave, Gainsborough, Dram-major, Democrat, Keystone, Nunnykirk, Mongalata,; Hotspur, King of the Forest, Black Diamond, Judge, Andover, Vampire, Castanea, King Arthur, Welshman,. Camel, Exciseman, Cyclops, Cp wane, Dignity, Bonnie Bee, Spark, Levant; Canard, Astarte, ; Gipsy! Cooper, Auckland,' Timothy, Mountaineer,' Avemust and Mercuty, Jarto was given a: merry mile op the tan at the end of a canter. AshaAtee went a racing mile and a half ! inside, and Fleetwing ran five furlongs out-' Side irilm. 8s. Later on Cap-k-pie andpur-, wood worked, alao Mr. Lamond's horses, : ; 