rX,^legr»pliio^ ¦? [OUR SPE&AL; MKSSAOE.1 \--*-¦-+. The Congress. London, June 29. The congress at Berlin has now under con*.>, sideration questions in reference to Bosnia and ¦ Herzegovina, of which Austrian occupation fs. believed to be imminent. Thc Australian Cricketers, London, June 28. In the match with the Eighteen of Hunsletj Leeds, tho Australian Eleven scored 205 runs, ot, which Allan (not out) made 39, Eleven wickofir of the Hunslet team aro down for 211 runs. Tho wicket is very faBt. * London, June 29, Tho first innings of the eighteon of Hunslet closed for 228. The Australians in their second innings scored 180. In the second innings of the Hunslet team nine were out for 28, the bowling of Allan and Spoffbrth being very effective. The; match resulted in a draw. .-? [REOTEIt'S AGENCY.] THE CONGRESS. London, June 2ft The congress of European Powers at Berlin havo recognised the independence of Serviai, and have authorised an Austrian occupation of BoBnia aud Herzegovina. THE ENGLISH AND RUSSIAN AGREK. MENT. London, June 29. ¦¦' Tho English Government have taken steps to prosecute the Foreign Office clerk, who recently surreptitiously obtained a copy of the Anglo* Russian agreement and caused it to be published in the newspapers. THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS. London, June 29. Tho match between tho eleven Australian cricketers and eightren of Hunslet, played at Leeds, resulted in a drawn game. Tho scoring was in favor of the Australians. -?» Sydney. [beuter's telegrams.] June 29. ¦ A meeting will bo held shortly to take step8 for a memorial to the late Rev. W. B. darke. Mr. Teece, M.L.A., has recovered from his rei cent illness. The Trade and Labor Council are taking action to induce the Government to let contracts in the colony when the work required ia possible to be, done, The extension of the Southern Railway to' Junco, 28C miles from Sydney, will bo opened on July 6, and a further distanco of eleven milos" to North Wagga is nearly completed, and itt early opening expected. Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Bates open a season to-night at tho Queen's Theatre in the drama of the "Red Pocket Book." The Postmaster-General of New South Waloa arrived at Auckland yesterday, and he expects to lave au official interview with the Government ot Now Zealand on Tuesday, in reference to tho duplication of tho cable to England. Tho polling places throughout the colony are teing revised by the Government. Arrived: Gungn, s., from Foochow, with 18,000 packages of tea. Juno 30. Arrived : Edina* s., from Brisbane. Melbourne. (.IIEUTEU'S TELEGRAMS.] Juno 29. . Messrs. Oppenheimer aud Co., merchants, have }-.eld a meeting ot their creditors. Their liabilities, estimated at £20,000 (sic), aro mostly in Eng lind. The local creditors are mostly secured. Calamia is first favorite for tho Melbourne Cup, at 100 to 6; Lady Ellen scratched. '; Tho Cuzco, s., goes iuto dock early next week. ¦i Splendid results aro beiug obtained from tho Stawoll goldfields. 3001b. weight of stone has crashed 343oz. of gold, taken from a depth of 1100 feet. i. promising reef has been discovered at Roedy Crek, near Kilmore. June 30. ?-¦>, Kr, Casey, who was appointed commissioner for Victoria at thc Paris Exhibition, and who hal justroturnod to tho colony, has signified hh in- tention of not abandoning politics for a Judgeship nor'/or the office of Agent-General. It is reported that Mr. Macpherson will resign his seat for ;Dundas in a few days, when Mr. Laigton will probably be requested to stand. ?A report is current that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen has beou promised tho Agent- Generalship, and thm Mr. Dwyer, member for Villiers and Heytes- bury, will succeed him ns Attorney-General. it the Opera House last night, Mr. Lyster.. was presented with 300 sovereigns. ti tho Roman Citholic Churches to-day col- lections of Peter's pence wero made. A letter was read from Cardinal Franehi, acknowledging reciipt of £750, being last year's contribution. An encyclical letter was also read from Pope LeoXIII., renewing the Papal protest against tho Italian occupation of tho States of tho Church. - Tasmania* ' [llECTEn'S TELEGRAMS.] ' Hobart Town, Juno 29. ' Tho Ministers refuse to submit the dispute involved iu the main line of railway to the-, opinion c I the English Attorney-General.. New discoveries have been made in ;the Marji : gano reefs which promise well. The death of John Murphy, ot Lauupeston, is.' announced. i TnE Board of Enquiry into diseases in plants, &c.;, Las seemed a valuable ally in Mr. Mac- donald, of St. Helena. Mr. Mncdonaldjhas un-, dertaken to cultivate any grasses that imay be sent him by the board. Mr. Bailey hoi, there- fore, sent him a collection of seeds o!J all our known best grasses, and Mr. Macdonald will, no doubt, iu due time give valuablo andireliablo reports of them, St. Helena oilers the very choicest conditions for conducting such sexperi meats. The soil is excellent, and thi;- island being secure against encroachments of, cattle, goats, fcc, the plants will bo allowed to mature without molestation, and considerable Quanti ties of seed will thus bo available for cMribu- ' tion. Mr. Macdonald is a keen observer, arid, we doubt not but that, under his watchxil eye, tho relative valu'o of many of our grasses for winter and summer pasturage will be/finally determined. j A raocusiATioN in Saturday's Goiirnmmt Gazette gives tho boundaries ot tho nov sheep districts of Rockhampton and Broadsound which have been created by the division of tie Rock- hampton district; and a further proclination places these districts under tho Mtrsupials Destruction Act. j Satdhdat's Government Oa:dle annodices the appointment o£ his Honor Mr. Justce Lut- wyche, senior Puisue Judge of the Supremo Court of Queensland, to act as Chief ("ustico of tho colony during the absence of fir James Cockle, C.J., on leave, -i** / The Residents in tho hospital havo reason to te'thankful that schnapper parties this year havo been so numerous and so successful. The party which prccecdcd.to the Flat Rock on Friday hut in the Kate had their share of luck, and Mr. M'Master, of Fortitude Talley, has presented the institution referred to with a 501b. groper, the victim?not of his bow and spear?but of his hook and line. Wo are assured by Dr. Thomson that the groper was most acceptable, and that the hospital will be none the worse for further piscatorial contributions. We are about to lose a revered and distin- guished relative?our uncle, With deep sorrow we draw attention to Mr, Morwitch's valedictory advertisement in the Courier of tbs l?t>J '>L?t': Though the hallowed nssociationB that cluster around tho nnmo of "father" are such as by comparison mako the loss of an uncle appear quite a one-horse bereavement, yet in this instance the name is haloed with so many goldon memories (mostly under IS carats), ringed round with bo many "pledges" of affection and Britannia metal teapots, and enshrined amid such a blazo of jewellery and Bpoone, ns quite outshine and outweigh tho loss of any father, even a city oue. Among uncles he stood a loan, No wonder we weep and lament, We take on after him so very bad that we feel inclined even to "spout" tears, Let us reverently hope that his loss may bo our gain. If wo only knew what is considered tho proper mourning for uncles, we would put it on?gladly. A stinted superficies of crape on the left arm would como far short of our grief; wo would fain wear '¦iir mourning all over the left. We are His more coddened by tho prospect of In's ''..upending dissolution because from his dying manifesto it would appear that he has played somewhat of a loBing game. We thought be wbb up to every move on the board, and that he was especially atrong in pawns, but perhaps he was remiss in playing the rook. Pauvre oncle I Ho says he has been " pulling hard against tho Btream for fourteen years." This is the most tremendous aquatic feat on record j and con- sidering how heavily he was ballasted by tho distresses of other3 in tho shape of the above mentioned teapots aud Bpoons, " and other valu- able articles too numerous to particulariso," and that he was continually lending a helping hand to shipwrecked brothers, wo hardly know whether most to admire the pluck of tho navigator or the durability of his craft. Wa can ill spare such a mau, or rather such au uncle?for, of course, the man Morwitch is no more moribund than we are. It is merely the unelo that is giving up the ghost. Least of all can we spare bim at a time when, as Groom and Co, tell us, Ruin is staring tho colony in the {ase. Had undo M. continued his functions, we could have said, Let it stare. But Uncle M. wilt help ua no more. Ho has "finally determined." We feared there was something up when we read tho other day his call for tenders for 150 young ladies to mako an arcade of. It waa a gross mistake?more than a gross?six moro. It carno to nothing, but the mero conception was too much for one brain, and resulted in a loosening of tho posterior cerebral lobes, or words to that effect. This is why Undo M. has " finally determined " to pull against tte stream no more. Vale, avanculc I? " Specialties," in the Queenslander. The Petty Debts Court opens to-day, when tho undefended cases will bo disposed of. The following is tho list of defended cases, which will be taken to-morrow :?J. Gr. Horsey v. J. Ryland, goods sold, £3 12s. lOd. ; D. Wagner v. J. J, DcvKn, work, £\ ; J. D. Hood v. J. Thynne, work and labor, £i ; H. Smith v. same, work aud labor, £3 10s. ; R. D. Neilson v. T. Nugent, goods sold, 18s. dd. ; W. Sherwood v. W. H. Wardle, diBhonorod promissory-uoto, £& 7e.; Wm. Lloyd, aa agent of "South British Insurance Company, v. C. Munro nnd Co., premium of policy of insurance, £25 ; C. Adsett v. J. R. Webster, work aud labor, £1 10s. Adjourned from last mouth :?J. Byrne v. John Stecoy, money lent, £22 ; A- M'Cullum v. John Nolou, non-delivery, £8. A small amount -of police business was ?trans- acted in the City Police Court on Saturday, Two drunkards wera discharged. Ann Smith, on rooland, charged with a petty larceny, was further remanded till Friday ; and Henry Gloa demann, arrested on suspicion of being concerned in a robbery, wac remanded till this 'morning, when the case will be gone into. Tun new American locomotive, manufactured by the Baldwin Company of Philadelphia, has been put together, and ran its trial trip yester- day (says the Observer of Saturday last), when the Commissioner for Railways and Mr. H. C. Stanley were present on the engine. During a trip to Laidley and back there was every oppor- tunity of comparing the new eugine - with those hitherto in use, and the generally expressed opinion was that she far excelled our present engines in smoothness of running and ease over the curves. In point of speed, the engine, with brake-van only, ran a measured mile in one minute and a half, but her actual strength will require to be determined, and the traffic speed cannot be arrived at until the machine is put on the lines. For a first trial the reports on the engine are of a highly satisfactory character, and we await with some curiosity for an opportunity of testing the actual wear and tear capabilities of the engine. The NorUicrn Argus says that the want of immigration iis beginning to be soveraly felt on our Great Northern line, which is at a«compara thro standstill for wnnt of navvies, unore than half tho hands hitherto employed being down with fever, and much of the labor left being of a poor description. What is wanted is .an ¦ influx of good strong British blood and bone, able to stand the work, aud sufficiently tough to pull through a wet season without caving jin. One twelvemonths' work would push the lineithrough tho Comet Scrub, and then there would ibe plain sailing. We fear, however, that progress will hang fire until a fresh supply of immigrants arrive, and it will be doubtful then if we can go ahead, as, owing to the absence of rails which should have been on tho ground mouths since, the men would bo at a standstill. It seemB as if every obstacle was thrown in the way.of the engineer-in-chief, everything dono to keep us back. It is evident we shall have to fight our way to Emerald Downs against the obstructive policy which.characterises the Government with regard to the further extension of our railway. The crushing at Eaton vale plantation ia pro ceeding vigorously (says tho Sfaryboravgh. Chronicle), the density of tho jcice ranging be tween 8° and ;0° Beanmd. All the cane on the low lands which had been affected by frost has been cut, and has not apparently been depra ciated by the effects of the visitation. Crushing has now become general, and the density jn ?every case appears to be highly satisfactory. A corheskwbent of the Towtuville Herald, writing from the Cloncurry on the Sth instant, . <my3_:?"Railwayextension you must have, and nothing else j now is your time. Advocate the extension of a truisk line from Charters Towers to tho Great Auotralian Copper Mine on the Cloncurry, via Hughenden. You would then tap country unequalled in Australia for pastoral purposes, as well as cpen up the vast amount of wealth that is now lying dormant in the mineral mines in and around Cloncurry. I have recently traversed from Hughenden to the Cloncurry, a distaEce of nearly 280 miles. I was astonished to see such country, and more so to think that so little is known about it. From the time you leave Hughenden, and until you arrive within a few miles of tho Cloncurry goldfield, one vast prairie of rolling downs meets the eye until it becomes quite monotonous travelling over it. Picture to yourself the amount of stock such country would graze, every inch proving avail- able. Only once get a railway out here, what a grand country you will be ? If ever tho railway does reach this far, a Large mining population will be settled on this field. The Bound of stampers will be heard echoing from hill to hill ; large townships would quickly spring up, and give employment to the agriculturist as well as to the miner. This field will he iu existence when many now being worked are things of the past. It^has already proved auriferous for fifty milos in one direction. Nothing fresh to report. M'Leod and party expected in shortly. I will advise any fresh find.' J. Vii by gee 