OTJll FUTUBE MEMBEH. \' ; v TO Till! ijDITOll OF 'TJIIS ', OYMI'IIS 'J'IMMS.' Sm, — During tho past few w'u»ks thero has Ijaon a groat deal of controversy on the ' imbjoct of ' Ourji'utuio Mo nbor.' Now, sir, tho person who iihpiros to bo a mpmbur of Parliamout roquiros a groat many quahfioii turns to fit him for such a responsible position. Ho must bo a good orator, havo tho interests of h 's co nstituonuy. thoroughly at heart, must bo a man of un blomished moral chnvaetor, and above all a man of honest straightforward principles-'. Up to tho prosont time only two candidates havo coma forward to roprosont this Electorate., Mr. John Hamilton jand Mr. Jamus M'Ghio. Of thu former, gontloman, tho loss said about him, tho bettor, as judging from his past carojr 1 do not think him at all n proper punum to rojircsout itii. Mr. ..M'Ghio is cortainly aditViro.it stylo of man, and has done somo good for Gympio m his timo, but from a oortain local t-ognomo.i which has boon aooorde.l him, I do not think ho is to be dopendod on at all events iu tho ab.sunoo oi a hottor man ho is cortainly far profor.iblo ly John Hamilton.' , Now, sir, I do not thiuk wo.nood gosofni; from homo for i-omo onu to roproBont us. 'If w- could only induco Mr. 1\ I. Powor to oouu. forward 1 am .sure wu would }--- honestly anil faithfully roprosoutod.' He is a good 'debatur, a pronimontciti/on, a hugo mmmg spoeulator, imd a univonul tavonto, (osiioeially with tho ladies) His political views aio in aceordanco wmi the lutoioslsot Gjmpio, and ho is a mau that is likiih to command tho lospoof of tlio House What/ moio do wo want in 'Our Momboi ?' It ho would ouly come toi waul 110 one olso woulil -.land tho ghost ot u i banco, (iiotinonMr lEoiaioTnjffli, who upeut AoO tor tho benefit ot tin j c uuui'iiiitj , and who is also a gioat ' li'ioneh 'iihol u ') I am atianl though Mi Powoi will not bo nblo to ufloul tho timo ti oui his piolirtjHim, bji ll ho 'could ho -would w ltuout doubt be ln'-iinlud b\ a hug) mijout' ) ? I HU S1I,*,JOU1S tl ll\, 1th No\ ember, 1878 ?? 