X N1Q-ET Wll K iliE JVOIR A QggSTS. \-- 3 It hits been my misfortune to have boon iii the duys of my childhood placed under the care of an old woman, who had a wonderful store of glnst and fairy loro, which she took groat delight in recounting to me. I don't know if,Mary believed herself, in all the marvellous tains of ghosts, fairies, and kelpies' with Which she tilled iny youthful nlind, but be this as it may. those stories of hor'3 liavo left an iihpression that time qr change, weal or woe, have not been able to efface. Sinco then anything of the super natural sets my blood aglow ; and I am seized with an intensa lotigiiig td go and sed it. Sortie niontiis itgo, \Vllen. stories of a haunted hut on the Moira station were at their height, when some men were in a state bordering on frenzy about it, having care fully arid impartially considered nil tlie evi dence I could collect, I could come to ho other conclusion than that the haunted hut aiid its fait visitof was, to use tlie wdrds of a great Eilglish jildge on.a: very ; different occasion; a shall), a delusion; and a sHaro ; and in this opinion I should have continued had it not been for the following event. A few days ago, when journeying from Moama to Redbnnk, I saw a man approach ing me, and as he came nearer I could see he was in a state of great excitement. {Evi dently some misfortune had happened to him, for his face was quite white, and every now and then he wiped off the perspi ration, which kept rolling down his forehead in huge drops. I determined to speak to him. " What has happenol, mato V' says I. "Oh, I'm kilt intirely,!' replied he, "I slept in the ghost's .?hut, bad luck to it, last night, and the life was frightoned clane out of me." " Then you saw the old lady,'' in quired I. "Old lady, do ye inane?" re plied he,." aye, and an old man, too ; and I wish to God I had nover gone next or near it,' for what I saw will haunt me till my dying day." Hooked at him attentively, to see if he had. been after a drinking bout, fori have been told men are then subject to delusions, but I could , see no sigu of drink upon him. True, he looked a queer little l.ish gentleman, and knowing, as I d«, that the bump of imagination is largely developod iii Puddyj I put him through rather a' severe cross-examination, which failed to : shake him, all his answers being clear, distinct, : and to the point. As ' I rode rode away from him, I pondored on his* story, which differed materially from tlie previous stories I liad heard. ETo declared positively he saw two - a. man and a woman.. The other ghostitcs saw only one-a woman-and his descrip tion of her differed much from theirs. But, come what might, I determined to sleep that night in the haunted hut, to see and judge for myself. Having got through my business in Red bank, borrowed a blanket from a friond, and got a wee drop-only a woo drop-of whiskey in a bottle to keep, as Paddy would say, "the diril out of my stomach" till morning, I turned my. horse's head in tlio direc'.ion of the haunted hut. As I rode along, some how'or other, the days of my childhood seemed to rise up before me. I re called many of my old nurse's marvellous. There is nothing about its situation 'that would inspire the pencil of an artist, or the pen of a poet. Its an iron hut of pretty tolerable dimensions, and like all iron fabrics lias a cold, cheerless look. Facing the door is a belt of box and oak trees, and to the back, is a plain with scarcely a blade of grass upon it. If it is devoid of tlie picturesque outside, it is totally devoid of comfort within The first thing that meets the eye as I enter, is a large hole in the left hand corner. Thii is where the alleged child is supposed to - be buried You can see at once, that someone, in whom tlie bump of curiosity was largely devoloped, had been doing a bit of exploring. ! To my mind it was a wanton act; the act of one who had lived long out of the "pale of civilization;" whoso only society must have been aboriginal, and. whose only 'fond a damper. Having spread my blanket in the right hand corner of the hut, taken a wee, drop out of the bottle, and lighted my pipe, I prepared to await coming evonts. I can't say how long i had been waiting, for I may dozed off, when I heard the noise-of foot steps outside. Nearer and nearer they came till I could hear the door open almost with out an effort. I peered through the dark ness but could only see two figures, one appeared to be that of a man, the other that of a woman. They made straight for tho corner' where the alleged child's grave is situated. For a moment everything was dark and still, but all of a sudden a blueish light seemed to rise at their feet and flit abi>ut tlieni, and ever and anon this bluish light kept rising aud flitting about them and I could see them distinctly. There they stood, a man and woman. Tlie woman was the nearer to me. She was about the middle height, and stout, almost to corpulence, i r-Ier face, was of an oval shapo and much burned by exposure to the sun, lier liair was dark, and. hung down her back in long tresses; the mouth large and coarse, the fore head low and narrow, and her head which was adorned with a Napolean-ahaped felt hat, was much sunk betweou lier shoulders. She had on a long loose dark rube, and. as she stood there, with one hand resting upon the shoulder of the man, her appearsnce was an imposing one. When I looked at liim a cold chill crept over me. I luvo seen some strange sights iii my time, but a mure strange and grotesque looking object I have never before witnessed. He was tall of stature, and had that lean and hungry look tliac Oeyarso much dislikod in OiusiiH. He was old, too, for his face and neck were much puckered, and, jndging from his beard, one side of which was perfectly white, while the other was of a dark color, this earth must have been to him a vale of tears.- If his ap pearance was strange, liis garb was stranger still,. Upon his head lie wore an old Turkish cap, with a long b'ack tassel ; his trousers wore of | blue cl"th, aud were tucked inside a long pair of Wellington boot«,.and thrown across his shoulders was a large rug, which appeared to have been made fiom tho skins of some wild animals, 'r'-.v : I watched them botii attentively, aud could see her lips moving, but could not catch what was said, thuir voices being so low and weak. I attempted, .to speak, but my tongue failed to move, the, cold perspira tion poured down my forehead, aud my liair seemed as if it stood . on lend.??. At' last they moved towards the door, and I crawled after them. . When outside, the iu»n gave r. shrill whistle, and two horses came bound ing out of tho timber. One of them was gray, the other- perfectly black. The woman mounted the gray, the man the black one, and both disappeared from my sight like a flash of lightning. After this I. must have, fainted, for when I woke I foil lid myself lying outside the hut, and I must have been long there, for the sun was above the tops .of the trees'. Having caught my ,horse, I returned to IVroama, inwardly vowing never, flfrnin f.n rrn rrlinqh.flnolrinir' ; R. M. D. GHASHHOPPKKS AT SAXDOOBST.-Tlio Ben digo Advertiser states tlmt on Wednesday evening, between nine and tan o'clock, Sand hurst was visited by a treiuondons crowd of grrsahoppers, which seemol to travel with tho wind from nor ill to 'south. In streets aromid tha Town Hall, .myriads of those ;pests covered tho ground, and filled the air in every direction,-making, an extraordinary noi^o. We shall probably hear directly of gardens having been devastated by these ruthless destroyers of everything green. Some years ago, it will he j re.meinbered, the city wiw visited liv a- continuing h-re.nil of tlieso pests; which overran tbe Oamp Re serve and the gardens of the city, <!:>ting up in >heir course .every.-vestige of ur<i<»i, an ! leaving uothing but t^e liare.'-Tth <ftir. .It is to be hoped <vu are imt ab' ut In siillur another visit troiu such u, multitude of those peslsjlhis year.- s - i '/: 