WESLEYAN CHURCH, FOREST- STREET. Last evening this church was re-opened by the holding of a special service, which was con ducted by the Rev. Dr. Gervase Smith, of England. The want of additional accommo dation has been for some time felt in connection with the Forest-street Wesleyan Church, and in order to meet, this necessity it was decided some months ago by the authorities to make extensive additions to the building; while these were being carried out services wore being conducted in the Masonic Hall. The additions have been Hladetothe western end of the oUurch, which liow is 89 feet in length inside with a length of gallery of 100 feet. The width of the old building is 3!l feet and of the additions 5S feet. The foundation lias a Milestone base, the walls are built of brick, the outer facing being white, and lend to tho structure a much more pleasing effect than what Mould the common red brick generally used in this city. On the south side a vestry '20 feet by IS feet has been erected, with a class-room on the second floor of exactly the same dimensions. At the western cud the choir gallery is located; it is 21 by 28 feet in dimensions and of octagon shape. There are now four entrances to the church; two in front, facing Forest-street, one on the north, and the fourth on tho south side of the building. The two last named have arched porches, from which granite winding staircases lead to the gallery and choir-gallery. Most extensive alteration:) have beeu made in tho interior tittiugs of the whole church. The polisher and painter have been set to work iu every direction, and with a result that gives tho appearance to all the llttings of being ueiv. Tho front of the gallery lias been tastefully deeontted with iron tracery of an elegant pointed design; it is painted a light mauve with reliefs iu white and crimson, and the ornamental tracings are tinted a bright bronze, producing a very choice harmony of color—light, yet substantial looking ^characteristic of church architecture in this city. The principles supporting tho gallery and the roof aro oak-grained; the ceiling is painted a delicate pale grey, with which color the iron columns supporting the gallery has also been painted. The tracery windows are glazed a light blue cathe- dral glass, and all the windows in the church are to be of cathedral embossed glass of diamond pattern. Mr. J. Bull, of View Point, has been entrusted with the work of painting and decorating, and he lias shown the utmost good taste in the carrying out of the work. The old pulpit lias been much improved in appear ance; it is ascended by a flight of nine steps, is supported by Corinthian columns, and when completed will have ornamental bannisters and extensively carved hand-rail. However, there is not much to bo done iii the way of decorating the church, the work being incomplete at present, though so far as it lias been carricd out it gives promise of making the interior one of the most elegant and tastefully designed in the city. We shall take occasion to refer moro in detail to the improvements made to tli is church when they have been conv pleted, though reference might now be made to .the sunlights erected by Mr. T. J. Connelly. These lights differ inatertally from any yet con structed >n the colony. The reflector is made hollow, which 1ms the effect of causing both an up and a down current of air, thus securing complete ventilation. The air passes into the reflector through elegant Gothic castings (in accordance with the architecture of the build ing), consisting of twelve panels, at each corner of which is a twisted column surmounted by a triple light. The top of the reflector is encircled with a neat corona, and within it is a circie of burners of fine illuminating power, lit by Mr. Connelly's well- known "pilot light." The design of the whole is appropriate, and the ap pearance very good, and reflects groat credit 011 tlio maker. When completed, the additions and alterations will have cost £"2,500, plans and specifications for which were drawn up by Messrs. Vahland and Getzschmann. The church last evening was crowded in all parts. Mr. Cattran acted as conductor to a large and efficient choir, which rendered some appropriate music during the service with much effect. The Rev. Mr. Bath offered apologies to the congregation for the inconvenience they would suffer through attending the church in its unlinished state, but there was only one of two alternatives for the committee and trustees to select, viz., cither to l:>se the opportunity of hearing the Rev. Mr. Smith preach on the pre sent occasion, or to inako the best of the build ing in its unlinished state and hold a special service. He also announced that on Sunday next three special services would bo held in the church, and a ioireo and public meeting on Monday. The Rev. G. Smith took for Ilia text the 1st chapter Sth verse of the Acts of the Apostles, "But ye shall receive power after that tlio Holy Ghost is como upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judca, and in Samarea, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." The prevcher said this chapter may be regarded as a supplement to St. Luke; both were the production of the same pen. The words of the text bore upon a promise which the apostle was to recoivc; they were not right in their views upon the spiritual kingdom of Christ; they thought He would show a tem poral dominion. The promise of informa tion on the subject had been made to the apostles, and one of them took the opportunity beforo ilia departure to ask "Lord, wilt tlion at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel ?" And he answered to them, " It is not for you to know tho times or the seasons which the Father hath put in his own power," but that they would receive power from the Holy Ghost, and that when given to them they were to labor "unto the uttermost parts of the earth " to extend the kingdom of which He was the head. Thus was presented to tile world the great system of Christian dispen sation than which none was moro beautiful, more .lasting, or more complete, Its inauguration was with the coming down of the Holy Ghost, and brought with it advantages, claims, and benefits which 110 other system of religion pre sented ; the New Testament was the record of this institution, and to which the Apostles always appealed. It was when tho Saviour, according to human oalculation, had attained the ago of thirty years that He proclaimed him self to bo tho Messiah, sought to abolish all previous dispensations, and to introduce n per fect, and, therefore, tho last one. The preacher sketched the three years of the Lord's ministry preceding His death, during which period Ho per [ formedin.iunierable acta of kindness wherever Ho went, submitting at the same time to tho con tumely of bad, and by-and-bye he died upon tho cross, that he might give immortal life to those who followed him, and mote out punish ment to those who deserved it. Christianity was the greatest fact the world had ever seen. It embodied the everlasting principles of truth; it claimed to be universal in its effect to sanctify and glorify the whole human race. Its greatest glory wa3 its interna! spiritual life. It was not a mau's body which made him a member of God's church; the Christian religion must be ■felt in the mind, the heart, tho soul of man to be known at all, and this was only felt through the agency of the Holy Ghost. What would the Church and its -services bs without the divine spirit ? A dry, perfunctory, useless thing. The two great characteristics of the Christian religiou were internal power, to which he had just alluded, and external diffusion. It was by the internal power of the spirit that the external diffusion was created, that thirsting after rightoousness arid panting for the living God. Without this spiritual power man could not do anything. It was this power given • to tho Apostles that enabled them to go out into the world and spread Chris tianity. It was the spiritual power that was the great want in the modern pulpit; tho history of any man's conversion to God was tho history of application of the spiritual power. Without this spirituality there would be no extension in the Church, and nevor were the prospects of Christianity brighter than now; no other system had shown such vitality, or was so universally suited. Mahomedism, if at ' tempted to be introduced into England, for in stance, would not live a week ; it must hare ilia Asiatic mind and climate, but there wrjj no spot on earth in which Christianity would not live; it was suited to all races, to all conditions below the angels and above tho brute creation. He counselled his hearers to seek the spiritual aid of the Holy Ghost, in order that they might secure the blessings ef an immortality of happi ness. The Church machinery was now oxten sire enough to save tho whole human race. There was not room left even to get in another wheel, however small, but what they at present required was the spiritual power, the blessing of the Holy Ghost, the downcoming of which was the earnest prayer of every Christian heart. At tho conclusion of the sermon a collection was taken up in aid of the building fund, and con tribution-cards were also distributed amongst the congregation. The New Political Party.—As was indi cated in the report of the intervir.w between our {Herald) representative and Messrs. Francis and Service, several moetings of the founders of the new political party have been held, and a pro gramme has been adopted, a leading item in which is Reform of tho Constitution. The de tails will not, of course, be made publio until a vacancy has been created for Mr. Francis. This, it is anticipated, will bo accomplished in a few days, in which case tho leader of the new party will announce his policy shortly after Mr. Berry has-placed the Ministerial policy beforo the country, which it is anticipated he. will do in his speech at Geeloug on Monday next. 