HISTORIC SLANG. " You cannot say Bo ! to a goose." How often have we relieved our feelings of irritation at the weakness of others by hurling this phrase at them? Had they only known its origin, they could have paid us back in our own coin, and made us feel very small indeed. But though we almost hesitate to arm them with a weapon which tliey may turn against ourselves, we must be conscientious, aud do what we have undertaken. The story is this : " When Ben. Jonson, the dramatist, was introduced to a nobleman, the peer was so struck with his homely appearance, that he exclaimed, " What ! you are Ben Jonson ? Why, you look as if you could not say Bo ! to a goose." " Bo !" ex claimed the witty dramatist, turning to the peer and making his bow. From geese we pass on to cats, which are very emblematic in slang, and in the phrase " Letting the cat out of the bag,' we are reminded of its thievish ancestry. " It was formerly a trick amongst country folks to substitute a cat for a sucking pig, and bring it in a hag to market. If any greenhorn chose to buy a pig in a poke- that is, a blind bargain, without examining the contents of the bag — all very well ; but if he opened the sack, ' he let the cat out of the bag,' and the trick was dis covered." And so the phrase passed into common use as applying to anyone who let out a secret. " Who will hell the cat ?" became another popular phrase, and is taken from the fable of the cunning old mouse who suggested that they should hang a bell round the cat's neck, so that due warning might be had of her approach. The idea was approved of by all the mice present ; there was only one drawback to it : " Who was to hang the bell rouad the cat's neck?" Not one of them was found ready to run the risk of sacrificing his own life for the safety of tho others, which is now the recognised meaning ot the pro verb. " Fighting like Kilkenny cats" is another slang simile, taken from a story that two cats once fought so ferociously in a sawpit that they left nothing behind them but their tails, which story is an al legory, and supposed to represent two towns in Kilkenny that contended so " stoutly about boundaries and rights to the end of the seventeenth century thatthey mutually impoverished each other." How common is that expression, " Oh, she is down in the dumps" — that is, out of spirits. This is a very ancient slang phrase, and is sup posed to be derived from Dumpos King of Egypt, who built a pjramid, and died of melancholy ;" so that the thieves and gipsies are not all to blame for having given us a few expressive words. We next come upon a word full of pathetie meaning for many of us ; it is the ghost that haunts us at Christmas time, and pursues us more or less throughout the maw ran?— if is i)\t> icfird "/Inn " Tt ic a word of consequence, tor it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word " dunan," to din or clamour. It owes its immortality — so tradition says — to having been the surname of Joe Dun a famous bailiff of Lincoln, in the reign of Henry YII., who was so active and dex terous in collecting bad debts that when anyone became " slow to pay," the neigli bours used to say, " Dun him" — that is, send Dun after him. " Draw it mild" and "come it strong" have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loud or 'gently. From this they passed in to synonyms forexaggerators and boasters, who are requested either to moderate their statements or to astonisli their audience. The word " coach" i« these days is a paiuful/y familiar one, as Barents know who have to employ tutors to assist tlieir sons to swallow the regulat ion amount of " cram" necessary for competitive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a pun upon the term " getting on fast." To get on fast you must take a coach ; j-ou cannot get on fast iu learning without a private tutor — ergo, a private tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is "a regular brick" -- that is, a jolh- good fellow ; and how the simile is logically de duced is amusing enough. A brick is " deep red," so a deep " read" man is a brick. To read like a brick is to read until you are deep "read." A deep read man is university phrase, a " good man a good man is a " jollly fellow" with non reading men ; ergo, a iolly fellow is a " brick."— -Chambers1 s Journal. 