THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. Since the failure of the Constantinople Conference in 1876 there has been no period in the history of the present difficulties in the East so big with importance and so fraught with anxiety to each and all of the great European Powers as that to which the news brought by the Siam relates. Times there have been in the past when popular excitement both at home and abroad reached a high pitch, and an open rupture between the great Powers feeling an active interest in the settlement of the Eastern Question has seemed imminent. In all such cases, however, the excitement and the prospect of war have been but of short duration, and some unexpected turn of events or bold stroke of policy has brought relief. Such, however, has not been the case in respect of the now famous Treaty of San Stefano. All negotiations between the Powers have proved abortive, measures of a character warranted only by the most extreme emergencies have been adopted, and up to the date of the departure of the mail each day seemed to widen the gulf which diplomacy had to bridge. The period has been one of prolonged suspense and anxiety and of constant alarms, presenting few or no features on which to base reasonable hopes of an amicable issue. The uncompromising attitude of the neutral Powers and the vacillating policy of Austria, whose alliance with England had been held to be secured by the community of interest and purpese of these nations, seriously enhanced the gravity of the situation, and gave rise to doubts and fears which the early rumours of disunion in the British Cabinet were little calculated to assuage. Furthermore, declarations of policy have been made and documents have been published by both Russia and England which mark a new phase of vital importance in the Eastern difficulty, and form a point of departure which must serve as the future basis of discussion on the questions that have as yet arisen out of the Russo-Turkish war. The distrust and suspicion of Russia occasioned by the secrecy of the peace negotiations at San Stefano were by no means allayed by the tone of the Russian replies to the proposals made by the British Government relative to the proposed Congress. Russia would commit herself to the acceptance of no preliminary terms acceptable to England, and reserved to herself "full liberty of appreciation and action." The only redeeming feature, indeed, in the lengthy correspondence which culminates with this unsatisfactory declaration is the assertion that the treaty of peace—"the only one that existed, for there was no secret engagement"—would be communicated in its entirety to the British Government. The position assumed by Russia was rendered the more unsatisfactory by her explanation that by the reservation to herself of liberty of action and appreciation was meant the power of accepting or not accepting the discussion at the Congress of questions raised by the other Powers. It is apparent that the Government could not listen to such a proposal, nor agree to enter a Congress which at the best could only prove abortive, and which in addition was likely to aggravate the complications of the situation. The implied disregard of existing treaties was moreover too serious a feature to be overlooked. When shortly after the close of the correspondence to which we have thus referred the anxiously-awaited disclosure of the terms of the San Stefano Treaty was made, it was found that the rumours which had previously gained currency had not overstated the exorbitant nature of the Russian demands nor the gravity of their effect upon European interests. The fragmentary information that has reached us from time to time has with sufficient accuracy indicated the purport of the treaty, the substance of which will be found elsewhere. It has been justly said that almost every one of its articles is a violation or an infringement of existing treaties. Briefly stated, its effect is to give to Russia almost complete supremacy over Turkey in Europe and a position in Asia Minor which practically places Turkey in Asia within her grasp. The Sultan, shorn of territory and authority, is reduced to "a condition of vassalage to Russia," and is weighted with the payment of an indemnity entirely out of his power to liquidate, unless by further cession of territory to Russia or the further recognition of Russian ascendancy. The navigation of the Danube and of the Dardanelles will virtually be brought under the control of Russia, whilst the acquisition of territory in Asia, including the fortress of Batoum, will likewise give her complete command over the Black Sea. The proposals relative to the creation of a new Bulgaria are also inimical to the interests of peace and to some extent prejudicial to British trade. A treaty containing such terms as these could not be regarded with indifference by England, nor could its consideration be undertaken upon the undefined terms proposed by Russia. More than this, the damaging disclosures made by Sir Henry Elliot, British Ambassador at Vienna, have gone far to show that Prince Gortschakoff has been playing a double part, having resolved at all hazards to withhold the Bessarabian question from the discussion of the Congress. It was at this perplexing juncture, while negotiations were in their most critical stage, that the long-threatened change in the British Cabinet occurred which proved the precursor of a most important step on the part of the Government. The disturbed state of affairs in Eastern Europe, then reduced to a condition bordering upon anarchy, and the avowed designs of Russia called for energetic and decisive action; and the measure was determined upon by the Cabinet which resulted in the resignation of Lord Derby, the then Foreign Secretary. "For the maintenance of peace" the army and militia reserve forces were called out, and Lord Derby finding himself unable to concur in these extreme steps severed his connection with the Government. His resignation occasioned the liveliest satisfaction to the war party, who nourished hopes that his secession from the Ministry would mark the beginning of a more active, if not an aggressive, policy on the part of the Government. The late Foreign Secretary's explanation of the reasons prompting him to resign his office are so vague as to afford but little information on the exact points at issue between himself and his colleagues. It is, however, sufficiently apparent that the resolute policy of the majority in the Cabinet was distasteful to him, and to allow of its being carried out his resignation was inevitable. An alteration in the personnel of the Government at any critical period in its foreign relations is, as a general rule, most hazardous, but in the present instance the change has been productive of salutary results. So far from plunging the country into "the immeasurable guilt of a causeless war," it rescued affairs from the muddle into which they were drifting. The calling out of the reserves and the promulgation of the masterly despatch of the Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Derby's successor, have, as subsequent events have shown, played no unimportant part in bringing about the renewal of the then interrupted negotiations for a Congress, and in placing affairs generally upon a more satisfactory footing. Throughout Europe the circular of Lord Salisbury created a profound and for the most part favourable impression. It was a manifesto worthy of the country, presenting, as it did, in a concise and intelligible form the determinate expression of the national will. Unaggressive yet firm in tone it traversed the whole of the Treaty of San Stefano, laying bare with unsparing minuteness the insuperable objections to its terms, not only on the score of British interests, but also in consideration of what is best for Europe at large. In language too plain to be misunderstood it placed on record the irrevocable determination of the Government not to accept "any partial or fragmentary examination" of the terms of the treaty of peace. Its outspokenness has secured for it the appreciation of Europe. Prince Gortschakoff's reply following rapidly upon the Marquis of Salisbury's important communication, although equally unaggressive in tone, cannot be regarded as indicative of an honest desire to meet frankness with frankness. It is almost apologetic in its character, and it glosses over the objectionable features in the treaty in a manner which although not without effect utterly fails to meet the arguments of the Foreign Secretary. His reiterated refusal to assent to the proposals for a Conference as propounded by England evidenced more than ever the necessity for decisive action and the wisdom of the step to which the Government had committed itself. The discussion provoked by the Royal Message calling out the reserves in both Houses—an important feature in the events of the month—was not without its influence either. The brilliant speech made by Lord Beaconsfield met, it is said, with much disfavour at St. Petersburg, and there can be no doubt of its having been a timely intimation to Russia of the resolute policy of the Government. It called forth a powerful address from Mr. Gladstone in defence of Russia, but the Liberal leaders as a whole made no attempt to challenge the policy of the Ministry, a fact which is attributable rather to the disunion in their ranks than to a praiseworthy desire to leave the Cabinet unfettered at so critical a juncture. The debate on the address in the Commons in reply to the Queen's Message respecting the calling out of the reserves was distinctly challenged in amendments submitted by Sir Wilfrid Lawson and Sir George Campbell, the former of whom persisted in pressing his to a division, despite the protest of Lord Hartington and the moderate men of the party. It has been shown by subsequent events that the action of the Government has been greatly instrumental in bringing about a state of affairs pointing to a peaceful solution of existing troubles. Contrasted with the momentous matters to which we have thus been alluding, the domestic news of the month is unimportant. When the mail left the conflict between employers and employed in Lancashire, which has now reached such formidable dimensions and has developed such sensational features, had not been entered upon. Dulness in trade and sluggishness in manufacturing industry certainly prevailed, but it was not until some days later that the open rupture took place between operatives and millowners which has since assumed so menacing a form. One of the most noteworthy events recorded is the foundering of the Imperial training-ship Eurydice, with the loss of every soul on board except two of the seamen. The causes of this lamentable occurrence are still enveloped in mystery, but a strict official enquiry is being instituted into the whole of the circumstances. It is unfortunate in the interests of the investigation that not one of the officers has escaped to tell the tale of the disaster or to explain how it is to be accounted for. It is known that the vessel was under full sail and that the weather was somewhat rough, but in neither of those facts is to be found a reasonable explanation of the casualty. Coming as it does so soon after the loss of the Captain and other naval catastrophes, the event has deepened the national impression that all is not right in the construction of men-of-war in the Imperial Dockyards. Full details have come to hand regarding the assassination of the Earl of Leitrim. It appears to have been a most deliberate and coldblooded outrage, but the murderers can plead in extenuation of their crime that the Earl was a hard taskmaster and ruled his tenants with a rod of iron. The Irish national papers, while not attempting to justify the brutal act, take advantage of the opportunity for pointing a moral for the benefit of tyrannical landlords. As bearing upon this matter, it may be mentioned that Mr. Butt has finally resigned the leadership of the unruly crew who rejoice in the title of Home Rulers. Some of these gentry have again been distinguishing themselves in the Commons by their obstructiveness, the measure against which they have been directing their misguided energies being the Sunday Closing Bill for Ireland. Hour after hour they have talked against time, and there is too much reason to suppose that their obnoxious tactics will not only be effective against this attempt at useful legislation, but will serve to keep down to a minimum the practical results of the session. The British Budget, which was introduced by Sir Stafford Northcote on April 4, has excited comparatively little notice and singularly little opposition. The total revenue for last year is stated to have been £79,763,298, being an excess of £617,298 over the estimate. This excess is due to a higher receipt than was anticipated from Customs, stamps, land tax and house duty, income tax, Post-Office, the telegraphs, and some other sources of income. The expenditure for the twelve month reached £78,903,495 irrespective of the sum of £3,500,000 spent on account of the war credit, which brought the outlay up to the enormous total of £82,403,495. The estimated receipts for the current year amount to £79,460,000, and expenditure to £81,019,819, leaving a deficiency independently of extraordinary liabilities of more than a million and a half. The Chancellor's proposal to increase his revenue by the simple expedient of clapping on an extra twopence on the income tax, an additional 4d. a lb. on the tobacco duty, raising the charge to 3s. 6d., and an extra 2s. 6d. on the dog tax, thus increasing the rate to 7s. 6d., has excited a little clamour out of doors, but the Commons have accepted it without any strong show of resistance. The new imposts it is reckoned will bring in £3,500,000, or sufficient to liquidate the anticipated deficiency and to supply a couple of millions sterling for contingencies. From our special correspondence it will be seen that when the mail left the preparations for the Paris Exposition were in a very backward state, but splendid use must have been made of the two or three weeks intervening between the 12th and the 30th April, for it would appear that the opening day found the exhibitors in a state of reasonable forwardness with their arrangements. Our correspondent gives a pleasing picture of the South Australian Court as it was and as it was intended to be. Considerable inconvenience, we believe, has been felt through the absence of a proper official catalogue of exhibits from the colony, and some explanation on the subject should be forthcoming. The Prince of Wales has been earning golden opinions in Paris, his unaffected geniality and frankness having completely won the hearts even of the Republicans of the French capital. Australian affairs have been receiving a large amount of attention in England. South Australia has been brought prominently into notice through the visit to London of Sir William Jervois, who it is evident has promptly and faith fully discharged his promise to call the attention of the proper authorities to the requirements of the colony in matters of defence. The full papers connected with the Victorian crisis have come to hand, and show distinctly that the Colonial Office, if not deliberately misled from first to last by Sir George Bowen, has not been placed in a proper prosition to judge impartially of the state of the case. The crisis, although it is nominally, dead, still lives in its effects, and Sir George Bowen, instead of having surmounted his difficulties has only reached the beginning of them. Sir Michael Hicks-Beach is evidently inclined to take as lenient a view as possible of the Governor's action, but justice demands that retribution should follow him on account of the eccentricity and unjustifiable course he has seen fit to pursue. The Parliament and Press of England are clearly intent upon probing the matter to the bottom and extracting from the bitter experience of the sister colony some useful lessons for the benefit of British dependencies in general. The Cable Confererce.—It is with, much pleasure we are able to announce that the Cable Conference has not proved fruitless. The proposal made by Colonel Glover on behalf of the Eastern Exten sion Company, to which we adverted in Saturday's lieghtcr, has been accepted, and a duplicate cable is to be laid down be tween Port Darwin and Singapore, skirting ' the shores of the island of Java. Tho annual subsidy to be paid to the Cornpany who have also undertaken to lay a seconu cable between Penang and Singapore at their own expense, amounts to £32,000, to be divided rateably amongjtho colonies according to population. Tho Com pany have also agreed to con siderable reductions in the tariff foe Government and Press messages, tho former of which will be charged for at one-half and the latter at a quarter of tho previous rates. It is to be regretted that the decision of the Conference was not more unanimous than it appears to havo been. Of the five colonies represented tho delegates of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales voted together for Colonel Glover's proposal, whilst the Queensland delegates voted against it. A written protest was, however, handed in by Sir J. M. Wilson, the Tasmanian representative, on the ground that neithoc Tasmania nor New Zealand obtained ad vantages under the arrangement arrived at. The action of the Queensland dele gate is neither surprising nor unex pected, but it is difficult to conceivo on what grounds it can bo argued that neither Tasmania nor New Zoa* land will benfit by tho duplication of the Port Darwin line — a project which they were understood at first to regard with favour. Whatever may be theie reasons, their action and that of tho Queensland delegates need givo no cauao for apprehension as to the outcome of tho negotiations. It affords ground for con* gratulation that New South Wales, Victoria, and South Australia havo bo ' far reconciled their differences as to have arrived at so satisfactory a decision as that reported in our telogram. Thora can be no doubt that even should Queens* land and Tasmania persevere in theic ' refusal to join .in the scheme the other: three colonies will find themselves in a position to carry out the undertaking oa their own account, and a settlement of. the questions affecting the land lino will be arrived at more readily. Under tho mode of computing the contributions to the duplicate line agroed upon by tho delegates South Australia's liability cannot in any case much exceed £5,000 a year. As regards the duplica tion of the hind line no decision has been reached by the Conference. ' Aa already reported, a proposal was made by the Queensland delegates for a lino from Normanton to the Roper River and thenco to Port Darwin, but this elaborate scheme was not entertained. It would certainly have been more satisfactory had somo arrangement been come to in reference to the South Australian overland line, regard being had to the friendly disposition of the three colonies which have supported the duplication of the Singapore and Port Darwin cable ; but it is a matter which cannot fail to receive attention as soon as the former project is carried out, when the necessity for guarding against interruptions on the overland line will bo rendered tho mora apparent by the efficiency of the cablo communication. A great point has been gained, which we trust will provo tho means of bringing the colonies which havo thus exhibited their willingness to co operate with one another into closer relations, to the material benefit and advancement of all. The Cable News.—The diplomatic mission of the Russian Ambassador, Count Schouvaloff, to St. Petersburg is not yet accomplished, and it will be some days before the decision of the Czar, upon which depend such important issues, is made known to the British Government. It is stated that Count Schouvaloff upon his return to London will place before the Government propositions of the gravest importance. It is perhaps of some significance that these are to be represented orally and are not to be reduced to writing. It is a circumstance which gives rise to doubts as to the motives for this extreme cautiousness on the part of Russia, and bodes ill for the result of the negotiations. These, moreover, are not so direct as at first notified. On his way to St. Petersburg the Russian Ambassador visited Berlin, where he had an interview with Prince Bismarck, presumably with the object of communicating officially with the Imperial Chancellor on the subject of the renewed negotiations, and it is stated that before proceeding to London Count Schouvaloff will pay another visit to Prince Bismarck. A fresh semi-official proposal is said to have emanated from Russia to overcome the difficulties which threaten the dissolution of Turkey. It is suggested that Bosnia should be ceded to Austria, and that an administrative autonomy should be granted to the Christian population, who, it is proposed, shall pay tribute to the Porte. It is, however, scarcely probable that such a proposition will be entertained by the Great Powers or by the Porte. The position of affairs in Turkey has not changed for the better. No news reaches us as to the insurrection in Roumelia, but it is stated that reinforcements of Russian troops have arrived at San Stefano, and Valentino Baker Pasha and the other English officers of the Porte are taking active steps for the defence of the capital. Another attempt at administrative reform is being made by the Sultan, but it is not stated in what direction the improvement is to be made, nor can great reliance now be placed upon the capacity of the Turk to carry out any intentions of the sort. The refusal of the Porte to surrender the fortresses in Bulgaria to the Russians is now justified by the assertion that in terms of the Treaty of San Stefano the fortresses are to be ceded to Bulgaria and not to Russia. The would-be assassin of the Emperor of Germany has been arrested, and proves to be a Socialist. The incident has seemed to call forth overwhelming evidence of the affection with which the Emperor is regarded by his subjects. A motion censuring the action of the British Government in employing Indian troops in Europe has been tabled, but its discussion will not take place until the 27th instant, on which day the Chancellor of the Exchequer has undertaken to submit his estimate of the cost of the expedition. Notice of a similar motion has also been given in the House of Lords. A review has been held at Aldershot, at which Her Majesty the Queen inspected a division of 13,000 troops, who were also to be inspected by the Duke of Cambridge on Saturday last. A distressing phase in the Lancashire strike is developing itself. The employers have held a meeting at Manchester at which they resolved not to allow the questions at issue between themselves and the operatives to go to arbitration, but to insist upon the original terms. In various parts of the cotton districts serious riots have taken place. At Blackburn a house was burned down and mills were wrecked, and at Accrington private houses were attacked. The assistance of the police was called in, and they were compelled to fire upon the mob, when five persons were injured. At Blackburn order was restored by the military and many arrests were made. It is a relief to learn that there is a prospect of an early settlement of the dispute, although it is not indicated in what manner this is likely to be effected. It is reported that Lord John Russell is seriously ill, and his recovery is not expected. His Lordship is now in the eighty-sixth year of his age. Proposed Changes in South-Eastern Europe.—We publish to-day two sketch maps of South-Eastern Europe, the one showing the boundaries of Turkey in Europe and Asia and of its dependencies as defined prior to the late Russo-Turkish war, and the other giving the new boundaries proposed to be created by the terms of the Treaty for Peace concluded at San Stefano between the Czar and the Sultan. A glance at the two maps is sufficient to reveal the magnitude of the changes that will be effected if the alterations proposed by Russia are carried out. Turning first to Turkey in Europe it will be seen that the most important change is that relative to the creation of a new Bulgaria. The southern boundary of Bulgaria strikes the Black Sea at a point south of the Balkans, and after running still further south for some miles mounts towards the north again and winds round Adrianople, thence proceeding almost due east for some miles when it again runs to the south, traversing the Rhodope Mountains and striking the Ægean at a point close to Yenidje. Thence it skirts the sea coast embracing Salonica, but leaving out the peninsula of Cassandra, after which it again runs eastwards to the heart of Albania, rising from there in a northwesterly direction to the frontier of new Servia, along the boundary of which it runs until it strikes the Danube—which forms the natural northern boundary of Bulgaria—a few miles above Widdin. On the north-west the Black Sea and the frontier of the Dobrudscha mark its boundary. Roumelia proper is thus restricted to an insignificant tract of country, with but one stronghold—Adrianople—the value of which to the Turks is minimized by the extension of the Bulgarian boundary so far to the south of it as to stretch an effectual barrier between it and Constantinople. The mountain passes to the east are also traversed by the Bulgarian boundary. Valuable seaports on the Black Sea and Ægean and fortresses in the interior are delivered over to Bulgaria. The portion of Bessarabia which is demanded from Roumania in exchange for the Dobrudscha is defined by a line drawn south from Kischeneff to a little below Galatz, which is left to Roumania. The southern boundary of Bessarabia is proposed to be extended so as to comprise the Kilia mouths of the Danube and take in the important fortresses of Ismael and Kilia, thus placing the control of the navigation of the Danube at this point completely in the command of Russia. It is also stipulated in the Treaty that all Danubian fortresses shall be razed,, so that the position of Russia at the delta of the Danube will be exceptionally strong. The proposed accessions to Montenegro and Servia, at the expense of Turkey, and especially to the former, are are considerable. Amongst other valuable acquisitions to Montenegro is the seaport of Antivari in the Adriatic. The new Bulgaria stretches between the reduced Roumelia and the dependencies left to Turkey. The changes in Turkey in Asia, although not so numerous, are none the less important. The Russian boundary is extended to the south-west, and annexes a large portion of Armenia. The boimdary-line starts from the Black Sea some miles below Batoum, which important port is ceded to Russia, and thence runs southward to the Persian frontier at a point to the south of Bayazid. Amongst other important strongholds comprised in this cession of territory, in addition to those we have mentioned, are Kars, Ardahan, and Dyadin. Oua Mail Despatches. — Through some alto gether unexplained circumstance our despatched by the Suez mail have miscarried. Fortunately the fall summaries and the long and interesting despatch from our London correspondent tele^ graphed to us from the Sound have already placed our readers in possession of the main facts of Jthe news brought by the mail, but the disappearance of the fuller despatches i3 exceedingly vexatious. In other columns will be found particulars of the chief events of the month obtained from various sources. For portion of what appears elsewhere we are indebted to the Editor of the Argiis, who in \- reply to a request made by telegram gave n ready assent to the publication by us of the communication prepared for our Melbourne contemporary. A letter from our special cor respondent at Paris having reference to the great Exposition there has come to hand, and will be found in its proper place. Sib William Jkryois. — We publish elsewhere some extracts from English papers with reference to the presence of Sir William Jervois, G.O.M.G. in London. The Administrator of the Oor em- inent has courteously informed us that by advices received from Sir William he learns that His Excellency has taken berths for himself and family in the Lositania. which leaves England on the 28th June. The Stad Amsterdam arrived in London on 5th April, after 50 days' passage, including two days' stoppage at Lisbon. Fortu nately Sir Willum left her at Sue2 oa March 16, -when picking up the P. & O. mail train, he went through, via Alex andria and Brimlisi, to London. 'He was thin 12 days ahead of the Stad, and astonished his family by appearing at his London residence e urly on Sunday morning, the 24th March. Thb Cable Conference. — It will be seen by onr special telegrams that the sittings of the Cable Conference in Melbourne are over. It has been decided to accept the offer of the Eastern Extension Company to lay a second cable to Port Darwin, avoiding the bland of Java, and an additional line is also to be laid down between Penang and Singapore. The rates for Press messages are to be reduced to one-quarter the present charges, and those for Government tele grams to one-half. The reprvsjentativea of South Australia, Victoria, and New South Wales out voted the delegates from Queensland and Tas mania, and the representative of the latter colony has protested against the report on the ground that Tasmania and Naw Zealand will receive no advantages from the proposed dupli cation. Ladt and Miss Bltth.— At the Queen's Drawing Room, held on March 21, Lady Blyth was presented to Her Majesty by the Countess of Derby, and Mins Emily Blyth by her mother, Lady Blyth. Mb. Jcsticb Stow.— By the Fenola Mr. Justice Stow returned from his circuit in the South- Eartern District, accompanied by the Crown Solicitor, the Sheriff, and Mr. Fitzroy, Judge's Associate.^ Thb Chxxksb Famhtb.— The adjourned nvei rag in reference to the famine in China will take place at 2 o'clock this afternoon at the Town Hall Exchange Boom; The Ekquhh Mail— The RJkLS. Siam, which has on several occasions made fine passages and has the reputation if being one of the fastest boats in the P. & O. service, fulfilled expecta tions regarding this trip by making the quickest passage on record. In February Ia3t she exceeded any of her previous performance % but on this occasion she has done even better, and we have the mails via Brindisi in 35 days 10 hours, as against 37 days 10 hoars on her last inward voyage. The Siam left Galle on May 2 at 9.3 p.m. and experienced light vari able winds and cloudy weather as far as the Equator.. From thence to lat. 29° south moderate and fresh trade winds with a high sea prevailed, whence to King George's; Sound light east and north-east winds winds with fine weather were fallen in with. The Sound was reached on May 14, at 2.20 p.m., the run having occupied 11 days 12 hours 25 min. She left there at 8 p.m. on the same day. From thence to Glenelg there were moderate and fresh N. and N.N.E. winds, and cloudy. The steamer was sighted off Glenelg shortly before 6 a.m. on Saturday, May 18, heading in to the Jetty, the passage having occupied 3 days 14 hours 10 minutes. She took up a position well inside the hulk in smooth water, and anchored at 7 5 o'clock. Althoughtheactualsailingtitn*i» about nn hour and a half over the time occupied iu her last trip, yet the stoppage at the Sound was a little longer, so that the run from Galle, includ ing stoppages, is really about half an hour less. The steamer on being brought up was at once boarded by the officers. The mails were promptly transhiped in the Fairy and taken to the jetty in time to catch the 8.30 train to the city. There were only three passengers for Adelaide, but a number of those going further on landed, and took a run up to Adelaide to visit the Bo tanic Garden and other places of interest in the city. The steamer Eleanor towed the lighter York to the Siam, and the contingent of cargo for Adelaide was transhipped without delay. The steamer sailed shortly after 11 o'clock a.m. Matoh's Concerts. — The second of these concerts took place in the Town Hall on Satur day evening, and the citizens appreciating His Worship's munificence assembled in large num-- bers, and the reserve and free seats were both filled. The performance began with an organ overture, 'Oheval de Bronze,' by Mr. W. E. Pybus, which was followed by a well-sung duet, ' The Army and Navy,' by Messrs. J. W. and j G. F. H. Daniels. Mrs. Perryman then gave in her best style 'Kathleen Mavourneen,' for which she was encored, as was Mr. Mumme for his fine rendering of ' Let me like a soldier fall.' A trio by the Misses Playford and Spark man and Mr. J. W. Daniels was well sung, and the latter gentleman then gave the humorous song ' Love's Mistake' in such a laughable manner as to cause loud calls for an encore, but the singer informed the audience that the Mayor wished the concert to conclude by 10 o'clock, so no more encores would be allowed. A quar tette from '?Semiramide' brought the first part of the performance to a close. After the in terval Mr. Pybus played on the organ several Irish melodies, for which he was encored, when he substituted 'Home, sweet; home,' with variations. Mr. G. F. H. Daniels was lon-ily applauded for the manner in which he sang *? The Gallants of England,' and the duet, u Gently the breeze' (by Mrs'. Perryman and Miss Spark man) was well received. Mr. C. E. Mumme'a voice was heard to advantage in the song 'There is a flower that bloometh,' and Miss Playford gave in excellent style 'The Lost Chord.' 'Mr. J. W. Daniels followed with ' The Maids of Merry England,' and the sestet ' Stay, prithee stay,' brought a most pleasant evening's entertainment to a conclusion. Thb Temperance Gauss. — The annual ser vices in connection with the temperance cause were preached in the Temperance Hall, Tynte- : street, on Sunday afternoon, May 19, by the Eev. J. G. Wright, who took for his text ^the i words ' Whoso breaketh a hedge a serpent shall bite him,' part v. 8, x. Ecclesiastes. The rev. gentleman advocated total abstinence, and said drunkenness was not sufficiently condemned by society, while men who committed other crimes were scouted from its midst. An address on 'What can be done for temperance' was delivered the same evening in St. Paul's Church by the Very Eev. the Dean of Adelaide, who, in his opening remarks, pleaded for perfect freedom of choice in becoming total abstainers, and said that those who did not' pledge themselves should consider that they; were bound to help in every way in grappling with the evfl of intemperance. The preacher ' then remarked at some length upon the predis posiug causes of intemperance, such as impure air and excessive work, and spoke in favour of' sanitary reform, early closing, and half holidays as al! helping the cause of temperance. He then allu'Icd in severe terms to some of the existing drinking customs as, for instance, the habit ot drinking at very short intervals by travellers, '. the long lists of toasts at public dinners, and . the custom of drinking in small quantities at odd times during the day. The Dean con cluded by saying — ' The great, solemn, deeply religious conviction that must lie at the basis of all Temperance in bodily habits is this— thit ! Christ by taking the human body has sanctified , it, and we are not to desecrate it ; that the body of man is a temple of the Holy Ghost, and we are not to defile it, This as regards ourselves. And as regards others who are in sore need of' tiie help, who in this rocky pathway of life are lying wounded and half dead, that 'we are to' minister to them as the wounded members of Christ's body, not doubting that He will own it among the true works of the kingdom ; works of mercy, works of redemption, and say, ' Inas- ; much as ye did it unto the least of these, my \ brethren, ye did it unto Me.' In all such efforts : you are helping on the fulfilment of the S iviour's ; prayer that 'of those whom the Father had given Him sot one should be lost.'" Thb Adrlaidb Hoirr ? Club. — If the red coated gentry of the Adelaide Hunt Club, who so freely follow those active hounds which in their colonial canine inexperience are so easily beguiled into running down the trail of a red herring, had not the 'southerly wind and. cloudy sky' which the old song tells us ' pro claims a hunting morning,' they were favoured, with a lovely day on May 18, when they turned out for the first meet of the season. The drag had been taken over a line which promised good sport if not a long run, and there were some pretty trying jumps for the tail end and a few awkward bits of timber for the flyers. The hounds threw off at the north-east end of, the Old Encecourse, near the Grand Stand, and as the course of the run was in full view of South-terrace there was a large attendance of visitors in vehicles and on horseback, some of the turn-outs being very pretty. Those who were ' in pink' assembled about 2 p.m., and it was gratifying to admirers of a thoroughly English sport to see so many of the old Club present, and also the number who turned out in orthodox hunting garb. Amongst those who evidently meant ' business' were the Secretary; Mr. C. Hart, on Whitefoot; Mr. J. L. Stirling on Forest King ; Mr. A. Malcolm on Unknown ; Mr. J. Aldridge on After Dark; Mr. E. Turner on The Buck; Mr. Gwynne on Tambourine; Mr. H. Bickford on Drnmmoner; Mr. A. Bickford on Vanguard ; Mr. L. W. Bakewell on Hieover ; Mr. J. Barker on Jupiter ; Mr. H. Parr on Glencoe; Mr. H. Todd on Cigarette i Mr. Spicer on Flirt ; Mr. P. Wood on Corathum ; Mr. Pritchard on Rocket ; and a host of others, who swelled the galloping throng. Mr. A- Ji Baker, to whose liberality and careful manage-: ruent of the hounds during the off season the excellent way in which they took the field is due, was also present, in spite of the severe accident he sustained recently, but he was not well enough to follow. The hounds, after a, little preliminary casting round and coquetting with the scent, hit it off and stretched out in full cry across the greensward to the first jump; a double near the corner of South and E«st- terraces, where there was exhibited some pretty jumping by the best-known feHcers. The pace became very fast, and another rather stiff double was negotiated, taking the hunt across the roid continuation of Hutt-street, thence along the road past Parkside, ovsr the railway by the; crossing, then across another bit of timber into the South Park Lands, west of the Glenelg line, where a breather was allowed. A return was made over the same line of fences, and the finish took place near the Britannia. Throughout the pace was a rattling one, and the hounds went remarkably well. At the Parkside double there was a nasty drop, and Mr. Pritchard had an in voluntary dismount, but beyond the shaking did not hurt himself much. Mr. P. Wood was also compelled to vacate the pigskin, as his horse slipped, but he too sustained no injury and was well up at the finish. The little bay mtre Cigarette, in the hands of Mr. Todd, who was out for the first time with the Club, did remarkably well and took her jumps in good style. Trap Acctdknt.— Some excitement was caused in King William-street on Saturday morning by a horse bolting in a light trap from the Bank of Australasia, and when opposite Messrs. Hay and Co.'s shop, coming in contact with a spring-cart. A lad wko was in the trap was thrown oat and rather severely injured ; he was at once sent on to the Hospital. The vehicl* was also much damaged. Thb Ovhbiand Tklbgbafh. — The Deputy Postmaster-General informs us that communi cation on the Port Darwin line was restDrel at 4.30 p.m. on Sunday. The wire was broken about midway between Alice Springs and Char lotte Waters. The cause is at present unr known. A batch of English telegrams appear elsewhere. Adelaide and Scbcbban Tbascwat. — On Saturday morning, May 18, one of the tramway cars was run along the rails from Kensington towards town for a short distance an:l back by way of experiment. Mr. E. W. Wright, the Engineer of the line, Mr.E. T. Smith, and several of the employes of the Company were on the car, which ran along easily until by the inexperience of the driver it was run off the rails at a curve. The driver, instead of keeping his horse near the inside of the curve, pulled it to the outside and the car was ran off. On the return journey Mr. E. T. Smith took the reins to show how the horse should be managed, and the trip back was made without a check. The trial was made under some difficulties, as one of the men who was instructed to bring the rail cleaners for the purpose of removing loose stones which had got on the track during the work of lajingit down forgot to carry out his orders, and the car on one occasion came off, bat was easily put on again. Thb Local Military Fohcb. — Two troops of cavalry, two batteries of artillery, and seven companies of infantry were ordered out for brigade parade on Saturday. Lieutenant Colonel Mathews, assisted by Major Claxton coached up the artillery in the several move ments to he gone through on Her Majesty's Birthday. The cavalry and rifles threw out advance and rear guards and proceeded to the South Park Lands, and were put through the march past by Major Godwin, under the inspec tion of Celonel Downes, who pointed out the several faults of the different companies. At column distance some of them did fairly, but others looked more like the letter S than a straight line, as the Colonel blandly remarked, and in the double past the men were all over the ? place, the apparent reason being that they hardly yet catch the time of the double step when played by the Band or the knack of keeping' together by the touch in such a quick move ment. We notice amongst the general orders for the week that Captain Wigley, of the Ecierve Force, and Lieutenant Young, of the Mounted Bines, will act as aides-de-camp to the Colonel-Commandant on Friday. A Company, under command of Captain France, the Captain of the week, will form the guard of honour at the Levee. Waist-belts without side-arms are to be worn by those attending the Military Ball on Friday evening. Colonial Agents- Genbeal.— The different Agents-General (says the Home News) are husy with indents for defensive purposes. Notwith standing the immense pressure on the War Office, every attention and assistance are being rendered to the Australian Colonies. The Engineer Sttbvetoe. — This officer under the Marine Board, Mr. J. G. McCulloch, CJE. has received news by this mail of his recent election as a member of the Engineers and Ship builders Association, Scotland. Me. Severn's Lectures. — Mr. Severn will deliver his first of a series of lectures under the auspices of the Council of Education at the Town Hall this afternoon. Vehicle Accident. — Mr. Pond, the manager of the Gilbert-street vinegar manufactory, met with a severe accident on Sunday afternoon, May 19. He was driving with some friends along the Kensington-road, and when opposite Mr. W. 0. Buik's house the trap by some means capsized, the occupants being thrown out and Mr. Pond breaking his leg. He was at once taken into Mr. Buik's, where medical assistance was procured and the fractured limb set. TheDeathatBatswatbb. — The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, JJP.), having made enquiries on Saturday morning, May 18, as to the death of an infant child of H. Clifford, at Bayswater. decided that an inquest was unnecessary, and accordingly gave a certificate of burial. ' Disttebahcb Amomost Aboriginals.— On ; Friday evening the poliGe received information I that a serious quarrel had occurred amongst a, number of blacks at present located at Belair, near Mitcham, the consequence of their having; by some means obtained a quantity of drink.) Two troopers were dispatched to the spot, but on their return on Saturday they reported that! the information received had been exaggerated, as beyond holding a corroboree the blacks created no disturbance and committed no damage. ! Death of a Child. — On Saturday night a.' man named Bruno Eadestack reported to Mr. T. j Ward, J.P., the City Coroner, the death without; medical attendance of his child three weeks old.; Mr. Ward visited the house on Sunday morning' to make enquiries, and finding that Dr. Gorged had attended the mother in her confinement and; had given a certificate considered an inquest unnecessary. New Skating Eink.— An advertisement else where notifies that a new skating rink is now in; course of construction near the York Hotel, and will be opened in a few days. The building, it is stated, has been specially designed for the purpose and will have a composite floor, which; is the kind most approved of for rinks in England. Athletic Sports. — Mr. Frank Hewitt's cham pion meeting at the Exhibition Grounds on Satnrday afternoon, May 15, was a success. Mr. W. K. Simms, MJ?., and Mr. W. Harvey, J.P., acted as Judges, and Dr. Peel as Starter. Mr. Simms, jun., also rendered great assistance, and Mr. Jas. Mace, in his capacity of timekeeper, gave every satisfaction. About 600 persons were present during the afternoon. The first event, the boys' race, was won rather easily by a very pro- mising athlete— Curtin, who accomplished the distance in 11½ sec, beating Baker by about two yards. The first heat for the Champion Cup was won by H. Saddler (5 yards), J. Hogg (6 yards), being second. The second heat produced a great surprise in 0. Inman (14 yards) beating Hewitt, scratch, by about four feet. The final heat was eventually won by Inman, who finished about two yards in front of the champion. Time — 10 sec. The one-mile flat race brought out five starters, but before two laps had been traversed there only remained three in the race with any prospect of success. Francis (scratch) gradually overhauled and passed his opponents, and eventually won with ridicu lous ease by about 20 yards It was a very slow race from start to finish, Francis beating -the whole of his opponents before half the distance had been covered. Cox ran a good race, but wos not in condition. Time — 5 min. 25 sec. The backward race fell through, the handicap being considered too good a thing for Morcom, who was to start at scratch. The second event for the Cap— 220 yards— produced some of the finest running ever seen in Adelaide. The first heat was won by Hogg by about two yards, Saddler and Inman running a terrific race for second place, and although it looked like a dead heat the Judge awarded second honours to Saddler. The second heat was considered an easy thing for the champion, but Silitoe running with great gameness was only beaten by a foot, Minnie being third. The two-miles walking match produced a splendid finish, and was eventually won by Eldridge (scratch). It was not till within 100 yards of the tape that Eld ridge succeeded in passing Walker, and the latter coming again with a game spurt, cries of ' Walker wins' were heard from the crowd ; but Eldridge was equal to the occasion, and suc ceeded in beating him on the tape by a yard. The final heat for the 220 yards was then run off, and resulted in a dead heat between Silitoe and. Hewitt, Saddler being a good third. Time — ? 24 sec The points for the trophy now stood — Hewitt 7, Inman 5, Saddler 4, Silitoe 4. The 440 yards, run in one heat— the last event of the Cap— was won by Minnie (25 yards), with Bawhey (24 yards) second, and Saddler (17 yards) third. This result added two more points to Saddler, thus making him 6. Mr. Hewitt was declared the winner, but, as was stated in the conditions, it was handed over to the second man— Saddler — who was loudly cheered when the result was announce i. A race between, two ponies produced a greit deal of amusement, and was won easily by Lans dowae. The arrangements were not 85 satisfac tory as could be desired, the explanation being the hurried manner in which the sports were got up. Stealing Fbctt at Gawlbb. — A couple of urchins were brought before the Gawler Police Court on Saturday morning charged with the offence of stealing fruit from, the shop of Mrs. Penna, in Mnrray-«treet. The charge, though of a trivial character, was sustained, and pro ceeding* were taken in consequence of the numerous depredations now annoying the resi dents. The defendants, William Thompson and William Devine, were however, discharged, as the prosecutrix did not wish to press the case, this being their first offence. Mr. Hawkes, S.JL, presided, Abcheht.— The last and champion prize meeting in connection with the Adelaide Archery Club was held on St. Peter's College grounds en Saturday afternoon, May 18. The weather being propitious there was a large attendance both of members and onlookers. Oa the whole the shooting was excellent. It not only showed a wonderful improvement in the proficiency lately attained by the members, of the Club, but it also excelled any scoring that has been made for a long time. One notable feature in connection with the meeting was the fact that Mrs. Wright made a flight of three goals, an achievement which according to the rules of the Club entitled her to receive Is. from each member. The champion prize, a gold bracelet, was also won by this lady, who scored 27 points, Miss Home being second with 2L The ladies' season prize, which assumed the form of a tea-set, was carried off by Miss Home with a score of 1,650, less handicap white ring 1,565. Miss Hall stood second, she having scored 1,2S8, less handicap white ring 1,226. The highest score of the day among the ladies was made by Mrs C. B. Young, she having scored 210. The prize awarded was an opal ring. Miss Acraman and Miss B. Scott tied for the greatest number of hits, both having made 46, but the prize (a pair of gold sleeve pins) was handed to Miss Acraman, as she had made the highest score. Miss B. Scott gained the trophy in the match for those ladies who had not yet won a prize ; she scored 196. The gentlemen's season prize was won by Mr. Boss Reid with a score of 767, less handicap black and white rings 580; whilst Mr. H. D. O'Hallo- ran came next with a gross score of 1,315, less handicap blue, black, and white rings 572. The highest score of the day made by gentlemen was that of Mr. W. Sanderson, who scored 163, less handicap black and white rings 123. The Eev. S. Green was awarded a glass and silver mug for scoring the nearest to 55, his score being 53. The handicap prize, presented for competition among the ladies by the Hon. G. C. Hawker, the Captain of the Club, fell to Mrs. C. B. Young, who obtained 325 points, of which 125 were given in ; whilst Miss Acraman was second with 320 points, of which 116 were given in ; and Mrs. Wright third, with 318 points at scratch. The gentlemen's handicap prize, pre sented by the Captain, was gained by Mr. San derr-on, who scored 238, with a handicap of 75 ; Mr. Hawker was second with a score of 196, 114 being his handicap ; and Mr. CHalloran closely followed. Mr. 0. H. Price's challenge prize— a medal, which has to be won twice by the same person before it becomes his or her property — ? was won by Mrs. Young. __ The prizes, which were obtained from Mr. Steiner's establishment, were presented by Mrs. G. 0. Hawker. Fieb Bbigades. — The Port Adelaide and Gl&nville; fire brigades turned out for practice on Saturday afternoon, May 18, when the men; appeared for the first time in their new uniforms; The spot chosen was the Minories, Port Ade laide, where the Deputy Superintendent, Mr. T i Sanders, explained the nature of the duties re quired of the brigades ; and excellent practice was had in fixing the reels and charging the same with water. One distiBguishing feature, we understand of the Port and Suburban brigades is that with each reel there is an employe of the Waterworks department, who has a daily acquaintance with the position and nature of every waterplug in his locality, an advantage which must be apparent where much depends upon expedition. The U. S. Minstrels.— Another crowded house greeted these high class performers at their entertainment given in White's Assembly Boom on Saturday evening, May 18. The bill of fare presented was the same as that of the preceding evening. A 9 usual, the Minstrels succeeded in ststaining the interest of the audience from the commencement to th« conclu sion of the entertainment, and were rewarded with continual outbursts of applause. To-nightj inaugurates the last week of their sojourn in; Adelaide, and a change of programme will be* provided, including an opera burlesque, ' Kilt Trovatore,' and 'Scenes from Cooper and Bailey's Circus." Glenelq Jettt.— The repairs to this jetty were finished on Satnrday. At the outer end some of the softwood decking has been removed! and replaced with hardwood. A continuation; of the low-water landing-stage to the] outer steps has been made. The hand rails on both sides of the jetty have been firmly bolted down, and all the faulty places made good. One great improvement which will \--e appreciated by visitors to Glenelg is that a! number of new seats have been erected, extend-! ing nearly the whole length of the north side! and all round the end ef the jetty. Accidents.— The following casualty case3 were admitted into the Adelaide Hospital on Friday evening, May 17 : — John Eussell, of Canowie, who was thrown out of a trap at tha Alma Plains on the previous Friday and broke his collar-bone ; August Obsson, a German, who received a severe wound on the head by falling against a circular saw at Blumberg on Thursday, May 16 ; and John Liske, also of Blumberg, who on the same day had a severe scalp wound!' inflicted by a piece of iron falling upon his head. Plate Glass. — The two largest sheets of plate glass ever used, we understand, in the colon; were successfully placed in the new shop front of Messrs. Ballantyne & Co., Eundle-street, on Saturday. The plate glass trade calculate dimensions in inches, and these sheets measurej 117 inches by 93 J each, or a superficial surface! of 21,879 inches, and weigh about 6 cwt. The 'EraoFBAH Mail.' — A new and very; useful feature has recently been added to the| European Mail in the shape of an Industrial Supplement. It contains full information as t», novelties and inventions in various directions and will be of service, not only to those engaged in trade, but to the general reader. An Impostor.— A correspondent has sent us the following : — ' Towards the end of last week the village of Paradise was visited by a clean-; shaven man, who passed himself off as a Eomari Catholic priest. One evening he called at the local hotel, and after stating that he had been making a few professional visits, he asked if he could be accommodated for the night. The landlord readily asseated, and invited him to join the family circle. He soon proved a plea sant companion. He had been in foreign parts, and was able to entertain the party with a variety of interesting reminiscences. This he did with -uch success that 'all his hearers were completely thrown off their guard. As the evening advanced he asked the ladies to take a glass of wine, but on their declining he called fora bottle of champagne. This was speedily emptied by the visitor and a few of these present. Coc/ersation was resumed, only to be interrupted by a call for a bottle of ale, which the ]ovial conversationalist drunk hixjbelf. Before retiring he asked for and obtained, another bottle of champagne to take to his bedroom. He then handed the landlord his overcoat, hat, stick, purse, and pocketbook, with orders to iake great care of the lastmen tioned article, as it contained some valuable papers and documents. He was careful to men tion that he did not wish, it to be known that he was staying there, as he did not think it right for a clergyman to stay at a public-house. After breakfast the landlord began ta be suspicious as to the character of his visitor, and his fears were not allayed by the tatter's refusal to give him his name to enter in his book. On being pressed for a settlement he said he had no money, but; if some one was sent to the Catholic Church at the Glynde with an order from him the money! would be forthcoming. An order was accord-; ingly written out and handed to the landlord^ who desiring to be at the bottom of the mys tery gave instructions that the stranger should be kept in conversation while he went out for a few minutes.' He then saddled his horse and soon reached the chapel, where his worst suspi cions were confirmed by learning from the authorities that they knew of no such person, and had given him no authority to make orders on them for money. On the landlord's return his visitor professed surprise at the frmtlessne88ofhis journey, but explained that the order should not have been presented till he had seen the Church people. He then asked for his coat, hat, and other articles. The landlord kept the purse and pocketbook, saying he would retain them as security for the payment of his bill. This the gentleman objected to, but after fiywifng that the publican was determined to keep possession of them, he departed, and has not since been heard of in the neighbourhoai. The contents of the pocketbook have not yet been examined.' A man, who corresponds with the description just given, has been seen in various parts of the eastern suburbs, and it is believed that he hat been successful in imposing upon other people besides the landlord of the inn at Paradise, We notice from a paragraph in a Melbourne paper that ' a tall, slim, clean-shaven man has been passing himself off in Victoria as a Roman Catholic priest, and in that character swindling a number of confiding hotelkeepers.' Probably the same individual has transferred his opera tions to Adelaide and its suburbs. Atjbtkalian Sbcttbitibs.— We quote the fol lowing from Westgarth's Circular of April 12: 'New Loans. — The Tasmanian Government, through its finut^^! agents, the Bank of New South Wales and the Consolidated Bank, offer Cor public tender on 15th instant £300.00J four per cents at the nninimnm price of 92£. The stock is due on 1st July, 1903, and the interest half-yearly on 1st January and 1st July. Five per cent, is payable on application, the balance on 15th proximo. The stock carries interest from 1st January, so that the net price is reduced to about 9L This colony has not ap peared Lcre as a borrower for about ten ye&rs;, and the oil issues, which are all six per cents, rank in the first class of colonial valuer. The colony's public debt at present is £1,520,000. The present loan increases this amount by £171,000 for public works. The balance of £129,000 is for paying-off obligations falling due during this and the following year. Home Market. — The serious disturbance of the general market of securities caused by the threatening phases of the Eastern question during the past four weeks has caused some havoc in the values of even the colonial stocks. la the larger stocks, and especially amongst the newer issues, the fall in price at the greatest depression last wee averaged 2 per cent., which is an extreme £ change very rarely recorded against the cred of this comparatively steady class of securities. But there has since been a recovery of about one-half of this depression, and the' market appears strong towards further recovery. The stocks chiefly affected have been those of New Zealand and Victoria; also the New South Wales long-term Five Per Cents, and the South Australlian Four Per Cents. Prices have been sustained by the still prevailing ease of the money market. The Bank rate was raised from 2 to 3 per cent, on 28th ultimo, but at the latter still moderate rate loans are freely obtainable at half-monthly notice on the first-class colonial Government stocks. The changes to be now* recorded are again, as in our previous issue,' comparatively few. New South Wales Fives,; 1888-1902, at 107-9, are li per cent, lower, while the drawings fives are 1 lower, and the fours at 99£-10C& are £ per cent, lower. In Victorian' stccks the sixes, 1883-5, are £ lower, the fives are 2 lower, and the fours l£ per cent, lower. Queensland stocks, after a fall of 1 per cent.; have recovered to J to \ per cent, reduction; South Australian Fours are at | per cent, fall.1 Tasmanian stand unchanged. In New Zealand Btocks the old fives, due 1914, have relapsed as much as 3 per cent., and the Consolidated Fives 1 £ per cent. The sixes are lower by about 2 per cent., the Five-thirty Four and a Half Per Cents by 1 per cent., and the Five-thirty Five Per Cents by \ per cent." Ihpbovehbnts at Poet Adelaide. — We qnote the following from the Port Adelaide JVevs : — ' The Port Adelaide Corporation Wharf which extends from the Jervois Bridge np stream to the month of Tarn O'Shanter Creek, was built as a landing-place for silt. The Cor poration are taking active measures to convert this silt wharf into a first- class wharf for large ships. When finished it will probably lead to further wharf extension either towards the Old Port or up Tarn O'Shanter Creek— perhaps both. It is quite possible that large snips may be berthed on both sides of Tarn O'Shanter Creek,' from its mouth to the Port-road. Captain Simpson, the lessee of 600 feet of the North paiade Wharf, has renewed his lease of the older, portion of the wharf known as the Old Queen's! Wharf for 13 years, and is having the front ofj the old structure entirely re-piled with jarrah' timber. Mr. Wishart, the contractor for the; work, is getting on rapidly with the renovation,' and very soon the Qld Queen's Wharf will be as gcod as new, and ready for service again. Tha South Australian Company have a number ofj men at work excavating their new dock. The dock will have ah area of 27 acres for ships, and, willreiiend back from behind the new wharf? frontage recently referred to, hear the site of the old* coalshed, towards the old powder magazine] The land to be excavated is a mangrove swamp; dry at low water, but overflowed by high tides] Any one wishing to understand what practical mjn mean by Port Adelaide's capabilities of im-j provement should view the site of the proposed dock now and note that' it differs in no way as ieg irds engineering facilities from many square miles of neighbouring land on both sides of the river or creek, and view it again when the dock will be finished and full of ships. The earth' from the excavation will be placed so as to form! rais d streets and what will be the solid portion] of the future wharfs, railways, and frontages foe si ops and stores. The entrance to the dock wili be near the site of the old coalshed ; a bro id, sire -t which will separate the dock from tha[ piopTtyof the Commercial Wharf Company; will run eastward from the river frontage so as to intersect a line drawn by a c;ntmnationof j St. Vincent-street." Accidents. — Yesterday morning (says tha Port Pine Gazette of May 17) a man named Chas. Jones escaped his death in a miraculous manner. He was engaged iu the hold~~bf the Emu slinging cargo, and had sent part of a sling of pig iron np, when by some means a link- of the chain gave way, and the whole lot cams down again. A piece of iron, weighing about; 30 lbs., grazed Jones's bead, and passing down past the shoulder caught his leg. He was' quickly conveyed to Dr. Stewart, who attended his injuries. Had Jones been a few inches' further under the sling he must have been in-! stantly killed. The same paper states that a few; days ago a young man named H. J. Randall met with a serious accident whilst riding oa horse-1 back between the Whim and Crystal Brcok. It appears that the ' horse stumbled, throwing! Eandall heavily to the ground, and then rolled on him, thus breaking his collar-bone. Eandall is reported to be progressing favourably under Dr. Stewart's care. Wathb Supply fob Gawlbb.— We are glad; to observe, says the Gawler Bunyip, {that Coun cillor Malcolm has just moved in this matter^ and that there is a likelihood of some steps being taken to obtain a permanent water supply for the town. A deputation is to wait on the Commissioner of Public Works on Wednesday next, with a view of inducing the Government to make a trial survey in tie ranges east of Gawler, so that a site may be selected from' which the town may bs supplied with water. The Australian Eleven.—Speaking of the expected visit of the Australian cricketers, "Anglo- Australian," in the /European Mail/, remarks:—"The cricketing world is glad to hear that the Australian team is on its way to the old country, and arrangements are being made to give it a hearty welcome. There is a good deal of speculation as to the ability of the men, and as rumour speaks of them as skilful batsmen and bowlers, the several clubs with whom they have to contend have been hard at work with the view to put them on their mettle. Since Trickett's victory the sporting community on this side have imbibed a wholesome dread of Australians, and I do not think a penny could be "got on" any match in which your cricketers are engaged to play. They are regarded in the light of "dark horses," whose paces' are only known to a select few, and many are the speculations as to whether they will be able to bowl Mr. W. G. Grace on his own ground. This gentleman's style is not unknown to the bulk of Australian cricketers, and it is pretty certain that the men who have been selected as the champions of Australia will do their best to take his measure to a T. Still, Mr. W. G. G. will prove a very formidable opponent. His style is spoken of as having 'something Assyrian in its massive grandeur,' and his stay at the stumps is described as having 'an Egyptian immobility.' The feeling therefore is one of surprise that a band of men from the Antipodes should be daring enough to attempt to defeat this Monarch of the Cricket World. Well, the same thing was said before Trickett defeated Sadler, and for my part I feel certain that our Australian cricketers will prove themselves very little inferior to some of the best men at Lord's. It must be remembered, however, that Australian wickets are often deceitful, and productive of deliveries more curly and perplexing than the laws of nature allow on the Oval or at Brighton. Accustomed to pitches which have often little of the aspect of the billiard-table, the Australians may be less happy here than they are at home. But with patience and a little practice this difficulty may be overcome. Report speaks highly of Mr. Bannerman as a batsman, and as we have no very good bowlers just now, this circumstance may be reckoned to tell in favour of the men from the Antipodes. When I say this I am speaking from a European point of view, for I feel persuaded that the Australians will be glad to compete with the best bowlers and batsmen the old country can bring against them. They are coming to play, without fear, favour, or prejudice, the best men we can produce, and it will be no excuse to say after a success that they only obtained a victory over second-rate men. As usual, there has been the old confusion in uninformed though by no means uninfluential circles as to whether the men are black or white, and many have been the queries which have been addressed to Australians upon this subject; but all fear of a cannibal outbreak had been dispelled by the assurance that they are men of like complexion and degree with outselves." Our telegrams report the arrival of the team in England, all well. Infant Mobtalttt. — The Australasian, m re ferring fo Dr. Charles Gosse's lecture on' Infant mortality, after noticing the statistics given remarks.-— ' Dr. Gosse in his lecture paid high tribute to the climate of the colony, and ac quitted that of any share in producing the ex^ tseptionally high rate of infant mortality. It may be said, as respects this point, tkat the intense heats of summer possibly influence this mortality more than the lecturer suspected. But as the question is not how is it that the mortality is so high, but how is ic that it is so high as compared with the other colonies, 'the summer heat, being a factor common to all, niay safely be omitted from the comparison. But when we come to the causes that he assigns for the high death- rate, it seems to us that these also are common to all the colonies in an equal degree. At least, Dr. Gosse made no attempt to show that they existed in higher force in South Australia than elsewhere. The use of patent medicines and soothiDg syrups and other quack remedies, neglected drainage, parental drunken ness, early marriages, improper feeding, and so on, are causes of infantile deaths by no means limited to South Australia, and the lecturer did not endeavour to prove that they existed in a higher measure there than elsfcwhere. Grant that they are all potent causes of mortality among yonujr children elsewhere, the lecture, t be of any scientific value as an answer to the question with which it set out, the relatively high rate of deaths in that colony, should have shown that the local causes existed in a degree of potency adequate to the production of the effect. And this, so far as we can see, was not shown or attempted to be shown, and the ques tion of the very high death- rate of infants in South Australia, as compared with the other colonies, remains absolutely unanswered.' Shabp Pbacticb. — 'iEgles,' in the Australa' nan, tells the following story:— 'There is a J.P. and M.LA., of Penrith, New Sonth Wales, who has a fine station, with 5,000 head of cattle. It is worked in an economic manner — superin- dent, £65 per annum; hutkeeper, £30 ; a couple of lads from the Sydney Industrial School, and a black boy.'. Some time ago he engaged a young fellow, son of a clergyman, to stock keep and make himself generally useful at £30 a year. The new hand, Smith, worked hard at yardmaking, dambuilding, &c;, and when bis employer came up he expressed gratification at his new man's assiduity, and promised him a present at the end of his engagement. That youth redoubled his exertions. Settling-day came at last, and the owner blandly addressed young Smith thus : — ' I am greatly pleased with your- industry in my absence, and I intend to make you an acknowledgment, as promised. You know that chesnut filly you brought up to the station. I value her at £25. Now, I intend letting you have her for £20, which is, in fact, making you a present of £5.' Smith, in his innocence, assented, received £10, the balance for his year's labour, and departed. He subse quently had some suspicions of his late master's liberality, when he found that the utmost he could obtain for the chesnut filly was £6, and he had to wait some months for that.' Colokial Pbosphbitt.— According to Mr. A. J. Wilson, the author of a recent work on the ' Resourced of Modern Countries,' observes the Home News, many of our colonies are in rather a bad way. Most of them, he says, with the exception of New South Wales and South Aus tralia, have borrowed too much and too fast. As for Canada, heavily handicapped by physical disadvantages, he looks upon her case as hope less in the extreme. These large loans which he condemns have doubtless contributed mainly to the extension of railways ; but it is another theory of his that railway j in a new country are altogether a mistake. He considers that they should be called into existence to meet the demands of population ; not that communities should be attracted artificially to follow them. Again, he is opposed to the sale' ot land in the colonies, and would; recommend instead that it should be let at nominal rents for a term of— say thirty — years, to be then resumed, and again let at new rates. The abstract truth of these positions may not be gainsaid, but it must not be for gotten that the colonies depend for' progress very much upon the influx of immigrants, and they must compete for these by offering sub stantial attractions. Grants of land and facili ties of intercommunication are among the most obvious baits, because those who go to new countries wish before all things to make money quickly and prosper. 'Particular Colonies,' saya the Saturday Bedew, in commenting upon Mr. Wilson's strictures, 'may have made too many railways, and have squandered their land,: but in doing so they have, we think, carried a good and necessary thing to excess, and not done something altogether impolitic and wrong." The Cable Question.—"I am afraid," writes Ægles, "that we are not ripe for Conferences. Can any one conceive such a miracle as a unanimous intercolonial convention? The Australian Colonies are too young, too distrustful, too selfish individually, too shortsighted, to be able to perceive the advantage of a present sacrifice by one or two for the great common good of all. The centrifugal greatly overpowers the centripetal force. There appears to be only one way of accomplishing such a matter as the important one of a duplicate cable. And this may be illustrated by the figure of a stiff bullfinch and a timorous hunting-field. Some brave heart must lead over and the others will follow. If two, or even one leading colony were to undertake the responsibility of duplicate telegraph extension, securing special privileges (debarring non-contributing colonies from any use of the alternate wire), the excluded would soon come to reason and offer to pay their just share. The compulsion would be felt when the existing wire was silent, as it so often is. There would no doubt be great difficulties in differentiating the use of the wires in this way, but it is only by some such bold stroke of policy that we are likely to obtain a duplicate means of communication with the rest of the world. If the contracting colonies secured for the residents therein a special reduction in the price of the messages, public opinion in other colonies would soon bring their Governments to book. When Victoria thus took the lead in contracting single-handed for the P. & O. mail contract her neighbours soon discovered the necessity of coming in as contributors in order to secure a share of what were to them undeniable advantages." The Victorian Crisis.—Mr. W. H. Gaunt, the Police Magistrate at Ballarat (the /Argus/ states), has forwarded to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, through His Excellency the Governor, a petition for presentation to Her Majesty the Queen, setting forth the circumstances under which he was deprived of his office, and praying that such relief may be afforded to him as to Her Majesty may seem fit. Whatever result may follow, the petition can scarcely fail to receive more attention than personal appeals to the throne ordinarily command, describing, as it does, how a public servant of 25 years' standing was cast adrift without a moment's warning and in such unceremonious and disrespectful fashion that the dismissed Magistrate received the first intelligence of his removal from a practitioner in a Court in which he was about to take his seat as President. Midwinter the Cricketer.—The /Sporting Life/ of April 6 in reviewing the players of Gloucestershire for the past season states that "Midwinter will play with them this season, and not with the Australian team, as has been announced in some papers." This confirms an extract paragraph we published a few days ago. AustbAliin Actobs nt Ambhica. — The San Francisco correspondent of tne Argus says that the amusement world is very dull, and all the theatres are losing money except Emerson's Opera-House, where a specialty actor named! Denman Thompson, has, made a most decided hit in a Yankee character called 'Joshua WhitJ comb.' Miss Eleanor Carey, -who returned from the East after the death ot her mother, has assumed the leading business at the California,* She has already become a great favourite. At the Grand Opera- House a party called the 'Rice Combination,' with Miss Catherine Lewis, were playing a travestie on Longtellow's 'Evangeline'— a very tame affair. Mr. Fred; Lysterhad been appointed Stage Director at Baldwin's. Dampier was meeting with only moderate success as leading man at one of the New York theatres. The Telbphonb.- According to the Homt A'evs, 'the last feat accomplished by Bell's telephone is the saving of a diver's life. Accor ding to a report made to the Admiralty by Captain Arthur, of Her Majesty's ship Vernon; a diver engaged in receiving some ballast sud denly fainted, and called out, 'Pull me np.' He did not signal with his rope, but was heard through the telephone attached to his helmet, and was at once brought to the surface. The man has recovered, and thanks the telephone for bis restoration." Mes. Wat's Funebal.— In our notice of Mrs; Way's funeral both Mr. Pendleton's and Mr. Hickson's names were omitted from the list of those attending. 