ITALY. ELECTION OF POPE LEO XIII. THE CEREMONIES IN DETAIL. {Special Dispatch to the Xeio York Freeman's Journal, ) Rome, February 18, 1878. This evening sixty Cardinals enter the Conclave. There is perfect harmony in the Sacred College. The will of Pope Pius IX has been opened. He desired to be buried at San Lorenzo del Cappuchini, without the walls of Rome. His tomb, provided by him self, is exceedingly modest,— a marble slab, sculptured with tiara, skuil and cross-bones. The entire cost was about four hundred dol lars. Funeral obsequies were private, in the Sistine Chapel on the loth, 16th and ] 7th. ? The youngest of the Cardinals is Lucido Maria Parocchi, Archbishop of Bologna, who was raised to the purple on the 22nd of June last. He is only 44 years old. Cardinal Howard is the next youngest, who is 49.- All the rest of the Cardinals are over 50. Fifty three of them are sixty or more. Twenty five are seventy or over ; and iivc are eighty or over. There are about four Cardinals surviving, who were created by Gregory XVI, Swartz enburg, Asquini, Carafa di Traetto, and Sforza. One hundred and twenty Cardinals have died during the Pontificate of Pope Pius IX. There are six hats vacant. The entire number of the Sacred College at present is sixty-four. Were all present in the Conclave, it would require 43 votes to elect a Pope. Several of the Cardinals, how ever, on account of infirmity, are not likely to attend. THE GJ3NE1MX TBESS DISPATCHES. Rome, February 18, 1878. On the night before the beginning of their sacred labours the Cardinals assembled in the Pauline Chapel to listen to a brief address spoken by Cardinal Amat San Fillippo, and to take the oath of secrecy. They then entered their cells, situated in the third story of the Vatican. The last evening before im murement was passed in receiving guests, ambassadors and friends. Each little cell was crowded with visitors. Around the hall were built sixty-four tiny lodges of planks, carpeted and hung with serge. Each lodge contained four rooms about six feet square, arranged in two stories, In the lower story were the Cardinal's bedroom, and a chamber for his servants ; above his conclavists were lodged. Three strokes upon the great bell at nine indicated that the hour for immurement had arrived. Farewells were said hastily. Then the great gates were shut, chained and bolted, and the Conclave was immured. Don Mario Chigi Albani, Marshal of the Conclave, then attended to the subsequent prepara tions. Under his care the windows and arches were bricked up. Only the door at the top of the Scala Regia was not closed up. Four locks, two on one side, guarded this portal. The doors being secured, the foot men of tho Conclave were summoned to kneel before the crucifix and take the oath of secrecy. Then, after assuring^ himself that the cells of the Cardinals were everywhere separated by the statutory distance of a foot, and instructing his guards and patrols to be vigilant against any attempt at communica tion during the darkness, the Marshal with drew to his post. Then the great religious duty imposed on each Cardinal began in all earnestness. THE FIRST DAY IN CONCLAVE. Rome, February 19, 1878. The smoke of burning ballot papers was visible at a quarter to two o'clock this after noon, showing that the Conclave had voted, but nobody had obtained the necessary ma jority. Cardinal Cardoso, the patriarch of Lisbon, arrived at the Vatican yesterday, and entered the Conclave last night. THE SECOND DAY. — ELECTION OF THE TOPE. . Rome, February 20, 1878. The Conclave concluded its labours at about noon to-day by the selection of Cardi nal Gioachmo Pecci as Pope, after the third ballot. The new Pope has chosen the title of Leo XIII. The Conclave lasted forty hours, being twelve hours'shorter than that which elected Pius IX Ms predecessor. From the moment the Conclave had gone into session the outside world was busy watching for the signs of progress made. This is achieved by watching a particular chimney. Through this comes the smoke of burning ballots, which declares that a Pope lias not been elected, as when a Pope is chosen by vote the ballots are burned in an other place. The smoke was observed yes terday about noon, and one unsuccessful bal lot was credited to the Conclave. Again, in the evening, the smoke was seen at a quarter to seven, which was concluded to mean that the vote was again inconclusive, as only two ballots are taken each day. From eleven o'clock to-day the watch upon the Conclave chimney was very sharp. At half-past twelve a little wreath of smoke came in a blue spiral from the chimney, and everybody said 'the third' ballot; no choice !' Then believing the ballot was again without result the crowd began to disperse, when, at 1.15 p.m., Cardinal Caterini ap peared m tne Urantt uailery ot tne v atican Basilica, and announced, in the customary formula, Cardinal Pecci's s succession to the Papacy, under the title of Leo XIII. The bystanders cheered most enthusiastically, and a large crowd soon assembled, densely thronging the open space before the Vatican and the approaches thereto. At 4.30 the newly-elected Pope, surrounded by all the Cardinals, appeared in the inner gallery of the Basilica. The crowd vocifer ously shouted, ' .Long live tne .rope. Tne Holy Father then pronounced the benedic tion. After this the cheering was renewed and continued until the Pope withdrew. The crowd before the Vatican waiting for the benediction of the Pope is estimated to have numbered 20,000. As soon as the result of the election be came known the bells in all the churches of Rome were rung, and the diplomats went to the Vatican to congratulate the new Pope. Count Segur immediately informed the Pope that he purposed to present him with 1,000,000 francs as the first donation of Peter's pence from the French Episcopate. The Times' Paris dispatch says the election of Cardinal Pecci as Pope has made a favour able impression here. HOAV THE SACRED OFFICE WAS BESTOWED AND RECEIVED. Rome, February 20, 1878. The second day of the Conclave was as the first, save in its results. Three bells were rung at 8.30 and at 9, and with the last came the cry of the Master of Ceremonies, ' In Capellum, domini' — ' To the chapel, my Lords.' After hearing a Mass celebrated in the Pauline Chapel by Cardinal Amat di San Fillippo and partaking of the Holy Com munion, the Cardinals breakfasted separ ately in their cells ; then reassembled, in the Sistine Chapel to ballot. The Master of Ceremonies, Mgr. Ricci Paracciani, read the order of complete isolation ; the- ' Veni Creator' and the prayers were chanted ; then all the servants of the Conclave and of the Cardinals were turned out of the chapel and the doors were fastened with a padlock. Then followed the secret preparation of the ballots and the close scrutiny. It was known to the Cardinals when they met in the morning that to-day would see the breaking down of the wall and the pro-, clamation of Cardinal Pecci as Pope. In accordance with the usual custom, so soon as ' it had been ascertained after the first ballot - on Tuesday, that the Cardinal really com- ( taanded a canonical majority the fact was communicated to the Cardinals opposed to him, so that, acquiescing in his election, members of the Sacred. College might join in waiting on the future Pope the evening before his actual elevation. The one condi tion which by canon law can void the election of a Pope who has actually obtained the suffrages of the Sacred College is his being forced by the electors to accept the dignity. His free acceptance of it is absolutely neces sary to render his election legitimate ; of course, it had been previously ascertained that the Cardinal Camerlengo was ready to accept the position. So soon as the ccrutators had declared that he had received a canonical majority of two thirds of the full ballot, Cardinal Pecci, the j?ope-elect, rose in his seat and repeated aloud, the number and motto upon his ballot. It v/as found upon the thread on which the ballots were strung, and the ' nomen' flap was opened by the scrutators that they might satisfy themselves that he bad not voted for himself. Proclamation was then aaade that all the formalities had been complied with, and the Cardinals cried, ' The will of the Holy Ghost be done ! The Conclave was declared to bo at an end, the doors were thrown open and the two great ceremonial officers, Macchi and Bieei-Paraeciani, sum- moned by the bell, with the Secretary and Sacristian of the Holy College, entered the chapel, where the Cardinals were seated. The Secretary of Briefs, Cardinal Asquini, with Cardinal Amat di San Filippo, Cardinal von Schwartzenberg and Cardinal Caterini, seniors of the three orders of the Car dinalaie , proceeded towards Cardinal Pecci and demanded, ' Do you accept the election thus canonically made of you as Sovereign Pontiff.1' ' I do,' replied the Pope-elect, and in stantly all the canopies over the chairs save that above his seat were lowered. In other cireum stances it would have been Cardinal Pecei's duty as Cardinal Camerlengo to form one of the delegation charged with putting the question to the Pope.. -c By what name do you desire tobc called?' asked Cardinal Amat; di San Filippo. ' Leo XIII.,' replied the Pope-elect. The senior Master of Ceremonies, Mara tinucci, a3 notary of the Holy See, then pro claimed the Pope and drew up the official act certifying to the election and proclamae- tion, which was signed by his colleague, by the Sacristan and by the Secretary. Mean while the newly elected Pope had entered the chapel and there put on the Pontifical robes, clothed in which he seated himself in the chair on the Gospel side of the altar, while the Cardinals approached in their due order and kissed the cross on his slipper and his hand, he embracing them on both cheeks, the Cardinal Dean, Mgr. Amat di San Filippo, who had first performed thegact of adoration, meanwhile chanting the Te Deum. A. new ' Fisherman's Ring '' was then brought forward, that belonging to Pius IX. having been solemnly broken at his death This ring, so called from bearing on the stone the engraved figure of St. Peter draw ing in his net, was at first used, about 1265 as the Pope's private signet for his own correspondence, but since tne middle or the fifteenth century has been reserved to the Pontifical utterances called briefs. A bull is the most authoritative expression of the Pontifical decicion. It is written ia Latin, in mediaeval characters upon dark, rough parchment, the style being ' Leo XIII., Episcopus, Servus Servornm Dei,' with date from the Incarnation and the signatures of the functionaries of the Apostolic Chancery. It takes its name] from the' btilla or leaden seal tied to it by a cord of hemp or silk according to its importance. The die of this seal is kept at the Chancery, with an express penalty of excommunication for the unau thorized person who enters the room of its keeper. The briefs to which the Pope affixes the impression of the Fisherman's Hing are_ documents affecting mattei'3 of comparatively passing importance. They are written in modern letters upon soft white parchment, bear the Pope's name at the beginning, ' Leo, Papa XIII.,' are signed by the Cardinal Secretary of Briefs, and bear date from the Nativity. This ring having been bestowed on him, Gioacchino Pecci became indeed Leo XIII. As soon as the Pope had taken it the Dea cons, Cardinals Caterini, Mertel, Consolini, Borromeo, Randi, Pacca, Nina, de Falloux du Coudray, Starretti and Pellegrini, crying ' Papam Habemus' (We have a Pope'), hur« ried to the breach in the wall of the balcony window, pressing through which Cardinal Caterini raised the great gold cross as he spoke, and thus addressed the throng out side : ' I announce to you, with the greatest joy, that we- have for Pope the most eminent and reverend seigneur Gioacchino Pecci, who j takes the name of Leo XIII.' The new Pope then made his appearance as has already been described. Immediately after the proclamation to the people the Pauline Chapel was thrown open, | the provisional walls surrounding the hall of I the Conclave were torn down amid rejoicings, and the Marshal, the conclavists, the Major domo and other officials of the Conclave and the Papal household hastened to pay their homage, followed by the clergy and nobility. His Holiness then paid a ceremonious visit to Cardinal Amat eli San Fillippo and notified the Ambassadors of his election, and the work was done — the successor of Pius IX had ascended the throne of Peter. On to-day— Sunday — Pope Leo XIII will be enthroned in St. Peter's and crowned with the tiara. On his throne in the At trium of Oonstantine, opposite the walled np Holy Gate, which is opened only in the years of jubilee, he ?will receive the homage of the Archpriest first and then of the clergy of the Basilica, and then be carried in pro cession up the church to the Chapel of St. Gregory, which serves as a robing-room. As he issues from it a master of ceremonies will suddenly step before him and falling on his knee hold up to him a silver rod tipped with a bundle of tow, to which instantly a clerk will apply a lighted taper, the master of cere monies chanting as the tow blazes for a second, u Sancte Pater, sic transit gloria mundi.' Holy Father, thus passes the glory of the world.' This curious and most striking piece of symbolism is repeated twice. At the High Altar his Holiness will be clothed with the pallium, and after the Mass, during which he will receive the homage of the clergy of all ranks, he will be borne to the great balcony overlooldng the piazza of St. Peter. There, in presence of the assembled people, the mitre having been removed, Car dinal Mertel will place on the Pope's head the triple crown with the words : ' Accipe tiaram tribus coronis ornatam, et scias te esse patrem principum et regum, rectorem orbis, in terra vicarium Salvatoris nostri Jesu Christi, cui est honos et gloria in scacu lorum.' With the invariable benediction on ' the city and the. world' the coronation ceremony will be concluded. The Conclave which elected Leo XILT will long be memorable because of the fact that though its members were under no such sharp spur as were the Cardinals who parti cipated in the Conclave whence Cardinal MastaiFerretti issued as Pope Pius IX, which began on the 14th of June, 1G46, and ended on the 16th, having lasted fifty hours, the Cardinals entered the Conclave of 1878 at 6 P.M. on Monday, February 18, and Pope Leo XIII was proclaimed on Wednesday, 20th, at 1.15 P.M., forty-three^ hours after wards. All the members of the Sacred College took part in this great Conclave excepting Cardinals Bizzarri, Brossais, Saint Marc and M'Closkey. Of the two foreign members unable to at tend, the Archbishop of Rennes was pre vented by illness, the Archbishop of New York by his inability to reach the Eternal City in time. 