RELIGIOUS EDUCATION OF THE YOUNG. The following circular has beeu ad dressed by the Bishop of Melbourne to the clergy of his diocese, and was read at the meeting of the Vestry of Christ's Church, Beechworth, by the Rev. Cauon Howard, on Monday, 10th June, but nothing of a practical nature was done : — Bishopscourt, Melbourne, May 31, 1878. My Reverend Brother, — I recently asked, as you are aware, for information in connexion with the religious education of the children of our people. The in formation supplied to me was not always of that definite character which I could have desired ; but yet it shows clearly, I regret to say, that tbe religious education of our children is in the most unsatis factory condition. . I fnlly recognise the immense difficulties with which you have to contend. Owing to tbe banishment of religious instruction from the state schools, you are obliged, I know, either to abandon week-day instruction alto gether, or to ask the children to attend to it when they are wearied by work, or drawn aside by the attractions of their weekly holiday. But however serious these difficulties may be, I would strongly urge you to endeavour to overcome them, and rather to be contented with the smallest measnre of success than relin quish the effort to which we so recently committed ourselves. I fear that very few of us have an adequate conception either of the spiri tual destitution of the rising generation in this colony, or of the probable effect of this state of things. I do not believe that the majority of those who banished religious instruction from our state schools had any objection either to the Bible as a text-book, or to such undenominational iustractiou in divine knowledge as is now given in the board schools of London. They ban ished religious instruction because they thought it impossible to keep the peace between rival sects and denominations. I believe that the experience of the mother-conntry shows them to have been mistaken. But, however that may be, of the result of their action there can be no doubt or question. Id order to banish all reference to God from the scholar's mind and the teacher's lesson, they have been compelled to exclude not only the Bible, but also those voices of conscience and lessons of history which speak so plainly of a divine pre sence and providence in the world. The glory of heaven is carefully shut off from the page of knowledge ; everything must be seen under the hard dry light of its secular aspect. Should imagination at tempt to escape from these low vessels, it is suppressed. Should emotion at times betray tbe susceptible nature into religious aspirations, these must be sum marily checked. To secure peace, we must imprison conscience, aud exclude heaven. I do not believe for one moment that the great mass of our people desire such a result. They wish their children to read the Bible, and leam its holy lessons. They believe that character can only be formed through moral and religious in struction, and that as a text- book for such instruction there is no book com parable to the sacred volume. But still the effect of our state educa tion is exactly what I have described it, and would solemnly urge you, my reverend brother, to endeavor to set clearly and vividly before your own mind what must be the present moral condi tion, and probable moral future, of, those who have no larger education than that given in our state schools. Let us ask our selves how we should have fared, if God, and all the religious sanctions of action had been carefully kept out of onr mind. We know what our life has been, with Christian light to guide it and Christian grace to support it. Can we hope, then, that we should have been kept from gross wickedness without such aid ? that with no better motive than interest, no worthier deterrent than fear, we could have escaped so far as by God's mercy we have done from the ignoble slavery of a sensual selfishness ? What can be the effect, my reverend brother, of a merely godless education like this, but, in com merce, feverish speculation and syste matic knavery ; in politics, selfish ambition, cruel animosity, and unscru pulous oppression; in social life, im purity, effeminacy, idleness, and incon stancy ? I cannot point the picture so darkly as it appears to my own mind, and it is because I earnestly long for the peace and prosperity of this fair land of my adoption, and for the extension to all its people of the infinite blessings of our Divine Redeemer's kingdom, that I am making this attempt to show you the urgent need of present effort as I myself perceive it. Since the state thinks it cannot, we must bestow a religious education upon our children. We are bound to do this (not only to make the effort, but to go on making it till we succeed) by every obligation which we hold most sacred ; by loyalty to our Divine Master ; by faithfulness to our ordination vows ; by love of those souls over whom the Holy Ghost has made us overseers ; and, not less, by patriotic attachment to the coun try which feeds and shelters us. We mnst resolve to succeed. It were better to lose anything than the hearts of our children. If one method should fail, we most try another. We must summon our people round us ; we must ask them to join us in prayer to onr heaveniy Father that He may teach ub the right way, and give us strength and grace to walk therein. Yainly will our successors preach to souls hardened in habits of godless thought and feeling, if, while these souls are tender — responsive to the glow of emotioD, and plastic beneath the for mative hand of love and truth — we neglect to set before them the blessed gospel of salvation. I would therefore earnestly aud affec tionately urge you, my reverend brother, to renewed efforts in this direction. Lay the matter before your people. Remind them of the utter insufficiency of Sun day-school instruction alone ; of the ne cessity that there should be some kind of balance and proportion between sacred aud secular education, even in the case of those who attend .Sunday- schools, as some kind of week-day provision for those who do not. Remind them, more over, that a Christian man is not his own, but that, bought -with the precious blood of Christ, he is bound to glorify God with hisjtime, his talent, his strength and his life ; that every spiritnal gift is bestowed, not that it may be enjoyed merely, but rather that it may be im parted to those who are less happy and instructed than ourselves. Thus, by God's help, instead of merely folding our hands and waiting for the deluge, we shall be doing what in us lies to benefit men and glorify God. I am, Your faithful brother in Christ, J. Melbourne. 