THE PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, November 20. SITE OF PARLIAMENT HOUSES. The report of the Committee appointed to determine upon a site for the new Parliament Houses was brought up and ordered to be printed. The report stated —" That having con- eidered the various situs indicated in the report of the Commission appointed on the 6th Feb ruary, 1873, to report on sites fcr new Par liament Buildings (vide Parliamentary-paper. No. 32 of 1878), together with other sites sug gested, the Committee would recommend tbe oDowing as in their opinion the heat position for the erection of such buildings, that is to ay:—A site commencing 50 feet cast of the proposed new Institute and Museum on North terrace and extending eastwards as far as re quired. If it be arranged to include the present Institute as part of the design for the near In stitute and Museum, space would then be obtained for tho erection of the proposed Par liament Houses without any encroachment on the University block; otherwise this recom mendation of your Committee would necessi tate the taking of a small portion of the land Granted to the University. Reference to the minutes annexed will show that tbe Committee of the House of Assembly, when in conference with your Committee, declined to uanie any site as in their opinion the best, allhongh your Committee agreed to recommend to jxmr Uooorablc Council any one of various sites on North-terr?oe, with certain limits therein specified (including that now recom mended ), provided that the said Committee of ibe Bouse of Assembly would agree to any one of them." NEW rOLUNG-rtACES. Tbe Hon. J. I'KAKOK moved for an address to His Excellency to issue a proclamation de claring Morgan a. polling-place for Light.—The I Hon. J. IISHEIt moved for Waudearau, in the Electoral District of Stanley, to be also de clared a polling-place.—Both motions were carried. MOOXTA BAY KAILWAY. Tie CHIEf SKCHETAKY moved the second reading. He said the object ivas to connect the preterit line of railway with the jetty. I've distance was about 46 chains, and would cost about £u,COO. It was very desirable that the work should be done.—The Bob. W. SaNDOVER, in teconding, said the work wan an expensive one, and £2.000 might have been saved if the Company had done the work. Ho would support tbe BUI, because ).e knew the extension was ur gently required.—The Hon. T. HOGAKTH witlied to ituon- what the difference of height was between the level of the line and the jetty, ■u<l what the line would actually cost.—The Uvds.J. pIaUEH aud J. PEAIiC'H supported lie Bill. - The CHIEF SECKETAKx* isaid there was a Final! gradient, but £5.00 > ■vould cover the whole cost of making the line. Ihe second reading was carried, aud the Bill ]assed through Committee without ainendmeut, and was read a third time aud pawed. CROWN LANDS BILL. In Committee.—The CHIEF SECRETARY urged tiiat the House should not iuoiitt upju tin.- amendment to Clauie 37, to which tfao House of Atfeembiy objected, uatnrly. that com permatiou would be paid on the expiration of pastoral leases or resumption tor the value of all wells, reservoirs, tanks, or dams of a perma nent character— •* Provided that in no case shall compensation be paid or payable unless the written approval of tbe Commissioner ot Crown Lands shall before the making and con struction ef any wells, reservoirs, tankr, dams, fences, or like improvements have been first prenously obtained." A short debate ensued, and on being put to the rote the prorisa was retained by 10 votes to 7, and a message rent to the Assembly that the Council would not intiet upon the amendment. The report was then adopted, and the Bill was passed through all its stages. MESSAGE FKOM THB GOVERXOIJ. A message was received from His Excellency nntiouuciug that he liad consented to the Stand ing Rule* and Orders adopted by the Council, also the Standing Rules aud Orders on private Bills. lAW ANO PROPERTY TAX BILL. Sir 11. AVERS, in resuming the debate on the stcond readiDg of the Bill, said he could not congratulate the Chief Secretary on the <vay iv which tlie Bill had been introduced into the Council, ile thought he should be able to chow conclusively that the Bill was not re quired He said for the last two or three yean the Chief Secretary had taken every opportunity of endeavoring to thrust taxation on the people when it had been proved that it was not required. He referred to the fate of the Stamps Bill, and said the Colton Ministry bad shown that the business of the country could be carried on without further taxation. He said certain sections of the Press had taken up tbe idea that farther taxation was necessary, asd by continually harping on the subject had aiu.ost forced the hon. gentleman to take up the present measure, and that might probably be hi* excuse. Tbe scheme was not only as tue Chief Secretary said, not a perfect scheme, but it was an uniotolligibleone. (Hear, hear.) No light had been thrown upon thy Kill in either House. The deficiency of JkS*J,OOO had bora tpokeu ?i in another place as a deficiency on iwper, and if that OTj the case there was no cause for alarm.. The proper question was whether it was necessary to alter tlie incidence of taxation, aud whether Parliament would agree to it, therefore the curt had been put before tbe horw. (Hear, hear.) He thought he thoukl be able to show that there was another way of making up a deficiency than by this Bill. I'lit-ipt-jiiieJ balances were not htrietly speaking liabilities at all. They were merely the ghosts of liabilities, and not those that the Government could be called upou to pay. <Hear, bear.) There wax a great incli nation on the part of heads of departments to ipeud mouey pretty Uviahly when they could get it, and he felt cure (hat if Ministers looked into the accounts mere closely they would be able to strike oft most of the unexpended balances. No officer cared to strike these : off as it reflected on his capacity in pre paring the Estimates. It would be better to go on next year without unexpended ba lances at all. That Bill in its present form would give the Government nothiug. Would the Chief Secretary say that theeurreotexpen?3s would not be mot by the revenue? There was really no deficiency at tha present moment, and what right had they to expect that there would I one s< vun mouths heuce ? It was a libel on tin* country to ute the word " bankrupt" in con nection with it. the only liabilities bt-iug the bonded debts, which could not be claimed until due. He thought ft would be well to assimilate our tariff with that of New South Wales, point ing out that in many cases the duties there were higher than in South Australia, so that no loss could be occasioned. (Hear, hear.) The expen diture had not increased except with regard to establishments. Iv 1674-75 the amount spent in establishments was £657,000, aud now it w £1,057,000, showiDK au increase in four years of £-iU),000. The general public, he would say ad visedly, knew nothing of the effect of the pro visions of this Bill —(hear, hear) —aud he should | like tbu Press to point out to the firmer that every farming implement, every hotve and bul lock would be taxed. (Hear, hear.) He was not objecting to the Bill because the Chief Secretary had shown no deficiency, but he would show several ways in which a deficiency could be met should it arise. With the enor mous increase of money falling due every year for credit selections it was impossible that taxa tion would ever be required, and he quoted i figures which had been furnished by the Chief Secretary himself to support him in that statement. (Hear, bear.) Then, again, the Land Department could be made ■ from another source to meet any deficiency that ' that might arise. The Forest Board and Council of Education had granted to them 249,375 acres of laud, the amount of money received for the ! rent of these lands being now £19.350. The Government had many millions of acres of re sumed lands which brought ivan animal revenue of only £12,000 ag against£l9,3soreceived for not half -a-million acres. That was a point to which lie directed the attention of the Government. , (Hear, hear.) Then he would refer to the elas- ' ticity of the revenue. In 1672 it was £697,442, while in 1678-9 it had reached £1.672,811, au increase of nearly a millinn, which would do doubt go on increasing, and do away with the necessity of taxation. Then retrenchments could abo be made were a deficiency in the revenue to occur. The last point to which he would direct tbe attention of {he Chief Secre tary was that the railway* and other public works should be made to cotitribate something towards tlie interest of their cost. He found that an apparent profit of £27,000 had been made in working 302 miles of railway. He calk d it apparent because lie saw the Govern ment intended to include in the Loan Bill £273,640 for patching up these lines of railway whose aunnal returns were about £17,009. (Laughter.) He would move an amendment that the Hill be read that day six mouths. The Hon. H. SCOTT pointed out that the dif ference in the revenue from lands held by private persons and that held by the Govern ment was, because tbe Government lands were liable to be resi mcd at short notice. The main objection he had to the Bill was because of its partiality. If a Bill had been introduced pro viding for the taxing of all kinds of property, as well as those deriving large incomes from pro fessional pursuits, he would have voted for it.— The Hon. J. FISHER rose for the purpose of seconding the amendment. He said be had never heard the Chief Secretary make a lamer speech than he did in introducing that Bill. (Heax. hear.) He had really made oat no cue of deficiency, and Sir Henry Aycrs had shown that it did not exist. If a deficiency existed it was a disgrace to the Government, and be for one would not give them increased powers of taxation. When the revenue bad increased a million pounds in six years, the Government were unfit to rule the country if they could not make this increase meet their requirements. With regard to the incidence of taxation, he aid not believe it Bat unfairly on the workingclasses, and the working clasbes had uever complained by petition to that House or otherwise of being overtaxed. The working classes only paid large sums to the revenue on spirits and tobacco, aud it would not benefit them to take off the duty on these things. People of capital paid on every band and turn ; he paid more than his fair proportion of revenue through the Customs. The working classes knew nothing of the amount of revenue which the wealthyclasses paid on pianos, carriages, furniture, dress, wines, Sc, and the cost of luxuries in giving parties and entertaining their friends. He would have all Epecial votes that were not expended revoted the following year instead of being brought up as unexpended balances. There were various ways in which the Government could curtail their expenditure, such as cutting off gratuities and grants-in-aid. He instanced the item for the Bushman's Club, and could not Bee why the Government should subsidise that Club any more than the Club on North-terrace. The £50,000 grant-iu-aid to District Councils and Corporations should also be strnck off. Extra taxation was not required at tbe present time, and be wanted to know what the Government were going to do with the three or four millions that were coming in from the Crown lands in a year or two.—The Hon. J. PEAKCE contended that there was no necessity for increased taxa tion, and that the country was in so Bourithing a condition that tbe revenue was quite equal to the legitimate expenditure. He showed that even the railways were returning increased interest on tbrir ontlay and cost of working. With an in creasing traffic and improving income on the railways it was the fault of the Government if they could not reduce the lavish and wasteful expenditure. Before asking for increased taxa tion they should have tried retrenchment. Other sources of income were also increasing rapidly. There was a steady growing prosperity iv this colony which nothing eouldinterfere with. Tture was no class of the community more opposed to this Bill than the farmers, and he would vote against it.—Tbe Uon.C. B. YOUNG oppuecd the Bill. If taxation was immediately necessary, aud the incidence of taxation was to be amended, both things should be done together, or should be put off till tbe money was absolutely required. He believed the Bill would be thrown out, but not because it would touch the pockets of wealthy people. He opposed it because fresh taxation was altogether unnecessary.—The Hon. A. HAT opposed tbe Bill as a friend to the Ministry, because he was certain if all the machinery of this measure were set in motion there would b? such an outcry throughout the country as would result in the Government being ejected from oflice. The expense of collection compared with the amount to be derived from the tax would be very Urge indeed. A propoty tax was a fair tax, but it was absurd to tax the man who sent his money here for the development of the colony; money lent for this purpose should not be taxed. He contended that the working classes did not jay more than their share of the taxation through the Customs. Extra taxation was not required at the present time, but there was room for reducing the expenditure and making econo mical savings. It would be better to increase the Customs duties than to institute a new Fyetexn of taxation that would require a new ftit of officers and other machinery for collecting this revenue. The inquisitorial nature of some of the provisions of the Bill would also make him vote against it.—The Hon.W.SANDOYEK raid lie had heard a good deal of good argument during the debate but at the same time bad 1 eiird a great many fallacious arguments. With legardtomoney beingtaxed be said the moneyed men at the present time created a very large monopoly. He said there was often a glaring inconsistency in tbe statements of Sir Henry Ayers which greatly depended on which side of tlie House he got. Three yean ago he had stated that increased taxation was necessary (Sir H. Ayers—" Threeyearsago,"and laughter). If a liability occurred it was their duty to make up the deficiency. Very few Governments had had the courage to face a disagreeable duty such as the bringing in of an income tax. (Hear, hear.) The other House had greatly altered tbe shape of the Bill as originally intro duced. He firmly believed in the principle of a tax on property. The proceeds from this measure he felt sure would not be more than enough to me?t tbe current expenses. Not withstanding the inequalities of the measure he was sorry that he was in a minority and that lion, members could not agree with him in tlie support of the Bill. The power and influence of prcjierty had had much to do with the un t-cttlcd fctate of the Government in another colony. He thought if the Council were to throw out thi? Bill a very seriuus result would accrue. (Hear, hear.)— The Hon. J. CBOZIEU taid tlit wurLin£-class were not demanding tax ation. Even if it were necessary he thought tie liill before them was most objectionable, Slid he t-hould gladly help to throw it out.—The lion. It. C. BAKEK said although a. general iupi>orh>r of tbe Government he would be obliged to vote against them on that occasion. It was not a Government measure, vetr was it tbe Government policy but the policy of the Opposition. (Tlie Chief Secretary—"Xo.'") At any rate it bad been greatly mutilated, aud iE the Chief Secretary was not grateful to the Council for throwing out the measure he oughi to be. (Laughter.) He had long agreed that property in the colouy did not pay its fair share <.f taxation,but tlie Bill before them only affected one kind of property. Had the original measure introduced by the Government been carried in another place he should have been bound to support it. He would not support that Bill cji the contingency that a Bill to alter the incidence of taxation would be introduced next t-ei-sion. (Hear, bear.)— The CHIKF SECRE TAIIY Eaid he had done his duty in introducing the Bill, and would do so again, and it was no I'leasant task for a Minister alone to bring in tuch a Bill. He referred to the various objec tions which had been made to the Bill, and said it all went to show the country that the state ments that the Council represented property nveie true, and that no system of taxation on property would ever pass that Council. He t-aid in 1875 Sir Henry Ayers had introduced an amendment into the reply to the Governor's .Sj-etcb affirminc that taxation on property was necessary. How did the hon. member explain tbe fact that unexpended balances, which were a liability iv 1875, according to his own stato iik ut, were not a liability in 187S ? Hon. mem bers would see works on the list of unexpended ka!ances which were of absolute necessity, aud someofthemhadbeencommenced. The expendi ture on public works in many cases was not com merced until about fire or six months after the iiuaccial year had begun. It was far easier to riiid objections to a scheme of taxation than it was to introduce such a scheme. (Hear, hear.) Sir Henry Avers bad eaid a deficiency on paper would be laughed at; but he evidently considered it a liability iv 1875, because it suited his purpose. It was impossible for him to answer all the objections made then. The ouly tangible argument used against tbe Bill was zhat made by the Hon. A. Hay, that a taxation scheme was obnoxious to the people; but if they waited until they could get a scheme that wa? not obnoxious they would wait till all time. He had never stated that the colony was approaching a state of bankruptcy, but he regarded such a remark as preposterous. If a. Customs Union was'to take place between New South Wales and South Australia it would have to be of a give and take nature. The elasticity of the revenue had been referred to as one of the hopes of the future, but tbe elasticity of the expenditure would be fully as great. He reviewed the objections raised at some length. He believed the Bill was perfectly right, tbit the incidence of taxation required altering, that property had not been paying its prog>er share of taxes, and that he had done righx in intro ducing it. He thought if the Council rejected that Bill they would be incurring a grave re eponsibility.—The question was put, that the words propesed to be struck out stand part o the question, and it was, lost on the following division: — Ayes, 11—The Hons. R. C. Baker, J. CroEier, 3. Fisher, A. Hay. T. Hogarth, H. K. Hughes, J. Pearce, P. Santo, B. A. Tarltou,C. B. Young, and Sir Henry Avers (teller). Noes, 2.—The Hon. W. Sandover, and the Chief Sec retary (teller) .5 RAILWAYS AND rARE LANDS BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY moved the first reading, which was carried, and the second reading fixed for Wednesday. ELECTORAL ACT AMENDMENT BILL. The Bill was read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Wednesday. At 033 p.m. the Council adjourned till the following day. 