SPORTING, NOTES FROM ENGLAND. OfiiUffHtNCEMEHT OF THE RACING : season. ? TBs Tih WraFPiiBB. I ... ; Lohdon, 12th ApriJ. , ' Tbo gorse iauprootod, ? , . ? ? , . Tho foxhound is dumb ;' fee; finnting- is over (for the season I mean, \- therefore only read the second line) and coursing too, and -we are two weeks and moro gone into the legitimate racing year, having already ?wiped out a, whole host of meetings, from the o£ weatiejf that in the good old days was con sidered- spring like»-or our grandfathers lied— savage nor'-easters, bitter, biting- blasts prevail, ??that tefl the plovers when to scatter o'or tho leatfr and sing their wild1 notos to the listening TftBte*', Bat these 'cruel-seeming winds blow not in rain' we are told, and we wait patiently for the April showers that are popularly supposed to bring forth the May flowers, in the meantime stand: slavering and shaking, taking tho goods tho gods send us, which have been in tho shape Of capital sport. Yes, but little more than a fortnight einco the first saddling bell for the year 1878 sounded at Lincoln, and tho first event of the year, has now passed from memory, though \- when I wrote lost, and it is but a short month agone,, not a few of us wero endeavoring to anticipate the result with an amount of success I am afraid' that scarcely augurs well for tho future.. But it is the fashion to have a 'couple of sovereigta' 'on' the Lincoln Handicap. She opening week of tho Beason was indeed a busy one, for two suoh important gatherings as Lincoln and Liverpool ware crowded, into it, tho leading, item in the programme for the former feeing, the Handicap, and in that of the latter tho Grand National Steoplechaso ; and though cir. oumBtances combined to make the'chasB'? the tamest oa record, tho Lincoln Spring Meeting never opened with fairer promises both as regards sport and the character of tho attendance, Hvli.H. the. Prince of Wales wa3 the guest of Mr. Henry .Chaplin, M.P., during the two days' racing, and then journeyed on to Liverpool on a visit to; the. Eari of Sef ton and to see his first ©rand' National, and it wa3 a matter of regret a better 'race' was not ? forthcoming for tho ? Prince's delectation. But concerning Lincoln first; Twenty-seven runners faced the starter for the Lincolnshire Handicap— a large enough field without donbt, but still tho least numerous sinco Vcstminster won in 1873, and exactly the same number that wont to tho post when Treasure Sbrove and Gruy Dayrell were victorious. The race was won, it will bo seen, by the n ve-year-old bay geldinfpialeidoscopo, whose name two years ago I so frequently wrote in these ' notes from tome' in connection with the great threeyear old events, and particularly the Two. Thousand, Zu. that race it ma; be remembered ho ran third, his- defeat then, as well as in 'other events, later OU, being attributed to irritability of temper he had developed, which caused his then owner — -Lord Dupplin— to sell him, his present owner giving 700 guineas for him. Tho operation he baa since undergone at tho hands of a V,S. has evidently . dono him good— not often the case I -Ji may add— and he ran tho race under notice aB steadily and gamely as* one could wish. The fiiends-of the stable I believe won hoapa of money, the ?e commissions' being executed at ' thirtys,' and the horse started second favorite at G to 1 ; the 'others most fancied throughout including Tassel, Sidonia.. and Touchot, the property of lord- Eoaebery. The interest of tho. Lin coln meeting was far from being confined io the big race, and that tiaio- honored two year-old event, 'the Brocklosby, proved a great treat for sportsmen', for tho first timo in its his ttory ending in a dead heat. Whether tho powerfully built Dovoteo or tho. great slashing .aJrogedyoolt would have won the second timo of asldng ia a matter of opinion, as t]io owners of these.useful juvenilos wisely agreed to divide, not caring to risk- the results- of a second .spin so ? early in- the season ; and that no mean opinion is formed of the capabilities of each is shown by Devotee having no fewer than twenty-seven engagements, and the Tragedy colt thirly-two. I add'- accounts of these two Horns only, , as the others* on the card will scarcely be of interest 'to your readers. She Lihcoihshhib Handicap of 1000 sovb., added. to a sweepstakes of 20 sovs. each,, h. ft., for three-year-olds and upwards ; winners extra ; second received 50 sovs. out of the stakes, and the tWrd saved his. stake ; the straight mile; 122 subs., twenty-four of whom declared it. JJUr. B. Peok'sb g Kaleidoscope, by Speculum out ^ol HwiluBOr 5 yrs., 7 at. 12 lb. ? (Glover) 1 » &£.\stf! K°8y Cross, 4yra., 8 St. 1 lb.(Morboy) 2 Bordi Koaobeiy'B Tuuchet, i yra., 7 at. 1* lb. fcince'^oitytoirs'T^^Vs' yrs.V Vrt^lb! °. ^TVAnVloyVchVladyR^^ ° rie-18Bt.llb.- ? (Bnriow) O Vx. F. Lelcn'a Ohovro/i, i yrs.,. 7 st. io lb. -. .. ?? ? .(NewhniK(.'i n Connt P. de- Lagrange's Liua, 6 yiB., 7 st. O lb. _????♦?? ? » ? (Johnson) 0 ©Cunt F. de Lagrango'a Charivari III., 5 yrs., 7 ut. 01b ? (H, covey) 0 Mr. BoweB's Twino tho Plaiden, 5 yrs., 7 st. 8 lb. i«wd' Uosteven's'The'ohoat/ o'yrs.VV st. 7°°b. Colonel PbiillpivJuinViVrs.iyBtVsVb. .'(Watts) 0 Duie ol Hieaurorfs Ithona, & yrs., 7 st. 4 V Mr7 t!' Hufihea-s '6wtoi.'wi. ' 7 'Ife.' fffi! ° . ^VBwV'BSidonia/iVrs-.-V^t: Wtakej O M»Vw;K'shaw:sTeieVcop;;6#yrfl.,W!Tlb! ° HrV W.' h! Manser's' Suffoik'Lad' 0 yrs',0 st. 121b] ° Baroa A.'de*Hothgch'ifd'B'DoublonVi yi'a.'. Oat^mb (carried 6 st. 12 lb,) ? .,(j Jarvlai 0 Kr; W. OruTa MlUnirton, i yra., O st. 9 lb. (carried Ost.lOlb.) ? (Edwards) O ©apt1. A, Paget's Cincianatas, S yra,, C st. 8 lb. Mr. W. S. Grawfurd's Trommel, -4 yra',,'(j'at. 7 lb, _ ?? ? (Gallon) 0 Mr. F. Grctton's Suleiman, aged, 0 st. 7 lb. '??«?'????... ...-w ? (Mallows) 0 Mr. -is. Gaain's Luckpenny, 4 yrs., 0 st. 6 1b. «r*:V'nV ''?;?' ? (Weedon) 0 . 5;.i'' ?fc'awaraB's o by Jove out of Spec, iyw., 6 st. ft id._ ...... ? *???.?««..???,.?..,.?...» (Barker) 0 Mr. F. Grotton'a Antfent'p'istoi/TyrB., 0 st. ''''! ? ????? ? ........ (LeniniTe) 0 .Betting at start : 9 to 2 against Tassel, C to 1 Exleidoscope, 100 to 15 Sidonia, 9 to 1 Touchct, l«QJa8 each Cradle and Ithona, 100 to 7 Chevi 2Si^ir T^Mn? ft6 PlaidenJ O'eanist, to* Birffolk Latl, 22 to 1 Adamite, 25 to 1 Rosy orosa, 3ato I each Lady Eonald and Juan, 50 to leaoh Ghost and Mekpennyi ancl 100 to 1 each fiumefc and AnUent Pistol. Suleiman jumped ?ff in BDght command of lolcscopo, and with the pair crowding sail; they at once drew out from Suffolk Lad, Antiont Pistol; Cradlo, Eosy Gross, and: The Cthost. These wero followed by Kismet, Twine the Plaid'en, Cincin natus* and Chevron at the hoad of the second division, while Kaleidoscope antr Touchet soon figured half a dozen lengtha behind the leaders on the right, in which division Organisb was out paced at the outset, and the faded jacket of Sidonia could only be seen now and again in the ruck, A quarter of a mile from home Kaleido scope and Touchet took forward positions on the . whip-band, and Chevron wsts passed by Sidonia and Organist. Kaleidoscope now settled down to his work in earnest, and overhauling Bosy Cross at every stride, he went ahead after a narrow escape of a collision, and won a most exciting race by a length ; three lengths separating second and third, and two lengths third and fourth, the last named position being occupied by Touchet, who was not ridden out to the end when pursuit be came hopeless. At a wider interval Sidonia finished fifth, Suffolk Lad sixth, Organist seventh, Chevron eighth, Tronmel ninth, Telescopo-tenth, Antient Pistol. eleventh. Charivari III. twelfth, tho last three being Millington, Adamite, and Cincmnatua. Value or tho stakeB, £19G0. The Brocklesby Stakes, of 300 bovb*, added to a. sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, for two year olds; colts8st.l2 lb., fillies and geldings 8 st. 9 lb.; the second received 30 sovs., and the third saved his stake. Entrance, 3 sovd, Half-a- mile. 85 subs., 20 of whom deolarad forfeit. *AIr. J. Johnson's b c by The Rako out of Tragedy, 8,st. 12 1b ? -..;.-.'.(MnMment)*tw.O. tMr. Chaplin's b t- Devotee, by Hermit outi of Kailpyge, 8nt. 91b. ? (H. Jtffery) f Count FtiBtetio'e b c by Bliakhoolie out ol Curieuse, 8st. 121b.... ? (Constable 3 Mr. J. Alinirton's ch I Frivolity. 8 at. 9 )b. (Lontos 0 Prince Baithyany 'a Callitrix, 8 at. 0 lb. . . . . (Morris 0 Mr. O. Bush's Boudoir, 8 8t. 0 lb ? (Newhouse 0 Mr. Cameron's ch 1 Hcloise, 8 st, 0 lb. ? .(Parry 0 *JSir G. Chetwynd'a Cairngorm, 8 et. 12 ib. (Webb O *JMr. D. Cooper's Andrclla, 8 at. 0 lb. ,.(C. Wood) 0 Mr. P. Davis's ch t Ryegrasa, 8 at. 9 lb. . .(Barlow) 0 Mr. .Q. East's Florentine, 8 st. 9 lb ? (H. Wyatt) O +tMr. F.Gretton'a Eflle Deans, 8 st. 9 lb. (Cannon) 0 Mr. T. Jennings's Abbaye, 8 st. 12 lb ? (Morboy) 0 Count F. de Lagrange's oh o Beauclair, 8 at. 12 lb. _ ? -.. ? (Qoator) O Count F. do Lagraugc's Mcphisto, 8 at. 12 1b. ? (W. Johnson) O Mr. Maxwell's b J Heliotrope, 8 at. « lb. .. (Harding) 0 tjlfr. Savilo's f by Cremorne— Vertumna, 8 Bt. & ? lb ? _ ? ..(Glover) 0 Mr. B. ScboDeld's Kapanga, 8 at. 0 lb. . .(HUxtablo) O Horses marked * aro in tho Derby, f in tho . Oaks, } in tlio Loger of 1870. Batting : 9 to 2 against Androlla, 5 to 1 the Curieuse colt, 6 to 1 Dovotao, 100 to 15 the Tra gedy colt, 10 to 1 Cairngorm, 100 to 1 Efiio Deans, and 100 to 7 Frivolity. Devotee and tho Tragedy colt became level on tho post, and the verdict was a dead heat, with the third beaten half a length. Abbaye was a bad fourth, the Vertumna filly fifth, Cairngorm sixth, Andrella seventh, Frivo lity, Florentine and Heliotrope next. In the deciding hoat the Tragedy colt walked over, and the atakeB were divided. Tub Liverpool Grahd Natiohal SieemiH chase of 1000 sovs., added to a handicap sweep stakes of 25 sovs. each, 15 forfeit, and 5 only if ? declared ; second received 100 sovs. and the third saved stakes ; winners extra. Nearly four miles and a half. C3 aubn;, 15 of whom declared and paid 5 sovs. each. Mr. Jno Nit»b.tingall's br h Shifnal, by Saccharome ter— Countess, aged, 10 8t. 12 lb ? (J. Jones) 1 Cant.A. Crofton'a b m Martha, aged, 10 at. 91b (includiiiu 7 lb. extra) ? (r. Beosley) 2 Mr. J. H. Moore's ch m Pride of iiildavo, aged, ii at. 7 lb ? _..; ? (G.Moore) 3 Mr. J. Jessop's b g Boy no Water, Oyra., 10 at. 12 lb ? (j. Adorns) 0 Capt. Macholl'a ch g Jackal, aged, 10 Bt. 11 lb. ? , (Jewitt) 0 Mr. J. Hefford'a ch m Verity, ajjed, W st. 10 lb. (in cluding 7 lb. oxtra) ? (Gregory) 0 Capt. Davison's br m Misa Lizzie, 5 yrs., 10 at.*7 lb' Lord Lonsdafe's bh Curator, '6'yrs.','l() at, 51b. Mr. G. Brown'B h h Ujs Lordship,' 6 yrs.', 10 at. 51b (carried 10 st. 7 lb. ? ..(It, PAnaon) 0 Duko of Hamilton's b h The Bear, 5 yrs., 10 Bt. 4 lb ? , ? 4- (ifnrsh) 0 Mr. T. J. Clifford's b g Northtiuot, 6 yre., 10 at. -r31b* ????????, ? (C Lawenoo) 0 Mr. J. G. Blako'a bor br h Tattoo. Cyrs.,10 at. 31b. ? ....(W. Cauavan) 0 Betting at start : 9to 2 against His Lordship 5 to 1 Boyne Water, C to 1 Prido of Kildare, 7 to 1 Shifual, 10 to 1 The Boar, 100 to 7 Jackal, and 20 to 1 each Verity, Martha, Miss Lizzie and Curator. After a couple of breaks away tho signal was given at about 3.15, and Shifnal made play from Miss Lizzie, Martha, Jackal and Cura tor, the next three being' Pride of Kildare, The Bear and His Lordship, whilo Northfleet brought up the- roar behind Tattoo, Boyne Water and Verity. This state of things did not last long, aB although Tattoo was aa. lame as a cat, he ran into the front rank before entering the country, and hold a position at the first fence, which enabled him to scatter confusion broadcast. By turning round juafc as His Lordship and The Bear were following him to the jump ho cannoned the pair, and haying thrown both of them into the ditoh, something struck I'Anson on tho left shoulder. The example spread to Verity and Northfleet, who refused on' the right, and at once reduced tho field into anarronr compass. Sljifnal, MisaLizzie and Martha alternately, led down to Becher's Brook, which Miss Lizzie crossed in command of Jackal, Shifnal, Curator; Martha, and Boyne Water, and Pride of Kildaro whipped in to the succeeding post and rails, whoie Jackal swerved the wrong side of the boundary flag, and lost a couple of hundred yardB or more in retracing. Still the pace was slow down the Canal si-Jo, and Miss Lizzio was attended by Martha and Shifnal, clear of Curator, Boyne Water and Pride of Kil« dare, until entering the inner circle of the race course, when the rear Rnk took close ordor and jacuai joined tnem. Over the thorn fence, parallel with the distance post, Shifnal was lead ing Martha a neck, and daylight separated the pair at the Stand, water, Miss Lizzie going on third, Jackal fourth, Curator fifth, Pride of Kil dare next, and Boyne Water last. The latter, who dwelt considerably on landing, by no means flattered his friends, and when they re-entered the country, the Irish mares' steered to the left and the others to the right. Shifnal and Martha continued to head each division until they a«ain came together at Becher's the second time, with Martha now showing the way by two or three lengths from Pride of Kildare, Shifnal, and Miss Luszie, while Curator was occupying the stern most berth. At the same timo a hundred yards would have covered the lot to Valontine'a, when Shifnal once more pawed Martha, and Pride of Kildare and Miss Lizzie laid up with them until a mile from home, whore tho last-named began to compound. Boyne Water, Curator and Jackal were also tiring and when Martha came on to the flat with Shifnal at her girths, there was a tremendous tail, as Prido of Kildare, who wont on third, had a dozen lengths the best ofJBoyne Water, with nearly as much between Curator, Jackal and Miss Lizzio, in the order given. Prom tho five furlong post Pride of Kildare gradually stole up to the two leaders, and when Bho turned into the straight at their heels her chance looked, perhaps, tho best, aa Jone3 was getting uneasy upon Shifnal. Still at the second flight of hurdles frpm home her pride waa ' humbled,' and of the other paw Martha looked to be going the better to the distance timber, when Shifnal seized an advantage of almost a clear length. This put tho finishing touch upon an exciting struggle, as all the powder was now out of Martha, and with Mr. Beasley dioppiDg bis hands opposite tho stand, he suffered Shifnal to get home a two lengths* winner, wrfch Pride of Hijdare o' ba* tllird, and Jackal1 a worse' fourth. Miss Lizzie trotted in. fifth, . and tho other, two stopped amongst the orowd1. Atf objection to the- winner on the grounds of foul riding waa quickly over ruledl , . MoEnrenx Shakes, of 10 sova. each, wilt 300 added, for two; year olda j colts 8 st. 12 lb., fillies 8 st. 9 lb,,; winners extra; second received lOper cent, and the- third saved stakes; straight half mile ; sixty-oight v Bute., twentj-oaa of whom paid. v ? '' , ?'; , ?..,-.?? Sir Or. ?Chatwynd'8 roorbc Royal, by Kingcraft' out ot Freak, Sat. 121b.. ? ;..... ..(F. Webb) 1 Mr. C. Wanton's ch o Leghorn, 8 st. 12 lb.(Cannon) 2 Lord Calthorpe'a bo NlghtingalOi & st. 12 lb. ? .-»...,........ ? (P. Archor) 3 Mr. H. £. Beddingtoa'a b c.CharlcB 1L, 8 st. 12 lb. ? ,.«......: £...... ? (Glover) 0 Capt. Davison's b f by If; Trumpeter, out ot Chic. 8 st. 01b.. ? (A. Wood) 0 Mr. Bllerton's b I Bomnna, 8 at. 9 lb ? (B. Wyatt) 0 Col. Forester's br, c Barley Sugar, 8 st. 12 lb. ? ???? ? (Constable) 0 Mr. R. Schofleld'a b c &ru; Francisco, 8 Bt. 12 lb. Mr. I. Steven's i-r i Fanny Guy,'8st.'8'lb..(Parry) 0 Mr. Vyner'a b t Faustina. 8 at. 9 lb. ... . . (Huxtablo) 0 Betting :' 5 to 4 on ITightingale, 100 to 15 agsfc. Royal, 7 to 1 Barley Sugar, 8 to I each Komana and Leghorn, and 10Q to 8 SoaFrancisco. Barley Sugar cut out tire work from Nightingale and Royal, in the centre, arid this trio was followed by Leghorn on the left for' a, quarter of a mile, when tho favorite took his colors to the fore. Ho began to tire,; however, at tho distance, and gave way to Royal, who was challenged half way up by Leghorn, but struggled on as straight as an arrow, and won by a head j three lengths Dotween second and third, and. one. length between third and fourth. Roinaua, was fifth, the Chic filly sixth; Society and Sport have recontly lost an orna ment. Captain W. H, Cooper, known aa ' Billy Cooper' amongst his familiars, died, qnito re cently. He was one of; the best known patrons of coaching in England, and was: identified with sporting pursuits very early in lifej as he hunted with the Old Surrey as a boy, and figured amongst tbo hard riding undergraduates ; at Oxford in tho days of Mr. Drake and Jem Hills. A strong taste for driving also marked him out at tho University, and this characterised him through out his hie, as, although he occasionally ownoda few racehorses, ho would rather drive down ' tho afternoon Dorkiug' than go ten miles to see them ? run. -In conjunction with the late Mr. Chandos Pole, Captain Cooper horsed and drove the Brigh ton coach in. 1872; but since then 'Cooper's coach,' aB it was called, did the Dorking road, and the Btartfrom Hackett's with Buch an artiBfc as Captain Cooper on the box has been one of the London .seaHon sights. Last year an_accident bo fol the coach by an overturn, owing to tho polo breaking, and Captain Cooper sustained injuries which, although at the time not considered serious,, were, ultimately the cause of death. Captain Coopor, who waa liked and respectod by all who kuow him', was in his fif ty-ninth year A fa^r words now in connection with coursing, From private sources I gather that you may;, possibly have some little, trouble in con nection with entries for produce stakes, and that because many puppies havo been entered without names, the. said entries are by somo authorities in your part of the world considered illegal, andlhata'protosfc could be sustained, and failing that an action at law lie.' Now I havo always understood, that your National Coursing rulos are copiedfrom the National Club rules of England, only making a few alterations as to dates in order to suit tho differonco in ' seasons' If this io the caso, I can tell the coursers of Aus. tralia that entrieB made on produce stakes with' out giving puppies' names are not illegal provid ing particulars of age, pedigree, and color are forwarded in writing to the secretary. There is nothingin the N. C. C. rules of .this country to make an entry of this description illegal, and it is frequently done here. I may mention, how ever, that the Altcar Club— the Jeading club in England — havo a special clause in their rules to the effeot that ' names must bo given to the puppies-entered,' and it would perhaps be as well for colonial clubs to follow the example. ' Another of those ' exhibition' pedestrian con tests has recently taken plaice' at the Agricultural Hall, Islington, London, and the. moving spirit in the affair was Sir John Dugdale Astley, Bart. M. P., and a steward of the Jockey Club. For tho purpose of encouraging this kind of sport, improving it, and purifying it, Sir John guaran teed money prizea for the greatest distance covered in six days, the competitors to 'make tho bestof their way?' morning, noon and night, taking rest and refreshment to suit their own wantsand inclinations. There werenear rjpon a score com petitors including O'Leary, the Irish-American, who it will be remembored defeated Weston, tho American champion walker, a short time since the rest being Ebglishmen. O'Leary, in order that there might be no grounds for g'rumbling— so said Sir John—had a track marked out to him self, while tho others were compelled to tumble and scramble over a second, and this of course after the affair was over caused no end of grumb ling, Not that in ray .opinion it altered or in fluenced the reanlt,,aB O'Leary is an old hand at this kind of circus-performance— it can be called notmngolse— andof couraewon very easily, having walked, it was stated, the greater part of the journey, only running or trotting during aportion of the second day, Tho best distances at the end ofsixdaya were O'Leary, 520 miles ; Vaughan, 500 miles ; Brown, .477 miloa : Ido, 405 miles. The ' gate-money' was something over £3000, and O'Loary's sharrf' as winner was £750, while Vauglian received £200, Brown*£105 ; and Ido £55, the majonty of the others recoiving small sums. Whethor such-competitions can bo classi fied under the head of sport is a matter I feel strongly upon, and I have more than once ex pressed my opinion, One thing is certain, they evidently answer as ' gate-money' ventures. In a few days wo shall havo commenced the enckot season, and I therefore send vou n. lUt. nf matches already arranged to bo played by tho Australians in this country : — 28th May.— Lords : Tho Australian Eleven v. M.C.C. 80th May.-Hudder,ficld : Iho Australian Eleven V. Yorkshire. 8rd June-Oval : The Australian Eleven v. Surrey, 6th Juao.-Ellaud: Tho Australian Eleven v. EJgfi teen ol Klland, ? ? b 10th June.— Batley; Tho Australian Eleven v. Eighteen ol Batley. ^ 13th Juno.— honxBight: Tho Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Longslght. 17th June.-Prrnco'a : The Aussralian Eleven v. Gentlemen ot England, 24th Juno.— Birmingham : Tho Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Birmingham, .. . 27th June:-Leeds : The Australian Eloven v. Eiyh teen ot Hunslet. ? 1st Jiily.-Sheffleld : The AuatralUn Eleven v. York Bhiro. 4th July.— Btockp'ort : Tho Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Stockport. 8th July-Swansea: The Australian Eloven v. Eij?hteon of South Wales. lltb July--Oldham : The Auetralfan Eleven v. Eighteen ol Oldharu. 18th July.— Loiceater : Tho Australian Eleven v. Leicestershire. 18th July.— Hull : Tho Australian Eloven v. Eigh teen of Hull. - h 25th july.-Crcwo : Tlic- Australian Keven v. Eigh teen of urev/e. b 20thJalv.-Ke!ehley: Th? Auatralian Eleven v. Eighteen of Keighloy. lat Aug.— nochdalo : The Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Rochdalo. 8th Aug.— Liverpool : The Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Liverpool, Stanley Club. 12th AugUBt.— Dudley : The Australian Eleven v. Eighteon. 16th Aug. -Manchester : Tho Auotralian Elcvonv. lancaahiro. lUtli Ausr.-Yoadon ; Tie Australian Eloten v. Eighteen of leaden. 22nuvAusr.— Scarborough : Tho Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of ScarborouKb« 20th Aug.— Hastings : The Australian Eleven v. Eighteen of Hastings. 29th Aug.— Brighton : Tho Australian Eleven v. Subsox. _ , - 2ndSopfr.—0yal: Tho Australian Eleven Y* Playcra otEngland. 9th Sent.— Cllltou : Iho Australian Elevea v, Glou* ceaterahiro. 