ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Last Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal, there was a half-amateur performance, for the benefit of the Convent of the Good Shep herd, which suffered in the late floods. The young gentlemen who gave their services are the same, I Relieve, who appeared some months ago at St. George's Hall as the Roscian Dramatic Club, and they played the same piece as they did on that occasion namely," Loreda, the Recluse." Until yester day I did not know who wrote " Loreda, the Recluse." The Roscians ought to have made the authorship known, not because "Loreda," &c.;, is a great play, but because it would have gratified people's curiosity to know the name of a gentleman who could take so much trouble to achieve such limited results. I hasten to supply the omission of the Roscians. " Loreda, &c.;," was written by the late Mr. David Burn, of Tasmania. It was published at Hobart Town in 1842,, but I do not know if it was pver played in that colony. Mr. Burn was an author of some repute, and he wrote some interesting histories of epi sodes in the early days of Tasmania. He has left several unpublished things, and they may be given to the world very shortly. Loreda is a misanthrope of the Stranger order, and his misanthropy lias been caused by a like misfortune-namely, the loss of his wife. Some people do not regard this kind of loss as a misfortune, but, as I need hardly remark, different men have different views. Loreda, however, unlike the Stranger, has lost his wife, in some way not well ex plained, by force of arms. He has been van quished, and. she. has been captured and married. But her oaptor and, lord tyas tired of her, as Richard the Third tired of his wife .Anne, and he is found taking measures to have her drowned, as a less disagreeable method than cutting her throat. Healso compasses thp death <of Loreda, whomthe hates the more lor having twice saved his life. I think this is nearly all t)ie business . proper to the sto^y, if you except the item of a toy, who does not know who his father was, and whose doubts ar$ shared by his mother. JU>reda ,triumphs, of .course; he slays rthe hired murderers, and afterwards stays ttye . et* thiB latter has hiB revenge, for, jnBt as he is about to give up the ghost, he gets hold pf a dagger arid slays the fody. So it will be seen, there is a good deal of . killing in the piece. To prevent your being too miserable on that account, some comic Bctnes are introduced. ^They are tempered , «omic scenes, as if the author had not .wished to prompt^ Jour risibility to a degree tacon* "with the Solemnity of the much *uhn£. J do not knoW where -ail this homi happened, but. the epoch, according to toe' costume, was soinewhere about 'two, Wl}tyWej3. ago, when theykilled e&teh; other .B9®ewtytfreely. ,',rr : . ? ^®:®c^gv^ttW^e'feeaiY(srageofapiate\»r ^presentations, :fit^ough[ several erf t'hem ?om a mind tohave it wto tkenwelm. it seemed as if a man's voice now and then Blipped down into his boots. I have ob served the same thing to happen in court, and the combined entreaties of judge, jury, counsel, and usher could not persuade a witness to " speak up." People who shout like Boanerges off the stage and out of the witness-box, will drop to a whisper when they face an audience or a judge. It is only just to say, however, that this confidential mode of speaking was not universal among the Roscians, but that some of them did speak up. There were only two female characters in ' Loreda," the lady about whom all the trouble had happened, and her serving woman, and these were played by Miss i Neville and Mrs. Appleton. The former lady j looked majestic in white raiment, and.' the latter sparkled with a customary pretti* ness. j The second portion of the performance did not include any amateurs, and consisted of " Wsh Lion." Perhaps there is no farce around which more interesting memories cling than this one. At this day, however, it has a Bomewhat Antiquated flavout, but it contains much fun for all that, and of this Mr. Greville makes a great deal, as need hardly be remarked. MisB Carrington played Mrs. Fizzgig, and was quite, in her element. There was not a crowded house on this occa sion. Perhaps the attendance. was equal to the performance, for, however worthy may be the cause for which a performance is got up, you do not generally find people disposed to go to the theatre for reasons other *hn.n that they can be agreeably entertained. OnMonday,Miss Jane Coombsmadeher first appearance in Australia at this theatre. Miss Coombs is a handsome woman,notpretty in the sense commonly understood, but with a face and figure striking and stately. Her facial expression, however, is not of that kind which changes quickly. It indicates intel ligence, but it is not spiriiml. Her move ments are dignified but not lithe; her attitudes and carriage are classical and statuesque, so that, as might be supposed, she does not excel in passionate declamation. She appeared in the part of Camille, and I hardly think it was a good selection, for Miss Coombs does not excel in emotional power. Besides, she has beautiful arms, and her voice is indicative of physical strength, and these are attributes not favourable for the re presentation of tubercular consumption. She looked too well nourished to be dying of phthisis. Parenthetically, I may remark that! I think it would be well, where external ap pearances are unsuitable for the representa tion of a particular disease, that the disease should be changed. Thus we might substi tute aneurism, or valvular disease of the j heart, or apoplexy, all of which may co-exist with an apparently well- nourished condition of body. I throw out thia hint both to dramatists and actors. Heart disease would be most convenient, as it is always pre cipitated by mental emotion. Speaking gene rally of Miss Coombs, I think she made an agreeable impression. She certainly con ciliated the audience by her handsome ap pearance and her soft, clear voice, and if she did not take them by storm by the force of great acting, it might be because she acted in a character not the best suited to display her talents. Mr. Vincent played Armand. The charac ter^ generally understood, embodies tender-1 ness, devotion, sincerity, and self-denial, with an overwhelming power of passion on occasion. But Mr. Vincent gave me the notion of a man in a condition of unceasing effervescence, always perspiring, and going off in declamatory detonations. I have seen the part played very differently. Mr. Appleton, for example, used to play the part admirably, and why he is not cast for it now, is probably due to some kind of pro fessional etiquette which nominally disen titles bim to the part. He was put into the less conspicuous part of De Varvifle, and, of course, acquitted himself to everybody's satisfaction. So did Mr. Taylor as St Frivole, so did Mrs. Appleton as Nanette, so Miss Carrington as Helene, and so Miss Mel rose as Michette. And concerning Miss Mel rose, I do not remember to have seen her name in the bills before. But she is a very pleasant, intelligent little lady, and in such characters as Michette she will assuredly be found useful. On Tuesday night Miss Coombs appeared in " London Assurance," and played Lady Gay Spanker. As a picture you could hardly have desiredanythingbetter. ForMissCoombs, as I have said, is a woman of finepresence, and she looked Lady Gay exceedingly well, and even if she had not resembled the ideal Lady Gay, she would have satisfied any reasonable expectation in the way of good looks. More over, she satisfied you also in. that her manner was pleasant and her carriage easy. If Lady Gay had been intended "by' the author to be a calmly amiable domesticated woman, in capable of flirting with an old baronet, not j^ivento horse exercise, joyous in a subdued way! and softly spoken, Miss Coombs would have represented her very well.: She m&de; you think of a comfortable woman, one who would . be on philan thropic committees, and to whom tho$e in much need would look up affectionately. So that her horsey talk, her riding-habit, her dalliance with Sir Btyrcourt, her conde scend^ regard for her husband, all seemed out of harmony with her bland, velvety dis position. She lacked the merry, devilismj without which there can be no Lady'Gay., Of thfi pestj Mr. Vincent will never playj Dazzl^ as you and I think it ought to bej played, '. J3e is too stiff , too angular, too sen-j tentious, too' oracular. Dazzle 'should be -completely At his ease, confident in himself J harassed fey no scruples, perfectly good-) humoured, and a master of tact. Mr. Apple-! toi's'Charles t^urtly was the best worked-ont chiu^wr in the 'performance. It was, .all itojrfessionalile, fastj ybuhg mart oftbe time, and in the;situation8 where a Marked ini'turner Was required, he i:.f\ ' fji .,v * ; was more than equal to them. I suppose until Mr. t&vaxfk; re-appears we shall not have a iSix Harcomt -who does not remind us how difficult, a part it is to play, even when BO good an actor as Mr. O'Brien plays it; nor a good Max Harkaway until Mr. Harwood is again among us. But Mr. Taylor's Dolly Spanker provokes no unfa vourable comparisons. It is good of itself, and doeB him credit for his self-reliance in not copying anybody else. And Mr. Greville can equally well hold his own as Mark Meddle, and Mifs Carrington her own as Pert Bat Mps Headway's " haughty Grace " can be so described, only on the " luctis <t turn " principle. Oil Thursday Miss Coombs played Lady Teazle., She looked well, and dressed ad mirably, and in some of the passages showed both that she understood the author and' could well interpret him. Mr. O'Brien has not improved upon his former representation of Sir Peter, but Mr. Appleton, as Joseph Surface, has done so decidedly, for all that it was never else than excellent If Mr. Vincent had tried to; make Charles Surface j unrecognisable, he conld pot have succeeded better than he thas succeeded without trying, for anything more unlike Sheridan's Charles Surface it would hardly be pos sible to imagine, lbs. Bryer's Mrs. Can dour may be regarded in like manner. But Miss Watt made a most pleasing Maria, and Mrs. Appleton developed well the venom of that intriguante Lady Sneenvell. Mr. Daniels played Moses, by permission of Mr. G. B. W. Lewis, of the Academy. He was well re ceived, and so he deserved to be. Mr. White was a very negative Sir Oliver, but Mr. Taylor maintained well his reputation as. Sir Benjamin. To-night a new piece, with the title of " Pique," will be produced. On Saturday night, at the Academy, Mr. and Mrs. and Miss Herndon appeared in a play with the title of '' Little Daisy." It is a sort of altered "East Lynne," only it is understood that the lady does not really sin, beyond going away from her husband in company with a gentleman whom, like Lady Isabel, she does not love. Her husband does not marry again, as Archibald Carlyle does, but he goes insane, and is led about by his little child. The Levison-in this instance Levick-is a villain of the exces sively selfish order, and appropriates what ever comes in his way. He has, conse quently, no scruple in converting to his own use a deed of gift, which the lady has re ceived. from her husband, and which she desires shall be returned to him. At last she learns that she had no cause whatever to be jealous of her husband, and so she determines, at any rate, to see him again. Their reconciliation and the gentleman's restoration to reason are brought about by the agency of the little child, the villain commits suicide, after first trying to shoot the lady, and, when dying, he exculpates the lady from all blame. There is a young lady, the daughter of the injured husband by a first wife, and there is her husband; but they are not greatly concerned in working out the plot; also there is an old groom, who maunders irrelevantly about a filly, and there are various subsidiary characters who, more or less, help to fill up the picture. To my thinking, however, by far the most inte resting of all the characters is the Little Daisy. I can readily enough understand that, played by an actress of less considerable ability than Little Bella-who, as you know, is little Miss Herndon, or who, at any rate, is said to be Miss Herndon-it might not have been half so interesting. But, as she represents it, there is communicated an interest of a very unusual kind. This young lady, I think, ought to be regarded as-by excellence-the star. She is a wonderful child, and she is charming, more especially in that she appears to be quite unconscious of the pleasure she communicates. If tjie play had been less interesting than it is, and if all the actors had been intolerable, which they are not, there would have" been quite sufficient attraction in the performance by reason of what she does in it. She is really child-like, and not cleverly child-like only. Mr. and Mrs. Herndon, as the misjudged husband and the misjudging wife, both played with an agreeably intelligent regard to characteristic effect. Mr. Ireland was the villain, and did his best to seem incorrigibly wicked. Miss Jessie Grey represented female villany, 1 but as she atoned for her sin by repentance and compensating kindness to those she had wronged, Bhe left an impression that she had more than a remnant of the angel still in her nature. And I think the audience were glad of this, for MiBS Jessie Grey is a favourite with everybody. Miss Ruth Grey was principally concerned in looking pretty as a bride, and it is needless to say that she did this with per fect satisfaction to everybody. It.should be added that the author of this play of "Little Daisy" is Mr. J. J. Wallace. I dare s^y you do. not knbw him any more ; than I do. Let us hope he will learn to write better plays in time. . On .Saturday night, at the Princess's, they reproduced ''Jessie Brown, or the Relief of Lucknow." " Jessie . Brown " has been played many times before in Melbourne ait various theatres, but not very recently. The story upon which it is founded is. a fiction, although some people still believe it to be true. It is ' a pretty Story, and it really does hot matter whether, it was true or not.' It serves very well for dramatic purposes,, and some good situations are got out of the dream and its con comitants. With exception of Mrs. Gladstane> all the actors and actresses Who are now con cerned in the cast, are new,to the parts they play, so far as Melbourne is concerned. Of Mrs. Gladstane, lier excellent acting as the heroine has .before been,d>relt upon. ' Mr. Ogden, afl the .principal'soldier of the . story, made a. very valiant'warridE indeed, and having had actual experience in re&lwarfare;, he was, I imppose, thfeinore^eriifibly mat'ti^l.i He produced'th^atlsoi^of effe^in'theaudience which makeB everyone feel himself to be a participator in the action-a good test of an actor's power. Mr. South did the chief villany, and, as the audience howled at him, yon may conclude he was a deep-dyed villain of a very bloodthirsty order. Mr. Boothman was only negative in interest as the other prin cipal soldier. Mr. Power and Mr. Lewis stood on the comic side of the picture, and if they did not look very like what they j were supposed to be, they at least prevented the audience from becoming too depressed with the prevalent homicidal colouring of the play. But Mr. Wallace must be Bingled out for especial commendation for the manner in which he developed the peculiar humour of the Reverend David Blount. It is easy to ex? aggerate, and therefore to burlesque, a character of this kind; but Mr. Wallace is too good an actor to spoil a legitimate effect by illegitimate eccentricities. Miss Maher reasonably represented. matronly attributes as Mrs. Campbell, and Miss Foley, as her sisteir, very pleasantly represented the British maiden whose courage makes brave men braver.. The piece was put upon the stage with an attention to scenic particulars which doeB Mr. Grist aiid his assistants much credit. i Next week Mr. Ogden takes his benefit, and will produce on the occasion a new and original piece, by Mr. E. C. Martin, with the somewhat familiar title of " What May Happen to a Man in Victoria." ' I give a short account of the plot and the circum stances which suggested it. Some time ago an Italian charcoal-burner was found guilty of murdering his mate. He was con demned and hanged on circumstantial evi dence. Blood and human hair were found about the dead man's hut, certain articles were recognised as having been the property of the deceased, and these were found in the possession of the accused. More over, the calcined remains of a human body were discovered among the ashes of a charcoal kiln, which had been built by the supposed murderer. These were the main facts established at the triaL Considerable doubt arose as to the guilt of the prisoner, and the Executive was moved on his be half, but without effect. The law took its course, and the man was hanged. The ob ject of the author of this drama has been to construct a story showing that all the cir cumstances above narrated might be arrayed against a man under suspicion, he being yet innocent. The victim of circumstances in the drama is a German selector of superior parts. He has an Irish partner given to liquor, and devoid of moral principle. The partner loves the German's wife, and asks her to elope with him to Queensland. The proposal is indignantly rejected, but not at once revealed to the husband. A rup ture is, however, precipitated between the partners, owing to the Irishman, in a fit of drunken passion, kissing the German's wife. A. fight occurs and threats are uttered. In the next act we learn that blood was found in the deceased's hut, that threats had been heard by neighbours, and that the remains of a charred skeleton were raked out of the charcoal kiln. The second scene in the second act shows the court and the con demnation. In the next act a discovery takes place, which results in the condemned being resuscitated. In the fourth act he appears in a£disguise, with the intention of discovering the secret of his unjust condemnation, and in the fifth act that discovery is made. The man supposed to have been murdered re. turns after a year's absence, under an assumed name. But he is entirely changed. He is repentant, and anxious to make amends as far as possible for the wrong he has done. Still loving the wife of his partner, whom he supposes to be dead, he proposes mar riage to her, and she, though knowing the true character of her lover, affects ac quiescence, in order to make sure of the establishment of her husband's innocence. The murdered man is entrapped into an avowal before several witnesses, and then the exculpation and the epilogue follow. Mr. Ogden's benefit will take place next Thursday. On Monday night, at the Opera-house, the Soldene Company gave " Barbe Bleue," or, as some will have it, "Barbe Bleu." We have been, on several occasions made familiar with the opera, bnt, as need hardly be remarked, the cast is now a new one. Miss Soldene isBonlotte. If you have not seen her in this character, you can readily imagine with what spirit, fun, and delightful recklessness she flings herself into it, and from what you have seen of her in some other parts, where a parenthetical bit of seriousness was interpolated, you can also comprehend how astonishingly true are those incidental morsels 6f real feeling, which are employed with good artistic effect in this opera, to make thegrotesqueness by contrast appear the more grotesque. For Miss Sol dene is such a complete mistress of her voice,; that she can bend it at will to the ex pression either of tenderness or travestie. She carries you with her, and makes you mad, merry, or melancholy, as the humour is upon her. And, although her company are not equal to herself in this power of in fluencing a . listener, they axe so well dis ciplined that they second her efforts quite surprisingly. : Thus Mr. Marshall, as Bo beche, necessarily keeps you in a simmer of laughter all the time he is on the stage; so also of Mr. Wallace as Queen Clementina. Mr. Campbell, who takes quite a new view of Blue Beard, pleases you none the less because it is not the old terrible conjugicide. Miss Liddle pleases, if dhe does not astonish, you as Prince, Sapphire, and Miss Vesey charms .you by her. rare prettiness as Fleurette; and although' you would have looked for something ./more striking: from Mr. Farley as Popojani, you ar^, #t any rate, moderately well contented with him. Altogether " Barbe ."Bleue," br " Bajrbe' Bleu," as the .case may be, by1 the Soldetae Company is a performance to, go and see and hear- when you are sad^ and want to b3 genuinely and pleasantly aurased.1 Kelly ana Leon's minstrels have changed! the programme, but the crowds who go there are just the same. And the music'and tha fun are just as good, and the only Leon ia just as wonderful. TAHITE. 