ZA IF INTEL Tj TO ItXCE, I SUPREME CO U R'J\ I Wednesday, fenndaity 27, 1878. I FIRST COURT. I Bofora His Honor tlio Chief Justice ( 81. I Francis Smith.) H \- "- ' ''PincHNv-, - - Goorgo Kitolion surrondorad to his Inil I and was: jilncod 'at '.tlio bar 'to ahswo'rftb' L I oiiorgo of larcoiiy, H had yesterday I objoctod to ins trial, 011 tlm'CTouml'll,Vt H ho iliad', boon tnod >itndi .daquitted iat'tlA Hamilton Polioo Court, - H . After somo discussion/ His Honor do. I cidbd . tliat 'tlio' priabnor. should ' slnnd lih I .trial' on tho charge' profAirb'd iigiinsi ),im I and.ha.accordihgly ronmndo'd hiiii'till 10 I olclock to-day, nnd in- tlio meantimo ifsolj. I stantial bail iwb'ro , forthcoming His' Hohor I nuttiu niuuuiisu tu bu.uu HiKCll, i" l/,:| H ' fcl»o prisoiior wiis thori'romamlod'ih cus. I .todyrfrouiitlio'dook.',.: a H .""A'i'MOKnitfe.H tr..-«.ii.p.<i! I JVrahfcis' Slioai-an" wraJ'hmighbd %, . I blinrgu of .having,. 011. .November 5,0877 I Wilfully murdered '0110 Lawronco Farron' I iniPovorty. Gully; -Nprth WpstJJay.n/ ri'1 I Tho prisonor pleaded not guilty J.i I was dofondod by Mr. A. I. Olarko. I Tlio fonbwmg'gontlbman cbinpisod tlio I toy ton, Lawronco kolly, Cl. Bhiloy,' David I Hoiglilniuls, Daniel Garlick, Oliarlci Ai I Leator:;W: Lbvoll, F. M. Trap,' S.' Piiiooi I AlfredRoliort'Symons.';', 11 ! I Tho; A ttbriioy-Gonbral ,l gavo aii .batjino I of'tho/fncjM of , tlio. ciisb, and called ' I Jiimos ';M |!:(Clai,ko/ ' Government sur. I reyor,' who ' sworn stated tlmt lid paid a I visit' te'tho.localitynamcd, .and gate a I tppographirartdoscidptiohithereof. I . ' .Robbrt ; Wnltor'j1 Stewart, district 'con- I atablo 'deposed that ho' hml.'soen tho'deail I body "of Lawronco Fairon,' at Manrato I North West.. Bay.. . O'nlOtli Ndvomlicr I went; to tho, residence ,'of prisoner with I ;Fiiih" 'r.-.nncl, Jamds'i"/Leyan'.f and, saw I thero' prisonor "and '' his wife.) Witness I aske'd' riprieohof '-'for, the " loan of a I spade, .which; lid 'hint, and then told him I tlihtdio (witness) whs going to_Jonknta I ;ir61eafc"tlie bottom of liis gnrden. Prisonor I stud, thoro,, were some large holes nti tlio I bottom of his place, 'and ho ' might ' got I intbono'of .'thorn, 'and1 also' told witness I that his cow had got into a holo. nml ho I had covered up that h'olo.; ' 'Witness askod I prisoner1 if lio had - seen Farrbn's ghost. I Ho laturhod. and., said 110. for the mata nf I a vessel in wliioh' he cahio out said iylien I a hian was killed lio lriy stilb Went , with I Jnmos Levan to the hole, and left Finn I in cqnvorsaUon.\vith'.prisohor,'and before I -witness liad como:to.tho;hole ho saw Finn I and prisonor coming in that direction. I Finn jouied witncss, but-.prisonor.-did I not;1' Witness ' and ':Fiun ;cbinmenchd to I dig ' iii ': tlie holo, whW they ' caiho I upon a largo log, ovor a ton. in weight. I Thoy '''romoved this- ori - ono i; side, I and I found 'Underneath t a ' cjimhtily of I bouglis, limbs of trees, and earth ranged I m.,ttlteriitttp layors.;;; Thofdopthuuf' the I layers was. about 6 ft.- fLeyan, whilo work- iiig Svith the spado, struck; upon . iV and, after witness iiscbrtaiued > it was the body, and ,praciucd 'assistance 'ahd'had1 it takon to'tlie StarTnn, .On cxamimng the clotli- ing ' of the corpse witness found some receipts, in the , waistcoat . pockety -.. The riglit-hahd sido p'ockot of tiio trousers was I turned inside out, and tho waistcoat from I tho shoulder was torn or cut. After the body was found, witness went to Sliearan's houso to' look "for prisoiior, arid saw his wife. On Nov, 17 til witness .saw prisoner at tho ' WateUdiduso, 'Kingston, with Deny, wJio said/"rTliqro, I huvo brought hiui in ; 1 1 you' !can'.'Jdo" wliat'...yph ' "like! " "Wlibri charged with' the liuirdbr'. of ,'Irfiw- renco Farron',. i>risonbr saiddie was rrj lio: ran. away ;'.tbat ho "was1 too5, ill to'liolp ftnd:burst'tlio Iog! j1, . ' ('. "By'Mri Clarke : The body, whon ,'thkoii out- of the hole, was wrappod ' in a riigj and carriod'by two ihon/ ' ' " r ' " By the Court :,Tho .body, was j found at a depth of 0' ft'. '/ underneath' several layers j of earth and ritbbialu The log wasrlying I on' tlie top of tho hole, dirbcUy Over ' tlio I body. IPatrickFinn, constabloin the territorial polico at i North-west . Bay/ deposed 'tliat lie saw tho body of Lawronco Farron at tho inn at Margate ; on . Novdinbor 13. Tlio hist timo, witnoss saw.r Farron alivo wns'W or about, October 4. On November I lOfch'withesa' accbinpnriidd Mr.' Sto'wart to I prisoner's hut,, and had conversation witli tlio.prisonqr.! . Witness horo detailed (oir- cumstanccs connected witli tho discovery of tlio corpse, y On y0th Septembor.,lait wlidn'witndss' wonV. to.. prisoner's - lio'usoy prisoner said, 'Old Llirry hiis bbon.circu- Jftting a .report tliat Lhave poisoned liiin, nnd I shall not go to his liousd'ngnin, and shall gqf(and ago Sfej- Stoyart about it" Witness could not' swear that' Farron ' had or carried about him ( money. njDccease(l lived ' cliidfiy' :on potatoes. " ' 1 By Mr.'- Olai'k John Denohov told ine on 20th' Oetobor tlmt Fnrrdh was missing. I saw Farroii|On the,. 4tl) Oetobor, when I was told Farron ' was' 'missing. I went to his, hut. and fqund it locked op tlie outsidq ' by "a " padlock. I v thop ,.raqdo enquiries. in the neighbourhood; arid wroto to(Mrt< tewar oq the mgttor. .Excepting the rumour 'concerning tho' soup' I d6 not know of any quaiTol oxisting botweon prisonor and docoifsod/"" Robprt Stewart,, recalled, doposed to having found" receipts' pro'diioe'd 'in the hut of prisoner. .cjiixauutji xoung, a resident at JNortn Wo8|i Bay, doposed. that Farron had always liybd;iii sccliisioni,' arid'liis diot was composed .chiefly of pbtotbesl: His. food was - partictiliirly < poor ! after, Jiis/ w'ifo wafl placed in. the InviUid Dbpotr,' which' was at Christinas,'' 1870; 'Noticed that he oarriod latterly' round his neck a smql) blaok bag, S?. which on ono/ pccasiop .he'took ! half i crpwn. This iyos 1 in tlio mofith qf:MarcH 1877\. On Oth witness wont tq John Dorielieyfs liouao/r 'and :dn) going ipat Sliearan's houso noticed alight as if coining from a Iqrch.'ii'Tlps ji.waB at qboi|t four o'clock on Friday morning, fitli Oct, On the Oth October, witness was going to " """ wwiwuujr a, anu on passing oiiearaH » place his dog barke'd, ond'shb noticed pri soner coming up from the direction of tho holo whoro afterwards tlio body was found. He was coming up in a hurrriod manner, and/whorihosaw witness, 'hesaid/lt Halloa mistress, is that you," or words to that oflbct. Witness asked Jiiim how his wife was. Ho Bajd she was inside and was ill, and. after. a'timb witness! called at tlioi liut but found Mrs. Shearan did-not appear ill. notnoticojny thing v ptrangq i in'>pn| soner s manner. On that sainejday prisoner wont, jWith; witness in;tho.direotioni of jher h?u?P -foi? ,, the'; purpose of ; getting , ,spmo. . , < ' . > . luull : UIU /HUVBO some ends of paJingS i; which witness had dropped on tliO; night, . she . andi .WillppRB visited;- Denehoy's house, . /when; sho .sftW.. wio toreliliglit noar. Shearan'b house. Prisonor looked ., confused,', and tisaid, " Halloa, wliat liavb.wpi hore 17U;The fqlf lowing Saturday r Shoaran j.was.. sittingr>a witness's, place; and/her j husband 1 came ,tp: the door for au; axo,.. because ;qne)tof / her, Wp.ihad straypjl. „ .hearrih reraafkeff; tlmt thoro wqro u great lnaiiyrholp' ini'he land near hi«pl:i:»-, anil (that; he miut fill theiii in lor fear any of liis cattle sliouhl go', into thuiu. On 10th Novemliur, pri- sonor oskod t witness to \mto a lottor to tho post-office for tlio 'purpose of obtain ing thoro »n unclaimod "'letter/ which' prtsonor said molt likolycmnofrom ono of his mates, ami if that was tho case it con tained soino money, and ho. then would leave tho fgully 'as' his hoaltiv whs bad. Witness1 then stated that, sho1 had "a ! con versation' with Shoarnii, in which ho ;said that Farron oivod1 John Donohoy some inonoy. Sho said alio did not buliovo it, and prisonor said " noverinind, it's wrong to wrohg: tho "dead." ' ' , / : ' ' 1 Mr. A. T. Olhrko deposed ; ; I saw Far ron 'for 'the1 last time oh tho Srd or 4tli. October. ; Hq, was. going to. North AVest' Day with a bag of potatoes. " By/tho Court : j.Farron had somo land,, and cuitivatod it .byjiis own labour.. Ho mostly'liped .it, -and, grow in ,it:potntocs, wliich 'ho generally sold at Hobnrt Town., On Sunday morning, October 7, ;I was at Shearcui's placo, aiiu I said, " Old Larry's' gono . tb' Ridgvay.j,' and ho said, " Ibo- lieyi) sq.'';,,( Constable Finn recalled, stated that to> tho host of his bolicf ho snw Farron on Octobor 4, botwoon 2 and 3 o'clock. Ho flion broueht to his placo a hundrodwoicht of potatoes;'1 and was paid for the same, disked' prisoner' on ''November 2 and 8 if he know whoro Farron was, and ho replied thnfc'ho must bo at Ridgway burning' char coal, 'Oil Novombor 6 prisoner said ho saw Farron drosaod in his bost clothes, with nil nxo on his shonldor, and was going in tho direction of tho "fifty acres," and he thought-. that ' ho: was going to Hobart Town. Michaol Minariinn/n'yomig boy living at North West Bay, doposod that somo timo ago, while looking after Donohey's cattle, lie saw priaorieb cross-cutting a log nosr dlio hole where aftorwards Fnrron's body .was found: Prisoner' said' one of his hoifors had fallen in tho hole, and ho was filling it in. Prisonor asked him to cany tho axoj whilo he (prisoner) 'carriod the saw, 'to lus hut. Ho did so, and thou wont with James Lovaii to Farron'a hut. This was on tho 7th Novombor.; ; 1 Jnmos LovauJ a lad living at ' North WoR Bay /doposod that on tho 7th No vombor'1 ho' went to Slionran's hut, and fbund'thd door lockod,, and: witness tlion wont in tho direction of tliq1 hole, whoro ho' saw Shoaran and' Miniighaii. Ho told prisoner Constablo Finn wanted liim, and whoh'prisonor 'and witness had como to the' lint thoy'went'toFarrdn's hut. Ro- momborcd ' th'o 'day ; when tho body was found— tlio ' lOtli Noyombor.'.', Witness and Mr/Stowhi't then wont down to tho holo, leaving Finn and prisonor togothor, but1 Finn afterwards caiuo' to tho holo without' prisonor. . Witiioss assisted in oxhuming tho body. ' ; : ' , ' 'Patrick; MoAuliffo, a resident' at North West Bay, doposod tliat ho, know prisoner hnd heard ' him say. " Old Larry s going to town in tho morning ; lio's got . a good bit of hioiioy V I wouldn't inind;boing with him ;" and prisonor thon said some thing about a lot of young fellows 'mated to follow him below Lovaira, hit him with a stone at tho back of tho nock, and tako tho inonoy from him. This was said at Mitiahan s, on May 20. . Have ofton mentioned what prisoner said to persons. John Thompson, at tho Sandfly, was ono porson lio told it to, nnd'Mr. .Stewart was also acquainted with tho words.' By Mr.. A. I.. Clarko : I .only romombor this portion of tho conversation. I recol lect nothing olso. i, Michaol Minaglian, an1 old man, who confessod that his wifo was "nearly cousin to prisoner's wife,'1 sworn, stated that ho did not hear tho conversation related by lost witness, nor did lio overhear Shcarau remark that dccoosod carried money with him. - ': >-<' Bridget Minnghaii doposod that sho knew James Levan; arid hci, and' Shearan I and his wife/arid McAuliffe had. been nt | hor houso ; , but .sho. hoard nothing of tho I conversation rolatodby ono of the wit nesses, natnod r James Lovan, nor did' she recollect Mr. Stoivart speaking; to hor on thq'subjcct, , ;v.j . , : ; i i George Levan j > who lives at < Poverty Gully, gave evidence to tlio effect that lio saw Farron alivo about tho ond of Sop- I tember. Had heard soiuothing about tho soup) tor snoaran tola nun that Farron had piroulated a report that Shoaran had givon him soma, soup that had nearly poi- aonodu him. ; Heard that' . " Larry" was missing on November 4 or 5. . Y V ; '! Philip Donelioy,1 a Jfarmor living at tlio Snug.' made a statement relative to tho soup given to ' " Larry Farron"; by the prisoner;:- ' ' ' . - / 1 ' 1 - 'John Donohey, ! son of tho last witness , "deposed, that heknow 'deceased.,' Ho took to' town 'for/him lton 8cwt. of potatoes sbmb'tiihe ago. .Qavbs6'on deceased with money.' Last savv him idive about six weeks bcfqrb ho. viowbd tlio body. The witness' 'thoii gave' o videnco ds.to tho arrest oftiio prisoner %hiin. ' ' t ' pharlos',®. . Baniard, doctor of : mcdicino, deposed that ho was present , at tho. inquost on tho body of La>vronco Farron, and rnndo an . internal . aiid , oxtomal oxamina- tion'of it. ) Decomposition, had set, in, but hot'to suoli an extent as to , interfere witli a medical Examination.- Doath had -taken plaopj over' , a; woek, and perhaps , us much as throe 'wooks, boforo lio saw it. There I .was(.a.4eprcssion- on. right, sido of. head, I and the skin was lacerated at this part I The skull was fractured at its bnso, I oorresponding with thobutsido'doprcssion. I That fracturo would cause doath. A/fnll I an tho road would not -have caused _ it, on I account of ?nonitioh of -ivnundi 'Tho nvn I was injured, but tliat may have occurred I after aoatli. ' Th a wound1 described 1 was I inHictod during lifo, ' and, could not liavo I been inflicted by tho;' man himsblft )1'Tho I cause of euoh a .'.wound was a blow, from1 I any, blunt .instrument, or ,thatofa stono. I %4Mr. A. I. Olarko : There would bo I Weeding '/frorq such a' wound, and; tlioro I WQuldb'e6dsulumJ but. I'fouh'cVnonbV I| I thljik b'ontusTpn1 of . a wound can,' "bo'.dis-l I tinguielri'd'7fronV pcist iporicpi cbngpstipn, I pyon ..tlirpp ye'eks after .death.. ' Death! I irigfit' bavo J resiilte'd .from .disease of ,tho I heart, and tlio i symptons wore : consistent : I -Wlty it, \",ucr !..) ... I. t-. I By tho, Attornoy-Gonoral : . It wquld I bate been extraordinary if tlib 'decoiisod I had ,00111 to his death; othor thaii lroin . I S6' tW8 I Kayo mehtionpd.' .'Deatli from I 9PncUMioh,naiued would bo iiioritablo. I it could nbt hdvo J boon ' caused by heart I dkeasp or stroko .froin jlightning, > ; - :,:i I tho Chiof Justico : I considor that I t.®? hl! medical man 1 ani' in" :a position ? to I yistwbrthy opiniou 'M'to th'o dpatli I tho opinion !, that I th '.was caused ; by ; <the conouBsion', I rJHbgifrom itho fracturo ; : montionodi I i do not think death could have resulted I from any other. cause thorn tiiat givoh' by I ®®»i'it . could i not havo - boon - ' caused I wongh- diBeoaoiof tho hoart;; ;tho:,syuip!- I Jjipwwnted1 wore not coEsistoht' witli I jf .i .yod say if q nuyn ywore 'fdqnd I Kis throat cut from par'/to'eiw, I tod'he' had disoasb 'of tho" heart,' jfe I by .hiB.death ,tluugh. liipjVxliroat I This coneindod tho case for.tho'iproso- I c®tin. I t Mr. A;' J. Clarko- addressed tho jury I mr the defence, and dwot''upnn thn 'in- I in ,tho oviduiicu by the medical witness, and upon tlio' ground -'that thoro was no diroct testimony adduced to provo that prisonor did take away tho'lifo of tho dccoosod. Ho would ask them to acquit tho accusod. .Tlio lonniod. comisol con cluded his romarks with the usual appeal, but ecdlod no witnesses. 1 Tho Attornoy-Gonoral 'replied on tho whole case. "His Honor tho Ohief Justico said, -gon- tlumou of tho jury, the prisonor at tho bar is charged with committing n capital crime, that'of murdor. Your duty is. -a 'respon sible one. It is ulwnyB a responsible duty which involves tho dcoision of the futo of any of your follow croaturos, but moro so whon it involves tho lifo of an individual. I-will not enlarge tipon this considaration as juries aro always .alivo. to the impor tance and awfiil responsibility that de volves upon thorn. The learned Chief Justico then explained tho peculiar naturo of circumstantial evidence, and particularly impressed upon.< tho minds , of , tho jury thntnovory additional circumstance — though each ono was insignificant in itself 1 — strengthened tho chain of evidence; and was moro certain in its results, and moro to bo relied upon than if direct testimony. posud jto an occurrence or event taking place. After defining tho peculiarity of the ovidouco which was brought to bear upoii this charge, and which would dotor- minotlio guilt or innoconco of tho prisonor, he strttod thaV tho enquiry they had made, and : the decision tho jury would havo to come- to, after that onquiry, was witli ro- foronco to liow.Lauronco.FuiYon canto ; to his doath. , Tho medical ovidonco was then coinmontod on ; iiud in his address1 tho Oh iof Justico took occasion to ronmtk .that, in tho majority of cosos, .medical (iiion woro not unfairly/ but with somo ; harshness or severity treated, when they !nppoarod as witnesses in a case, moro so tlmn'thb inombors of any othor profession ; and ho doubted if a gontlomati of tlio law woro called upon to give; testimony; whe- tlior ho would enro to submit to an oxnminntiou in which knotty .or abstruse points of law(ossiich as tho ! crucial ques tions put and required to bo answered by a mombor of tho medical profession suggest ed) woro required to bo decided or at least spokon of autlioritativcly, without a rofor- onco being 'allowed to authority, or any other assistance being poruiittcd to bo rendored; Tho testimony of Dr. Barnard whs 'thou oxamiuod, and. his docision that decoasod died from tho effects of tho blows ho. had, rccoivcd was shown to bo trust worthy ' by tho > loarnod Chiof Justico ; who thon Qxhaustivolv and lucidlvrnvinwnrl the salient circumstances of tho cuso, and dwolt upon tho facts connected with it that would load to a ratioiial conclusion being arrjvod at by tho jury as to tho guilt or innoconco of tho accusod ; and having dolivored the usual chttrgo to the jurymon, loft thorn to rotiro and . bring up a docision. Tho"'jiiiy rbticcdat.7. o'clock to do- liborato,' nnd 'roturnbd into court at 8.25, tho foronmn stating that tlioy wished to knbiy what dopth of wator tlioro was in the liolo whoro tlio body lay. His Honor stated that ho thought thoro was no doubt folt on that point, still thero'wos nothing on tho faco of tho cvidonco to suggest . what was tho dopth of wator, and tho unusual coiirso was loft for him to obbtin supplomontary ovidonco on tho subject, and Joavo it to tho jury to cxamino any witiioss that could givo information thoroon. Tho . following witnesses woro called and examined by tho foronmn :Patrick Finn stated tlioro was a small stream of wator, as much as could run through a small pipo, and wo turned it off. Wo turned it oflV nbovo tlio place whoro tho body laid., Tlio holo wherein the body was did not contain any wiitor. ' " Tfib head of tho "body was on tlio truo bottom, but tlio other part of tho body.hiy on brushwood. ,By , Mr. 'Clark : Tho body was covered with!mud or "slush." 'R. Stowart corroborated the shitomont. Elizaboth Young deposed that tho wator coming down tho gully was as much as 2ft. dpop;at'times. ' 1 . . Jambs M. Olarko gavo. . ovidonco to tlio oflbct that tlio. placo called tho holo could ndt hold' a sufficient quantity of wator to form a pool. not having agrood on thoir'vordict, His Honor loft' his soat, intimating his inten tion of returning at 12 o'clock. ' At midnight His Honor took his scat on tho'Beuoh, and tho jury roturnod into court and intimated through tho foroman.that jhoy could not : agree; the difficulties arising in tlio case boiug such that tlioy woro , considered insupurablo. His Honor then taking the fact into j consideration that tho agroemeht of.tho jury was. improbable, .exercised (though as; ho j said, with liositation, ho did not wish to,i have , tho idea gain ground in town that juvios could ob tain thoir disolmrgo simply by liaving ono or; twp of tlioir ;nnmbers: hold out and malntaia.nn - . obstinate :boaring)," the dia- crotionary po wcr voated in him, and dis charged tho jury. Tho jury were thon . discharged and tho prisonor was remanded, . sentences. — Sarah Poolo, who on hor own confession, wab convicted of 'concealing tho birth of a child, >vas brought up ; for sentonco. : > His HbhourithbChiof Justico. in passing it, said'th&t; on looking tlirough tho . depo- dopositions, ho rogrettod ; that tlioy dis closed litifayourabTo footuros in tho ease of tho accused. Ho therefore sentenced prisoner to twelvo ' calondor 'montlis im prisonment- -- - James Honnigan, who1 was' brought in guilty on a ohargo of foloniously. wound ing, was placed- at tho bar to recbivo sen tonco. Tho Oilier Justice said : Jamos Hbnhigan',> your' case is ' another instance of tho baneful consequonco of giviiig ivay to oxcossivo drinking. This vico is dosig- natod rightly by tlio pulpit- platform/ and bench, as tho curso of mankind. ' What it has brought you to, a man of exception able .good i oharactor, -but' ' who, 1)1 ' wlion indulging in bouts of drinking/ is : little bettor than a mad- man/ ;ii man who enjoys a great roputatiomfor propriety of conduct and morality; but now standing thoro a folou, will have a lifd rihfluonco over you, and dotcr otliors from indulg ing in a like practice. ; ;i;"v iyt' The Chief Justicothenconimentcd'on tho naturo of tlio oflbneo tho priaofter Had com mitted, and its sorious consequences ; but sontonco, as < would givo the prisonor timo to roflocton tho malicious consemienccs of tho habit he diadMiithorto indulged in, and lot liim sco how noccssary it was to givo up so . pernicious' an- indulgence, as ,woll as bno tliat ' should lot' others sco that drink is no qxcubq for tho committal of crime; ildw 'ivr. i'. !Ii.v s:r: ' «' -'irr Tho prisonor -was; 'sontonced' to ' six months' imprisonment,'!' " t' Tho- Court, on' its risiiig, adjourned till 10 o'clockstliis morning.;- 