ADRXOHLAR CONFESSION. to tbe editor <f ibb courier. cm, — Kindly allow me a small space in your valuable paper to make a few remarks upon the above subject, and to relate the slanderous letters of '-.Spec tator" and "H. B.." and to vindicate the Roman Catholic religion, f would likewise substantiate the arguments brought forward by that able champion Herbert Daly. " Spectator" thinks to cast a slur upon the Catholics about Paris. I wonld state that Paris is not a Catholic city, hut sllving hell. The popula tion of that city never attend confession at all Paris has been placed as a criterion of a Catholic ctty, put " Spectator" overlooks London, the great Fretestant city. Look at the vice which exists" there, and say can that not compete with CathoHc .Paris? Again, "Spectator" says thaltho crimes committed In Vic toria give majority for the Catholios. "Hntthis Is nit the case. X would, with Mr Dely, oontand. that class meetings are a mild, form of confession. Again; "Spectator" asserts that Catholics have joined the xafotmed, or estim-A -wholeeele;' hn »» is mirfahen Even in Ballarat I conld name abbto twenty respectable' tradesmen who have - turned Catholias. The latest case "Spectator" refers to is that of the ex-Canadian priest, but this mail brings no proof forward to show that be ever was a priest. Bo much for "Spectator." Now for "H. B." I will, with Herbert Daly, contend that tbe immodest questions are a mere fabrication, circalated to deceive the public. Mr Myring, "Spectator," and " H. B." oui get a letter of introduction 4rom the writer of Vhifl letter to tbe Ararat, or, iftheiroase is mild enough, to the Wendonree asylum.'. 1 chaUehge. anyone to come forward and sty that the Catholic church bae no foundation for Its confessions Christ left to the pastors of his church the power of forgiving rins, and howare these pastors to forgive them but by tbe con fessions of the sinner? Christ said to the apostles, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost Whose rnns ye shall 23\. And In order to make a good confession, it is necessary to undergo a diligent examination of oou- science. We are told that we sin by thought, word, and deed, and all sins against the commandmenla by thought or action should be oonfessed. Bat no qnes- tione arc asked except iu a case of nooeesity, or when the priast doea not exactly understand the confessor. Bnt the priestdoespotaakimmndeetqoegtiona as yonr correspondents aseert. and there are so many confes sions that the priest forgets them almost ae soon as they are ottered. At oopfeeshm, it is necessary to repealagneat many payees, all of which have a moral tendency. It ia a very marked fact that the Catholics have been oppressed by every other religion, bnt still they flourish. With these law lines I beg to withdraw from the contest Apologhingfor trespassing on yonr sDtce. I remain— Yonr obedient servant. ANTI-PABMH. 