At the Theatre Royal, Mr. Rignold's engagement in the drama of 'Henry V.' was, after a successful run of six weeks, followed by the appearance on October 19 of Mr. Wybert Reeve as Count Fosco in an adaptation of ' The Woman in White.' The play was well put on the stage and very well cast, and Mr. Reeve was highly successful in his impersonation of the Italian Count. Mr. Reeve next appeared as Csiptain Wragge in the drama of ' No Name,' founded, of course, on Mr. Wilkie Collins's popular novel. After playing a fortnight Mr. Reeve gave place to Mr. Rignold, who resumed his part in ' Henry V.' with great success during the holiday season. On November 11 Mr. Sam Emery appeared at the Royal, and made a very good impression as a highly capable comedian. At the Opera- house Mr. Creswick has appeared in a round of his favourite cha racters, comprising Othello, Falstaff, Shylock, Mr. Oakly, Wolsey, and Ingomar. On the 21st October 'Macbeth' was produced, with Mr. Creswick in the title role, and Mrs. Steele as Lady Macbeth. The tragedy was never better placed upon the Victorian stage. Miss Lydia Howarde created a highly favourable impression by the excellent manner in which she represented tho part of Hecate. At the Academy of Music a piece entitled ' The Mavis' was produced, and on the 19th October it was replaced by ' Minerva,' an adaptation of ' Ma Belle Mere,' the cast including Mr. Dorsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice. On the 26th October a new version of ' Oliver Twist' was performed, in which Miss Beatrice gave a highly creditable representation of Nancy, and Mr. Ogden achieved a decided success as Bill Sykcs. On November 9 ' The Two Men of Sandy Bar ' was revived, and was well received. The chief item in connexion with the Princess's Theatre was the production of a piece called ' The Flying. Buck,' which was, in fact, a slightly altered version of ' ' Flying Scud.' This was produced during the race weok, and its appropriateness to the time secured it a large -measure of success. Later on a bushranging piece was produced, named ' Fleeced, or tho Vultures of the Wombat Ranges.' Besides the regular theatres there have been a large number of amusements of other kinds. Thus Mr. D'Arcy Road's 'Ghost' has been entertaining large numbers of people at the Athenrtmm-hall ; and the United States Min strels, at St. George's hall, received their share of public patronage. A new diorama, called ' ' The Mammoth Mirror of tho 'Russo-Turkish War,' lias been exhibited at the Town-hall ; and some moonlight and electric- light concerts, arranged by Mr. Herz, have been given on the Melbourne Cricket- ground in the presence of great crowds of spectators. Tho Monday Popular Concerts have latterly enjoyed a high share of piiblic approval. At tho concert on the 21st October, Ada Willctts, aged 10 years, a native of Ballarat, a most beautiful and gifted young girl, played pianoforte selection from Ascher, Gottschalk, Thalberg, and Handel, and in doing so exhibited really extraordinary skill, and a rn.ost satisfactory development, considering her age, of a finely touched musical faculty. She played for the last time on the 28th October, before a large audience in the Town-hull. We are informed that she is i;.ow to bo taken to comploto her musical education amongst the best schools in Europe. Mdllo. Olga Duboin, tho pianifite, has been the other attrac tion at those concerts during tho month. Tho Melbourno German Liodortafel gave their 122nd concert at llockin's Assembly-rooms on tho 28th October. Wo have also to notice- tho illusionist performance of ' Fatima,' and the able ropotition by Mr. Baldwin of tho slate trick of tho spiritualists. 