LOCAL NEWS. Municipal Council. Friday, July 5. Present — Aldermen Laliiff, Armstrong, Parsons, M'Donald, Commens, Poultor, Browne, and Bright. A note from the Mayor (Mr. G. Osborne) being read, stating that he was unavoidably absent, Alderman Lah If was voted to the chair, on the motion of Aldeimm Browne and Armstrong. The only cor espondenco inwards was a letter from the Treasmy, stating that £198 12s. 8d. had been placed to tlie credit of the Council, as per late vote of Parliament 'rantin' 10s. in the liound on rates collected last year. A report from tho Inspector of Nuisances was read, stating that tho town was in a clean state, and that no complaints to the contrary were made. Two motions in the name of Alderman Arms strong, with reference to the Council Chamber, were allowed to lapse, owing to tho absence of the Mayor. Alderman Poulter moved — 'That this Council having ascertained that it is tho intention of the Government to purchaso the Milestone ballast arriving here by colliers, for transhipment to Sydney, the Mayor be instructed to communi cate with the member for the district, to point out the serious injury to this Borough such action would entail.' He said it had been ascertained that the Government intended to take away to Sydney all metal material being brought from Melbourne to Wollongong by colliers. Such a proceeding would be a great injustice to the Conn cil, who now had the uso of these stones at a cost of Is. per ton. Alderman Armstrong seconded tho motion, re marking that it would be a serious injustice to the Council were the Government to act as stated. By giving endowment of 10s. in the pound as thoy had done, and by taking away the stone brought from Melbourne by the colliers, the Government I would be only giving assistance with the one hand and taking it away with the other. Such stone as that referred to, if brought from Kiama, would cost 6s. or 7s. per ton, whereas the Council now obtained it for Is. per ton. Alderman Parsons would not oppose tho motion, bnt thought better information on the subject should havo been put before tho Council. He did not believe the Government intended doing what was stated, and, if not, tho Council would look ridiculous in their alarm about tho matter. Alderman Browne supported the motion. There was nothing like taking so serious a matter in hand in time. Alderman M'Donald considered the mover and seconder of the resolution deserved credit in hav ing brougtit tne matter iorwarci. j.ne council had no quarry now, and if they had to obtain stone from Kiama it would cost 6s. or 7s. per ton, whereas they now got excellent stone from tho Melbourne colliers at Is. per ton. Alderman Laliiff looked upon the motion as most ridiculous. As it was an old saying that ''you should not bid tlie devil good morrow beforo you meet him,' he thought the Council should wait until they had something to deal with in the matter. He was surprised at so wise a man as Alderman Armstrong making such a wild ''hilla baloo' about nothing. The very idea of the Go vernment taking stone from Wollongong at a cost of about Gs. per ton was commercially ridiculous, and there was nothing to show that such was intended. Some old woman had said something at the wharf to some other old woman, and she had told it over again to Alderman Armstrong. (Alderman Armstrong : Tho old woman had a beard.) He (Alderman Laliiff) had heard of tliora In i ig such things :ib women with beards, and at any rate there were several who had beards that were no better than old women. He did not believe in a motion being brought forward on such tittle tattle foundation. Alderman Armstrong said he happened to know that some short time ago a vessel had actually been chartered in Sydney, and was on her passage to Wollongong to take GO tons of the said stone from another vessel ill Wollongong, and had not adverse weather prevented it, the thing would havo been carried out. Ho also had good grounds for believing that it was the intention of the Government to make arrangements to take to Sydney all the stone coming to Wollongong from Melbourne. Alderman Poulter, in reply, endorsed the re marks of Alderman Armstrong ub to a vessel having been chartered to take away stono from Woihuigong. Ho had been told by good authority that Mr! Bennett., the Chief Engineer for Roads, was about to make arrangements to havo stone brought from Melbourne to Wollongong taken on to Sydney. There was nothing like taking Time by the forelock in the matter, notwithstanding all that had been said about ghosts and phantoms concerning the motion. Tho resolution was then carried unanimously. The following memorial, prepared by the Mayor, on tho matter of water supply for tho town, was then read by tho Olcrk : 'To the Honorable Jamos Squire Farnell, M.L.A., Premier of New South Wales. ' The memorial of tho Borough Council of Wol longong, '? Respectfully Shkwktu. — 'That tho town of Wollongong, which is situated at the port bearing its name, has long btfeit established, being the oldest as well as the chief town on tho South Coast. 'That, being the principal town on tho said coast, the Quarter Sessions for the whole of those districts aro hold there, in addition to its having a Gaol and Hospital, which are the only such insti tutions south of Sydnoy in the same direction. ' That tho town of Wollongong was one of the very first parts of tlie colony to become incorpor ated under the Municipalities Act, of 185S. ' That the said town is thickly inhabited, its population latterly being very largely on the increa30, owing principally to the more vigorous working of several coal mines adjacent thereto, such increase of population being almost certain to continue. ' That, in addition to its ordinary residents, a considerable number of visitors in quest of hoaltli, pleasure, and other objects, are sojourning in tho town from time to time. ' That, as regards tho ports of the colony, tho shipping trado of Wollongong is second only to that of Newcastle (Sydnoy, of courso, boing excepted. '' That many of the vessels trading to Wolfon gong for coal do so from and to intercolonial ports, several also proceeding direct to foreign countries. ' That one of the greatest drawbacks to tho town of Wollongong, its sanitary condition, and tho health and convenience of its inhabitants and visitors theroto, is the want of a supply of puro water, the only source now and hitherto available for such purposes being a small stagnant pool or miniature lagoon, into which the drainage of several streets empties itself, in addition to its being situated only a few yards from a burial place. 'That this want is most seriously experienced in connection with tho shipping trade, more espe cially in tho cases of vessels proceeding to inter colonial and foreign ports, it boing impossible for such vessels to obtain supplies of pure water, and it being inconvenient and expensivo for them to secure even supplies of tho polluted stuff obtain able from the said lagoon. ' That, although sources capable of affording ample supplies of tho purest water abound within a few miles of Wollongong, it is altogether beyond tho power uf your memorialists to under take the cost and carrying out of works necessary to convey water from any of those places to the town. This has been proved over and over again by the Council with which your memorialists aro connected having had [(on tho score of cost) to relinquish several movements made by it on pre vious occasions to obtain the required supply of water. ' That, as indicated by all the facts hero set forth, the townspeople of Wollongong, the ship ping of the port, and visitors to tho locality — especially those in search of health — suffer most severely from the want of a supply of pure water in the town, which supply, as beforo stated, is out of the power of your memorialists to provide. ' Your memorialists therefore humbly pray that you will take the promises into your early and favorable consideration, and that such action may be taken by the Government as will speedily result in a supply of pure water being provided for tho town of Wollongong, as is much and urgently needed. ' And your memorialists will ever pray.' On the motion of Aldermen Armstroug and Parsons, the memorial was received. Alderman Lahiff then moved — ' That the memorial on the subject of water supply, received this day, be adopted, and forwarded to the mem ber for the district for presentation.' Ho said that from what fell from the Premier recently on the subject of water supply, tho Council might hope to bo successful in the matter this time. The memorial, which was a very sensible docu ment, pointed out very fully tho necessities that existed for a water supply for Wollongong, but it nuglit have gone further, and stated that an offer had been made several years ago by the Cowper Government to pay half tho cost of such a supply for the town. He was sure the member for the district would press the matter upen tho attention of the Government of tho day, and he hoped and fully expecfed tho thing would bo successful. A suflicient water supply was needed for shipping purposes, iu addition to tho ordinary sanitary requirements of tho townspeople and visitors. There was every reason to believe that tho Govern ment would grant £8000 or £10,000 whereby to provide a water supply for Wollongong. The Government had refused the district a railway, and had not provided proper harbor accommo dation. Surely they would not add to that a refusal to a request for a water supply for Woi longong. The coal trado of the district was pro gressing so fast that it was hard to say what it would soon reach to, and by that trade the popu lation of the town and place generally was increased. And the coal trade was only in its infancy. That trade was better in Illawarra at present than was tho case with the trade at New castle only a few years ago. It was not long ago that Newcastle shipped only as much coal as Illawarra now exported, although there was about a million and a half tons now sent away annually from that port. And in all probability the export of coal from Illawarra within five or ten years would also reach a million or a million and a half tons. Altogether things were looking up in the district, and people were seeing that such was the case. Different public movements wero being mado in one way and another, it or instance, there was a Vigilance Committee to be formed, to take all the work out of the hands of the Coun cil, and to put all that was wrong in the place right at once. (Alderman Poulter : The Vigi lance Committee lias gone to work already. I saw one of the members chasing larrikins out of the trees in the Market-square to-day.) Ho (Alder man Laliiff) hoped tho Vigilance Committee would make themselves generally useful, and clear tho town of all nuisances. Then there was tho Tug boat Committee, and no end of other Committees which had sprung up lately. All theso Com inittees would find out, however, that they could not force the Government to grant things before the time for doing so had arrived. The time had arrived, however, for a water supply for tho town, and the townspeople had a good claim upon tho Government for £8000 or £10,000 for the pur pose. He had much pleasure in moving the resolution. Alderman Bright seconded the motion, which was then carried unanimously, several other mem bers of the Council expressing their approval of it. Tho meeting then terminated. 