THE CONTRIBUTOR. PEOPLE I HAVE MET IN VIC TORIA. Br A. S. THOMAS BROWN—A MAN OF MYSTERY. Those of my readers who have carefully watched the growth of a Victorian township, and more particularly those who have them selves taken an active part in the building of it up, metaphorically—that is, who have helped to bring into existence the several organisations by which the affairs of a town are managed and regulated—will have ob served that, in most cases, the real burthen of the work rests, in the final resort, npon one pair of shoulders. There are always plenty of men in a young community ready enough to come forward and proffer their aid when some new project for the general good is proposed. They will attend tne initiatory meeting in sufficient numbers, and propose or second resolutions with effusion—not to say enthusiasm—and on subsequent adjournment to the bar, for of course the meeting has been held in a public-house, they will volubly protest their intention to see the matter through to a successful issue, at whatever cost of time, labour, or money. They will spend and be spent in the cause, they solemnly declare: but in the great majority of instances they only fulfil one half of their vow, and are content to do a little spending—at the bar—to " being spent" to any appreciable extent. Then the project languishes somewhat. The time for talk having passed away, and the time for action having arrived, most of the garrulous pioneers of the "movement" fall into the background, and a new class of men, hereto fore rather obscure and undemonstrative supporters of the movement, come to the front. Those are comparatively few in number, and among them there may be only two or three, often only one, who combines with a genuine desire to be of use to the public some real capacity for work. A man of the sort last indicated is the sub ject of this paper. When the now exceedingly trim and proper town of Castleworth began to " range itself, as the French term is, (soon after it had laid aside, in a formal manner, its original name of Mailman's Flat), and from being only a few narrow, irregular, and inarticulated rowB of diggers' huts and bush stores and shanties, convert itself into a well built gold-fields capital, with wide and regular streets of plate-glass windowed shops and elegant villas, there was of course much hard work to do before the great reformation was fully consummated. During some of the busiest of the years in which this work was being done, Mr. Brown was the man who did it, almost single banded. When a numerously attended and highly unanimous public meeting' resolved (.that we should adopt municipal institutions, and formed itself into a committee of the whole to bring the thing about, everybody thought it was as good as accomplished, and lists of candidates for seats in our first council were freely handed round. But the committee was found to be unmanageable through its great numerical force, and a sub committee of 20 was then chosen froth, the general body to do the work necessary to be done. This, too, proving inoperative, a "legislative sub-committee of five" was appointed, to take the necessary preliminary steps, and after this body had met several i times and done nothing except talk and drink, Brown, who was of course one of its members, took matters altogether into his own hands, and as soon thereafter as legal formalities would admit we had our council duly elected—but without Brown as a member, he having resolutely declined that distinction. It was much the Bame when we started the Mechanics' Insti tution and School of Arts. We wrote to all the kindred institutions in all the colonies for copies of their rules, applied to innume rable booksellers for priced catalogues, and collected altogether an immense moss of documents bearing upon the matter in hand. But there we stuck fast. We could not move out of the bit, until at the close of one of our futile meetings Brown gathered up all the papers into a bundle, and, remarking that he would take them home with him and bring the thing into some shape, put the lot into his pocket. His co-workers, so to speak, felt much relieved, and congratulated themselves that they had finished tlud job. It was the same way when we started our gas company, and fenced in the cemetery, and laid out the park and cricket ground—toujours Brown. A stranger visiting the town about this time would have been surprised to find the name of Brown so often on people's lips, or "the cunnle"—for bo he was frequently called, behind his back, for no better reason than because he had an upright carriage, and a little touch of something in his voice which sounded American, and it was the humour of Castleworth to give military rank to all I Americans—and would naturally have con cluded that he must hold a very influential and important position in the community. And so he did by virtue of his industry and capacity, but otherwise he was obscure enough. He was simply book-keeper at the flour-mill, earning £5 or £6 a week. But this mill had been the principal business concern I in the place since -the agricultural areas a j few miles off had been settled, and Brown's I duties in connexion with it were really im i portant. His employer was an active man, I who hated sedentary employment, and never I could be persuaded to write a letter or look ! into an account-book, but fully occupied his ] time riding about the country to view grow ing crops on which he was asked to advance money. In this kind of work he was an adept, and as Brown was highly skilled in office work, the two men were complementary each to the other, and between them the milling business throve apace. These details may seem superfluous just at present, but their relevancy will appear later on. Further, it may be here stated that what ever margin of time Mr. Brown had on hand after he had fully discharged his duties to his employer, and his self- imposed duties to the public, was freely at the command of anyotae who wanted skilled business assistance and could not afford to pay for it.' He would write a letter or make a will, or draft a lease or a memorandum of agreement, gratui tously, for anybody bo circumstanced, and deprive himself of sleep in order to make time to do so. I never knew so helpful a man as our " cunnle," nor one so generally capable, and at the same time so unassuming and disinterested. He never seemed to have any selfish motive in anything he did. He claimed neither reward nor praise, nor would accept any, and when he was compli mented upon his usefulness in the-district he would peremptorily put the subject aside and speak about something else. What kind of a man was he to look at and talk to ? the reader may feel inclined to ask. Well, he was a spare, upright man, getting on for 60 at the time when the crisis in his career which I am about to relate took Elace, with close-cut white hair, and white eard and moustache, and clean-cut, regular features. The only thing about him that was particularly noticeable was that he had coal-black eyebrows, in strange contrast with hiB white hair and beard, and this gave him a kind of wild, uncanny look. In manner he was quiet and reserved. When he did talk at all freely it was in his presence of only one or two, and then his conversation showed him to have a richly- stored mind; not only that he had read much, but that he had dis counted the results of his studies, or corrected them, by much observation and reflection. And yet this man, useful, disinterested, and of blamelesB life, as we all saw and knew him to be, was a perpetual object of critical animadversion and suspicion. Old Dr. Mac guffog, the scandalmonger, busybody, and mischief-maker of the little community, never ceased to throw out dark hints and inuendoes to his detriment, and it was too much for human nature of the baser sort to turn a deaf ear to his malicious suggestions. " Don't tell me," he would say, " that a man like that would be clerking for Hughey Boyd, among his dirty old bran sacks, for four notes a week, unless there was a black mark against his name. And do you notice the hang-dog look the fellow has got ? He never can look you straight in the face. When I speak to him in a neighbourly way, and would mention any little thing I had picked up on my rounds, he Bhuts me up in a crack—says ' he has no desire to meddle in other people's affairs.' Damn his impudence! His betters are glad enough to have a chat with the old doctor. But wait till you see," Ac. Then there was Mrs. Obliterator, the postmaster's lady, a highly genteel per sonage, who gave herself airs of superiority on the ground that her father hod been an officer in the British navy (though the chemist's wife said he had been only a purser), and en deavoured to introduce a fashionable novelty into the town in the form of Thursday at homes, at which she would have liked very much to have Brownamonghervisitors, for presentable men with faultlesB manners were scarce in the diBtrict, and my friend was distinctly an object of interest by reason of the mystery that surrounded him. His presence would have given a certain 6clat to anybody's Thurs days. But he would have nothing to Bay to either Mrs. 0. or her at homes; ana then she changed front, and went about whispering mysterious doubts about him. "To think, my dear," she would Bay, in her confidential manner, "that he should be so trusted in the place, and looked up to, and not a soul knows a thing about him or where he came from. Brown! I don't believe his name's Brown, any more than mine is." (Her's was Smith.) 4 He taay be a forger, for anything we can tell," she went on. " And we don't even know whether he is married. Good heavens! He may be a bigamist—for they're very loose in their morals, and perfectly scandalous in their matriage relations in America—or may even be a Mormon I I hear he hah been at the parsonage sometimes/and he goes to the bank regular, but I'll take jolly good care he never darkens my door. repentance should be w fanlt him, and if this fc"f ran away with onmS,' ¥ he calls v^na' thenshoUhe hus^t^ the funds ofai! Zl'^ other irregular thing not*nit ot ^ a! ICTMfsifAlSfc-! Sa-Sf awsteftgS1^5 doubts in regard to Bro^ ?denied that minds °j a superior ordeXtW? "> the esteemed him most felt -ttllose*ho more satisfactory if they kjlj Wou14 be about his earlier history F™ * fometl% he absolutely silent as to hh f? only^ but other facts that had -ccrne?^ career, ledge were difficult to acSt for T ***• the hyp9thesiB that he had a 011 He avoided all company e»*n? i? a very few chosen friendsfaffiL u ot even visit them except when twl ould Do' or quite alone. In This S^SL**® ««ir mill area, among the pepuermi^ °?the VTKrJSa enough, when he came across of an?^11 m his slippers for a game at chess and? him some superior Murray wine - a«Ae present writer and two others went to ve once a week to play whist, whi g vStS would return; but anything like a Sr determinedly avoided* Thln he w^S to an extent that was a perpetual Xw? the habits of the most estimable reside! J the place and this was taken in iUpK ticularly by the parson. Again, it ^1.' how found out (I think by the postjfi wife) that he sent away the wholeThi salary every month to somebody resident to Sussex, England, who did not bear the nam of Brown. This did not raise any doubt n to his honesty to his employer, because it was known that he earned as mnch by odd yobs, as auditor for public com. panies, liquidator of insolvent estates &c.;, are sufficed for his modeBt wants bat! nevertheless, it was a "circum8taflce."'one thing that strongly impressed the minds of his friends was thisA great Melbourne finance institution got its affairs into a state of confusion through the misconduct of a dishonest official, who had purposely fogged them in order to conceal nis own pecula tions, and two or three skilled accountants had failed to put things straight. Then the directors somehow heard of Drown, and he was invited to try his hand at the unravel ment of the tangled skein. In a week he made everything clear and plain, and the relieved directors not only voted him £100 for his trouble, but in the most flattering terms offered him the management of the concern at a salary of £1,000 a year, which offer he at once declined, politely and gratefully, bat firmly. Here was something that required a good deal of explanation, and the mind of all Castleworth was a good deal exercised on the subject. Brown's friends were long at a loss1 what to make of it, while his enemies found in the affair full confirmation of their worst suspicions. In looking calmly into the matter with his friend Derwent Jack, Tamar Bill observed—" Wot beats me is this 'ere. Why the (Ac.) didn't he take the billet and make a good rise wen he had the slant!" In the unsatisfactory manner just described things might hhve gone long enough but for the appearance on the scene of a new per former. This was a smart Yankee from Hoosic Falls, Pa., who was stumping the country* in the interests of a patent rever sible indestructible horseshoe, and being a cheerful, amusing fellow, he was soon ad mitted into our little circle, and became quite at home among us. One evening we were playing whist at the hank, I havim, Brown for partner, and the banker the Yank, R. P. Raddeubury by name. To night we had about the worst whist that l ever assisted at on the winners Playing shilling points and half-a-croim SSd 5n tiTa W wessi1 cleared £3 12s. each. not play a bit He was pieoccuw«* traught, all the time, and "offence against the canons of whist pro priety that it was possible for him to mmiwt He led from short suits; he tiffi4 w partner's winning cards; he ™8deaL'0Dt even revoked. No one could figur , — ifCHntCtoi j. i v«*w except the superintendent of police, who ®s present a short time as a spectator, and had, of course, the best opportunity forobserafa. He said afterwards that during the play Bad denbury was intently watching Brown, who seemed to exercise a strange fascination over him, and eagerly attentive to every word that dropped from him—to every tone of his voice. The observant officer also thought that Brown was more restrained and reserved than usual during that evening, but that! bad not noticed. I was minding the PWi and knew that my partner was quite in h# usual whist form, which was excellent Well, as the Yankee and I strolled homej'1 our hotel in the moonlight, he was sou utterly unlike his usually garrulous self) to" 1 rallied him upon his absench 'of '' What's up with you, man alive? I 'You played like a schoolboyidl theer®' ing, ana now you are as silent as a corpse Don't say anything about corpses, ae claimed in an excited tone ' Give me minute's time to work it out" , " Work what out ?" I demanded, a* you seen a ghost?" , " By the Lord!" he cried,' thatjnstwB_ aboute it is. That's the trouble ' And played vereary, and dropped a enough to too® dollars to a ghost. Isn t thaun ^ ^ a fellow off his perch? Youi tm It.g the old do you? Nothing of theso -Tfairteenye^ senator, him you call Bro )g morw., ago last fall I foUowf/«Km bu« mains to the grayej th English epis^T all the <*remon«d ot toe *j*nB communion. And ^interior, right away here inAhe! m j though'^ money like shelling P , j get eyes Pj seen him before themomen^ him, but could not -t«u came back Li & Mm spef; ftl-J-jS! me as clear as day. *0 --mark once °r, p it, but I threw out a that he could Bcarcely. g stood the tf^ was really hun. .®Lj s hit; & si' derfully—never . Let J|B wbb the coolwt j,ji tell yo® down for a .BpallJ*, g^pjely right out. . We ^J ed, now after what gee the little toBc will help ,ittleCo» through; „,-,riaed. and not a . ear to Raddenbury but wj&j; far into the umaj jgg oom^SSde411 endeavour to put m conc«» Apace when this na»» my next pap®1,' 