RESTITUTION OF FIVE . MILLION DGLLAES. The following artdole, which we cull from the Amerioan Catholic Advocate, exhibits one «f the many sublime features of the Churchof Christ.-—What a venerable institution is the Catholic Church, how noble and how. powerful ever the souls of menl Lefu us inBt&noe; that power. But a fewdays ago a conscience stricken - man went to the eonfamrional • Be knelt down at.the feet of a poor priest; lie was poor in Hie goods, hint he was, the ambassador of God, who loves the' poor. The oonsoienee man told theprifcBt that he was Hoh, but his ridhes was the fremiti ol lundi®; plunder in ateret, plunderthit.no 8vingtsy* 'detected,. ' that no living' matt kaew>oea»itoing d<jrie, pUsuttder from the ^MSotfrom the personortheindfc flo/'twiclthe priest; "ascertain r«t|pb&jbhe; «n outttof your ill-gotten i and accursed gains, in order that you may restore them, for in my person and by my lips, the Holy Ghost declares that pardon you shall not get here or hereafter, unless you pay to the last farthing." The man arose, he went away. He spent days ascertaining his indebtedness. He returned with five millions five hundred thousand' and seven dollars and laid it at the feet of the priest. This fact we take from the N". Y. Sun. " Give this, Father," he said, " to the proper authorities to restore to the treasury which I have robbedand the priest took it, and gave the money to Comptroller Kelly, and the penitent was was forgiven. Five million and five hundred thousand dollars. Is not this a miracle f Catholicity alone. Did barren Prates antism ever produce fruit like this ever. To restore that sum may have made that Catholio penitent poor as the poorest, but restore it he should. He might have lost social position, worldly influence, a famous name, but these never reckon in the computation of the Catholic Church when they are the tokens of sin. It was a fortune, over which the eyes of a miser might gloat with enjoyment. Who of all we personally know do we see worth five million five hundred thousand dollars ? How many do we know orth five thousand even; is it not a great dealP But five millions, is it not vast riches and almost incomputable? Yet in the eyes of the poor priest who counselled its immediate restoration it was as so much dirty dross compared with a pure soul arisen from the meshes of avarice. Catholicity only achieves such triumphs. It is not in all the power of Protestantism, nor in the will of its preachers, nor in the will of its professors, and the grace of God not being with them, it is impossible. Protestantism has lately been exemlifying its talents, its teachings, its proession, its practices in a different way. It has given us forgers and perjurers, and peculators and plunderers of public money, whose piety was the recommendation to the opportunities of robbery which they enjoyed. They plundered most piously, being shining lights of the church all the time. Instead ef the example of this unknown but certainly contrite penitent, we have the example of Gilman, holy Beecher's nephew; we have the Caiies, the Lamberts, and all their tribe who plunder the poor, and wax in wealth, grow fat on it. There iB no restitution in Protestantism. That is the incalculation only of an Apostalic Church, and Protestantism was not Apostolic, and is not Apostolic; Martin Luthur, the unchaste, Heniy the Eighth, the foully and feloniously impure, and the Elector of Bradenburg, the nsorious, were not apostles, but they were the founders and fathers of Protestantism, and by the fruits of that Ptotestantism we recognise it in its pure light, and separate its deeds from us, as at the last day the sheep of the flocks shall be separated from the unclean goats. 