THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. Ey One of Them. THE MIDDLESEX MATCH. London. 23rd June. In my last report I had to record onr severe defeat in one innings by the Gentlemeo of Eng land, at Prince's. lean only Bay respecting that contest, that if we had played at all up to form the result mlubt have beesrfar different. I think it ought to be meotioned that tbe team was not wholly composed of gentlemen cricketen, for tbe Messrs. Grace and Gilbert received a sum of £60 for their services, and upon an objection to the payment being raised by our manager, it was pointed out by the Messrs. Princo, that W. G. and G. F. Grace with Gilbert are invariably, paid for playing. It seems odd, therefore, that they should bo included in a team of amateurs. We have to thank Messrs. W. G. Grace and Bnsh for depriv ing us of Midwinter's aid during the remainder of our tonr. Midwinter had entered into a verbal arrangement to play for us in every match in England, and these two persona hearing of it, and being desirou3 of our nnn-auccess, came into tho pavilion at Lord's about noon, on the 20tb, when we commenced onr imoortant match with Middle sex. They had a long conversation with Mid winter, who was in cricketing dress ready for play, and tho upshot was that Midwinter left ns in tho lnrch without a moment's notice, and went away with Grace and Bash to play with Gloucester against Surrey at Keunington Oval. I don't think Grace will be the better likqd for this manoeuvre. As he was leaving the ground, he said to one of us, "You have not the ghost of a show against Middlesex." Doubtless the result of the match has surprised - him. Despite Midwinter's aid too, Surrey, which we heat by five wickets, defeated the Great Western County by 16 runs. We have determined that we will not play against Gloucestershire unless Grace apologises for his conduct and for tbe lan guage ho made use of in reference to ns on tbh occasion of his taking Midwinter away. I. D. Walker, tho Middlesex captain, won the toss, and sent us in. At noon sharp the two Bannermans led the way for us against tho bowling of Hender son and Hadow. Our innings opened bodly, fcr A. Baunertnan let ont at a full toss from Hender son, and was splendidly caught at point by Hitdow, into whoso hands tho ball went like a shot from a thirty-two pounder. It was bard linea for Alick. 1 — 4—6. Horan -filled the vacancy, and C. Bannerman hit tremendously hard at a loose ono from Hadow, but the ball touched the edge of the bat, and went into Hender son's hands at point. 2—8—12. Gregory joined Horan, who lifted Hadow to deep long-on, where A. Lyttelton made an excellent catch— 3 — 1 — 13, and tbe prospect of a large total looking poor. Garrett and Gregory now were associated, and a long stand ensued. 20 went ap an the board jtrad thon Garrett, warming to bis work, drove Hen derson splendidly to the off for 4. A couple of maidens having been sent down, Gregory bit Hadow to square-leg for 4— 30 np— and Robert- con went on rice Hadow. A few singles were added, and then the now man bowled Garrett off his pad, after playing a lively innings for 19, Four for 89. Spofforth was next, and tbo score stood at 45 when tho demon bowler, who had an over o two before been nrisaed at the long field, succumbed to a plain ball from Robertson. 5 — 6 — 45. Murdoch joined Gregory, who made a single, and was at once caught at point for nought, Six for 46. Bailey became bis captain's comrade, and the result of the partnership was a very much improved state of the re gister, 60 and 60 soon went up on tbe board, Bailey doing most of the scoring. When 80 bad "been hoisted amid applause, I. D. Walker relieved RobinBon just before luncheon. On resuming ploy at a quarter to three beth bats men continued their scoring career, and despito various changes in the bowling it was not till after 120 bad gone up that the Tasmanian was caught at point. 7 — 39 — 124. Bailey played a fine, free and wristy innings for his 39, and was warmly applauded. Blackham appeared on tho scene, and Gregory, in attempting a drive, tipped tbe ball into E. Lyttelton's bands at short slip, 8—42 — 125. Wo wero all hoartily pleased to see our captain display Ms best form before an English company. Hitherto he had played eloven innings for a total of 23, and it was thought therefore by many persons that he couldn't bat a little bit, but on this occasion he came out of bis shell and astonished Ihein, I nover saw him play bettor cricket, and ho did not give the shadow ef irohance, Boyle and Blackham added 11 to tbe score, and then the former was adjudged run out by Nixon, a pro fessional umpire whose decision in this, as well aa in other instances during tbe match, was grossly unfair, his fiat of course being against ua in each cose. 9—5—136. Allan, tbe last man, wha always amuses tho specta tors, kept at tbe wickets for a long time with Blackham, and caused 60 to follow 50 on the tele graph. Several changes of bowliug bad been ' tried, and at last a separation was effected through Allan playing one of Robertson's against hia foot, whonce it cannoned to the wioket, and the " bowler of a century" retired for a well- earned 15. Ten for 165. Blackham played in his best style for 20 not out, and he was deservedly applauded on returning to the pavilion. Tbe bowling of tho Middlesex team is not first- class. Henderson and Hadow bowl slow round-arm, right hand. Tbe former baa a slight break from leg, and tbe latter noDe atoll. He pitches wide to tho off aa a rule, aud tempts tbe batsmen to bit in that direction. The other bowlers, except Walker (who bowls slow lobs) wero fast round- band and very plain. The fielding in two or three instances was really splendid. It was nearly half- past four when Messrs, I. D. Walker and A. J. Webbs issued from the pavilion, to face the bowling of Spofforth and Boyle. The former batsman got a single in Spofforth's first over, and Webbs in his next made a beautiful cut to the chains for 4. Boyle kept sending down maidens for some time, but at last Walker placed him to short-leg for a -single. Spofforth came in for severe punishment, and 20 was soon hoisted. Allan relieved Boyle, though nearly all the runs had been obtained from Spofforth, and still tbe runs were added. . 30 up, and 40 quickly fol lowed. Six runs wore added, and then Walkor was caught at sbort-Ieg off Garrett, who had just rolievod Spofforth. 1—23—46. Walker played thorough cricket for his runs. Ho has an up right position, and plays ovory ball with ease and confidence. He cuta beautifully. Hadow was next, and after sending Garrett to the long-field for a brace succumbed to tbe next ball — a fast shooter. Two for 43. The hon. A. Lyttelton joined A. J. Webbe, and tbo scoring became vory rapid, eaoh batsman playing hard aud vigorously, obtaining 2's, 3'a ana 4's at an alarming rate, and causing our captain to make repeated change! in the bowliug. Spofforth went on rice Allan, but tbe " demon " could not effect a separation, so Boyle displaced' bim. Bailey relieved Garrett, but in his first and only over he sent three of tbo four balls right at the batsman's bead, and six runs resulted. 50, CO, 70, 80 and 90 went up, and the century was soon hoisted nmidst tremendous applause. Allan and Garrett, who were now at the bowling crease, charmed ends, and the aspect of tbe innings altered wonderfully. When the score stood at 107 Webbe was howled by Allan with a regular trimmer, and the Oxonian retired for a well- played ioninga of 50. He gave three chances, tbe first to Blackham at the wickets, the second to Murdoch at point, and tbe third to Gregory at abort slip, all off Spoffortb. 3—50—107. The hon. E. Lyttelton now became hia brother's associate, and started bis account immediately by bitting Allan to square-leg for 4. His brother, however, came to grief in Garrett's next, and de- parteiafter playing a beautifully free and dash- ' ing innings for 25, Four for 111. H. R. Webbe was next, but he was sent to the right-about the first hall. 5 -0—111. E. Lyttelton fell to Allan in his next over and Scott replaced him, and after making a couple was stumped by BlacklJam off Garrett. It occurred in this way. The bats- man was caught by Blackbam, and Nixon, the umpire to whom I have already alluded, said not out when appealed to. Scott, knowing that he bad touched tbe ball and not hearing the um pire's decision, distinctly stepped out of his ground, and Blackham had his bails off before he could get back again. 7—2—113. Studd was bowled by Allan for nought, and Henderson, who succeeded him, made 5 and then succumbed to a fast one from Garrett, whose next hall disposed of the newcomer Salmon. 10—0 — 122, Robertson being not out 2. Tho innings termi nated at three minutes to seven, the hour fixed for drawing tho stumps. Garrett bowled in fine form, and took seven wickets for 33 runs, while Allan, who was in something like his old style, got three for 27. Blackham kept wicket splendidly, and frequently " brought down the house" by his iimart action. There were about 8000 spectators, includinga fair number of ladies. The weather was charming, scarcely a cloud ap peared in the sky, and the son shone throughout with a genial warmth, making us feel quite at borne, for it was almost exactly like playing cricket on a pleasant summer day in Sydney or in Melbonrne. Tbe wicket was pretty fast towards the close of the day's play. At noon' next day we commenced onr second innings by sending in tbe two Bannermans, -as before, to face the bowling of Henderson and Hadow. The younger brother soon went, being caught at mid-"off from Hadow's bowling. 1 — 3 —11. Horan followed, but after making a couple for a hit to square-leg was caught at the wickets off Henderson. Two for 18. Gregory filled the vacancy, and broke his duck the first ball. 30 went up on tbe board in doubles mostly, and when 5 more had been made Bannerman, in try ing to pall a short-pitched one from Henderson, was bowled. The departipg batsman played in his old brilliantstyleforhu23. To reefer 35, Gar- si and Gregory wen now together, and aloes stand ensued. Tbo former hit freely and well, 'sending Henderson twice in an over fin '4 to the boundary, and Gregory hereabout! hit the same bowler also for 4. Garrett was prettv (Ough on Hadow, toot for be aent him traveUim' in two successive balls for'4each to long field-on. 60 np, and Robertson went on, vice Hendetson, while E. Lyttelton (slow underhand), took the leather from Hadow. The runs kept mounting np, and Gregory drove Robertson in fine style to long field- on for 4, repeating tbe performance in that bow. let's next over. 70 and 80 went np, and several changes were made in tbe bowling witboht effect, ing a separation. When the luncheon bell rang nt two o'clock the two G'a wero still there, ths score being 91. On reanming, at forty-five minutes past two, Garrett cat Henderson for n brace behind point, but tbe next ball sealed hit fate, Studd, at long field-on, making a well, judged catch. Garrett played a very lively inn- rags for 34, and was greeted with considerable as. planse on retiring. Fonrfor 93. Spofforth filled ths breach, and hia paitner welcomed bim by send ing Henderson splendidly to long field on for n pair of 4's in' successive balls. Three mots to Gregory, off Henderson, for a capital drire and 110 eoon followed the century, the hoisting of which had been marked by great applause. At last onr captain was disposed of by being caught at short slip, off Henderson, for exactly the seore he ob tained in hia first innings, viz., 42. Again Ore- gory showed hia tree form, and didn't give the ghost of a ' show to his opponents, who felt very pleased to see him retrace hit stepi to the pavilion. 5—42 — 112. Murdoch joined Spoffortn, who now began bitting in fine style. Tbe tens went np at an alarming rate, despite frequent changes of bowling, aud 150 was hoisted amid cheers. When 9 bad been added to that nnmber Murdoch was bowled by Scott, aftei making 13 by;fair cricket. Six for 159. Bailey filled the breach, and drove Hadow twice to long field-on for 4 in one over. 170 np, and I. D. Walker went on rice Hadow. 4 to Bailey, off Walkor. to long-off, with a couple of doubles to Spofforth, off Scott, caused 180 to be hoisted, and Henderson took tbe ball from Scott A couple of 4's to Spoffortb off Henderson for capi tal drives to long-on sent ISO in sight, but when 7 more were mado the " Yanderdecken of the cricket field" was caught at the wickets. Spof forth got 56 runs in less than an hoar by cricket of the most dashing description, and only one difficult chanco can be. counted against the per formance. This is the largest score yet made by any ot us in tbe Eoglish tonr. Seven for 197, Blackham joined the Tasmanian, who appeared to be'doing just as he pleased with the bowling, 200 appeared on the telegraph, and 210 quickly followed, principally through Bailey's efforts. At this stage A. J. Webbe took Henderson's place at the bowling crease and commenced send, ing down some genuine fast " Sydney grubbers.'1 Blackham snicked him two or threo times to lea for doubles, and 220 was not long in being hoisted. Again a change of bowling waa tried, Hendeison going on rice Hadow, and Robertson supplanted Webbe. 240 had appeared on the register when Bailey was bowled by Robertson with a break back, after playing a capital and freely-hit inn- ingsfor32. Eight for 240. Robertson bowled Boyle and Allan in successive balls, and thus the inn ings terminated for 240, Blackham again carrying out his bat for a well-earned 21. The bowling of the Middlesex team was fairly collared, and ifont men had displayed a little more patience the total would have easily ' reached 300. With 2S4 rnns to get to win our opponents began thtii ' second innings with A. Lyttelton aud Studd against the bowling of Allan and Garrett. The score stood M six when the former was splendidly caught by Blackham off Garrett (1 — 3— 6), and Scott suc ceeded him. Several maidens were sent down, nnd 10'was a long time in appearing, though ths wioket was very fast, Allan at length scattered Studd's stamps, and tbo record was" 2— 7— 14 with tho score unaltered. The next three wickets fell thus, A. J. Webbe, to Allan for nought; Scott caught splendidly by Murdoch at point off Garrett ; and Hadow, bowled by Allan, ior nought. Five for 14. It seemed as if a coUapis were about to follow, bnt I. D. Walker and E, Lyttelton played up most determinedly, and tbo scoring became Tery fast. Allan had each bats, man leg before wicket, hut Nixon was determined not to give either ont. Lyttelton wonld some times be hit while standing right in front, and though Allan was bowling over the wicket with scarcely any break, the umpire's verdict would be invariably in the batsman's favor, Lyttelton would now and then say " quite right, NixoB," though from his position he could not possibly tell . whether the decisionwas right or not ; and besides a batsman, I think, should never apeak to ths umpire in such a way as might tend to influence his decision. The score increased rapidly despite the changes of bowling, and 70 was oa the board when Boyle bowled Walker with a trimmer, 6—23—72. The Middlesex captain played beaoti. ful cricket, his catting especially being excellent. H.' R. Webbe with E. Lyttelton played out time, the score being 72 fur six wickets. There was another good attendance, fully 7G00 persons having paid for admission, and tbe weuthor was again just like a pleasant summer day in Sydney, the moist heat being tempered by a gentle wind. Messrs, Lyttelton and Webbe resumed their places at noon on tbe third day, against the howl, ing of Allan and Garrett. Runs came from tbe Btart, the former batsman getting two 4's, and a double in Allan's second over. 100 went up in a very few minutes, and Spofforth hook Allan's place. Tho " demon" was heavily slated by Lyttel ton, who got three 4's in hia first over. Boyle went' on nt Garrett's end, and Horan was tried; instead of Spofforth, but still the runs came apace. Allan relieved Boyle, and the change worked, Webbe being bowled with a leg break, after playing well for 17. Seven for 148. Robert? son hit Garrett for 4, and then succumbed to a Yorker from Allan, Lyttelton meantime being very busy. Bight for 162. Henderson was soon bowled by Garrett, and Salmon sneteedfil bim. Lyttelton at last came to grief, Gregory catcbiug him in the slips, off Allan. He played a magnifi cent innings for 113, made in two hours and a quarter. Ho gave two chances only in addition to the l.b.w., and they wore difficult ones, to Black ham at the wickets, one off Garrett and the other off Horan. His style of play resembles that of G. P. Robertson, the well-known Vic torian, and on a fast wicket he is one of the most dangerous batsmen in England. He plays for ward splendidly, and his cntting powers are not surpassed by many batamen. The innings was over at half-past one for a total of 185, which left us victors by 9S rnns. Allan bowled qnito in his old form, and took six wickets for 76 runs, a vary good average on a very fast wicket.' Spoffortn didn't come off. Blackbam was all there at the wickets, and our fielding all round was first- class. There were abont 5000 persona present, and the day was again beautifally fine and pleasant. On Sunday, the 23rd, Mr. Best, the proprietor of our hotel (the Horseshoe), treated tutoa magni ficent spread at the Welsh Harp Hotel, Hendon, where nn enjoyable day was spent, and by the five o'clock train the same day we left for Bin miagbam, where our next match will take place against twenty-two of the district. Scores austrlltitt Elkvxs. First Innings. Second Innlngt, A. Bannerman, c Hadow. , - b Henderson .... t e Scott, b Hadow J 4 C. Bannerman, o Hen derson, b Hadow 8 b Henderson ... S3 Horan, c A. Lyttelton, b c Salmon, b Hen- Hadow I deraon ...... 9 Gregory, o E. Lyttelton, cKobertaon,bHen- b Henderson 42 derson ....... 43 Garrett, b Robertson..., 19 o8tudd,b Hender son.... H Spofforth, b Robertson.. 0 o Salmon, b Hen- Murdoch. o Hadow, b demon 63 Henderson 0 b Scott ...... 13 Bailey, a Hadow, b Hen derson ... 89 b Robertson..,. 83 Blackbam, not out ... . SO uotout ...... 81 Boyle, run out & b Robertson...., 0 Allan, b Robertson ... Ifi b Robertson., ... 0 Sundries 6 Sundries ...... 14 Total ... ICo Total ..... tM Bowuxo Analysis. — First Innings : Henderson, 192 balls, 20 maidens, 60 runs, 4 wickets; Hadow, 110 balls, 14 maidens, 47 runs, 2 wickets ; Robertson, S3 balls, 10 Inatdens, 81 runs, 3 wickets ; Walker, S3 balls, 1 maiden. 18 rune; Scott, 20 balls, 8 maidens. 8 runs Second Innings : Henderson, 203 balls, IS maidens, 96 runs, 5 wickets; Hadow, 16S balls, 19 maidens, 66 . runs, 1 wicket; Robertson, 84 baits, 6 maidens, 34 runs, 3 wickets ; E. Lyttelton, 24 balls, 2 malaeos, 6 runs; 1. 1>.' Walker, 32 balls, 2 maidens, 14 rami b'cott, 32 ball9, 3 maidens, 15 runs, 1 wicket ; A. J. Webbe, 24 bills, 2 maidens, 4 runs. Middlxsex. First Inntngi. Second Innings. A. J. Webbe, b Allan ... 60 b Allan .' 0 I. D. Walker, c C. Banner- man, 0 Garrett 24 b Boyle 23 Hadow, b Oarrett 2 b Allan — J 6 A. Lyttelton, b Garrett.. 25 c Blackbam, b Gar rett ' 3 Q. Lyttelton, b Allan.... 4 cGregory b Allan 113 H. K. Webbe, b Garrett. O b Allan IT Scott, St. Blackham, b Gar rett 2.0 Murdoch, b Gar- rett 3 Studd, b Allan 2 b Allan 7 Henderson, b Garrett .. .. & b Oarrett Salmon, b Garrett U notour 6 Robertson, not out ..... 2 b Allan 4 Sundries 0 Sundries " Total..... 122 Total 1S£ Bowlino Analysis.— First innings : Spoffortb. 63 bolls, 13 maidens, 29 runs ; Boyle, 60 balls, 17 maidens, 16 runs ; Allan, 96 .balls, 12 maidens, 27 runs, 3 wickets: Oarrett, 120 balls, 15 maidens, 33 runs, 7 wickets; Batley, 4 balis, 6 runs. Second innings: Allan, 167 bolls, 16 maidens, 76 runs, 6 wickets, 1 wide; Garrett, 116 balls, 14 maidens, 44 runs, 3 wickets:, Spoffortb, 56 balls, 3 maidens, 34 run9: Boyle, balls, 16 runs, 1 wicket ; Horan, 12 balls, 13 runs. 