Ir Tasmania doos not, befote'long, become a household word,", familiar on tho lips ofjevery spoaking individual inhabitant of the'British Isles, it will . not be the fault of some of the numerous hosts ef traTellors vrho leave their homos to gather up stores of information wherever | the supplies are worth having. When' "Gulliver's Travels'1 ana "Munchausen's Supernatural Adventures, etc.," surprised the world by the novelty and wonderfully -developed powers of their authors' in-, vontivo faculties, thero wore not wanting, even among rational and intelligent por- s ns, many who firmly boliovcd in tho orthodoxy of ovon ' the most extravagant of tho narrations sot forth therein. Wo havo met persons who hold that the " Arabian Nights" was ' as much ontitlcd to be regarded as faithful records of facts, that really occurred as ' Bruce'a Travels,"' or oven Froudo's biographical sketch of that pious'monarch and sentimental gen tleman known in English history as tho Eighth Honry. There is really nothing too absurd or ridiculous for human credulity to accept, provided tho least pains are taken to give the dose, boforo presented for swallowing, tho slightest nnearAiij-n nf disguise. Wn hntrn heard it Often asserted that, of all tho civilised people on tbo faco of tho earth, John Bull, although ganarally acknowledged to be no fool, is about the. most gnlljbjoin a certain way. We believe a more obstinate and self-willed creature in hubisn form is not to bo mot with. Ho is a perfect em bodiment nf contradictions, mental, moral, and physical. He is at - once the most easily imposed upon, and tho shrewdest of men in tho transacting of the business of ordinary lifo. Ho is not easily pro-' voked to fight, but whon ho. does " go in for it," ho docs , not know whon to leavo off, or wjici; ho is bcaton. Ho has gained a namo for taking a oorpmon-sonso view of everything,' and yot there is not a more easy victim for knaves, cheats, qunoks, and impostbrsjto prey upon than this very sonsiblo follow callod John Bull. No where jn the world doos thoro exist so prolific and remunerating a field for knaves nnd impostors ftf a) kinds to oporato in, as England nftbrdij. It may bo said bo the paradise, of hypocrites and cheats of all kinds ; and at the samo timo no peoplo in the world b&vo; mora doservedly earned a namo for honesty and integrity in aU their dealings among each other as well as with strangers. John Bull has not tJ|o reputation of being what is called U a fnmiy njqq but novorthe- less no one can mako or enjoy a good joko. bettor than ho can. Wo havo bad somp exquisite samples of John's joking dispo sition oven among .onrselm. Wo have soon men of mature ego,, and the gravest deportment swallow the most absurdly preposterous statoinenU as positivo facts,, wltli. as much cngoniosB-nnd avidity as children absorb ftp pwcetest - of 'suar plums ; and while constituting a subject for gonoral laughter aud ridiculo, appoar as unconscious of tho absurdity of thoir position as if everyone looked upon them with tho samo degroo Of self-satisfaction as they did thomsolvos. There oro many spooios in. this peouliar gonus of tho human family— somo which display a considerable portion of viciousness, and who aro to be avoided as much as possiblo ; whilo othors nro'porfootly innoxious, and aro generally regarded and treated as harmless lunatics. Andthoro is a species belonging to thisjclass which combines certain amount of simplicity with a very considerable measure of cunning ana deooit, , This last species aro not safo at all times," and- mAiingo to do a largo amohnt of what is oallod " dirty work" whatcvor plaoo thoy may happen to infost, or in whatever society they aro rcccivod. Wo have been seduced into this strain of reflection by perusing an address de livered in tho town-hall of Oolchcstor, and reported in an Essex journal, which catno to hand by tho last mail. '. Tho subject was tho porsonal oxporionces of a late visitor to Tasmania. This visitor was a Mr. Nook, an English barristor, who re presented himsoll ns being induced to emigrate to this colony through a lecture given by Sir Charles Du Cand in the same piaco and town after his rotnni to Eng land. Between tho two lectures thoro is porcoptihlo a vast difference in stylo and construction. Sir Charles confined him self strictly within tho narrow' and too much contracted limits of fact, and . was therefore not rewarded with that degroo of success a more poetic and imaginative lecturer ought to look for. Wo holibvo tho only produot of tho ofibrfcmado by Sir Charles .to# induco poraons to mnko Tas mania thoir new homo, so far as wo are concerned, was. tho honour of. a flying visit from Mr. Neck himself,' 'and the locating among us . of some mombers oi his family, But wo are not without hopes that, if some ill-disposed and malicious porson in England wno does know somo-- thing of Tasmania does not publicly im peach tho voracity of Mr. . Nook's prin cipal statements, largo nmnbore of people fond of sight-seoing, and of contem plating tho marvellous, the mys terious, and the impossible, "will be tempted to visit this land of reputed won ders. How many pooplo who spond their time and money in sooking to gratify thoir insatiabte craving aftor what is' cnlled knowledge, and the marvols of creation, will not no struck with a longing to see our " Did Man of the Mountain," . who, according to Mr. Neck ought not to bo in this world at all, and who is suspected of having assisted in removing from it mora than ono innocont visitor to Mount Wel lington. Wo ought not to bo at all sur prised if wb should bo ablo to read tho nemos of Frank. Buckland, and othor ominent naturalists among tho list of pas sengers to Australia on thoir way to visit Sorbll Cansoway, to witnoss the floor of " a trosslo.briflgo, throe miles long," whalos and sharks disporting thomsolvos in water about 13in. in depth, threatening every moment to carry away tho. throe miles of bridge out to sea, after jamming thom solvos botwoon tho supporting pilo. Peoplo aro known to tramplo each other to donth whilo trying to satisfy thoir curi osity to soo a real living murderer, ono porhaps who has only sacrificed ono life, or at most two or throe. This is a fact with which Mr. Nock appoars quite fami liar, and it shows him to be quite a genius, the adroit nso ho has made of a national failing. Wo may look forward to thou sands who wore wont to visit tho gaols and places for punishing groat criminals on tho Coutinont, who will bo elbowing each- othor in somo short time to got a pcop at our prize murdoror, " Qnigloy," who is described as having committed no leas than " sixteen murdore," and was within an aco of crowning his list , of victims with tho namo of Sir Charles Du Cano, ,!er Miestv's ronrcsontativo In Tasma- nia! It makes no difference nt all to us whothor our visitors aro doomed to bo disappointed or not. Our business is merely to got their monoy, and lot thorn tako care of themselves. They are not supposed to have boon bom blind, or to havo lost tho uso of thoir oyes as well, ns souses. If they buy " a pig in a poko " .that is their lookout, and not ours. Thoy should not leap hofore thoy looked, like the oflicors wo seduced from India to. tho North West Coast, by representations just ns reliable as thoso made to tho good people of. Colcliester by the imaginative Nock. It is quite trno that: no one over heard of tho tragical suspicions abroad about the "old man of tho mountain " but Neck himsolf ; and it is equally certain that Qnigloy novor committed a murder at alt, mueh leas sixteon, and if there is no such thing as ".a tresalo bridge' throe miles long," or of any length at all at tho Sorcll. Causeway— or that sharks and whales do not swim and disport thorn- selves in the shallow waters of the . mouth of tho river- indicated, that is notour business. # Mr. .Neck .has told his towns people that all iho tilings here spokon of aro real entities,, and can be seen by any ordinary observer who is poculnrily blossed with a lively imagination anil strong inventive faculties. Wo bo- lievo we are indebted to tho samo warm advocate of Tasmania's benuties for having described , tho Hobart Town Rivulet as its creops along opposite Regan's .old tannery, .diffusing stoneb and infection all around its rotten banks, " as the most dolicrhtful trout stream in the world, surpassing In beauty and all othor attraclionsthe choicest ofEnglishrivulels." And if wo are not mistaken, it is to the samo comprehensive minded iavontof that we owo tho original project of paving off tllO Public debt, bv cloarincr mid nnlfivnlinnr eicrht million of acres of tho virgin soil, lying botwonn Hamilton and South Wost Cape, and planting them with red cabbages to ho pickled and shipped to India for consumption among' the Hindoos and Brahmins, -who aro said .to be 'particularly fond of pickled cabbage, when proporly - manufactured. This wns a very comprehensive and dcop laid schoino. For to carry it out would require vast supplies - of Coolie labour — an immonso domnnd for wattlo staves; a tremendous iucrcaso of skilled coopors and other mechanics, and a domnnd for ship ping it in quite impossible to -measure tho oxtent of, without the aid of an imoginn- tipn quite as powerful as that of .'tho pro jector himself. :Wo feel assured My. Nock must have brought this original oonoop- tion of an economical genius specially utulor tho noticoT ' of his Oolohpslor audience, an it was aj thoiho ho was very partial to dilating upon, whilo. ho ;was collecting his stock of " faots 1" for homo consumptfipi. Essex is an English county celohrAtet) nipopg otlicy tl;jng for' its ; flop hrood.pf 'calyos. wliioli firo said to -have a largby supply of eciod'fat brains than any others in all England. An 'J Essex oalf " is said .to bo tlio dullest of nil creatures, and it in owftig to t.ho. lit tip uso Vnado of ite brains by tho 'animal itsolf tliut tho eonsnmers owo tho greater portion of thp ppjoypwqt thpy cjoriyo from, feodipg upon thom- Nqw, it is qiirbqUef that Mr. Neck's audionpp, if. as ;thoy pro reported to bo, werp thankful for the Gullivetian 'Btqrios narrated by, tho lecturer it it quite ccrfAiri thoy must have ))bon nurtured bi>- tirolyuponcalvcs'hcadsjwitbouttjiobrnins, na it is hardly- QqBsiblQ|- after' making every nllowanco for "tho prononcss .of tho multitude to bogullod, tlintho would havo boon toloratod aftor ho h>id uivon expres sion to tho absurdly.' 'ridiculous creation of morbid imagination, Thoro- is something dreadful in tho ngony of a great ompiro about to pass into dissolution and donth. That Tnrkoy oan over bo again brought to lifo as an Euro pean powor no ono now behoves it to bo among possiblo eventualities. Tho dio is cast for over,, and power has departed from the throne of ' tho successors of the Prophet. That a sanguinary rovonga. will bo takon upon nil V itifidols" within roach of' Turkish (soimiUrs, oro Osinatili aro finally oxtinguishbd as- an iiidopondont European pooplo, wo hold to be certain. Nothing' but tho proaonco of ail' over whelming Russian army savoh tho throiU of ns many Christians ns could bo roachod by Ottoman stool. It requires >r a 'fow. more heads of spocial corrospondonts to, bo ebonpod off by "tho gentle Mussiil- mon," boforo tho pooplo of England coma to loam how much thoir sympathies for tho " bravo. Turks"- is abused. Wo are not : accustomed to. admire tho courage and bravery of tigers, Hons, or othor boasts of prey, 'although ovor so capablo of mnssscreing wliolo flocks and herds ; but somehow or, anothor wo fool oxtra- ordinarily sonsitivo about tho barbarous attacks made upon poor, holnloss, inno cent Mussulman, who regAra all othor human bolngs outaTdo thoir own particular, section of tho human family m un fit to bo 'anything - but slnvos ..to./.tho followors of tlioir.prophqt. ..Now, we aro no admirer of tho. Muscovite and should; fool sorry to. sco their. Empire oxtondod by, tlie acquisition in pornianonpu, of a singlo aorb of tho Eiiroposn possessions of tho Sultan, Wo rpgard the interference of Russia, on tho ground of protecting Christians and in tlio namo of religion, ns nothing bottor than rank blasphemy—an outrago ana insult ouoreci io mo aiviuo author of Christianity, ns groat as that which constitutes the opening passage of Aloxsnder the First's proclamation to Holy Russia, after ho had soused tho throno of his father, whom ho holpod to strangle in his own bod-cliambor. " Callod to tho throno by tho special intorforcneo of Almighty God, Wliom it has pleased to romdvo our bolo.vod fathor to another and a bettor world, etc. !" Such was This Imporinl parricide's oponing words, as head of.nations, spiritually as woll as tem porarily, in a fow hours after murdoring his father. Thoro .is just as much of hlasphomy in Alexander's manifesto to Europo, on the ovo of his connnonemg fho war in Turkoy. Wo.liavo no faith in liis Mrjcsty's words. Thoy are moantto docoivo, qutto as much nsanytningspokon orwritton byourown Ambassador or Russia's, at Con stantinople. But Providonco, it would lias docrced that Russia should bo tlio moans of oxpolltng tho uncloan and morci- ,losa s«ivngo, tlio. Turk, from among this family of Christian pcoplos— hut that tlio Muscovite should bo pormittcd to tako his place, nnd with it thofinust position fnf trndo, commorco, and all that consfcl-. tntcs grcatnoss and powor in nations # to bo found on tho globe wo hold to. bom- possiblo uuloss Europo has made up its rflind to become tho footstool of Russia. But supposo ovory inch of Turkish soil to ho clear onco more from tho footprints of Russian soldiers, nnd ovory point that England contonds for bo conceded, what would bo the result 1 Would the Turks becomo more tolerant, or their obsconitioa leas horriblo and odious? Would tho rights of tho overwhelming majority bo more respected by tho intolerant and dominating minority 1 Woiild it ho pos sible to restore Turkoy to its former posi tion nnd to leave tho Eastern question an' oighth of an-, inch hoarcr sottlomont than it has boon for noarly a century ? Wo played into Russia's linnds by. rejecting tho Borlin memorandum, and refusing to enforco the conjoint recommendations of tho Conference hold nt Constanti nople. Russia invited all tho countrios represented nt tlmt Conference to assist in carrying on tho results of thoir dolibora- tion, Tho hivitation wns rofueod, and Russia' in effect was loft to do as it plonsed hor. Thoro. was no ono so blind nnd stupid as not to be able to anticipate tho eourso Russia would tako, aftor being toldV virtually to do as sho liked. Wo greatly. fear wo -havo not as yot experi enced tho full measure of tho effocts of a timo-sorving policy of oxpodioncy which it is now boing attempted to moot by an cxtrnardinnry show of activity and ear nestness. Wo . should not bo at all sur prised if the world is astoundod somo timo not far distant with tho nows of a conflagration on tho Bosphorus more ter- riblo and extensive, than has ovor yot desolated a great city. Tho Turks will never - let . -Constantinople - fall into " infidel" hands Until its ashes aro too hot for Christian feet to rest upon. .We havo not ns yot witnossril Mussulman fanaticism worked up to. its fullest deve lopment, and wo shnll be qnite prepared to learn some of these - days that ; incine rating operations, 'upon a scale infinitely more oxtonaivo than those reported to have takon place, "are being carried out by tho infuriated and. perishing refugees who now crowd tho streets and lanes of the doomed city of Constantinople— the 'grave of Eastern Christianity, now des tined to furnish similar provision for the- hoad of the Moslem world.' Russia may be now looked upon ns virtually in temporary possession of Constantinople— for at any momont sho is nblo either to occupy or to defltroy- it— and leavo it- not worth any thing to elthor Mnh'ommodan or Christian —tho Turks, bowovor, will, wo nntioi- pato, do the work of destruction thom solvos— no bottor destroyers over appoared in the world. Tho Huns wore - very notablo -in this -lino, but the Osmanii were their masters as .Ipyollors. .. Tub Autii.lkht Prize Firing.— As far na can be at present ascertained, Sergeant Hood's detaehmeiit won the first prize for hollow, shot, and Corporal Skinner's tho second. Tho first prize for 321b roII shot fell to Oorprlrnl Knight and tfis mon under him, The remnlniler :of tho awards oannot ho made until tho ac curacy in working tlio detachments Is decided by .Captain Boddam. Sovernl ties will bo 'disjKwe'd of by tho rcjiort uimn this jmrtionof tho com- jietition, ns ivill . also ' Mr. Way's combined prizes. Tho detachments which contested aro ' summoned tn assemble in tho Queen's Battery at fpwr o clock this afternoon. Absentees will he dehaiTcd from participation in tho dintrihu- ti»m of rewards. Undress. uniform, viz., waist belts without sido anns; is ordered to bo \yorn. . . r satumuy Mohni.no'h 'iiih.— "SVo loarii tlmt tho Jjctiso oeouplcd by Mr. Humphrey Pratt, in WilllainHnn-Htreet, and owned hy Mr, Robert Wilson, pf-Battery Poiiit, which wns totally, destroyed hy fire «m Saturday morning, was only partlnlly insured. " » ' ' . ; . jt Entkiitainmkn-t at , Frankmn.-) Tho Na- .tloiiAl Iroupo oponed on tho 24th to a crowded house. Lho first )lece was "The Stnyo-fitritck Darkoy, tho panfc being as follows i—ffolniny; llj. Vining Conpruu; Mr. Melrose i Band- O'Mara i lima do Lurska, Jl. Vestrl. 1'ho farce caused roars of langlitor.' A musical interlude followed, Mr. Vinlngsloff- . tho Cold" very pfttlioticnlly also. ,! .My Wifo is so Thin." Mr. felroso mode mnio lorel hits whon singing "That's the Rcmjon Why," wliioh told woll ii|>on tiio nuiiienco, while lie garo ns nn pncqro Tho T.hl'i Master Kirtff sanir VPlonso Rjy.® morfBohny.l! amTlTwhip Poor .Will." his 5\f?r , Yoico pleasing everyone. Mr. ,T. C. !Jra brought down the houso with Sharaus O Bilen. Tlio Muldoon Guards called out tho wnolo company, tho comicalities of Vinincr and Ycstri canning much laughter. . The force of .Now I>ee .than Welcome;'1, by O'Marn', Yostij, and Mplroaq brought a fongthy Qvenlnff to a close, . . outrank- at TH.vnntnnR.— A enrrosnondont writes on Friday, noon Last nlirlit botweon' 11 and 12 o'clock, as Cnustablo Kingston was on duty at tho York Hotel, ho heard urioi of. distress, nnd hastening to a'htit closoby ho dis-; covered two young men named Dornn ami Hall in tho not of committing a criminal outrage on. an old woman namcdBiddy'Mur|ihy. Ono of. tho men was stifling her cries by smothoring. her, bv covoring her mouth with his hat whilo tho other was offocting Ids purpose, ' Tlio. woman Appeared to havo struggled violently as blood was flowing from hbr"face, ..Both ' pri soners wero taken to Oatlands gaol in a cart ,this morning. Muoh surprlso is expressed on account of tho man Hall, he being a quiet, in offensive, kind young follow. Suiioiination T>F Priuurt.— At the City Police Court on Saturday morning there wore no casos set down for trial, but George Smith and Robert Cnrkoty wero placed In the dock on a chargo of having suborned a witness, William Pretty, or in other words, with having corruptly, allured to perjury William Pretty, who was a witness in the caso in which they wero defend ants; and who'on that nccnslnn. gave false test!-, mony through their Influence and hy their incitement. Tho prisoners wero remanded to 30th inst. Rowdyism, — The conduct of nomo of tho lads and liatf-grown men living in tho nolchbour- hood of the Cascades Is very objectionable, and notice is required to ho taken of it hy the police authorities, . Larrikihlsm- seems rampant in this neighbourhood ; -indeed, this locality ap pears to bo its stronghold. Evory evening, gangs of rough, rowdy fellows parade the street, nnd besides Insulting passers by, commit aots of wanton mischief. , if this state of things is allowed to continue unhcoded, greater and raoro serious cxcesso may he expcctodl por haps attended with loss -of limn., or life to somo of the Inhabitants of the district. To give nn example of tho unruly bohaviour of some of these illsreputablo characters, a case that has been brought under our notice will he cited. Yesterday morning, !>otwcen 11 and 12 o'clock, two big rough fellows knocked at tho door of the Mountain Retreat Inn, and ap plied for admission. This was .refused, and supplemented' by ii volloy, of oaths, tho two applicants forced an entrance into tho '"bar room," and recolvlng somo slight' opposition from the landlord, they knooked aim down and belaboured not only him, . hut assaulted his daughter. The. noise attracted a crowd of un kempt. half-savacre looking lads, who applauded tho conduct of tho two bullies, and helped to form", hy their vociferations and rude gesticula tions, a ficcno that nn eye-witness described to ua as ono of the most disreputable seen in this neighbourhood .for some time. ,We givo the circumstance as it was related to ns, nnd we have every reason to believe In the account given hy a bystander. We belicvo steps are to ho takon to bring to justice the two offenders, and their abetters, and if tho case in, an it is ro;>orted tn be, of such an aggravated cha racter. n heavy puniahmont wilt be inflicted on tho disturbers. Thk City Council,— Tlio Municipal Council will meet, this -afternoon, at the Municipal Council Chamber, at 4 o'olnok, The following is tho business for consideration Reports from tho various Committees, as follows, viz.— Public .Works : RosuTl of. Interview with , the Government on subject of quarry. Queen's Domain; Do.': On potiMou for ropairs to roads and pathways nnar the Boys' Koine ; Do. : On . application of Mr. Duncan Maopherson for a drain at St' George's Hill ; Do. : On applica tion of H. L. Garrett to erect a coffee shop in vicinity nf.c&b; stand, Murray-street ; Lighting : On potitlon - for a tras lamp corner of Collins nnd Park-Htreets ; Tnivn Hall : On condition of the Town Hall Assembly Room Finance : On application ,nf Trustees Tastnatiiau . Public Library for £50 per annum in addition to. pro- sent salaries of the Librarian and bis assistant connected wltli opening Library on' Sundays and holidays. Orders nLtho day' : Mr. Alder man Pike to. move—' That ; it ho an Instruction from this Council that no officer or servant of the corporation shalt at, any,, tline lend "any material, tools,' or" other property of tlio said ( corporation, without tho special sanction of the Council, or a committee of the same, . being first obtniued : Consideration of return relating to lotting.T. H. A. Room, called. for hy Mr. Alderman Daly, and ordered at last meeting. Suhprotkd PoiflONiNo;— Dr. Holdon, assis tant house surgeon at the liospital, left by train on Saturdav morning, for Launccston, in order to relievo .Dr. 'Murphy, head surgeon of tlio hospital in that town, who proceeds to Piper's River for the purpose of orhuining the body of a person whose death It is suspected was caused or induced by poiRnning, Dr. Holdon will' remain in Launccston this week ; In fact he will dischaige the duties of head surgeon till the return of Dr. Murphy. Sat.k of Hay. — Messrs. Roberts, and Co. announce by advertisement that they will sell by auction, at the Constitution Dock, at 3 o'clock this afternoon, 40 tons of excellent pressed hay. Muhioal Instruments.— Messrs. Pollard. 8s Sons of the 0|>nra Orohnstra, notify by adver- v.o\\..iiwi.v ni'.u vnujr itijuuu iiiiiuuut ui muoiuni instruments. Dr. Somkiiville'h Visit,— It is nnnounccd by ndvertisomont tlmt prayer meetings in con nection wlth Dr. Somcrrillo's projected visit will ho hold in the Alliance Rooms every after noon but Saturday at a quarter past 4 o'clock. An Essex Calf.— Wc hear it generally re ported tlmt commissioners aro on tho way to. Tasmania, to tako evidcnco in support of the astonishing description glvon by Mr. Neck, nt Colchester, of his experiences in Tasmania. We can venture to state, " from information received" by ono of our ablest and smartest detectives, that the commissioners are autho rised to spare no oxpense in getting photos of tho M Old Man of the Mountain," and, if pos sible, of the two strangers who wero .lost mid supposed to he eaten hy tho said old mountain ogre. Quigley's is also to bo taken, and the names of his sixteen victims are to be ascer tained; A plan of the trcsslo bridge, three, miles long, at Soroll, is 'to bo prepared, with a view of its being, adopted as a means of com munication with the opposite shores of tho Bay nf Bengal. It is nlsn said that previous to his departure for England, the leatnod Neck has beon elaborating, on a very extensive: scale, tho genealogy of Pontius Pilate's, .wife's grand mother, to whom Mr. Neck has traced his re- lationship. Her name, it is said, he has satis factorily shown was Nictondns. or the double' "winker," for she had the habit of winking both eyes every time hor tongue got un- Imrthened of a "crammer.". .This- elaborate work is in manuscript, anil was left bv .the author in tho care of tho curator of -the Museum, mid fills three large chests, nil double-locked. -"-It is supposed that it was whilevengngcd in this valuable way of em ploying his timo, that Mr, Neck dreamt out tho vnluablo data ho submitted to his brother calves, in tho Town Hall of Colchester, 'as they look very like tho products of a "wool gathering" brain. Sionora Faiuhus Concf.rt.— This evening a ooncort will bo given to Slgnora Fabbris, who lias within the last few weeks bccomo so popular In this cltv. Tho Tasmanlah Ilall has been mndo available for tho nooaslon, and it Is to be expected tlmt there will lie a crowded house, Tho programmo is a peculiarly attractive one, foniot only Is tho Signnra announced to give four solos, mid to tako part in several con- certed, pieces, -but Messrs, F. A. Packer. H. Hunter, W. II. Smith, W. Benson, F. .Tolly, and the members nf tho Orpheus Club and Artillery Band givo their valuable services. ; Volunteer- Uniforms.— Tomlrrs are called by tho Gnyermpcmt, up to tho 4tli pro.; " for 470 scarlet patrol jwkots or jumpors, hlno cloth trousers, forego caps and leggings, for tho Volunteer Rifles. Wc are liulobted to Messrs. .Tames Bally and Cor, tho local agents for Messrs. Bulman Johnson, of tlih Wavorloy Mills, Lauiiceston, for tho information that the tender of tho latter firm for tho scarlet serge has l>cen accepted. A- pattern of tho material has been furnished to ns. It is of a beautifully soft texture, and very thick in snhstauce. Tho colour could not bo miriiosscd. Tho water, ob tainable near tho mills is said tn bu splendidly adapted for dying pip-posea. \\\rc Aro g;ml MOLprpment havo .'rccoanlscd tho 'qIaIiiis of a i asmanmn production, and fool snru that no ono will havo caiiso to regret the solection. , An Explanation Iti:quiuKn. — It is a Briton's dolight to boast tlmt tho law of his country jon)ou.ily guards the lihorty of the sub- ject, and lie luw the sntlBfactlon of knowJng Hint no oITort will ho Bpnrcd M Mnc no Y. innii to justico who coiiunita mitnVor. ffiToreforo, It lH iiiostjiioi'.tiiiiUh'ilt tliofo ohoiihl not ho tho !W>W ji.rvnct.qii nf tho r\\\lo rognrtllno .. coronotiiV inoiicBta. Whon n man illcs in n innnnor Hint nIFonl. tlio »llghtost mi,p!einn Hint hi® ilwsnluticu wns not oxnetly owing to nntnrnl cmiHos, tho police nre fliipposed.to iminodlntoly summon a coroner anil jury to Investigate tlw case. Wo aro Sorry that our duty onmpcln u. to draw attonUon to. tlws f.ot that with our authorities . n convonlM,,j, is , made of the law: 1? , »r ilr. .Tamos Scnloy, who 11 wi Si .1?<,ny '"l"11,"!.' ln»t from anhileKod solf-lnBloted wound hi tho throat, lias boon com- inlttoil to tlio onrth without any comnlnt tn- nulry. It Is tho hnunden duty of tlio Attorney- General, as tlio first Crown law 'Officer, to causo the keenest scrutiny, to, be made, why tho ureal foi af pfotcptlop to tho community was hot , adhered to In this enso. We neeil haroly add tlmt we labour under a ileop boiiro of pain. in. having to revert to mich a sad ocw nrcncij : Thr Southern Tabmanian Pastoilnl As- souiation.— Tho annual nieotlug of the Houthorn Tasraanlan Pastoral iVssociatlon Is to ho held in tho Town Hall on Monday, tho 3rd prox.,'at:7.30 p.m, Ills Jixccllonoy tho Gover nor will presldo. The attcndanco of country inemhers Is speolally requested. Sin James JDlnk Wiwon,— Amongst n iiiimbor of.-titles conferred upon colonial not ables appearing In Saturday's London tele gram, we find tho name of Sir James Milne \Vilson, our resjiocted President, of tho Legis lative Council, as -having received for honour for tho second timo, from Her - Mont Greoloua Mnjonty, Some years ago, Sir James was created a Knight Commandorof tho Order of Saint Michael St, George, and we nre now informed that his services have received tho recognition thoy merited, "in. tho title of -a Knight Commander of tho Bath. Wo fool certain that in. tho whole hatch of new titles.1 none will have boon 'More worthily bestowed than tlmt which funics to Tasmania, Feast 'at the Brickfields.— On Her Majesty's Birthday the aged inmates of tho Brickfields Depot wero regaled according to tho usual custom with a1 plentiful dinner of baked moat, vegatablcs, plum pudding, etc. An oxtra supply of tobacco was also served' out.' v.-. . Tiik.Fakenham Ghost.— Robort Blomfiold the poet of rustic life, wrote somo thirty or forty lines rotating tho trepidation of a bolntcd country dame, who hoard distinctly the tread of a ghost or goblin following hor from tho tnarkot to hor village home. The causo of so, much fear turned out to be . an ass, and the' heroine of the story must also have .boon some-! what of a donkey) to have troubled herself in tho matter, and discovered 'so ! muoh superstl-! tlous fear on. the occasion. Something like the Fakenham- ghost story or " harmless scare," was the little affair of lost evening, that instilled pale fear into tlio heart of some 'half dozen manly forms. Some of earth's wicked. ones or Satan and a couple of his angels wero at first; supposed to have something to do in themntter, but after an.invcstigation had taken place, and. the result of it was proclaimed, the whole thing was acknowledged - to he a ' harmless scare, and by soine 'was said to ho a hoax.' The story Is ' m- follows, for wo ought to dig nify it by that name Last night, between 8 and 0 o'clook, some passers by notlcod a strange flicker in a/(wludow of Messrs' Macforlane Brothers office, Macquarle-ntreet. The Indivi-' mini tva.1 gieatij niunuuu, no vuuiiuumimiou his fears to some four or five other impression able mortals, and they all wero firmly >of opinion that the stores' of Messrs, Mncfarlane Bros, were being diminished by a thief, who was fool onough to carry off some of the contents. Not to be mistaken, they. watched the flickering light for. half an hour, nml-heiugiof the same opinion as before, they dlsiatched one of their number to apprise Mr.' -Macforlane of1 the "unco sight" After a lapse often minutes,' oyer came one of.the clerks of the establishment to cxamine the premisus.The door was opened, the clerk, with aa constable, cautiously . entered the building, while the'erowd stood breathless out side, and, after searching for about fifty seconds, during which time the anxious group of outsiders were in an agonising state of sus pense— the two searchers found that the cause of so miich Inconrenience and trouble was simply the dull flsme nfi a small-portable gas stove that had been left burning. An exohange of pleasantries, a morry laugh, the door was : cleared; and the little crowd aispersed.- 