THE PEESS 01 BE- MANIOTG. It is curious that whenever the Church is passing through an epoch in her history, fraught perhaps wioh momentous issues either for good or evil, the opposition of the world, the tongue of the slanderer, the wiles of the Evil One should grow propor tionately keener. When the Scriptural truth of the Real Presence was assuming a dogmatic form, the Catholic Church was commonly charged with holding orgies in winch the blood of a newly-sacrificed child was poured out. The declaration of our Lord's Divinity was too much for the faith of many generations of Protestants. The cultus of the Mother of our Lord and of the Saints was decried by the world as idolatry. The definition of the Infalli bility is fresh in the minds of all. The schemes by which the Vatican Fathers ., \'\\. ?..?.?,..;;?;?.?-.'....???. v .?,??/, ' .';... .???.,?'?.?? :.-'.,????'?.:',? ?-??...''?.?..-.,. ..'.?.??'?.???:V1-':-:';:' were induced to give their consent, how history v/as falsified, how intellect was insulted, the blasphemous consequencsa that were sure to follow — can never bs forgotten by those who read the Protes tant presn eight years ago. Id. all those cases the Devil was confronted with Truth: a true Diabolos, he slandered it. The Church triumphed. The world jeered and screamed at her, but she passed heed lessly on her v/ny. The world looked up, and lo ! the very thing which is declared to be impossible, is now a matter of history. The election of Pope Leo XIII is no exception to the rule. During the closing years of the last Pontificate, the Protestant press has been glorying over the fact that Pius at any rate was to be the last Pope. The temporal power dc facto was gone — what did it matter about the de jure ? Then it was thought possible that there might be another Pope, but he would never seo Home. The Italians were sick of him, the King would not suffer him. Pius dies, and immediately the acts of the Diabolos begin to show themselves. From the London Times down to the most igno rant Protestant rag, nothing but slander was published about the actions of the Cardinals. Cardinal Manning seems to have been marked out as a special butt. It was gravely stated that ' he threw away his chance for ever of being elected Pope by proposing that the Conclave be transferred to Malta ' — ' it is well known that he had a serious difference with Cardinal Di Pietro, who ia a liberal young Cardinal ' ; and who, we may add, is, as a matter of fact, aged seventy-three. Of course, the whole statement is a lie. Cardinal Manning denies it in these words : — ' !No proposition of mine was so much as contested by my colleagues, and I had the happiness always to be united to the majority — I may say all but unanimity of the Sacred College.' So much for the slanders against Cardinal Manning. With regard to Pope Leo himself, the tactics of the Protestant Press seem to be different. They try to make him out that which they wish him to be — a Liberal in their sense of the word. They pat him on the back and praise him as a reformer. The Syllabus is to be a dead letter, the Immaculate Conception is to be rescinded, the Infallibility is to be a ' rusty weapon.' At the sacrifice of principle he will emerge from his prison in order to establish a modus vivendi with the Qnirinal. The London Times is quite sure that he is not what it pleases to term an ' Ultramon tanisfc,' for in his reples to addresses he ' avoids all mention of the Virgin, with the purpose of discountenancing Mariolatry , which his predecessor so long encouraged.'' In fact, as a contemporary informs us, his Holiness scrupulously avoided any mention of the Holy Ghost with the obvious purpose of discountenancing a belief in the third person of the Trinity ! Such a policy as this of course does not meet the views of the Cardinals. The £l intransingenti Cardinals' are so ' violent' that there is danger of the Pope being assassinated, or as it is ominously put, ' Popes found irremediably objectionable have opportunely died ere now.' Fancy Cardinal Manning sticking the Pope ! It would be out of place to pursue the thought further, but instead of insulting our readers by doing more than smiling, we will remind them who the principal source of these canards is. Our readers must know him to appreciate him. We will let the Catholic Review tell us : — £ * The Roman correspondent of the London Times is the notorious villain, Antonio Gailenga, who fooled Mazzini into accepting him as a disciple of the revolution, who concocted a con spiracy for the assasoination of Charles Albert, King of Sardinia and father of Victor Em' xnanuel, claiming for himself the honour of striking tho dagger into the breast of his sove reign, and who then, sold out hia fellow dupes, took his reward, and went to London, whore he onlisted in the ^service of the Time3. The cre dence attached to any statement he might make would he veiy small.' The Graphic, a London pictorial and Protestant paper, gives us another ac count : — 'Tho present Eome correspondent of tho London Times is that estimable gentleman, TJr. G alien gaB who began his career as a disciplo of Mnzzini, and engaged in a conspiracy for the assassination of Charles Albert, then .King of Sardinia and father of Victor Emmanuel. When the plot was ripe, Mr. Gallenga, betrayed his fellowwconspirators, received the reward of his treachery,, and went to London with s npeoial letter of recommendation fco the Times. The ability of this man as a journalist cannot bo questioned; but L.q often oeemo to take dolight in misleading his own employers and in fooling the English public.' After this, no one will be astonished to read Cardinal Manning's appropriate? declamation over tho murdered remains of iiis Holiness There is nothing more important for Catholics to remember than that if a state ment appears in print reflecting upon the Church, the overwhelming weight of probability is in favour of its being a falsehood. The history of centuries has proved this. As Protestants misrepresent us, our faith, motives, and actions, so does the world, only with far greater malignity, misrepresent those of our rulers. The world hates us5 with a hatred embittered by a latent fear that after all we may be right. It would crush the Church if it could, but it cannot, for the gates of hell shall not prevail. The utmost it can do is to steel men's hearts against her by slander and falsehood. 