WERE the PROPHETS MAGICIANS LIKE the FAKIRS of MODERN TIMES?. " TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, Without entering on the subject at large, though several treatises on " Magia" are lying before me, allow me to send you the following " flat contradictions " to the statements occurring in your reporter's account of Mrs. Britten's lecture last night, as they are offensive to us as a Christian community, or believers in the Christian Scriptures. 1\. The Prophets were not Magicians, ( but they were " holy men of God, who spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost " (2 Peter i., xii.). 2\. The Prophets were not like "Fakir of modern times." The Fakirs (Arabic, 'Faquir, PI. Esqrs) of modern times, are Canoblas (living in community) and mendicants. Thursdays generally are consecrated by them to the important work of mendicancy. 3\. If "Emaciation" contributes to the success of medium-size performances, and if " the future religion of the world" is to be " Spiritism" (an opinion of Mrs. Britten), then every Spiritism necessarily must possess funicular or (capillary anatomy, though we find even in Sydney that prominent spiritists are remarkable for their corporal amplitude October o'. t WAZIR BEE. A GIGANTIC FLOATING BEEHIVE. - Our American cousins have hit upon another novelty, which we find thus referred to in a New York contemporary of the 22nd August A floating beerhouse has been constructed by Mr. Perrin,' a Chicago honey dealer, large enough to accommodate two thousand hives, which he is having towed up the Mississippi River from Louisiana to Minnesota, keeping pace with the blossoming of flowers, and thus stimulating the honey-making- ability of his bees. Returning, he will stop about two months somewhere above St. Louis and will reach Louisiana in October. He wants to take advantage of the autumnal flowers at each point. The plan of moving the bees to get the benefit of the flowers has been tried in a small way in some parts of Europe. It is possible that honey-bee ships might advantageously be sent out in winter to the West India Islands to cruise for honey after the manner above described'' " ' 