OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Siiakesperk. Theatre Royal. " The Octoroon " has been the principal attraction at this theatre during the present week. Mrs. Scott-Siddons' Zoe is one of her most charming impersonations, full of life, and true to the character. Mr. Chaplin, as the Indian, was dressed with more propriety than is generally displayed by representatives of that amiable savage, and filled the part with all his characteristic care and precision. Dora was excellently played by Miss Deorwyn. The rest of the characters were well filled by the various members of the company. The Victoria Theatre. As after a storm comes a lull, so, at this theatre, in the absence of Mr. Creswick, who contrived for some weeks to create considerable excitement here, there is absolutely nothing of any moment to record. Miss Amy Horton has appeared, and very successfully, in a selection of specialities in a drama entitled " The Ocean of Life." The Queen's Theatre. Mr. Punch is glad to notice that Mr. and Mrs. Bates are to re appear at this theatre. On Saturday evening next, " The Red Pocket Book " will be produced, in which these very popular artistes play the principal roles. Mddle. Charbonnet's Concert. What more can possibly be said in favour of this most talented artiste than has already appeared in the columns of Punch. To say that she is as charming as clever, as accomplished as acceptable, and as skilful as scholarly, would be but faint- praise of one who in her representations has of a verity upheld the dignity of the profession — musical — by her truly classic and chaste performances. On Saturday Mddle. Charbonnet gives the last of her series of concerts. School or Arts. Mr. Punch is charmed to welcome his old friend Dick Stewart once again to Sydney — the more so as he is accompanied by his very ac complished daughters, Misses Docy, Maggie, and Nellie. They appear in " Rainbow Revels " on Monday evening next. The Guild Hall. The " Ghost " is going — absolutely going. Although Mr. D'Arcy Read is doing a wonderfully good business he is compelled from cir cumstances over which he has no control to seek fresh fields in which to introduce his Phantom Revels. The Skating Rink. " Skatists " of all ages, sexes, and colours can be accommodated by the champion " Rinker," Mr. Wyburd, at the Temperance Hall, where he gives every afternoon and evening a specimen of his marvellous prowess on the rollers. 