C0JTVT5RSATI0NSIN AKANGLICAN PABS0KAd£. Mr. Michael Audit, contractor, had bnilt nearly all the houses,, and nearly all the Protestant " churches" in Woolcumaurifer. To those tenements erected on his own property he had given names whioh seemed to intimate that ithe memory of his native oity and its suburban environs was cherished in hib heart, although he seldom spoke ofthe "old country," except on Saturday nights, when, after the labours of the week, he sat down, with his pipe and his glass of whisky-toddy, beBide his own fireside, or in his oool verandah. Then he would tell stories of his boyhood's rambles in Phoenix Park on " review" days, and of his stolen excursions as far Howth and Olontarf, and how he: was once almost iadnoed to become a fisherman and a sailor by a Dalkey boy< In his early life at Woolcumaurifer there were no " polities," but when they came Mr. Michael Audit kept studiously aloof [from .them,, bnt talked more than ever about Ireland and "Daniel O'Connell" over his , Saturday night's tumbler. In walking through Woolcumaurifer you might see suoh names;as " LiffeyLane," " Menion Bow," "Stillorgan House," or •'The Dargle Cottage," cut on a freestone slab and let into the wall over the front door of residences planned and built by Mr. Audit. One of the prettiest <4 these was Barsfield Cottage, lately rented by Mr.ArshieBover. It was situated on " the Hill," half way between the new bridge and the Anglican Church of St. Ethelburg. Mr. A. Rover's arrival in the township had given rise to great speculation among the unmarried half of the feminine population of Wooloumaurifer. Mr. Rover hadn't a wife. That was a melancholy state for a man to he in. Was he a marrying |man 1 Had he a good income? Before these interesting points oould be fully sifted the rumour went abroad that he was a widower. Then the young girls began to objeot to him and be severe in their criticisms on his personal appearanoe, and to refuse him beforehand, and wouldn't have anything to say to him. But the advancing ladies rose up in his favour and told the girl* not to reject what hadn't been offered, and that no man ought to think of marrying under thirty at least. The next report that reached the ready ears of Woolcumaurifer about Mr. Rover, , set all the ladies in a new ferment—he was a Catholic. Worse still, he was a convert. Wooloumaurifer bridled np at onoe and looked very soar, and said many things I have no notion of repeating; and then the question arose, was he to be called on 7 Woolcumaurifer's visiting cards were of too fine a Protestant gloss to be left at a " Romish " door. But before the question of oalling on him or not oalling was settled Mr. Rover was dining at Mr. Rubric's and at the Stationmaster's and the Warden's, and all the tip-top people in the distriot, and the second-rate fashionables were left to compound it with their dignity whether they would know Mr. Rover or out him, just as they pleased. Some of the better sort of shopkeepers,;at whose counters he had made some pnrohases, bowed to him in the street, and some even asked him to look in on Sunday. But to all these promiscuous suggestions of hospitality he returned a cold and silent bow. Suoh was his position in the community of Wooloumaurifer when he went down to tea one evening at the Parsonage. The Gorham-tumnlt was at itshighest pitch of theological fury. Puseyism, Evangenicalism, Via-Mediaiam, High and Dryism, were all in arms, and the only intelligible point that the " people" could make wt Was, that the High Church Bishop of Exeter wouldn't receive the Low Churoh Vicar oi Bt. Just into his diocese as a minis-, ter. The doctrine in dispute between them was about baptism. One Protestant said baptism is. no good for infants; Another- Protestant Church said it is no good for grown-up people more than 'for children. What was baptism, and when did it begin, and who began it ? Now these, questions . led directly to Hie origin of Christianity, and as Christianity came from Christ, the further question would force itself in—" Who is Chrut f' Christ ealled 12 apostles. Christ commanded these 12 apostles to go into all the world and baptise all its nations. Who vat Gkritt t . Thitf was' in reality the grand inquiry'that stood back of the Gotham dispute. And this, my esteemed reader, is really the question that stands behind every heresy that has ever risen up in rebellion against ravealed-trath; " It is satisfactory,'? said Mr. Bover, " that in speaking, with |yos, Mr. Rubric, I> have no fear of eontending with vulgat ignorant prejudioe," said Mr.&ubric.; w&m; hesitate, as I haye perceived several times this evening," observed .Me. Rover, ^'io speak of the ever Blessed' Virgin ' Xht ifot/Kr of Qod.', iMtyl ask iievutyoa looked closely : into jow^ reasons :ior this hesitation ?" " I think," reptieft^Cr. Bobac* V that the Bible justtfieBjaeittasyfcesitstton.": "To what part of the$iUaJta*pu>lttRtot , & asked Mi, Rover., ,".! OOi able to show that Mary was free hr. . hen she applied to him respecting th.^S ofwine." While Mr. RubEto^ he words that "Mary was nol b ^ ? gently bent down htalSS pressed his hps together, and dUplavrtl far as politeness would allow, til theami anoe of one who lutened to worts pained and distressed him. « But hnw^T all that justify fon in your reluctanoe to125 her < The mother of God P'» said Mr lL» while addioj a small lump of sub»» u*' tea. "If Christ was God, and Mar?^! Mother of Christ, surely she was the of Ood." «I am fully aware," 88i d Bubrio, that St. Cyril, at the Synod rf Alexandria, a.d. 480, condemned W torius, Archbishop of Constantinople S, teaching as his arohpriest, Anast^ aught, that Mary was not to be called tki "Mother of God," but JtfotW „f Oftmt," but, as I have already reminded voi our Churoh of England, in the 19th 20U? and 21st Articles, alleges that, not onR local synods but general councils may en and have erred, both in matters of faith asd morals and in the worship of God. Cm! sequently Cyril's condemnation of Neitor has no weight with me. "As ma nglioan Church teaches, so, of course, von. her minister, are bound to believe, so fu u on think "your Chnrch is right. I admit this, willingly, though it makes yon a iodM over your Church. The difficulty, asit seems to me, is |jnst now exemplified in tha dispute betwewi Mr. Gorham and the Bishop of Exeter. One says your 01wm£ teaches one. thing, the other Bays ghg doesn't, and now the laymen of the Prin Council are to deoide a deep question of theology. _ But your Churoh reoogoues in her homilies the first four general ooanoili and the Creed drawn up at, and debate! and solemnly deeided at these councils yoi recite every Snnday of your life in all psruh ohnrohes, perhaps in 20,000 churohes is England, and as many more in Canndn, India, the Cape, the West Iodiee, and Australia. Is this creed, sanctioned ani settled by the first four general cooadlf, absolutely trae ?" Mr. Rubric looked sob* what uneasily at Mr. Rover, and, after a -pauflcrwpUed; " Yes, I undonbtingly hold and believe with absolute certainfy the creed of my Church, the Nicene Creed. It was drawn n^ with the oonounenoe of, it least, three English bishops, who were present ; it Was redited and re- affirmed at Constantinople; again recited andconfimei at Ephesus; and again reoited and oonfirmel at Chalcedon." " But yet," said Mr. Borer, " your Churoh teaches you in no less than three articles "that these four general councils may have erred in drawing up that creed. How oan you be absolutely certain that the Nioene Creed is true, when the oouncils that defined and deolaredit may have been only stating falsehoods?" "TheOhuieh of England does not teaoh that then font general oounoils have erred. She only teaches generally that such oounoilB havs erred." "Bnt just there is the teaohingof your Church all the more perplexing and unsettling, beoause it may apply to all as well as to any of the general councils. Ton oan never make an act of faith on an nnoertainty, and your Church makes all oounoils and all creeds uncertain." "But oar Anglioan Church," replied Mr. Bubrio, "holds and teaches that the Nioene Creed is to be believed beoause it oan be proved by the Bible." "But the Bible itself," said Mr. Bover, "oomes down to you verified by a council of the Churoh, and by nothing else. Did that oouncil err when it settled the Canon of Scripture ?" " But we are sure of the Scriptares," said Mr. Bubrio, ".without any oonnoiL 1 " How so," asked Mr. Rover. " Wereyoa alive and did yon see the Scriptures written, and keep them in your pooket all the last 1800 years?" "No," said Mr." Bubrio " bnt we have them as an heirloom, and they have come to us by Divine protection, free from all error, and they speak lot themselves as the word of God." " That U only a repetition of your previous assertion, said Mr. Rover, "butis no answer to my qneition. The Scriptures were written and then copied over and over a hundred times. TM originals, written by the first and inspired bishops 6f the Catholic Churoh, are lost to nf for ages, and who oan certify you of the verses by which you would prove the Creed?" Only a eoneio of bishops; who, from year to year throughthe first seven eentnries had the guardianship of them coold ever verify the identity of the.copieB with the originals. What! would say is this—that oat of the Catbolw Churoh you have no certainty that whatyoa call Scnpture is Scripture." "But wears the Catholic Churoh in England, ana we say ' you went 'out from us, ««• so you, left the Catholic Cimroh and beoameRomish dissenters,"saidMr.Rnbns- " But so said the Arians to the Counoil ot Nice' and. to St-' Athanasius," replied Rover, ",po Baid the ApoUinariaMand Ma«- doniang to theCounoU of Constantmople; W said. the Nestorians. to^ the ConnoU W EdUbub ,' Bo said the fiutyohJM»_ Coundl of "Chalcedon; so says DolhngerW "iiioatf' 'Oonn&L; As sotm as »« rtpfiiob, they all cried; odt: * Wejtte gj . _„thii J woild. HfsP^fl affiiht l* otts waS.in WU. ^^•dnlts m logical [Mb. A. Bovbb and R«v. Mr. Bnbrio go on with theit dialogue—w|w Mary " (he Mother of God?"—The constant design of heresy to corrupt the trbe ddotrine tiOp. oeraing Christ.—Nestorions.-Sf. Cyr}I.— The four great heresies, and the four general councils.] from hiB own heresy," replied Mr. Rover. •••His intention signified nothing. His -words bad a meaning, which the Church at nnoe pointed out and repudiated as subversive of Christianity. No plausibilities or aoDhistries ever deceive the Catholic Charoh, Lid at onoe she denounced the teaching of NeetoriaB as a denial of the Incarnation and with that of the Atonement, and this really jg the ultimate result of all heresy." " I understand the tendencies of heresy," said jlr. Rubric, "but the question is, was Nestonus a heretic when he said that Mary was oniy the Mother of the human nature jn Christ?" The thought overwhelms me when I am told that God, the Infinite, could be comprehended in the womb of a woman." " The idea of God is overwhelming to all serious minds," said Mr. Borer; «but our path at present is not in the fields of speculation but history, and it will help us on if we glance at the career of NestoriuB. He was, as you are" aware, a native of Germanicia, in Syria, and was born about 390. He was a boy of great promise, with brilliant talents, studious habits and great self-reliance. He was •educated in the Monastery of St. Epiphanius near his native town, and ' early in life became the friend of Theodore MopsueBtia. Having received priests' orders he went to Antioch, where he soon acquired a celebrity as an eloquent preacher •and divine, and by his zeal against the followers of Apollinaris, who had been con- -demned and excommunicated by the \- Council of Constantinople, in A.D. 381, for teaching that Christ had no rational soul as man, and that its place was supplied by the Divinity. This teaching destroyed the proper Humanity of Christ, and with 'it the Christian doctrine of the Atonement. The fame and ability of Nestorius attracted the notice of the Emperor Theodosius, who recommended him to the See of Constantinople, the capital of the Soman Empire in the EaBt. On leaving Antioch for Constantinople, in 428, he took with him his friend Anastasius, an eloquent and learned divine. In hiB first sermon at -Constantinople he expressed his determination to give DO oountenanoe to heresy, and, by his influence with the Emperor, the sect of the Apollinarians were so restricted that, in vexation, they set fire to their "ohuroh," and the flames catohing on the houses close 'by a great conflagration ensued. Preaching one day against this heresy, Anastasius, now Arohpriest of Constantinople, first openly broached the doctrine that ifary was the Mother of Christ, and not the Mother of God. The objeot of the sermon may have been to refute the Apollinarian heresy. But the" preacher attempted this refutation by maintaining that in Christ there were two persons, one being the person of man, and, therefore, endowed with a rational soul as other men. But his Catholic congregation was both Astonished and displeased at a doctrine so derogatory to the most holy Mother, and in "their anger they oomplained to the Archbishop Nestorius of the tseandalous discourse. Bat, to their greater astonishment, Nestorius refused to hear their complaint against Auastasius, and not only defended him, but, on the following Sunday, he preached the same doctrine himself. A violent commotion soon arose and spread, andas there was then daily oommuuication between Constantinople and Alexandria in Egypt, like as there is between Dublin and Liverpool, the sermon of Nestorius was soon known of by St. Cyril, Bishop of Alexandria. Now, I beg of you, Mr. Rubric, to observe, 1st., that there was a general.belief in the Church at Constantinople, in A.D. 430, that Mary was the Mother of God; 2nd, I beg of you to observe that the teaching of Nestorius was n*w to the Catholic people of Constantinople; 3rd, I beg of you to observe that the Catholics at Constantinople protested against the new opinion. Hence I draw this conclusion, that there was a general bsliet in the Catholic Ohuroh, so far baok ai 1500 years, that the proper title of Mary was " The Mother of God," and that the title given to her by Nestoriasj was received with anger and resistance. Do you consider me illogioal in •my premises?" "No," replied Mi. Rubric. "But I mast remark that I find DO such title given to her in the Bible." '' We shall see more about that by-and-bye," said Mr. -Rover; " but, after all, it seems you deny the Nicene Creed, whioh deolares Christ to be " true God of true God," and of one substaooe with the Father." " No," said Mr. Rubrie, "I do not deny it; bat there was a human nature in Christ whioh was not oonsubstantial with the Father, but derived from the substance of Mary. Of this nature she was the mother, and this .nature was Christ, and she was the mother of Christ." " Now then, let us see again," -said Mr. Rover. "There were 4 great heresies in the first 4 centuries, and 4 general couneils* of the Ohuroh were assembled to condemn them. All these heresies in some way impeached the divinity or humanity of Christ, and,, respecting Ohrist, 4 things are to be considered. 1st. His Divinity. "2nd. His Humanity. 3rd. The anion of the divinity and the humanity. 4th. The distinction between the divinity and the humanity. Arias denied the proper divinity of Ohrist, and was condemned by the General Council of Nioe, A.D. 325. Apollinaris denied the proper Humanity of Christ, and was condemned, JL.». 381. Nestorius divided Christ into two persons, and TO condemned by the OonheQ of Ephesus, A.D. 431. Eutyehes eqnfnsed the divine Baton and the human nature of Christ together, and gave Christ but one nature; and thsGeneral Coancil of Chalcedon condemned Eutyehes, k». 161. -now, first ol all, I mhould like to know from your Ohoroh 11 these 4 General Councils 'erred,' as your artielessay,in ooodemn- ing theBe heretics, who each in hiB own way destroyed the foundation of Christianity, ing him as a man into a monster." "I do not either by denying Christ's divinity,or hy turnunderstand the Chnrch of England to say that these four general councils erred when they vindicated the divinity of our Saviour," said Mr. Rubric. "It is a pity your Church didn't state what councils have erred and wherein they have erred. A general council in the creed of whioh yon profess your belief absolutely, condemned Nestorius as a heretic for refusing to call Mary ' the Mother of God.' Did this oouncil err in doing so P If it did it may equally have erred in its approval of the Nicene Creed." " I believe with the 2nd article of my church," said Mr. Rubrio, "that, the divine nature and the human nature were united in Christ, never to be divided, and that this union took place in the womb of the Virgin Mary; but it appears quite possible to me that Christ may be God, yet Mary be only the mother of his human body." " But that is precisely what the general council of Ephesua condemned Nestoriur) tor teaching," said Mr. Rover. " Your Ohuroh requires you to read what you call the Cresd of Athanasius once every month in your service- Athanasius affirms the fact that the two natures of Christ were united in one Perion. Nestorius said Ohrist had two Person*. Let me ask you what personality had Christ?" Mr. Rubrio did not immediately reply. He gazed into Mr. Rover's face, as if looking at one whose words he did not understand, and then answered, " The Logos, or Word, or Son of God was made Flesh." '• Is not the Logos, or the Word the Second Person of the Trinity ?" " Yes," said Mr. Rubrio. " Then the personality of God was that whioh enshrined itself in or assumed the Nature of man by the generating act of the Holy Ghost in the womb of Mary, and thus accomplished the INCABNATION. And as the personality of Christ was the personality of God, Mary, in being the Mother of Christ, became most truly the MOTHER or GOD, as the general council of Ephesus deulared her to be against the novel notion of Nestorius ; and thue we come to understand Sc. Paul when he said—Acts xx. 28.—that God redeemed us with his own blood." 8th September, 1878. PEUTETBX. 