3OXTINGS IN AND A&QTf;&j;) GAWLEB. (by hoiindabou*.) ' A cmel s among ye taMn* notes', . -.„ ?' An faith he'll prent 'ero.-=-BuBK8'i '*' '' THE PABfc* LA3Nl)S: ' ' In the ?viciniij ' of -Gawler are some very pleasing ? bits of Nature/ yclept scenery, which', as natural to enppose, call fpith the admiration of every stranger. Satisfactory too is it to1 know they can be reached with 'little trci-fcle, and tbe denizen of Colonial Athens can, after the fatigues and worry of business; moeedilv eairi these soul-reviving spots, where calm and beauty tranqailise tbe mind and free it from enervating anxiety. Of all spotB, bow ever, adjacent to Gawler, the Park Lands, the snl-j»ct of the present 'Jottings/ are to my fancy the best. They are situated on tbe banks of tbe Para, and may be properly characterised - as the ' people's recreation ground/ since here toanj a contest between local elevens at cricket — or 'witli a larger-number of players football has been gallantly contested. Here, too, meet occasionally the volunteers, a fine body of men. Whose military tactics and mat ceuviing under Capinin Makin would not be unworthy of old Teterans in the service. Leaving behind the bustle of Murray-street, passing the .English and Qatholjc Churches the, public school ' and sundry villa Resiliences preijily, dotting the hill sides; the Park LandV «ncios&i; -byea heat fence, and entered ^by wickets, are reached. EnteringJjy one of the latter a number of email trees arranged with exquisite taste and precision meet the eye 'Theee line the sides ot the Park Lands, and are carefully protected from the encroachment ©f cattle or horses by Substantial fences. A few years hence, when the ehrnbs have assumed larger proportions, they will indeed prove -*.n Ornnmeut to the spot en which they are planted, and become worthy compeers of those somewhat ancient mi-narchs of the buEh, the veteran gum trees, which, like the brave old ?ak*BO famed in song and story, here stand jet living mementos of the 'days that are no more.' One of tbe principal objects of interest in the locality iB the famous '.Prince's. Tree,! so oh visited and considered worthy to take first place among the ' curios ' of Colonial Athens. It was planted by Prince Alfred himself about nine years ago, to commemorate his visit to this part of the colony. The tree is of the eucalyp tus Older, and has evidently thriven well since first placed in the position it now occupies... It forms the centre of an arborescent enclosure, and to those interested in its characteristic*, or who find sermons in stones and good in every thing, there are seats near, whereon «then testing they may enter the realms o£ contempra iion and find food for reverie. As I reacfl tliiB tranquil spot, the stillness around, unbroken save by the twittering, of parrots, or the warb lings of magpies, induces feelings of calm anl happiness— coi'tentme^nt1 here wrapB every cense and charmsjaway' every trouble with ite Eyrene influence. 'Tie an hour, when forgetful of past or future, one lives only iii the present, and vevela to fulness in the glorious prospect hemmed in with sunlight, .and , redolent of Iranqurlity. Now is the. time for Fancy and her handmaid Imagination to assert th'eir sway ?—a leaf, a flower, ol a blade of grass may start them into realms remote, and arouse the ghosts «f departed worth in the cbarnel of the Dead Sea past. As I sit here facing the Prince's tree, the waves of Time appear (like those men tioned by Joshua, the son of Nun, in Holy Writ) to Btand up like a wall, and unveil the mysteries ef centuries ago. In my hand are the' poems of Kobert Burns, Scotland's greatest bard, and Nature's most profound student. Scott fcas charmed us witn nis einn prose, ins witenmg numbers lingering long in our ear as we per ?BBed ' Marmion/ or the ? Lady of the Lake j* but of all give me puir Robbie's simple heart stirring songs, those wild-and unhampered lays whose sentiments are the essence of poesy and beauty. -Before me are two men, hobert BurdB, the prince ' o* men for a' that,' and a Prince by birth, who, by reason of his title and position, was the object of public admiration . herp; which of these two think you was greatest ? He whose name and tame is known by the number of trees he has planted, or the font, elation-stones he has laid, or the honest poet ploughman, whose voice though hushed forever in the grave, yet speaketh in the poems to which his genius gave birth? I seek no reply, but pass on. . ; Again the Para, small, slow, and- tortuous, is in si^bi, lined by trees, and at intervals inter* rupted by bold and almost perpendicular banks At t bis point a ^mopt . singular natural .pheno mena occurs, a something remarkable in the highest degree. The solution of the mystery ?which seems to surround the Para at' this juncture flashes on my view, and I feel some what the same as Stanley when reaching the source of the Nile. Excelsior! It is here! the junction, or union of two distinct riverp, the ISonb and Soutli Para, which, after amalgama ting their waters go or. harmoniously seaward under the somewhat, euphonious name of Para Para. Bow the appellations change ! how lew the old aboriginal titles to be found now! It eej ms a pity that: which is so pleasing and poetical should give place to common matter of fact cognomens. All hail, then, to Para Para aud it6 euphonious name ! As I stand on the bi-uk, regaidirg with dreamy indolence the bright, luughing streamlet, leaping and spark ing ou its loute, those pretty Lines of Moore's — ' The meeting of the waters,' flash through my mind; and here think I, is the epot where the true poet may now find material for many a soul-stirring couplet, for many a grand con ception of imagination. A sudden turn of the kaledoscope ol fancy and 1 . lrame the follow ing.— , . ' In emerald robes now Nature decks the hills. And all is beauty in this fairy scene; . . W hat sweet tranquility the landscapes fills, Hi-w groat the charm found in this world of green 1 The winding Para stretching far away, L.ke some vast n irror — one long train of light, Lies xnargin'd.witb its trees of green or grey. Bursting at intervale upon my sight. Here park-like '^Shdsan-i well till'd fields abound. Htre cultivation opes its varied store, 'While plenty hath each fei tile harvest crown'd. Contentment t miles and asks for nothing mo- e. Uetracing my steps up the bank I proceed slowly ouwhtiI, following tho course of the Isoitii Para till by another gate I am ushertd into a pathway leading back to the town. On the left is WiUaston, a small but pretty ham l.-t, ai.d bey.-nd it. visible even at this distance, is i he outline of the cemetery, a place wherein 'the jude forefathers of the bamlet sleep' This spot, teeming with interesting records of ^epartt-d .worth -and goodness, I. purpose soon to VJBil and uetail Biy. impressions . thereoa. There is eo much worthy of note in, and r-und Gawler that materials are not wanting for many papers; that justice will be done to all cac hardly be expected, especially fis.at inter vale I am tempted to run off into tbe realms of reverie and deviate from my subject., It has been thus in the present sketch of the Park Lands, I have but given the outline, and the picture intended to be made is somewhat im perfect and incomplete, put a, truce to moial ising ; let us pass on to another subject* (to be continued.) During the past year Queensland farmers have gotte into extensive wheat planting, and the returns just publish? d show an increase of 9.514 acres under wheat cultivation. 