i T r , r Tom Nowricl - ftwUTlBK FOB THB " POET APKLATDB ITEWS."] We had already ^n^ra^i^iwntly in times past in another colony, but sinceTom's arrival in Adelaide I had only occteionally caught sight of him. However, X wm pretty, familiar with Ms nature, and knowing something of his former habits, I was not greatiiy surprised to see in his appearance a gradual change for the worse, foreshawdingof the tatters and ton of the homeless vagabond. Nor was I^nistaken in the view I took of his sadly-altered circumstances, or of .the kindand extent of his recent bufferings. Although fairly endowed, with abilities, he had seemingly exercised theseonly by fits and starts,' aftl' the money made on these occasions was: speedily thrown into the till of the smiling publican. Neither comfort, nor nourishment was derived from his expenditure of his earnings. He was, and he knew it all the time, one of the fools who part easily with their money;. In bush townships he had seen bushmen robbed of their hard-won savings, and half poisoned by heartless, roguishmen, and then flung out of doors; and he had seen in this fair city the last copper taken over the counter from one who had been "a good customer," and then abuse and the vile slang when refusing a drink on credit were the reward of the " good customer" for that constant custom that had impoverished him, and reduced him to the base [evel which one does reach when he can be made the butt of an ignorant publican's obscene jokes. Yet, well knowing all this, Tom continued in his evil courses, till the fumes of drink became a sort of dftTivning incense. Everywhere he was spotted as one " going to th? bad." The welldressed companions in many "aspree" passed him by ; and when at last they knew he had quarrelled with those for whom he had occasionally worked, they spoke more despitefully of him. But Tom, had at least spirit enough to scorn and laugh at these panderers of success, however dishonestly attained. 'To him they truly appeared lower than himself—strutting Pharisees some of them he knew to b^ while others were "more damned in ill" than the worst vagrant with whom it might be his own lot to cdnsort. But Tom still had one or two sincere friends left, and by their assistance he was enabled to rub along for a bit. This condition of things was, however, so humiliating that the thought of it drove Tom still deeper into the mire-; and when the brief part of his story which this Sketch covers commenced, he was houseless, workless, and penniless. "How did I spend my Christmas ?" he sadly, asked, repeating a question I put to him on the, occasion referred to; " Ah! sir, I would iather not tell you, nor would I but that I know that you do not ask so as to satisfy any impertinent curiosity. Truly, then, I spent it badly^enough —God knows, badly enough. For days I had been yeryiU, partly because I had been drinking heavily, and, as is the ease always with me when _I_do drink, I had been eating nothing. On Christmas Eve my-money was exhausted, and my spirits were neither "finely touched/' nor to "fine issue," for I felt sad, lonely, and utterly cast down in presence of those who had begun the festive season with mirth and tender greetings. . . - . For me there was nothing of the kind. Iwas as surely ostracised as if the fatal shell of theGreeks had been handed to me. Although none actually knew my circumstances, I felt their griping, tearing force, even when I called on some acquaintances who were late at work, though- it was Christmas Eve, and, with a shew of merry meaning, wished them the " compliments of the season." Then eagerly I fled the streets, and hied me away to a place where alone and unseen I could, and did—let me confess it—weep in secret. ~ How the hours dragged with me through that long night, the oppressive gloom of which was occasionally broken, but not relieved, by the cheerful songs of passing revellers ! Sleep I could not. Keenly I felt the force of the words with which Macbeth remorsefully bewailed the innocent sleep :— " Sleep, that knits up the ravell'd sleeve of care, The death ofeachday's life, sore labors bath, Balm of hurt hind*, great nature's second course, Chief nourisher in life's feast." As the dawn came creeping over the hills, the dreary procession of my maddening reflections came to an end,.for I had to bethink me where I should go and conceal myself during the day, the place where I had passed the night being too public in the sunlight. It boots not now to tell you how before me rose beautiful images of far-away dear ones, the ghost of many a departed joyous Christmas tide, the pitiful longings for one glimpse of the buried past, when life was young and friendship more than a name ; or how heart-breaking, yet unavailing thoughts on my woe-begone condition oppressed me. The recital of what then flashed through my mind, or the ignominious whispers of an artful tempter, would be too terrible for me to recall. I spare myself when I spare you such a recital. Enough, I was completely undone. The fields would give me silent welcome, and to them I went. I shrunk away through one of the pretty suburbs of Adelaide ere yet the occupants of the villas were afoot, and, luce a scared outcast, was startled at every open window. By-and-bye the Christmas chimes were wafted to me, and sadly X sat down to listen to the glad tidings they brought even to me; apoor sovd- burthened and homeless wretch. A glad memory was in every chime, but, alas ! that glad memory was all of gladness that was with me now. Its very freshness neemed to mock me, till I solemnly cursed •myself, and again hurried further afield. : But it was useless for me to seek refuge from the scenes conjured up by these blessed ringings on the Christmas Day. They haunted me everywhere, and they will haunt me till I die. At last I sat down under a large shady tree, in the.midstof a seemingly unfrequented paddock, and there, as the sun mounted higher in the heavens, I fell into a dreamful sleep. : How long I slept I cannot say, but the sun was sinking in the west when a sudden noise aroused me. . The cause thereof was soon apparent, gome boys in rough play were throwing stones ajt me,'for they guiltily made off when they saw nke stir. No doubt it was " great fun" for them t6 disturb and try to hit with missiles the prostrate being who was nothing to them, of course, hut a' drunken man. Well, to me it appeared little, so I pardoned their unfeeling and thoughtless attack; yet I could not refrain from ejaculating that even youthful larrikins slight forego their games on Christmas Day. ! What to do, was a question as difficult as ever to answer. In my condition of mind and body, to say nothing, of my unfestive-lookifig garb, I could not venture to call.on any one, although Ii believed that under any circumstances I would receive a welcome in one place at least. I was hungry, thirsty, and travel- stained, yet I dare riot show myself on such a night among cheerful gjuests, nor could I bear the thought of sitting ih an outer chamber, pitied- and -tolerated, within the sound of merry voices.and"fhe song and dance. This could not be. As. well might my friend place a death-head and cross-bones under the misletoe as present me in such a company. Oh, no, I would not. be a mar-feast, ^either would I act the part of a social " sundowner," and go to the kitchen, when I dare not intrude into the ^dining-room. But go some- where I must, for the drink was dead in me, and I was very weak for want of food. ; When I again trod the streets of Adelaide, the lamps were lit, and bright lights streamed through the open windows of nearly every dwelling. Now and then I caught glimpses of gaily-attired men and Women, who were appropriately keeping up the old custom. More than once I listened to music, which is no respecter of persons, but comes alike with its soothing influences or ITB reminiscent tenderness to the poor as to the rich, to the sad wayfarer as to the young woman who yet nourishes "Love's roung dream." As I strolled wearily past one ! louse, there fell pn any ears the ever-touching trords of "Home, Sweet Home." You may .•guess, sir, what effect they had upon me. I walked as fart as I could away from the sound of them, and as I hurried along I could not but remember the fate of the lll-JBtarred author of them. He, too, had been eut in the streets. You may recollect the circumstances. As homeless and friendless he traversed the avenues of New York, the words of his own song were grafted to him. Was it not like a mockery ? Home, Sweet Home," was, alas! only a memory to him. , Still, dying as he was through exposure and starvation, he was forced, under these terrible circumstances, to listen to the language of his-happy moments. But I need not pursue every step of my wan derings on that night. Suffice it that, just as it stroekten o'clock two young fellows, who had known, me long, hailed me near the post-office, and pressed me to - go and have a drink with them. For i>he reBt's sake alone I would have accepted their offer; but I admit that the prospect of drink was in itself a sufficient: inducement. I went with them to an hotel which is known to the police and cabmen " a late house." This house, like many others, depends to a large ; extent on night business, so I was not Surprised to find it crowded with a noisy, and, for the most part, half-drunken mob of men, with here and there a -leering woman, whose attentions, when I entered, were monopolized by some men of good repute, in King Williamstreet, but whose nocturnal escapades, if really known, would hardly advance them in virtuous society. , It was not hard for my companions, who had hot seen me lately, to detect that something wa§ amiss with me; but as my down-cast look and unsociable silence wore off as the drink got hold of me, I dare say they began to think me more tolerable. It was clear that I must tell them that I could not " shout." When I did so, one of them, who had been similarly obliged by me on a certain awkward occasion, forced me to take a . small loan, so that I paid my share, and arranged to lie for that night on a sofa. But when I tried to " eat a biscuit" I could not. The hunger fit had gone, and in its place had tome excitement, begotten of drink. Yet, I r jnind me well that I said nothing regarding how the day had been passed by me, but sought rather a kind of maudlin relief in listening to the songs of bushmen, and yarning about one place aiid another far away in the country. It had long struck twelve o'clock when I was afforded the chance of lying down on a sofa in one of the rooms. When I did Christmas had gone for another^year, and I knew to my sorrow what I tell, how I had spent my Christmas." Here Nowrie paused. He had certainly answered the question I had asked, and the answer only made me more anxious to-know more about him. As if anticipating the j tion I would fain put, he turiied.to me, looking me full in the face, wrid^' ^ 4 k ^ ' But you want to know how I got into gaol—eh ? Well, I don't mind telling you. It wasn't the first time, as you are aware, but it was assuredly the worst time ; though,? grange as it. may appear, the going to gaol'waa tha salvation of me—it averted my Doota. : ' :1 < (To be continued. : : e 