I OLD LETTERS. WITH roay ribbon's faded ghost to bind them, Loo? forgotten amid things we all forget, In a cheat of «noient souvenirs I find them. Faintly scented from old crumbled mignonette. And H now I «lowly read them, solemn-bearted, : I imiRlne.-witti a vague phantasmal dread, That among their yellowed paces I have parted Tbe Inviolable cerements of tbe dead 1 Here ire wards that shine willi Bunny expectation Of returning over sea to friends and home : "When at last thia gaudy Carnival's elation Discontinues, we shall tear ourselves from Borne." . Like a brook the merry language ripples brightly ; Well (beloved, Unit happy sinter, what life gave! Let nie think how many years lt ls that nightly Stirs h ave glimmered on ber lonely Koman gravel \- Here la writing that I almost hold as holy ; He vas auch a llKht ol' learning. Brother Ned 1 : Equal gentleman to lotty or to lowly. ' Witta bis candid Saxon eyes end golden head I I Father chided bim too sternly, always orying ; At bia boylBh college lore of cards and wlnca 1 Ah, how often I bare dreamed I aaw him dying ' For away among lhaso Oregonian minea 1 Here are leaves where still tho soul of summer lingers t "Came to-morrow, love ; tho country is so dull.' Oh, tho perfume of those cottage-door syrlngaa, And tue twilight of the meadow's languid lull 1 Ob. tho fire tiles, with their dizzy glitters woven Through tho boskage ol' tba oopses dark and A damp t Oil. the rapture while the gently played Beethoven Ia the parlour where the moth was nt the lamp 1 Ula lately as last AuguBt that I met her At tbeorowded .Newport ball where I had strayed, One a widower ol sixty-two and better. One a dowager with feat hera and brocade. Was it laney that sometimes looked severely At ber pretty daughter's partner In the waltz ? Conld lt happen that a meagre Income yearly : Waa conspicuous among hie youthful faults 1 Drearmomenioes ol those disannulled affections. Like tbs rayB from planets that no longer glow, With your tiding* that are ghostly resurrections, ; lt were wiser to have burned you long nco 1 Yet. alas I what wasting flame's Intenser Hashes, ; With the reddest greed dcatruction oan endow, Could hare made you thc irrevocable ashes '. lhat annihilating Timo baa mado you now 1 