THE SEAMEN'S UNION BALL. TO THB EDITOR. : Sir—Will you kindly permit me to thank " One who was Present" for his gladness at the success ef the late ball held hy the above Society, and we would gladly have added to our meed of ^thankfulness if he had adhered strictly to the "truth in the latter put of his letter. And I ^sincerely hope he will attend our next ball, [when he will be presented with a free ticket ion application to myself or. any member of the Committee, who I most respectfully beg to inform him were not well paid, but gave their services willingly and freely in what they considered a good .cause without any payment, except the thanks of Ihe whole body they represented. With reference to the drinking element we were compelled to allow the bar in the ballroom, not being Pleased with the same accommodation as at the Town Hall, where the votaries of Bacchus could indulge their inclinations in the regions below without ceming in contact with the gentler sex, of whom " One who was Present" has constituted himself the champion, but, I may add, without any return of thanks from them, for the majority were so well pleased with their enjoyments that the Committee have been requested by a large number of young ladies to give them a similar treat as soon as poEsible. With reference to the jolly tars losing their sea legs we very much doubt if " One who was Present" ever, had or possibly could get sea legs, or he would not have made so imbecile a display as he did on the occasion referred to. I ask as a favour if your correspondent will oblige me by privately informing me who were the •young ladies annoyed, as I can assure him at least forty-nine out of fifty of the ladies have :given expression to their great pleasure and enjoyment on that occasion. I am, Sir, &c.;, Secretary Seamen's Union, Port Adelaide. [We have received another letter to the same effect from a correspondent signing himself " Justice."—E THE PHONOGRAPH.—The statements circulated concerning the phonograph that it produces the very tones of the voice spoken into it are not (says Chambers's Journal) strictly true. The reproduction is in fact a ghost-like sound approaching to a croak. Certain sounds, such as s, c, th, tch, are very imperfectly uttered; vowels on the contrary come forth distinctly; for whioh reason the phonograph succeeds better with Italian than any other language. T. BOYNTOIT, D.1 