How Savages Swear Tjie following is an account of some curious forms of judioial oaths : — ' When a Gnlla of Abyssinia sits down c&S;?®1' a P covered with a hide, iin- ''vfigfouing that ho may fall into a pit if JyF'Woaks his word, or when in our police courts we make a umnamau swear by taking an earthen saucer and breaking it on the rail in front of tho witnesBbox, signifying as the interpreter then puts it in words, " If you do not toll the truth your soul will bo orackod liko this saucer " we have here two full oatliB, of whioh tho penalty, magical or religious, is shown in pantomime bo- fore us. The rude natives of New Guiuoa swear by the sun, or by a cortuin mountain, or by a woapon, :that tho sun may burn them if thoy lie. The savages of the Brazilian forests raise tho bond over the head or thrust it into their nair, or they will touoh the points ox their weapons. ' ' . As to swearing by weapons, anotlior graphic instanco of its original meaning comes fromAraoan, where tho witness, swearing to speak tho' truth, takos in his hand a musket, a sword; a Bpoar, a tiger's -tusk, a crocodile's tooth, and a thui Vorjiolt (that is, of course, a stone celt). Tlio oath by the weapon not only lasted on through classic ages, but remained so comjnon in Christendom tljat it was expressly forbidden by a synod. Even in tlio sovonteonth \ f tury to swear on a sword (like Hamlet's friend in the ghost scene) was still a legal oath at Holstein. As for holding up tho hand to invoke the personal divine sky the successor of this primitive gesture remains to this day among the chief acts in the solomn oaths of European nations. One of the accounts from New Guinea is that the swearer, holding up. an arrow, calls on heaven to punish him if he lies, but by turning the arrow the. other way tho oath can be neutralised. An Abyssinian chief, who had sworn an oath he disliked, has been seen to scrape it off his tonguo and Bpit it out. There are still places iu Germany whore tho false witness reckons to oscnpo tho spiritual consequences of porjury by crooking ono finger, to mako it I sup pose, not a straight hut a crooked oath; or he puts his left hand on his side to neutralise what the right hand is doing. Here is the idea of our " over the left;" hut so far as I know this- has como down with us to moro sohoolboy's shuf fling.' Probably to this day theromay ho soon in Russian law courts in Siboria the oath on tho hoar's head. When an Qstayak iB to bo sworn, a boar's head is Mt'ought into court and tho man makes Yelievo to bite at it, calling on tho hoar to devour him in liko manner if ho doos not tell the truth. Among the hill .tribos of India a tiger's skin is sworn on in the same sense as tho boar's head among tlio Ostaynlcs. ltivors again which to tho savage and barbarian avo intelligent and personal divinities, are sworn by, in strong lioliof that their waters will punish him who takes tlieir nmpo in vain. ' . ; 