NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. A miner named Burnett was killed at the Uncle Tom mine at Orange last Friday night by the explosion of a lamp. Mr. Neville, of Molong, lost £550 by the burning down of his hay-stack lost week. The origin of the fire is supposed to be sparks from his son's amateur forge. Wild turkevs arc now very plentiful on the Yass plains. They have been seen in large numbers together, and several sportsmen have brought home two and three at a time. Bathurst has been highly favored of late years by the thousands of pounds spent in the erection of public buildings. It is now announced that a new court-house is to be built, at a cost of £21,000. Carlotta Patti, the greatest singer, has refused £15,000 and expenses for a tour through the colonies. Ilma de Murska got £10,000, and Arabella Goddard cleared over that amount. The Clarencc Examiner states that during the year 18 sugar-mills were at work on the Clarence, exclusive of the three mills oi the Colonial Sugar Company. At these mills 15,700 tons of cane were crushed, and 010 tons of sugar manufactured. 30,700 gallons of molasses also were made. At a farmers' meeting, at Annidale, the following resolution was unanimously agreed to:—That, in the opinion of this meeting, from the information that has been laid betore it, auy farmer who sells wheat this year foi less than 8s. cash, or its equivalent, per bushel, is acting contrary to his own interests." The Herald publishes an address from Mr. Thomas Garrett to his constituents, informing them that, in compliance with the advice of his medical attendants, lie has resolved to proceed to England for a short visit. He docs not propose to resign his seat as one of the members for Camden, unless his constituents convey him their desire that he should resign. Wc understand that the Hon. Saul Samuel, C.M.G., has resigned his appointment as a member of the Paris Commission; and we arc informed that he has taken this step to mark his sense of what he regards as the vacillation of the Commission in view of the arrangements to be made for the executive representation of the colony at Paris. The following is a copy of a telegram from the Warden's Clerk, Forbes, to the Under-Secretary for Mines:—Gold reported this morning bv John Green in his two-acre lease, Caledonia Lead, Forbes, depth of sinking 145 feet, depth of wash, 2 feet; prospects, 4dwt to one dish from heap." Mr. Robert Smith, assistant postmaster at Yasf» was accidentally shot in the bip on Sunday morning while out with a fishing and shooting party. About a dozen shots entered Mr. Smith's hip, and had it not been for the fishing-bag that he had on at the time the whole charge would hive entered his leg. The bag was completely riddled. Mr. Smith is progressing favorably under Dr. Perry'6 care. A magisterial inquiry was held a few days since at Bathurst by Mr. Benjamin Lee, police magistrate, touching the death of John Barnett, the boy who was killed on the railway line. The evidence showed that a number of schoolboys congregated near the sheepyards, and insisted on. jumping upon the trucks, notwithstanding the orders of the porters to desist; though one witness (a boy named Morris) swore that two porters asked him to push trucks along. Deceased was among the trucks with other boys, was knocked down by a buffer from behind, and never spoke afterwards. The magistrate found that the deceased was accidentally knocked down and killed. A Wagga journal says :—We have been informed that a number of residents in town, who aie " well up" in matters appertaining to mining, are about to organise a company for the purpose of prospecting the country in the neighborhood of Kvamba Creek, between Wagga Wagga and the main southern road. It has been said that the precious metal has been found near Mr. P. Roger's on the road to Tarcutta; aud that a very good sample of stream tin has been procured within 14 miles of Wagga Wagga. It has also been stated that this valuable mineral exists in sufficient quantity to warrant the attention of capitalists. Surely there is to be found in our town enterprise enough to attempt the opening up of a mining industry in this district, which, in the opinion of many experienced miners, abounds in mineral wealth. The subject of insufficient accommodation for the insane at the Gladesville Asylum has a^ain been brought under the notice of the Government by Dr. Manning, who has reported that the accommodation has become so inadequate to meet the demands attendant upon an increase of patients that the erection of additional buildings is urgently needed. In 1676 the number of insane persons in the various asylums was as follows :— Males, 1075 ; females, C65 : total, 1740. In 1877 the numbers were : Males, 1151 ; females, 678 : total, 1829 ; showing an increase of 89. This large increase is not to be looked upon as exceptional, since the average rate of increase duriii" the last five years has been 78 per annum. This increase is looked upon as the result of increased population, and is not much beyond the proportion that might be expected. The Ncweastk Morning Herald, reports that during the storm on Sunday week the house of Mr. W. Miller, of the Glebe, near Newcastle, was visited by the lightning in a somewhat unpleasant manner. It went down the chimney, played round the dining room, tearing a portion of the roof, and then passed into a bedroom adjoining, struck a children's bed, passed up one of the posts' and went through the knob on top, and thence out through the roof. We were shown the effects of the lightning on the knob, which had the appearance of a ball having been 6ent through it, and the solder was thoroughly melted. The house was filled with sulphurous fumes, and the occupants at once left it, having experienced a most providential escape, The following paragraph appears in the Australian, Practitioner:—Though the question has not been mooted, we trust also ere long to hear of the organisation of a thoroughly appointed dental department in connection with the Sydney Infirmary. Doubtless, in great measure from the deficiency of calcareous constituents in the Botany water, in few cities in the world do people otherwise healthy lose their teeth at so early an age as in Sydney; and in few are the resources of the dental art so little available. Though the majority of colonial dentists are so imperfectly acquainted with their art. and many absolutely ignorant of its most useful branch, viz., conservative dentistry, nearly all realise large incomes through the preparation of artificial teeth, which the introduction of pla9tic vulcanite has made so simple and inexpensive. The Nundlc correspondent of the Tamworth News, writing on Monday last, says :—" I have just received information from Mr. M'Canna, road contractor, that the party working on the Wallabadah Road, about four miles out of Nundle, experienced a singular phenomenon in the shape of a whirlwind, about ten days ago. The party were sitting round the fire at dinner, when they were made aware of the approach of the whirlwind. One of them ran aud buried his head in a bush. The wind took up the fire where they were sitting, scattering it in all directions, carrying stones as large as a pint pot away, and setting fire to a log at least 300 yards distant. The bush one of the party had retired to was set on fire, and burnt the Bhirt of the man who had there taken refuge. Mr. M'Cauna's eon had the back of his waistcoat completely destroyed by the fire, and other damage was done to the camp." We (News) understand that Mr. W. II. Lock arrived here from Melbourne within the past few weeks for the purpose of taking to England, with the permission of the Government, Win. Creswick, in the Parramatta Luuatic Asylum, who is supposed to be the veritable Arthur Orton. With a view of carrying out this object, Mr. Lock is possessed of a power of attorney from Chester Orton, the brother of the luuatic Arthur, otherwise Creswick, of whom he caused portraits to bo taken some months ago, and forwarded to England. This resulted in placing at his disposal the sworn testimony of 40 or 50 persons verifying him as the Orton whose name obtained so much notoriety in connection with the celebrated Tichborne case. It appears that Mrs. Jury, who was here, and visited the lunatic in the company of Mr. Lock, identified Orton as being the person wanted. Mr. Lock is at present staying at Eckford's Hotel. The Newcastle Pilot reports that on Saturday week a match which had provoked no little previous local interest took place between M'Auliffe and Fyffe, on the Hamilton road, the distance being 150 yards, aud the stakes £200. The time for starting had been set down for 4.30, but it was about 6 o'clock before the men got away, aud by that time a large concourse of spectators—probably about 3000—had gathered. Although Fyffe was generally held the favorite, in coming to the scratch his appearance contrasted unfavorably with that of M'Auliffe, for he looked very pale, and showed signs of nervousness. A fair start was effected, but M'Auliffe took the lead from the first, and won easily by three or four vards. Time, 16£ seconds. Some money changed hands as a matter of course, but there was less betting on the event than might have been expected, taking the considerable number of spectators into account. M'Auliffe had been trained by Dave Dunlop, and Fyffe by Jonathan Henderson. The Echo has the following :—Hamlet speaks of tracing the dust of Alexander until you find it stopping a beer barrel. A King-street tobacconist has traced the lineaments of that far-famed Australian statesman, Sir Henry Parkes, until thev form a capital pipe. Alas ! that that profound look of wisdom which awed the Assembly, that leonine appearance which caricatures so well, aud that seductive smile which beguiles the selectors of Canterbury, end at last in meerschaum! People can now smoke birdseye out of the hon. gentle- man's hat, they can light a fire of negrohead in his flowing locks, they can put the statesman's "hat and coat and hymnbook too," in their coat- pockets, and never a word of complaint will he utter. Only recently Sir Henry resignedly said that his public life was over ; his public immor- tality has begun, and burnt sacrifices may be offered up to his maucs. In short, Mr. Rose some time ago obtained a good photograph (there is not a bad one) of the hon. gentleman and sent it to Vienna, where some excellent meerschaum wines have been made ; some with the head, and the nllinrc with n full 1 n. TTX'. l u e — me v-Aucuuon 01 a marble bust for the Legislative Assembly, one of these pipes with the stem knocked off would be a useful locum temens. The Evening News has the following with reference to some remarks made by Judge Man- ning apropos of land agents in Parliament :—Mr Cunneen formerly member for the Wollombi was a well-known land agent. A freesefir whose select ons were forfeited, was induced to put his case into this gentleman's hands heari, " that no one had more influence with the M S for Lands than he In a publichousc an ™ i ment was made that Mr. Cunneen shouu S v e £200 for get ing these forfeited selections S again, and as he accomplished his undertakinS claimed payment hi full. His rnJI proved, LI his Honor niadiTomevery sSnl comments on the practice of members of pa ff ment being land agents. When the law LfefuUv excludes any gentleman having the snTalW ^ tract from the Government froL a ^ T t fmr y strous that men whose whole business consiste d transacting business with the Land OffiTshou d be aUowetf to enter the Assembly aud u e S C The ™ °fT ? , Private bueinS VTnuen case P of lawyers 1 0 a d has n c e been t h e i r Louse as n thouoh £ nnnln™„o ^ H,.-. ^nt mentioned Oiled , , ill in the 0 8 6 , 1 1 , 1 House as though analogous to that of land aL £ but it is not really so. Lawyers, it is trUefCy receive business or promotion from the Government oi the day, but they are eo fenoedin by the rules and customs of a profession whose heads are quite independent of political changes, that little jobbery can possibly result. On the other band, there is 110 doubt that there has been wholesale corruption iu the Lands Department through this very cause. The Moama correspondent of the fit'wrtuc Herald sends the following particulars of a ghostly sensation near the border town :—" About ten miles from Moama, 011 the east side of the line, stands a dummy house. This house has occupied by a patty of dam-sinkers and bail ringers. I'hese men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knockings on the iron roof, and that upon getting up they saw the figure of a woman, when one among their number put the question,' What do you want, Missus to which the figure replied that she bad been murdered near the spot, and that the bones of herself and infaut would be found towards the end of the hut, where they were placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, the bushranger. One of the party, who possessed a whip, made a strike at the figure, which did not move. The following its appearance, persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and nothing can induce them to think otherwise. Last nigut a detachment of the Moama police, under the command of Sergeant Vaugban, went out to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt if any person had been ' playing larks' he would have received a little cold lead. Upon the return of one of the police I ascertained tuat while in the bouse a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the house but could see nothing. The noise was repeated several times, and inauy of the party, amongst whom were men supposed to be possessed of courage, seemed very glad on the approach of grey dawn. The mystery, however, remains the same, and another party is to be organised, who, together with the police, intend to go out again to try and clear up the mystery. The men who were living in the hut have left it to the ghost and goue and camped near a dam. It seems remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed, and positively aver that there is some- thing in it." On Sunday last, one of the most terrific storms ever witnessed in these parts (says the DuJbbo Dispatch) passed over this district. The storm, which was accompanied by heavy rain, thunder and lightning, commenced at 11 o'clock, and raged furiously for about an hour. The water came down in torrents, the thunder crashed loudly, and the leaden-hued sky was now and then illuminated by streaks of forked lightning. Accompanying all was a west wind, which blew a perfect hurricane. In twenty minutes after the commencement of the storm the streets were covered with'sheets of water. Every drain aud channel overflowed, and nearly two inches of rain must have fallen in the short time. When the downpour ceased, and the wind subsided, evidences of the severity of the storm were visible on every side. Wright, Heaton and Co.'s wool stores, in Macquarie-street, were unroofed and otherwise damaged. Some of the galvanised iron roofing was carried fully 250 yards away. The south- eastern portion of the balcony of the Overland Hotel was damaged—the iron railings surrounding it being wrenched from their rests and broken in pieces. A tree was struck by bghtning about 200 yards at the rear of the Catholic Church. Several buildings in various parts of the town were more or less injured. Outside the town, too, the storm left its mark. It uprooted large trees in Mr. Holmes's upper paddock—took them out of the ground as cleanly as if the grubber had been at work. Some small darns on the creeks running through several selections were washed awav by the torrents of water that poured down. At Mr. Samuel's Macquarie View Estate, strong fences were blown down as if they were brown paper, and the sheets ot galvanised iron on barns and sheds flew about like shuttlecocks. At Dundulliuiall (Mr. Baird's) b e edfetVT W m b c ( 1 ' a n d' i n f a c t > ^ would 