fjjpsM)^. '!' THE' ANSWER. Abd what if t should be klndt And what if you should be truer The old love oould never go on Jult as ft need to do. The wan, whits hands of tha waves, That smote us swift apart, Will never enclasp again, ?And draw-ua heart to heart, Tha oold, far feet of the tides, That trod between us two, Can never retrace their ateps, .And fall where they used to do. Oh, wall the ships must remember, Tnat go down to the awful sea, , Ho keel that ehisela tbe current, . Can Dut where it used to be. Not a throb of the gloom or glory . That stirs in the sun u the rain, Will »ror be that gloom er glory .7 That dacxlid or darkened—again. Not a wave that atretoheg ita arms,. Andjesma to the breast of the shors, ? l*^sW«il»-w«v»Jtli»t«tme trusting, ' And yearnldg/and loving,- tefow*--. The hope that is high as the heavens, . . -..The 'jiy that ia keen as pain, The faith that is free «s the morning, Can die^- but oan live not again. .' And though I should stsp beside you, And hand should lean unto band. We should walk mutely— stifled— Ghosts in. a breathless land, For I am as dead as you are, And you are as dead as I ; He who burns souls down to ashss, He only can answer why. And what if I should be kind t And though you should be true t The old love oould never, never Love on as it used to do. The Obut Wall or Cdota.— The great wall of China waa measured in many places by Mr. Unthank, an American engineer, lately engaged in a survey for a Chinese rail way. His measurement gives the height at eighteen feet and a width on the top of fifteen feet. Every few hundred yards there la a tower twenty-four feet square and from twenty to twenty-five feet high. The founda tion of the wall is of solid granite. Mr. Unthank brought with htm a brick from the wall, whioh Is supposed to have been made 200 years before tbe time of Christ. In building, this immense stone fence to keep out the Tartars, the builder never at tempted to avoid mountains or ohaima to aave expanse. For 13(10 miles the wall goes over plain and mountain, and every foot of the foundation is of solid granite, and the rest of . the structure solid masonry. In eome places the wall is built smooth up against the bank, or bayons, or precipices, where there Is a sheer descent of 1000 feet. Small streams an arched over, but on tbe larger streams, the wall runs to the water's edce and a tower ia bunt on each aide. On the top of the wall there are breastworks, or defenoes, facing in and out, ao the defending forces oan piss from one tower to another without being exposed to an enemy from either aide. To ealculate the time of building ortheooat of this wall Is beyond human skill. Bo far as the magnitude of the work ii concerned, it surpasses everything In ancient or modem times of which there is any trace. The pyramids of Egypt are nothing compared to It. JiTlNEss SrccEnrs. — The intellectual abilities of the Japauese raoe have been evidenced In a striking manner by a quar tette ot students from that country now studying in Berlin. One ol these, Dr Dirokitao, has lately invented an ingenious, optical instrument, termed the leucosoope, which measures the variations in the per qeption of light and colour by the bunum eye, in aooordanee with the strictest mathe matical laws. Another, who has attained the rank of lieutenant in the Prussian army, has introduoed a remarkable simplification into the meohanlsm of the Mauser rifle, whioh has succeeded the historic needle-sun. Xiro more*, who are prosecuting their, ohemioal studies under Professor Bofmann have published, for two years past, several interesting syuthetloal researches on the aromatic series. — Nature. FoHdETrtJLNBSs. — A great deal of harm is done through forgetfulness. A little thought fulness and ears with leaped to others would often save them from a great deal ot Buffering, and aid them In their work. A man is discouraged in consequence of the difficulties he meets with. An encouraging word may be all that is neoessarv to revive his energies, and to cause him to persevere. That word ia easily spoken. There are those who are perfectly willing to speak It, but they do not think of it. As long as men .prefer a small foot in a woman to a kind heart, and an hour-glass waist to a tender soul,wom'en will continue to torture their feet, and squeese their ribs out sf plaoe, and their heart* and souls will remain what they too of tea are — shallow and withered; and dried up, or filled with stagnant and bitter water*. ' Value or AarDsiUEiri.— The wbrld mus be amused It is entirely false rsuonlng to suppose that any human being can devote himself exclusively to labour' ot asy descrip tion. It will not do. .He most be amused. Best will not gin him' adequate relief. He must enjoy himself. He' must laugh, sing', danoe, eat, drink aud be merry. He must chat with his friends, exercise his mind ia expltlng gentle emotions, and his .body in agreeible demonstrations of aotlvity. The constitution of the human system demands -this. It exacts variety of influences and motion.' It will not remain In bealthif it cannet obtain that variety;' Too much merriment afreets it as muoheatoo Urtje; too much relaxation is ai injurious af Bone' at ell Vbiit, to the industrious toiler, the sunshine of the heart Mfst M.U^|peosaJ-le-M;th» malerlaf sun ahi3e as tolhe floirar— KtuTsoon -la«~«waf Ht&pmi;&yitjitiittlitrtrri; r.i,;_'. ;?,;; , ' ' 