THE PUBLIC LIBRARY! It is strange that the ordinary reports issued by the various Government Departments aro not, for purposes of useful reference, readily available at this place. The object of their preparation in the first instance, one would imagine, should be the circulation of ? knowledge respecting the colony, but this view of the matter would appear to be altogether a mistake. When wo cannot with reasonable facility have an opportunity of examining our our social condition, it would be hardly consistent to expect that the proceedings of our neighbours should be placed at the dis posal of people of an inquisitive turn of mind. After these publications are officially embalmed in calf there may be a chance of inspecting them. Tho Librarian, Mr. Walker, is, we believe, a most efficient officer, but apart from the miserable accommodation of the building, he labours. under an avoidable disadvantage, namely, the absenco of suitable assistance. A Government which is supposed to keep its eye on tho public might give a little consideration to a mutter which wou|d certainly not tend to make it unpopular. St. Anne's, Liverpool Road. — His Grace the Archbishop of Sydney, in accordance with a notice in our last issue, administered the Sacra ment of Confirmation in St. Anne's Church, Liverpool Road, on .Sunday, the Feast of the Nativity of Our Blessed Lady. There were about thirty confirmed ; among them were some rather advanced in years. Previous to confirm ing the candidates, his Grace delivered one of his familiar discourses, so suitable to the capacities oi: those whom he addressed. During the actual administration of the Sacrament, the choir, con sisting of the children from Rosebank Convent School, sang the hymn, ' Come Holy Ghost. Creator, Come.' The words aro known to all Catholics, but perhaps many have not heard them more exquisitely sung. The Archbishop then spoke to the children of the graces they had received in jjthe Sacrament of Confirmation, and oi' the obligations they had contracted as soldiers of Jesus Christ, of ever being found fighting on the sido of right. His Ci-race was attended by the Very Rev. W. A. Gullet, Rector of' St. John's College ; Father Paul Fitzpatrick, of Newtown, celebrated tho Missa Cantata-. At the close of the Mass, the Rev. M. J. Dwyer, who nils cnarge oi ino iiisuiiui., mauo ;i uiuuu:itu statement in connection with the church, after which a collection took place towards clearing off the debt. We hope when we next visit St. Anne's, that the generosity of the congregation will have relieved the walls of their present bare appearance. The Sanctuary was, however, very beautifully decorated with festoons of ever greens, wreaths, and bouquets of lovely flowers, which the children had brought from far and wide for the purpose. 