A JAPANESE GHOST STORY. I IN Japan, aa iu all oilier countries, imagination claims to bavo its wants. supphod by. tho wondorful and incomprehensible, and therefore in the face of such ncod wohdors will never cease out of the world. Tho student of nature's mysteriös, and the village gossip, who tells of ghosts, and doubles, and wraiths, are both in their different ways satisfying their craving for the wonderful. Even tho wildost. tales hare a certain valuo, for scattered ns they are through every land, they often serve to perpetuate tho rocord of old customs and to mark the Btopa of social history. Ghost stories then tho Japan* ese have, as blood curdling, bair oreotlng, flesh crouping, as tho most ardent lover of the mar« vcllous could desire, and nt thin holiday season, when tho pitiless rain and sleet koop tho morry* mullera indoors and thc shutters aro closed In, and the sako cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, ii tho timo to toll them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How impressively tho narrator half tolls, half acts tho thrilling talo, whilo tho girls clasp and hide behind each othor in an ocstnsy ol terrified onjoj mont I Ono of thc most original of thoso talcs tho writer of this paragraph recently heard, and as it differs from thc common run of ghost stories it is hero ? given, though wo wish wo could convey an idea of the art with which it was told. In former timos-indeed some Japaneso say that it is not vory long since that tho dreadful1 practice was abandoned-it was tho custom,1 when any now palace castlo, or fort was in 1 course of ereotion, to bury ono or moro living; men beneath the foundation,' generally at the foot of the principal supporting pillars. Those who wero committed to this frightful gravo wera called hito- basJiira, or human pillars, and their immolation was supposed to conduco to the strength and solidity of tho building. Tho sacrifico was sometimes made voluntarily, tho j victim being induced to give his consent by the promiso of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshipped under the name of Inerisama, or soma other deity. More frequently, however, the premature burial was a forcible ono. For , instance, if no voluntary victim was forthcome j ing, advantage was taken of any such accident os one of the workmen falling into the excava hon or tho foundation!, when, instead or - any j helping hand being extended to him, he wis ruthlessly buried by bis fellow-workmen, or crushed beneath one of. the mighty supports. At othor times, tho victim was built up.in the massive wulla, either as n hito-bashira, or as a punishment for some offence. That legends of spirits haunting the scencB where the cruel murders of their bodies had boen perpetrated should be numerous ÍB natural ; and the following incident was told as having occurred at the residence of ono of the princes of Kaga, Tbero, it appeared, that some poor wretch bad been immured at the building of the palace, a fact of which the inmates of one of the rooms wore suddenly modo aware by the human leg pro- truding from.the wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike manner. The con- sternation which this ghostly leg caused though out the castle can be imagined. Boroo of tho retainers, moro daring than the rest, had tho courage to attempt to clasp it, but its power was so great, and the kicks it administored woro so tremendous, that no one had the temerity to repeat his efforts. At last, one of those present, struck probably by the unwashed appearance of tho log, suggested that it might be soothed by the administering of a bath. The hint was acted on, and tho log with a satisfied flourish put its foot in tho cold water,, only, however, quickly to withdraw it and kick over the tub. The ingenious retainer who had suggested the bath proposed that warm water should be subs- tituted, and this proved to be so grateful to the tireless limb that it allowed its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the male retainers, however, endeavouring to wash tho leg, it administered to bim so sound a kick that he was very fain to desist from any further attempts at conciliation. At lost a buxom maid servant, suddenly struck with tho truly fominino idea thal, while it rebelled against being at- tended to by a male hand, it might become moro gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to attend to its ablutions, and sure enough the leg, with evident gratitude, accepted the welcome ministration ; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried, it waved a graceful farewell to tho assembled company, and retired for tho night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening thoro after at thc Borne time tho unwolcomo visitor came for its bath, which was always carefully prepared for it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for tho good-natured maid-serf ont, who was told off specially as its attendant, by kicking over most unmercifully any ono else who at tomptod to touch it.-Japan Mail. 