THE i? H A N T O IJil jliM I N E Ri ("A xton/ of the old (fold diginr/ days.) " Thli, you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a halo old » gentleman of 70 ycai's. " Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened on Tallmans Gully, in 1859." ( We were all attention, and listened to the very remark- - able narrative he related in the following manner : ' " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I aud , four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the river — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for ' we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to ) keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's work, you may be sure we were thed enough ; but we were I every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink , of .a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This coufounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did not cease until the break of day. One night we were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim which bad been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger ; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror,— -for the wearer of the digger's clothes was no liviny hmh, hut a xheleton " Uncle Ned 1 !' we a,lkcried, " how fearful." " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, wijo enquired for a digger of svhom we knew nothing about. He told us that in '51 be' and a mate of bis deserted from one of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans gold fields. / They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. Before he went, he said to bis mate, . ' Bob,' whatever you do, iievor stop working the claim for a day until I come b.aok,' Bob promised, and .they parted. . 'I went down to Melbourne, said the e.x- digger, 'and there was arrested as a deserter", and sent on board; arid now that I have obtained my discharge, I have -hastened up here to find my old 'chum.' 'You will see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the .phantom's pick was heard, arid. we all turired, out. 'Ahl' cried dh'c., sailor, ' there's, dear old. Bob.;-, Bob, here I am back. ;; Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which turned its hideous'fa'ce on him; With a loud shriek the seeker ieli senseless on the grourrd.,, The ghost .threw down its irick, and vanished. In the morning we discovered the poor-'sailof a faying Irihatm fj Oh/Aricle Ned, what a fearful story.'' '' Well,' yoiv'ked' me'/fo; you avstfry, and I have done so.""-;:!' 'j'-bl.' i — - i/:. 'v ' r.j./ k -.' , ''Then;itis nolStruA?" ' j Ar : '' Well, -s'aid our uncleriaughing, " it is as true|a3 many of the'. absurd- yarns thatgot about during; the. 'raging of the golc\"fever?i";AH, .'those were stranger days, when men would undergo any amount ofiprivation. for a few ounces of gold. How different it(is:no\v; . for- should a man bo jJUbLiC«u. XOI cl in. I R - fiT i.sTTifl. I f . n.nirinnij dli 'LUdri/ - JiV. liu is to have an- .interview with i-v r ' .' . ; DAYID; HENRY,.df i52: Collins street east, .f'S I A AAA r»r»Fr»o rv-F l-iei-nrl Vkille of sale (with or-'-withoiit security), salary orders, life policies, certificates; kleeds, bill of; lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, ort expected-,remittanceSj:or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted dailyAt the lowest rate of interest, and niorl gages from C per cent. 