griaillurf. DAIRYING FALLACIES. : AIR IX CREAM. > For some time it was thought (and churns to oarry out the prinoiple were introduced) that the passage of air into the cream dar ing the process of churning promoted the separation of the butter. This idea is now exploded, and tbe churns are found only in garrets. I allude to it merely to show, in the light of what will be hereafter stated, how far away from any true conception of the facts the miuds of mauy must have be6u when such a theory could have had ourreuoy. witches in the cream. Not unfrequently the correspondence columns of weekly journals contain queries, headed, " Why Don't the Butter Come?" or something equivalent, iu which the writer details the painful efforts of hours, and even days, over a refractory obmnful of cream. Most inexperienced persons meet with tbis trouble ; aud(-not a few, aiso, who have made a good deal of butter, and made it well, when all natural conditions were favourable. The idea expressed by some that the cream waa "bewitched," is the last resort, the world over, for the explana tion of the uncomprehended natural pheno mena. It is only in the clear white light of science (knowledge) that the witoh beoome'i totally invisible. She aid the ghost Ar'o' always best seen in tho davk. temperature in setting. As lately as soven or eight years ago it was the universal teaching that the proper temperature for settiug milk was in the vioiuity of OOdeg. The best authorities agreed that, at a higher temperature, the milk would become sour before all the oream would come to the surface, while at a lower temperature it would never rise at all. When the Swedish method of setting in ioo- water was first reported, it could hardly obtain serious notice, so contrary was it to received notions. Now, it has been abundantly demonstrated that cream swims to the surface soonest in milk cooled nearly to its point of greatest density, or about iOdeg. This is, in itself, a great advance — probably the greatest single step that has been made in butter-dairying. Yet it was not made by a professor, but was blun dered upon in practice. the "-current" theory. Some minds have a great fondness for mystifying plain matters. If one should see a quantity of apples going over a water fall, it wonld never oocnr to him that, when these apples reached the still water below, it would be necessary to " create currents" in the pool before the fruit would float to the surface. The fact that apples are lighter than water would be considered a sufficient reason why they should float npon it ; and as. it is a, rule alike of philosophy and oommon sense that when we have a perfectly satis factory reason for any occurrence, it is folly to seek for any other, we Bhould never think of a " current" theory. Having ocular evi- deno9 that a cunent submerged the apples, and that they oame to the surface where the current abated, we should be satisfied. Now, the butter globule, though it is too small to be seen by the naked eye, is to the milk in which it Bwims what the apples in the case supposed were to the water. If we keep the milk in a state of agitation they do not rise ; if the milk is at rest, aud just in proportion as that rest is perfect, they swim to the top. The most rapid separation of cream takes place in that apparatus where the milk is quickest reduced to ithe proper temperature and most rigidly held there. Whenever you hear one of these "current" theorists hold ing forth, you will always find that he has a "new patent-setting-can"' in the ante room, which he would like to show you. Bemember the air-churns, and eschew him. the animal odour. That the best butter is now made from cream raised in closed, and even in sub merged cans, is what the boys call "a sticker" to those gentlemen who have long and learnedly held forth upon the per nicious " animal odour" in milk, which re quired the most careful ventilation to be rid of, and which absolutely ruined the flavour and keeping quality of the butter wheu retained. "Various ingenious ways of getting around the stubborn fact are resorted to. It is hard indeed, after having explained how this " odour" originates, what its chemical formula probably is, and how it looks or would look when isolated, to find it dis appear, all at once, like a will-o'-the- wisp. No doubt there are "stinks" in milk, but no doubt, also, they are got there from filthy bags aud teats, filthy hands, foul air, and the like. Pure healthy milk has nothing in it that needs to be removed by ventilation. Yentilate your cow stables, keep your cows clean, give them good food and pure water, keep yourself and your sur roundings cleau while handling the produot, from the udder to the butter-tub, aud yon will never be troubled with the " animal odour." Another ghost has been laid, another " witch" has disappeared. washing butter. Abundant experiment has shown that the natural flavour of butter cannot be removed by washing it with pure water. Careful manipulation, with ithe cream and every thing else just right, will make good butter without washing. But the extra trouble is wasted. the " grain" op butter. When the butter has "come," and ap pears in little irregular masses, from a pin's head to a large pea in size, is the time to draw off the buttermilk and wash the butter in the churn. This removes most of the buttermilk. After being then gathered and removed from ,the churn, worked, washed and salted on the butter- worker at the proper temperature, we find, upon breaking it, that it has a granular look. The mass seems to be made of little particles' with a slightly glistening appearance. This is called the "grain." These small particles are par tially kept apart by films of water (after salting, this water becomes brine), and the peculiar texture thus imparted to the butter is a test of proper manufacture. Over-ohurn or over-work it, churn or work it at the wrong temperature, and the grain is gone, never to be restored; aud with it is gone a large per cehtage of the, selling value of the batter. Enough water (brine) must be re tained to produce this appearance, which distinguishes "butter" from "grease." Consequently the most perfeet grain is ob tained by washing in the churn before the butter is " gathered." the butter globule. To those who know nothing of the micros cope and its revelations, a world remains hidden of which they can have little com prehension. . To the naked eye milk appears a smooth, nniform fluid. To tbe eye, aided by the combination of magnifying glasses, called a "microscope" (seer of little tbings), it is a translucent fluid, iu which floats a multitude of shining globes, and these globes are butter in its primitive state. We do not make butter when we churn,, although we say so. When the process of churning has been continued until we can see little particles of butter in the cream, we say " the butter has come," aud the next proceeding (after washing) is to " gather it." Bat, in reality, churning is a single process. There is no difference between the "coming" and the " gathering," except that the .latter is visible, while the former is invisible, to the unaided sight. All that we do when we agitate cream in a churn is to throw the batter globules strongly against each other. If the cream is too cold, we may do this for ever, and produce no butter, for the same reason that we oannot work butter into rolls or prints, wheu it is too cold. The globules are too hard to stick together. They merely rattle against one another in the churn like peas in a bag. If the cream is too warm, we can ohurn them together and then churn them apart again, because they are in too fluid a state to hold together against the action of the churn. ; So no butter comes iu either case— there are " witohes in the cream." The true exorcist, in such trouble, is a thermometer. 