THE MERCURY. WKDNESDA Y MORNING, JANUARYS, 1S7S. Our readers are aware that during tho past year all the prisoners, lunatics, and paupers have been removed from the establishments at Port Arthur to the Government establishments in Hobart Town, and as the Government had no present further use for the numerous buildings at Port Arthur, Safety Cove, Impression Bay, the Cascades, Saltwater River, or elsewhere on Tas man's Peninsula, it has been decided to throw the whole of Peninsula open to tho public for settle- ment. About six woeks since the Lands and Works Department issued a notice to the effect that soveral lots of Crown Lands in the Town of "Car* narvon," Port Arthur, and in otljer parts of gas- man's Peninsula would be offered for solo by public auction on Friday, the 28th December, subject to the provisions of tlio Act to make provision for tho Alienation of tho lands of tho Crown at Tasman's Peninsula, 38 Viet., No. l8, and the Wasto Lands Act, 34 Viet., No. 10. It was also intimated that lithographic plans would be ready for issue on and after the 1st December. The usual notices also appeared intimating that credit could be claimed for any lot of not less value than £15, and that the terms or credit would be the same for town as for country lands, viz., one-eighth to be paid at the time of sale, and the remainder in thirteen annual instalment«. So far good, and in accordance with the law of tho land ; but the following additional notice appeared, viz., that upon those lots upon which buildings have been erected the deposit to be paid at the time of sale must be one-fourth. This notice, however, was followed by the usual examplo showing how the payment« were to bo made, in which no reference or mention of any payment out of the usual way waa | included. ' ! The sale esme off on Friday last, and we are informed that when the proceedings were about half over the auctioneer notified that none of the lots that were passed in could be bought privately öfter the sale was over. Of course we are not aware - under what authority the auctioneer ventured to make such an announcement. At all events, we venture to tell those who desire to purchase any of the lots put up for sale at such auction, that within 21 days from such auction sale the Commissioner of Crown Lands is bound by the 38th section of the Waste Lands Act to cause a list of all such lands as were put np for sale at such auction, and not Bold, to be published in the Gazette, and also to prefix a notice inti- mating that any person may purchase, any of the said lots by private contract at tho upset prices at which they were offered by public auction last Friday ; and in accordance with the provisions of the 40th and 41st sections of the Waste Lands Act, 34 Viet, No, 10, any person who purchased any one of the lots of land at the sale of waste lands on Friday lost, as also any person who may privately purchase any of the lots of land offered at the said sale, is entitled to the full benefit of the credit authorised by the said Act, anything to the contrary notified by the Commissioner of Crown Lands notwithstand- ing. Wj(ilo writing on thjs subject we o.mnot help expressing pur surprise that the Members of the present Government should attornpt to set the law of the Cquntry aside in the manner proposed by the L,ands and, Works Department. Wo surely had onough of that sqrt of thing during the late Administration, and having pointed out the attempts 'now being mode by the Lands and Works Department to overide the provisions of the Waste Landa Act we hope wo shall not be required again to pal) aj^ntjon to the subject. It would, perhaps, promote the object which Parliament had in view in authorising the sale of the lands on Tasman's Peninsula, if the Government would cause the plans of thp (qB/n^ip of Carnarvon to be exhibited outside the Post-otiice and '¿tele- graph offices in Hobart Town, and in the Public Library and some dozen other pubho places in the city during the ensuing month, for by that means any person desirous of securing an allot- ment on tjjg Peninsula would be »ble to see what was in the market fqr gale. At all events, we give the Minister of Iranda, the bepefjt of our suggestion, and if he withes to sell tho Lands we would recommend him to try it. But at same time we feel compelled to say that, in the pre- sent uncertain conditibn of our penal system, a grave pryor )|as bspn cqmmittgd in the attempt to divest Government fif fhe Pprt Arthur buildings, ^^^^^^^^^^^^ The City Council, as a rule, do their work with so little talking i that their good natured con- stituents rarely tpoubje t)|pmsfl)ves niuoli about the reasons which actuato the Oounoil. Tfio absence of discussion lpavps little opportunity for judging as to the reason of this or that. The regult only is known, and, deprived of any means of sgcpri}aining tho jnfJuo))cea tljaf guido tim Council,i ts dooision is generally accepted as correct. We all know that there is much to be said on both sidos of any question, and not knowing the pros and cans, the conclusion is accepted with- out Question, proving the soundness of the father's qdvjce to }|is son on his appointment to a judgeship : in giving his judginpnt noyer to give a reason, for ten to one the decision may be right while the reasons are wrong. So probably it was at the meeting of the City Council on Monday. Either tho season made them more loquacious and loss discreet, or- a tpo faithful repoiter took the trouble to be a little ii)oro c()inn')ui)ioatiy¡í thr¡n his biet]|ren generally are in the prosaio atmosphere of the Town Hall. Whatever the cause, the expiring effort with which the City Council wound up tlio year J877 was not » happy one, The chronic disease of the Council is thai it dpala charily wi{!( questions before it ; it never grapples with a difficulty if it can give the matter tim gq by ; it gives as littlo cause of afjbnce as possiblo ; in fact the next municipal election seems always, to deter the members from a firm disoliargo of duty, and acts on them the part of Banquo's ghost, making thom " quite unmann'd in folly. " There was at the meeting of the Council on Monday tho usual procrastinating modo of dealing with sub- jects, touphing gingerly on what was disagreeable, and plaoing gro'at faith in the policy of putting off to a more convanipnfc fjpatj)n, But }n qnp or two respects the Aldermen give reasons for what they did, and such reasons as will not bear scrutiny, An unfortunate citizen who apparently had prooeoded on tho false assumption that the Council, as a body, would be actuated by the good bouso and fair play which would guide tho conduct of each member as a private gentleman, appealed to the City Council to deal with him as they had dealt with others under similar circumstances. He had proceeded so far in the erection of a wooden building fronting a leading street, when he was required to stay proceedings, the City Surveyor having informed him that the ereotion of such a building was in violation of a statute and relative civic by-laws. As a loyal aud good citizen he respected the office and order of the city officer. At considerable loss of money and time he desisted from tho_ construction of the building, and brought tho matter under the notice of the City Council from whom he sought the permission which their officer had refused. One would have thought such conduct should have secured Mr, Mii.lhouse the kindly, if not favourable, consideration of the City Council. But no. He has received the lesson that respect to constituted authorities is not a oivic virtue. Had he taken the bull by the horns ; had he gone on disregarding the threats and menaces of the City Surveyor, just as the City Surveyor, if we are not misinformed, disregarded, and most culpably, Mr. Millhouhe's application for permission to erect the building, tho City Council would have respected his defiant attitude ; thoy would, if we may judgo by what was said on Monday, have held that Mr. Mulhouse was not a person to be trifled with, and in all probability would 1iavo granted him that concession which the City Surveyor would neither refuse nor grant till his procrastination and failure in duty had placed Mr. Millhousk at his liioicy. But-and we quote from the report of the City Council because Mr. Milliiouse, after receiving notice requiring him to remove his house. " had desisted from proceeding with the erection of the building, tho committpo considore'd'that it might reasonably be inferred that the judgment of tho City Surveyor in this matter was correct. Had it been otherwise, the committeo thought that Mr. Millhousk would have proceeded with the erection of the building, and loft the question to be decided in a legitima) o manner by two Jus- tices, as provided by law ¡" by which moana the committee, and tho Council in adopting its report, most Bagely concluded Mr. Millhousk would have hod an opportunity of proving that the Survoyor was wrong. Did it ever occur to the committeo, or Council, that it was their duty to decide, npt on what thoy iinaginpd Mr. Mulhouse inforred, but an what justice re- quired? Not on his ideas of his rights and obligations, but on tho facts and law of tho case. Did it ocour to thom that they were bound to act from their own conviotions, not from the assumed inferences of a peaceable and ordor loving Citizen, who, intead of flying in their face, had respected a very arbitrary order, and one that he might have excusably defied, considering that when he officially announced his intention to erect such a building, the City Surveyor had raised no warning voico. The only reading of the action of the City Council is this. Had Mr. Millhouhr disputed their authority, they would have treated him with deference, but as he had, in a law-abiding spirit, givon obedience to an order of an officer of the Council, he was to he hold as having ad- mitted that the order was correct. The moral is that to a defiant citizen the .Council will knofik under ; a peaceable and orderly citizen they will trample on. We care not to go into the question, what is the strict letter of the law, though in respect to that we do not accept the dictum of the City Surveyor, and are not to bo misled by any inference the Council drew from an inference they put into Mr. Millhouse's mouth. That roundabout way of coming to a conclusion is a now application of the laws of logic that had better not be pursued. But we do say that Mr. Millhouse's application was entitled to favourablo consideration if it be the fact, as we are informed, that he made a formal application to tho City Surveyor for leave to erect tho building : that he a second time brought the matter under that officer's notice ; and that it was not till a considerable period had elapsed without any answer that he inferred that silence gave con- sent, and proceeded with the erection of the building. There is more weight to be placed in this inferenoe than in that which the committee assumed led Mr. Miw'ouse not to set the City Surveyor at defiance, From the censure of our remarks we at once acquit Alderman Watchorn whose sensible view of the matter did him oredit, for he was prepared to concedo that a private citizen could have rights, and in placing facts against inferences, he sought to obtain a different resolution. But where has Alderman Pike spent the intermediate period slime tho pasaiqg of the Act, October l8, 1870, that he hazarded the assertion that no similar building had been since erected, and that therefore it was the duty of the Qo\;nqil to see the law carried out¿ 1 Âyhat is that large building forming a prominent object in the square bounded byCollinaandMacquarie-streets ; by ArgyleandCampbellstreots ? Standing in front of Mr. Millhouse's condomned building, Alder- man Pike can s,pe a, larger and more dangerous rçoqderç etectiqn. Bqt, perhaps, the power to construct this building waa oro of the prerogatives of the owner then an Alderman ; and, perhaps, that laiv is not to bo applied to such a one which restrains a private citizen. Mr. Millhouse should take the hint. Less suitable people have had a spat in the Qqiiuoü, and the oxpensQ of getting elected-must be far less than that of a law suit. . _' Our Defences.-Sir William Jervois and Colonel Scratchley, accompanied by Mr. Warner (Private Seprotary). Sir James Wilson, apd a inembçr of the Marine Board, yritt make a trjp'down the river to- day ¡ii the ateampr Monarch, whjph is to leave at 9 a,m, Tho trip ia for tho purpose of enabling Sir William Jervois and Colonel soratohley to obtain information to pieparo a report as to the defences necessary for the island. The English Mail.-As wo anticipated, tho mail steamer Assam was first heard o,f from qoiyth Anstmlja, She passed Albany flR rhe 28th Deoem ber j but nothing was heard of her till yesterday afternoon, when a notico posted outside the Tele- graph Office told that she had been sighted at- Cape Borda shortly after 3 o'clock. Ten hours would take her to Adelaide, which sho will probably loavg at daybreak to-diiy, in whjah cage 'Axe wfli reach jfelbournu on Fyiday morning, and the Hobart Town, mails be delivered on Saturday. The War.-The British Government has lost rio time in fulfilling its promise to the Sultan, as'in- timated in the telegrams published yesterday.- All intimation has been sent to the Russian Government that in the cyejit of gai tain contingencies the païipiiài (celi'rig may foreo Hngland to defend ita intorostn lu the East | nild tho Russian Govornmont has expressed its willingness to consider diiout Turkish proposals, This is equivalent to saying that the C/uir docs not want tho Great Powers to interfere at all ; but it íb not a very satisfivçtqry reply, -inosmnch as it is not probable that any terms that may he proposée} hv {lip, porfe yill'ho accepted |iy Russja.' 'A 'cessation qt hostilities is ilesirahlo ; but there arc strong reasons for doubting wliothor it will talco plaoo until ono of the belli- gérants is so completely exhausted as to ho forced to accept any terms of peaoo, The Ausi'ralian .Eleven in Victoria.-Tho match between the combined fifteen of Victoria and New South Wales and tho Australian eleven has ended in a tie, a most extraordinary result, and one i)ot very satisfactory to ejtlier side, The Aim fralian tuarn, havo, hovWpv, acquitted tjiciqselvos admirably, aud, provided tho seil'voyage does not affect them, wo hopo great things from them while in England. Their conduct in the field, and the manner in which they have played all their matches havo been very highly spoken of. *"«# CirAMBiqN Raoe.-TljO pot has riot boiled over, as sqmo racing Won thought it would, though the favourite and the winner of the Melbourne Cup has bceq beaten. Of course the " tippists " wero agajn wrqiig-; those upqn whom, most'rfiliaqqo arp plaood-for' what raasou ono oan hardly say plumped unrosorvedly for Chester, admitting at the Baine time that First King was a dangerous oppo- nent. Our telegram does not say by how much the favourite was beaton ; but the probability is that the finish was exceedingly close Rescue of a Woman from Drowning.-When the steamer Tasman returned to the Franklin Wharf last evening, there was, as usual, a large crowd assembled to meet their friends, and that circumstance, and the customary unnecessary haste shown by the passengers in disembarking, nearly resulted in the death of a young woman, named Annie Niblet. The passengers were so eager in their desire to got home, that Miss Niblet, who had been to the regatta, was almost involuntarily carried along by the stream of people and fell over the opposite side of the pier. A seaman of the Tasman named William Hepburn, immediately leaped from the wharf and succeeded in securing the young woman when she rose in the water. Lamps having been brought, another seaman named Chance, who was in posses- sion of a pair of oars, immediately suspended one together with a whip, which Hepburn got hold of and was thereby kept floating. In the meantime two marino boatmen named Luke Coates and Robert Clarke jumped into a boat which was moored to the hulk Propontis, and paddled round to the immersed couple, whom they rescued and landed at the steps near the Argyle-street pier. A car was then brought, and the unlucky woman conveyed to tho General Hospital, where it was ascertained that although suffering from the immersion, she had sustained no severe injuries. She was consequently driven to the residence of Captain Willett, in whose employment she was. The promptitude with which Hepburn went to the rescue of the drowning woman was exceedingly praiseworthy, more especially when the darkness of the night is taken into account. City Police Court.-There was no sitting of this court yesterday, there being no charges for hearing, Appeal Court,-A Court of Speoial General SeB sions is to bo hold in the Court- room, Town Hall, on Wednesday, ICth inst., for tho purpose of hear- ing appeals from the assessment roll of the oity. The Scullin» Championship.-It is evident that Trickett will be called upon before long to make another struggle for the championship, if not againt au English soullor, at all oventa against an American. By the Californian mail a Mr. Cass arrived to make nriangemcuts for a match between Trickett.and Courtney, who is said to bo tho champion of America aud by our direct telegrams, it will bo seon that Courtney is willing to make a match provided 'it comes oil in America. Writing a few days ago, before Com lucy'a challenge was heard of, tho Sydney &ho; gavo tho following interesting infor- mation :-"The native element amongst the rowing mon of Sydney lins been stirred up by tho announce- ment that a Canadian named Hanlon has had the tomority to challenge the cornstalk who boro away from Father Thames the proud honour of champion of tho world. Hanlon has not actually challenged by telegram ; ho has morely told Trickett that ho accepts his challenge, and expects the right of being the first to try conclusions with tho Australian. It is not imp) obnblo that uo\t mail inay bring a similar offer from Courtney, the champion qf America, who was ready tp admit Hanlon to row ju a match at Oswego on 17th October. Hanlon'« friends professed their anxiety for this, but ho did not coirje forward, and Courtney won tho race easily. His time, 20.29, over a course of H miles and roturn, was tho fastest ever made on that continent, The two Americans are very disproportionate, Courtnoy being over' six feet, and heavy ; while the Canadian is 22 years of agc, five foot eight and three-quarter inches in height, and rows only 10 st, 13 lb. At sixteen years of age he made ina maiden effort as ono of a crow of three flshouiion pulling sculls, and M'as beaten. At seventeen ho won two small races in skills, and 1873 won tho championship of Toronto Bay from Williams and M'Kay. In 1874 ho won tho championship of Burlington Bay from Loudon, and again dufented- him jp a privato match. Ho followed un his winning oarcer hy carrying off the Govornor- Gonoral's medal at tho Toronto regatta ; then-won the belt cmblamatio of the championship of Lake Ontario, and a fisherman's race nt tho same regatta. At tho Centennial regatta ho beat Coulter, Luther, Plaistad and Green (of London), in the trial heats, and won tho deciding ovont from Brayloy in the best time over mado until Courtnoy como out. At tho Boston regatta this year lie was disqualified and sevoroly censured for fouling, aftor which he defeated Robs for tho championship of the Domi- nion. Ho may bo a good man ; but it has yot to bo proved that ho is a great rower such as would havo a chance with the holder of tho championship. To the lattor it would bo much moro satisfactory if tho two Americans wero to deeido which of tho pair is the better, and tho victor should como hero, rather than that if Trickett beat one of thom tho other could Bay that tho vanquished was not tho represen- tativo of America At any rate, if either comes we shall compliment him for his pluck, and rogrot that an Englishman should not have been ns anxious to tako back the lost laurels. Of ona thing the visittr may be assured, aud that is-lie will have fuir play." Comforting.-Dr. R. T.Trail, 'mutePhiladelphia Star, says :-We shall not wait long for the appear- ance of the expected pestilences, for we are approach- ing a very pestilential period. Jupiter, one thousand times as large as tho earth, revolves around tho sun every twelve years. Saturn, once in about thirty years ; Uranus once in about eighty-four years ; Neptune, once in one hundred and sixty-four years. The perihelion of all these planets does not occur at the same time more than once in thousands of years. In the sixth century, and again in tho sixteenth, tho first three were coincidently in perihelion ; and theso were the most pestilential periods of the Christian era. Tho perihelion periods of Jupiter and Saturn coincide with the extensive pre- valence of plague, cholera, and other epidemics, But in tho future, from even now to 1885, we are to have what has not happened for eighteen hundred years-viz., the nearest approach to the sun of oil four of these large planets ooincidently. Tho obvious deduction from this foot and theory is, that the changes pt the earth's temperature, and the changed condition of its atmosphere, consequent on the interference with or abstraction of trie usual amount of its light and heat will be increasingly unfavourable to life and health on our globe from this present time to 1880, and from 1880 to 1885 the adverse influences will bo the greatest, after that they will gradually diminish. Remarkable Discovbky in Stone-work.-C. 0\. Lundburg writea to the Chicago Inter-Ocean, claiming to Eave discovered a chemical process by which he can transform lime of sandstone fronts to actual marble, granite, or brown sandstone, and in like manner transform ornamental stones and pillars to any kind of costly and rare marble porphory desired. Tho inventor says ¡-" In explanation I desire to say that the materials "used for the pur- pose (being pure minerals in solution, dissolved by a process known only to myself) when applied to the surface of limestone or sandstone, enter almost instantly in a chemical unity with the stone, and by so doing become a part of the stone itself and inseparable therefrom. Consequently tho marbling done by this process will remain permanently, and cannot possibly bo moved, changed, or destroyed by rain, snow, frost, or heat. ' The work on build- ings can be done at a considerably small cost, and the marblo or granito so produced will not only appear as natural, but will appear moro beautiful still, as being more distinct and rich in colour. When stained or spotted by rain and dust it can be washed and cleaned, so as to appear as new ; and instead of fading or being darkened by age, as is tho case with natural marble exposed. t°. a^' an(l rain, it improves by the sam,p exposure, as is well known {ft be the erna with any chemical process in tho way of stono formation. The surface of stone thus marbled will ultimately become hard as flint. At the same timo it will he able to withstand a very high degree of heat and lire without cracking." 