[FROM OUR OWN CORRESONDENT.] THE election for North Brisbane and the changes impending on the retirement from the Ministry of the Hon. George Thorn, as also on the possible retirement of Sir James Cockle, C.J., are the absorbing topics of conversation in political circles. To begin with North Brisbane—Mr. R. M. Stewart has notified the electors that, as he must necessarily be absent from the colony during the next parliamentary session, he has forwarded his resignation to the Speaker. This is the signal for definite action in reference to the election of a new member for North Brisbane. Something approaching to a dozen names have been put forward and publicly canvassed during the past month as probable candidates, but at the present moment public attention is almost exclusively confined to two—Messrs. Pring and Rutledge. It has been stated that Mr. Samuel Davis, who contemplates entering the field, will get the votes of many people connected with commercial pursuits, on the ground that a representative of the mercantile interest in the Legislative Assembly would be an advantage ; but as far as I am able to judge, Mr. Davis would not have the ghost of a chance of being returned, and if that be the case, the votes recorded in his favour would be simply thrown away. A week or two ago Mr. Pring's candidature seemed to promise success, but if the contest should be solely betwixt himself and Mr. Rutledge the issue will be at least doubtful. There is a common prejudice against parsons meddeling with political matters, and this will to some degree work against Mr. Rutledge. On the other hand, it must be borne in mind that he has absolutely retired from the Christian ministry, whilst he will be sure to retain the political support of members of the Wesleyan body, as well as a large section of the Protestant community generally, probably including the Orange societies. He is also credited with being a man above the average ability, and is a pleasing and fluent speaker : it is, therefore, not improbable that in the event of his exposition of political views being satisfactory, he will have a large measure of support. It is further understood that he is the ministerial candidate, and has the full sympathy and confidence of a large section of that side of the House. Mr. Pring, on the other hand, will be supported by the Con- servative and Catholic sections. The Catholics are not by any means numerous or influential in North Brisbane, and the Con- servatives are necessarily in the minority in an electorate which is noted for its antipathy to and dread of the squatter. However, there are other influences not so easily guaged that may enter into the calculation as the contest proceeds, and it would be rash at this time to attempt to predict with confidence the result of the polling. As regards personal character, Mr. Rutledge stands high in public estimation ; but he has no experience in politics, whilst Mr. Pring is an old veteran, and the best constitutional lawyer in the colony. His presence in the Assembly would doubtless be a considerable advantage—especially to the Opposition, who at present have not a barrister on their side of the House. As regards the ministerial situation, I doubt whether I can add anything material to the information you have already received by wire, it is definitely understood that Mr. Thorn's resignation will be in the hands of the Premier in the course of a day or two, if it is not there already. Indeed, I hear it upon good authority that he tendered his resigna- tion some two or three weeks since, on the very day indicated by your correspondent ; but it was either withdrawn, or its acceptation held over, in order to give his colleagues time to make arrangement for the advantageous disposal of the vacant portfolio. Mr. Thorn had so often talked of resigning that, when at last the time had com and he really meant to do it, his colleagues were taken by surprise. However, the question of supplying his place has to be decided during the ensuing week, and on Mr. Miles's return from Gympie the matter will immediately engage the serious attention of the Cabinet. Who is to be the new minister nobody seems to know, and it is believed that the selection cannot be made without causing offence to more than one aspirant for the emoluments of office. The evening Telegraph has recommended Mr. Garrick, and it is probable that his election would have many advantages. He is not, perhaps, quite the man to be entrusted with the Lands Depart- ment, but he is a man admittedly of superior ability, and is a good debater. In considera- tion of these qualities his appointment might not provoke so keen a feeling of disappoint- ment and mortification as would be the case if an inferior man was taken ; but it is by no means certain that Mr. Garrick would consent to join the Ministry under present circum- stances. It has already two lawyers, and to take in a third would be rather too much of a good thing, and the chances are that they could not agree. However, a a rumour is current that the Ministry want Mr. M'Ilwraith to join them, and that on his departure for Sydney last week he was followed by importunate ministers on board the steamer Governor Blackall, but would not be entrapped. The report is too absurd for serious discussion, and I merely mention it for what it is worth. A more likely rumour is that Mr. Groom is the coming man. It is well known that that gentleman has long aspired to office, but has found every opening closed to him, notwithstanding his long ex- perience and general ability as a politician but Mr. Douglas may yet think it expedient to take him into his counsels. It is, perhaps, a significant circumstance at this juncture, that the Premier has made it his business to accompany the Governor to the Warwick Show, and that his Excellency, accompanied by the Premier and the hon. member for Toowoomba, proceeded last week from Toowoomba to Warwick in a special train. [As our telegram of yesterday stated, all these speculations have been closed by the appoint- ment of Mr. Garrick.—ED. M.B.] The other disturbing influence to which I have adverted is the probable retirement of Sir James Cockle. His term of fifteen years' service expires on the 23rd February current, when be will be entitled to retire on half-pay (£1230 per annum.) But he wants a year's leave of absence from that date on full pay, and urges in favour of the concession special consideration on the ground that during his whole term of service he has never had a holiday, but has stuck: uninterruptedly to his work. According to the practice in Crown Colonies, this special consideration would be allowed ; but Queensland is not bound by such precedents, I am credibly, informed, however, that an offer has been made to Sir James of a year's leave on full pay, and he will probably sail for England in the-course of a month. But Ministers would like to know before-hand whether he will come back again to resume the Chief Justice- ship, and this, according to report, is what Sir James does not want to speak upon in definite terms, probably not knowing what he will do, but wishing to be guided by events. A snug appointment may offer in England or elsewhere, and he would possibly prefer accepting it and drawing his pension from Queensland, or he may be so circumstanced as to be induced to do duty in the colony for a few years longer. It is not difficult to per- ceive, however, that a little pressure may he brought to bear upon him before he departs from Brisbane to make his choice once for all, and say plainly what he will do. Meanwhile, it is generally understood, that if a temporary absence only of the Chief is contemplated, Mr. Justice Lutwyche will act for him, and no additional judge will be appointed. But here, again, is the not improbable contingency, that Mr. Lutwyche may break down without previous notice, his advanced age and his in- firmities rendering it extremely doubtful whether he will long be able to get through his own work without taking that of the Chief Justice, as an additional tax upon his strength. The suspension of the Fitzroy Bridge works, I am informed, had not been decided upon solely in apprehension of freshes or floods in the river owing to the season of the year, but the unexpected delay in the arrival of cylinders, all the in preliminary work having been got through. However, Mr. Byerley has to pay Rockhampton a visit next week, when he will see if any work may be advantageously proceeded with now, and if he finds such to be the case, it will be done. The stoppage is considered necessary to prevent an increased cost in the work, and it will probably be April before the work is resumed. It is satisfactory to learn that the Govern- ment contemplate improving the status of Mr. Ballard, by placing him on an equality with Mr. Stanley—one being Engineer-in-chief for the South; and the other for the Central and Northern Division. This, I presume, will carry with it an increase of salary for Mr. Ballard, and may have something to do with the settlement of his equitable claims in con- sideratipn of the low cost and excellent quality of the Northern extension under his charge, as per understanding with the Palmer Ministry. It appears that the Government have aban- doned the idea of carrying out the construc- tion of the Burdekin Bridge under the Department by wages men, and will call for tenders to-day for the work. From official sources it is understood that the labour market is decidedly changing its tone, and that a scarcity of this useful commodity is threatened just as the new railway undertakings are on the eve of com- mencement. The number of immigrants by Government vessels, from the United Kingdom last year was 5600—being 600 in excess of the average, although during the last quarter it was considerably below the average, and the diminished rate still continues. The drought was producing a powerful effect on the labour market in the Southern districts, and indeed throughout the colony, principally up to last September, before the immigration began to fall off ; but although the disastrous effects of the drought still continue in force, the labour supply is running short, and unless an increasing number of the right sort of immigrants can be immediately secured the wages' rate must advance, and the cost and ultimate remunerativeness of the new railways will be prejudicial affected. You will have seen that three new contracts for telegraphic construction have been entered into by the Government. Mr. Severn has concluded his course of lectures to schools, and his "final" lecture to the people of Brisbane ; but at the urgent solicitation of the Mayor, Sir Maurice O'Connell, and other influential personages, he has consented to give another course, selecting different subjects from those already treated before Brisbane audiences. The Rockhampton Blondin made his debut before a Brisbane audience last night with complete success, if you will see by report in the Courier of this morning. Brisbane, February 2. In Victoria, two officers, after upwards of twenty years' service in the Training Institute, were dismissed on 1st February ; also two of the oldest postmasters in the colony. On the same day, at the general sessions, Mr. Purves, barrister, objected to Mr. Smyth acting as Crown Prosecutor, on the grounds of his being a Judge of the County Court, which annulled the former appointment. The Chairman decided to try the prisoners, leaving them to test the validity of the Crown Prosecutor's position under a habeas corpus if they chose. MALARIAL POISONING. — The Scientific American mentions that a lecture on the above subject was delivered in December, 1877, by Professor Alfred L. Loomis, M.D., before the class of the University Medical College, New York, According to Professor Loomis the effects of malarial poisoning are manifested in a surprising variety of forms and symptoms ; so numerous and various, in fact, that they cannot be tabulated. They embrace enlarge- ment of the spleen, neuralgias of different forms, that may or may not be periodical ; dyspeptic troubles which cannot be relieved by dyspeptic remedies ; headaches that are often treated as cerebral diseases ; confusions of mind ; staggering gaits ; loss of power in por- tions of the body ; impairment of mental faculties ; inability to do work of any kind ; not sick enough to go to bed, but too ill and habitually too tired to perform anything that requires the least exertion ; shortness of breath ; rapid, weak, irregular pulse ; sleep- less nights, etc. The first step towards cure is removal from the malarial locality ; then only may the proper medicines be expected to prove beneficial. The infection appears to be far more widely spread than is commonly sup- posed ; and all who have ailments that fall within the category here mentioned, will do well to read the excellent lecture. 