The German Doctor. (Written for the Queenslander Christmas Supplement.) CHAPTER I.—OLIVE AND ROSE. BY THE AUTHOR OF "CRADDOCK HEAD." It was too hot a great deal for a young lady to be out in a chip hat and no gloves. Too hot, that is, if she were imbued with a proper apprehension of the dangers a clear skin encounters from a Queensland sun, and regarded brown hands as an iniquity. And yet it was not 8 o'clock. But the stiU ness of this time of day in midsummer lends pecuUar force to the slanting sun beams, and the reflection from the lagoon made matters worse. ' Cyril, it's too hot. Get your boat and come away. Come, Stewart. How wet you are!' ' But, Olive, my boat has not been across once,' a Uttle curley-headed urchin ex postulated, holding his knickerbockers as high up his legs as those chubby limbs would allow, and paddling after a diminu tive craft as it bobbed along the ripples at the edge of the low sedge, refusing to en counter the voyage projected by the owner. • Cyril's boat has been over twice. Come and make mine go across, Olive/ ' Your boat's no good; is it Olive ?' cried the proprietor of the more venturesome craft. ' It's got no rudder. Boats without rudderB won't go across the lagoon. Cyril wouldn't know how to tie the rudder either* would he, Olive P* •Cyril's boat doesn't want a rudder,' answered the young lady appealed to, throwing little sticks, with an involuntary jump at each throw, at the refractory bark. * It's a very nice boat and would go across quite weU, if its head would only turn round the other way. Oh, I wish you boys would come. Miss Dare wiU be so cross about breakfast.' But with this voyage unaccomplished it was impossible for the boys to leave, so the successful navigator came round to assist his younger brother, and Olive went and sat under a tree to watch the rudderless vessel drift sideways across the lagoon with what little breath of morning air was stirring. Vexation, amusement, and a certain interest in the successful completion of thi* trans- pontine enterprise prevented her noticing tho approach of a horse, aud not till the rider had dismounted and advanced with the bridle on his arm to within a few paoes did she turn her head. [ 'Good morning, OUve, J thought I should have been in time to catch break ■ fast. But you are such' early people hejre.' ' You are in plenty of time, Ralph. We haven't breakfasted, and I'm dying of hunger.. I wish yotf would make those stupid boys come.' ' ; So Miss BeU rose again and walked with Ralph Thornton to where the Tj-oys, had ppddled round to reoeive the incoming Argosy, which, however, had midway altered its intention as to port of call,- and now glided on the other tack at a. right angle to its original course, doling Thornton left his horse to feed about with the bridle trail ing on the grass, and commenced throwing sticks at the common centre of interest* While OUve again retreated to the,shade. ' It's not a bit of good throwing sticks, Ralph,' cried the young lady with pardon able petulance. 'I've thrown thousands, apd am half dead with the heat. Leave the stupid boat till after breakfast; I'm famished. Look, there's someone riding up to the house.' Mr. Thornton looked round for a moment apd then ' cooeyed,' which affected the rider as wanton caprice did the boat, for he turned at the same angle from his course and rode towards them At a walk. 4 Who is it P* asked Ralph. ' A stranger, I think.' ' Upon my word it looks like St. John* Ifo ybu expect him.' -.■ ' Goodness, no.' j * It te St. John, I declare.' Both moved rapidly forward to meet the new comer, a young man of abont flte-and twenty, whose bronzed faoe and blue eyes were already Ut up with a latitat the sur prise, he was causing. ;' How d;ye do, Miss Bell,' and raising his hat he dismounted, and shook hand! with the Vonhg ladjK and her companion net the *^eter Grieyous touch,* not «>W the ' pordial grapple,' bat a kind hearty shake, telling of the pleasure of seeing old ; friends after a lorig absence.'' ' -' Whetfe ott' eajth hay** yoti sp-fting from* old feUow P. was; M*. Thpmtonfs grating. ' I am so glad you have oome: te see ns' was Miss Bell's. ' * :' '•• ' ■•■ •• ,' I hive come to spend 4: month ifyoucan d-o with me far •» hmg,' said the he* come*. 'Of course we can. Papa add mamma will be back for Christmas, atid they Would ! h^ve been so pony to have missed ( seeing. V-' '■'■;'.,".'.';. ...a.;::' •'.'' .. 'Are they away, thenP' ,„. •.-.. -' They are in SydAey. Oh I what bother—' s%id Miss $ell, suddenly check ing herself as at the discovery of some un pleasant faot, and looking quite serious, and vexed. ' I forgot about mamma. Miss Dare is at home. But you know what An old goose slic is. The'rejty thought of* a gentleman visitor while ' . ,i'A " • 'Of course,' replied Mr. St. John, laughing gaily, ' I know Miss Dare always had a suspicion I wanted to run atray with her. If she thought I was coming to stay while your people were .away it would be • her death. Her propriety would asphyxkt*-) her. I'U camp at Gaydon till they come back.' •You will do nothing of the sort,* Mr. Thornton interposed. 'You will oamp with us. My mother and. sister would never forgive yonr going to an inn while we have a spare, ropm.' ' That wiU be splendid/ said Miss Bell, brightening again.' 'Thanks, Ralph, very muoh. It will certainly be far more pleasant \l MriK Thornton'will not think me a nuisance. I hope your mother and Miss Rose are well. I shaU be so glad tp see them again,' And now the boys had come up in a very dripping condition carrying their, boats, and St. John lifted them both to his own height to see how three years had altered them. Stewart manifested the delight born of the recovery of an old friend, and wanted to know why Mr. St. John had stopped away so long. Cyril, however, was less effusive, and in answer to en quiries informed the visitor that he didn't think he was glad to see him, but if he'd make him a boat as big as Stewart's he thought he'd be very glad. Ai* the psrty moved towards the house, Thornton having gone back to catch, his :horse, Miss BeU said to her companion,, with a smile composed of equal parts of archness and shyness— ' Our misfortune is your opportunity. I don't know that fate could have been kinder than to send you to Mrs. Thornton's. Rose ' wiU be so pleased to see you again.' 'Fate i? very kind. So is Miss Thornton hot to have forgotten me. How you've grown, OUve. Kow you are a woman, I must caU you Miss Bell.' : ' I am quite content with Olive, but please , yourself. Three years is such an age. A little hedge seems to grow up in that time between oneself and one's old friends that you oan't jump over at first.' As Miss BeU spoke she turned to note the changes in her companion's appearance, and then with a Uttle laugh added, " And so you've got moustaohios at last; and quite a suc cess, too. Do you remember how you used to cherish the swan's-down of other days P' Five years before this time Harry St. John had come up from Sydney with Mr. BoU, on his return from his after-shearing trip. St. John had only landed a few ••fecks previously from England, and was introduced to Mr. Bell by the latter's agent as a young man desirous of learning : bush ways, and for two years he Uved with the Bell family. 'Colonial expe rience' means hard work *, but to this St, John had no aversion, and he considered himself weU paid with £20 a yeajfcnd the experience acquired. At the ' end of this time he had overlanded oattle to Melbourne, and then gone out pioneer ing to the far West, and enacting the roU iag-stone with'the proverbial result. And now for one month he had come baok to ' the old haunts and the old friends. A gawky girl of fifteen when he left, Miss Bell was now a woman, tall and shapely as a young ash, and with that peculiar grace that comes ot perfect physique. Her clear completion was a Uttlt? darkened by these daily outings, \- tyit tfce slightly Gipsy tinge suited, the. clear hazel eyes and deUcately moulded features, and the closely roUed mass of dark hiiir formed a fitting setting to a face 'almostclassic. "yVhether she was entitled to he thought a btauty was matter of opi i nion. 1 Sqirie thought she was too dark, and y^t thi was 'apt'a brunette; and the dear e-j-e* ,might as weU have belonged to a fair 'woman. Some said she was too cold look ing, for she had an impassive distant way /with people she did not care about, and with those she disliked could be very freez ing. We make very random guesses at temperament from appearance. It is hot erery little spluttering volcano that has the most Are at its heart. The mountain that overwhelms cities with sudden ruin may have stood impassive for centuries. And yet the molten fury hidden by the cilm exteriop was within all the thne. Miss BeU was not a volcano. But she was not the iceberg many thought her. There was some excuse for Miss BeU's archness about the kindness of fate. In the days now three years past, Rose Thorn ton and Harry St. John had been very great friends. This, historian, having no wish to do otherwise than teU the entire truth, may say at onoe that the two years' friendship between these young people had been two years of chronic flirtation. Rose was three years older than her friend Olive-—more vivacious, too, if laughter and chatter may be received as indications of vivacity, and pretty beyond any manner of doubt. Fair almost as an apple blos som, with Ught blue eyes, and a head that Was'as near golden as the rich-tinted yeUow hair could make it, and a face entirely given over to dimples called into life by , ever.ready laughter. Olive BeU and Rose Thornton were friends and companions. Friends, that is, as friendship is made by close intimacy unruffled by disagreement and perturbing jars. But friendship in its true devotion is not possible to natures sympathetically antagonistic. Rose was of the faction who thought Miss BeU an iceberg, and marveUed that her aspirations never appeared to soar beyond those stupid games with her noisy young brothers. Olive could never be properly interested in the various young men who apparently filled the void in Miss Thornton's existence left by Harry St. John's departure three years before. Rose's teuder confidences bored OUve beyond everything, and the only occasion oa whkh their friendship waa .threatened was when Ralph, at breakfast at home, said one morning to his sister — • I wish you wouldn't be such a fool with young Hipstane. Why do you always go on in that sUly way P ' • What silly way, pray P' asked the out raged syren, her mouth rapidly contracting into a very resolute rosebud. • Oh, you know weU enough. OUve says you think aU young men have dropped from heaven.' ' I wish Olive would mind her own busi ness and not send me advice. Perhaps she would \i\it) me to romp about in the mud > with those horrid boys as she does,' and the rosebud folded its rosy petals even closer. ' There is surely a middle way between flirting and romping in the mud, though of tho two I would sooner see you choose the latter.' •Don't bo disagreeable to your sister, Ralph,' interposed the mother. • He can't help being disagreeable when he talks of Olive, mamma. Everybody . should shut up their gaiety in a refrigerator except whon tearing about with their dirty little brothers/ 'You'd like to have a young man shut, up in your refrigerator, and flirt with him through the key-hole,' her brother retorted, as he moved off. So that when Miss. Thornton met Miss BeU next there was a coldness on the one sido that produced a very marked reserve in their intercourse. , Chapter ll.—The Secbet. A month has passed, and December is far advanced. A lazy month, too, it has been for St. John, and a strange change from the aotive open-air life of the last five yean. It is too not for the ladies to be out much, so the guest has accommodated him self to circumstances, and most of his days have been passed lounging about the com fortable verandahs at Wirriba, chatting occasionally with Mrs. Thornton, and more than occasionaUy with Mrs/Thornton's daughter. Sometimes he would walk over and pass the day at Hillstream with Miss Dare, Olive, and the boys; but Ralph Thornton monopolised so much of Miss Bell's attention that St. John generaUy came to the conclusion that itwas pleasanter watching the play of Rose Thornton'-*.' dimples, and the changing lights in those soft blue eyes, than to talk to Miss Dare abotit the future of the aborigines, or romp with the boys. Not that he WaS not reaUy fond of the boys *. and would ' sometimes lie out under the big plunt-tree ' for hours, telling them stories of advenrare j that were composed as he went on; and sometimes Olive would. come but and sit on the grass too, and would add her exoe- 1 riences in these far lands, whfafe ftfeffwiV ' taken by Indians, tied to a stake; and rescued by a handsome young M-a^p-p*, whom she would have married out of grati tude had not a grizzly b4ar canceUed the obligation inthe most summary of manners. When Olive came these stories' used tp end in great merriment-, which Cyril and Stewart were too muoh in -Jarnest to ap- S rove of, so that St. Jbhn was carefully ragged to some farther spot Where Olive wouldn't come bothering with hen1 Indians and nonsense. And all this time'it was borne in upon Mr. Harry St. John that Olive had certainly grown into a very charming young woman. Mr. and Mrs. Bell, who had returned a week before Christmas, greeted St. John very cordially, and pressed him to come over to them for the rest of his stay. Olive seconded the invitation ih the frankest manner. 'Oh yes, do come,' said she. 'It is not fair that Rose should have you ail to her self. I never have a beau/ ' You seem to do pretty well with Ralph, I thought,' remarked the invited 'Oh, but Ralph doesn't count any more tban you would have done when you were living here. But now you nave been away so long, and have got Suite a real pair of mouatachios, I should' ke to air you a bit, if only for a week/ •Then Mrs. BeU may expect me. I should like of all things to De aired by you for a whole week/ But when he got back to Wirriba Rose entirely disapproved of the project. And so prettily were her remonstrances aided by a genuine pout that Harry Bfc John must needs nave been of very much Bterner stuff to have resisted the soft flattery of her dissuasions. So the next time he saw the Bells he told them he thought it would be discourteous to Mrs. Thornton to remove now. Aiter which Olive laughed and eaUed him Slyboots, and Mrs. BeU, with just a shade of reserve, begged him to please himself. ior Rose, as was patent to all, was his chief companion, and their intercourse had drifted into an intimacy that was almost tender. A flirtation so pronounced could not even escape the deUcate languid lady at the head ol the house, and one day she spoke about it to her son. ' I don't know,' she began, going to the very heart of the business at once, 'if it is quite fair to Rose to let Harry St. John be so entirely with her. I am very fond of Harry, but ho has not a penny in the world, and if any nonsense got into Rose's head it might make her unhappy.' •It would soon be displaced by other „ nonsense, mother/ ' ' I don't like you, Ralph, to talk pf your sister, in this way. It is not as a brother should. If Harry were iv any position to think of marryipg it would be different. I am sure I have no very, exalted notions for Rose. I only desire to see her happily settled. Bnt sho wouldn't be happy with a man with nothing, and she might be very unhappy if she got fond of one who couldn t marry her. Dear, dear, if your poor father had Uved I should have been spared these worries. I am not strong enough to be worried/ ' 'Well- don'tworry about it, mother. St, John is off in a week, and Bose!s heart is sufficiently seasoned not to break over a month'B flirtation/ • fiutyou might take him out more with you. The poor boy has nothing to do aU day but sit with Rose, and—weU, dear, it all bothers me,, I wish you'd see to it. I have said nothing to Rose. I.am reaUy not fit to encounter any fuss/ So two days afterwards, on Christmas eve,. Ralph proposed to St. John: to ride out with him to look at a lot of heifers he had just bought, that were in a paddook nve or six milos away, and of whioh he had to take delivery that day. St*. John at first deolined, saying that he had made up his mind not to look at a beast till Christmas was over, as that festive day marked the limit of his spell, but the other being importunate he gave way and put on breeches and boots. It was an unusually hot day as they started, the White clouds that stood in the still sky having a bronzed coppery look betokening intense heat and an electrical atmosphere. They rode slowly through the little town of Gaydon, pulling up at Job Hall's pubUo \- house, more for the shade it afforded than for the drinks they' awaUowed. Every thing was hot to the touch, and the aoda waiter quite tepid. 'Ithink we are rather foolish to visit Sour heifers on such a day,' St; Johh azarded, 'as the mildest form of protest he obuldurge/ ■ fL ' '■ 'Never- mind, old feUow, we iHUgonp to lunch at Kilkstream, ■ and' it maybe cooler after. In any case I mast go, and I could pick you up there as I come back if jjoh 'matte up ybdr mind to fib.' St. John'B mind was made up ob the spot' : to jib; but he 'said nothing1-more till they gpt to Hjllstrean-i, where Miss Bett wat vjblT busy, i^ith a white apron ahnbst up , Uf ncr chin', jprepari^fg delicacies for the , next daV's feast. The Christinas party at 1 the Bflls' -fas tobe a large ohe, the Thoirn ttata and St; John being included, and Mrs. BeU allowed Most of thye ff sponsibiUty of the preparations to rest on nr daughter. , Very charming both jroung toitsn thought •Bf iss <Mive lookedy the letfge apron in which she was enveloped fitting eh*>se tothe graceful curves of' her Ussome figti*e, pftd her fchapely whitt\ arms bare nearly to thto 'shottlderT^' : :"•• * ' *;*• I 'jITow good of' you both to come over to hfelp me on such a terrific day,* she said, as the young men presented themselves at the storeroom door. ' Bnt we've only come tb lunch,' 'Ralph' repUed, 'and are going oh' afterwards to Sawlin's paddock/? ,* '' ' Hunger, not good nature, then, bail sent you hhttJ; laughed Mitjs BeU. 1 ' Not in my case,' sabd 8t John, throwing his friend overboard at once. ' Good niture has brought me. I want to whip up creams or stone raisins, or do anything else that is to be done/ 'I can find you plenty to do. There is aU that green stuff to put about the house/ ' May ndt I help you here P I will sit in the corner quite out of the way, and do as lam told/ 'You would be the'meat loyal bf sen}- Uonslhaveno doubt.' 'To the most exacting of cAtf*. Of course, I would. •' But I haye finished now, I have: reaUy. Ihave been hard at work since ever so early this morning. You are going tb hate a most lovely dinner to-morrow/ ' Sfjing which Miss BeU smoothed out htjr apron, and, pursing up her Ups to an expression of extreme rcUsh, bowed to her visitors in anticipation of their gratitude. ' And we never came over to lend a hsad,' said St. John. . • ' ■' • \\-*' •' ■' ■ 'But it is not too late to redeem your, characters/ . 'WeU, let me chop, the bead* off the ducks and things/ ' You must content yourself with the decorations. We wiU aU help after lun cheon. The boys have given nte uo peace aU the morning, wanting to begin. Can't ypu stop Ralph P' "No, I can't really. Sawlin wiU be waiting for me in the paddock/ And thus it came about that Harry St John never saw those heifen. Many a time afterwards he recaUed the tall girlish figure, in its white dress, standing on tip toe on the summit of a pair of steps, Cyril and Stewart handing up the greenery which Olive arranged about the picture frames and over the top of the pier glass. And, standing behind her watching the reflection of the upturned faoe, St. John thought how far its uncoascious beauty put all the other pictures into the shade. It was very nice, flirting with Rose Thornton, hearing her merry chatter, and looking at her pretty face; but, if a man were asked to lay down hia life for a woman, thia ?alm, self-contained, beautiful girl was he sort of one that would make the Sacrifice,its pwn reward. It is tho fate of some women to awake a transient senti ment ; of others to inspire a lasting devo tion ;. and Harry grew very conscious that he was by no means disposed to lay down his life for Miss Thornton. A sort of regret passed through his mind, too, that he had not seen more of Olive during his stay, that he had not come back to the old quarters when asked. And then again he thought that he would not have cared to play second fiddle to Ralph, so it was per haps as woU as it was. But at all events for this one afternoon he was determined he would have OUve all to himself, for a long confidential yarn; so without a word he slipped out and got his horse. As he took it out of the stame he asked the man what horse Miss Bell rodo, and had a good-looking chestnut pointed out to him standing in the shade in the paddook below the house, which he quickly ran in and saddled. Then, presenting himself in the 4ining-room, he asked Miss BeU to come out for a canter with him. 'Isn't it rather tod hotP' said OUve, looking hesitatingly out of the window to guess tiie temperature from the brown crisp grass. 'Oh, dear, yes,' Mrs. Bell interposed, '.a great deal too hot. OUve can't come, Mr. St. John. She has got twenty shades darker as it is sinoe I have been away/ ' Then one shade more wouldn't make muoh difference, mamma.' * ' Nonsense, dear. What do you want to go out for on a scorching afternoon, making Jourself suoh a guy. Don't be absurd, Ir. St* John. You and OUve can sing Some duets and amuse mc/ ' We will do that this evening/ the gen 31eman answered. ' But do let OUve come ut for a Couple of hours. ItwiU be quite 000 l in another hour, and I haven't had a rf de with her for three years. The canter, too, will do her all the good in the world ' after sticking in that Uttle store-room aU day/ : j 'WeU, if she is fool enough to like to 'I am fool enough, mamma, and think a \- gaUoe) would bo very pleasant/ : | 80 in half-an-hour they were galloping over the {klAin down towards the river. Yon cduld trace the river for miles by its ■ heavy belt'of dark timber, the oaks giving : it its sombre hue, which was beautifully • relieved fay the bright green of the chest . nuts, just now in aU tiie gorgeousness of l yellow and red blossom. The sun had ' sunk sufficiently to aUow this belt of timber to throw a shadow hal&a-mile; long across the plain, and along this shade they now rpde at a walk. ' What a strange haze hangs about every -when!' St. John remarked; •it looks •almost Uke smoke. I wish it had been a I cjlear evening; I used to like those dear old : hiUa so after rain.' : 'Yoapoets have suoh short memories/ said Miss BeU, with a rippling Uttle laugh. ' ' What do you mean P' asked the other, liughingin sympathy. > •XWt you remember a poem written to ' a; certain youtg lady, and read as usual for my approval P Let me see —you were very scornful, I remember, about the beauties of natun. Wait—this was it— ' Th* bMutie* of Nature. Pooh! what do I oar* II Ut* kadaoap* b* dull *r> mjr p*ttn*r b* tait ; And, with her tot companion, o'er blaok Held* of *tona I woald far *oon*r rid* tt-an through Eden alone. 1 As Miss Bell said ' her,' sho put her hand to her heart and looked up to the sky. Her • mischief, amused her companion, and his eyes danced with merriment. • Fancy your remembering that.' ' Oh, I remember heaps of your poetry. I set " Olive and Rose " to musio, and often . sing it—which you wiU allow is magnani mous, as it is very disparaging to Olive/ ;' Then you must let me supply other Words. I can't consent to be misrepre sented by sentiments written when you 1 were in pinafores/ :. ''Oh, no; the sentiment is delightful, and the words are very pretty. You are like the poet who shot the arrows into the air, nbt knowing where they would fall; and npw you find one sticking in a wrong place you would like to pull it out and have another shot.' \ ' And why may not I have another shot P' i* Oh, I suppose you may if you have got other arrow. But I can't aUow you to phll out the old one that has stuck in my : music-book and taken root.' .' Have you auy more of the same charm ing growths in your nursery of infant ptemsP' 1 '' Lots *, I think I have most of the verses ,ypu used to write in those days. Indeed my reverence for your muse when I was young has somehow so grown with my growth that I think I have rather faUed in appreciation of Byron, Tennyson, and such minor versifiers.' 'Don't be sarcastic, OUve. I have no doubt everything I wrote was very pretty, and if it wasn't I am sure you thought it was. What a fine feUow you chUdren used to think me 1' • And you were a fine fellow to us. I shall never forget the dreadful time when you left. We were so wretched. Cyril cried for a whole day, aud I think really I cried for a whole month. And then you never would write -, so after a year we began to ferget about you; and now since you came back we have seen so Uttle of you that w6 haven't got to be quite the old friends again. It was very shabby of you not to give us a week even.' •It was my bad luck in finding your father and mother away; and I'm only beginning to realise my misfortune just as I ara going.' •Your misfortune has been supported with becoming resignation at all events. As a sufferer you are most patient/ • Wasn't I always patient P How should I have ever put up with your pranks and the boys', ahd got so fond of you aU, had % I allowed, impatience to interfere with% my affection ? Do you remember the doll where I killed the old man kangaroo, and you went and hid in a great hollow treo, and cried while I was knooking him on tho head ? Is the tree thero now P ' • Oh, yes, it is there I think/ • Well, let us canter on and look at the . place.' • Hush ! do you hear P that is thunder,' . said Olive, raising her finger and looking in tho direction of the muttering sound. •Yes, we shall have a storm to-night. But we havo plenty of time to get to the dell and back before it comes. Come alon .' As their horses stretched along in a hand gallop the sun set, and as, turning down towards the river bank, they rode into a grassy hollow, in the middle of which grew a giant gum whose heart had been hollowed out by constant fires, it grew quite dusk. They stopped to breathe their horses for a few minutes, and St. John insisted upon riding up to the tree, and peeping at Olive's old hiding-place. Then, without any warning, tho storm that had been gathering up on all sides began notifying its arrival by a fow heavy drops. • Quick, Olive,' cried St. John, 'jump off and run into the tree. We are going to have a sharp deluge; but it wiU be over in half-an-hour/ Miss BeU was off and into the shelter in a moment. Two could have squeezed in, and she called to her companion that she could mako room for him, but, dcolaring that he did not mind a ducking, he decUned, and sat on his horse, as the rain oame down in torrents, holding the bridle of hers. In five minutes it was blaok as midnight, save when the dell was Ut up by the blinding glare of lightning; and tho horses, turning their tails to tne rushing wind and pelting hailstones, stood motion less ; and St. John, his coat-collar turned up and one hand on his hat, sat still as a statue. Now and then he would lean down and call out, as the thunder crashed in shattering peals all round, •Not frightened, OliveP' but the rush- . ing tempest prevented him catching the steady ' No!' in reply. Eaoh flash showed him Olive sitting crouched in the tree, her riding-whip aoross her knees, and a great . terror smote him at the danger this brave young girl ran in her perilous position in such a storm. He tried to quieten his fears by a theory of probabilities! This . treo, he thought, had stood there probably for seventy or eighty years, and was it to - bo struok on the only occasion in suoh a Ufetime that it was privileged to hide suoh a jewel in its bosom r Of course OUve wae frightened, though she never moved or I spoke, exoept to say ' No' at intervals to his enquiries. And as she sat there she kept her eyes fixed upon the black spot outside where now and again, as the heavens opened, the glare showed her a statue with a white dripping face, with one hand on his hat. The storm lasted longer than St. John promised, but in less tban an hour the thunder rolled away, the rain ceased, and the stars began to peep out. Then Olive came out of her hiding place, and St. John got off his horse and tried to turn some of the water out of his boots. • What a brick you are, OUve. I thought you'd have been terrified/ • Oh, no. But what a dreadful drenching ■ for you!' •Never mind that. We wiU soon get home. Lend me your handkerchief to dry your saddle/ As thoy rode along, the. brightness and frosh coolness of the evening were very refreshing after the sultry day, and Olive said, • What a pity you didn't come into the tree with me! There was heaps bf room/ •No, thank you/ St. John answered, with a laugh. 'Remembering Merlin's fate, I was wise in time/ •And what was Merlin's fateP' ' Don't you remember ? He ventures into a hoUow tree with Vivien to escape a storm, and she works a spell upon him, and shuts him up in the hoUow oak for ever/ ' No, I don't know about it. TeU me the whole story.' 'There's nothing more to teU. The old feUow is there now, I fancy, and so his story is ended. Vivien seemed to think it rather a good practical joke to take in the poor old man, and went laughing down the forest after it/ • But if he was an old fellow the com parison is not a good one.' • WeU, perhaps it fails there. But she was a very beautiful young woman, so that it is true enough in that particular.' • But what was her motive?' asked Mis* BeU, the stan only knowing of the blush on her calm face. 4 WeU, Merlin had a secret, and Vivien wanted to get it out of him, so she worried him in the tree till she found out all she wanted, and then fixed him there with his own secret/ • And is it lest I should find out your secret that you preferred sitting out in the rainP' ' Yes, I think so. For I have a secret, but I'm not going to tell it to you now/ OUvo instantly thought of Rose, feeling pretty sure, if it was the secret she ex- Jected, Rose would soon tell her. But St. ohn was thinking only of Olive. He would not come in when they got to the house, being so wet, and lifted Olivo off at the stable. ' What a brick you are, Olive!' he said, as her ungloved hand rested a moment in his; and, with an impulse he could hardly excuse, ho drew her quickly towards him, and just touched her cheek with his lips. 'I wiU tell you my secret to-morrow, OUve/ he said, as the girl hurried away from him into the house without a word. Chaptbb 111. —Thb Rift in the Lutb. ' Thb storm has frightened you, Olive,' Mr. Bell said, looking up from his paper at his daughter's unusual pallor, as she walked into the lamp light. ' How f ooUsh, my dear, to be out so late. Are you not wetP 'No, papa, I was sheltered. And I was not very frightened/ And she passed to her room to still, unnoticed, tho tumult at her heart. For that light kiss, Uko that which roused the Princess and her court to life, had sud denly waked the lovo that had slept and dreamed so long in this girlish heart. For love of Harry St. John had been there for years ; not as an acknow ledged tenant in full possession, but rather as sentinel to keep the heart vacant, and guard it against other impressions. When Harry had stayed with them years before, ho had seemed to her childish fancy a beautiful embodiment of all that was kind, noble, manly. And, when he left, the world for a tinie grew darker, and although it quickly brightened again there still, as she grew into womanhood, seemed but ono perfect man in it. If she read a book, the author's disguise Pf his hero was pene trated at a glance. It was always the same figure in another situation. Tho author's description went for nothing. Before Olive had read three chapters, the more especially if the said hero promised to be truly heroic, his black hair had turned into a curly brown, and the dark piercing eyes into thoso of. a bluish gray that Olive remembered so weU; but if, in the third volume, he happened to do anything unbe coming a true nero, the brown hair and sray5 ray eyes instantly vanished, for Harry St. ohn, OUve believed, could never do any thing that was not fearless and honest and true. And so she had gone on Uving her young Ufe in a sort of phantasy, loving, without knowing that she loved, this friend who had forgotten them aU, and never wrote a line. But when Harry kissed her, and pro mised to teU her his secret to-morrow, the blind instinct of love told her what that secret was. It had, she was sure, nothing to do with Rose Thornton. This one man in the world for her loved her, else why did he kiss her when he mentioned his secret P He could not have dared to have done that,|olive thought, showing a painful ignorance of the habits of the genus homo, if he had cared for any woman out herself; and that night the fluttered heart so quickened the child's pulses that, failing to ' draw the quiet night into her blood,' she lay tossing sleepless tiU the daylight ■mote on her lattice. The cause of all this perturbation rode home withpleasantest thoughts for company. The calm beautiful girl he had left was the kindest, truest, sweetest in the whole world. Fancy her treasuring up all the scraps of nonsense he had left behind him! Gratified vanity has often much to do with the fint impulse that may be destined to grow into an overmastering passion, and Harry thought with compla cency how long he had dwelt supreme in the thoughts of the frank girl who had grown into such a graceful woman. Yes, she was the one woman for him; and as he thought so he could not avoid a certain feeUng of distasteful boredom at the evening he must pass with Rose. Rose Thornton was the amusement of a summer afternoon; Olive BeU the engrossing delight of a pas sionate lifetime. So at least thought Mr. St. John, as he rode slowly along, amused at the scare his kiss had caused, and think ing how he would teU OUve aU his hopes to- morrow. And then the world intruded, and linked itself insidiously with this new love. Old Bell was well off; Olive his only daughter, and the two boys mere children. If he married OUve, it would be very pleasant for the old gentleman to have him as their superintendent, and give him some share and interest in the station. But, poor or rich, Olive was certainly the greatest brick in the world. Of that there was no doubt. 'What have you done with Ralph?' asked Miss Thornton, as Harry entered, wet and happy. ' Has he not come home ?' ' No. Where did you leave him P' ' WeU, I stayed at HiUstream, and he went on alone.' I • How have you got so wet, then P' I ' OUve and I went out for a ride and got caught in that thunder shower. I have pnly just left her at home/ '■ The rosebud closed rathor tightly. '■ • I don't know that Ralph will be very pleased at his fiance^ riding about at night With other young men. Perhaps he has Stayed to lecture Olive about it now. But bf course that's nobody's business but his.' ! • I should not tbinlc it was particularly his. Miss Bell is never likely to do any thing requiring correction from anybody, and is the last person in the world to allow {-our brother or any other man the privi ege of lecturing hor/ Miss Thornton looked suddenly up with wido blue eyes surprised at the speaker's tone, but he added quickly with a laugh — • Well, if anybody is to be scolded, I suppose it ought to be I. But if Thornton is game to lecture Olive I suppose he is quite welcome, and I admire his pluck/ ' Men are usually " game" to leoture the girls they are going to marry. You don't seem to know that Ralph and OUve are engaged/ Harry St. John felt that his looks betrayed the shock of this random speech. Miss Thornton, with heightened color, was not, however, looking at him, but playing with nervous fingers with the fringe of her dress, as he answered very quietly: 'I did not know it, and I do not believe it/ ' Thank you, Mr. St. John. You mean you think I am not spoaking the truth.'' • I think you are not speaking the truth, because you are not acquainted with tho real truth. Of course I know you would say nothing you believe to be untrue; but in this case I think you have misjudged the circumstances/ •If the matter is of suoh interest to ybu we will not discuss it. ' My brother's em gagement oannot expect everybody's ap proval. He will he' sorry it doer* not meet yours. How drenched OUve must have gotr 7 ■•■■■., Rage and jealousy were not making Rose hate Olive moro than at this moment St. - John hated the former for hervenombus lie. For St. John determined instantly it was a Ue. He knew Olive too well to sup pose she would have left him ih'ignova-aob - qf such an obligation.* But at ail event* ho would set the matter beyond, dpubt on the morrow, by asking OUto the tenth of the story. And so, pleading his drenbhed oondition, he excused himself-for' going thus early to bed, and thus edoa-pea the evening that he now felt would be insup portable. ■ . '■ And yet this delusion, which he knew le be a delusion, he found himself po*werleris to disoard. The very yearning to have- ibe contradiction from her own hps made the night seem endless, till aft last he get np' and leant out of the open window, looking' out to the high forest country beyond Gaydon, envying the placid sleep of the innocent girl who was as restless as: himself. He would say nothing to ]-)alph; he would ask this lntelUgehcdl of no one but OUve herself. Ralph of course must love her, and as ho thought this he remembered how he had found them to gether when he rode up a month ago, and how constantly they had been together sinoe. But OUve had said in her frank Way that Ralph did not count as a beau. She was too true to say a thing she did not mean;; not like this other, ho thought, steeUng his heart against the hapless Rose. The next day was Christmas Day. Mrs. Thornton and Rose went over to Hillstream in the morning early, and Ralph and Harry were to foUow about mid-day. Harry noticed a surliness about his friend that he easily accounted for. Rose had put some jealousy into his head. He haa a perfect right to be jealous, but Harry acknowledged no obligation to Withhold him from winning this beautiful yPung woman if he could. He tried to think he was sorry for his friend ; but let the best man win. His friend too, was scarcely his friend, no close intimacy having ever Sub sisted between them, the nearest tie of friendship being in reality Ralph's relation ship to Rose, whom he had always thought of as a very particular friend indeed. But they rode over together, carefuUy avoiding in their talk any allusion to the young lady' at HiUstream. • I forgot to ask who are to be of the party to-day/ St John said to his companion. 'Noone bnt ourselves, young Stirling, and the new doctor/ • And who is the new doctor P • Yon Steinmar his name is—at least, he says so.' ' How do you mean he says soP 'WeU, there are aU sorts of rumors. They say he had another name in Germany, and that he ran away for murder, anon, bigamy, or something of that sort/ • And how is it tho Bells have him there?' •Because he is a stranger with few friends, I suppose. Besides, he is a plea sant fellow, gentlemanly, and a good musician. You must have seen him surely P" • What sort of man P' i' Big yellow man with a brown dog.' • And he Uves in Gaydon P . •In that cottage near the road, between Hillstream and Gaydon, with the little garden. You can see it now, beyond the ti ces there/ ,It was rather surprising that St. John had not heard of the new German doctor before. The first excitement of his advent had subsided bofore St. John's visit, but, having formed a chief object of specula tion and conjecture for the pnvious three months, it was a proof how occupied St. John had been with pleasantor matters that no scrap of all this gossip had come to him. Dr. Lance, whoso house was tbe most noticeable edifice, after the court-house, in Gaydon, was a married man with a large family, who had been nearly all born m the neighborhood. For before Dr. Lance resumed practice he had been a stationholder within twenty miles of his present residence, and it was when misfortunes compelled him to re linquish squatting that he had taken up again with the profession of his youth. He was popular as a man, but as a doctor people smiled and sAid he was a safe man for' ohildren, and had a fair knowledge of surgery. He was getting old, too, and the activity necessary for a Bush practice had left him, so that any summons beyond an easy radius ran. the risk of being disre saided.5 aided. When, therefore, the German octor suddenly appeared with a brass plate in his portmanteau, inscribed Dr. yon tpteinmar, whioh for the first week he plaoed on the mantelpiece in Job HaU's Sarlor, at which house he put up, there was a eneral feeling that there was room for him to gyrate in the other's orbit without col liding with the elder doctor. In a week he hod established a reputation as a clever practitioner, and Mrs. Lance and the girls Were in a flutter of i-esentment at the in taderof papa's vested interests, who they were oertain had no diploma, or, at best, cjnly- a German one. • '. In the first fortnight of Dr. Steintaar's ib- rival, the gossip of ordinary curiosity Suddenly changed to/the malicious whisper cif -mysterious conjecture. A German <drover, passing with travelling cattle, had recognised the new doctor under the name of Voss, and stated that he had been on the iliry in BerUn when Voss was tried for his ljfe. Dr. Steinmar laughed good-humoredly tht the mistake, and, remarking 'What a droll fellow is this drpver!' invited him into hispri vate at ting-room, where he remained for at least an hour, from whence ihe returned, s lying he was mistaken, .and found be chad x ever sora Dr. Steinniar he/o^e, and was s >rry to have insulted ao good » gentleman. 1 he, doctor, himfplf ttaught the matter an c lijeUent joke, but rumor .haying beefl so jleAsantly excited was not io be entirely a llowed to sluipher, and it WA* said tbat t ie German drover waa ' shputrog' for (*ll t and> at every publ jc on jus road, Mid in c th-er ways; mamfeqtipg a suspicion* nush ress pf mpney. Mrs. Lance made ho ' s sent pf her c^pvietipp thai this ' German ■apothecary.' wm a dangerous criminal, sad believed in hey soul,that his long v hite wristbatids were time worn to con ceal th,e marks gyves had eaten into his ihrists while at work in the galleys: pr ; I ulks, or fhflrever it was German mur derers who escaped tho-hangman expiated t leir crimes. Bu^Dr- Lance recognised a dangerous competitor in this young dootor. Who wae certainty got. -without ability, and hhd,, moreover, abundant energy, and a gjxtd presence. So he took an early oppor tpnjtj of palling on Dr. Steinmar and pro posing a partnership* t.*lio new doctor tbok a week tp ,coi>sider an arrangement tpat would giye him all the work and Dr. Lance half the prpflt, hut at the end of this tone he accepted the latter a proposal, and at once took upon himself all the active ?ork of tite practice, while Dr. Lance dosed his yejanpah oyer,the Queenslander, ye sited h^s.old neighbors to inspect their stud sheep. Mrs. Lance had a rather difficult'part to play, but she made the best peaoe she could with the gentleman she had so assiduously maligned., and, agjhe -*>as uniformly ceujrteous to oil, this was npt sP severe an ordeal as it might have .been tb a woman of such spirit. iOn arriving at Hillstream, St. John,, after, exchanging Christmas greetings with Mr. and Mn. BeU and the boys, looked around for OUve,, maintaining a reticence about her which he felt to be very foolish, and which certainly he would not have thought of doing twenty-four hour* ago. At last Mn. BeU said, 'I am sorry OUve is not well. She will be down, I hope, to dinner; she has such a headache that she cannot raise her head, and is lying down/ 1' How unfortunate!' St. John remarked, With a feeUng of acute disappointment. ' I hope she may be well enough tb appear for the evening. -' Yes, I hope so; she was over-fatigued yesterday. You should not have taken her out for that ride. Brit here is her restorer, I hope. Dr. Steinmar, let me introduce an old friend—Mr. St. John/ As St. John bowed to the yellow man who owned the brown dog, he took a rapid nbte of his appearance. He was tall, very fairy and inclined to be stout. The light yellow hair was worn rather long, and his beard was the palest flaxen. His face was ruddy and his features good, but St. John felt a certain repulsion to some expression of the eyes. They were a light, almost color less, blue, with a shifty unquiet expression, and the doctor had acquired the habit of occa sionally contracting the lids till nothing but the thinnest streak was left to peer through. His dress was scrupulously neat, and his easy manner quite that of a gentleman. Any day mnst seem long, tiresome, and dull to a man who has looked forward to a ! particular enjoyment which he finds palked by accident. He could tell the boys no stories, and the effort was distasteful in his present mood. He had grown suddenly indifferent to Miss Thornton's society, and it was a relief when she and Dr. Steinmar qommenced singing. This German was Evidently a fine musician, and sang and played magnificently. He was modest enough about it, too, and accompanied Miss Thornton with more alacrity than tye displayed in exercising his own rich voice. But it all seemed dull in the extreme to Harry. Had he known that Olive was lying ou her bed, trying to restrain the scalding tears that coursed down her pale cheeks, and gulping down the despair that rose from her heart, his dullness would havo been qhanged to a much acutor sentiment. I And so it really was. That morning no happier girl awoke from pleasant dreams than Olive. A short half hour's chat with Rose Thornton had produced this change. $ose had disclosed St. John's secret. She had begged her old friend to congratulate her. She was sure she was so glad to hear that she and Harry were at last engaged. Harry had no present means, but she could wait till he had procured settled employ ment. She knew she oould trust the loyalty df her dearest friend not to speak of this, as Harry and she had arranged to keep the secret between them for a time. But she was obliged to tell some one, she was so Sappy,' appy, and of course dear Olive was the ttest confidante, though she would not liko Harry to know that she had told her. Olive, with a palor not lost upon her friend, congratulated her, and wished her happi ness, and then stole quietly to her room to sob out her agony. So this was the secret ,he proniiSed with a kiss to tell her ! And g}B she thought Of tho kiss this Judas had betrayed her with it seemed to burn on her cheek like a brand. Why had he dbno this P She had not known she loved him before. yVTiy should he have practised the reckless cruelty of fanning this smouldering love i*oto a flartie that *dras to consume tho hap- Bmess8 mess pf her life. The misery of her empty fe! This man who was all the world! to i ber was never to be anything dearer than . the husband of her friend. But she would dure her love. He had acted a coward's nart towards her yesterday, and contempt should,crush all tne love out of her heart. Very -pale, but quite composed and self contained, was Olive when she walked into the drawing-rbem just as the gong sounded .tb djinner. She shook hands with St. John <aa "flith the 'other guests, and moved in to { <tf n-aer bif. Dr. Steinmar's arm. Palor was not unbecoming to Olive, and in her white dress she looked like a cold statue of JjephtihVidau^ter. She sat between Dr. Steinmar and Ralph Thornton, and Harry, , sitting opposite, quickly divined there was something more than a headache to account fyr j^er avoidance of any notice of him. And so.she continued to avoid him all the : evening. There was some singing, the dpcrtpr and Miss Thornton being the chief performers, tUI Mn. Bell pressing St. John tp sing he came to Olive with a piece of . music in his hand and asked her to play . h|s acopmpaniment. She rose without a word, and taking the musio without even looking a^ him sat down to the piano. St John's voice was good, though rather un tutored, and the song, at that time a new one, -was " The Message." .Miss Proctor's words seemed to Olive strangely incon gruous, full as her heart was with disap pointment and misery, and it required an effort to remain at the keys as St. John ■ing— I had a fnimge to aend ber S* t*nd*r, trn*, sail *w**t, I )o*|wl for *a angtl to bc*r it And lay it down at ber teat. And I know tbat at Urt my roe-tog* Hai u)M*d through the golden gate, 80 my Mart i* no longer netleea, Aad I am oont*nt to wait. While everybody was applauding the song. Dr. Steinmar accosted the performers as the accompanyist rose from the piano, • What a delightful song, Mr. St. John, and exceUently sung. You must let me copy it. Is it not pretty, Miss BeU P' *I don't tnink gentlemen should sing sentimental songs,' Olive repUed indiffer ently. 'It always sounds to me rather ridiculous.' St. John felt his face flush at this studied iricivility. OUve was certainly angry with him. - This could not be all on account of that fooUsh lass—unless —unless Rose Thornton's story was true. He moved after her tUI she stepped on to the verandah, and then said in a low voice, ' You are cross with me, Olive; and I hive not told you the secret I promised I would/ ' Don't teU me/ she answered; ' I never could keep a secret. Besides, it oould have nb particular interest for me/ !She was off in the dark like a vanisliing ghost, and appeared no more that night. As St. John rode home he made up his mind Rose's story was true, and Olive was resenting his advances of yesterday; and he determined to stay no longer to court the misery of disappointment. The next diy but one he was off. Olive was ill when he called at Hillstream to say good bye ; and an indescribable dreariness fell upon St. John as he rode slowly past the lagoon and away from the old house to sqek hia fortunes in a trip to the Far West. 1 [to be cormnvso sa oub but.] 