) OUE AMATEUR THEATEICALS AT BOOLONa. f lie jests at sears who never felt a woiinil — RosiEO, < One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, r of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, / was when he made his first and only appearance as an ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his \ own house in Booloug. He, for some unk nown reason, nad . conceived that he was horn to he an actor — to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar dehCvt. On fiuding the Melbourne and Sydney ) managers unwilling to give a ;perfect novice with blearing w red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he . resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down at his place at Boo long. He went to enormous expense > in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having ) scenery .painted— for Banbury was determined to do the I thing/weU and in tip-to'p style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious ainateurs, eager to fret their hour upon the ' stage," and one or two seely outcasts of the Iprofession ; I aiid he looked forward to the production of his pet play, ( " Hanileti!' himself as the Prince, with much excitement, hot unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's constant.,rehearsal, were, pretty perfect in their ( words before the curlain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. ;The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, and the Xwii'.dikoyisei;- Ojyhelia, an amateur, ( burst into, a nervous fit. of. tears before she said a dozen lines. Banburyiwas'roareh at by' the local personages who ' .assembled to' assist a"t the amateiir perfbrmiincc. But this I was not therworst, for' Banbury .found that 'when the bills came in the expense. 'vvas.lnvice asdargc as he had expected, ' and he could hot. meet theni". 1" The fellows," he used to say, " allowed ine to have whatever I wanted on credit, because - they knew that:m;y rich uhcle in Adelaide, a strict Method ist, would pay them,' but I. knew very well he would do no such' thing when he found .'they were for theatrical tr.ap- pings, for if there was one 'thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre; " ' What: wais he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out.of the house ho had furnished for him, and send him>adri.ft oil the world. What w.as he to do His creditors would not wait and he would be a miserable pauper; But Jor -all this he- did not lose his house, .and- ;hm- poor unele'sfortune is; in the bank in his name, thanks tprthetirnelyiaid of gn&/ivho; is a friend to the drama as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced him the needful. Need we'say his name. No ; all know him 1; rBtit we may as well- remark if Was the champion of the distressed, ... " , sireer.cMb''.. Who has from,»i5.to AlQ,000 ,to,lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with 'of'',Syithout .security), salary, .orders, life policies, certificates, ''deeds, bill of iading, legacies, goods, merchandise', on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled' to frpm-Englarid and elsewhere, etc., repayable to' siiif the cbhyenietice ,'of borrowers,' . Bills discounted'd.aily-at 'the lowest r.ate of interest, and mor (gages from (J per cent;'' 