Mxi mh fptwwr* Old gent to boy, who is smoking the end of a cigar he has picked up — *' Ugh, for shame ! throw that nasty thing away.' Boy — ' What f for you to pick up aud smoke, eh ? Uar-arn, I know yer !' A lady, having attempted to explain tli3 new birth to a class of lads at a Sunday-school, asked cue whether he would like to bo born again. *' Ko,'3 was the reply. ' Why not, my boy ?' enquired the teacher. ' Acos I might be born a girl,' answered the boy. A maiden lady said to her little nephew, ' Kovi-, Joluiay. you go to bed early, aad always do so. and you'll be rosy cheeked and handsome when 5 ou grow up. Johnny thouglit over this a few inimtes and then observed,' V/ell, aunty, you must have &at; up a good deal whea you were young.' Three Irishmen who had drunk pretty freely of whisky at a tavern ia Dublin where loud iu their praise of its virtues as they reeled along the banks of the Liffey. One of them had just declared that ' whisky was meat aud drink to a man,7' when his foot slipped aud he fell into the river. 4i There, Pat,' said one of his friends, ' you are fully provided for ; you had meat aud driuk.now you have washing and lodging !' ' Ah !' says a French builder of sherry cobblers iu Chicago when the day is warm, ' ?would unzerstaud how I makes him, eh ? See ! Into a vase ze juice of ze orange with ze pips all remove is squeeze— zo! Therein of sugar, powdered white— zo ! Anodder spoonful — zis time of brandy; zen a glass of claret, zome sherry, an' zome Malaga wine — zo! Pass ze serr.c'from glass to class, wiz ice as a pigeou's egg, air preciptote ze whole in zome cool glass wiz :ie strawberry an' ze slice of peach for per fume— zo ! Now, shud ze eyes an' driuk him all — 20 ! Are you thirsty f Zo !' A tutor of one of the Oxford Colleges, who limped in his walk, was some years after ac costed by a well-known politician, who asked him if he was not the chaplain of the college at such a time, naming the year. The doctor replied that he was. Interrogator observed, ' I knew you by your limp.' 'Well,' said the doctor, ' it seems my limping made a deeper impression than my preaching.' 'Ah, doctor,' was the reply with ready wit, ' it is the highest compliment we can pay a minister to say that he is known by his walk rather than by his conversation.' ' Do you believe in ghosts, Mrs. Partington ?' was asked of the old lady, somewhat timidly. ' To be sure I do,' replied she, ' as much as I believe that bright fulminary there will rise iu the yeast to-morrow morning, if we live and nothing happens. Two apprehensions have sar tintly appeared in our family. 'Why, I saw my dear Paul, a fortnight before he died, with my own eyes, just as plain as I see you now, and it turned out arterwards to be a rose-bush with a night-cap on it ; I shall always think, to the day of iny desolation, that it was a forerunner seut to me. 'Totlier one came in the night when we were asleep, and carried away three candles and a pint of- spirits that we kept iu the house for an embarkation. Believe in ghosts, indeed! I guess I do ; and he must be a dreadful styptic as doesn't.' A hatter in Dundee, ' three sheets in the wind,' on a very stormy night attempted to put up his shutters.The wind, which blew a perfect hurricane, caught the shutter, and, making a lug-sail of it, the hatter found himself in the middle of the street before he brought up. LoMHg Ms reckoning, the man. of hats steered his course to the opposite side, where he very considerately put the shutter on the window of a baker's shop. Having accomplished this feat, the hatter deliberately walked into the baker's shop to get the other shutters, when, lo and behold, his stock of hats had been at once transformed into loaves of all shapes and sizes. Staring at the strange phenomenon, all that the amazed hatter could do was to exclaim, ' 'Well, Tm Mowed !' ' There is no mistake about that, anyhow,' remarked the baker. ' You just take off that shutter and be blowed back again.' Just before dinner yesterday a woman entered a butcher's shop with snapping eyes, and as she slammed a tin dish down on the counter, hissed out, ' Mince-meat, is it ? Why don't you call it slop, or stuff, or hen-feed?' 'Yes, that is some of our mince-meat,' replied the butcher. ' I remember your buying this yesterday.' ' I bought this hash for mince-meat!' she ex claimed. 'It is called mince-meat, madam.' 'But it tastes like sawdust and pork scraps chopped together !' 'I shouldn't wonder if it did ; but you see most nobody understands that readyniade mince-meat is sitnply a nucleus to rally ou. It is the foundation, as it were, of a good thicg. You waut to add more meat, bread crumbs, raisins, some brandy, a little cinnamon, a few c'oves, a sprinkling of sugar, a trifle of spice , and you can't fail to have good meat.' 'Then why not make my own mince-meat?' she shrieked. ' Why not ? We keep it on sale Binipiy as an objective point to rally on.' ' Well, you can rally on this,' she firmly said, turning the dish upside down on the couuter. ' Just as you desire, madam,' was the affable reply, and when she reached the door and turned back, that butcher still wore the same kind and patient smile. H. bad a case on the docket iu which, among other things, he wished to prove that his client had no money, and - to that end he crossques tioned one of the opponent's witnesses as fol lows : — ' You asked my client for money, did you not?' 'Well — yes, sir.' 'Answer promptly, sir. Let us have no hesitation. You asked him for money — now what was his answer r1' ' I dou't know as I can tell.' 'But surely you caa re member'!'' 'Yes, sir.' 'Then out with it. What was is answer?' 'I'd rather not tell.' 'Oh! oh'. You are on that tack, are you?' You wou't tell?' 'I should rather not, si'-.' 'I should rather you would! So, sir, if you do not answer my question promptly and truthfully I'll call upon the Court to commit you for con tempi.' ''Well, sir, if I must tell tales out of school, here you have it. I asked him yesterday if he could lend me half-a-crown, and he told ma he couldn't.' ' And you believed him, did you not I'' ' Yes sir, for he said you had robbed him of 'every farthing of his ready money, and if he dida'tget out of your hands pretty soon his wife and little ones would come to— ' 'That will do, eir. You can step down.' 