CHIP S FROM Aso lpi.7's \- P?CKe T BOOK. _ Caa'.rea, IT. Mondany, 6tl".- A: 'vessel; which proves It be tle Abergehllieo fronia Sydney, las been in sight all day at I distance, I helreve,,oF 8 to,2(1 miles to windwardl. Wednaelay, 8thb.-Tlhia morning, after returnling from my bantl-for I still continue it without fail-Sandy exclaimed, ";Hlollo! you've gotr oppo sition-tlhere's a r!val ghost on the otlher sile!" "Wha"' a shl. aid "The other filddler," lhe answered. " 1VWhy," Tr rellied, " tile anilors will think fiddling nnd coll waler run to-. getler,." BV thelar.ITryLwn pleantrintly:. surprised tha other ,day-by Plateur entering my ralbin and nlshilng me to accept ti strange;-.looking con-, glemerotion , of. wood .and iron. I thouglht it first that ii was nn' implement .of warfare, butll die.= covered hlllt it undid itself in ai most ingenious manner and formed a very serviaglotble mlusic stand. My. friend lrhd notelll ein enerly diolocat log my nekr irl natemptilg to ien?d li? violin mulsid, nand?l indlr'-naliitfien u redl Ihlis from 4ialah materials as were at band. " Friday. lOih.-T--Tarro ,ns na.concert* In the enloan iolaigllt for thle benefit of thle Seaman's Orlphanage. Two of the yolng iltlies anlg pnrticnlarly -well,, both in lhelduel "Pa'nes to thy Spirit". (Tronvnlasn) and the solos " To tIhe Woolds" nd " Raly;". llr t tIe favourlte willh the niajnrity ot Ilip audience was a lady wlho snang ".'The Union Jack of Old Englndal," n il'orie of the, populna: frashy, Mnggio Moore style ofsonRgs thechiefapnolgy for Iher suceess beinig the spirit ~whiclh lshe threw inlto'tliem. while "Slaellback"-n nickname for an old eailor, whlloee back is supposed" ti be coverdld with harnacles - spun several .aIggh/yarns- coneerning.srailors' life on bshmad a man.of-war in a very pleoaing njnnoer, of which I may quote the follojving:-Young Boxer, tile midlsipr?an,- wlho. lad - been left- in. clhargo ,of tle .quarter-deck, while the ollicer?;?n duty retired at 7 bells to " splice' tile mnlnhrirce," or, iii othll?i words, to hove n nip and a biequit, was always anxious to sport his brief authlority:a .iio wlhenevor Boxer was on dutly, there was always somethingto be donle. "O one ocrnsion they were sniling 'nlonri ?ithi nfair 'wind undeic full ennvos, when Boxer spied a small cloud on tio horizon nbnout tile size of a man's bland. Anxious-,to avert thle coming disaster lie olrdered tile bo'swain to pipe the watch--anbout 50 men-on dreck. Walien m?alitered - Ihis orders were', " lo's'n." " A'y,. y," sir'." " Sertn nll hands aloft to take dlown Ilhe main'fo'-gallant sluntnoils I" . A.l Ay ny, sir!" And. in -na feiw 'ectonds the rigging was . darkened withll a perfect crlolwil of men going aloft to execute the cllhief's commands. It so a hanlpernedatliCatthe: nptai enrme one . deck just then, and nllhoughll he mode it atnYile never ito interfere witlh Iris effllers on ordinary ocensinnei heecoulad not understand the saludden commotion, and.p.koJd MIr.- Be3zer. what was the "Squall coming, on,' salrr: oing: to take down the main to' gallsnat stune' Is" " Whaln sending up all ilisoe men to take in a .pocket-hanilkercllief,.liko that? W'hy, half tlhat numnlor would be more.thirll enoilgh." . :; lIeanwhllle, thle.,men .hearing. thoe. coll?ql'irain u tl qi'e-h"tir-;ledek," us. pected thait tlere was sometlling wrong, and most of them gladly reized tile opportunity to'slip adown agiin oni deck. Little Borer,: not observing this, called to the bo'swain, H'How many men liive"yod u 'i ttlihre?" STThreeshir','" replied bos'n...,: Wihererpon Boxer, in necordaneo itll his direcrtins;,' reored, " Send hlalfr of them danwn,'.:. naachl .to. t.he amnarsement o thei onlorokeis 'nfd tlio discomflture of the rflicer. ' . i u.a.mulnrtion of the saloon the.Yankee doctor- bionucht ort an extranrdinary bill tblt morning, whidh in fittn miniilsr; conmposion , and.. caligrallhy was. decidedly uniqnie., It was certainly supposed;to bu. burlesque,: but;sneitherr burlesque nor Americanisms can he enflicient excuse for taiot nii?.litlollngs which stocnk ont..very cdeciledly in several saipts;' Some of those who had lpremised. to'assist felt annoyed at being mixed up in such a performance, while l-thers, gind of fhe opportarnit·to tdis ilay their. owna wit- and- tllheir spite fur the do~ior, wrote an addendllm to the effect tbal the proceeds of hoe' concert weould be devoted to" purchasing tihe prnnoiatir a'iEnglish grammar and a dictionary, at tile sime time- adding sn, aeroatla which . hnd. evidently been writtei hbfarebnhid, and which, curious to relate, exlhiblled the snme'failing tlhat wois?itiriized;:" Of ooiirae the dnaotrr wios very. muelh annoyed; spoke verybhitterily, and vowed that he.would ?'.knock sparks" ont of the perpetrator if he could dis Saturdny lttIlTiih ' 'e ?ncrt pro. gramme and its aommernts'hlave been Iorrl.adowrn, but an amlsiing series of cartoons, replaced-tlrem tll ,tnoamping, thIe bit of ilrhleh Is a grave looking lgure,'with a'donkry'slulrad iantn'd 'ir a iIl'aIl; ''nd' alivlng. iheo " Englishl prammar' under-foot, while "L'Tommy thd'.'coik". writh Ilis mousntaeh ,atna tia'dtbiig fork is tfliali'g in tlhe air, (accordlng to playbill progranritre) and various perlformers inclultlinr tIhe Pro. fessorfwltlh Irls spectrl?cles, and violin, arround the point de resistare, Thi. isthlio secoal time I lavser bieen i.mmor tallzed, the first neenasion being repre. sented by a " Letllro orn' Dnllorgli I-f ' Sunday, 12th.--Thlio mornirg about i,,o'alock, most of the pnssrngers mustered on dtck to htnve a view \- of tIe' irelanls, Snn Dih'gn de RnmIre * has far as I can disrcover tla, name-a gronp of rorky islets S-warming uth eon.birdls, and altnllnd. f?Ip , a gunaO., They Ife t~2'h. wrmst ,of. * . r. a ..? , . -' .... - a., .. ,i' Bx I. llthe !rn^ sal w 'p;ssetil qnitsciio to 1ilenl. The dny provnl very mild in -t tihe ili,,', we* I'ave hal for weeks, i-l very onne remedi happy for we S.il liaifIi teitl In'a we hadl rioal oil the most Foutherly point in "ior j"mrney, and -nw tll llip'n-nose '. uhfl beL turned lhotn'ewirl;. -Oir we,-l's rin-has been 1709 miles, and thus our % lihle run to the hom is 6010 Iiles lat. 56deg. 17mlii. S loin.67deg. 86mln.' l i ; ' MMolndny 13th.-I ;onturrd to spenk to a Germnis i lady ti-dlnv, , hll is in very poor lheilthi,and .ery seldlim appeals ob deck. Slhe expressed her pleasure in haingilg the opportunity of convers ill- wi.il me, and was gould enough to compliment my Germnau pronunclaltion. In the nvening there was an eitenipor oneoia enneert got up in place of the ,nlie wlyicllnhadlHllen'ithroilgh.- Ono ol thl lendivg chnracters; wn Tantler, gen rrally known us "estnres' on ntcount if hils presiding in tld- store-room. who tilsgsa very fir comic soiig. Sluie one tonk the olpportlniy of propoitndiin Iher-fllo% ilig, "'ITommy, sny.s,thisaia tiej (lotlile selhili tlinit lo ever sniled " hnwl is thait?" camo'.fr6m nil l'ides;', ciBe-; clluseiL._cn on ly muster sevenpence between crew and Fpsseongers-n tonnecr and a penny I "" I ,omitted"to. mention. a alight -dis ngreement that occurred on Saturdany between tile bonsitwnin nd one of the uen, ili ichlic I was inmplicated in a very unexpected m niner. ::I-i was .'calnlly studying helow wlion one of the passen. gerq brought. donn my camip.clair, suffering from a compot.nd fracture of the leg. It appears tile two men hlad beni 'fighlting, sd came-down ker-flop on my clihir, to 'Iliesaviiig of their iheads, but the detriment of my property. I hopel my friend- Proteus, who nlun lately Aidded to"ny movable property tb the exteit of a sardine lox, ouap.disai, llid a swinging hnok-shelf, -will-be able to reduce the frncttiro, nid enable imy chhir to nfpear on deck again i n a stato of convalescence, \----Tueesday,.14thl.--Llinven.ot.gsyet mentioned file fact that the stenmn condenser which works by a idonkiy engine, apparently, just over my Iead, causes n .everlasting tremor, and noise from 5, .m., to 6 p.m., much ltotlie annoynnce of many panseng'eis.. With: met it has Lecomo a second nnture, nlnd I sleep pilay, or write through it witl thle grentast indifiTrence. In fact yes-, terdlay when the engine stopped, 1 fel just as I dil at Wallinlla on: Sunday when .tih batteries. cened, as if there wero sometliing deficietit.: Itwnasonly this moraing when I was about to as cend for my 'matutinnl nblutionltllnt. the silence snnk into my soul, for :1 then discovered tllat.4.(lre: wnu no water, nnd ns,a:eonsequience, "Io deck washing ntid no bathi. . The moral is a recurrence ;:'to"!in favorioe maxim. "' tlingscatiitnever be so bad, but they might liave been worse. c " '"'r?; Sunday, 191 h.-'During ithe *pnst eiglht days I .tliik .'we hiave haId lhe most,vntlced' e.perinncie of our voy ago up to ithi present time. ...Froum le gecnial siummer.zephiyrs of. lnstiSun. day, tle ,wiud .:increaseil rapilly in stielgtil witli, odccnslo iil iillsp inilil we rencliedloirihiglist" iarn of 301 knots on Tlihrsdany ' tlidrwthliewinln chopped) round,.npd yesterdnli fnltnd 'u' *fo':lilie first timolli till s,'jlt fii ledi, sitnming att tlhree- quarter spe ed i'ct"ib teeth of the wind. Lastnltght we got inlo n hIleavy,,.sel, ltll searcely ally ny wilnd, tlln't Fe'tmc?'ciniig iup from e al.llds, anl tle vessel is pitching i?uand ilollilg' in t(le most inehriated lituniiler, niiicli to tile eltritn 'tit. 9of tilnwroe iind crocktry .'itii7t .lielr'contents, wllich seem pcerpettlanltly.ilnten on nuiicg-int. cursions into foreign-relgons in untex peeled nviunelinciese: while'overhead the de(cks i-lo r quoite nmobitd' foi tlie:-t drolps of wtiter flint fall: almiot liko a rain sllotei, fritm th'i"ligging nndol cliins' wliere tlini y:fiy fiog i"Wcndonstingon its own account. e To-day's run 106 knots, is tlip stmnllest vao Iive yet inade, .th totbnl fir the week 1532 nrtid ol6u poslitlon .o33-S. Ltt. Lon. 37-5. W. 'I " 'To be continited-: ?-!. 