TALES & SKETCHES IN THE_DARK. In Seven Watches. - By It. E. Fkancillon, Author ofOlympia," ?" l'carl and Emerald,.' "Earlt ? Dcr.e," " Zclda's Fortune. &c.; ; ' ? .[CO'PTRIOHT,]' FOUETH WATCH-NIGHTFALL.--Contimieti. But, though Zora did not Jove J ohn Malcolm, itwasnatural enough that John Malcolm should fchinV go. All his talk had fallen on more than Trilling ears j arid when lio had spolcen of love in his -way, he thought lumself veil content for the time with her no answer. Silence implies assent all over the world-and then his love for her was one that craved less for lovo back than-to make her happy. It wanted fire as yet; but then nothing is less apt to take fire than the sea, and nothing is deeper. He, too, was in the lime tree avenue; and also with a lady-Madam Castelar. VYou: are a noble young man!" she was saying, with enthusiasm. " That is better than luci,' even! It will be bitter pain to me to part from Zora-my only child, and all I have to live for. But it is true: she has lost her luck; and what is to become of her? Mine went long ago/. - But this will resign me to all." : " You think there is no chance of her saying K"0?^:.V: V'i"' » ".In my - country girls do not refuse their mothers, monsieur." But in my . country men: like Yet said to themselves." . ' - Well, itis all the same. So that is settled, then.' Of course you are aware that Zora is young, and might look forward to a higher, at any rate; to a richer marriage. But better she could not have made, I am sure." John Malcolm waB a little puzzled, but not disagreeably. If he had applied to Madam Castelar all at once as the most active partner in Penrose and Company, he could have under stood her easy assent very well, and the value of her higher motives; for a man of his stamp knows pretty well that he is at little disadvan tage compared with Italian dukes or Russian princes, and tliat women of hers value a count ing-house in Mincing Imne fully as much as a palace on Lago Maggoire. Nor did it occur to aim that Madam Castelar might consider a connection with herself so unmarketable a com modity as to take the first chance of a sale that offered. On the contrary, he knew well enough that no, connection is unmarketable; and that Zora might really look high enough if cleverly managed.. What puzzled him was that the mother, thinking his whole' fortune should lie in the proceeds of a broken rouge-et-noir bank (lightly come, lightly gone), should fling at hia head a beautiful girl with whom she might hope ere long to set no inconsiderable portion of the marriage market on fire. Could it be that, Madam Castelar believed him to be born so infinitely, better than rich-that is to say so lucky--that he was a good investment in him self, independently of all other things? He had seen something of her superstitions about lucky .things and people on the- first night of his arrival -at Deusatz-so it must be that, he "'Thra, Yfta&vm;, with your leave, I will find | Zoral";. .':- .. :: .' . . It .was not anunwise marriage that hein tended-r-except so . far as it might astonish Phineas Penrose," and Phineas Penrose rather enjoyed being astonished by John Malcolm. . It was the recreation of a life that had no other, and supplied what novel-reading, play-going, and church-going are to others. There were no relations to object to such a marriage-and, if there had been, he would not have cared. The girl!.was good and he loved her-that he knew; and his dash of chivalry would not let him think that to save a good girl whom ono loves from' an evil life is unwise, though it might be a little troublesome. It is true that many think trouble and unwisdom synonyms, even when they think they love; but tliat is a matter of opinion. Wo are concerned only with John Malcolm's. He went to look for Zora, not in the Kursaal, for Madam Castelar had given up her faith in the luck of innocence since the breaking of the bank by a man whom she assumed in licr ex perience to be, by right of sex, incapable of in nocence, but first of all along the lime avenue and farther in what was called the garden-a long gravel terrace with shrubs, where a band played. He did not find her, and was disap pointed. His grand question was eager to leave his tongue, and there is invariably a dis agreeable presentiment connected with not finding instantly what ono is looking for. Per hjps, very likely indeod, he had missed her in toe limo avenue, as she was not listening to the band. - . . . Do people know what a slave love is to outer influences-as much as the tide is to the moon ? ^advancing and retreating waves! its ebbs and flows, even when, the sea is deepest. John Malcolm was old enough to have been unable to give the girl his heart at all without'! filing it all, and he could givo no more. But | to-nighttho music and moonlight and tho full per fume of the limes felt intensely like the"dream of eTtl he foresaw for her, and suggested the atmosphere of open, silent sunlight, and of mayfiovicrs, into which he longed to deliver vUv* '^lero TO18 alwuys a'sort of intoxication about tho air of Deusiltz in full spring, and °whe seemed nil at. once to see into the hollow < , ox it all, lie; too, thought of Zora as the "jmc of a busy life; bnt?he felt like a con general who knows of no foot whereat , ky the laurols 'he gathers,"arid not the. less wcausc hcnvnB bufca general-morclmnt. sCom B ^ its battles, and, it seems, ita romance chivalry.- To*night love was'iiijfull We and at tho ninth wa>e. walked to the end of the lime walk mid back again. Still she was not. there. It wa9 strange, unless she were playing liide-and-Beek purposely, . for there ma nowhere else for her. to he. . " Good evening, monsieur," said a dry voice just behind him. He turned round- it was only the self-created count of fclio peerage of the green table,. Comtc de Roulette and Mar quis do Rougc-et-Noir. "Good evening,",said Malcolm, like a stiff Englishman. Ho quickened, his stop a little, but the count quickened, his also. "Pardon me," said the count politely, taking a pinch of snuff. " I quit© perceive you are in a hurry-perhaps this is your lucky hour. But i I must first ask you a question.". "By all means," said John Malcolm, re j signed, and feeling that to-night was not to bo the dato of his winning Zora. I " You'have been making a long promenade this evening, monsieur-I have watched, you." "Thank you for your interest. But may I ask why?" . ^ " Assuredly, monsieur. You are a gentleman arid a man of honour; they are rare at Deus&tz;, at most places for that matter-^-and it is not always a knavo who has two namcB." "Monsieur!" "It is perfectly true. I know some who hold different theories; but I am always' frank, even to rashness-I find it answers "admirably. It acts marvellously for throwing people off their guard. I am going to be frank with you, arid there is no reason for your, not being frank , with me. I suspect an aliat, but I respect an I incognito. Yours is an incognito." j " May I ask you to tell me at once what you mean, and what interest you can have in my j affairs ?-No; he never drinks anything but eau sucreehe added mentally. " Most assuNgUy, monsieur. / You know Mademoiselle Gistelar-she interests you. It ! is natural. Shells natural, and charming." John Malcolm1 grew pale, first with presenti I ment and then with anger. " May I ask you to leave my affairs s alone ? j And Mademoiselle Castelar's also, if you please." But his heart sank a little. Was the count | about to slander, or-warn ? "Most assuredly you may, monsieur. Ques | tions are always free. You are looking for ' Mademoiselle Castelar. But it sometimes hap I pens that, in searching for one thing, one finds another. I had my reasons for letting you search for me j the method you took was the I best for me. You have not found her?" " Good evening, monsieur. If- you want to ! find Mademoiselle Castelar, there is nothing to prevent you." "Most assuredly nothing." He quickened his pace to keep up with MtUcolm. "You have not found her-that is well. But have you, in the course of your search, met with a recent arrival in Deusatz-so recent and so presum ably confined to this not well lighted avenue | that you alone have had the chance of meeting him ? I, none-for he knows me somewhat too well. Monsieur is a rapid walker-no matter, so am I. I mean a tall man; broad shouldered, long limbed; eyes, black and bright j hair, dark brown j nose, long and aquiline; mouth, full and large; compaction, dark and pale "' "I am not accustomed to draw up passports, monsieur." He was getting very angry; but it was his way to keep his temper-till the last straw. And thatjliad not yet quite come. ^ " But I-assuredly not, Monsiour Mai-mon sieur. You have not seen him then:, then J he has not been here for half an hour. In fact, I majr. say admirable. He will have the start, and will not have been seen." A terrible suspicion rushed into tho mind of Malcolm. He faced round upon the count " Tell me instantly what all this has to do with! Mademoiselle Castelar." - . "Most assuredly, monsieur. Frankness is my principle, when it costs nothing. - It costs nothing now. And it is my duty to servo a gentleman and a man of honour. That man is ' Maurice Pascal." " Maurice Pascal ?" " You have never heard of that name ? - Nor of the Marquis de Montmorency ? Perhaps then of Sir Williamson? Perhaps of the Cavaliere de Nigra? No? > Never mind-they I are all the same." . "But who is he?" : I "Ho is, purely and 6iinply, the grandest rascal on this side of the Rhine. ' It is true, he is not a Marquis nor a Sir, but it is true lie is a chevalier-d'industris, monsieur. He forges. That is his trade; and he forges well. I will say that for him-very well. I could not do it better, if I triqd. It is right you should know, , for he may yet Jive to forgo tho honourable signature of Penrose and Company. Ho lias I but one fault-one weakness, I should say; it is the green table. Ho cannot keep away; i but ho has kept away; and that has been a hint, monsiour. I have been at Deusatz; he has I hot;' I thought it strange. By-and-by I watched Mademoiselle Castelar, as you may havo done, monsieur. And I watched her system-it was Maurice Pascal's very own. Ah 1 Monsieur is interested ?. The system of Maurico Pascal to In ace, monsiour. ' And then II guessed-I introduced myself to madomoiselle. I talked1 of politics. She was interested in, I politics for one of her age. Forty.is the ago of apoliticienne. Has monsieur ever talked poli j tics with Madomoiselle Castelar?k . No? It matters not-I found out a great deal. In brief,, j monsieur, this rogue, Maurico Pascal, us he ! could not show himself at one tablo in Europe, had mado this girl play for linn ;. and ho had bdiiehthcr" ; The last straw was very near now. . * . < ."pardon jne, monsieur.: Bought,..her with telling her he was a hero and a martyr, and slio must .wm for a great cause. It is'an pld.deyice, monsieur-I. know it well. It-is veiy good.for .very young girls and for womon of -a certain 'age-when.tho romance is coming, and,when it is going: it .is: all one,: monsiour.; . And so Maurice Pascal would not be fur, away; He was not faraway."^ - v J.. : Tho count took a pinch of snuff and looked at Malcolm with composed triumph that needs ho boast to better it. :" Pardon me, monsieur,0; he continued, " if. I perceived a; certain interest you took in. Made moiselle Custelar. And pardon me if I am acquainted with . Madam Costelar.! She is a ?woman who is so clover that-well, it is easier to know licr than a fool. It is very hard to know atfool. And when I heard from a friend in Yertbourg; that Sir WiUiamson was there 'ah!-and was to marry--my friend is a priest in St. Hildegund, monsieur-then, ulia, said X. If we do not stop him too soon, nor let ? hiux tliink, he will be, in Yertbourg for the sake of Mademoisclle'Castclar. It was good you would marry her, monsieur.: It brings things together, and saves time." , . , - " Good-God!r \Vho arc you ? " u Scliauffenstcin, monsieur. . Agent o£ police in the service,of his. High Mightiness Grand | 'Duke of Deusatz. Accept my card." ! " A mouchard 77 . ,j " At your scrvice, monsieur." ? 1 John Malcolm did not stop to think why or wherefore he hadbcen taken into confidence by an agent of police. If he had, he would, no doubt, have easily accounted for it on the score of that vanity -which is a distinguishing feature of the typical detective, and leads to frankness when, as Herr Schauffenstein had put it, there was nothing to lose. He was only filled with the thought of Zora, carried off by a scoundrel. He understood it all-or thought so. But what would have led some men to cast her off and forget her for ever, only induced this eccentric tradesman to endeavour to save her all the more. Less important-perhaps-was it to save'Zora from her mother than from Maurice : Pascal. There was only one thing to be done. - No! doubt the police agent was right- Zora would j be found at Vertbourg, if anywhere. He waited ' only while a horse was. saddled, and to write a note to Madam Castelar, telling her to apply ' forinformation about Zora to the police agent, , whom he did not warn of his departure. He ' had to guard about Zora's arrest, as well as i , ensuring her safety. - .. 1 But, what with one thing and another, his<; Eursuit was long delayed. For speed's sake he 1 ad better have applied to Herr Scliauffenstein | after all. It seemed as if some ill-natured demon in the pay of Maurice Pascal liad been set to interfere with him-and, perhaps, the seeming was not very wide of the mark; men like Maurice Pascal, in places like Deusatz, know how to keep back other people who want to ride their way. There was no railway to Deusatz in those days, and even now a good horse can gallop faster than that slowest of German lines. And it was by no means a good i i horse that was brought him. If the offer was made to delay him, it overshot its mark-it was the most wretched of impossibly wretched screws. It seemed as if Deusatz were a knacker's yard, and that no horses were there but such as were past riding. At last he managed to find one that might cany him fairly to the first stage. But by the time he was fairly on Ms road it was already day break, and the sun would rise before long. Deusatz was famous for its roads, and that to Vertbourg was one straight stretch for miles one of those painfully direct raids that seem to end in a point in the horison closing up an otherwise infinite vista of cherry-trees, and, while actually reducing distance to a straight line, giving it the appearance of eternity. It was a sweet, fresh morning indeed, full of the breath of pines: an infinite contrast to the close air of Deusatz that fell farther and far ther behind him. But Yertbourg was far to come, and Maurice. Pascal, however he^ might be journeying, had full four hours'start, and more. , .\ Not-Yertbourg-three leagues beyond. John . Malcolm had a good horse now. A man can't bribe all the ostlers in the world when a man with a larger purse is behind him. It was still the great high road, but the eternal cherry-trees had come to an end; it was forest W either side, and the scent of the pines loaded ;the afternoon. And here, three leagues beyond jVertbourg, John Malcolm saw a post-chaise in wMchhe know, without telling, rode Ms double quarry. In that country post-chaises crawl like snails. But this particular post- chaise, with its two horses, went at double gallop-the driver/must be expecting fourfold drink money. That was enough for John Malcolm to know who was in it, without telling. For, in order that he could have overtaken it thus far, it must have doubled its pace on his account. He doubled his own, and kept even distance for a quarter of a mile. Then the pace of the two horses began to tell against the one. Inch by inch, then foot by foot, then yard by yard, he could feel the distance enlarging between the ono horse and the two. His own was but a hired hack, though a good one, and did not answer with intelligence to tho spur. He gal loped, but the post- chaise seemed: to fly, and the dust rose like a cloud between. ? - . . ; ; . Suddenly-what accident" could have hap-1 pened? The chaise came to a stand: John Malcolm seized tho chance, whatever it- was j I 'and dashed on. The dust cleared, and then tie saw two men on horseback in front of the post clmise, and'immediately behind , them-though he did not notice it; then-n post like a barber's pole, " painted in '"spiral stripes of white and green, at the side of the road. \AOne of tho men dismounted and came to the carringo door. Tho other lmd the bridles of his-own' horse and his companion's. "And then, j thundering up behiud Mm, John Malcolm/was [aware of a third horseman. He turned his i head-it. vms Schauffenstein, on a horse, , of whichtlioGrandDuko of Deusatz himself might i bo proud. ;It was a grotesque thing to see tho | elderly,snuff-taking. soi dtsant count riding a I blood .horse.1,like a trooper. The post-chaise was surrounded on all. sides-to tho right and left the impenetrable forest: horsemen before and horsemen behind. .. v If thO;hack never felt tho spur beforehand, he felt it now. "What was about to happen, he knew not; but, for Zora's sate, tlie Co. of Mincing Lane must be in the thick of it, what ever it was. The carriage door was not yet open. But the window was-and suddenly through the window Tang a pistol shot. The . dismounted man reeled back and fell. .. John Malcolm was still in front of Scliauffen stein j 'and his greater eagerness made his horse fly. He, too, dashed up to the carriage window; and he, too, was armed with a pistol. Maurice Pascal, having expended r his shot, must be at ? his mercy., .. He could see through the window, not only the fugitive forger with pale face and clenched . lips, hut her whom he feared to see-Zora ; - pale also, but as calm as became a heroine whose hero had just begun war with tyranny-other wise the Deusatz police. Von Schauffenstein : rode up also j but .Malcolm even in tliat whirl ing moment .noticed that the chief-mouchard kept out of a direct ? line, with the . carriage .window. The man who held the horses did not move. ;' There was only one thing to be done-to present his pistol at the window as a 'threat, or4 rather command. . : " Drive on!" cried out Maurice Pascal. But before the hesitating coachman could obey, the man who held the horses/quietly dismounted,: went to the horses' heads, and held them. ? v So they remained for two full seconds-the stolid German coachman passively smoking on ' the box, one gendarme dead, another holding the bridle, Schauffenstein opposite the near hind wheel; John Malcolm opposite the window covering Maurice Pascal with his fire, Maurice Pascal himself sitting on the back seat like a statue, Zora at his side with eager and" glowing ' face, and bending forward ,as if eager to cover her hero's heart with her own. ( . J Maurice Pascal still held his discharged pis tol in his hand. But it wa3 of a curious work manship, common enough now,'but rare' in those days. Suddenly he lifted it again ; and ; John Malcolm saw what he liad seen in the Far "West^i' pistol that had charges enough for all there, and more. : : He dared hot fire into the carriage-he was as likely , to hitZora as Maurice Pascal- He tried to swing his horse; aside, but failed-the.. stupid animal had had enough sensation horse- ' manship for one day. Maurice Pascal at the ; same moment leaned "forward to take fuller, aim, : and-for one unguarded instant brought his head fairly in front of Zora's. / There' was no help * for it; John Malcolm fir^d-first by a hairs'* breadth. Maurice Pascal's revolver fired one hair's breadth afterwards-without harm. >' --.* And then came a man's groan-then a girl's scream. ? - r-! . * - .. "Von Schauffenstein descended from his horse and . opened the door for an instant;: then " closed it again; 'John Malcolm sat for ah in"-" stant horrified at his own deed;'it is some-' thing to kill . one's first man, whoever he may be. -Before lie recovered, Schauffenstein took . his bridle, led him beyond the barber's pole, and left Mm there-not more than half a dozen « paces-before he had time to dismount. But in the next moment he was off his horse and to wards the chaise when he was faced by the unoc-: cupied gendarme, armed with official carbine and sword. Deusatz was a military power, and sent no fewer than five men to the army of 'the Confederation. : " Monsieur," said Schauffenstein, on this side of the :pole is Deusatz; on that is Prussia. fYou will have the goodness to remain in Prussia. fWe have stopped our dead friend here at the frontier, wliich is the correct form. Pardon me, monsieur. I do not desire your name in the .proems. verbal, and if you enter Deusatz I shall be compelled to arrest you. In Prussian territoiy. you may snap your* fingers at the law of Deusatz, and I choose that you shall." He did not say why-but it may be said, in passing, - that; the name:of Schauffenstein figured more prominently in the proems verbal ? than might have been the case otherwise. " Assuredly monsieur will stay there. There is nothing more to be done.' Maurice Pascal, the Marquis , do Montmorency, Sir "Williamson, and the CavaUere de Kigra are all dead. is fa the hands of the law." : "Madam!", cried out Malcolm, advancing upon the muzzle of the carbine. ' " Assuredly, monsieur. They were married this morning by my good friend the priest, of) St. Hildegund. It was natural, monsieur. - And if they had . not, my good friend the priest of St." Hildegund could not liave told me where ' they were gone* Be at; ease- you, have saved maaemoiseUe-madam-from a; rascal, . mon-/ sieur. In one day . maid-~wife-r*widow; <;it is deplorable: but'what would "you? She is in ^ good'hands. You Mill not enter -Deusatz, so sure as I am Schauffenstein. So bon voyage monsieur." " Thank Godf* said Zora Havwortli again,, as in one instant a thousand things floated be-., fore her.' 1 . . * '. . . " Mrs. HaywortK!" said Mr. Grann once^Y more, more astonished, and scarcely less shocked,! than when he had been caught pirouetting be-. fore the looking- glass. . . . . She started. 'Mr/Gfiron and .all his belong* ings had been far away. . ." thank God for a man's .death'?-I'm" not a constable, I- But; please to remember > that everything you say now will be taken . down and used as.evidence against-Bltss me, what am I saying? Tou said ' ^as* God,' . J when I told you a man was drowned." . ! ." Pjd I ?" asked Zora. "I didn't know I did :-but-I,do."; , i . " "RpS ^ 8ettmg serious," said Mr. Grann to . I himself. " I don't wonder at her being glad,'.* . lie said, looking round at the furniture and all'. the signs,of wealth and luxury that must have came* intoxicatingly upon one . fresh from a Cornish .cottage. "But in all my. life I never knew of such a thing as her saying so- It'sniv experience. that the gladder a legatee is, tho more they cry.-So you are glad John Malcolm.', is drowned?" ; " John Malcolm ? He died in California J1 "So I am informed^ Well, wesliallsee. All in good time." ~ - j " " Whydo you' call-liiiii--Jolm Malcolm ?_' "I hare a fancy' for calling things by their right rDatnes»\'I have.' That's just one of my ideas. But I've ^t plenty more." " John Malcolm ? ' jSTO. It was Maurice , . Pascal" . ' , ' ^ 7 _! "Ah? : Anymore?" ^" Arid tlie.Jfarquis de Montmorency" .'"And?" .'.,V ' "Arid the CavaKere di-Nigra" * "And John Malcolm. Tiiat's enough, Mrs. Hayworth. 'When a inan has three aliases, he may just as well hare four. That's another of myideas." ." Did r say 'Thank God?' Then God for give me! But it has taken from me too hor rible a burden." "Exactly so. But I like honesty, mostly; particularly in ladies. Dear me, I'm* wonderful full of ideas; to*day. So you do remember a stranger'coming to St. Moldreth on the fif teenth of December?" ,"Mr#- Grann" saidZoro, .witli allhergra ciousness,]"I don't- know why you are asking me all these questions. And I=should like to know." " And-TU tell you, Mrs. Ha worth, with pleasure., r That :? is,. to say, not exactly with, pleasure,* you know,, but .with pain.; - When John ^Malcolm is found dead at your own door, tlie neighbours .will; talk, you sec -that is to say, they would talk,,if there were , any neighr hours in. St.'Moldreth; Any way, the papers I will. And people will be saying, cui bono- I who's got the effebts?"^he said looking round I hTni. \ And lie. looked/at her too. : "I wus iliinKnff of the prosecution, but I'm open to instructions for the dcfence just asmucli, I am. It's all one to me, so long as-there's somebody tried," he was .going to say, but checked.liuu celf in time. "'/.The dcfence? Whv what in Heaven's name "7 . ft You are aware I am a lawyer, Sirs. Hay worth? Of course you are. You may trust me like a father. I think it's very like that Dr. Hayworth may have to stand up and an svrer't1 Who tilled John Malcolm ?9" , "'Allan-my: husband ? Oh, he must know nothing-it would kilt me. .Why need we call ap the ghost of a past-such a past!-when it is dead and gone ?" ;"Wdl-r-you.see---that isn't.quite the view the law, takes .of things. It's rather fond* of .ailingup ghosts, is the law." = . Xou are. a lawyer?, a real lawyer?".she asked, forgetting the man in liis profession,-as people generally, did,. after a first impression, witn Mr. Grann. " Do lawyers keep secrets ?" ,"iike the. sea, Mrs..Hayworth,-, I do... If you were to know all the secrets I know-Lord, how happy you would be 1" lie said," again draw£ ing on his experience of Mrs. Grann:. .He was quick enough-but' she! was light-' ning. ".Allan would never have thought her 80, ?with her dreamy ways j but then it is now clear enough * that; nobody knew her less: than he. Sheinew, what 'cui bono meant better' than the lawyer- -And sheiknew what was implied in the.discovery of . the body of a John Malcolm . found-jat her husband's door. -There was no time to lose. '- -i-A ."Will you keep mine?" >.-< ^ . " Like the bottom of the sea." - "> "The sea?, .No". ' r --'"v . "Bight - you : are, Mrs. Hayworth.- - The sea I doea^teUi tales. , I'll keep it - like-like-an 1 oyster. AnywayHke .what you< know what T| mean.Vi -V. " I do know what- you mean. That we; are rich- by the death' of John -Malcolm, and that the ? man* you call , John Malcolm 'died at our door-died a violent death at our door."r? She always spoke ^calmly; now' she' was ^speaking' with twice her usual calm; . Itr/was as if':she were talking'* to > a' moriiirig 'caller.1 You want me to clear Allan-my husband. :T can." '-i:;/L! Did-she. love her! husband? :'!t It 'was. the thonght.thkt'hauhtcd ;her. like a''.nightamre,1 day and night;- But shecould do' due tiling-^ she could- save him from the most , temble'sus picion that can hang over a man," 'by one word.' Arid that word meant-she spoke slowly enough" for'thought, but she did not stop, to think-she only spoke on. ' " The man you speuk of -was notf John Mai- i colm"' .' .; \- "Excuse me.i; I know him"- ; "7 '"Hardly so well as L* It is-it was my lius-1 band." . . "Dr.Hayworth? Why I saw him yesterday. We are in the Dark indeed!" : * "Dr. Hayworthis-is not my husband^ Mr. Giinn.* ?" * . "Not your husband?" . "-T have been married to him. ' But--but I was married first to that man. I was very, veiy young. I believed'him to be the greatest of martyra.' "I did not love him, but he needed me.- I elo^d toh:himl' It 'was in Gfennany. We were married at St ESldegund, at Vert bouig. On the morning-on the day^ of the marriage--we had stepped out of the church' into the chaise-I found' him to be a common swindler, who had trained,me.to~be his instru ment and his decoy. Ob' the same'day he was shot by my side in the cliaise by V man whom my ;mother had meant I should .'marry. I thought him dead. I was brought back to my mother.' She took me to England for a few days, and then I was sent to America, to school. My mother, was-dead, I suppose. I was sent ion to England, and found,'myself without money and without friends. Dr. Hayworth asked me to marry liim. And I have been' the , curse of his life," she said, with gathering intensity. " I' dragged him down to poverty. And then "-; ? * ."I'm listening, Mrs. Ildyworth, I assure you. 3fost interesting."; \ "It was on the fifteenth of December. The night was stormy and -cold. u My husband was rifiiting his patients, as usual^-and-1 was alone. A riinrt came«to' the door. ' "Tliere was-it was -Maurice Pascal, my husband." , ,: ' . " Excuse me, but vou said "just now He "was killed." . V . ( , ; : ' . "I said shot, I believe. He liad'riot been killed I had thoughthinvkilled. It was:ubt likelyT sliould hear,of liun after he left Deusatz. He had many names.": " J "Exactly so/John Malcolm." ' V i " How could I tell my. husband-who loved me-who had spoiled his whole' life for my sake-how could I tell'him that lie had .no longer even7 me?' It; would lmve broken his heart. Forf he loves" m&! . He' might;come back any moment- stormy as * it was UI\ made hinr, Maurice Pascal, come out to speakto me.' I* took him out to :i sheltered spot ' I knew,' abbre Puflm's Hole." .. . r 1 f " She wis speaking so cahnly that . even Mr.' Grrinn felt awed, and was conscio^' of an ijri wonted scantiness of ideas. AVhritwus/to come ? ' /"He wanted money. Then lie told me of a. great1 fortune, that belonged tome,:and if he left me alone lie would expect his slitireJ. 'He was very different to what I had known him. I did not hate him j-'Iscornedhim -- ?r " J "Well? - IiCfc in e-let me - implore you ? uot to. commit yourself, Mrs.1 Huywort b.' f. ! "I have nothing more to say.«IlOi left: me,' and I-: never saw him again."' The lawyer checked himself in a whistle. : > ?« : "Do vou know what people will say?"; ? :. VThat I murdered him to escape, from him?" : -" Well, you've managed to put it«plain at last, anyhow. Have. you< any.proof you didn't murder Jimi? Push him, p'raps, is: a belter jword?'' I;" None. And call it what it will have to be i called. " One of. us v is- a murderer, it .seems. And it shall be Me." 2 ; » ._. .t. Still her wonderful- voico rcmaincd-.calin, except for an increase of intensity. It neither rose nor fell.- ; For God's sake, Mrs. Haywortli," take care what you are saying!" ? .. ..? He had.come to get up a case against some body-and here he onlv found himself anxious to prevent a beautiful piece of self-crimination. A cliarming and accomplished lady,- of mysteri-. bus and dramatic antecedents, would be5 ft better puff for Wlieal Murder.:than' even: a doctor. - V-1. :. . "2so -doubt it was .'an. impulse that - had coined . away . Zora. {-Butii t1 was. {?the .. same: impulse that had urged her years ago to sacri fice adreamforascoundrel. /Was itithough? She;had forgotten her romance long ago- she had never loved Maurice Pascal. ' . . . Kb wonder the secret of her life had weighed her? down since that . . fifteenth of - December. Perhaps ; a "wiser woman than she would have told-her ' husband' alLf- ' But a "wiser woman ! would have known when she did and when she did not love. -' And va wiser woman would' not hare been 'Zora." She could not bring herself to tell^him thafc he had wasted his life upon a love that was not his; owtu "; It would have been too cruelly wise.®1 And now,' in her impulse, she leaped at the chance of proving how much she loved him-yes, she-knew it now at last, with aU her heart and souL ' .; ' k ; As for details1 and results, they were as yet shadows! No-r-she. was 'not' wise.-'-jShe was thinking of Allan's changed 'manner to -'her;- of the love he had lavished on her in poverty, and which now seemed fading away1 with riches,'of the curse she had felt herself toj him once, and the littl^comfort she seemed to be tolliim now. "I know what I ain saying vcry/well;" The man'was not .John" MalcolmV'2fc''^'Mauricc' Pascal, of whom: my~X)6ctor''Hjayworth lias never heard. : I^hever'told liim,: even. And I tell1 you the; truth-I parted with liim;arid I saw him no mbre. ' And now you^telTme he is drowned."- * .' ; " Excuse; me,"/ said Mr. Granri. " I've got ah idea."!; " * ; ^ '' . . f/ j The fact remaining unnoticed, he went- on V 4 u The man was John Malcolm. I know him, and it's not my way to be mistaken.» 'He may have been two or three other gentlemen, too that's neither here nor there. It's likely. And I think' I., know another gentleman rolled into two- and he's rolled himself into onc^-John Malcolm. It's clear the doctor didn't. -THere'd be no case . against him with such evidence as ; yours. . And,;excuse me, but I don't ,scem to* identify you with ^Vheal Murd^r.- Gtwd- day." . (To be continued.) >-'r\ 