JOHNNY GEDDES; OEj THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. BELATED BY HIMSELF. Chapter III.—Tammy Bauchles, the Cowardie. Tammy Bauchles, the bauld hero of this chapter, belonged to a-bit placie on the other side of the Crieff—that maist crouse of all towns for friendly cronies and hearty gude will. Tammy was a man of J large talk and fluent gab, but of few j achievements—fate having, I jalouse, aye been against him in the way of putting Mm in the road of suitable perils and adven* tures. But still to hear him among his cronies ane -would have thoucht that a baulder man ne'er steppit the causey. That was a' very weel, and micht hae been tholed if he hadna in the same breath abused a'body else as cowardies, utterly deficient in that spunk which should mark every descendant of the ancient Picts. Even I, Johnny Geddes, whose character is as weel kent and firmly established as the sturdy heather that adorns our muirs and braes, because I chose to speak of things visible and invisible with becoming rever ence and caution, did not escape his rancour and abuse. " Od, man, Johnny," said the creature fh me ae nicht when I happened to catch him' up on the road to Flighthall—as I shall ca* the place—" I never thocht ye was sic a. cowardie—ye're the biggest hen I ever saw. Now, gin X had been in your place I would hae acted very differently; for I wad hae seen through the hale thing in twa winks of a gleg e'e." "Ye're very smart, nae doobt,"Isaid kind o' nippit like, to let him ken he had trampit on my corny taes. " But I can tell ye it's easier to say what ye would dae than to dae't when the time comes. A body canna aye hae a? their wits about them; and at times queer complications wi' an uncanny aspect aboot them arise that fora wee micht puzzle the deil himsel'. But still because I hae been truthfully relating to you ane o* my notable adventures, without ony bounce or glamor, I tak it very ill o't that ye should ca' me a cowardie." "And so ye are," repeated the sturdy gomeril; "I've said it often to others, and I'm no gaun to tak' back my words to yer face." "Ye've said it to others?" I repeated, geyan hot like, for my dander begood tor rise at ance. "Then "ye're an awfu' leer. m no without seasonable fear and awe, as I hae truthfully shown ye, hut if the warst cam to the warst I could aye stand my ground and gie a daud as weei as tak' ane • but you! yeje »' gab-ye can dae ™ S .?-8 T8'' aira> md wear I lum hat—a thing I never could thole and fancy ye re a Roosian General, or a gentleman, or what ye're farrer frae than ony—a brave man. Weh, man !" "What! dae ye mean to say that I'm a cowardie ?' he cried, pretending he was gaun to strike me. "Af course I dae," I answered, takino no manner of not1Ce of his fierce gestures. I ve said it and thochtit for lang, and f mean to prove it some nicht for the edifica tion of the hale district. What I am a body kens—what you are remains to be o662j. With these words Tammy and I parted company. I had been relating for his plea sure rey notable ghost adreStare-wfi aftei a wee I shall take the liberty of laying before my readers—but the sma'-headed creature could do nothing but spit and springe and sneer at me, and cock his heid ?' +aSi S0-phat' &a; if 1 had showed mysel to he a miserable cowardie, while he, Tgmmy Bauchles, was as daring as a Nubian lion. Sic on gauns couldna but displease me, and for two reasons—first, because I was laying the story out, not for my am glorification, but for his special second' because I kent h i ggest bul1?and cowardie ^JneACerani wha eom be causey fZV1!lhat whenever he got hame and into the presence of his wee morsel of a AT? i°I-r wd sbrink like a mouse. My certie! his big words were of nae avail with her and all his vaunted heroism was naethmg but a waste of gude bieath; and if owre a bit drappie he waa bouncing of what he could dae, a body had only to say, "Tammy, there's yer wife,"to ' mak him collapse in a jiffy, and turn as white as a cloot m the face. So, ye see, my friends, I micht weel feel nettlet at his im pudence and set about thinking of some plan to take him down a peg. It so hap pened, however, that before this could tak place some twa- three weeks gaed by, and by that time the fushionless creature had forgotten all about our sharp collishangie on the_road to Fhghthall. But the oppor tunity had arrived at last, and now when I look back on it I dmna think that even gin 1 had planned it mysel' I could hae wished ror a better. I was cutting through a long planting about a mile frae the hamlet ae nicht about; gloamin, being geyan tired, when I noticed a tall figure sfcnkin along the path before me at a pace that seemed to have been quickened by the sound of my footsteps. W, I dearly loe the gloamin', so fruitful with calm meditation and peaceful recollec tions, and I like solitude along with it: but the ghnk that I got of the lum hat on • the man afore me caused me to suspect that it wasmane other than Tammy Bauchles, dressed in his best, as if he had been away seeing his friends. 3 r "• j 1W' dok™y> Iad—now's your chance," I said to mysel'. "Hail the creature, and work him a rare spuilzie wi' the powers of your imagination;" and with that I put my hand to my mouth and shouted, " Hi I hi'I Tammy Bauchles, is that you f Round he jumpit, as if he had been on springs, and stared back through the dim light, with his cheeks awfu'white, and his een like saucers, while I could plainly dis cern his legs shaking under him like windla straes. , A a—ay, it's me," he gaspit oot, as if he expectit my dim figure to change to a bogle or a wraith, " Wh-a-a-'s that ?" "It's only me, Johnny Geddes," I answered, with a quiet nicher to mysel', as I made up to him. "Ye'll no hae sic a thing as a spunk aboot ye " Deed have I," he cried, evidently mucin relieved at the familiar sicht of me and my pack. "Od, man, I wasna sure but v& micht bae been a thief or a robber" . "Ay, it's an eerie nicht," I said plank ing mysel doon aneath an auld oak that. hftci D8GD half blastit with ths lightning some time afore, and beginning to light to my pipe to hide the twinkling mischief ira my een. " And robbers is no the warst thing a body has to fear i' the now. Sit doon, man, and tak' a rest; and we can gang on to the toon thegither." • Tammy sat doon as if the fallen tree had been a hunch of stangy nettles and his breeks geyan thm, and gied aye the other fearfid gknce around as if he wasna just satisfied that something uncanny wadna; pook him by the lug frae ahint out of the darkness thickening rapidly on every side, "I think we'd better be stappin'." he said at last, ' for it's getting unco dark and gruesome," ■ that, an' no withoot reason," said X, without stirring a foot. " Do yo no keq the awfu' tales and hoorific legends that hang aboot this blastit oak ?" Tammy cowered closer to me and lookit round nae mair. He was quaking a' owre, "with his een startin' out of his head like biled wulks ooten their shells. "No, man, I never heard o' them," he stammered out. "I'm no very fond of hearing such things—they're no canny." " 'Deed, an' ye're richt there," said I, with a smudge to mysel'; "they are just no' canny. There was that lady that was mur dered hereabouts—in this very wood they say. She had her heid crackit aff as clean as a cabbage-stock by her ungodly husband ae nicht when she happened to be walking » in her sleep, dressed a' in white—that is, in her ordinary nicht goon. Weel, his sword being unco sharp shaved it off jist as she was putting up her hands to save hersel', and there the heid has stuck ever since. She walks some way hereabouts on dark nichts like this, and I jalouse that's the reason that folks that are doon in the mooth or dejected- like are aye said 'to carry their heid in their hands.'" This was a' buff, ye ken. was just making it a' up oot o' my heid on the spur of the moment to gie his craven soul a gude fright. "And what mak's her dejected?" he whispered, in a horrified tone. " The want o' her heid, of course; that's enough to mak' onybody dejected," I re plied, as briskly as ye like.. " S-s-sh! what's that ? Do you no hear something among these bushes ? Was that no a white thing guan by P something like the ghost o' a murdered bairn P" \- "I dinna see onything," whispered Tammy, without daring to look round. " But thae's only stories, ye ken." . j . " Stories 1 Ye'd better no say that. Do ye no ken whaur ye're sittin' P" I • " Sittin' ? I'm sittin' on a fa'en tree at the blastit oak." "Exactly—at the blastit oak, haunted by the gaist or wraith of Tameric, the giant warrior of the Picts. But ye needna fear him, for he never appears but when a cowardie planks kimsel' doon by his dwell ing. It was a cowardie that slew him — by sticking him like a grumphie through the back—and he swore wi' his dyin' breath to haunt every cowardie that cam' near the spot/ He walks like a skeleton, I'm tolled, with a sword in his hand as long as a pitchfork, from which the blude gangs drap, drapping at every step, and a rusty helmet on his head, big enough to malr cail for the hale o' Flighthall at a boiling." I wish Tammy's face could hae .been seen as I put forth" this story. He cowered closer and closer to me 'n the maist abject terror as the wind gied soughing through trees like the wail of a departed spirit, with his teeth chittering in his head like hailstones on a window. " What else does he wear ?" he askit, at length, in a kind o' fascination; liking better to hear his ain voice than that of the wind. "Wear? No a steek o' onything else; nothing but his bare shanks and massive ribs—bare, indeed, seeing that there's no a particle of flesh on his bones." " A skeleton ?" gapit Tammy. "A skeleton and nae thing else," said I, peering into Tammy's face; "the skeleton warrior o' the Picts. But, Tammy, man, a body wad think ye was feared." "No—a—a bit," lie hastily replied. "It's only the cauld wind gaun through me. D ye no think it's time we were stappin' oot for the Ha'?" ^ "There's nae hurry for me, ony way," I coolly answered; " but if you want to gan^ I'll bid ye gude nicht." ° "No, no; I'm in nae hurry either," he hurriedly putin. "Besides, I'm aye fond o' company. Johnny, I'll gae ye a gude dram when ye get inby at Lucky Gundy's. Man, ye micht finish your smoke aud tell's ane o' your funny stories—ane o' thae kind that mak's a body forget where they are, and laugh like to split themsels." " Whist! whist 1" I gravely answered. " Sic a request is.no becomin' at sic a time and place, where the hale atmosphere is floating wi' ghaists, heidless ladies, spirits, death-lichts, and Jang nebbit things. If the skeleton warrior should see but a spark of cowardice or fear glimmering through your heart he 11 gie ye a dab wi' the point o' his awful sword that'll leave nae bodily mark, but'll cause ye to dwine awa like a blasted soorock." " Dinna speak aboot it—dinna say anither word. I carena hoo soon we're oot o' here," returned the cowardie, trembling in every limb. " Have ye dune ony gude business the day, Johnny P" "Naething to speak o'. I selled some fine cotton to an auld friend in Crieff to mak' a shroud for his grannie. Talking about shrouds minds me of a queer story I ance heard about a ladv that was buried without ane. She was killed by the falling of a tree, Lor', Tammy, how the wind's rising. Iwishitmayna send down some o' thae big branches about oor lugs. Weel, she was buried in some kind o' grand spro chery peculiar to high folks—satins and jewellery, and sic- like—and naebody thocht but what a' was richt, and that the heavy monument they put owre her head wad keep her doon in the groun', till somebody was passing through this wood near the spot where she was killed, and saw her sitting on the tree that killed her sewin°" as hard's ye like." ° " At a shroud, I suppose ?" huskily put in Tammy. "At naetliing else. It made a bonnie waup, I can tell ye, when the story got the wind, and my lord was dancing mad at the neglect, for ye see he had marrit owre again, and didna care aboot meeting wi' his auld wife when he gaed a bit dander in the gloamin' wi' his new ane; so a proper outfit was ordered from London, the grave howkit open to set her mind at rest and put a stop to her munelicht sewing. Now, it happened that, what wi' odd drinks o' beer and better stuff, the man was gey weel on afore he began the howkin', so that it's just possible that he may have gaen a wee agee; at onyrate it was dark ere he got deep enough doon, and then no a trace o' the lady was to be found. He'd been owre late o' catching her, and she was off to the woods here to her sewing." " Maist awfu'! Oh, lord, what's that ?" As Tammy spoke an awful gust of wind came whish through the trees, like the howling of a pack of fiends, rumbling and squeaking among the tree-taps far over head, and then sending a wheen branches crash down in our midst. With a yell of terror Tammy drappit to the ground, clasping his hands, and scream ing for mercy from the terrible skeleton warrior I had conjured to his imagination. But though I was pleased to see him at. last grovelling in his proper character of a miserable eowardie, I didna care to gang owre far with a johe; so I- put down my hand to raise him to his feet that I might explain all. But no; terror now possessed his soul, and the ae touch was enough. With another yell he got on his feet, and flewlike lightning frae the spot. I burst out into a hearty laugh at his comical as pect, but the wind only caught up his sounds, wheesled them about like demons' cries, and sent them birling into his lug to increase his terror and frantic speed. Whip ping up my pack, and pouching my pipe, I j was after him like a shot. " Stop, stop ! " I yelled. " Tammy, Tammy; what's come owre ye ? Stop, for heaven's sake!" Now, jujst as I got out these words we whiskit on to the common, and twa-three passengers took up the cry, thinking that Tammy was a thief and I the sufferer in pursuit. Seeing, also, that I was laden with a pack and less able to run fast, they were gude enough to take up the chase, and spun along bravely, I can tell ye, howling and yelling like deevils, and "uttering a' manner of threats if they only caught poor Tammy, till a' at ance aue o' them made up to him by a short cut, and, with ae blow, drove the lum hat owre Tammy's" een and nose. Tammy was staggered, of course ; but the blow only added new speed to his legs, and on he flew again, leaving his assailant sprawling in the dust, and vainly trying as he ran to raise the hat frae ower his face. I could only stacher on, liauding my sides, that were saia wi' laughing, and choking for want of breath; but at every step as they neared the village the crowd after Tammy swelled and grew, till half the place was roused, and ever so many dougs were snapping and snarling at his heels, they being a hantle soupler in the legs than their maisters, and mair at hamein the chase. On flew Tammy—seeing nothing, but hearing, as he thought, the skeleton warrior, the heidless lady, and a wheen mair dreadful clamjamphrey yelling in his wake, till, as luck would have it, he neared the public well,, where his ain wife was peaceably filling her stoups. This brave wee body, hearing the unwonted commo tion, turned roun' and saw the villainous looking thief, a' covered with stour and dirt, flying down the road, and she had lately missed some bits of things aff the hedges, and noo hearing the crv of ' Stop him! stop the thief!' she verv speedily de termined to distinguish hersef. With twa springs she was out in the middle of the road: and in another moment Tammy had plumpitinto her outstretched arms. But Tammy was now a desperate man, made up in terror what he lacked in brayerv, 90 they feucht and they feucht among each other, and wliammeled down in the dirt, and rowed owre ane anither, and thumpit, and kicket, and scartet, but 110 for a moment wad the bit wifikie let go her haud. At last Tammy was fairly beaten into champs, and the wee woman whisbet him on his feet as if he had been a bairn, throwing aye the other kick at him before delivering him up to his pursuers. I "Oh, mercy, mercy! Great warrior!" shrieked Tammy, " I'm a eowardie!—I'm a eowardie! I confess it; but only daub me nae mair wi' your awfu' swuvd, and I'll no gae near the blastit oak again!" , "That's like a voice I've heard afore,"' said the brave wee woman, cocking up her j lug at the sound, but keeping a firm grip of his collar. " Whisht, ye deevilish marau der," and she gied him another kick. Whisht, till we bring ye alang to the j licht!" . ! "Mercy, mercy! I clinna want to see j the licht. I'll believe it a' withoot seeing ! it!" screamy Tammy. " Hae pity on a puir man wi' a wife and sma' bairns de pendin' on him." " A wife and sma' bairns—think on that, noo," cried the indignant woman. " A' dependin' on what he nips aif the hedges, or maybe grips aboot our henhooses—awa', awa' wi' the deevil! If my man, Tammy Bauchles, was here he'd shoot ye on the j spot," and at the same moment, and with no gentle hand, she tore the lum hat from him into a thousand shivers, and then man and wife stood staring in dumb amazement into ane anither's faces! I need sae nae mair. It was just at that moment that I hurstled up, a' peching with a race, and in a few words explained all. There was abundance of laughing, I can tell ye, and among the laughers nane were mair hearty than the wee body, Tammv's wife, liersel'; but as for him he slinkit aff into the house withoot a word; and frae that day to this he was never kent to maid the slightest pretensions to bravery in ony shape. ['"Hunting down a Lobby Stripper," one of the Detective's stories, will follow.] 