(Brnmrnmlm. ? Abt Atjstbalian 3?Aray Stoics'. BY DONALD CAMEBON. Author of ?' Scripopolis,' ' -ilverwater Bend,' \- etc., etc- -? . ? ... Deajb Childeen,— I can see you all on tiiis pl- asant Christmas afternoon. The elders are playing cricket on the purched open, the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on the grass, fearless of the slimy snake, that may be coiled not far off. And the gluttons of the flock, who bave partakeu too much of the tempting t»rt.or the dyspeptic plum-pudding, recline in idleness, like young --on.-co»- strictors, who must hybenmte a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore; come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of those terribl' ghosts aud phantoms with which your cousins in England are now being regaled, while seated round the roaring fue listening to Grannie's tales, ' Afraid to whisper for the fnar Of something terrible and near.' It wasn't many ypars ago when Harry Smith gave up ciiy life and took up a selection in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, kind of heart, strong of muscle, just the kind of man we want in this new land. And he had a loving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willie and Bessie, who were ten and fight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife sat in their hut and taught their children whatever they knew themselves iu the knowledge of this world, and revereutly interpreted to them the teachings of that sacred book which should be a guide and a lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life these good people led. Willie and Bessie never tired of roam ing in the forests, searching for flowers and ferns, seeking in vain to catch a glimpse of the melodious bell-bird, whose glorious song, heard in the recesses of the wood, of tatatata ye-wattee, was like a siren voice to them, now having a vision of the strange lyre bird, then catching a. siabt of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the roselks and cocka toos. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pets. There was Mag, the magpie, whose existence was spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck ing up young plants by the roots to see how they grew, and hiding every thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big spoon. It was the children's opinion that no creature in the world could cock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Mag. They found her a featherless, disreputable-looking nest ling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Mag had been taught some naughty words by the man HaiTy employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold water had cured her of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pre datory crows, whose thefts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself the biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scruple not to rob their master, but who fly into a terrible r«ge if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, the cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, though each united in common warfare against poor Tibby, the tortoispshell cat. These two would wa'ch puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, in the sun, to have a nap, and then both would peck at her, and fly off to the palings and shriek with delight. Cocky w«s the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch his pull. Occasionally he would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. He would be very silent and. sad for a while, and would mope on his perch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, ' Poor C'-cky.' In addition . to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from the plain but intelligent ros«lla to the gorgeous but dumb king-parrot ; a native bear, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kanjtaroo rat. Joey was a. dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyes, who followed the children everywhere, They saw a beautful lizard. and over whom Boyer, the intelligent colley, kept watch, while Pipit had to be kept in a box, «nd great was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread and milk, and it would -make' the 'most surly mortal laugh to see him sit up on his hind paws and wash his face with his paws as daintily as a lady. , , . Well , I d are say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, children, learn to be patient. I wanted to show you how happy Willie and Bessie were, and how naughty it was of them to bf come discontented with their lot. This is how they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a dense wood at the back of tbe hut. This wood exer cised quite an infatuation over them. On dark nights they stood at the back door and looked out into its gloomy recesses, «nd wondered what creatures made their abode in it. On moonlit .nights they watched the strange mingling of light and shadow, the waving of the branches, and shuddered as they listened to the deep sighs of the breeze as it passed through, the 'mopoke, mopoke,' of the night-owl, tbe sharp cry of the dingo, and the mournful wail. of the curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how rjfeasant seemed its cool recesses. And, yet, I warrant much of its charm was owing to its being for bidden to them. They inherited Eve's failing. One day their parents were burning off rubbish on the land cleared for the plough, and the two were sitting alone under a tree, with their pets all around them — Cocky engaged in an encounter with the cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under the impression, perhaps, that they were diamonds. ' Couldn't «ve just go a 'ittle bit in ?' queried Bessie, lifting her sun-browned face to Willie's in a pleading way. Oh ! woman, ever since Eve, the tempter. 'No, Bessie,' said Willie, ' we can't. Father says he'll beat us if we do, and mother says tbe blacks 11 kill us. And you know that Nanny, the old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroomoolia, lived in there/' ' Oh,' said Bessie, with a great show of shrewdness, ' I don't bt-Ueve what they said. You know mother told us there was poison iu those bottles father brought from town, but it was syrup. ' ' And didn't we get properly licked for trying it ?'' asked Willie. 'Yes; but they won't find us out this time,' urged Bessie. 'They won't come home till the sun is going down.' Now,: if Willie had been very strong on the point, I daresay be would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't ; he was just as eager as bis sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow, like Adam, ae thought if anything wrong came of it, andtheescapade was discovered, he would be able, as Adam did, to throw the blame on the girl. And so, after a little further argument, he gave in, and pre tended to follow her reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. It was a still, hot day ; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep blue sky or its golden horizon ; aud yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry, and there was no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to bieatbe, though attenuated. In the forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant silence, a great sense of rest. The birds had taken to shelter iu the thick folia ie of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of the wood were silenced. The cicada sang, it is true, but with a subdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its aerial melody enchanted the ear. The children wandered on through the wood hand in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No iugre peeped out from behind a tree — only » kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's flesh intent, hobbled up— only ja great black snake, that lay on the jpath, uncoiled itself and rippled away ? through the grass — that, I think, is the jbest term to use for the movement of a -su»ke. : It was refreshing for the children to come to a small watercourse that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as it passed over the pebbles and stones. The day was so warm that Willie at once proposed what is known in the country as a ' bogie,' that is a bath in tbe limpid stream, aud he had half undressed, when, .on the other side of the little rill, he beheld a graceful lizard basking in the sun. Surely never had gem such colours, ;for as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. iBessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up his courage to gTasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in. its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children bad no hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that they were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started .to catch the lovely thins:. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on the grass, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, Richly crimsoned. The children wereabout to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry fuzzyhead, as a kind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds of which are contained in, a fuzzy kind of heui. '* I wonder where the pretty thing's gone ?' queried Willie. ' Where all Fancy's children go,' said a deep voice; , and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them with a venomous look. ' I was the lizard, the butterfly, the flower. Ye are like older children, ye fly after what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safety behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, aud ye are now mine, mine.' 'But you must set them the task,' said another voice, and, looking round, the children saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. ''I claim them as mine, the children of the wattle blossom.' The boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly resembled an iron bark-tree. ' Not till they do the task,*' retorted the Spirit of tbe Iron Tree. The children looked with astonish ment around them. Every tree, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani mated, each a human type of the species. Tbe graceful myall danced in the sun shine, the sombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, tbe gnarled red- gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The larger trees seemed ogres, eager to devour, and the smaller cowered at their glances, Bave the wattle, who stood guard over the children. 'The task, then, the task!' cried the Wattle Spirit, with a wave of her hand, which diffused a wonderful fra grance. 'It is,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, ' that they will fetch me the choicest thing in this wood within two hours. Go !' The wattle seemed to pity the children, but appeared powerless to help them; and so the poor little things had to go their way. What could be the most precious thing they knew not. Willie thought it was gold, and looked for grains of the precious metal; Bessie fancied it was the loveliest flower. Long they wandered, until the sun sank behind tbe hills and the glorious light of the moon fell upon the wood, creating lights and shadows marvellously beautiful. The children were about throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again changed, and there were the iron-tree and the wattle. ' Well,' cried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, ' have you found the choicest thing in the forest i' The wattle seemed in great pain as she watched the answer. '- We have not found it,' said Willie, looking up with honest eyes. The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh, as when a storm passesthrough its branches, and became at once a tree, and nothing more, as did the others, save tbe wattle. ' Yes, you bave, children,' she said, with a benignant smile. ' The choicest thing in this wood is the truth.' ' They are here — they are here !' cried Harry Smith, bounding to the side of the little stream where Bover was barking joyously at two Bleeping forms cuddled up in each other's arms. ' I knew the dog was right.' 'Heaven be praised!' cried his wife, her face illuminated with joy, as tbe moonlight streamed upon it. And she kissed them until they awoke. ' Oh, father,' cried Bessie, 'we have seen, ogres, and. giants, and fairies, and ithe trte spirit Ooroouioolia.' ' And what did they teach you, sweet one ?' he asked, as lie clasped her to his breast and made for home. ' That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father,' replied Bessie. ' Then, child, they -were from Heaven, ifor the choicest thing — not only in this forest, but in the world — is Truth !' The Just aotj the Unjust. — The good man slammeth tie gate and bang eth the door, and maketh a noise, for his heart is without guile and he fearetb. not the grievous words of bis wife ; but the naughty man shuteth the gats softly, and stealetb upstairs in his stock ing feet, and stumbleih over the rocking* chair, and the last condition of that man is worse than the first. 