THE MYSTERY OF CECIL ROSSE. CHAPITER XXXI. Toe excited order of Jarvis was promptly obeyed. Mrs. Jarvis ranl and secured with bolts and bars the great outer door of the kitchen, whileMaria, thePortuguesewoman, locked the door leading into the hall, and transferred the massive key to her pocket. It was a weird and strange scene. The black, stone floor. the kneeling figure of Cecil lRosse, her young face up turned, her dusk eyes wild and scared, yet withal strangely brave, the brawny red hand of her enemy clutching the rippling waves of her red-brown hair; behind her old Gretchen, moaning and wringing her hands; on either side the two sinister women, awaiting their master's orders, and over the whole group the strong glare of the light that flamed from the blazing logs on the wide hearth. Outside the wintry gusts of wind raved and roared. A whirling eddy of snow came in under the great door. In the chimnucy the winds held high revel, whistling and screaming like unloosed demons. It seemed as if nature herself were in sympathy on this night with deeds of violence and crime. In his excitement Jarvis had dragged his young victim to the floor. Now that the doors were fast, and his excitement began to cool, he loosened his hold upon her and retreated a few paces, pausing to regard her with mingled ftury and exultation. " There's an old sayin' as listeners never hear no good of themselves," hlie exclaimed, ) and you've found it out, miss ! " Miss Rosse staggered to her feet and sank \- 6wn into the nearest chair. " I'd have you know as Miss Cecil would not have listened, not even to such as you, a plotting her death, if I hadn't suspected something and fetched her down," cried Gretchen. indignantly. " You suspected something! " exclaimed Mrs. Jarvis, with a sneer. "You! " " O, I'm an old cow," cried Gretchen, and stupid, and all that, as you say, I suppose, or I'd have made my young mistress run away this very night instead of bringing her down here to be caughlt like a bird in a snmre. 0, Miss Cecil, for give me-it's all my fault ! " "Hush, Gretchen," said Cecil, softly and affectionately. "Do not blame your self ! " " It was my man's sharpness that caughlt you," said Mrs. Jarvis. " Lor', Jarvis," and she turned to him admiringly, " how hkeen you are. To think you detected them a-listening when Maria and me couldn't hear anything. You're like them blood hounds, you are." Jarvis appeared complimented. Ile stroked his stubby chin while hlie regarded his prisoners with keen and threatening eyes. "You've heard what wasn'it intended for your ears, miss," ihe said after a pause; " but we won't have to explain matters, so time's saved. You know now that you are a prisoner here ? " The girl bowed her head in assent. " You know as you ain't at no Greycourt, nor in Yorkshire ? " "Where am I, then ? " asked Cecil, who had attained to a marvellous calmness, although her pulses beat fierce and fast. "Am I in England ? " "No, you're not. I shall not tell you wher6 you are! " " Does Lady Trovor own this house ? " asked the girh'l. "No, she don't, and she never saw it neither," affirmed Jarvis. "Does Lady Trovevor lmow that I am hero ? " inquired Cecil, trying to understand her terrible situation. "No, she don't. We don't know no Lady Trovevor. We never saw her. We're workinhag for another party, we are." Cecil's little hands clasped each other in as incontrollable agitation. "And that party is secretlymy enemy ? " she asked, in a trembling voice. "You've hit it, miss." "But there must be some mistake-some awful mistake I " cried Cecil. "1 am a stranger in England. I have no enemies. I never harmed a person in my life. Who would wish to kill me ? It is monstrous incredible! I will not believe it. Tell me that you were not speaking seriously, Mr. Jarvis. Tell me that it is all a dream or phantasy. Why, I have lived here months and found you all kind and respectful to me. Could you have been harboring thoughts of murder in your hearts all these months ? " She teurned her wild and anguished eyes from one to another of the faces of her three enemies, and she shuddered at their hard ness and savage cruelty. " We won't argufy, miss," said Jarvis. " The finets is as you know. You're in the way of someone as sent you here, and has paid liberal to have you kept here ! " " And who is it wants me dead ? " asked Cecil, her young voice having an unwonted sharpness, her young face thrust forward further into the flaring light. " Who is my enemy ? " " Soue questions cus'ts be answered, and thait is one on 'ens," answered Jarvis. Cecil was silent for some minutes, seem ing stupefied. The whole matter seemed ho her unreal and utterly incredible. She couls scarcely believe the assertions of Jar vis. Whonsmhadeshoever harmed orwronged 2 Why should anyone ever wish her dead 2 The more she thought upon the mfuatter the , more it seemed to her thsit she had bean F: mistaken fur someone else. Presently she urged this conviction upon Jarvis, but he shook his head, declaring with in oath that he h1d made no mistake. " It's you-Miss Cecil Rosse of Germany \---as Iis ordered to leap a prisoner, and no one else," he aflirmed. " It was Lady Trevor's frisud or business agent, Mr. Pulford, thalt put sue on board the yacht," said Cccil, retlectively. " Is it he wcil seeks my death 2" " Mistaken again. You cau'sut iump cae, miss, of things I don'et wish to tell," de clared Jarvis. " There's folks us have iop' their eyes on you longer 'n you'll ever know of--follk's as hate you and want you dead. They pays liberal, ind folks as pays liberal alvaye gets their will. Your embroidery work has all heen a blind, as has passed away your winter, and so have served its purpose. You've coaue to ilack Pock, but you'll never leave it alive." Old Gretchen renewed her expressions of grief, moaning more loudly and wringing her hands in yet wilder despair. Unselfish. Cecil forgot her own peril in pity for her servant. " At least Gretchen is in no one's way," she exclaimed. " No one demands her life. Do what you will with me, since I amu help less in your ]ands; but let her go." "To warn the police, elh ? You must think me a simple," sneered Jarvis. " She thinks such an uncommon lot of you, miss, as makes me wish to send her along of you to the oether world. The fate of one of you is to be the fate of the other." "I won'it accept my freedom unless Miss Cecil can be free too," cried the old peasant woman. "I am old and ignorant. I de serve to die for advising my young mistress to leave London. She owes all this trouble to me. Kill me Mr. Jarvis, and let her go free, she is so young, so good, so-" " And she'll die if you can be saved," cried Jarvis, agaiu sneering. " I knows my business. You think so much of each other you shall die together. I shan't spare neither of you." " That's the talk," said Mrs. Jarvis, ap provingly. You've wasted too much time in palavering, Jarvis. The gal has found out the whole thing. She ought to die this very night " "Yes, they both ought to die to-night I" declared Jarvis, gloomily. "0 ! mercy, mercy ! " moauned Gretchen, sinking upon her knees, her gray hair be becoming unloosed and falling to her shoul ders, scant, short, and witch-like in its effect. " Spare my poor young mistress, who never hurit a living creature I Iu the name of tihe greast God, who will one day judge and punish you, if you commit this awful crime, do not harm iher " Jarvis and his wifejlaughed brutally. " Hush, Gretchen! " said her young mistress, sweetly and softly, in a low, calm voice, her face looking as might look the face of an angel. " Let us pray to God, and not to people like these. God has not aban doned us ! " Again Jarvis and his wife laughed coarsely. "Prayers won't help you none I " said the latter. " Bult if they'd be any comfort to you, be at 'em quick. Your time's about up ! " Old Gretchen covered her face with her apron and moaned and sobbed in her des pair. But Cecil's fearless eyes, dusky as night, itself, with a golden glimmer in their depths like a yellow star, remained calhn and brave and unftlinching. Something in that stead fast gaze made the rufhias Jarvis strangely uncomfortable. Something in that pale, calm face, so tender, so sweet, so undis mayed, affrighted him. " You'd better be at your work, Jarvis," said his wife, catching the infection of his embarrassment and endeavouring to con quer it. "Now is your time. You're not going to turn fainthearted, eh ? " Jarvis moved mechanically to the wide hearth and picked up one of the big brass andirons. As hie moved heavily, with this weapon, towards Miss Rosse, the Portuguese woman hastily interposed. She had been silent for some minutes, but intensely watchful. She was very superstitious, and she had watched the pro gress of the scene with gloomy eyes. Now, ais Jarvis, with his devilish intent expressed in looks and attitude, moved towards Cecil, the Portuguese woman sprang forward and caught his arm, crying out-- " Stop! You shall not lkill her to-night! I will not have her killed to-night! " Jarvis turned upon his confederate in amazement. " What do you mean ? " hlie demanded. "Are you going back on your bargain ? " No. I'm with you, heart and soul, and you know it. The gal's death is as necessary to me as to you. If she lives, I shall have to stay here in this awful solitude years perhaps, when I yearn for my own country and independence and the marriage on which I've set my heart. I want her to die-" " Then why do you interfere with me when I'm about to puit her out of the way ? " "Because," said Maria, slowly, " we've got to stay here weeks yet. The snow lies many feet deep in the mountain passes. We are storm- bound and cannot get away under a month. Yet I will not stop a night here after they are dead. They'd ha'nt us sure as fatte. They'd come back to us in the clark nights and frighlten us out of our senses 1 " " Coward I " sneered Jarvis. " Call me coward, if you will, but let 'em live until we are ready to quit this place," cried Maria. " We can destroy their lives the night before we leave Black Rock. And in the meantime we can keep them prisoners in the tower-chambers. They will be quite safe-as safe as if they were already dead." The Portuguese woman had aroused the superstitious fears of Mrs. Jarvis, who hastily exclaimed " I agree with Maria, Jarvis. Let's act on her advice. Miss Rosse and Gretchen are already the same as dead. You can finish 'etc off at aoy time." Jarvis was not slow to yield to these com bined entreaties. It was one tising to de stroy a life secretly asd auothler to comssit a msrder in cold blood, with a tesir of reproachful, steadfssst, haunting eyes fixed upon him. " We'll wait," he said, dropping tse and iron heavily to the stose floor. "' Tihers ain't no hurry. They can't escape. They're as good as dead now, and we can put the finishing touch whenever we 1lease. There ain't a house as I know on witilin fifty' miles, and no one ever colnes to Black Rock. They're as safe as if they was its their graves.' " Let us take them up to their rooms, suggested Mrs. Jtrvis. " I can't abear the look of them eyes. Light a eausse, Maria." The Portuguese womas obeyed. Jarvis demanded the key and unlocked thi door leading into the hall. 'liTen seizing Miss liosse hy tie arm is a fierce grip he hurried her outs into the narrow stine pas sage. Old Gretchen followed vslhstarily. Sie would hsase followed her younsg mistress to death rather tsan survive her. Mrs. larvis and Moaria brought up the rear, the latter beering the light. The little procession wound through the long, dirk, draughlty hall. The ogusts of wind more than once nearly extinguished the light. Little piles of snow lay near the doorways, having whirled in under the doors, and lay on the stone stairs, having filtered in at the leaks and crevices in the old roof. A long wail or shrieklc of the stormns as it tore down the cavernous chimneys now and tlhen made Maria cross herself instinct ively, with unconscious recollection of religious forms in which she had been reared, and mutter a prayer to be saved from wandering ghosts. They mouted the second flight of stairs, which was rickety and seemed to rock in the storm, and arrived at the third-story rooms of the quaint old tower. Jarvis kicked open the door of the tapes try- room with one of his feet and thrust in his prisoner. Gretchen sprang after her, with a cry of mingled misery and relief. And thle three savage-looking jailors halted upon the threlshold, surveying them with cruel exultation. " You can have these two rooms as before, miss, " said Jarvis. " Only we'll keep tlhe keys. Just reneslmer as you're a prisoner and conduct yourself according. If you attempt to signal any boat as may pass lup or down the coast, but which is most unlikely at this season with the M:arlch storms a-raging, that signal '11 be the signal for your death ! Understand that I I ain't a patient man. I won't stand no nonsense I " He withdrew tihe key to the outer side of the lock andu abruptly closed thle door and secured it. Thie operation was repeated upon thle door of thie second room and the three conspirators deseended the stairs heavily, retreating to their own quarters in the lower part of the house, there to discuss tihe events of tihe evening and to plan their intended double crime. As tlhe sound of their lumbering foot steps died away upon thle stone stairs Cecil Rosso crossed the floor to one of the windows, pulled aside the tilick damask curtains, and looked out again into the night, with its white, whirling gloom, its howling winds, and the roar of its angry, furious sea. Old Gretchen looked about her drearily, at the little supper-table, the low chair before the hearth, and the big hearty lire of blazing logs. "IHow everything is changed during the last hour I " the old peasant-woman ex claimed, with a groan. " I-ere's the table and the supper, just as we left it- it is we who are changed I O, Miss Cecil, I could almost think we'd been dreaming I Wihy should any oue wish to kill you, whose whole life has been a blessing to others 2 You were thie light and glory of thie herr pastor's life ; the villagers of Zorlitz almost worshipped you for your care and lkindness to them in sorrow and sickness; you are good and lovely-why should any one hlarmn you ? Who could wish to kill you ? " Cecil turned her face towards her old servant. There were bistro shadows under the lovely dusky eyes, a strange pallor' upon the yotung cheeks and about the tet der monuth, but thie expression upon the beautiful countenancee was brave, undis mayed, and deeply thoughtful. " Gretchen," said the girl, quietly, " I believe that there has been sonme mistake made isn my identity-that I have been brought here in mistake for some other poor unfortunate-or that this plot against my life is a part of the mystery that hlas enshrouted my origin and surrounded me fromnt the night when I, a child of three years, a mere baby, was brought to Zorlitz parsonage." Gretchen started. " There has been no mistake, Miss Cecil," sihe exclaimed, excitedly, after a brief thoughltfulness. " Did you not hear them say so-that they had been hired to destroy Miss Cecil Rosse of Germany ? "I think that there has been no mis take," declared Cecil, calmly. " The per sosn who had me immured in this solitary place, in this wild northerly -climate, re mote fromt atll mankind, lihad knowledge of me personally and of my tastes and capa bilities. That person kunew of umy bargain with Lady Trevor, and had prepared for tme this moth-eaten tapestry on which I have spent so umanty months of useless toil. It is clear therefore that my enemy is one who is connected with the mystery of my life." " But who can it be ? " "You could identify the mau who brought me to Zorlitz parsonage, Gret chen ? " I could swear to hint anywhere by the squint of his eyes, and the heavy mole on his left cheek, uand by his general features," atlhrised Gretchen. "Have you seen any person who re semubled him since we came to Englanuid ? Was Mr. Pulford like him ? " " No, Miss Cecil. I have never seen his cruel face since that night. Mr. Pulford is as unlike him as one man can be unlike atnother."'' "Lady Trevor cannot hsate me," said Cecil, wearily and sorrowfully. " Lord Gloenham loves her. Even if shite knew that lie hads been hind to me and won my heart, she could not possibly care, since she holds his troth. lie must love her or he would not marry her. She cannot be my enemy. She is a lady, gonthy-bred, relined, atd high-prineipled, a true Christ lan s lsy, I believe, else Lord Glenhasn could not love her. I am sure that she is insocent of any klowledge of this horrible plot against ite." " s am sure of that too. She was very kind to us." said simple ols Gretchen. " A iad, wivked woman could not smile and talk so kindly and sweetly as slse did. Depend upon it, Miss Cecil, Lady Trover is innocent of all wrong-doing in this matter." " Then whom shatl I suspect 2 Mr. Pul ford 2 " (iretchen shook her head. She preferred to thiik Miss Rosso's enemy some un known perssn rather thsan (sie who 1usd seemed kind to her. " Iepeud upin it, Miss Cccil," she ex claimed, " your enemy is tie mat who hsroughst you tis Zorlitz. Ho watched you go to Lady 'irevor's house, atd watched yos drive to the yacht. And after Mr. lulford had given his directions to the captain of the yacht, this unknown enemy of yours secretly conspired with the cap tain, and hutd you brought to this place. I am sure that tsuit is the trrue exphanation of the mystery." It may be so," replied the young mis tress. " I do not know enough of the ways of wicked people to suggest i a better expla nation. We are in the hands of some cruel and remorseless foe, of whom these people below aire but the tools to carry out their master's will. My enemy seeks your death as well as minie. Where are we, Gretchen, dlo you think ? Where is this Black Rlock ? " But Gretchen could not return an an swer tliit appeared to border on probability. " We are many days' sail from Lonmdon," said Cecil. " Thie story that we had lien driven front our course by had weather was but a false pretence of the treaclherous captain. The bleak, wild scenmery, the driving storms, deep snows, and utter dreariness iand coldness, show that we are in the fur north, but whether in Norway, or Iceland, or Scotland, I cannot tell. One thing only I know-" " And that is--" " That we must make some effort to escape ! To remain here imprisoned, count ing the days and nights of the single month of life these people allot is, will drive us mad. I'd rather fall from yonder precipice out there in the darkness, or freeze to death il the mountaint- passes, thou await here our coming doom ! " " And so would I. But how can we escape ? We shall be closely watched and guarded. Our enemies may drug us into quiet passiveness. And though thely de cided to let uis live a month longer, they may change their minds and kill us to-mor row. They will aimn to destroy us when we are olff our guard. O, Miss Cecil," cried the old woman, despairingly, " there is no es cape for us ! We are doomed I " CHAPTER XXXII. Old Gretchen flung herself uponi a couch and raved and wept and sobbed in her agony of despair. But Cecil stood at her window, white and silent, with grave, ill credulous eyes, and troubled, anxious mouth, intent upon the problem of escape. To remain passively awaiting death at the hands of her enemies would be worse thlan to brave the most horrible fate in the attempt to escape. A month of such wait ing would be an eternity to both the in tended victims. And yet escape in the pre sent state of the weather would be an im possibility. " I must wait," Cecil said to herself. " I must be brave and calm and patient. God will not desert i us in our extremity. I will trust Him, even unto the end." Raisiug her anguislhed eyes, striving in vain to pierce the thick gloom of the wild night, Cecil breathed a prayer to heaven for protection in this hour of need, aiid then calmed iiand strengthened, she turned from the easement and approached her old ser vanmt. "Come, Gretchen," she said gently. You must not give way like this. We are reprieved for ai month. What may not happen duiring that period ? Calm your self. Rise and let us talk the matter over l " Gretchen obeyed, wiping her facie upon her apron, anid striving to assume an ap pearance of self-commanid. " Coime, sit down by me near the fire," said the young mistress, drawing two chairs near together. "We must tallk over our planis of escape. If we wish God to help us, we must help ourselves! " Gretchen took the seat assigned her. And so, while the three wicked plotters laid their evil plans in the rude, stone-floored litchen hbelow, the two innocent victims of their hatred discussed in the high tower chamlber plans of evasion andt self-defenee. "If we intend to get away alive flrom this house, we shall need all our strength," said Gretchen, after a long consultation, in which no decisionm had been arrived at. " You look like a spirit, Miss Cecil; your tfice is so white and your eyes burning. EaLt your sumlpper, dear, to please old Gretchen, and then you won't lose your strength." She arose and brought her young mis tress's plate and cup. Both food and drink were cold; but Cecil ate iand drank, and her example was followed by her servant. They sat up until late. Then, wearied andl worn by their terrible experiences and emotions, they prepared to go to bed. Cecil resolved orn a barricade against ai surrepti tious night-uentralce by their enemies, and assisted Gretchen to place certain massive pieces of furniture against the doors in ai manner to prevent intrusioun. " Our enemies having determinied to mur der us, will execute their project at i a time when we least expect harm," said Miss Bosse. " One thing is sure - tihey shall not ncuter our rooms when we are asleep." Gretchen assisted her young mistress to undress, and retired to ian inner closet, where her own bed had been placed, while Cecil said her prayers. Neither of tihe pair kept long awake, but slumbered as peacefully as if their couches had been guarded by a host of armed friends. Both awakened soon after daybreak. Gretchen made her toilet and emerged front her closet to lind her young mistress fully dressed aud shiverinui with cold, the tires having died down to Yshes hours be fore. "Let us remove the barricades, Gret chen," said Cecil cheerfully, although her lips were lblue and her teeth chattered. " Do yos think they intendto freeze us to death, Miss Cecil? " asked Gretchmo in a frightened whisper. " There's a mortal chill ili time air that makes my very bones ache. You who are so delicate, how will you endure this cold ? " Cecil smiled brightly, but made no other answer, as she helped remove the barricades they had placed the night before. Old Gretchen huroughmt a heavy shawl and threw it about Miss Rosse's shoulders, and began to walk heavily to and fro, while Cecil took up her ftivorite station at one of the windows. The snow had ceased falling. The sea was covered with restless white caps. Tmhe sun was hidden behind Icaden-hlned clouds. Such portions of Black Rock as had been heretofore visible fronu the tower-windows were covered with a thick snow. No siil was on the sea; no sign of life upon time shore. A wilder and more desolate northern scene could not have hueen imagined. All was hard and grim and terrible, with a fierce, chill wiind -weepimg overit that would have blasted any green and living thing it might have found. The key rattled in the door. Cecil turned about with a start. Old Gretchen halted in her walk, with an expression of alarm. Thei door opened and Mr. Jarvis entered with an armful of logs, followed by his wife with a pan of blazing coals and ia iasket of pinte cones sud light, split wood. Maria kept guard at the door. By thme look of relief that camse upon the faces of the prisoners, Mrs. Jarvis read their recent fears. "We didn't intend to freeze you to death," shte said, " though that might be the easiest way out of the dillieulty, only tlhat we want to keep you alive until we get ready to leave the plaeo ourselves." " Will the yacht come for you? " asked Cecil, trying to speak carelessly. "No, we shall travel by the mountain passes. There are three or four rough Highland ponies in the stable, and ai good waggon, the samoe that brought us here," replied Mrs. Jarvis, dunmping her coals oni the hearth and arranging the wood upon tlhem. " And there's a couple of good blood hounds in the kennels," remarked Mr. Jarvis, placing his back-log and fore-log in proper position. "I begs to remind you of them Miss Riosso, in case you are planning to get the ponies and escape." The fire was soon made and the intruders withdrew, carefully loeling the door behind them. Gretchen swept up the hearth cleared the table, looped back tihe window curtains and let in the grey and cheerless light of day. By the time the chamlunber began to wear a warm and cosy look, Maria reappeared with a breakfast tray, Jarvis keeping watch at the door. Miss Rosso eat her breakfast without fear of being poisoned, and Gretclhen shared tlhe meal. When the tray had been removed and the prisoners were left to themselves, Cecil began to walk the floor for exercise. " Shall you finish the embroidery to-day, Miss Cecil ? " asked the old servant, doubt fully. " No, Grtelchen. The work was planned to keep me here a willing prisoner. I will not touch it again I " " Then what will you do ? You'll die if you remain shnut up here, doing nothing." "This house is very old," said Cecil, thoughtfully. "The roof leaks, the stairs are weak and rickety. It may have been built two or thlree hundred years ! " " I am sure of it." " It has seen troublesome days-times of war, perhaps," continued Cecil. " I lhave roead stories of ancient houses with secret staircases and hidden rooms. It might be, Gfretchen, that this house contained sonme secret elsmber." " If it did we should not be able to find it. Don't let your head be turned with romantic notions, Miss Cecil. We're bad enouglh off as we are ! " " We can at least investigate these walls, Gretchen," said the young mistress, with ai show of reviving hope andl courage. " Let us try it now. We can lose nothing. We umay gain something.'" Despite old Gretchen's remsonstranees, Cecil began to tap the walls nder the hanging tapestry with the fire-tongs. No hollow sound re-echoed from the damp chill stones, covered over with wet and broken plaster. The old servant. continuing her retmonstrances, presently joined in Cecil's task. The walls were thoroughly examined wi ith a patience tlust deserved success, but only failure resulted. " It is just as I thought ! " imuttered the old womsan. " Whoever had such a wild notion, begging your pardon, Miss Cecil ? " " The notion does not seem wild to me,'" responded Miss Rosse, wearily. " I have read that it was the custom in very old times to build secret rooms in all great houses. Suchte hidden nooks were needed thenu, for there were hands of robbers bent on plunder roamsing through Germany, there were feudal wars in Scotland tid England, and-" " But we imsy be its Norway, Miss Cecil. And if there should possibly be ai secret room in this house, it would not blie in this tower. No such luckie for us," grumbled old Gretchen. It was now noon. Thie two desisted from their labours, and just in tisme, for Maria brought up ai tray laden with dinner. 'T'he meal was prepared with the care Mrs. Jarvis had always displayed, uand was tempting in quality, profuse in qumantity, as usual. Mariu's manner waits respectful, its here tofore, and shte laid the table with care and spread out the viands to the best ad vantage, speaking only when addressed. Cecil might have believed the experiences of the preceding nighit a drem, or the illusion of an uunbalanceed mind, but for the sinister face of Jarvis ait the door and the sight of the key in the outside of the lock. 'lThe Portuguese woman retired, and Miss Rosse ate her dinner. 'The mountain-eyris evidently contained ait well-stocked larder. There was roast venison, beside broiled birds on toast, and nimulttotn-cutlets with a pecu liarly wild flavour. The game had been killed on the estate and preserved out of doors by freezing. There was coffee too and vessious other delicacies. " They don't mean to starve us I " cos mented Gretchen. " As long as they don'mt attempt to freeze or starve us to death, Miss Cecil, I soa'n't sutterly despair. If they'll give us a quieck and paiunless death it is all I can dare to hope for I" After dinner, when Maria had removed the tray and Jarvis had replenished the fire, Cecil and Gretchen extended their investiga tions to the walls of the itner room. They spentu the entire afternosi in their explora tions, stnd it was not until the last inch of wall had been sounded and fisilure was deci sive tisit poor young Cecil knsw how much she had builded upon her strange fincy how much ste had expected to find some secret intter rooto. They retturted to the outer room and Cecil flung herself upon a couch. Msaria brought up lights and supper and Jarvis replenished the fire for [lie nighit. When the young mistress and her servant were alone together, Cecil read aloud a few chapters in hie little German bible asd they talked awhile in low tones and then retired to bed. This dity was a sotnple of many days that follow,'ed. The suitn was hidden for days together. The sea was lashed to fury by the March winds. The snow remainessd on the groundl a full fortnight, receiving constant additions, before it began to melt. April caine, not the smnny, fitful, fieklo April of mnore soutlhern climes, buit at stern, cold, 1and wvindy month, with snow: in steaid of rains, anmd without one sien of springing vegeta tion. It was silnlly it continiation of the long nid terrible winter. April gave place at last to May. Thime winds became milder. The snows yet lingered in the nountain-.lpasses and on the mountain-tops, but the impatience of MIr. and Mrs. Jarvis and their confederate had increased to such an extent that they re solved to remain no longer at Black hock, preferring to brave bad weather and bad roadsrather than longer endure this northern solitude. Some deadly significance in the looks or manner of her jailors warmned Cecil that the cnd was inear. Maria brought up a botuntiful dinner 01one10 day acurly in May as usual. There was a sinister expression in the eyes of the Portu guese woman that struck It chill to Cecil's iheart. 'lThe woman withdrew, descending to the litchen. " I've taken up lher last dinner ! " she exclaimed. " I'i bound to leave herd immediately. The girl must die to-night." " I agree with you, Marie," said Jarvis, with an oath. " I'm sick andl tired of this place. The girl and her servanmt must d(ie to-night. The hour is comec I (To be cominued.) 