It is worth while considering just now what the claim of the Ministry and their msojnritv-tn .Diaper the TreaBuiy owu absolute disposal may lead to — or rather, we should say, what it must lead to. The effect of suspending the Audit Act, and paying all' monkys on the authority of the -Assembly -alone, with out any check whatever, appears to form the corner-stone of that system of Government by bribery and corruption with which the public of Victoria are becoming unhappily familiarised." The first thing to be done by a Ministiy.de- sirous of remaining in office is to pur chase support, for, according to Walpole, "every man has his price." The mar ket value of a working majority at the present time is just £300 a year per man, to be well and truly paid up to the end of the existing Parliament, but we most remember that when the subsidy is secured, the bargain is at an end. The longer a Government can keep its followers "on the string," by pretending to turn the colony upside down in the endeavour to procure the booty, the longer that Ministry will be able to draw their own allowance of £2000 a year a-piece as her Majesty's Ministers. Nevertheless, prolong the agony as they may — even to the ruination of every in terest, industry, and class — tire fine must come when the particular question, Payment of Members, will be settled at last, one way or the other. When that day arrives, the exigencies of the con spirators will necessitate a new contract, and the question will naturally arise, What shall be the nature of the next bribe ) Shall the allowance to members be increased to £600, in consideration of their consenting to allow the Ministry, " the ran of their Dovers " at the Trea sury for an additional two years ; or shall it be made £1000 a year f - -The gentlemen can " make their game whilst the ball is rolling," for they have only to open their months wide enough to vote themselves whatever they please, whjlst the Ministry engage to do the amiable in introducing tifp vpte, and inventing all sorts of new taxes to prqvidp for the increasing requirements of u the people'e '' representatives. As for the representatives aforesaid, they are safe until a general election pomes roqpd, and if they cannot feather their nests in the interval, it will not_ be the fault of oujr, political institutions, supposing the At! torney-Genpral'e roterprpjgtiqu of the law' to be correct "Various little (forges can be worked to render the position of honorable members safe with their con stituents. For instancy if there is , any dirty, dr pnnqgptitutiopal .work to be, done, the Assembly pan be joorn for a month or two months, and the "inejpT hers cannot be held responcuble fof-wbalr the Execative .may do in.tiieinteryaL; UoprtS of justice, may be shut rip, arid even a revolution initiated, theMLhiiBEers" taking' full chaijge; o| s4fci|$ |rVhsp everything has blown over and the"ab- sembly ineets again, the majority can Either endorse or tepndiate what has been donp, kcPofding as public opinion may? seem to lie&yontable; or hostile. Unless;.: A tpemendone clatter can be made, and a onesided yieyngtfprward bymeans of intibsidation at puje, .ieelihgs, jany Ministry carrying intoii tojeytiemiBeir: rnay>e ingreat daripf bejng converted : jnto j£e Afiseinbl«iaLpegpati but so long- totyiani.cahbe kepttafidanappeai , to tite )»Uqt ayeti$4> faonqor jfhliffi Is said to prevail amoDgst %i| ! i jatidnritipsBWfU. "Iks ftBpryeuoffi|ai thfi-Goniment nnil -thr Ihat'th tBcahdcohgtiliiiiroMein— r 1»A%liliiHAom!tiie|nd without any questions being asked-ill proceed merrUy-te WM adation. Wf, As with a jfarlientary '<>nly9«t globo, 80 it is-with/any indival tola required to work with. ThsSs toy, a man vriW&as; bphn pUwa -.vA 'A goodbiffet requires a bigger sop before he can be used again. If one learned pandit is shelved with £1000 a year in tbe Education office, he will want £1500 a year before he willhndge to render fresh services. If another has been, shunted into £130Q, ajear .fts a, Land-Tax Commissioner, it takes £2000 a vear (with a aeat in the Cabinet) to draw him out to fight an election. And eo" the tendency of: the " caw me, "caw thee" principle in matters of Govern ment is to increase the -quid pro quo in arithmetical progression, just aa an avalanche or a snowball acquires volume and velocity as it rolls onward. TTniu- nidinarv cirenmatances iobberv is limited by -the. amqunt of the Jfiinda available, bnt " when "aBystehrTS in? angurated of cashiering whole depart ments of the.pnhHc service, " to make the money go farther," as Mr. Berry says, why then the only limit is the amount of the revenue itself, say five millions per annum. The question has been asked, Are the present crew who have got into power, fit to be entrusted with the manipulation of so much money, and would any individual elec tor be disposed to place in their hands for administration any of his own private properly above the value of forty shillings? Judging by the vacillating conduct of the Governor-in -Council in gazetting all sorts of extraordinary things and after wards cancelling the notices, the law bf Mr. Attorney-General Trench must be rather queer, but we wonder what Sir George Bowen will think of the new Attorney-General, whom accident js about to bless him with. We say acci dent for Barely it would not be by design that bo frothy and unreliable a dema gogue &b; Sir Bryan O'Ltighlen could ever be foisted into a position of such res ponsibility. Sir Charles MacMahon hap pened to be going away, and Mr. Francis happened to be a candidate for the . vacancy ; and the Government -wanted to' keep put Mr. Francis, but" "did not happen to know anybody bnt Sir Bryan who would stand .the ghost of a chance against him ; and Sir Bryan did not like- giving np a fat billet unless he got some thing better ; and so by the- accident of an abciulent the' ex-CroWn Prosecutor "tnrnednp as Jftf8feejr\4lierakbr is about to do so. " More power to his elbow !" exclaim the Benyites, and it really seems that .no matter how rash and inexperienced the indi vidual, bo question ' would' ever be raised either by the Ministry or -by the Governor as 'to his cagkolty"' to'give re liable advice in such a crisis as the pre sent All we can say is, that if Sir George Bnwen carries out everything .Sir Bryan talked of in his address to the electors of West Melbourne, it will be a pretty rice-regal' 'dance" That' thfe' 6dlony 'will witness. - Sir' Bryan O'Loghlen is re ported to have mid, when speakiDg of the Council, thaf>'it was revolutionary to. reject the Appropriation Bill, on ac count of the. tremendous consequences that were bound to follow. .The moment "they "threw out tlie bill, all contracts be tween the Crown and public servants were at an end." In the same speech he told his hearers (hat nnder tbaJ45th sec tion of the Constitution Act pearly all the salaries of the civil servants were special appropriations. Which state ment are we to believe ? Again, he lays down the dictum that it is not for Sir William Stawell or Sergeant Sleigh to say what is illegal, bnt that it is the province of the people of Victoria to do so. This, from a man who for sixteen years has been drawing £750 per annum for expounding the written law to judges and jury men, is not bad. Farther on Sir Bryan remarked! that " he had no doubt the Home Government would tell the Governor to follow the advice of his Ministers, and sign the warrants for the payment of the money. Shonld they refuse to do so, they would raise a much more serious question than the one now in dispute between the ' Assembly and tbe Council, viz., whether the advice of the Colonial Office was to" be tendered to a Governor on matters relating to tbe internal affairs of the colony when he had responsible Ministere." First to ask the advice of the Colonial Office through the Governor, and then in the event of its bring adverse, to dispute the right of the said office to interfere in onr internal af&irs;, «eema -to the lay mind to be a carious mode of procedure. Sir Bryan too, is aU wrong abont Mb facts. He has mis-stated what -.took place- be tween Lord Palmerstoh' and Mr. Glad stone concerning the repeal of the paper duties, and has so grossly misrepresented the- practice- bf the British House of Commons as to insinnate that its mem bers would consent to a " tack" jbr. their own benefit: ' We "wish the' Governor joy of such an adviser, especially as Sir George Bowen holds that he is bound to follow the advice of his Ministers, with out daring to exercise the right of pri vate judgment. But we pity the unfor tunate people of Victoria when' such a ipap as ir I)tyan O'LoghleU is held np to thgm as thg possible ubiter of theiy fate, who may be called opon< filially! to decide, whether the revolutionary pro jects of his own colleagues in the cabinet are legal or illegql. 