THE PARLIAMENT BUILDINGS COMMISSION. ', For several months past a Commission iias been sitting to enquire into and report upon the moat suitable site available or obtainable for new Parliament Houses, and the result of its labours has been to leave matters very much where they were before. We do not go the length of saying that this was inevitable, but from the constitution of the Commission and the ingeniously complicated terms of reference it was difficult to imagine that any definite issue would be arrived at. It was understood that Sir George Kingston and Mr. Townsend were virtually pledged to a decision in favour of the site adjoining the present buildings. It was equally well known that Mr. Santo and Mr. Hay had an unconquerable aversion to that site ; and although Mr. Darling aiid Sir William Milne had not publicly and positively identified themselves with any particular proposal as to the position, of the new Houses, it was not unreason* able to conclude that they would have a bias more or less unconscious towards the opinions of the' other members of their own Chamber and would act with them. This, at all events, ia' pretty much what has occurred/ and the decision has thus virtually rested' with the seventh member, Mr. Henry Scott. That gentleman has cast in his lot with the members of tho Legislative Council, and tho outcome is the adoption of the report which will be found elsewhere. To that report the three members of tho Assembly have taken exception— Sir George Kingston and Mr. Darling on the express ground that the best available site|ia the oue between King William road and the present Houses, and Mr. ' Townsend on grounds which we are not in a position to give in full. Although, as we have said, the Com mission has dune little to set at rest the vexed question of where the new bn ilding t shall be, their labours have certainly no been unproductive. They have evidently examined into the question in an ex haustive way, and the information they have collected will be of material service in enabling the Government and tho two Houses to determine what course anal be followed. Not having the exact wording of the commission before us we are unablo to give any inde pendent opinion as to how far it has been adhered to ; but judging from the language of the Act authorizing the appointment, the Commissioners have certainly given a very wide inter pretation to the terms of reference. It was never intended by the Assembly, at any rate, that the pre liminary enquiry to which they assented should have i)o better issue than the enumeration of half-a-dozen alternative sites, the responsibility of selection being after all thrown back upon them. But while of this opinion we feel that there is no just cause for regret at the wideness of the range over which the investiga tions of the Commission have ex tended. They have, at all events, made it clear that there is no absolute necessity for erecting the Houses on the extremely contracted and unsuit able site approved by the Assembly last session. Leaving out of consideration the suggestions in favour of utilizing the acres adjoining Victoria-square, which seem to us impracticable, there are three courses open. Either room can bo found for the buildings between the proposed University site and the proposed Institute and Museum or they can be erected immediately to the westward of the present Institute, thus encroaching upon a small portion of the Government Domain ; or they can be reared at the corner from which entrance is had to Government House. Of tho hree it seems to us that the second pro posal is the most feasible. No great hardship will bo involved in resuming tbe south-east corner of the Government enclosure, and although the contraction of the grounds of the domain would unquestionably serve as an argument for hastening tho removal of Government House elsewhere there would be no im mediate necessity for such removal It is a pity that any large part of the time of the new Assembly should have to be taken up with this subject of the Parliament Houses, but protracted discussions regarding it will be un avoidable. 'Wo have no apprehension of the question being again forced into the position of unnatural pro minence which it acquired last session, for even should Mr. Colton return to office he may be credited with having gained sufficient wisdom by exporienco to be able to avoid making the affair such a fierco counts belli between tho Houses as it proved to be in 1877. There is, however, a necessity for skilful navigation in the matter, and the Premier is bound to sub mit a definite policy respecting it to Parliament. Leniekcy vehsits Law. — On a recent occasion we felt constrained to call atten tion to a disposition on the part of tho Police Magistrate to interpret the laws in accordance with what appeared to be his own predilections instead of giving effect to their obvious requirements. In to-day's jRc/jist er we publish the report of a case which affords another illustration of this tendency. In Ihe present instance Mr. Bed dome's action is certainly not so likely to be productive of mischievous consequences as in the other case, but none the less is it an undue straining of the functions of a Magistrate. The facts are that a publican in Adelaide was charged, in terms of the Licensed Vic tuallers Act, with neglecting to have a lighted lamp on the front of his house on May 26. Mr. Beddome, however, ' ' thought it waa rather hard that publicans should be compelled to koep their lamps alight on Sunday nights, when they were not permitted to sell their liquors. ' Stij)er intendent Peterowaltl, who was conducting the prosecution, thereupon withdrew tho information, intimating that he agreed with the Magistrate, but that 'ho was com pelled to carry out the law,' and all he* wished was to give publicity to the matter. We leave it to Mr. Peterswald to explain in what way he considers he has ' carried out tho law' by withdrawing without any apparent reason an information directed against abreach of it At the same time it ap pears to ua that there was no necessity what ever for the display of such deference as ?Miia +/?» ftio TlaTi/ih Trna it. in tViat. thftl*A Am cases in which it is not only allowable but judicious for the prosecution to be ruled by a suggestion from the Bench, but in this instance it seems to us that it was clearly the duty of a public prosecutor to press his point. As regards tho Magistrate, we are equally at a loss to see any justification for his position. In the first place, thero is no connection whatever between the regulations fixing the hours for the sale of liquors and those compel ling publicans to keep a light in front of their licensed houses. It is provided by the Act that the lamp ' »ba' be kept alight from sunset to sunnse throughout the year under a penalty of not leas than ten shillings and not more than ten pounds for every offence, pro vided that the publican shall not be liable by reason of his lamp having ceased to be lighted after 11 o'clock at night, unless he shall have been called upon to relight the same and shall have neglected to do so.' Tho point raised by Mr. Beddorae has therefore no logical bearing upon the question before him. But apart from thiB, we maintain that it is not for a Magistrate to override the law in this manner. The Act limiting the hours for the sale of liquors has no reference to tho offence condoned by Mr. Beddome, and it was i plainly hia duty to give effect to the ex pressed will of the Legislature. What ever might have 'been hi3 opinion as u- the magnitude or otherwise of the breach of the Act, it was not for him on purely sentimental grounds to act in contraven tion of the law. It would have been perfectly competent for him to have imposed the lowest penalty, and to have recommended ita remission by the proper authorities. Judge-made law is bad enough, but Magistrate-made law ia worse. We cheerfully recognise now, as we have always done, the eminent qualifications possessed by Mr. Beddome for the posi tion he holds, but in the fact of his being a thoroughly efficient officer there i3 nothing to warrant hh setting the law at defiance. The Eukqpean Congress.— The nego tiations relative to the Congress that have been proceeding between Russia and England through the medium of Count Schouvaloff have not as yet reached their termination. But whilst it may be in ferred that the intelligence which h?s reached us within the last few days is in some degree premature, there appears to be no doubt that the main point at issue — the meeting of the Congress— has been definitely settled. Hence it may be concluded that what has hitherto been the stumbling-block in the way of an under standing has been removed, and that Russia has definitely consented to lay the Treaty of San Stefano before the Congress in its entirety. This being so it may be inferred that the points in Count Schou valofFs proposals still under discussion by the Cabinet are subsidiary ones, and not of a nature calculated to endanger the accomplishment of the main object the British Government had in view in entering upon their present diplomatic relations with Russia. ? The numerous difficulties, petty though some may be, which have Been accumulating in Russia's path, and the condemnation of her atti tude by all the Great Powers of Europe, have induced the Czar to retrace hi3 steps to a great extent, and the conces sions he appears to have made, whether or not prompted by sincerity, will be mainly instrumental in relaxing the tension of the situation. Yet it was not to be ex pected that such a complete abandonment of its position would be effected by so ruse a nation without some attempt to gloss over tne unpleasantness of diplomatic defeat and, if possible, to gain counterconces sions, which, if apparently insignificant, might lead to ulterior advantages. Sojc evidence in support of this view is to be found in the proposal which appears to have been made that the British fleet should withdraw to Besika Bay and the Russians troops to the north of Adrianople. Although it is not explicitly stated, it may bo assumed that the proposal emanates from Russia. From the moment the British squadron made its appearance in Turkish waters it has been the ardent desire of the Czar, for reasons which are not difficult to con jecture, to bring about its withdrawal. It need not excite surprise if the British Government hesitate to accept the proposal. Whilst on the one hand it would be matter for deep regret were the negotiations at the promising stage they have reached to fall through solely ou account of the inability of the Powers to come to an agreement upon what now appears to be a subordinate point, it must not be forgotten that the meeting of the Congress will at be3t be but a new phase in the history of the Eastern complications. At the present moment it would be in the last degree unwise to assume that it will necessarily be the prelude to a permanent peace. The terms of the Treaty, which have yet to bo discussed, are numerous and complicated ; the Powera enter the Congress bound by no pledge to abide by the decision of a majority, and it is a con tingency to be guarded against that the position at the Ia3t stage of the Congress — whenever that may arrive — will be more diiiicult and more dangerous than before the renewal of the negotiations for its assembling. More than this, an abrupt rupture from which there can be no with drawal is also to be apprehended. Bearing these contingencies in view the proposal now made, presumably by Russia, is not devoid of significance, nor can it be regarded merely as a concession to national pride to smooth the way to the Congress. The withdrawal of her troops to the vicinity of Adrianople will detract but little from the value of their \- strategical position, which will moreover be tnhauced by the complete retirement «f the British fleet from Turkish waters. The ArsTRAUAK Cbickbtrbs at Hohh.— The Australian cricketers have began their match against the Yorkshire team in a highly pro mising manner. The Yorkshiremen were dis posed of in their innings for 72 rum, and when the stamps were drawn the Australians had scored 87 runs with six wickets to fall. The attendance at this match also was large. Mr. Skvekx's Scibxcb Lectcrhs.— It has bean arranged for Mr. Severn to deliver during next and the following week another course ol lectures at Kent Town. Mket of thb Hockds. — The hounds will throw off this afternoon at Bickliam Grange Paradise. Football Matches.— The following are the games to be played to-day : — Adelaide v. Vic- torian, on the Oval ; Kensington v. South Park, at Kensington ; and South Adelaide v. Port, on the South Park Lands. Thb Matob's Popular Concerts. — The fourth ?of these entertainments will take place in the Town Hall this evening, and will consist of organ recitals and a lecture by Mr. H. A. Severn. Evangelistic Chohe.— A meeting, having for its object the formation of an Evangelistic Choir, will bo held in the Flinders- street Bsptist Church Lecture Hall this afternoon. Norwood Crickbt Oltib. — The annual dinner iu connection with this Club will take place at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel this evening. The Voixntekkjs. — A party of the volunteer infantry will proceed to the Port to-day by the 12 train for ball practice at the Glanvflle Butts, the ranges having been placed at Major Godwin's disposal by the Port and Suburban KifleClub. Thbathb Rotal.— 'Transported for Life' was again produced at the Royal on Friday night, May 31. before a tolerably good house. To-night the same piece will be repeated. Tub Blacksmith*? Dreams.— The mechanical exhibition under this title will be opened this evening at 142, Handle-street. We understand that the proprietors were unable to obtain a site on which to erect their own marquee. Lbgax.— Mr. 'W.H. Bandey, Q.C., entertained the members of the Bar at a dinner on Friday evening, May 31, in celebration of the recent honour conferred upon him as* Queen's Counsel. DisrosAt of Scrjonmc Apparatcs. — It is the intention of Mr. H. A. Severn to dispose of a quantity of his scientific apparatus before leaving the colony. The opportunity to public educational institutions and private students is one that seldom occurs in the colony, and we have no doubt that it will be eagerly taken advantage of. The particulars will be found in our business columns. Tejcttsok's Last FoHMA-Accordin? to the Athenaum, the Poet Laureate received for his fpirit-rtirring poem entitled 'The Revenge,' lately published in the Xineleatk Ceniwry, the very large sum of 300 guineas. It is said that all Mr. Tennyson's contributions to current magazine literature are now paid for at s iinular rate. Thb OpEXHie of Pabjuasihst.— The cere monies in connection witk the opening of the first session of the ninth Parliament of South Australia took place on Friday, May 31. Both Houses met at noon, and the members of the Assembly having according to summons pro ceeded to the Council Chamber, Mr. Justice Stow read the Commission under which he was empowered to open Parliament. There was no other business of interest in the Upper House, and an adjournment was soon afterwards made until 2 o'clock. The members of the Assembly having returned to their own Chamber, the oaths of allegiance were administered iu the presence of the Commissioner. The next busi ness was the election of Speaker. According to previous arrangement, Mr. Townsecd proposed the re- election of Sir George Kingston in a speech which was.both eloquent and appropriate. Mr. Glyde, who seconded, spoiled the effect of the first part of his address, which was in excel lent taste, by an ill-timed lecture on the duties of a Speaker. His remarks, however, fell ilat on the House, and the discussion which he invited did not take place. There being no opposition to the motion, Sir George was con ducted to the chair, and feelingly returned thanks. He was then congratulated on his election by Mr. Boucaut on behalf of the House. Shortly before 1 o'clock the sitting was ad journed for an hour. The after-proceedings in connection with the opening of Parliament were iuvested with more than ordinary interest, as a contingent of the volunteer infantry attended for the first time since their enrolment to act as a guard of honour to His Excellency the Acting-Governor. About a hundred men, under the command of Major Fitzroy and the officers of the D Company, were drawn up, with the Regimental Band, in front of the Parliament Houses. Shortly before 2 o'clock a number of members of the ; House of Assembly, headed by the Hon. L. Glyde and Mr. W. Townsend, proceeded to Government House, and presented to His Excellency their newly-elected Speaker. Mr. Way congratulated Sir George upon the honour which had been confened upon him, and especially as that was the seventh time that Sir George had been elected Speaker without opposition. He thought the House itself and the country generally were also to be congratulated upon the choice that bad been made. The members then withdrew to the House of Assembly to await the arrival of His Excellency. Shortly after 2 o'clock His Excellency, accompanied by Colonel Downes, Capt Haggard (Aide-de- Camp), Major Godwin, and Mr. J. L. Stirling (Acting Private Secretary), and attended by an escort of mounted troopers under Chief Inspector Searcy, left the Govern ment Domain. On arrival at the Parliament Houses the band played the National Anthem, and the guard of honour presented arms. His Excellency then proceeded to the Legislative Council Chamber, where the members of the House of Assembly having been summoned the viceregal speech was read, and His Excellency declared the Parliament opened. On leaving the Chamber the Administrator was escorted back to Government House, the guard of honour pre senting arms, while the band played the National Anthem. There was a much larger muster of people to witness the proceedings than we have seen for some years. The after-business in both Houses was mainly of a routine character. The Committees for preparing the address in reply to the Governor's speech were appointed, and in the Assembly the Court of Disputed Returns and the Sessional Com mittees were appointed. Pabliambrtaby Pbttiiigs.— A point of some interest as bearing upon the privileges of Par liament was brought under the notice of the House of Assembly by Mr. Bray on Friday. The hon. gentleman called attention to the fact that the Speaker did not upon his presentation to the Administrator of the Government lay claim (as provided by the Standing Orders). ' in the name and on behalf of the House, to their undoubted rights and privileges, and pray that the most favourable construction may be placed upon their proceedings.'' Sir George Kingston explained that upon one occasion when he went through this formula the Governor stated that he confirmed the appointment. The appointment was one entirely in the hands of the House, who were entitled to elect their own Speaker without the confirmation of anybody, and he had therefore adopted the practice followed in the other colonies, and had simply announced his appointment. Inexpensive Costbesisq Agau*. — A few weeks since we published a paragraph stating that some ingenious speculators had secured a number of mineral claims beside where the railway cuttings will have to be made on the Port Augusta and Government Gums liae. 'We have not heard thus far that they have been rewarded by any mineral discovery, but on Friday several' Exchange habitues were startled by the information that a most promising mineral lode had been discovered — of all unlikely places— in Victoria-square. A gen tleman of long practical experience in mining was passing the excavations made by the Ade laide and Suburban Tramway Company for the reception of their rails when his attention was attracted by the sight of a quantity of fine gossan such as invariably caps a mineral lode. He secured several specimens, which upon examination were found to contain a percentage of silver. The true theory of the finding of these mineral specimens in this position, how ever, appears to be that they form part of the large stones which are laid on the natural surface of the ground as a bed for the metal in all the city streets, and that their original place of de posit wax in the Mount Lofty Ranges, from whence the stone was obtained. Sttddem Death. — A man named Alexander Boyd, aged 42, was admitted to the Hospital from Port Pirie on Thursday morning suffering from heart disease, and while taking & bath pre vious to being admitted to the ward he died suddenly. Dr. Raw] ings made a po3t-moitem examination and found that death had been caused bythe rupture of a large blood-vessel. This report was made to the City Coroner, and he, as Boyd is a stranger here, decided to hold an inquest on Saturday. New Rifls Clitb. — The interest in rifle shooting, which seemed somewhat inclined to be on the wane since the establishment of the Tolunteer Force, has lately received a new im petus, and new Clubs are being started in various localities. About 30 persons in and about Athelstaae we contemplating the forma tion of a Club in that place, and have applied to the South Australian Bine Association for the necessary information. With the condi tional support of Colonel Downes, the move ment in the direction of training riflemen is likely to prove successful, and the Defence Force gain a strong auxiliary. Deaisaoe of thb Port-road. — The inhabi tants of the now thickly-settled locality round Qoeeostown westward of the Part-road are in wet weather placed in a somewhat similar position to that of the Glenelg people before the Government took ia band the drainage from the Sturt. The town of Woodville haa the ad vantage of a culvert, which takes some portion of its drainage, but in benefiting that locality iti places the Queenstownians in the awkward position of living in what at times becomes little better than a swamp. The mouth of the culvert is so situated that it distributes its contents over the land near the Port-rood instead of carrying it beyond, and the conse quences are that the water lies there to become uot only a nuisance bat a source of ill-health, as it has no outlet except along the Port road, which it helps to keep in a bad state. The culvert just stops short of being a great boon, like many other well-intentioned under takings. Gawlhh Lodob of Oddfellows.— Oa Thurs day evening, May 30, a mark of esteem was paid to P.G. H. Dean, of the Loyal Gawler Lodge of Oddfellows, M.U-, in recognition of the fidelity and care with which he had for the past eight years discharged the duties of Treasurer to the Lodge. The presentation was made by Prov.G.M. E. Lane, who adverted to the merits of P.G. Dean, and took occasion to express satisfaction — a satisfaction participated in by all the brethren — at the growing usefulness of the Lodge and the nourishing cliaracter of its financial resources. The Lodge was in a pros perous position — a fact which augured well for its future usefulness. Iu 'acknowledging the compliment P.G. Dean assured those present that the kindly feelings evoked by the occasion were thoroughly entered into and reciprocated by him, and that he should never cease to take a deep interest as he had done during his past connection of 21 years in everything calculated to advance tha interests of the Lodge with which he had been so long and intimately connected. Cow Kn.T.im by thb Glhhhlo Thaik. — An unfortunate cow which had strayed on to the Glenelg Railway lin© just below South-terrace cansed the temporary stoppage of the 6.30 pjn train from town on Friday. As is nearly always the case with four-footed railway trespassers 14 Crummy' disputed the right of the engine to the track, and paid the penalty of her opposition by being laid lifeless alongside the rails. ! Parliamentary Qcssnoies. — Notice was, given in the Assembly on Friday of a long string of questions to be put to Ministers during the comiBS week. Mr. Hardy will enquire as to the nature of the proposed Border Customs arrangement with Victoria, the steps taken for defining the boundaries between this colony and Victoria and Queensland, the intention of the Government in reference to South-Eaatern rail way extension, and the settlement of Mr. C.B. Fisher's claim on the Government. Mr. Cooke will submit questions with regard to the water supply at 'Port Augusta and the dredging of that port Mr. Ross will ask for information as to the proposed erection of a public school at TCWKnaj the extension of the Ardrossan Jetty, and.the policy of the Government with regard to extending the Barunga Railway to the Blytb. line. Mr. Bosworth. wishes to know if it is intended to erect a school at Salter's Springs. Mr. Coglin will ask if it is the intention of the Ministry to introduce a Bill prohibiting the landing of Chinese, and will also enquire as to the erection of a telegraph station and jetty at Venus Bay, the erection of an hospital at Port Lincoln, the construction of a jetty at Streaky Bay, and the survey of suburban blocks between Port Augusta and Cudmore's Hill. Mr. Rees desires to elicit information as to the proposal! of the Government with regard to the erection of a school at Yatina and the provision of tele graph accommodation there, the increase of the salaries of school inspectors, and the sending of a schoolmaster to Tothill's Belt. Mr. ELrichaaff is anxious to know whether the survey for a railway from Adelaide to Mount Barker has been completed, and whether a report has been received from the survey party sent out to define the boundary of South Australia and Queersland. Mr. Bean will ask when the money voted for repairing the Port-road will be expended ; and Mr. Ward wants to be informed why no ratepayer of the Highercombe District Council has been appointed to the Local Board of Advice, and whether the Government will reduce the rate of interest to be paid in advance by credit selectors on extended time for pay ment being given to 5 per cent. Govhemmbst Mbascbbs. — The Commissioner of Pnblic Works has given notice that on Tues day next he will move for leave to introduce Bill for the construction of railways from Hallett to near Yarcowie, and from Jamestown to near Yarcowie. On the following Thursday he will seek for authority to bring in measures for railways from Blytb. to Magpie Greek, from Gladstone to Georgetown,9 and from Narrra ccorte via Hynam and Binnum to Frances. Notices have also been given for the intro duction next week of Bills to regulate the law of copyright, to provide for the suppression of the rabbit nuisance, to amend the Education and Real Property Laws, to provide a recreation ground for Port Adelaide, to abolish the law of primogeniture and make other previsions in lieu thereof, to amend the Masters and Servants Acts of 1S63, and for the better sewerage and cleansing of the City of Adelaide and suburbs. Mr. Hardy has already intimated his intention cf proposing the consolidation instead of the simple amendment of the Real Property Acts. The New Zealand Railway Stock. — Cor- respondence in reference to the broad-gauge rolling-stock recently bought from the Govern ment of New Zealand by the Ecgineer-in-Cbief on behalf of the colony has been laid before Parliament. We learn that the purchases com prise nine lecomotiyes, over 20 carriages, and 280 wagons, in addition to several horse- boxes, break-vans, &c.; The price paid was £13,000, besides an additioral sum of £1,500 for dupli cates of various parts of the s' ock. The sum charged by the agents of the Hyderabad for tha conveyance to this colony of the greater part of the material purchased is £2,500 net. Mr. Mais certifies that the stock is all very good indeed, the carriages being in excellent condition. Sessiokal Arrangements. — The Government intend to propose that the Parliament sit during the bession on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thurs day in each week at 2 o'clock. Government Land Sale. — The sale of Go vernment township and suburban lands opened on Thursday was continued on Friday. There was again a large attendance, and, as on the pre vious day, an eager competition. In the Town ship of Beachport about 29 acres realized tha large sum of £8,7S7, while in the Township of Quorn 42 acres brought £6,981. In addition to the above a large quantity of suburban lands were sold at good pi ices. The total sale of township lands sold during the two days was 82£ acres, which rnlized £16,078. being an average of £195 per acre. Claim by tebImpkhial Government.— The Imperial authorities seem to be pleased at the way in which their claim recently made on this colony for the payment of an old standing debt has been met. Writing to the Adminis trator of the Government on February 28, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach says: — 'With reference to Acting-Governor Way's despatch, No. 36 of 12th July last, reporting that the Agent-General for South Australia had been instructed to settle ihe claim on the part of the Imperial Government against the Government of the colony as soon as be should be in a position to do so — the amount being included in the Esti mates before Parliament — I have the honour to acquaint you, for the information of your Go vernment, that the payment in question has been duly made. I have much pleasure in transmitting to you the accompanying copy of a letter conveying an acknowledgment on the part of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury of the fair and liberal spirit in which their Lord ships have been met throughout the correspon dence by the Government of South Australia.' The following is the enclosure referred to: — ' Treasury Chambers, 20th February, 1878. Sir — I am directed by the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant, in forming them that the Government of South Australia haa repaid tke suoi of £15,516 08. 5d., due on account of advances made in the years 1842-1846, 'and still outstanding. In closing this correspondence my Lords cannot but ex press to the Secretary of State their apprecia tion of the fair and liberal spirit in which they have been met throughout the discussion by the Government of South Australia, and they would be glad, if he hag no objection, that this acknow ledgment on their part should be communicated to the Colonial authorities. — I am, &c;, B. R. W. LntGBK. The Honourable R. XL Meade, &c;, Colonial Office.' AbobiginaxJRrsebves.— From a return that has been laid 'before Parliament we learn that 890,000 acres of land in South Australia proper and the Northern Territory are held as aboriginal reserves. The quantity is divided as follows :— Point Macleayand McGrath's Flat, 2,553 and l,T60 acres— total, 4,313 ; Point Pearce, 17,930 ; Poonindie, 15,617 ; The Finke (Northern Terri tory), 576,000; and Kopperamana, 276,480. District of Light. — The Speaker announced to the House of Assembly on Friday that he had received a letter from Mr. F. S. Carroll resigning his seat as a member for Light. A writ for the new election has been -'ssued. The nomination will take place on Saturday, June 8, and the polling on Wednesday, June 12. Poet Augusta Waterworks.— ©n Wednes day next Mr. Coglin will move in the House of Assembly for a return showing:— L The wages paid to the men employed on the Port Augusta Waterworks during the last five years. 2. How the men are employed. 3. The improvements made at the works. 4. The amount of cash collected for water sold to the inhabitants. The Fkokb Bhidge. — We are glad to notice that at last steps are being taken in the matter of the erection of a new bridge over the Torrens near to the site of the present wooden structure. During the past few days the contractors have been busy taking levels, and it is to be hoped that the work will now be pushed on without any further delay. Pabuamgktaby EnQtBTTB.— At the opening of a new Parliament members have the right to take any seat that has not been previously claimed, but it is generally conceded that the leading members of the Opposition have a right to the front bench on the left of the Speaker. On Friday, however, it appeared that Mr. Henning and Mr. Cooke had 'jumped' the seate near Mr. Colton previously held by Mr. Ward and Mr. Carr. Mr. Henning, being a new member, may be excused on the ground that he is ignorant of the Parliamentary etiquette on such points ; but Mr. Cooke, being a representa tive of three years' experience, ought to have known better. Damaging Tanks.— The Burra Xews states that ' Mr. Robert Thomson offers a reward for the conviction of the party who on the 10th May cut a hole in one of his iron tanks, thereby wasting the water contained therein. The tank in question is about 100 miles from the Burra, and was placed there by that gentleman for the convenience of travellers, there being no permament water for a distance of about 40 miles.' Thb Parliament Houses Commission. — In another column we publish the report of the Commission appointed by His Excellency the Governor ' to enquire into and report upon the selection of the most suitable site available or obtainable for the erection thereon of suitable buildings for Parliament Houses,' together with a protest by Sir George Kingston and Mr. Darling. The report, we understand, was carried by the votes of the three membersof theLegislat ive Council and the Chairman, the members of the House of Assembly voting against it. It states that the piece of land adjoining the present Parliament Houses is not suitable, as it does not combine the advantages of convenience of iccess, space for extension, and suitable situa tion for displaying to advantage a large building of imposing architecture. The majority recom mend the block of four acres west of Victoria square between Franklin and Grote streets as being the best site, and four acres on the same side of the square and between Grote and Gouger streets as being next as regards suitable ness. If neither of these sites can be obtained ei block including the eastern part of the Go vernment Domain and the road leading to the Destitute Asylum, and another between the Institute and the proposed University buildings, are suggested. In the event of it being intended to erect a Government House elsewhere the use of the south-western portion of the Domain is recommended in preference to the adoption of either of the sites to the east. As we have said, this report was protested against by Sir George Kingston, and a separate protest was also handed in by Mr. Tewnsend. The three representa tives of the Assembly agreed that the Commis sion had exceeded their powers in recommending & number of sites instead of the best ' available or obtainable' block. Crrx Council.. — At the meeting of the Council, in Committee of the whole, on Friday, May 31, Councillor Raphael made himself par ticularly obnoxious by his frequent inter ruptions during the discussion of the business before the Committee. The 'business' was simply the consideration of an application for the superintendence of the city squares and plantations by a Melbourne candidate at the salary of £3 per week. The Committee met at half -past 2 in the afternoon, and scarcely an hour had been occupied in considering the appli cation when Councillor Raphael caused so much irritation by his interruptions that the Mayor threatened to vacate the chair. Councillor Mathews supported the Chair, after which Councillor King called attention to a Standing Order providing that in cases of disturbance, after the Mayor had named the offender and the disturbance was continued, the delinquent should be Ijable to incur the censure and displeasure of the Council. Councillor Raphael thereupon expressed sur prise at the remarks which had been made on his conduct, and declared his determination to do his duty by his constituents, come what might. He referred to Councillor 'King in very personal language, and after some re marks from the Chairman pertinent to the question Councillor Mathews moved— 'That in the opinion of the Committee Councillor Raphael had incurred its displeasure and cen sure.' Councillor Raphael took the earliest opportunity after the motion had been seconded to ridicule Councillor Mathews, and did not scruple to characterize the Council as weak and thin-skinned. He confessed that his tempera ment was such that he must give expression, to his feelings in his own way, or ' either he must blow up from his chest or his cranium.' Fol lowing up this confession he charged Councillor Mathews with 'aiding and abetting Councillor King,' and immediately the former insisted upon the expression being recorded ; but Coun cillor Raphael, undeterred, proceeded to heap further abuse on Councillor Mathews. With out waiting to ascertain the character of Coun cillor MatheWs reply he anticipated it as one which would be impertinent, and remarked that the word 'impertinent' woulddoubtless be taken down as objectionable as well as the other ex pressions. Almost all the other Councillors commented on Councillor Raphael's conduct as deserving of censure, and certainly during the discussion on the motion the latter fully sus tained the notoriety he had earned. Councillor MathewB imported into the discussion a good deal of personality, charging Councillor Raphael with going into the Police Court as a spy on the Kensington cabmen, and referring to an occa sion when he said of him (Councillor Matthews) there was no use throwing water down a duck's back, he replied, and now repeated, ' No use indeed, for the water would never make it clean.11 A Councillor bad remarked to him, in reply to a sotto wee remark, that he would bundle him out neck and crop, bat not only would he (Councillor Matthews) say this to him, but he would do it — if they were anywhere else. The motion was carried, with only two dissentients — Councillors Richardson and Jones. Then on the motion by Councillor Mathews it was carried ' that the words 'aiding and abetting Councillor King' were applied offensively, and that in the opinion ef the Committee they must be with drawn and a satisfactory apology tendered, otherwise that the penalty of £10 provided by the Standing Orders should be forthwith im posed.' After some discussion Councillor Raphael wisely complied by tendering a formal apology, and the motion was withdrawn. Norwood Football Club.— A most enthu siastic meeting of the members of this Club was held at the Norfolk Arms Hotel on Friday evening, May 31, to consider the decision of the Football Association with reference to the Nor wood Club having broken the 12th rule of the Association. There were 40 persons present. The following resolutions were unanimously carried :— L Proposed by Mr. E. T. Woods, and seconded by Mr. H. C. Burnet— ' That the Nor wood Club, while protesting against the injus tice of the decision arrived at by the late meeting of the Association, is prepared to abide I-y that decision until the Association thinks fit to rescind it.' 2. Proposed by Mr. A. McDonald and seconded by Mr. E. T. Woods— ' That this meeting cordially unites in supporting the entire action of the Committee and Officers of the Norwood Club, and hereby requests the Committee to use every means towards rescind ing Role 12 of the Association.' Carried, with three cheers for Mr. tA. J. Diamond. 3. Pro posed by Mr. C. Tomlinson and seconded by Mr. J.E. Woods— 'That the members of the Nor wood Clnb tender their heartiest sympathy to Mr. W. H. Dedman, and beg io assure him that the shameful and undeserved personal attacks of Mr. C. C. Kingston only meet with the public contempt they deserve.' Carried, with cheers for Mr. Dedman. Royal Agriccltttbix ahi- HoRTicrtTTRAt Society, op South Australia.— Tha annual meeting of the Committee of Management in connection with this Society was held on Friday morning, May 31, there being a large atten dance. The financial statement showed that the liabilities, which on March 31, 1677, stood at £922 5s. 5d., were now only £565 13s. 8d., and that £929 19s. 6d. had been awarded in prizes during the past financial year. Mr. 0. J. Coates was re-elected Secretary of the Society, and his salary remained as heretofore. The minutes of the Committee appointed to take into consideration the 'best means to be adopted for the ext-ension of the area at the dis posal of the Society on the Exhibition Grounds and the accommodation of stock at future Shows' were read. The Committee in question resolved to recommend the Government to grant about 1§ acres of the Hospital Grounds ad joining the Exhibition Grounds, and also to place £1,000 on the Estimates for the current year for fencing in that portion of land and for erecting thereon 25 sheds for draught stock and 10 sheds for cattle. A deputation was ap pointed to wait on the Commissioner of Crown Lands with a view of carrying oat that resolu tion as soon as possible. Experiments with Dtnahite. — On Wed nesday, May 29, Mr. Thomson, at the request of the members of the Hallett District Council, made some experiments with dynamite at Colea's Quarry, in the nrighbourhood of the Hallett township. The trials did not prove as satisfactory as could have been wished, owing to the looseness of the ground ; nevertheless they were sufficiently good to show the immense power of the explosive. Wksletan Ministerial Change.'.— At the Wesleyan Conference recently held in Sydney the following exchange of ministers was agreed to: — Mr. Mack removes to New South Wales and Mr. Withington to Victoria. Their places will be supplied by the Kev. Wm. Mather, from Queensland, and the Rev. Wm. Reed, frotn Victoria. Report speaks highly of both men, especially the latter, who, it i« «id, has the re putation of being a preacher of great promise. Port Town Hall. — Mr. E. D. Davies, the well-known ventriloquist, will give an enter tainment on Monday night at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, in connection with Mr. Edward Lewis, a performer of legerdemain. Messrs. Davies h Lewis have had a very succestfoT ran in the Soutb-East, aad intend, after ful filling the Pert engagement, to visit the North. Gold. — The Bunyip says : — ' We are informed on reliable authority that a recently-arrived New Zealand gold-mi ner has met with what be considers highly auriferous surface indications on the Para, and that he projects testing the locality. We trust his endeavours to develop our mineral deposits may prove successful. Late news from the rush to Yatta Creek is favourable, and a few parcels of gold have been recently sold in town. Judging from the appearance of one beautiful sample of nuggety gold shown us a few days ago we should think gold-mining here has never yet received that attention it deserves, or we should lone since have had more of the precious metal brought into Gawler. With the abundant mineral treasures met with in all directions we hope ere long to report eome:hing more payable than has hitherto been obtained.' *' Rainbow Reveis.' — This entertainment was well attended on Friday evening, notwith standiag the damp eight and muddy state of the streets. The various character impersona tions were admirably presented, and with the really excellent music contributed by Mr. Stewart and his fascinating daughters a couple of hoars were most agreeably spent. The Grand Junction-road.- Steps are being taken by the Central Board of Main Roads to improve the Rosewater-road near the Grand Junction by removing the planking over the sandhill near the Pert Gasworks, widening the thoroughfare, and making it better capable of raking the traffic Concert. — A concert, at which a large number was present, was given in the Pirie street Ohurch Lecture Hall on Friday evening, May 31, by the members of the Church Choir. The programme was well carried out, with Mr W. B. Chinner as pianist. Messrs. Narroway and A. Colton sang the duet, 'To arms.my comrades,' in good style, and the Misses Bemett and 1-thl'«»- contributed pianoforte solos. Miss Hurst sang 'Sing, sweet bird,' and Messrs. J. W. Colton and G. F. Daniel rendered vocal duets and songs. A quartette, 'Ever true,' was deservedly encored. The choir gave several choruses under the condnctorship of Mr. J. W. Colton, among them being ' Away, away,' and ' O bail us, ye tree.' The concert was brought to a close by singing the National Anthem. Mr. Varlbt's Services. — Mr. Varley preached to a large congregation in the Flinders street Baptist Church on Friday evening, May 31. He based bis discourse on the first 10 verses of the 6th chapter of Paul's second epistle to the Corinthians, and showed the blamelee&ness; of the Apostle Paul's ministry in that, though be was often in affliction, in distress, in imprison ment, and other dangers, yet he was able by the power he possessed, by pureness, knowledge, longsoffering, kindness, the Holy Ghost, and the power of God to bear them all, and though poor could make others rich, and ' though sorrowful could always rejoice.' Mb. Severn's Science Lectures.— Mr. H. A. Severn delivered his interesting lecture on com bustion and artificial illumination at the Glenelg Institute on Friday evening, May 31. There was a large attendance, and the lecturer's experiments were witnessed with great interest Schtmgouh's Guide. — We have received from Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons a copy of what they call} 'A Road and Rail Guide.' It is got up somewhat after the style of Williams's Diary, and will no doubt prove as serviceable as that useful publication. Kenbikotok Football Club. — A general meeting of this Club was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel on Friday evening. Mr. P. Wood was in the chair. Messrs. Crooks and Harrison were elected Captain and Vice-Captain respec tively. The Committee will in future consist of eight members instead of five as formerly, including the Captain, Vice-Oaptain, Treasurer, and Secretary, and Messrs. P. Wood, A. Caterer, E. Phillips, and F. Clark. Fourteen new members were elected. Roman Catholic Mission.— We understand that the R.C. Vicar-General has been engaged during the week on a missionary tour in Yorke town and neighbouring parts of Southern Yorke's Peninsula. The Bishop and Fathers Williams and Ryan are occupied in similar duties at Port Adelaide. I.O.OJ1., Poet Pirbb.— On Thursday after noona Lodge in connection with, the Independent Order of Oddfellows was formally opened at Howe's Hotel, when a large number of members were initiated. The Lodge bids fair to he a prosperous one. A dinner in connection with the Order took place in the evening. Mr. Edmunds, S.M.. officiaticg as Chairman, and Mr. Scrutton occupying the vice- chair. The usual toasts, with songs and recitations, were duly given and responded to. The dinner, an excellent one, was provided by Mr. W. B. Wilson. I5TERC0L0NIAX RAILWAY. — Mr. JjOUCaut stated in the Assembly on Friday that the Sydney Government had not yet replied to the letter sent to them with regard to the construction of a line of railway to Wentwortb. Mr. Bray will on Wednesday move for the production ol the communication. Moonta Jettt. — The ' Y. P. Advertiser says the contractor for Moonta Jetty extension it poshing on his work with vigour. Already as many piles are driven as would give an extrs length of 130 feet, and it wonld be well if thif could be so far finished as to be made available for shipping. Adelaide Hospital. — The report for the pasi three weeks for this institution is as follows :— Number of patients admitted, 147 : discharged. 138 ; died, 7 ; now in Hospital, 181 ; number of out-patients prescribed for, 1437' 'Mosb in Egitto'.— Mayfair is responsible for the following anecdote: — 'All through hu life Rossini showed the kindliest interest and sympathy for brother musicians in distress, Once he was asked to patronise by his presence a matinee for the benefit of a poor Italian artist, The art was not very high ; the artist played oo those musical glasses associated in literature with Shakspeare and taste. Rossini promised to come. At that time all Paris was ringing with the fame of his ' Mose in Egitto.' The pool Italian, immensely flattered, designed a surprise and a compliment for his patron. On the day of the matinee, when the concert was half over, some one met Rossini coming down the stairs in a fury. * Well, Maestro, what's the matter ? 1 There's a miscreant up there rinsing his finger* in my prayer from Moses !' ' A Hint for Colonial Hou3kkbbj?hbs.— Much has been lately written of the difficulty oi obtaining good domestic servants in England apropos of which Atlas remarks in the World :— ' I am told that the time is fast approaching when the assistance of lady-helps willjbe a matter of necessity — when every lady must wield her own dustpan and every gentleman be his own shoeblack. A lady spent the best part of last week iu a registry-office, enduring a variety of snubbing and fault-finding from women who tamed up their noses at her ample w:iges and her moderate work. At last she wai taken pity upon by a person who consented tc preside over her kitchen. And do you know what it was that finally turned the scale ol luck in favour of my suffering friend ? It was not the noble wage, the fat and tempting per quisite, the number of the kitcheninaids, the absence of blackbeetles in her basement. ' You live on a terrace, ma'am ?' said Mrs. Cookie, mollified. * I have refused six hexcellent situa tions because 'street' and 'place' sound sc vulgar for one's address. But 'terrace' will look pretty at the top of my letters ' ' Thb Voltaire Centenaki.— The centenary of the death of Voltaire, the great French writer, who died on May 30, 1778, has been observed in Paris, and an oration has been de livered by Victor Hugo. Edmond AbDut, writing in the Atlirncmm on the proposal to 'consecrate by a solemn festival the glory of this great writer,' says : — 'A smhll clan assumed at first to regard Voltaire as their pro pertv. They issued appeals, which were oaly moderately successful, although the projectors had taken care to gain to their side all the Municipal Councils. The pablic has no desire to see a national solemnity celebrated In a little oratory by five or six obscure adepts, so it has been found necessary to gather together all men of letters who are Liberals, and give the first place to the illustrious author who rules the nineteenth century as Voltaire ruled the eighteenth — Victor Hugo. The genius of Victor Hugo has, it is true, no resemblance at all to that ef Voltaire, and oar great poet has some times beep seTere in his treatment of the author of the 'DictionnairePhilosophiqae,' but that is a small matter. The essential thing is that Victor Hugo accepts the honour and the task, and that be has done so heartily.' It is stated in the same journal that a volume of a thousand papers, which is to be a sort of concentrated edition of Voltaire, is to be printed, and will be sold at the low price cf one franc 