THE REV. OHAS. CLARK. It has been said with wonderful force and impressiveness that— ' The orator's voice is a mighty power." Those who attended at the Institute Hall on Monday evening must have felt the truth of this in a greater degree than they ever did before. Previous experience of the wonderful word-painting ability of the Rev. Charles Clark had led us to expect a great treat, but the expectation fell far short of the reality. His lecture on " Westminster Abbey" has been received in Adelaide with tumultuous applause, and hundreds of would-be hearers were nightly turned away from the doors, and the reputation of the lecture, and the known ability of the lecture united in attracting a magnificent audience to the Institute Hall—indeed, the attendance was larger than anything we have ever seen in Gawler, and not one present could have gone away without feeling that he or she had enjoyed a great treat. Mr. Clark on appearing on the platform was received with hearty cheers. He asked his hearers to accompany him to a site upon which he had been standing some 12 months previously on the Surrey side of Westminster Bridge, looking with interest upon the scene before him. The vast piles of buildings, the busy hum of traffic and the forest of masts revealing the enormous amount of foreign commerce carried on, all combined to strike the Aus-f tralian revisiting England with a feeling o awe, and it was only by a strong effort of the will that the mind coidd be brought to recognise the fact that it had not been always thus. was a beautiful Sunday morning, and standing there as he did his thoughts naturally enough turned back more than 800 years, and he saw green meadows before him to the east and to the west. There was a chapel building on the opposite side, ornate in its structure and admirably executed, although it was not the Abbey of to-day. The chapel of the holy Saint Edward the Confessor, was building. For 15 years it had been in course of erection, and it was the desire of the King's heart to finish it ere he died. This wish was not to be accomplished ; a few short years and. Edward the Confessor King was numbered amongst the dead, and the woes he had predicted came upon England. Earl Harold Godwinson, the greatest man in England, ascended to the throne, and Earl Harold Hardrager came from the Norse Seas claiming that land as his inheritance. He came, and received that inheritance "six feet of English ground, or as much more as his height exceeded six feet." On that day the Frenchspeaking Northmen set sail for the white cliffs of Albion, and Harold started south to meet them. The history of their meeting was soon told, the Normans remained the victors, and William was crowned in Edward the Confessor's Chapel, thus linking himself with the traditions of the laud. Briefly touching upon other points, he referred to the bringing to Westminster of the coronation stone from Scone. Since that day every sovereign of England had been crowned at Westminster. After a description of the Abbey, given in language that we cannot attempt to reproduce in these columns, Mr. Clark referred to the dead who lay there. His reference to the relics of the hero of Agincourt, and recital of the famous war cry of England— ' 4 God for Harry ! Englandand St. George!" was received with unbounded applause. One of the most masterly descriptive scenes was that referring to the procession of the illstained Anne Boleyn from the Tower to Westminster for her coronation as the Queen of Henry VUL, contrasted with her departure from the same old Tower but three short years subsequently, a poor ghost, the victim to ambition. Others celebrated in England s history were referred to, and a magnificently eloquent peroration concluded a lecture upon what he admirably described as " the loveliest and most lo veable thing in Christendom.' Mr. Clark then anounced that he hoped in about three weeks to return and deliver his lecture upon " Charles Dickens." This announcement was received with rapturous applause. 