Arrival of the San Francisco Mail in Sydney. Tho following items are df telegraph via San Francisco. Tub Eastern Question. St. Petersburg JoVy 27. — The Austrian occupation of the Island of Adakaleh bas received the sanction of the Powers, bocauee it tends to obviate difficulties touching the navigation of the Danube. Vienna. Mav 28.— Count Andrassy to-day informel the delegations that' the monarchy could not allow itself, to occupy a position of moral dependence upon other Powers. Military preparations were necessary, because of the Congress, of the assembling of which there was now a near prospect, .should lead to a European understanding, the moment would have oome for change in all frontier relations which might cause complications. The Govern ment desired to strengthen the forces in Dalmatia and Transylvania and to strengthen a few defensive positions and secure lines of communication in the event of military concentration. It would strive for the maintenance of peace and defend both European and special interests. London, May 28. — A Paris correspondent points out that tho French Government received early information of the peaceful tendency of negotiations from Berlin, and dwells upon the threefold significance of this fact : Firstly, it shows that Prince Bismarck has really contributed to the success of Count SchouvalofF s mission and the meeting: of the Congress, and that is a considerable step toward the conclusion of peaoe. Second, that the relations between Germany and France nave entered a phase which in itself constitutes a considerable element of peace. And lastly, bow hnppy has been the selection of St. Volier to represent the Republic at Berlin, and how his co-operation with M. Waddington has contributed to a peaceful policy. London, May 28.— Affairs at Constantinople begin to look less dangerous. The advance of the Russian cavalry to Pirinji, which the Turks understood to be an attempt to seize Pergos, with a view of commanding the road to Kavak, is now disavowed by General Todleben. General Skobeleff, who ordered the occupation of Pirinji, is declared to have exceeded his authority and committed an indiscre tion. The Russians have withdrawn from Pirinji, and General Todleben is said to be accordingly careful to prevent anything at this moment which would cause suspicion or create irritation. The with drawal from Pirinji, and newB from the European capital, have bo relieved previous tension that littfe fear is now entertained of an accidental collision. Both Russian and Turkish officers are indulging in pleasure excursions. Work of preparing the fortifications is greatly relaxed. . London, May 29.— A telegram from Constantinople says : The Russians' have fallen back in several other points besides the neighbourhood of Pyrgos. The Turks have withdrawn their outposts to this side of Belgrade forest. Borne, June 6.— The Pope has sent an appeal to the Powers to protect the interests of the Roman Catholics while they are regulating the affairs of Turkey. Germany. London, June 6.— A Berlin dispatch says :— Evidence is increasing of the existence of a plot to assassinate the Im? penal family. Physicians think the crisis in the Emperor's condition will not have passed until three weeks. Berlin, Jane 7.— Prussia, yesterday, submitted to the Federal Council a motion signed by Bismarck, proposing a dissolution of the Reichstag. The motion points out that, in view of the second attempt on the life of the Emperor, the Government's responsibility for the maintenance of order does sot permit him to rest content with having merely introduced a former abortive anti-Socialist bill, but thev cannot count upon another bill, which they intend to introduce, meeting with better success in the existing Beichstag. The Government, the motion says, does not irish to restrict any free legal movement. London, June 7.— The following facts and rumours will *how the state of public feeling in Germany. The editor and manager of a newspaper at Glanchau have been arrested for flie publication of Socialist writings. A committee has been formed in Berlin to purchase house No. 18, Unter den linden, from which, the Emperor was shot, and to convert it into a place of religious worship. Numerous manufactu rers have resolved to discharge all their workmen attending Socialist meetings. Between twenty and thirty pcrsonB have been arrested in various towns for express ing regret at the failure of Nobeling to kill the Emperor. At Brunswick and Barmen, men have been arrested charged with telling beforehand of Nobeling's attempt. At Hamburg, the police closed the Socialist meetings. At Wilhelmshaven, a man was arrested chattel with predicting, the day beforehand, that the Koea'g Wilhelm would sink the Grosser KurfursL ' Such,' siys the Tune*' Berlin correspondent, 'are the incredible state ments now going the rounds of the German Press. Austiua.. Vienna, June 7. — The time was when such a meeting as the coming Congress would have been preceded by a private communion of Prince Gortehakoff anl Count Anlrassy with Prince Bismarck ; but the facts that Count Andrassy does not leave Vienna until the 11th instant, and that an order has been issued to mobilize 100,0900 Austrian troops instead of 50,000, offer a guarantee that the ghost of the triple alliance will not trouble the deliberations of the Congress. Vienna, June 7.— The Lower House of the Reichsrath to-day finally passed the bill providing means for realiz ing the 60,O-iO,OO0 florins credit. The Austrian and Hun garian delegations arrived at an agreement on the points of the Budget on which they hnd hitherto differed. The ses sion of the Austrian delegation has closed. The Position of France. Versailles, June 7. — In the Chamber of Deputies this afternoon Uxe Minister of Foreign Affairs, in answer to an interpellation on the Eastern question, read the reply of the French Government to the invitation to the Congress, con senting to participate on the condition that the discussion be confined to the questions immediately raised by the war. The Minister assured the Deputies that the maintenance of peace was now almost certain. The Chamber unanimously expressed its approval of the Minister's statement. London, June 8.— A St. Petersburg despatch says: — The terms of the Russo-English arrangement are said to bo more satisfactory than expected. Great confidence is felt in the result of the Congress. The most serious difficulty for the moment is Austria's objection to the cession of Anti vari to Monienegro. A Vienna correspondent says: — In consequence of the dread of Socialism, Russia's present policy seems to be to make peace quickly. ?socialist Plot. New York, June 7. — A Herald cablegram says: — Great reserve is maintained at police headquarters in Scotland Yard regarding the alleged Socialist plot. It has evidently been ascertained that both in London and Paris an im portant event was expected to occur in Ber.in on the day that Nobeling fired at the Emperor. Private letters re ceived from Berlin to-day speak of the public feeling as being profoundly disturbed. No one ventures to speak openly in extenuation of Nobeling's crime, but in private men fay that the country is rife for republicanism. France now under republican rule for seven years is prosperous, rich, and happy. Germany, under an empire, is poor, de presRed, and wretched. Worse still, the alliance between the Czar and the Emperor is dangerous. Germany may find herself dragged into a war with which she has no concern. She is kept with her hand upon her sword, and her people — many of whop find it difficult to get bread to eat — are com pelled to maintain an immense army. The popularity of the Crown Prince is as nothing compared with that of the Emperor. Should the latter die, a Republican revolution might be attempted. 