TALES AND SKETCHES. SORROW'S CROWN: AN OLD LADY'S STORY. A GROUP of fair young girls within, and I, standing on the balcony hidden by the thin muslin curtain, heard every word they said. Without any intention of listening, I had been arrested by the words :-"Say what you like, girls; he may be rich and all that, but I would not marry such a horrid old wretch-no, not if he could give me dresses posi- tively covered with diamonds. " The speaker was only a poor curate's daughter, and yet how nobly she showed her contempt for a mercenary marriage ! " This pink-satin dress is very lovely, and I daresay the lace cost a guinea a yard ; and yet Bella, I agree with you-I should hate to put it on if Mr. Bruce was the only person by to admire me in it." " You two girls are very spiteful," said pretty little Rose Grey ; ' * how do you know that Mary does not love Mr. Bruce?" "Love Mr. Bruce!" they all cried, laughing ; " one might as well love an old mummy. Why, he's old enough to be everybody's great-grandfather ! He's quite as musty and dried up as one of his own old law papers ; and she only seventeen ! " I waited to hear no more. With their voices ringing in my ears, I turned and fled to my own little room. Their thoughtless words, spoken in mere fun, how they lacerated my already-aching hearb ! "They all feel as I do !" I cried passionately, as I paced the room ; they all see through my heart and despise me, thinking I have sold myself for such rubbish as a few pretty dresses !" Yes, I hated him ; on the eve of being married I hated the man who was to be my husband. I hated his appear- ance-his long, sharp, shrewd face, framed by whiskers of a fading hue ; his deeply-set, restless grey eyes, his hard thin voice, the very shadow his spare tall figure cast on the walls, I hated. I had just left school when I first saw him ; he came home with my father one afternoon, and remained to dinner. Father was a banker, and he often brought gentlemen home to dinner. "What a horrid old thing he is, mother ! " I said, when we had left the two men over their wine. Mother had no suspicion of the end, I know. She smiled down on me as I sat on the stool at her feet. " He was not ugly in his youth," she said; "not at all ugly." " Then you have known him a long time, mother ! " I cried, in surprise. " Very many years, Mary ; " and mother really blushed ; " when I was about your age he was very anxious that I should marry him." "Fancy," I cried, laughing, "an odd old thing like that ever having been in love !" " He was not old or odd in those days," mother said, with dignity ; you express yourself very strongly, Mary. You should remember that you are no longer a school-girl." I looked up at mother in astonishment ; there was genuine displeasure in her face. " Tell me about it," I said, nestling closer to her. " There is not much to tell, Mary," she said, with her usual gentle smile ; "it was years ago, and I was a bright pretty girl in those days, when my two lovers came wooing-Robert Bruce and your father. Your father was only a clerk then in the bank, and Robert was articled to a lawyer in London. Your father was always on the spot, his love was always round me ; he would call daily and take me out-one day to a picnic, another for a ramble, and some- times to a concert. Mr. Bruce could only come down from London now and then. He was a very shy youth, and I had no idea how much he loved me till one evening at Christmas time. We were at a ball at old Squire Grey's when Robert Bruce asked me to be his wife. I was but a young foolish thing in those days ; so, instead of gently refusing him at the time, I put him off ; and that same night your father proposed too. Then I knew which I loved, for I felt a quick sudden joy at your father's words, while Robert's had only gratified my vanity. I did not see Mr. Bruce after that for three months, and then he asked me again to be his wife, telling me how he had lived all the time on my vague half promise. 'But, Mr. Bruce,' I said, ' I am engaged to Wil- liam Fairston.' I shall never forget bis face, Mary; he became pale as death ; the colour even left his lips. Without one word to me, he turned and left the room» I ran after him, for I feared he was going to do something rash, with that set awful look on his face. I caught his hand. ' Don't go yet,' I cried ; ' you are not well.' He held my hand for one moment, and raised it to his lips. 1 God bless you, Jenny,' he said; ' and may you be always happy ! ' I had been married some ten years when I saw him again. He had then grown into a shrewd mau of the world, and people j were talking of his talent and wealth. I believe he has several times helped your father very much in the bank." " Was that your only romance mother ? " I aßked. " I had only two lovers," she said, smiling ; " your father and Mr. Bruce ; when I was young it was not the fashion for girls to pick and choose as they do now." Father and Mr. Bruce came in for coffee. Father seemed in wonderful spirits, and tried to be witty with a few stale jokes. Very ghosts of fun they were, and not at all appro- priate. Thinking of mother's story, I looked furtively ab Mr. Bruce as he stood, tall and angular, with his back to the fire, his coffee-cup in one hand, and the saucer in the other. The whole man looked cautious, shrewd, but real nobility surely never belonged to him. When our visitor was gone, father fussily said-"Jane, we shan't have our little girl with us much longer. There will be a trousseau to get soon, and I suppose you two women will be picking my pockets finely." Mother looked up meekly at her lord and master. Nineteen years of married life, and yet she did not thoroughly understand him, and would often excuse his actions with a gentle, "It's your father's way, dear," as though "father's way," being utterly incomprehensible, must be treated with respect, and not questioned too closely. Father was a tyrant, and my gentle patient mother, all un- consciously, had made him one. "What do you say to being married ? " he said, pinching my cheek. Had I been Juliet I should have said, "It is an houour that I dream not of ;" but being simple little Mary Fairston, I only stared at father, which seemed to irritate him, for he said angrily " Have you two women lost the use of your tongues, that you both look at me in that imbecile manner ?" " No, no, dear," said mother, trying to smile. "I gave you credit for more sense, jane," said father loftily; a rich gentle- manly man comes and asks me for Mary, and, instead of being pleased, you stare at me in a most absurd manner." " A man asked for me," I cried. " Some one proposed for Mary !" said mother. "I did not know that my remark deserved a chorus ;" and father smiled satirically. " You surprised me so, " said mother, apologetically ; "who is it, William?" "Robert Bruce," he said, "why, what's in the woman to night?" for mother uttered a sudden cry. "No, no, no !" she said ; Mary shall never marry so old a man. "Of course not, mother!" I said " That man!" " Leave the room, Mary, this instant," father said passionately - "this instant!" I kissed mother. She seemed to cling to me for a moment, and then gently pushed me from her. I knew she feared angering father. " Good night, darling," she whispered; there, go-go." "Marry Mr. Bruce ! " t said to myself as I went upstairs ; "father must be mad to think of such a thing." The next morning, before I was up, mother came into my room ; her dear face looked pale and haggard, and by her eyes I knew she had been crying. " Mother, what is the matter," I asked. "My darling," she said, folding me in her arms, "my poor darling!" "What is the matter, dearest mother," I asked again. " Oh, this cruel marriage !" she moaned. " But it is impossible, " I cried ; "father was only jesting." " No, no, Mary ; your father was terribly in earnest-my poor lamb." "This is nonsense!" I said sharply ; "I won't marry unless I like !" aud I sprang out of bed and began dressing quickly; "I'll go out aa a governess first, mother! Catch me marrying that horrid old man!" Father did not say a word all breakfast-time ; he hid himself completely behind a spread sheet of the Times. I was glad when the meal was over and I could run out of the room. Coming home from a short walk, I met father on his way to the bank. " Go into your mother," he said; "she has something to say to you." "About Mr. Bruce," I said saucily. But he walked on without taking any notice. " Mother," said I, "you have something to say to me ; what is it ? I have just met father looking as cross as two sticks." "Your father is not cross, Mary; he is terribly worried," mother said; he never confided in me the load of trouble he carried daily, the cruel anxiety- All his cross ways are explained now, Mary," she exclaimed, suddenly turning to me; "your father is ruined; he is a beggar !" "A beggar ?" " Yes, child ; the bank has utterly failed," and poor mother covered her face, sobbing bitterly. "Ts it so bad as that, mother ?" I said, trying to soothe her. " Yes, Mary ; the worst has come, and you alone can save us. Mr. Bruce has offered to become a partner in the bank, and his great wealth will set it up again. Oh, Mary," she cried, throwing herself down on her knees before me ; " oh, my child, save your father ! If he fails, think of the hun- dreds that will be plunged into poverty, think of the curses that will follow his name-curses wrung from poor hard- working people who have trusted their earnings to his keep- ing ; poor folks, many of them, who have saved all their lives, and are now too old for work. Think of your father and mother poor and disgraced. Oh Mary, it is in your hands! You can save us !" "Oh, mother, mother!" I sobbed. "If you refuse now," she continued pitilessly for those gentle natures, once roused, can often- be hard and firm-"you will repent it all your life. They may even transport your father." " Oh mother," I cried, "hush, hush ! I will do anything-even marry Mr. Bruce." Ours was a very unromantic engagement. I did honestly try to like Mr. Bruce ; but the man was thoroughly wedded to his own opinions and ideas, and they were all so opposed to my thoughts on any subject, that it was not strange, perhaps, how I grew to hate his precise dogmatical manner. I often felt as though I could never fulfil this engagement ; and then would come the fearful thought of my father in prison, and mother and myself starving in a garret, cut and despised by all our present friends. This thought nerved me for the sacrifice, and made me treat Mr. Bruce at least with civility. But my wayward restless heart knew its own burden. Mother alone knew, mother alone sympathised ; but her love was so cruelly divided-either I or father must suffer ; and my marrying a man I hated seemed the lesser evil of the two. " You may grow to understand and like him in time," she would say, with the tears in her kind blue eyes. And I, growing apathetic, would answer, " Per- haps, mother." So the time passed all too quickly, and my wedding-day arrived. I shall never forget the agony of that morning. The ceremony was over, and mother had come up with me to change my bridal finery for a quiet travelling costume. Ah, me ! it was the last time mother's gentle hands ever dressed me. 'As though some presentiment of the future was upon us, we clung to each other weeping. It was a bitter parting. I don't believe mother realised till then how thoroughly she had lost me, and what a miserable future we both had in store. " If you only loved him," she moaned ; "if you only loved him !" "Perhaps I may in time," I sobbed, trying to comfort her. The hollowness of her own words smote her to the heart I knew, for she held, me closer with a piteous helplessness. I cannot write of that honeymoon We had been uncon- genial companious before marriage ; and constant companion- ship, instead of drawing us nearer, seemed daily to widen the breach between us. If I had hated him before, I grew to hate him doubly afterwards.. We chose no pretty secluded spot in which to spend our honeymoon, but travelled from one large continental town to another, like people on a voyage of discovery, visiting every place of note in each. Paris was left till the last. " We shall be there just in the sea- son," my husband said ; " and if you like, Mary, we will stay a month." We found all Paris raving about the talent of a young Italian artist, Claud Veronese. It waa the fashion to have one's portrait painted by him in miniature, and report said the likenesses were always something marvellous. "Mary," said my husband one day, " I have arranged with Signor Veronese to have your portrait painted. To-morrow at three o'clock he has timed for the first sitting." " What a bother !" I said ungraciously; "of course he will keep me sitting in one uncomfortable position until I am tired to death." We found the fashionable artist's studio crowded with the elite of Paris-ladies in most ravishing costumes, and men of all ages and many nations. In fact " the Vero- nese gallery " was quite a fashionable lounge. My husband gave his card to one of the servants who were standing about,, and we were shown into a small private room, where the artist speedily joined us. I have never in my life seen so handsome a man as Claud Veronese. His face was simply beautiful. The clear-cut delicate features, the sweet full mouth, the eyes large, soft, and dreamy-in colour a deep dark blue-and from off his temples the auburn hair fell in curling profusion. There may have been affectation in the length of that wavy hair that lay in such fair contrast on the black velvet of his coat ; but if so I did not notice it» The whole man looked a picture, and a very perfect one. From that day my life took colour. I did not suspect the new sweet glory that so suddenly brightened everything. I only seemed to live iu, and to live for, that one short hour every day I passed in Claud's private study. I did not realise that this was love ; .I only knew that his beauty was ever present in my mind's eye, and that I loved it as one may love anything that is perfect and fair in nature. I only knew that, after Robert's harsh grating tones, the sound of his low soft voice was very pleasant, and that his conversa- tion was full of poetry and beauty. At first my husband sat with us ; but very soon his unromantic nature grew tired of Claud and Claud's study, and we were left alone. As he was talking in my husband's presence, so Signor Veronese talked when we were alone ; but to me there was a halo round every word he said, and a strange new something that made me happy in the very fact of being near him. I would . watch the white shapely fingers as they created life and colour on the dull grey canvas ; I would listen to his tales of art and art's children, told in the glowing language of a poet ; and I would look upon the debonnair perfect face of the man before me till, all unconsciously, I grew to love Claud Veronese with a woman's first and only love. The last day of my sitting arrived. " Madame," he said, "how do you like it ?" Could that picture possibly be me ? True, there was my tangled wavy air, my little meaningless nose ; but there the resemblance seemed to end. Surely my eyes never beamed like that. Surely my mouth never curved with such sweet loving beauty. Surely that name- less glory never shone from my little common- place face. " That is not me, signor," I said ; " you have beautified my picture." "It is as you looked to me," he said, raising his eyes, and I knew then that I loved, and was loved in return. He caught my hand aud raised it to his lips. I snatched it from him. " How dare you ?" I cried, passion- ately ; but my anger was not at his presumption, but at the thought that I was married, and that, loving as we did, our love must die, because I belonged to Robert Bruce " For- give me, Madame," he said, shrinking slightly from the black frown on his face. "I have nothing to forgive," I said, in a softer tone. "No, no," he cried, wildly; "you have nothing to forgive ; you condescend to overlook the insolence, you cold, proud English lady ! But I have dared to love you ; I have dared to live on the very thought of your presence till my heart is on (ire, and I feel mad !" "This is is my last sitting, signor," I said, trying to speak with dignity ; "let me carry away a pleasaut recollection of the time I have passed in this room." " It shall not be the last," he cried, seizing a brush and roughly daubing the delicately pictured hand ; " you must come again, madame, to let me finish your portrait." I looked at him in astonishment ; the handsome daring face grew tender in a moment. " Pardon me, madame, if 1 have frightened you with my mad words ; henceforth I will be more guarded." Just at that moment my husband came in. " It's finished, I suppose ?" he said, " All but the hand," answered Signor Veronese ; "Madame will kindly sit for me again to-morrow." " Can't you manage the hand without the lady ?" and Robert smiled grimly at his own joke. "No, no," Claud said quickly ; "the hand must be copied from nature. My profession and my position demand perfection in every detail." "Bless my soul!" cried my husband, walking up to the easel, "you-don't call the-this wild-looking thing my wife ?" There was an angry gleam in Claud's eyes for one moment, but they softened suddenly as he said-" I can paint another picture of madame if you do not consider this one satisfactory." " Thank you very much, Signor Veronese ; I must say I don't like the picture. My wife is ah Euglish lady, sir, not an actress. The face in that picture has a thorough stage stamp. How could I hang such a portrait up in my house, and shew it to my children as a likeness of their mother ; no modest English woman ever had such an expression on her face. I most certainly should like another picture painted." " I shall be very happy to oblige you." Claude said, "and I will, with your permisssion aud madame's, keep this portrait. It will make a pretty fancy picture, with a few wild flowers in the hair. " " What a fool that Veronese is !" said my husband, as we left the house ; can't paint a portrait without trying to put some rubbishing unnatural expression into the face." We had to wait some minutes for our carriage, when I suddenly discovered that I had left my fan behind. " Run up again aud fetch it," Robert said, " and don't stop talking to that romantic ass." I entered the room so .softly that Claud did not hear me. He was seated by the table, with his head on his arms. I went up to him "Claud," I said. He raised his face, white and haggard. I had unconsciously called him by his Christian name. "My darling," he cried, starting up and catching me to his heart; "oh, my darling !" A heavy footstep sounded in the passage.. I drew myself quickly from his arms ; but too late ! There, in the doorway, stood my husband, his face livid with fury, his eyes positively blazing. On a side table near, among many costly trifles, lay a jewelled dagger. With the quick murderer's instinct of hate my husband ¡seized it, and rushing on Claud, plunged it into his side. Without a groan he fell heavily to the floor. My wild ?piercing shrieks filled the room with people, who secured the murderer. I flew to Claud and raised his head. He was not dead ; the large soft eyes looked up at me with an agony of yearning love. In answer I bent down and laid my lipa on his, and in the bliss of that first and last kiss of love his spirit passed away. I felt his lips relax under the burning passionate life of my own, and after that I knew no more. All has been a blank. They say that I am mad, but now my mind is very clear ; they find me harmless, so I am allowed to wander about the house and grounds. I am in a private mad house. They treat me kindly. I know that the past was many years ago, for my hair is snow white, and the face that meets mine from out the looking-glass is the face of a very old woman. I am not mad now ; but there are times when I live over the glory of my short love-dream again ; and, sitting here in the gloaming, I long for the return of my madness, for then I forget the dull lonely mad-house, and am again in Claud's pretty study ; and,¡instead of[the harsh-voiced attendants, I hear his gentle words of love, aud am young and fair again. Oh, come, madness ; and let our lips meet once more in the cruel joy of that long passionate death- kiss.-Abridged from Tinsleifs Magazine 