J.N the Assembly. 0:1 "Wednesday last, the senior member for Wooreora — Mr. Bright moved- " That in tin opinion of this iloip.oi! is. expedient to amend so much of tin I. town Land.-. Consolidation Act, No. Sii. 1877. as prevents the granting of sections of land containing more than 500 acres, whieh was surveyed prior to the passing of the said Act."' That the appli cation of Donald Mel 'iariiiid. on the 3rd. of June, for the purchase of Section 55, Hundred of ( 'ttmbowie. containing 640 acres which was surveyed previously to the passing of the Act, No. 86, 1877, and not previously withdrawn from sale, should in pursuance of clause 40 of the said Act lie complied with." 51 r. Bright is un doubtedly to be commended for the action hehas taken in this matter. It seems ridi culous in the extreme that there should be the possibility of annoyance to the selector of land as there unquestionably exists under the Act passed last year. It will be remembered that when the ques tion came 011 for discussion last year, it was suggested that 110 section should be surveyed of a larger area than 300 acres, and this view was endorsed by the As- s '.ublv. but the Lords extended the area to 50J acres ami so the clause stands. But it seems that tlm erudite and astute members of both Houses of Legislature lost sight of the necessity of resurveying t!io.se sections of larger area, that had been surveyed previous to the passing of the Crown Lands Consolidation Act of 1877, and thus we find that selectors are placed in anything but an enviable position. We think with 5Ir. Bright that it is straining the Act to a very considerable extent to refuse to sell the land that had been sur veyed before the Act of 1877 came into operation. However, as the legal profes sion lias been consulted, and have decided that the Government has 110 power to sell, or agreeing to sell any block exceeding 500 acres, there is no way out of the diffi culty. but to move in the Assemby for its being rescinded, or a clause passed to legalise the sale of these sections. 5tr Bright .showed by practical illustra tion the expense ami annoyance selectors .-/ere liable to under the existing law. He cited a case which had come within his own cognizance. A 5Ir Donald 5FcDiar- mid wished to take up a section containing 501 acres, just one acre in excess of the quantity stipulated by the Act. His ap plication was refused, and we certainlv e incur with 5Ir Bright when lie said that in this particular case the Act had been unnecessarily strained. The cost of a re- survey of tlie large quantities of land that now 1ms unsold and that cannot be legally s fid will be something enormous, and we contend that this in itself is quite sufficient warranty for an amendment of the f-xist.ing Act,. \\\ ere this done a large sum of money would lie saved and a " boon con ferred upon settlers who were anxious to take up sections it I ready sui-veved." 5H- 11 ounsevel! followed in a brief speech and expressed It is intention t,o support the motion. The ( Dniniixsiouor of Crown Lands said " he had no opposition to offer to the first part of .Mr Bright's motion, provided the House were prepared to as sist the Government in passing a short Bill having for its sole object the anuuid- nientof the Act in this particular instance." This statement was received by the House with laughter, the facetious proclivities of the lion, gentleman upon this occasion having succeeded in tickling lion, mem bers. Speaking seriously, however, 5lr Play ford expressed himself desirous of getting over the difficulty that existed, and said that had any loophole presented it- B"if lie woidd only too gladly have availed himself of it ; but in the fact of the enact ment that " 110 Crown Lands shall be granted or contracted to be granted iti fee | simple. Ac.. Ae., he was perfectly power- j less. There was 110 attempt on the part i of the Commissioner to deny thai the Act 1 of 1877 contained defects, and this was, \ undoubtedly, one of tlieni. and anotluT : was that "the power formerly possessed : by a selector of purchasing any quantity not exceeding 50 acres, which, on making ' up his maximum area lie found his section to contain in excess of the quantity allowed ' by the Act. 5Ir Play ford, in stating his intention to bring in a B:!l to deal with j the quest-ion, said. " on Yorkes Peninsula one man seleeted a section containing one j acre more than lie lie was strictly entitled ; to according to law. The whole section j and the deposit paid upon it was liable to J forfeiture : but lie had strained the law in that case, and allowed the man to take ; up his section and cut the one acre off it. . In the Bill lie proposed to bring in. power ; would bo given to such a man to jiurclta.se : that acre." 5Ir. Krichattlf sjioke in favor I of the first part of his motion in his usual ! | terse and common sense style. The Hon. j ; L. Glyde failed to show the unadvisability j j of following the motion moved ly 5Ir. , Bright, and his arguments were certainly j j not nearly so good as they usually are. j j He expressed a fear that if tlie Bill were j introduced, the 500 acre question would ' i be re-opened, and great difficulty would be. j experienced in " laying the ghost" then ; raised, but 5lr. GJvde eertainlv forgets j . _ . o ! that the existence, of the elau.se referred | to exorcises any but a bciclicial in ' finance upon selectors ; and if it either ' lias the effect of retarding the selection of : land ly a well to do yeomanry or ueccssi- j tates' tlie exjieuditure of large sums of j money for re -surveys, it. should at once be j rej»ealed ami a iinu-e equitable clause in- : scrted. 5essrs Bray and < 'arr both sjioke | in favor of the Bill, and the ( 'ommissioiier j of Grown - Lands and 51 r Bright were ap- , pointed to j inquire ami bring i.i a Bill. j Our readers are remin led of the public nriet- ! ing convened for Thursday evening flo-iuorrow) j at Martin's Hotel. Gladstone, to eoin i.'n-r the j question of railway extension to Georgetown, j Some little misunderstanding having arisen as ! to the object for which the proposed Suhserip- 1 tion Ball, <>11 the 12th pro:;, is to beheld, we are j requested to state that the net pnuiecds will be i handed over to the ( 'onanittee of the < Jads.tone j Institute towards .paying oii" the debt on tlie i building. | A young man named Walter Berry, employed j by Mr W. James, builder, of Crystal Kr< 'ok, had ; his leg broken on the afternoon of the l'.Hh inst.. i . j through the horse which lie was riding slipping and falling on him. Under the care of Dr. Par- ! kinsoii, he is pn 'grossing satisfactory, i Hitherto we have ei. joyed immunity from | those annoying, and in too many eases serious results, accruing from practical jokes, and we have had reason to congratulate ourselves upon anything approaching larrikinism : but on Wed nesday night Mr Stephenson, of Georgetown, was the subject of either a practical joke, or the victim of some malicious person. Whilst Mr .Stephenson was attending the presentation to J. D. Willshire, Esq., .1.1'., at the ( leorgctown Hotel, some person or persons distributed the contents of a keg of tar before his store, and broached two tins of kerosine. This wilful des truction of properly is deserving of the utmost j imposition of punishment tlie law admits, and | we trust that Mr Stephenson will be successful I in discovering the miscreant. It will be —.-en by j an advertisement appearing in our business ! columns that Mi' .Stephenson oiler a reward of j £10 for information that will lead to the dis covery of the perpetrator of the deed. The secretary of the Laura Rifle Club is in receipt of a circular from the honorary seceretary of the South Australian Rifle Association, con taining the suggestions of Colonel Downes. com mandant of the Volunteer Force, on the altera tion of the constitution of the association with a view of obtaining a measure of the Government support, in issuing a beter class of weapons, and other advantages tending to improve the stand ing of the Rifle Clubs, formed on the basis of the South Australian Association. The condi tions are as follows: — 1. The formation of a National Rifle Association, under Government sanction, which body will be the only recognised medium of communication between the Govern ment and Rifle Clubs generally. 2. The Govcrn- ment of such Association by a Council in Ade laide, whose Constitution shall comprise one or more representatives from each Club. 3. Each rifleman joining the Association to sign a simple declaration of allegiance to Her Majesty the Queen, and an acknowledgment of his willing ness to assist when called upon in defence of the colony in case of invasion, or in any extraordin ary emergency. 4. Each Club to select its own officers, subject to Government approval; and its members to undergo a certain amount of drill to qualify them to act in concert. 5. Every member to wear either a distinguishing badge or uniform as may hereafter be agreed upon ; and each Club to undergo a periodical inspection. The advantages to be derived by acceptance of these conditions may be summarised as follows : — 1. The immediate loan of tlie Brændin-Albini Breechloading Rifles, with the almost certain prospect of obtaining the Martini-Henry as soon as the additional supply arrives. Colonel Downes having signified his intention to do his utmost to obtain the issue of that description of rifle to every member. 2. The supply of ammunition up to a certain limit free of cost. 3. The use of the Government Rifle Ranges, under the Govern- ment markers. 4. The use of Drill Shed. By reference to our business columns it will be ob- served that a meeting of the Laura Rifle Club is convened for Saturday afternoon next, for the pose of considering the above suggestions. The honorary secretary of the Club at Laura, Mr Nesbit, will receive the names of persons wish- ing to join the Association. 