HOP R If hop tea be apjd with the palm of the hand to any sace afflicted with pain, the pain in mostses will instantly disappear.' ' Have thfcea milk: warm, oip your nana in t tea, tnen run briskly up and downfeveral times. If the pain is chronic, ikill require more rubbing to banish it This treatment cures rheumatism, nerigM disease Of the spine, conges tion,jleurisy, - kidney difiRiWP-tliflAMA nf tliabarf anfl a i?rea.t many otiier diseases, persons -who are weak and debilitated a be pnt on their feet in a few' days b this treatment. The rubbing must be lone by a person of nervous temperamenvo insure success. \- . Here's heirith fo povity ! It sticks to us when all our f rieiis desert Tis. An Aberdeen' wb manjiae applied, to be afooiuted constable, deaairing of catching a mau in -any qtfier \- -Of a barber's shop tbi iwaBS-formerly a -late office thepapet foylthkt people get sHavfedfoere jost the satre. Why is a woman deformed when "she is mending her stocfcingB !— Because her hands are where her-feet ought to be. A. person whonfod'atteqdedajStqpid lecture being asked if ev-erytiung.weat off 7...' ynpjfT crockery dealer to"fo|inm be was intro duced. . "Ah, yes; yon sell tea sets, and I sell settees." , . " Who are pearemskera.S1" asked an Aberdeen minister of his Sunday school class. . " The poUce' quickly replied one of the iads. " Never take a bull bi the horns, .yonog man," couDsels Josh Billings, " but . take bim bi the tale ; then yon kan let go when you want to." " ' " Pongist (doing secondhand heavy) — " Dawg's biscoits, eh f Aw !" Barmaid — : " No, sir, not dog's biscuits, though a great mapy puppies eat them." \- A little stealiog is a dangerous part, biit stealing largely is a' noble art; 'tis' mean to rob a henroost of a hen, bat stealing thousands makes ns gentlemen. A boy at school, -on being asked to describe-a kitten, said, " A kitten is re markable 'for rushing like mad at nothing whatever, and stopping before it gets there." \- Old Qent. — " We have lost our way, boy ; ran yon direct us !" Boy — " If a 01a gent -use you ioses nis way— can t expect a boy like ma to find it -for b'«" —not for nothing !" The boy who tried to palp qff red ink for nose-bleed on one of our teachers 'is the ..boy. who sat on a burning deck shortly afterwards. The . teacher put it on him with a shingla " A Keokuk man is of. opinion that about the first bit of Scripttire a boy gets knocked into bim is when- he- is fore; footed' and steps on a bee. Then he realizes that "" there 'fo a time fo dance."! „ f -Whatia the!meahiag of a backbiter 1"> asked a : gentleman at a Sunday-school examination. Thjs ;wati 'a puztlef. It went -down the class until -it came to a Simple nrehin; who said, " Perhaps it'a a' Ate-" . ' . "!' .n<The7 best thing ever said" of ghosts was qEB by " ® feridgh;!wheh; uked by A W? If he'beiievedin them. "No, madam ; I have seen too-many to believe in them." -!.iA man who went info; stock sjpe&dfo-;! tions was foet'by a friend, who asked him if he'had niade anything.- " Yfo," toid he, "I .made aa assignment this morning." - . Fox'was, asked the meaning ; of the forse, he clothed himself with: cursing; like ns with a garment." Fox replied, " It is clear euough ; the man had a habit of swearing." Speaking of babies, did you ever think wh'e'n-you saw a very tittle one, :idroS8ed np Mi it wsiikea sixpence tied in the corner of ti! pocket '-handkerchief I A suhacriber- wrote a j onrnM . to inrice Bom&enquirieB; about the next " World's Fair." The wicked editor replied that he was bnder' the impression' that the foextllorld'woridn't have iiyfoir. . ; A huBband.who only -opposed his! wife's illhUmour by eilence, was told by a friend tfofo.lh.'Sva8.- bf bfo wife. A it fo not she 1 am afrfod of," replied the bus- .inSihrieiH® fPgiWi "hsked.a|ittie gjrloifher mother the other morning. " Why, my child, what ' do yon mean J" "Oh, nothing I cmly l heard you say to Bridget ' Boy lega tor breakfast' " " Does yow afoter Annie Avar say any thing abpnt me, .Sissy'F asked au anxioiis, reply, " she said ifyon had rockfifS-Atr' your shoes they'd' makfe'a fofo. cpdle/for my doll." ' Tonal—" Whar'll .yo has been till, Tugal i" Tngal— " At ta; McTavfoha funeral-" Tonal-" AndisMcTavish deedi" Tugal— "Deed is he j Ton77 "LoBh mon ! Fowk are deem noo that never used to dee sffore 1" _ It 'fo said ;of the chief of the Chinese I EmbasSy that when he was asked how all the Chinese fo America would get btek tb Chifob'be '#bed Thfif | .all go to Ireland'; that is the only 1 country that the Irish do not rule. ! A London gentleman went rnto.a weu- known fashionable tailor'e, and; address- ing the master arid, "1 befoeve you make for the Prince of Wales i ' Wales, Wales 1" repeated the snip, reflectively. Then,-calling tohis clerk.said, "Jenkins, takedown the ledger and look Undejr | «' W,' and foe If we have got a customer I called the Prince of Wales." : A boy ih -Banbury, wno was wm should always fay to cheer the aged, tried '« three times three" on his grandmother, and the old lady was so startled that ahe spilled a boxful of snuff on him. He looks upon the beauties of nature with his left eye new. . j I " I suppose," said a httle five-year-old, in her quiet, flioughtful way, " I suppose there are meu under ground that push up the flowers, don't you, mamma 1 I j.. woman-found a house that pleased I . . . . .11 1 -A anv I her. tout me oacx»iu satisfaction. The fence didn.t contam a single not hole, and she said she wasnt going to break'her neck by cUmbmg on I top of an old parrel to see what was going | on in the next yatd. I It is pleasant to see a husband and wile 1 play draw poker, whAbthe wife holds the I poker, and the himband sneaks off to 1 the nearest lager beer saloon, and tells 1 hisfriends that he is trying to - enjoy I himself. t , I Why ought poultry- keeping to be a most profitable bssiness ? Because for every gram yon give a fowl it gives a prek. a _ . _x I- naAnfll wVlAfl A m&II; iikCB AUgUHt 10 tUC . _ . to sleep late in the mprrnng. It is » sweet solace to many men to know halt dreamily, that they do not need- to get up and light the fire. But wait until December. A B-USSIAIT AGENT EN DANBOBV.- A Hussion agent was in Danbury to buy a lot of steam-ships, but foiling to oout plete tatiefactory negotiations, -iie took two skirts from a clothes-lins belongiD to a pereon named Muriarty, and returned toBasaa-T V _ > . . 11: it : J « liffln fnrrr-'Vflfl.r-Old. 't BaW something run across the . kitchen floor this morning without any lege ; what do you think it was I" The mother guessed variobs legless worms afod .foiUg and finally gave it np when the little fellow said, " Why, ma, it was the wate.' A country girl, describing her first kiss, told her iemale friend that- she never knew, .bow it, happened, but the last thing she remembered, was ' a sUUsation AffightiDg fork bfeath in- a hothouse fid! of violets, with tife ventilation checked by blushes iand tulips. At a funeral in Ireland the clergyman had not been informed of the aexp? the deceased. !: 'He accordingly leaned o vet to theaerton and said: "Shall I wy brother or foster here departed. ifs neither, sirr," whispered the man : answers thus : — K Whose houBe is this V| ' Mnggs'." " Of what built ?" "Logs." "Any neighbours i "rrogs. "What fo the 8oil i" "Bpgs," "The climate I" " Fogs," " What do you live on ?" " Hogs." 0 How do you catch theihl" " Dogs." Sir -Thomas Echlin, the seventh baronet of that family in Ireland, fo serving as a common policeman in the Royal Irish Constabulary in Dublin. The f onnder of the family went over from" England as a ProteBtant ' bishop in the time of James L, and his grandson be came. the first baronet in 1721. For the first time since May 30, 1778, the windows -of the room in which" Voltaire died were opened. The house, which forms the corner of the Qoai Voltaire and the Rue de Beaune, be longed to the Marquise Vilette at the time of Voltaire's death ; and, in memory, of the philosopher; she caused the windows to be closed immediately he" expired, and a special clanse in her will ordered that they should not be opened UIlvU tt UUUUIOU U0to uau uviu that date. C unions Mottos. — The trade mottos of some of the London Associations are curious. The blacksmiths, for instance, have, " By hammer and hands all arts jjo stand " ; the distillers, " Drop ah rain, distil as dew " ; ithe founders, " God the: only founder " ; the in- keeper, " Come, ye blessed, whtn I was. harbourless ye lodged me"; the -joiners, "Join loyalty and liberty" ; the saddlers, " Hold fast, sit sure " ; the weavers, " Weave troth with , trust " ; and the needlemakers, "They sewed leaves together, -and made thetnselveB aprons." ; ;A gentleman was sitting at a dinner party next to a beautiful lady, whose dress was'what the French called dicoUeti; wjiicli; means, I, believe,, very beantifuL A footman was handing ronnd "the ice j the fody was 'leaping forward, but, as the f ootm an passed, suddenly least rback and' struck his hand holding the dish. 'The spoon,. pnfoping'a jump of ice, fell down her back inside the beautiful or d&colletk; dress X Wtfot wos tiie gentiemtin'fo do I I ask for no answer, And am trying to forget t!he case.— , . . ; . \- V WhatisfhisS "asked a proudparent of bis Jittie'bayproduang b garteh" biscuit, Shaped -like a.- : letter!! A. " A cracker, "said young hppefuL " Yes," said the. fother rather; ' token down, " I kno w it's A cracker, bnt whist does . it look-like ! !> ' " A hai'row>" answeted the boy, trijjfifobbftMyi made for thedoor,; while the father rumi- natedpn jbe Ji£5tinliiK(Af -object, teach- inga3T"J-- All:.- OS?, "to "..CSCiCl I: t"- 3 O.C A presiding elder bfT the Methodist Charch aBked A hrother' whb" Aspired to a license what was the- difference between an exhorter and a prtAcher. !. "Weil, yon she,1" .w'fo'thpAifew.er, "a;preaaher":.takes a text and sticks to it, but ' an exhorter ain't bphb <tb! tidL He might faaye added that the preachers doh't stick very long of very fast "to their forts. The£ rather hoy®fT the advire oft-M- tiarky who -chaiged young ministers in pfoachinj; AbfoA! things : — First, always takeji A texx j second, get away from it as foht snd As for as yon ,can; and third, nevertiy togtit back toot. & 0 : j Thfoi is ' from ;the Hebrpt: fohira fo m>tOitiaptopriM« AO our own flays. Three | — the ear, foe eye,,an!i foe -tongue but to each he Attophed the means of guard ing against abiise. To Ahe "'ear 'he at tached the fop..as Ar reaay rtop hMb8> - sp9 " heighbonrfo thy prasenca ; theTeye -he protected by lida _ tbat. always be able to' ©over them wnen un seemly .sights' are presented j- rand the i tongue, ( the most precious, and at tne Same-time: dangerous organ, he encased _ a li «n/? hone that toou majest nndArafofid that redonbled watchfulness" Is Talmud " A tobbi bade his servant, on Friday morning,, go the purchase foe best thing he could find for the Sabbath; Hie servant brought him a tongue.' The fbllpwiiig Friday he com manded him go to the market , and buy l>a .twiMf.' tliincr ha oonld find.' Agam he brought a tongiie." It, is fop. best gift if rightljr used,- Ahe worst if Abused, life' and death are in the tongub'-. , ! , If a man fo not a.afont at fifty he may as well turn his attention to some other pursuit. His -habits by that time have become petrified, and it is extremely difficult to form new ones ; indeed, as Josh Billings says, " The best he kan do is to star his old ones," In the -follow ing lines, .however,, foe' day of grace is extended by ten years and one more is given : — At ten, a dulcl ; at twenty, wild ; At tfcorty, tame, if ever ; Jj Atf orty,: wise; at fifty, ridi ;- ; . ;J .. At sixty, good, or never. | Irishmen cannot well help being fhnny. A great many etoriee -:«n told -of diem wHch ;did. . not oriate with .tfrenij but it is because foeir national ; wfo .'fo' ench that .they might easily have done eo.. .We never say that; a pailful' of water came from a well which we know fo be dry. How we havelaugh#d ovfer'pbor f Handy Andy,''' who, when fold to throw a ju of water Aut of foe .windbw,'!threw4ti JUg ana all . Hnn folio uugu u«» i usgood, for honest daughter is a enrefor 1 half foe ills of fife. Pat waa ;stondihg I on- foe baaeball ground 'an interested 1 loots'rbA & wfo'dpnblBdnp suddenly; I hpintfblt by what sbmebody told hifo' j was afoul balL- When be , rose «o;4aa I feet, ' and assured , himself that' he- was j still alivejfoe remarked, « A fowl doyon call it i ! Faith, an' by foe wayit hitme; I footfoht it .Was Amide." .... ' .! '!: 