RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION OF THE YOUNG. The following letter has been addressed by the Bishop to every clergyman in charge of a parish or parochial district in his diocese : — ' Bishopscourt, Melbourne, May 31st, 1878. — My Beverend Brother — I recently asked, as you are aware, for information in connection with the religious education of the children of our people. The information supplied to me was not always of that definite character which I viv/uau. uarv- uudu^vi , k*llv j KjU iu duuwo uigciixj, ?!? icgi^u bu any , uuai me religious education of our children is in the most unsatisfactory condition. I fully recognise the immense difficulties with which you have to contend. Owing to the banishment of religious instruction from the State- schools, you are obliged, I know, either to abandon week-day instruction altogether, or to ask the children to attend to it when they are wearied by work, or drawn aside by the attractions of their weekly holiday. But, however serious these difficulties may be, I would strongly urge you to endeavour to overcome them ; and rather to be contented with the smallest measure of success than relinquish the effort to which we so recently committed ourselves. I fear that very few of us have an adequate conception either of the spiritual destitution of the rising generation of this colony, or of the probable effect of this state of things. I do not believe that the majority of those who banished religious instruction from our State-schools had any objection either to the Bible as a text-book or to such undenomi national instruction in divine knowledge as is now given in the Board-schools of London. They banished religious instruction because they thought it impossible to keep the peace between rival sects and denominations. I believe that the experience of the mother-country shows them to have been mistaken. But, however that may be, of the result of their action there can be no doubt or question. In order to banish all reference to God from the scholar's mind and the teacher's lesson, they have been compelled to exclude not only the Bible, but also those voices of conscience and lessons of history which Bpeak so plainly of a divine presence and providence in the world. The glory of heaven is carefully shut off from the page of knowledge : everything must be seen under the hard dry light of its secular aspects. Should imagination attempt to escape from these low levels, it is to be suppressed. Should emotion at times betray the susceptible nature into religious aspirations, these must be summarily checked. To secure peace. we must imprison. conscience, and exclude heaven. I do not bepeve for one moment that; the great' mags of our people desire such a result. They wish their children to read the Bible and learn its holy lessons. They believe that character can only be formed through, moral and religious instruction, and that as a text-book for such instruc tion there is no book comparable to the sacred volume. But still the effect of our State education is exactly what I have described it, and I would solemnly urge you, my reverend brother, to endeavour to set clearly and vividly before your own mind what must be the present moral condition, and probable moral future, of those who have no larger education than that given in our State-schools. Let us ask ourselves how we should have fared if God and all the religious sanctions of action had been carefully kept out of our mind. We know what our life has been with Christian light to guide it and Christian grace to support it ; can we hope then that we should have been kept from gross wickedness without such aid ? that with no better motive than interest, no worthier deterrent than fear, we could have escaped so far as by God's mercy we have done from the ignoble slavery of a sensual selfishness. What can be the effect, my reverend brother, of a merely godless education like this, but in commerce feverish speculation and systematic knavery ; in politics selfish ambition, cruel animosity, and unscrupulous oppres sion ; in social life impurity, effeminacy, idleness, and inconstancy ? I cannot paint a picture so darkly as it appears to my own mind, and it is because I earnestly long for the peace and prosperity of this fair land of my adoption, and for the extension to 'all its people of the infinite blessings of our Divine Redeemer's kingdom, that I am making this attempt to show you the urgent need of present effort, as I myself perceive it. Since the State thinks it cannot, we must bestow a a religious education upon our children. We are bound to do this (not only to make the effort, but to go on making it till we succeed) by every obligation which we hold most sacred; by loyalty to our Divine Master ; by faithfulness to our ordination vows ; by love of those souls over whom the Holy Ghost has made us overseers ; and, not less, by patriotic attachment to the country which feeds and shelters us. We must resolve to succeed. It were better to lose anything than thf- hearts of our children. If one method should fail, we must trv another. We must summon our people around us;, we must ask them to join us in prayer to our Heavenly Father that He may teach us the right way, and give us strength and grace to walk therein. Vainly will our successors preach to souls hard ened in habits of godless thought and feeling, if, while these souls are tender — responsive to the glow of emotion, and plastic beneath the formative hand of love and truth — we neglect to set before them the blessed gospel of salvation. ' I would therefore earnestly and affectionately urge you, my reverend brother, to renewed efforts in this direction. Lay the matter before your people. Remind them of the utter insufficiency of Sunday-school instruction alone ; of the necessity that there should be some kind of balance and proportion between sacred and secular education, even in the case of those who attend Sunday-schools ; as well as some kind of week-day provision for those who do not. Kemind them moreover that a Christian man is not his own, but that, bought with the. precious blood of Christ, he is bound to glorify God with his time, his talent, his strength, and his life ; that every spiritual gift is bestowed, not that it may be enjoyed merely, but rather that it may be imparted to those who are less happy and instructed than ourselves. Thus, by God's help, instead of merely folding our hands and waiting for the . deluge, we shall be doing what in us lies to benefit men and glorify God. — I am, your faithful brother in Christ, J. Melbourne.' 