SUPREME COURT. CIVIL SITTINGS. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1878. THIRD DAY. Before His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson and juries of seven. The Court sat at 10 a.m. WIGGINS v. DEGRAVES. For plaintiff, Mr. A Dobson'(Attorney-General) and Mr. R. W. Giblin (D. H. Crisp, attorney); for defendant, Mr. R. B. Miller and Mr. Dodds. Jury : Messrs. W. Townley, Alfred Sawyer, H. Newnham, W. M. Bromby, George V. Partridge, Henry W. Chapman, and Jas. R. Fryer. The case was resumed at the sitting of the Court. Wm. Duncan (examined by Mr. MILLER) proved that he was a mason and contractor, of many years' standing, and had had extensive experience in build- ings. He was clerk of the works at the work now in question. The work had not been done in com- pliance with the terms of the specification ; all but part of the footings. The first stone laid in his presence he complained of, and he was always com- plaining. The witness enumerated the mortar, as an instance, and said he complained of the general quality of the work, and of the workmen. The stone was not properly prepared, and was not suit- able. There were no good tradesmen, except Wig- 'gin's own son, who was a fair tradesman. His complaints were not attended to, on the contrary he was met with bad language, and Wiggins on one occasion said he was a far superior tradesman than witness, and had he known that wit- ness was to be on the ground, he would not have taken the job ; he defied witness and his son also. There was a general illfeeling among the men to- wards witness, especially the Wiggins' family. They threatened to make a ghost of him. (A laugh.) Witness never authorised the use of stone that Mr. Lord condemned. He never said he would have got on better without Mr. Lord, who was not a prac-, tical man. Witness asked Mr. Degraves to be taken away from the work, as he could not get the work done according to contract, that he considered it degrading to be over such a bad set of men, and such bad- languaged men, and that he would rather break stones on the road. His HONOR: Was it on account of the bad lan- guage or the bad work ; Witness : Both. By Mr. MILLER : I asked Wiggins to remove one of the men, as I considered he was no tradesman, but my complaint was not then attended to, but he dismissed the man three or four days afterwards. Wiggins said he could not get any other men ; he had sald before he had written twice to Launceston, and expected a good man from there, but he had not come. The walls pointed out by Mr. Lord and marked, were not built according to contract ; they contained portions of work which I had objected to. Wiggins aaiil, in answer to Mr. Lord, hu would do it when ho liked. That is, take out the walls objected to. Mr. Lord told him to romovo the walja and go on wjpi the building. ]S Wigging has sworn that ],brd told (iii|i to discharge his mop, it ia not tirno. AH Bized lovollcra wero used down to mi inch ; tho stones run through tho footings in my presence I did not complain of. Have you made au estimate nf tho value of tho work and materials 1 Yea, I valued it at £283 4s. CrosB-oxamiticd by tho Attornuy-fíonoral ! I am Q «tonp masan, ami am iii tho c|np]oy of Mr. Degrave'a. I novor before aotod aa clerk of the works. I was working as a journeyman at Mr. KermodeV, The levellers ought to havo beon Sin, thick. There is no mention of levellers in the spécification. I complained to Wiggins about the fyotiugs and of the quality of the stone used. Lord waa 'on the ground once me Ant week, and oftensr other week». He inspected the works when he carne. Tho mess we got into was not because Mr. Lord was not tliero often enough. I would like to have seen bim there oftenei-. Ho did not pay suffi- cient attention to enable mo to do my duty pro Serly. I was thoro in Mr. Degraves' interest. I on't consider the specifications thoroughly defined.- -?> Tho specification is rather vague. I and Wiggins disputed about what woik was to bo dono under tho spécification. I picked out a few of the stones to put into the foundations, and WigginB used them. 1 don't know whether Mr. Lotd passed the stone that I objected to. , , ; , " * His HONOR : Passing ! An architect may pass a dozen times a day, but as to passing the work, the - question is, did ho give a certificate ? I objected to the,modo in w hieb the filling in waa ' done. I objected to their filling in without proper ramming. , ", i Why did you order the walls to be rammed if the work was not pioporly done? , , i ,i Because tho contract said tboy were to be rammed. I was rather surprised when the works were stopped and expressed it to Wiggins. I did not tell Mr. Degraves that tho work was good enough. I did not say Wiggins and I could get on better without Lord," lie-examined : I practically built tiloso at the Cascades, and also the Ross Church. By tho Jury j One pat ticular stone that was ob-" jected to~can bo seen now with a little excavation^. The addition made by Wiggins in the width of thô footings was moro expensivo to the contractor than if the plans wore originally drawn correctly. By the Court : Tho alteration was to make the - footings 10 inches wider. Ilcury Hunter, architect, examined by Mr. DODDS, pi o ved that ho had partly perused the speci- fication as to the masonry and general conditions,,* Tlie words, "as pointed out," is not a technical« Ehrase, but a usual one in a specification, where uildiugs had to bo pulled down. He had inspected the work done. As far as he could see he was of opinion it was not done according to the specifica- " tion. Ho roferrcd chiefly to the foundations of the intornal walls. It is not the character of the work proscribed. The stones were not "squared und thickness ; " no permission was given to use levellers. Witness would not think it necessary to exclude levellers entirely, but ho should decidedly object to a continuation of levellers as used. In the top couise thore were some not moro than an inch and a half thick, and witness would exclude such levellers from a building like- this. Witness had examined the work, and his estimate for work done, and materials supplied on the ground was £303 9s. 3d., including profit. He had also allowed a possible loss of £1 each on some doors Wiggins had made, and a loss of 4s. per 100ft. on timber cut sizes, £12. Stone quarried and not delivered, £37 12s. and an item for contingencies, £22 ISs. 9d., bring- ing the total up to £400. It is a liberal estimate, and in excess of the items in tho particulars of demand, which come to £291 17s. ' -. ? Cross-examined by Mr. Giblin : In estimating the full value I consider £400 a liberal allowance. I have measured the work actually done. I have made no allowance for alterations in consequence of the deficiency of the plans. I don't think the specification is sufficiently full. It is so framed as to leave room for difference of opiuion, as to what is to bo done. If there was an arrangement as'to the public-house, nnd a temporary roof to be put on part of the now building had been made, it ought to have ben specified in the specification. Constant inspection on the patt of the architect, while the foundations are being put in, is necessary. I can't understand such a state of things as constant com- plaints being made, and not remedied, nor the necessity of such a course ns stopping tho works. But an architect has great power. I should have refused to coi tify for payment. I never had occa- sion to stop works, although I have threatened to stop them. ' i His HONOR : Looking at the 1st clause as to the public-house, should you expect possession to ha "¡ven at onco ? I " There is nothing to show the contrary. Looking at the words " as pointed out " I think somo expla- nation was to be given by the architect to the con- tractor. This refers to a moro than ordinary case. It is generally supposed that old buildings to be, pulled down, arc among tho fust works to bo done. By the Jmy : £100 is a small amount to be pro-' vided for extras, tho covering over with a tomporary roof of a part of tho building is not a usual item. I think £6,000 is a good price for the contract, as far as I have seen of the pinn mid specifications.' It ia not customary for an architect to order work' to be rammed unlo?a the work ia approved. - .* Rippon Shields, builder, proved that he had gone over the work, and formed an estimate of the value of the work and material, amounting to £294 14s. 3d., allowing profit; 2s. a foot is a fair market price for stone, but a great deal of the stone in the ground is inferior, but about half is worth 2s. Witness and his son had examined the work, which was not in accordance with the specification. Wit- ness, if he had to build according to the specifica- tion, would not build upon the present foundations. The witness described the objections he had to the work, and gave details of the items which he had valued. Cross-examined by Mr. DOBSON : We made no allowance for alterations in the footings. In my opinion, 2ft. 6in., is the proper width of the founda- tion of such a building as this. Mr. DOBSON : But the plan says 2ft. 2in. Witness: That's enough. By the Jury : The architect generally looks at the work before it is rammed. Thomas Reynolds, builder, examined by. Mr. DODDS, gave evidence of having examined the work and materials. His estimate was £307 14s. The work was not done in accordance with the spe- cification. This concluded the case for the defendant. Mr. MILLER summed up the defence. He sub- mitted that the £400 was a most liberal estimate. He remarked on the fact that Wiggins had not ventured to give an estimate of the value of the work. He, also commented on the discrepancy as to the quantity of stone on the ground, the plaintiff stating that there were upwards of 4,000 feet, whilst the witnesses for the defence estimated only 2,000 feet odd, and if he made such n difference on one item it might be taken as the keystone of the, diffi- culties that had arisen in the case. The fact was it was one of those instances in which the matters in dispute might have been settled by atbitration. He contended that the claim of the plaintiff was not tenable, and as for suspending the work so as to put an end to the contract, nothing of the kind ; the contract had not been terminated up to this day, tho only object being to suspend the works that the defective work might be put right. The learned counsel at some length noticed the terms of the con- tract, and pointed out the instances in which, as he contended, the conditions, had been grossly violated. The contract had cither beeil fulfilled or it had riot boen fulfilled ; that it had not been fulfilled all. the evidence went to show. Willi refcrono'e to 'the nrchi tect,'he regretted the los3 of memory evinced by Mr. Lord, but the jury must have been satisfied that whatever his defects ho was confirmed in every material point. , '? ii.iii' Mr, GIBLIN addressed the jury on the plaintiffs case. He said, in consideration of, tho ovidouce of the experta which had been given," ho would no» ask the iurv to vnlim tim u-m-lr .l«n» .»t moro than the £400 paid into Court, for -it! ap- peal ed that plaintiff'had charged for tho materia*, which had been obtained fin' but pot uspd' pi ilifj building, such as'£l?3 for bricks. ï'Ji» first (munt being therefore satisfied, the issue was reduced to tho second,! iii deciding which it was nucefsary to de- termine what was the contraot.between piaintilfand defendant.! He might say at the outset that ho ab- solved Mr. Degraves from any imputation of having personally, wronged defendant except by the act of those whom, ho employed. The learned counsel went onto contend that the written demands pf trifj plaiulitr to bo allowed to pull down, i'm, old bipldjnjj and the .silence of Mr. Lord, who. nllo.'yf'd them' to go unohaljonged, eouhl admit of np otjmr] construe tjp.il Uiiin that it was part of thp pmitr.ipt that {hu building should-bo at once removed. If then'tho jury \mv of opinion that defendant broke his eon tract by not siiii'uriug plaiulilf to perform bia work, Wiggins would bo entitled to damages at their hands for the loss of profit lio lind sufl'eied by not being permitted to completo the building, lu rescinding the contract becauso defective work was alleged, Mr. Lord had taken on defendant's, behalf an military and illegal course, as tho, only icmedy provided in tho contract foi1 si|cli çlefepiipu was, that it might bo icpaiicd at tho contractors expense if, uotioti being given, ho failed to repair it hiipself. Jn thus usurping a power whjeh thoi con- trant did pot givo him, his employer must bo held responsible, and tho ooutract having boon Impugned, by tho failure to give plaintiff possession of tho ohl building', a'nd by being improperly rescinded/Wiggins had made but his caso for damaaes. '- > His HONOR, in summing up, said the first count having beon disposed of bj' tho sum paid into Coin t, in respect to it being accepted as sullioiont bv plaintilPs counsel, ho would only address himself to the second and third counts. Tho first "nuoitia,)) was, what was the agreement contained in the con- tract. Was it that tile inn should bo dolivcred to plaintiff. If co defeiu]ai)t wag ljnblo for damages for not having done so. It was, ' ho presumed, uulcsB something to the contrary was stated in tho contract, t,|¡at pln'util*.' was tp,*b,o allowed, to, nuM down t|i'e hotel 'na sow na tile coiltfu'ot wftS a|g|lc(i. Did the woids in tho oontraot, " as pointod out, refer to immediate possession being given to plain tilt'of tho promises, as hu alleged, or as indicating tho time when tho pulling down was to take piuco, as alleged by Lord. If tho lattor thcoiy was to bo accepted, then it waa extraoi (Unary that tho intpn¡ tion of tho specification was not moro clearly op- pressed. Tho question milich tho jury really liad to decido was whether tho plainti'V had made, out his gase, that he was qntitled tp jmiuediftto possession, or whether tho words, ''au pointed out," woro words containing something mole than description, as Lord alleged. In i ogard to Wiggins' allegation that ho had dihch.irged his workmen by Loi d's instiuotioiiB, it seemed inconsistent thnt Lord should have givon euch an oidor on the samo day that ho ordered the defects in tho woik to he remedied, and had ho done so he would huvo been exceeding his power and would not have boon binding on tho plaintiff. Tho jury would also havo to consider who rescinded the contract. Was it stopped by Mr. Lord's order, to romedy tho dofoots, or did plaintiff foil to go on because he would not take out tho walle which were objected to ?> Wa» plaintiff remly »nd willing to complete the work, 'end'was he prevented from doing so by the wrongful net of the defendant t If so, then he was entitled to damages ; but if lie was not stopped then a verdict must be fomid for defendant. The jury found on tho first count that Mr. Wiggins had no right under his contract to insist upon ^tho immediate removal of the Royal Oak Hotel, and that the defendant had not therefore been guilty of a breach of contract. On the second, a verdict waa given for tho defendant, the third being decided by plaintiff admitting that tho amount paid into Court for work and labour waa sufficient. Mr. DOBSON raised the point-on the first count that the meaning of the written contract should not have been left to the jury, but should have been construed by the Court. This question will bo decided by tho Court alone. ¡ ; 