Professor Pearson's report on the educa tional system of the colony was laid upon the tables of both Houses of Parliament on Wednesday, and is found to deal very ex- haustively and carefully with the subject. Notwithstanding the prejudice which at first existed against the learned gentleman's mission, on account of the political aspect given at the time to his appointment, it is. evident that his investigations and sugges tions will have some practical utility and value, and if they lead to an improvement in the system of imparting instruction, to a better classification and a fairer remunera tion of the teachers and other officers under the Act, and to some economy of our large expenditure for public instruction without impairing its efficiency, the money spent in obtaining the report will be well and profi tably laid out. We have not space in this issue to reproduce fully the observations and recommendations of/ the Professor, hut we purpose giving a brief outline of the most . important of them, ' reserving com ments for a future occasion, and merely adding that while we cordially approve of many of the proposals put forward, there are several which should be carefully con sidered before being adopted, and a few which, according to our views, are ill-ad vised. After briefly referring to the steps taken by the Professor to carry out his duties, the report passes a high compliment upon the manner in which the officials of the department have performed their work. The average attendance of 46 per cent., although only excelled by Scotland and Massachusetts among English speaking countries, he regards with dismay when the large expenditure of the department is con sidered, and the Professor hopes to show that it is possible to double present results with but very slight; changes in the ma chinery. On the subject of organisation, the report blames the " leading principle " shown by the department of substituting supervision from Melbourne for local co operation ; increased powers and work are recommended for the boards of advice, that they are to undertake the duty of summon ing for neglected attendance, and I to check a parents' register kept at every State school. It is stated tliat of the 30,000 chil dren attending private Schools not .more than 2,000 or 3,000 are jwell taught, and a rather larger number receive a moderate education.- Many of the denominational primary schools deserve the name of school only by courtesy and give no real education. The report suggests that the State should lose no time in organising a' system of in spection for all children taught in other than State schools. It is also recommended that the present system of allowingpupils to frequently change the school they attend should be abolished, as tending to retard the scholar's progress and increase tho amount of sell ool accommodation and teaching power re quired, besides rendering inaccurate the school returns. In connection with this matter it is also proposed to abolish the present system of calculating results by average attendances, substituting a plan by which the children will he "divided into three classes, viz., those who comply with the Act, those who all hut comply, and those who fail to comply,; It is also, pro posed that the minimum pf school attend- ance shall be raised from 120 days in the year, or 30 in the quarter, to 50 days in the quarter between the ages of six and nine, 80 in every six months between the ages of nine and twelve, and 60 in every six months between the ages of twelve and fifteen, with a certain discretionary power to hoards of advice to reduce these terms, by not more than 20 per cent, in a few specified cases. It is contended that the schpol discipline that shall compel education in the shortest possible time will bo incomparably cheaper to the taxpayer than the mistaken tenderness that spreads education over a great number of yearss while the State will gain by its sch ools be ing less crowded and the energy of its teachers less heavily taxed with intermittent scholars. Particular attention has been de voted to the subject of the " gutter chil dren," but, after the arguments so well known to the public for and against com pelling them to attend the State schools have been recapitulated, this most difficult question does not seem to have been satisfac torily settled in the Professor's mind. Erom his remarks, however, it must be understood that he proposes to place the best of them in the ordinary State schools and to send the incorrigibles to the industrial or re formatory schools, which are to he so im proved for their reception that " the econo mies in this direction will balance the cost of the innovation." The intimation con tained in the quoted portion of the above sentence seems to he contradicted, however, to a certain extent, in the paragraph dealing with the industrial schools, wherein it is proposed that the State should adopt for itself the system which it recommends to parents throughout the colony of renouncing the profit of young children's labor in the hope of educating them quickly and tho roughly, and further that the orphans and abandoned children should be handed over to the Protestant or Catholic orphanages — with compensation, we presume, for their maintenance, etc. On the subject of exhi bitions the Professor proposes two plans : one to abolish the general competition for State scholarships and to establish different centres for separate; competing districts, and the other to largely increase the num ber of exhibitions given, apportioning them as an endowment to middle-class or high schools in the smaller centres of population, which would enable every town of 3,000 inhabitants to have a middle-class school, at which all 6th class boys could attend by paying half-fees when unsuccessful in ob taining a scholarship. On the subject of inspection the report says : — " Practically I do not think it will be safe to attempt to carry on work with a smaller staff than an inspector-general, an adjutant inspector- general to take his place in Melbourne or in the country, as he is called away from either, and twenfy travelling inspectors. Of course I assume that the extraneous work, clerical and examining, which the inspectors now discharge, is mostly to he committed to other hands, although it will always, I think, he desirable to secure senior inspec tors as examiners in the art of teaching." The remuneration of teachers and their bet ter classification occupies a large portion of the report, and from the observations made it appears that the Professor has noted the most objectionable features of the "result" system as it exists at present, and intends so to amend it that teachers of all grades shall receive fair treatment, and be unaf fected by the drawbacks which now inter fere with their remunerations and fre quently with their professional reputations. The English mail was telegraphed off King George's Sound at half- past 7 o'clock on Wednesday evening, being five days in advance of contract time. She will pro bably reach Hobson's Bay on Wednesday next. Tlie concert by Mrs Cutter's Company, at first announced for Friday, took place on Wednesday evening in the Shire Hall. The postponement of date consequent upon Mrs Cutter's illness and the appointment of the second date with but very little notice had evidently an effect upon the at- attendance, otherwise we are sure that a crowded audience would have assembled to enjoy a treat seldom offered to the music loving portion of the Avoca public. The hall was not more thau three-parts filled, hut those who were present were enthu siastic in their applause, aud by their re peated encores gave the best evidence of appreciation. The programme opened with a piano solo, "Etude de Concert," by Mr King, which was followed by the favorite song, " Annie Laurie," very tastefully ren dered by Mrs Cutter. A ballata from " Massaniello" gave an opportunity for an exhibition of the wonderful power Signor Rosnati's fine tenor voice, and an encore was demanded and conceded. Mr King's piano solo, a caprice on Bohemian airs, and . the duet from " II Trovatore," by Mr Cutter and Signor Rosnati, were both repeated in response to the clamorous demands of the audience. In the second part, Signor Ros nati sang "Un Ballo Maschera," and the Irish ballad " Eileen Allanah," being re called for the latter. Mrs Cutter gave witli very excellent effect the song, ."Let mo dream again," and for the encore substi tuted " Stay with me her two succeeding songs, " Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep" and " Take me to thy heart again," were perhaps the most pleasing items of the evening. Two pianoforte solos were also given in this part by Mr King, and the programme concluded with the duet by Mrs Cutter and Signor Rosnati, " Dimme Che m' Ami." . We understand .that efforts; are being made in other parts of the district to induce these talented artists to make another tour of the province, and we are sure that if they consent to visit .this neighhorhood again they will be welcomed . by, a larger audience than that which assembled on Wednesday evening. : v.V Sergeant Fahey, of Maryborough, had a narroyv escape from receiving serious injury on Wednesday. Hearing someone outiide ; liis office, he went to the door te sqe who. ;it- ;wa,s, when he was met by' a man with an uplifted axe, standing in a threatening atti tude. The Sergeant promptly caught the axe with one hand and the man's throat with the other, and held him thus until two constables came to his assistance, when the man was secured. He was then recognised as a splitter named Ronsoio Selvestrio, and it appeared that he' had just before smashed up the courthouse door with liis axe. He has been sent to the Kew lunatic asylum, on a certificate of insanityjjjrnished by Drs Laidman and Julian, A tea meeting in aid of the funds of the Church of England took place at Percydale on Wednesday evening last. About 100 persons sat down to a very tastefully pre pared tea, which was provided and dis pensed by Mesdames Wilkins, Anderson, Berriman, Townsend, H. Wise, Burston, Bradley, George, and Ebeling, After the tea, a public meeting was held, the Rev. J. A. Ball presiding. Addresses were delivered by the chairman and Messrs Goodshaw and Carter. During the evening some pleasing selections of music were performed by the choir under the leadership of Mr Burston ; Mrs Stewart and Mr J. A. Powell, of Avoca, also gave valuable assistance in this department. The net result of the effort will be about £8. We have received the annual report of the Maryborough. Hospital for the year 1877, printed in a pamphlet form, with the balance sheets, rules, subscription lists, and a good deal of other information connected with the institution. We supplied our readers with a copy of the report and ba lance sheet at the date of the annual meet ing, so there is no occasion to make further reference to that, but some additional items respecting contribution and patients sentfrom the different parts of this district may per haps be interesting. The patients sentfrom this district are tabulated as follows : — Avoca 22, Amphitheatre 9, Moonambel 7, Redbank 5, Natte Yallock 5, Percydale 4, Homebush 4, , Kihiberley 2, Bung Bong 3, Glenpatrick 1, Nowhere Creek 1, Mountain Hut 2, total 65. The subscrip tions collected in this district are thus stated: — Avoca (including £5 10s proceeds of a concert at Percydale, per Mr J. Wise), £47 15s; Amphitheatre, £16 10s 9d; Homebush, ; £10 ; Moonambel £9 17s ; Natte Yallock, £7 Is ; Redbank, £3 lis ; Lillicur, £l ; total, £95 14s 9d. The sup plementary list of contributions received from Avoca, Moonambel, Percydale Home- hush, and Amphitheatre, adds £16 18s to I this sum, which makes a total for the dis- ; trict of £112 12s 9d. The total number of j patients received into the Hospital is given I as 414, and the total of subscriptions at j £703 17s 8d; comparing the local figures | with those furnished for other parts of the j hospital district, it will be observed that 1 — after deducting the supplementary con tributions, as being outside the period dealt with in the list of patients— the Avoca dis trict contributions fall short of what they should be to reach our proportion of the ! patients. The difference is not a great one, j but we hope that it will disappear in the | next report, and that the local contributions will exceed rather than fall short of our J liabilities. j The Maryborough and Carisbrook race i meeting took place on the Carisbrook course I on Tuesday, and proved to be an unquali- j fied success. The day having been pro- | claimed a general holiday, and special trains running from Maryborough to the course, together with the bright and cool weather, had no doubt a due effect in induc- j ing a good attendance, and with fair entries j and careful handicapping good sport was i exhibited in the racing. The several events | resulted as follows :— Maiden Plate, of 15 ! sovs — Eive started ; Beeswing 1, Earewell 2, j Athole 3. Maryborough and Carisbrook ! Handicap, of 40 sovs, two miles — Seven started ; Buckley 1, Alfred 2, Erin 3. Dis- j trict Plate — 15- miles ; five entries ; Pearl- ! brook 1, Ferrymaid 2, Polly Higgins 3. i Handicap Hurdle Race, 20 sovs, 2 miles — Mirza 1, Dolo 2. Trotting Match,. 15 sovs, ; 3 miles — Charlie 1, Sam 2. Selling Stakes, ! 1 miles — Devlin 1, Albany 2, Wild Wave 3\. Hack Race. — Athole 1, Trout 2, Besique 3. Persons desirous of purchasing township property and a good business site and pre mises are reminded of the sale by auction to he held by Mr Wise, on Tuesday next, of a large iron store and several valuable allotments at Amphitheatre, the property i of Mr Coffey. I Tenders are invited by the Shire Council for forming a pitched channel of bluestone at the Avoca Post Office, for taking charge of the public baths, and for the office of herdsman to the Natte Yallock common. What is an inch of rain ? The Registrar- Genera! of England gives the following answer : — " An English acre consists of 6,272,640 square inches ; and an inch deep of rain on an acre yields 6,272,640 cubic inches of water, which, at 277,274 cubic inches to the gallon, makes 226,322 gallons; and as a gallon, of water distilled weighs 101b, the rainfall on an acre is 225,225lbs avoirdupois ; and 2240lbs are a ton, and consequently an inch deep of rain weighs 100,900 tons ; or, nearly 101 tons per acre." Therefore, says the M. and A. Advertiser, the weight of water which fell on Friday upon every acre where the rainfall was equal to that in Maryborough, was 353 tons 10 cwt. When we consider the enormous quantity of water which falls ever an ex- extensive country, what a marvel it is that such a load of liquid should be born about and carried by the atmosphere. The chairman of the Yictorian commis sioners for the Paris Exhibition riceived a letter on Wednesday by the Californian mail from Mr G. C. Levey, under date New York, 8th February, announcing his inten tion to sail for Harve on the following day. He states that he has arranged for the purchase of diamond drills, as instructed by the Minister of Mines, and has made inquiries as to other machinery. A brave act, which is deserving of some notice, was performed by a young man named James M'Gill during the recent floods at Heidelberg. On Saturday morning a family named Bradly, wbo reside on the racecourse, were asleep in the house while the water was rising, and did not awaken until the water had flooded the place. Mr Bradly immediaately removed his family to a loft which is near the house, where they were held prisoners for some two hours. The police ascertained that Bradly and his family were still 011 the premises, went at once in search of assistance, and soon a number of men were on the spot, but found they could not approach the house within 300 yards. M'Gill then volunteered to swim to the house, and although the water was running very fast, he faced it with great courage, and succeeded in reaching the house. After finding the position of the family, he returned, and with the assis tance of others he obtained three horses, which he attached to a dray, : which he suc ceeded in taking over! to the house, and bringing the whole family out of their dangerous position in safety. At the'time M'Gill started to swim to the house, the water was 5ft. deep on the racecourse. — Telegraph .The ffobart Town M$reuri/ has disco vered a centenarian in the person of Mr James Coleman, who resides in the town- ship of Franklin. He is a native of Wilt shire, and ;is\\. said to be in his 101st year. He has lived in Tasmania 31 years. He has a large family of children! step-children, andlgranfl-children, for he has four times ventured on the matrimonial sea. It is further stated that the father.v of Coleman was also a century man, and ae of his own "sons who lives with him is I early eighty years of age. The old Mg i is tenderly cared for by his grandson hi his wife. The railway line near rs j Mewood was slightly damaged by the fe elpp but it was made good in a short tiny,£j. et3 staff of men despatched from Sandh>«rat« 'he Echuca and Moama line has als The punishment of the lash was adminis tered in the Melbourne gaol on Tuesday afternoon, to George Ewart, who, on Satur day last, was sentenced to five years' hard labour, and three floggings of fifteen lashes each, for an offence on a child. Gately, the public flagellator, inflicted the punishment, and the prisoner was severely whipped. The Lennox-street, Richmond, young mien's society, have been discussing the question . of payment of members. The debate lasted over more than one evening. At the conclusion of the debate a division was taken, which resulted in two voting in favour of payment and eleven against it. How the Irish obtained the character of being hard drinkers is thus explained by Eather Kennedy :— The Irish had a great reputation for drinking, hut he believed that this was a calumny, and that, although they did drink heavily, tliey did not drink so much as the Scotch or English. Aq Englishman, when he had been drinking, went home and went to bed. A Scotchman was sensible, no matter how much he had had, but Paddy, as soon as he had got the drink in him, wished the. whole world to know it, and to rejoice with him ; and that was how he got his bad reputation. A discussion (says the Spectator) had been going on in the papers as to what a billion means, and Mr Henry Bessemer writes a letter to the Times, suggesting ways in which people may realise how immense the number is. He tells them that a billion of soverigns laid flat, rim to rim, like links in a chain, would pass 763 times round the earth, and that a billion sheets of the Times pressed on each other would form a solid column of paper 47,347 miles high. A writer in Eraser's Jkfagazine thinks that, whatever hesitation there may be justly called for in recommending one or another of the various lotions now so popu lar, there need be no such doubt in respect to cold water or pure water. He says in cases of much inflammation or difficulty of opening the eyelids in the morning, ex perienced by so many,jthe water should be warm, and it may be mixed with warm milk, but in nearly all other cases it should he cold. All those who have been engaged in reading or writing several hours at a stretch, and especially at night, should carefully bathe the eyes with cold water before going to bed and the first thing in the morning's ablutions. All artisans, too, who work at a blazing fire, ought often to wash their eyes with cold pure water, and so should all those who work in wool, particularly carders and spinners, and those likewise who are employed in woollen and cotton manuf acturies, the fine dust which such works disperse often producing cata racts, obstinate imflammations, swelled eye lids, etc. The J apanese man.of-war, the Tsakuba, which left Nagassaki on 20th December, for a cruise to Australia, reached Brisbane on 9th March. The vessel is on a voyage for the instruction and nautical education of several Japanese cadets. The corvette, which carries ten guns (the Brisbane Courier states), is under the command of Captain Z. Matsumura, and has on hoard 37 cadets and 238 officers and seamen, who, with the exception of two English officers as instructors and three English seamen, are all Japanese, including the engineers. Her complement of officers is as follows : — One captain, one commander, two first lieutenants, three second lieutenants, six sub-lieutenants, four midshipmen, one chief paymaster, one paymaster, two assistant paymasters, one chief engineer, one engineer, and one assistant engineer, two surgeons, and the English instructors, Commander Willan, Lieutenant James, and Gunner Cockram. The Tsakuba is the first Japa nese man-of-war that has crossed the equa tor, and she has made the passage from Nagasaki in fifty days. Walter Erancis Biicke, professional singer, committed for murdering the girl Hannah Morgan, but indicted only for attempting to procure abortion, has been tried at the Criminal Court Adelaide and acquitted, the Crown withdrawing the capi tal charge. The judge observed that the evidence showed that Morgan's death was not occasioned by violence, and he could not understand why the prisoner was com mitted at all. The Williamstown police received, notice on Monday evening that an outward bound barque had run down a small waterman's boat off St. Kilda. The boat was disabled, hut fortunately no lives were lost. The children of a popular preacher of the Gospel, who resides in the Geelong district (says the Advertiser ) are said to be receiving handsome dividends from mining shares, made a present to them when the stock were of little value in the market. The mine is situated in the Dunolly district, and has lately turned out trumps, the golden reef having been proved to be of considerable thickness and richness. Hope ful to the last, the preacher continued to pay calls, which were a serious drag on his purse, but now the reward of patience has come in the shape of dividends of £200 per month. A pitiable sight was witnessed on Mon day evening in Sturt street gardens, when a girl about ten years old, was seen reeling about in a state of intoxication. How or where, she obtained the drink we are not aware but we understand the child's mother came upon the scene just in time to save her from further indignity, and possibly being locked up by the police. — Ballarat Post. The Goulburn Herald gives the following ghost story : — Lately there has been some excitement amongst the superstitious, num bers of whom go off in parties, with guns, &c.;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Here an apparition is said to make its ap pearance in the form of a light, and to travel, sometimes very slowly, and frequently very quickly, from the river bank just below, and up to the house, then varying the performance by a run among the trees" This is said to be kept up from an early hour in the evening until about three iu the morning. All endeavors to get near the light are said to prove futile. On Monday evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated on Church Hill to view the light, which it is said, was plainly visible, though the distance is con siderable. The residents of the old town ship, and near the range, are satisfied that there is no practical joke about the affair. Hints to Married Men. — Scattero-rass says that if he stays out late at night, and wishes to avoid a scolding or " curtain lec ture" from Mrs S., he generally waits until the " we sma' hours ayont the twal," when the anger of his better half subsides into fears for his personal safety. " He goes out on business, with a promise to he home at nine. Half past nine, Mrs S. uneasy ; 10, agora- vated : half-past 10, positively enraged, and rehearses to herself an address forSeatter- grass's especial edification filled with cutting reproaches; 11, vague uneasiness, nc- companied by an indefinable fear "that some thing must have happened;" half- past 11, nervous apprehensions— tears take the place of withering glances ; 13 o'clock, unendurable suspense — if she ouly knew the worst ! 1 o'clock, completely worked up, and about to go in search of him, when Scattero-rass arrives. She throws herself— so he says— into his arms, overjoyed to see him, as she was " so afraid that some accident must have happened to him'" | 