) T H E P H A N. T 0 M U I N E R. , y f A Ktor;/ of tho old gold d 'f/i/ntff dugs. J j " TiJiiii you a ghost story." said m-.' uncle Nc<1, a hale old ) gcntlem'an of 70 years.' "Well, i will relate .a peculiar ( .alfair that happened on Talltnans Gull', in 18-59'." ) We were .all .attcatiou, .and li.-itciied to tho very roniark- 1 ( .able narrative iic rcl.ated in the following manner : ) " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and \ four mates were living in a tent on tuc naiiKS- oi liic ( river — living, I .said, I should have called it existing, for wc were most unforttinatc, only landing siillicicnt gold to \ kccji us ill the commonest tucker. After our cvcryday's work, you may be sure vrc were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, cfink I \ of <a pick, about fiftj' y.ards from our e.anv.as homo. This j / coufoundcd noise alw.ays commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night wc were \ determined to see who it was ; so wc sallied forth in the j f bright moonlight, and saw ai figure ill a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched' hat, hard at work by an h old cl.aim wbich had been dosevled for many ycar.s. I was Q ehoseu spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; , y but when I was within twenty yanls of him, I stood still, \ transfixed witii horror, — Cor the- wearer of tho digger's ( clothes was no living man, hut' a skdcton !" y " TJiicIe Ned ! " we all cried, " bow fearful." C "One night, our tent w.as visi'ted by a handsome, weil- / to-do looking man, of about fiifly years of _ .age, who enquired Tor a digger of wiiom- wc knew nothing .about. C He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from y one of Her Mnjosty's ships, and s'-arted for the 'Tallmans 9 gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for .a few \ moiithsj when the new comer wenir dbwii to Melbourne to / see about .some letters. Before lie- went, he said to iiis 9 matb, tlJob, whatever you do, iicvei' stop working the ( claim for a day uiitil I come back.'.'' Bob promised, and y they patted. 'I went down to M'elbonrne,' said the ex- 1 digger,.' aiid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on f board .and now that I have obtained my discharge, I / h.avc h.asteiied up here to find my old cbiiin.' ' You will see'him-to-iiighO,' I said; ' but j'ou'll find him very much eh.anged.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the / phautom's pick was heard, and we all turned out. 'Ah I ' ) cried the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob, Bob, here I am ; back. -Bob, speak to me.' He ran to the figure, which ) tn ri led its hideous face o a h iin . With a 1 oud sh ri ck the seeker v' fell senseless on the ground. -The ghost threw down its \- plcki and vanished. Tu 'th'c raoriiing''we discovered tkc > poor sailor a raving Imiatie." , , . " Oh, uiiclo Ned, what a fearful story." "Well, you asked Ric- to tell you iv and I have ' done, so.'.' . r . , 'i' Then, it is not. true . " Well, said our uncle, l.aughiiig, " it is: as truclas many ' of the ahsin-d y.arns that got. ..about during the raging of I the gold fever. Ah, those were strange- days, when men would undergo any amount pfi privation fo-r a few oimces I of gold. Hovv dificrent It is now; for shiould a man be , pushed for-. a large or sin'all amount alii th«it he has to do is to have .an 'interview 'with ' » DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins: street east, . Who has from Jio to a8 10,000 to lend onuiotes of hand, bills of sale (with:- 'or without security), sal'ai-y; orders, life ) policies, _certificates,' deeds, bill of lading-, legacies, goods, . morchandise,,on expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may he entitled to from England' and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable to suit the'conveiiienee of borrowers. . Bills discounted daily at the lowest riEe- of interest, and mortgages from G per cent. 