THE CONSECRATION OF ST PETER'S CATHEDRAL. The 29th of June, 1869, was a memorable day in the history of the Church of England in this Diocese, it being the occasion of the laying of the foundation stone of St. Peter's Cathedral by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, but the 1st of January, 1878 - the Feast of the Cir- cumcision - was a still more memorable one, as it witnessed the consecration, with the fullest sites !and--*remonies of the Anglican; Church [and with the assistance of two reverend pre 'lates t from Victoria, of a Cathedral Church:; where the 'worship of the Almighty will be kfree to all who, choose to enter and worship :'ium* apart trom sucn niudrances as or dinarily operate to a ^reat extent in pre venting many from entering, the House of God. For many years His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide regarded the want of a Cathedral ; Church as one of the most' pressing wants of Ms diocese, and : he lost no opportunity of hastening the erection of such a building. He worked most strenuously in the cause, and it must be a jnatter of sincere congratulation to him that- his efforts have been crowned with success. The Society for the Promotion of Christian Knowledge gave, £1,000 - to wards the fond, and a similar sum ytas bequeathed by the late Captain Allen. Sir. James Fergnsson - gave' ? £50 a year , during his term of office, and considerablesums were added to the fund by several colonists of standing,' and the balance required was raised by general -subscriptions. .The land on which the Cathedral stands,- at the comer of Pennirigton-terrace and the road leading to North Adelaide, was pur chased for £1,000,, and enclosed with an orna mental brick and stone wall. The plans were prepared, by Mr..Butterfield; the eminent ^og lish architect^ but In erecting tiie . 'present portion of the building Mir. Woods, of the firm of Woods & McMinn, who has' had the .superintendance of.the -work,; has had, in conse quence of the alterations in the materials used and for other reasons, to provide altogether fresh drawings and supply the details. The present building includes the chancel, the choir, the transepts, and one bay of the nave. When the whole of the design is finished the building will be 172 feet in length internally, exclusive of the porch, arid 202 feet externally. The width of jthe nave and aisles is 59 feet between the walls, and the nave -itself 32 feet 9 inches, from centre to centre of the columns. The height of the walls to the plate is 52 feet, and the ridge 95 feet. Messrs. Brown & Thompson were the con tractors at a cost of over £15,000, and it is cal culated that an additional £20,000 will be required to complete the original design. As we have already stated, the foundation-stone was laid by Sir James Fergnsson on the 29th June, 1869 ; and by the 30th March, 1876, the building was so far completed as to allow of its being opened free of debt. On that day a short thanksgiving service was con ducted by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide. Since then services have been regu larly held, and the interior properly furnished and'made quite suitable for public worship. On Sunday, the 30th December last,, an octave or eight days', festival was commenced with full choral services, and on the morning of that day the sermon was preached by the Right Reverend Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, the ser mon at evensong being preached by the Right Reverend Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat. On Monday, December 31st, matins and evensong were celebrated. Up to half-past 9 on Tuesday morning a large number of persons were admitted by ticket, and at that hour the front door of the Cathedral was thrown open and the spacious building was soon' crowded, a number of persons having to stand. At 10 o'clock the Cathedral choir and . the clergy walked in procession from the vestry to the principal door of the Cathedral and along the centre aisle, singing the 390th Hymn, 'Brightly ^gleuns our banner,' to %he organ transept, where the. choristers took theii? seats, and the clergy passed on to the seats on the lower gradual of the Sanctuary. , The -Dean and Chapter .who had robed in the chapter vestry , also entered and took their se&ts.; The Bishops robed - in the Bishop's vestry. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, attended by his chaplain hearing his pastoral staff, took his place in .the centre of the upper gradual of .the Sanctuary with their Lordships the Bishops of Melbourne and Bal larat on his right and left. The Bishop of Ade laide commenced the service by saying the first verse of the 24th Psalm — 'Domini est terra,' the clergy And choir chanting the remainder. The Bishop*s Registrar, Mr. H. S. Anthony, ac companied by the Bishop's Vicar, the Rev. Dr. Dendy, then presented to His Lordship the deeds of conveyance and trusts of the building, which he placed upon the Holy Table. He then began the Consecration Service, which included the following prayers :— ' Dearly beloved in the Lord : for as much as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in His service ; which pious works have been approved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father : Let us not doubt but that He will also favor ably approve our godly purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious worship, and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking, and say — O eternal God, mighty in power and of majesty incompre hensible, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain, much less the walls of temples made with hands, and who yet hast been graciously pleased to promise Thy especial presence in whatever place even two or three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Thy name to offer up their praises and supplications unto Thee. Vouchsafe, O Lord, to be present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and readi ness of heart, to consecrate this place to the honor of Thy great name, separating it from henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it to Thy service, for reading Thy Holy Word, for celebrating Thy Holy Sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of prayer and thanksgiving, for blessing Thy people in Thy Name, and for the performance of all other Holy Ordinances. Accept, O Lord, this service at our hands, and bless it with such success as may tend moBt. to Thy glory, and the fur therance of our happiness both temporal aud spiritual,' through Jesus Christ our Blessed Lord and Saviour — Amen.' .The following sentence of consecration was then read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Ade laide/and -was delivered by the Bishop to the Registrar to be-preserved in. the Registry of the Diocese: — ' In the name of God. Amen. 'Whereas by the voluntary gifts and offerings of divers members of the Church of England and others, as well as of the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge, this building has been erected as part of the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Adelaide, and furnished for divine service— Now we, Augustus, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, do by our ordinary end episcopal authority consecrate it to the worship of Almighty God the Father, 'the Son, and the Holy Ghost, to be celebrated according to the doctrine, formula ries, rites, and ceremonies of the Ghurch of England in Australia and Tasmania, and we do hereby dedicate it as the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in the City of Adelaide, separating it from also profane and common uses. 'Signed and published in the Cathedral Church of St; Peter, Adelaide, this 1st day of January, in the year a.d. 1873, and in the 31st of our consecration. 'A. ADELAID3. (L.S.) ' Entered — H. S. Anthony, Registrar, Diocese of Adelaide.' The 215th Hymn— 'He is the Head of the Body, the Church,' was then 6ung, JfteF, wkich. jafetaw were conuasac$d/ by & \-- -- - -i ' ? - . '..'?? |be Bishop's - Vj|cart- the sFj^r:XiespMi~ ,?1 Kings viii., 22^62 tincJttBive) -being jread ; by. Archdeacon Dove, and ?khe Second Lessor*—. Hebrews jt, 19, 25, inclusive, by Canon Farr. Tbefollowing weretne^roper ^salajs ,?:— Ixsxiv. , A' Q1?** -tijecta? ^, exxii* (('LoetataMum?), and : exxxii. (' Memento dqmine ?). After, the .third ? collect for -ira-}% t&e; anthem^ 'X will gijre thanks,' was sung, tand the Bishop then began . the service of tike flLoly Cknnmunion ; and j after the NiceneCreeiaie, 74th hymn— 'That God , in all things maybe glorified*— was sung, aid £be Epistle— Ephesians ii, 13— was read bys the ; .Archdeacon; «nd the Gospel— Sf Johnii., 13-*L8 ? — by Canon Coombs. His Lordship the Bjshpp of Melbourne then preached the Consecration sermoni taking for his tex* the: third verse 'of r the sixth chapter of Isaiah— u And,pne cried unto another, and said, Holy, Holy, Holy, i& the Lordof Hosts; thft whole earth is full of Bis glory.' Hesaid?— . '. -.-. There iB good reason foit-; believing that the 6th chapter of Isaiah contains the history of the ^rophet?scall1«- his office; and is thus, if notwiefirst published, at any rate the first revealed of '3us inspired^ visions. In the year that Bang Usriah died,' while: yet the aged monarch lay in alaAar-house awaiting in shame the day of Mb rapidly approachkig death; Isaiah (according to Jewish tradition) 'bis youthful cousin, became -suddenly 'in jflie spirit.?' Pon dering perhaps the 'peaceful prosperous' past, the doubtful '? darkling future, it ? pleased tjod to show him a remarkable vision.- So far as we can gather — judgingfrom certain independent features of the symwliBm— thje^scene- of it was notthe«arthly,butthd-heavehly~templ6i We ' find ourselves transported to soSie r mighty star-doomed' hall^ -in the 'midst of * which jis a throne, -'high and -lifted up.'7 Upon this; is seated the Lord God of Israel, clad;4n* glorious robe-^-the skirts or train of it spread abroad so unply that,as-far as the prophet' can see, they cover the floor of ttie Temple. The only other occupants of this vast celestial palace are the floating forms of the seraphim. EacH of these heavenly beings, upborne on two mighty ex tended pinions, hovered continually in -mid-air, around the throne and above the outfipreadrobe \- of God. Two other wings he folded over his face, and with two more he hid his feet frdm the glory of God's mantle. These composite forms - of the hovering seraphim form a feature of this sacred symbolism -as mysterious: at first sight as it is important/ Light we shall find wni be thrown on its meaning by certain explanatory additions to it which are fur nished in the 4th chapter of Hhe book of the Revelation, where' indeed' ft is substantially repeated. There, as in the text, we have pre sented the emerald-circled throne and the six winged seraphinij the august Divine Presence and the resounding antiphonalTer-satictus with which ^that Presence is adored. There, how ever, we find besides what is absent in the earlier vision — the fonr-amd-twenty elders enthroned as representatives of the Church around the throne' of the victorious Lamb. I have said that this addition to the symbolism is to be regarded as explanatory, and I believe that a carerul consideration will show it to be eoj for, first, we have here, it will be seen j symbolical representatives of all who are actually sharers of the new life of Christ—the Lord Jesus, its source and centre ;- and 'His redeemed Church, its subjects and participators. Norther can actually partake of this life besides these two,' for dnly^ these , two have any part in that mystical body with in which it dwells. What room then is .there, it may be asked, for additional symbolism? ? Of whom or of what can the forms ef the seraphim be significant ? Let your thoughts rest devoutly for a moment on the form and position of these figures, and I think you will not find it difficult - to decide. In form the seraphim, or 'living ones,'' are composite— they are made-up, that is to say, of parts and organs taken from various creatted object?, and as such are obviously better adapted for representing ideas than personali ties. They have the strength -of the lion, the patience of the ox, the swiftness of the eagle,, and the spirituality of the man. Yea, they are throughout inspirited/' full of eyes without and -within,' of the pervading1 incessant alertness of divine insight. Their name is ' -.the living-ones,' those who are ' pure essential life.' And to this character their position corresponds not less than their appearance. At first this position seems extremely puzzling, for they are said to he both in the midst of the throne and round about the throne both in the position of the Lord and of the Church. What then is it, let us ask, which is common to the Lord and to the Church ? What is it which, while it sits on the throne with Him, at the same time surrounds the throne in the persons of His adoring people ? Can there be a moment's doubt ? What can it be, but that redemptive life, which centred in Him, is communicated to them, through preaching, through sacrament, through prayer? .Can we not see, then, why .the Cherubim are called ' the living ones ;' and why in form they are such as to represent the excellent qualities of the life divine ? It is because they are ideal forms ; because they represent the divine life in idea, unembodied and unrealised, even as the Lamb and the Elders represent its realization and personification in the Lord and his mem bers. But what is the use, you may ask, of such a symbolism ? What difficulty does it make clearer to us ? or, what important idea does it enable us more clearly to express? Let me endeavor to show you. Suppose that we de sired to represent in a vivid and striking form the character of that divine life which we derive from our Blessed Redeemer, how could this best be done ? We would not reverently attribute its characteristic form, or assign its distinctive utterance to the Redeemer Himself, seeing that He is more and greater than the life He won for us. Neither could we appro priately represent the essential qualities of this life in the words or person of a saint or elder, seeing that the. very best and greatest of these is worse and less than the life which was given to him. If, then, fur any reason it be desirable to represent the essential character of the life of Christ it is clear that a separate and imper sonal symbolism must be employed for the purpose. But is this ever desirable? Certainly on such an occasion as this. When we are assem bled to set apart this noble building to the perpetual worship of Almighty God, it is well before joining in those sacred forms, those spirit stirring songs with which we are so familiar, to ask ourselves what they mean, and whether they be the fittest forms in which we could utter our praises and aspirations to God. Sub stantially, then, our question amounts to this — what is the highest ideal oi Christian worship, and what is the worthiest form of i£s expres sion ? Christian worship, I answer, is the voice of the Christian life uttering its deepest and holiest feelings before the throne of God. What then is the highest form of that utterance? We shall learn its. highest form if only we can hear (what seems at first sight an impossi bility) the voice -of that life in that situation mntroubled by a single, taint of^the per sonal imperfection of itB partakes. But now Isaiah and St. John enable us ..o hear this, for the voice o? the seraphim of 'the living ones' is the pure incessant out-breathing of the life of Christ, as it rises to the ear of the Father undiminished in volume) by the , limitations of ignorance, and untroubled in har mony by the discords of earthlinees and sin. And what then is the utterance of . this life ? — the full outbreathing of this life essential, as it swells forth eternally from the earth, and the heavens, and the throne of God. Listen, my brethren listen to the wondrous sounds which broke on the ear of' the rapt prophet at Patmos at Jerusalem — ^'Holy, holy, holy, ' Lord God Almighty, which is, and which was, and which is to come; the whole earth if fall of His glory.' Higher than that the -voice of worship is unable to rise; it is the very floodtide of adoration and praise. When oar worship ap proaches the rapture, the intentness, the holy unconsciousness of that, it approaches to the perfect adoration of Heaven. And as a matter of fact when the life of her Ascended Redeemer, first filled the heart of the expectant Church with unmeasured Pentecostal abundance, it burst forth through the weak, barrier of the flesh like a, mighty rive^.pourin'g, itself through all the channels of jhninan expression in one -vast . floodtiae of praise. Ji struck thus the heavenly ^em **$ ty tf ?^'C ?worsWp for tb$ C.hurch of Qoi; -and eversince those qays^ceatury after eeninryj \- the Chuich has felt herself the eartbly oxgan of I that Penteeostalspirit— «taadiiig in Hbe xcidst or the eartt «s the-visa-le body of Chrisl; bommryea impelled by tbe Holy %-lrit wi&m; ^iier,-|te velebraie in the midst of aanocsoag, blaspheming w-Md,^tiie majesty oflJher^Be ideemer-M3odf takhig good heed^&at; JJn*a& great confluence of those tidesof praise swhicb. swell upwards to God's throne from *very pro- -- vinceof cnsa1^in,the tribute «fieardi,r«f «ar& the favored and redeemed, *baU not be ntfmrly unwortiiy «f ^ie love it celebrates, so- 1tot i£ .- heaven sings -to ieartti, -' Wetthy iff the Lamb iiiat -was -slain )fc6-tiBeelve power and riches and wisuom and sfcrengtllSiaid: fitory end Messing,' the:!Cburch shall 'be 'found Tready to catch up ? and — Wecho the -; -ay^ ' BlesKng 'iand honor,' and- glory sand2 power, be^nnto ? Him that sit^i ^on thei throne aiidAanto the Lamb for everrSfend -everJi-yea,' so that the eartMy elders (wbe^tfaay-steaT 4^b Teri sanctus of the living ~«ne»- stiafi -6ry iditSiiiieir heavenly brethrm— ^cast&^4owtf«lK!^'goIden crowns upon die glassy ?6e«^*3aiottq: art worthy, t- Lord, to receive rgiorytana^bonoB and power, for Thou bast «rea£e&all; tbifig&tiao;! for Thy pleasure they 'are Jm4 weipe^CrdsJed.51 This is the true *ote of - the^t%4)ch%^v«ice on earth— the notfedf that&sgiviag;^iiaolratliA^luid praise. Utteringthis *tti-w?lihe wdrsliJs9God; restramibg^hisvbicei[notna1^JhoWift^^ prays and Reaches) «hfe feav^frfietiaghwit'func tioii I&a1tem;^^.- ^ow*ar^4J»ett,llet-usfcBk, -has our owla^pBuicfc^rdvtded^us CSwifeh^the means ot «ScW 'Worship «i ^is? How-1 far can 4his %*alt^'?fun*tion-ii9e laScttrged % the members ©f ? Goa'S i-3hurch iia 5*his Diocese, when in Iteis their aGatheunil-sGnurch they take into flieif -lips tiie worus/^fc^ieir ancient liturgy? First of all 'observe' Ithat they -'are ^ provided with rcdjainon^form9— and when weWmember that'dte bulk^of -our ^worship should Ibe ?praise',1 surely the ?necessity of such forms -'becomes' at once -apparent One- man may pray for others, and we may-regard tbeic answering Amen; as in some *ort an agreeing together in what is asked/^bufc -tor many to praise together without common forms' is simply impossible. What then has happened where common -forms have'been ^abandoned ? That public worship has mnk down' into public prayer and preaching, and that but* for the few iymns that are sung the Cmirch'a highest function is in such cemmunities Mn attempted. How is it then in the services of the beloved Chnrch' of our fathers ? Observe first the history and genesis of our forms. They have been gathered from .tbe choicest prayers and praises of every country and age; from the . devotions of the old Covenant and of the n^w ; from the liturgies of Jew and Gentile, of Greek and Roman,. of tbe West, and of the East; of the jnbilant Church of the. Constantines,and of the persecuted Church Of the Catacombs. Whenever and wherever 'these broke' from the depths of any regeneca^e heart,, in a moment, of unwonted inspiration, some lowlier acknowledgment of sin/ ioine. loftier ascrip tion_,of praise,- it was caught at, once j by the wakeful; ear of the Churchy. , it was treasured in her memory, it 'was; enshrined in her liturgies, and - «oT :1passed on to the ages following, as their m^st^recioqs.de votional legacy ; inspirited with tifeef. richest feelings ^df fragrant with ti^ sweetest prajses of the venerable past. Itwasput^f sqgloribua a storehouse that pur saintiy forefathers 01 the Reformatibn culled for us thexhoicesifc treasures —jewels without blem^h and geld 'without alloy. Catching their sweeiest tones, from a thousand voices of the saintly 'p^stthey'blent them for us into a matchless harmony of prayer .. and praise— a service so rich and full,- a -liturgy so pure and heavenly, that it has extortedibhe iwarmestadmiration from those . evjen who have wilfully deprivedjthemfl^ves of its conifort. But now to answer more particularly our principal question-^What means sate provided us in one Liturgy for discharging that principal fanci^on of pubMc worship^-the. praise and adoration o£ our Heavenly Father for . lus.j infinite ] love and in our redemption? Let us gathe^ ,put answer to 'this -. question from -that portion of our Liturgy,, which being most commonlyused, is best and most generally known — our Daily Services.; Observe how closely in these our Church has followed the Heavenly ideal: of worship; how largely her public offering and testimony consists of the sacrifice of praise. We are not pure like the angels, and so we gird and prepare ourselves for this sacred enter prise by public confession and prayer. But no sooner have we heard the comforting declaration of God's pardon to the penitent, than we break at once into the loud challenge and response 'Praise ye the Lord' — '?the -Lord's name be praised.' First then, with the Veriite exultemus — 'O come let us sing unto the Lord,' and then with.the heart-thrilling hymnody of the sweet Psahnist of Israel we lift up the voice of our praise to Him that redeemed, us. Is there then a pause in the torrent of our song ? It .is only that we may find for it fresh occasion in listening to the record of God's redeeming love from 'the Old Testament and the New, it. is only that having heard our praise may burst forth afresh to the Divine Invincible Conqueror in such strains as these — ' We praise thee, O, God ; we acknow ledge thee to be the Lord. All the earth, doth worship thee. To. .thee all,,angels cry aloud. To thee Cherubim and Seraphim con tinually do cry Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabbaoth, heaven and earth are full of 'the Majesty of thy Glory.' Here, in this -voice of the living ones — symbols of puna, re demptive life— the song reaches its climax ; here the daily anthem culminates, and fitom thence it descends again through psalm and creed.and versicle, to those prayers and giving of thanks for kings and priests and all men, with which, according to apostolic injunction, we bring our worship to a close. And it has been emphatically worship, not prayer merely for the supply of our own wants, but worship addressed to God for-His greatness— worship as it is due from the Church, as it is rendered by the angels, as it swells for ever through the holy Courts above. Oh, that you knew the value of your privileges, brethren— that ^you knew the dignity and felt the blessedness of standing in your lot and offering your spiritual sacrifice, as priests and kings unto God, Oh, that you felt the Church to' be what it is — the body of Christ, the temple of the Holy Ghost* the earthly presence-chamber of the King of Heaven — its Courts covered by His robe, its arches made awful by the floating forms^ of the seraphim; Yes, my brethren, the Church of Christ even in .our days, . shorn as it is of its miraculous glory, composed as it is, of members such as we, so weak and ignorant, so trembling and , unbelieving, isp yet nothing less than the earthly organ and dwelling-place of the Holy One. And still in oar assemblies for prayer and worship there is the brooding of an Almighty PreseHcej and stUl in the, pro claniation of the glad tidings of^great joy^ttere is the effectual pleading of the -Sacred' Gjude $. and still at our feast of love, wherejwe breathe bread of, salvation in the name \o£^Hiii)i'$ia.t 4ied, there is beVtowed amid the ,, kindling and diffusion, of ; the eucharistic l(ve . tihe ^secret gift of the Biessed.;. Andioh ! brethren,; Ha we find our souls to -be earthlyr and. torpid, -^ok to feel -and dower to respond ; to the quickening touoh of a. present- ^pjirit, let us $hen- glance upward to that Tieavenly temple filled everywhere., with the flowing skirts of the robe of God— filled and ihaken with tbe thunderous roll of , that celestial anthem — 'Holy, holy, holy is the Xord of Hosts ; the whole earth is filled with; His glory.' There is the image of our Ascended King, the Holy Almighty Lord ; and there; not less, the bright picture of our destined future— 'the whole earth filled with His glory.' :Gazing on that image and future we lose all one doubt and all our fear.- Notforever.shail the .Church go on languishing in that darkling deatbrin Mewith which our faithlessness has made, us too familiar. No; here stands the K'lng, and here swells the promise— 'the whole earth shall be full of His glory.' Already it tcomes . to us across the dark Bpaces, the - first faint flufih of that glorious daybreBki when ^ the eyes of them that see shall not be dim f* when **the wilderness and ±he solitary place shall be glad for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as ^he^rose f when over th# $e glad, regenerate earth ' The Son of Eight : cousness shall arise with healing in Ms wings ;' when 'every eye shall see the King in his beauty,'' and 'sorrow and sighing shall flee~ away/' Anticipate that vision, dear brethren. Dwell by faith in the bliss of that future, that bringing, with you into God's earthly courts something of the bright gratitude they giro you may swell with a louder voice and a gladder heart the ascending tide of the Church's trium phant praise! : The offertory services were then read by the Dean and . song by the choir, the offertory of the congregation being at the same time col lected and presented by the Bishop upon the Holy Table. His Lordship then said the prayer for the Church militant, after which ha .said the following prayer :— 'Blessed .be Thy name, O Lord God, that it pleaseth Thee to have Thy habitation among the sons of men, and to dwell in the midst .of die assembly of , the saints upon earth : Bless, we beseech Thee, the religious service of this day^and grant that in this place, now set apart for Thy service, Thy Holy Name may be worshipped in truth and purity to all generations, through Jesus Christ our Lord — Amen.' The remainder of the Com munion Service was then proceeded with,: the Chapter's Vicar, Archdeacon Dove, saying the General Confession. After the Bishop had received the Communion in both kinds himself he delivered the same to the other Bishops, who delivered them to the clergy and people, the Bishop and Dean of Adelaide administering on the Gospel side and the B£gpj-ps of Melbourne, and Ballarat on the Episife side of the Holy Table. Immediately before* the final blessing the Bishop read the Collect for Unity, and the service closed with the Recessional Hymn, 242 — ' Lord, I have loved the habitations of Thy house, and the place where Thine honor dwelleth.' The following clergymen werepresent: — The Eevs. A. Dendy, D.D. (Bishop's Vicar), F. S. Foole, MA., J. Pollitt, R. Reid, W. B. Andrews, F. Williams, JiLA., W- H* Sharp, M.A., J. C. Haynes, Professor Bead, M.A., T. Field, M.A, S. Green, C- W. Morse, B. A., H. M. Pollitt, F. Hocter, BA.J. T. Howell,-M.A., A. Sells, M. A., C. W.Hawkins, £. Jenkins, E. K. Miller, J. Houghton; O. Honner, H. Williams, J. M. Donaldson,F. W. Marshall, J. Bach, H. Howitt, and W. H. Mudie (priests), and Fred. T. Whitington and W. J. Bussell (deacons). During the service, which was intoned -and sung throughout, Mr. Boult presided at the handsome and finely-toned organ which has just been erected in the Cathedral. A LUNCHEON took place in the Town Hall in the afternoon, at which about 150 ladies and gentlemen, in cluding many members of the Church of Eng land clergy *nd laity, were present. His Lord ship the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was in the chair, being supported on the right by the Bight Rev. Dr. Moorhouse (Bishop of Mel bourne), and on the left by the Bight Rev. Dr. Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat). The Hon. Neville Blyth (Minister of Education) occupied the vice-chair. After an excellent luncheon, catered for by Messrs. Redman & Smith, had 'been done justice to, the usual loyal toasts were honored. - The Chaibman in proposing ' The Health of the Governor,' said there we're few things which : could be regarded in various aspects, and in giving the toast of Sir William Jervois1 it was in the Governor's twofold aspect asthe worthy representative of the Queen, and ' as a loyal, faithful, and sincere churchman. (Applause.) - The Chairman gave 'The Health of -the Uishops--of 'Melbourne and Ballarat,' speaking in high ; terms of their attainments in letters and divinity-. ? It was said that good wine needed* no bush, but perhaps, he should not draw *n illustration from that antiquated pro Verb, because his friend on the left was a tempe rance man — he did not touch wine. (Laughter.) In the visit of two such distinguished clergy men asthe Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, to be present at the consecration of the new Cathedral, they could not but rejoice, and he was sure the health he proposed would be drunk -with enthusiasm. (Applause.) ? Dr. Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat), who was received with loud applause, said it had been arranged between his brother of Melbourne and himself that Dr. Moor house should return thanks for both on that occasion for the way in which their health had been drunk, and he should not have said anything had not a remark of His Lord ship Dr. Short made it necessary for him to rise. He did not know of any suit more un comfortable to wear than a suit of borrowed plumes — (laughter )— and he only rose to pro test against being made to assume it. He ac knowledged with gratitude the kind remarks of his brother of Adelaide with reference to' the Bishop of Melbourne and himself — (applause) — but he must give a flat contradiction to one of Dr. Short's statements. (Laughter.) He -was credited with not touching wine, and with lieing a temperance man. On that question he held strong opinions, but these they would learn more fully if they attended the meeting that was to be held next Monday evening. Dr. Moorhouse (Bishop of Melbourne), who rose amid loud applause, said he had been shamefully used by his brother of Ballarat. (Laughter.) The compact alluded to was that Dr. Thornton should bear the greater part of the work in the service, and that his (Dr. Moor house's) duty should be to do all the speaking on that occasion. But had that compact been adhered to ? All the hard work at the service fell on him that morning, and the Bishop of Ballarat had the pleasure of looking at him as he did it. (Laughter.) Therefore he did not consider himself bound by any compact. There was little that he could say in response to the toast which they had so heartily honored, and he confessed he was not prepared with a long speech. He was told immediately after the service of- the reception to welcome them at ohe Town Hall, but there was then no time for -him to think what to say. He never cared to talk unless he had some thing worth telling, and accordingly he was in a most- unfortunate position. He almost wished that he had been able to lick the blarney stone, which their Irish friends believed to be such a source of -eloquence, for if .he had done so He would have been far better able to meet them. (Laughter.) Yet there was no difficulty in telling them on -behalf of- his b--ther of Ballarat and himself how very much o- iiged they were for the reception which had h ?n given to them. There were many ways of t . Icome. In Cornwall the old traditional cus 1 ;i was to throw a brick at the visitor whom the !-? pie wished to honor. (Laughter.) A little 1- n3 barbarous mode of reception was to p ?(.?serve a silence of suspicion, till more was ~ known of the visitor. Neither of these courses had Deenadoptedin the case of his brother of Ballarat and himself, but they had been on the other hand received with the traditional-welcome ' paid to ? guests whom the - people delighted to honor. 'Stationed at a high table, .surrounded by many of -the most dis tinguished members of the community,' and given the company of one of the most -venerable - Bishops-1— he : would not ;«ay of ' Australia alone, but of Great Britain — they ? could not but feel themselves highly honored on that occasion. (Applause.) But it -was too bad while thus burdening them ?with honors to bind them * to a condition. -Speeches were' exacted, from them, and the difficulty was they did not know what kind of ?speeches was meant. If they would only give a subject the Bishop of Ballarat and himself might try to satisfy them. 'He really did not know what to say. He believed the Bishop of -Ballarat andhimself came with the simple desire to help the venerable and venerated . Bishop of Adelaide to lift up the human nature of the -colony to a little higherlevelof social and mental happiness', (Applause:) But the visions of human advancement' which animated their youth appeared to them in such an age difficult to -accomplish. When a young man he used to indulge in dreams of what he might do for men, and at one time it was bis enthu siastic wish to become himself a working man, ? in order that by experience among them he might learn how best to reach the heart of workiug -men, and so be an instrument for their advancement -in the scale of being. (Ap plause.) Now it appeared to him that after all the great problem of the time .was. not tb ' ? ~ — ? - . - - ? ?-- lift one class alone, but to take the mass of common humanity and lift it bodily v up. (Applause.) The problem, he believed, had been partly solved in those colonies. They were called the Paradise of *he working man, and it was indeed a blessed feeling that walk ing through the cities of the South they were not mefrby the hopeless poverty and ignorance which in the old country were too often seen. They saw working men enjoying the system of eight hours' ^Laily labor, and with such opportunities of recreation and improve ment that if they did not avail themselves of it the fault was their own. (Applause.) He con gratulated them that in that country, where the great problem of mankind had received an approximate solution, they were in no fear of what was called -the danger of over -educating the masses. He was reminded of a very 'cute answer to the complaint of a man who thought the operation of the School Board in England would be followed by bad re suits to the working classes. This grumbler said if education were extended to all, - the people would soon want all their children 'to become quilldriver* instead of following: the humble pursuits which had satisfied their fathers. The answer to that complaint was, ' It ' may be so for a very short time, but when the working .classes -find that plough-driving pays better than quill- driving they will stick to it. (Applause.) He would only say, in conclusion, that he hoped they would try to inculcate in all young people the dignity and pleasure of labor. (Applause) Let them ' try to make the people take their pleasure in work and not after it. (Applause.) There were some people who worked with the expectation of making a fortune, and then to give work the goj-by and be happy for ever — they would be miserable for ever. (Applause.) Like the people whom God had chosen as the spiritual teachers of the world— the Jews—their children should be taught to choose a trade or a handicraft «o that they need never want for bread. To show what spirit he thought they should cultivate he. related an anecdote of two -Italian artists, Donatello andFilippo Brunei - leschi, whose works of art in Florence were still the admiration of the world. Donatello made a sculpture of Christ, on seeing which his friend remarked ' Why, that is a peasant; it isn't a Christ.' Donatello told his brother artist to take a piece of wood and make a Christ himself . Brunelleschi did so. But the point of the story was, that one day the two. artists went to their studio with their dinners in a leathern apron carrying it through the streets. What did it consist of ? It was very lowly fare — apples, eggs, and bread. (Applause.) Somewhat the same spirit which animated these great artists of Florence, who were not ashamed to carry their dinner through the streets, he wished to see cultivated in Australia. He did not ask that they should carry parcels under their arms through the streets. He did that himself, but he did not ask them to do the same. (Laughter.) He only wished to impress on them the truth that what was honorable and good, could not be disgraceful. No disgrace attached to any action unless It was morally bad. (Applause.) Thus far he had given them an 'intolerable deal of sack' to a small airount of capon ; in other words, a large amount of talk to a little theory, and he would now conclude, once more thanking them for the honor done to his brother of Ballarat and him self in that most beautiful of Australian capitals. (Applause,) The Chairman thought when the condition exacted from the Bishops had the effect of eliciting so able, so practical, and so useful a reply as that eloquent speech to which they had .just listened there could be little doubt but that they had acted properly when the con dition was insisted on. (Applause.) He had now to ask them to drink a toast which scarcely needed recommendation. The reply to the question asked in St. Paul's, where was the memorial of Sir Christopher Wren? was 'Look around,' and so in the case of the Society f er the Propagation of the Gospel, they khad only to look at the work which that organization had effected to enable them to recognise its usefulness. . The . Society, which nearly two centuries ago Dr. Grey set on foot, had spread its missions all over the world, and every where had its operations been succeeded by good results. In South Australia 30 years ago he bad been placed at work by the liberality and through the agency of that Society, and now he was able to invite the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat to assist in the service of con secrating a Cathedral. (Applause.) From humble, beginnings the work in Australia had steadily progressed till the present proportions were reached. He therefore commended to their hearty welcome ' The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, with its Dioceses in these colonies.' (Applause.) The Vice-Chairman responded to the toast, asking for the sympathy and forbearance of the assembly, as he was charged with a task that he was by no means so well fitted to per form as many he could name. The late Mr. R. B. Colley, had he been with them, would have been the fitting representative of the Society on that occasion, because they owed much to his example and his services for the Church in that colony. He was sure he only gave voice to the sentiments of all his fellow-churchmen when he expressed the obli gation that was due from them to the venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. (Applause.) By its constitution the special efforts of that Society, which had been incor porated by Royal Charter in 1701, had been directed towards the management and disposal of such funds as -might be contributed for the ' religious instruction of Her Majesty's sub jects bejond the seas ; for the maintenance of clergymen in the plantations and colonies of Great Britain ; and for the propagation of the Gospel in those parts.'' Since the time of its establishment its mode of working had been to help those Churches in their infancy who were too weak to help themselves, and when they became self-supporting to leave them and apply the funds in other directions. So in its infancy in. that colony the Church had beeu supported by the venerable Society. To the Churcrmen of South Austra'ia it must now be a matter for pride that their success in spreading the Gospel had -been -so grest, and that they were able to erect so 'beautiful a Cathedral. If they were able now to send their wealth to the starving millions in India it would ill become them in their prosperity to forget to give thanks to that Society who helped them in the infancy of their Churches. (Applause.) la 1336 the Bishopric of Australia was created, in 1811 Bishop Selwyn was ^appointed for New Zealand, and is 1342 Bishop Nixon for Tasmania. There were now 17 dioceses in the Australian colonies, including New Zealand. In 1841 a special movement was made by the clergy and laity for the formation of a fund for the endowment of additional Bishops in the colonies. At that time there was only one Bishop in Australia. The Society contributed £500 a year for five years to the first three colo nies where Bishoprics were established, in 1847; when Dr. Short arrived; there were only five-clergymen in South Australia; in 1864 33; and in 1878 there 'were 43 belonging to the Church rol England. He concluded by congra tulating the Church people of that colony on the completion of the Cathedral. The Chairman gave 'The Mayor of Adelaide and the Lay Members of the Church.' He spoke in high terms of the services rendered by the Mayor, and commended him particularly as a . faithful and earnest worker for the Church. . , His Worship the Mayor (Mr. H. Scott) re sponded, remarking that whatever credit was due to the laymen of South Australia, the noble example and kindly influence brought to bear on them by the Bishop and his clergy could not be overlooked. (Applause.) In alluding to the speech of Dr. Moorhouse, he said the work ing men of South Australia had reason* for satisfaction in the. fact that they had so much time at their disposal for self'improvement. He felt that he spoke the , feeling of all present when he acknowledged the work done by the Bishop in assisting the promotion of the means of enjoyment for the working men.- ( Applause.) He mentioned that' the efforts of the clergy were often not seconded so well by the laity as they should be, aud he hoped that there would in future be an improvement in this re spect. Alluding more particularly to himself, he believed that the -Mayor of Adelaide could assist materially the moral as well as the social welfare of the citizens, -and he assured, them that it would always be his aim to farther the best interests of the people of Adelaide. (Ap plause). Mr. C. B. Youho, JJ?., proposed ' The health of the Bishop,' congratulating Dr. Short on the - consummation of his dearest wish in the open ing and consecration of St. -Peter's Cathedral. He mentioned that His Lordship intended a visit to England to be present at the Pan Anglican Synod, and expressed the hope that the trip would have the effect of giving Dr. Short a fresh lease of his life. Another sum of £20,000 was required for the completion of the Cathedral, and he trusted by the time of the Bishop's return it would be subscribed. (Ap plause.) ? ? The Chairman, whose health was drunk with enthusiasm, said it seemed strange to a man in his 76th year when his friends wished him health and long life. But while he had life and strength and a sphere of activity they might depend on his 'using his best endeavers to carry on the work which had occupied him for 30 years. (Applause.) In going to England he went to maintain a principle — that the Australian Churches had rights as well as duties, and deserved the recognition of the English Synod. (Applause.) He trusted that the wisdom of the' United Episcopate would devise some scheme to pre sent the Colonial Churches from separating, or as it were, flying out into space, and to pre serve them in their gravitation around the sun of England's Church. (Applause.) He thanked them from his heart for the way in which they had drunk his health. (Applause.) The toast of ' The Ladies,' humorously pro posed by the Rev. Dr. Dendy, was honored, and the proceedings, which were interspersed with organ recitals by Mr. Boult, terminated. THE EVENING SERVICE. It was intended to hold a full Cathedral ser vice again in the evening, but only a plain evensong was observed. 