TIHE ALGAROBAK TREE. Ini describing a ranch at Orangethorpe, the Anaheim Gazette says :-I must not forget to mention the algaroba tree, seven of which are in bearing. Some years ago the editor of the Rural Press informed the farmers of California that he hadin his ollice a supply of algaroba seed which had been imported from South America. IIe offered to distribute this among the patrons of his paper. Mr Metcalf sent for some, planted it, and these trees are the result of the ex periment. This tree, when in full bearing, yields a ton of pads, which are largely fed to cattle in South America and Spain. Pro fessor IIilgard, at recent address before an association of dairymen, encouraged the cul tivation of this tree. HIe especially re commended it as being peculiarly adapted to dry soil which wonld not nrndah,,'a Mlf without rmgation. Is'his tree is closely allied to the carob tree of Spain and Orience. Learned men say the pods which it produces are the verittble husks which hunger com pelled the Prodigial Son to feed upon, as related in HIoly Writ. Not a very great hardship, after all, as they resemble dried pumpkins in taste. The pods are eight or nine inches in length, and are said to furnish excellent food for dairy cows. The action for damages for £200,brought by a trooper's daughter against a gentleman who struck her when dressed like a ghost (in white) one evening lately, as she cross ed his path, whilst he was escarting a young lady home at MrIvor, came on for hearing at the Heathcote County Court on Saturday. Mr Helm appeared for the de fendant. Plaintiff obtained a verdict for £25 damages, -and costs. Petitions from the mother of the man Ileraghty, and from justices of the peace, merchants, and others at Ballarat, asking for a commutation of sentence, were pre sented to the Governor on Friday last. The Executive Council had not dealt with the matter on Saturday, and on that evening no answer had been received by the petitioners, though the execution was fixed for this morning at ten o'clock. An Executive ICouncil was, however, hold at Governmeint Iouse on Sunday, when itwas decided to grant a reprieve. A special train conveying the intelligence left for Ballarat at 7 o'clock Sund evening.-Telegraph. [The sentence his been commuted to imprisonment for iko, the first three years in irons. 