gkifytx. d CURIOSITIES OF CORONA TIONS. Ai/thocgh our specific object is to give a fimiliar account of the more or less remark able events which have taken place »t- or in connection with, the individual coronations of Eogluh sovereigns, it may be as well to perface it with a few remarks on the arrange ments attending their coronation* in general, «a a little light will thereby be tfirown on some of the expression* met with farther on. Daring the times of the Plantagcmets and the Tudor*, and with the Stoarta ontu the corona tion! of James IL. it was the custom for the sovereign to - take np his residence in the Tower of London for a short period, previous to tbe day of the coronation. On the Si tor day preceding that ceremony, he went in procession from Westminster to the Tower of London, on jvmeh occaaion he was ac companied by large numbers of the nobility and civic iV'gTritf'—! and also by those (quires npon whom the honour of knight hood was to be conferred- -Each of the bitter (who watched their arms that night) had a room assigned to him, and a bath in which to bathe, and kniehthood followed the next day after mass. The queen* who reigned in their own rights, Mary and Elizabeth, al though they condescended to gird the swords on their knights with their own *i»n^a, did not give 'the actual accolade or blow (some' authorities £*ther from the deriva tion of this word, ad sad collum, that an embrace was originally given) which is the determined action that impresses the charac ter of knighthood. At both of these corona tions this office was performed by Henry, Earl of Aroadel, and ?- copy of bis appoint ment may be found in Bymer's works, Commencing with the reign of William the Conqueror, we will now proceed to note those coronations at which something oat of the common has occurred, and the crown ing of the Norman king furnishes as with the first anecdote. . When William had taken the coronation oath to protect the Church, prohibit oppression, and Execute judgment in mercy, Archbishop Aldred pot the question to the people; ' Will ye have this prince to be your king?' They replied with load shouts of assent, and the ?proar thus created, led the Norman soldiery to twlieve tfiat the English had revolted; whereupon, without waiting to make the least investigation into the matter, they immediately set the neighbourine houses on fire. The flames gave rise to a geoeraLjiarm, and a great part of the congregation hastened oat of the church ; tbe English endeavouring to' stay the progress of the fire, and the Normans eeizing the opportunity to plunder. Tae bishops and others taking part m tne eeramony, who remained within the church, were thrown into, ?net a state of confusion that they were barely able to go through the office of crowning the king. William per ceiving the tumult, and not being able to conjecture its cause, was naturally much perplexed, and sat trembling before the altar. No great amount of damage was done by the conflagration, but it sewed the seeds of a long and bitter enmity -between the Normans and the English. Stephen's coronation, seeing that he had previously sworn allegiance to the Empress MatUda, was viewed with a considerable amount of anxiety and cariosity ; for in those days it was commonly believed that the punishment of perjury, was visible and immediate. William, Archbbhop of Canter bury, performed the ceremony, and it is stated that a violent storm arose, throwing the assembled party into such dire confusion that the consecrated wafer fell to the cround, the Idas of peace was omitted, and the final benediction of the archbishop altogether forgotten. ' The coronation festivities of Richard L indirectly gave rise to a sanguinary and disgracefal riot. A large number of Jews had come to England during the previous feign, where they were allowed to live in peace by that liberal and enlightened monarch Henry IL NataraUy grateful that such an aousuil favour should be accorded them, they met together in London for the purpose of subscribing amongst themselves in order to present Kichmrd with » valuable gift on the occasion of his coronation. Unfortonately fbr them.'Biehard was weak enough to listen to some of -he bigots by whom he was surrounded, who asnned him that the Jews . were in the habit of practisuut their magic arts on kings daring the time of their coronation : and the result was the issue of an edict strictly prohibitwg any Israelite from being present (taring ttie ceremony, or making an appearance at the royal palace daring the subsequent coronation banquet. However, mote commh than prudent, a goodly number of 3em mingled with the crowd that gathered round the palace gates £* snd one of them, attempt ing to force his w*y in, received a blow in the face ifrom an ovei-Enloos Christian. Thifwas quite sufficient to araose Hts fanaticism of the m b, and a general attack was at once com menced upop the Jews, who fled with all speed towards Hi% city. Some miscreants, only too glad of th« opportunity for plunder, spread a rumour that fiicbud bad given order* that the nnbeHeving Jews should be exterminated, and as each an order was by . no m^ans unlikely wbeo the king was a crqaader.itwaasooBunplieidybeheved. The London mob. aided by the people who had arrived from the country, proceeded to attack the hoases of the Jews ; bat the in mates defended their habitation! with much coonge, and the assault proved abortive. Finding that the; could not gain admittance to the houses, the populace threw brands and torches through the windows and on to the roofs, with the xesnlt that conflagrations borat forth in all directions, consuming a large number of houses, both Jewish and Christian. Tae king ordesed the apprehension of the riogleadere, and ther were banged, as a ?alaitay warning to others ; and after this the Jews were taken under royal protection. The only memorable 'event attending the corooatioD of John was the speech of Hubert, Archbishop of Canteifesry. which was as follows : - Hear all nun! It is well known to your wiadom that no man hath any right of Buosession to thie crown, unless he be elected for his own merits by tbe unanimous consent of the kingdom, with invocation of the Holy Ghost, after the masne* sad tamiiitude of SauL whom *3od *et over Ha chosen people, tfeoaeb he was neither the son of a king-, nor sprang of a, royal line; and in like manner after him, David, the son of Jesse : tbe forma- because he was brave, snd raited to Uieroyal dignity, the. fetter because he was humble, and pioas. So that he who turpaeses all within tbe realm in fitness far royally, should preside over all n dignity mad power. Bat if any one of the family of the deceased sovereign ahonld ex*el others, his election should be the more readily end cheerfully conceded. Wherefore, as oar late sovereign Richard died without issue of his body, and as his brother Earl John, D«w present, is wise, brave, and manifestly noble,- we, having respect both to his merits and bie royal blood, unanimously, and with one aacord, gleet him. to be oar sovereign.' Subsequent events proved that John .was not quite each an estimable personage as this epeach. would lead osJobeueve. Henry I1X was crowned at Winchester in 1316, London *mSku the pememoa of the fte^ Prfaoe Loum. Bb«m compelled fey tiie Papal legate to do homage to the Holy Boman Church, and Pope Innocent foe bis Kingdom of England and Inland, and to bind himself by oath, to pay an annual tribute of 3000 marks to the Papal See. His queen Eleanor was crowned in ,1236, and Holiaahed gives the following account of the ceremony: — 'At the solemnitie of this feast and ooronation of the -quene, all the high peeres of the 'realm both Bpirifei&Il; «nd *£PPPJ?41 JW»e psesent, .there to exercise their offices as to them appertained. The citizens of London 'were there in great arraie, bearing afore hir in solemn vise three Imnflrwfl -tnA.Otma^ean «ops «f ««Id and silver, in token that they, ought to wait open hir cnp. Archbishop of Ctnterburie (according to his dutie) crowned hir, the Bishop of London assisting him as his deacon. The citizens of London served oat wine to everie one in great plentie. The feast was plentif all, so that nothing wanted that coold be wished. Moreover in TothiU^elda roiall justes were holden by the apace of eight dales together. Of the coronation of Edward X. the same chromeler remarks : — 'At this coronation were present Alexander King .of Scots, and John Earle of Sretaine, with I&eir; wives that were -sisters to King Edward. 'Hie King of. Scots did homage mto King Edward for tbe realme of Scotland, in like manner as other the Singe of Scotland before him had doone to other Kings of Kngiund, ancestooras to this King Edward. At the solemnity of tide coronation there were let go at liberty (catch them that catch might) five hundred great homes by die King of Scots, the Earles of Cornewall, Glocester, Pembroke, Warren, and others, as they ware alighted fro their backs.' _ ? ; As enormous'- crowd gathered to witness the coronation' of Sdward XL, and we are informed that 'there was such presse and throng at this coronation, that a knight, called Sir John Bskewell, was thrust or crowded to death.' The bishops did not Care much better, -and they were forced to hurry through the service in a very slovenly and disorderly manner. A very curious medal was struck on the occasion of the coronation of Edward HL : on one side it bore the effigy of the -young prince, Crowned, placing Jus sceptre on a heap of hearts, with the motto, Pojndo dot jura votenti (He gives laws to a willing people) : and the reverse represented a hand bald out to save ? falling crown, with the motto. JTon rapit, ted reapit (Hie seizes not, but receives). The ooronation of BJahard IL surpassed in wmgnifioBiree any of the preceding, and the usual procession from the Tower to West minster is thus described : 'The citie was adoxnedinaUsortsmostRchlie. The water eon doitsran with wine for the apace of three hours together. In the upper end of Cheap* was a certain castell, made with fonre towers ; out of the which cartel!, on two aides of it, ran forth wine abundantly. In the towers were placed foore beautiful virgins, of stature and age like to the king, apparelled in white vestures, in every tower one, the which blew in tb/ king^s face, at his approaching- neere to . them, leaves of gold ; and as he approached also they threw on hint and his horsse counter, fait' .florens of gold. . When . he was come before the casteU they tooke cups of gold, and, filling' them, with wine, at the spouts of the castell, presented the same to the king and '*o bis nobles.. On the top betwixt the foure . towers,' stood a ^golden angell, holding a crowne in bis .hands, which was so contrived that when the king came he bowed downe, 'and offered to him the. erowne. In the midst of the king's -pallace' was a marble nillar, raised hollow upon steps, on the top whereof was a great gut eagle placed, under whose feet in tie chapiter of the p31ar, divers .kinds ,of wines came gushing forth at fonre several places all the dais long, neither was aaie forbidden to receive the same, were be never ao poor or ibiest' Henry IT. was crowned by Archbishop Eoalan ob the 13th. of October, 1399, the' ampulla being first employed on this occasion. The procession was unusually, splendid, and Froiasart gives the following' interesting account of it ; — ' The dike sf Ttf-nn|Bt^T left the Tower this Sunday, after dinner, on his return to Westminster ; he was bare-headed, . and had round his neck the Order of the King of Prance. The Prince of Wales, six dukes, six earls, eighteen barons, accompanied . fr''m, and there were cf knights and other ? nobility. from.eight to nine hnndred horse in the procesuon. He passed through the streets of London, which were all handsomely decorated' with tapestries and other rich hangings; there were nine fountains in' Cheapside and other streets he passed through that ran perpetually with white and red wines. The whole cavalcade amounted to six thousand horse, that escorted the duke from the Tower to Westminster.'' The coronation of Henry 'VTL was not inhirn-t'*.'*1 by anything special, but that of his queen, Elisabeth, in 1487, was remark able on account of Jhe procession by water from the palace «f Green wich.to the Tower, liitead *f from Westminster as aaual. One of tbeprocessipnalbaigei carried an extraordinary figure in tiiesbj^ of Vnionstrous red dragon, fromthe monEb of which .streams of firegnahed out into the over. Bluff King Hal may .be passed over with the -remade - jhat his coronation was cek brated with \\-brillUnt ^ justs and tournies,' which tiiat. monarch and his queen viewed from ' a faire house covered with tapeetrie.' Of Edwasd VL, Holinahed informs us: ' He rode through London into Westminster with as great roia\tie as might be ? As he passed on the south part of Panle's Churchyard, an Argosine came from the battiemente of Paula's Church upon a cable, being mads fast to an anchor by the Deane'e gate, lying on bis breast, aiding himself neither with hand nor forty and after ascended to the middest of the cable, where he tumbled and played many pretty totes, whereat the king and the nobles had gnat pastime.' When at the. coronation the three swords /typical of ilia three kingdoms were brought to be borne before him, Edward re marked that there was yet one wanting,, and called for thebiMe. « That,' said he, ' is the ?word of the Spirit, and ought in all right to govern bb, who use these for the people's safety by God's appointment. Without that sword we are nothing: we can do nothing. Sromthat we are what we are this day. ... . we receive whatsoever it is that we at this presentdoessume. Underthatweoughttolive, to fight, to govern the people, and to perform all our afiaira. Erpm. that alone we obtain all power, virtue, grace, salvation, and what soever we have of Divine strength.' Mary was the first female sovereign of this country, and she was crowned on the 1st October, 1553. The Archbishops of Canter fcuiy and York both -being prisoners in the Tower, the ceremony was- performed by Gardiner, Bishop -A SSino&eater.; As usual, St. Paul's Cathedral made a considerable show on the day of the procession, and amongst the carious .sights to be witnessed was ' one Peter, a Dutchman, that stood, on the weather-cock of Paole's steeple, holding a- streamer in his hand of five yards long, and waiving thereof, stood sometimes on the one foot and aabok the other, and then kneeled on his knees, to the. great marvel! of all people. He had made two scaffolds under him, one about the crosse, having torches and streamers set on it, and another over the ball of the crosse, likewise eet. with streamers and torches, which could, not burn, the wind was so great. The said Peter had sixteen pounds, thirteen shillings foot pense ior his oostes, and paines, and all his Btuffe.' It is said that Queen Elizabeth composed the following prayer as she went to her oomonation: — 0 Lord Almightie and ever lasting God, I give The* most hearty thanks' that Thou hast beene soaaareifuU unto me as to spare me to behold this ioifull daie. And 1 acknowledge that Thou hast dealt wonder fullie and|as menafullie with me as- Thou didst with Thy true and Esithfull. servant Daniell, Thy frbphet, whom Thou deli veredst out the den from the araeltie of the greedy and roaring liontf. Even so was I overwhelmed, and only by Thee de Breed, To Thee, therefore, onejw 1m thanks, honour and praise; for ever. Amen.' James L superintended the arrangements for his* own coronation, wherein he dis played many marks of the pedantry and extravagance- which formed so prominent a feature in his character. He created two earls, ten barons, sixty-two Knights of the Bath, and conferred the honour of knight' hood on no less than four hundred gentle men. Hia successor, the ill-fated Chaxles L, was crowned twice— in 1626 in England, and in 1633 in Scotland. The Presbyterians having invited Charles EL to Scotland; he was crowned at Scone, January 1, 1631. A very extraordinary sermon was preached on this occasion by ' Master Eobert Dowglas, minister at Edinburgh, Moderator -of the .General Assembly, from 2 Kings xL, verses 12— 16.' He delivered a bitter philippic against the parents of the young king, and went so far as to compare his mother to the wicked Athalian. After the ceremony was concluded ' the minister spoke to him a word of exhortation,' being, in fact, an oration of considerable length. The only incident worthy of note -in con nection with the coronation of James XL is that, on the king's return from the Abbey, the crown tottered upon bis head, end would have fallen off bad it not been for the timely aid of the Honourable Henry Sidney, who hastened to support it, saying, ' This is not the first time oar family have supported the crown 1*. At the coronation of William and Mary, the Bishop of London officiated instead of the Archbishop of Canterbury; the latter objecting to place the crown upon the head of sovereigns who claimed it by a parlia mentary title, and not by hereditary descent. This was the first occasion on which both king and queen were crowned as sovereigns. Anne's coronation was a very proeaie affair, and the actual kiss of peace was only given by her Majesty to the archbishop and other prelates. George L was not acquainted with the English language, and very few of those near him knew anything of German ; the ceremonies attending his coronation had, therefore, to be explained to Lim, through the medium of such Latin as those around him could muster. This circumstance gave rise to a jest which was very popular for some time afterwards, to the effect that much bad Uuigtuigc had passed between the king and hiB ministers on the day of csronation. Nothing occurred at the coronation of George IL andiiis queen Caroline to give any variety or interest to the scene ; but acorionc anecdote exists concerning that of his suc cessor, George IIL We give an extract from the u Gentleman's Magazine' for 1764, which contains the copy of a letter addressed to the Duke of Devonshire :— 'The Young Pretender himself was in Westminster Hall during the coronation, and in town two or three davs before and (after it, under the name of Mr. Brown. A gentleman told me so. who saw him there, and who whispered in his ear, ?Your Boyal Highness is the last of all mortals whom I should expect to see here.' 'It was curiosity that led me,' said the other, ' bat I assure yoo,' added be, ? that the person who is the cause of all this pomp and mag nificence is the man I envy the least!'' When the gauntlet was cast down by the champion for the last time, a white glove fell from one of the spectators, who was in en elevated position. This was duly handed to the champion, who demanded to know ** who was his fair foe ?' It is said that the glove was thrown, down by the Young Chevalier, who was present in feminine attire. In concluding this paper there remains one wish to.be uttered — it is that many years may pass away before the occasion arises for our chroniclers to busy themselves with the par ticulars of yet another crowning ! 