& Righted* Wrong. EX 35DMDKD YATES. , ' You are quite sure you svill be back in a montb, PitzF Lady Davyntry said at the close of the dis euseion, when she bad accepted the inevitable witb her usual unfailing cheerfulness, and was actually alinost ready to think the plan- a very 'jleasant ?Variety. ' You must, vou know, for I don't believe it would be safe for Margaret to trnrel after a longer time; and you know jvhat Cooper said about March in Englnnd for her chest. And a month -will give you time to settle all this bother ting business. I really think I should get rid of Curtis, if I were you, and give Madge plenty of .time to see Mr. Carteret. I have some lovely Inva ,lo send him ; and, Madge, I will let you have the H&t; knife Signor Land gave me, you know — the qne they found in Pompeii. They eny it belonged toSallust's cook, and be used to slsj- it ou the dresser when dinner was ready to be served. Mr. Carteret would be delighted to have it ; don't you think bo?' it ? I am sura ha would,' Margaret answered absently. I Lady Davyntry -went on: 'You mustn't worry about this business, Fitz; it is not like you to bother so about any mere matter of money.' ' It is more than a mere matter of money. Nelly.' said Mr. Baldwin hastily. 'But there, don't let us talk of it any more.— You will get ready to start on Wednesday, Margaret; and, please God, yre shall all be here together again before long.' HHeleftJthe women together, and went away, pleading letters to be written lor the mail in the morning. As lie closed tfae door, Margaret's quick ear caught the sound of a heavy sigh. In her turn she thought what Eleanor had said, ? it is not like him to tbink so much of a mere matter of money ;' for Ilia explanation bad not made it clear Io her that anything more than money was concerned. Her sister-in-law talked on and on to her, grow ing more excited by and better pleased with the ^occurrences of the day as she did so, until she finally persuaded herself that nojeal harm, oreven permanent unpleasantness, could came out of them to her brother. Margaret hardly heard her. Her heart was heavy and troubled ; and that night, as 'she and her husband stood by the bed where their child was sleeping, watching the infant's happy slumber, as was their invariable custom, she leathered confirmation of her shapeless misgiving from the expression of bis face, from the infinite tenderness of his tone to her, and the deep melan choly of the look he turned upon the child. ' Is there a shadow, a dread, a skeleton in his past too?' Margaret mused, when she was alone; .'and am I about to find it out? I thought there was nothing in all his nuble history which needed an hour's concealment, or could bring a cloud to his !face. But I must, as surely I can, trust liira. If there be more to tell than huhas told,— and I think there must be, for what is a money riBk to him and me P — it is my part to wait patiently until the time comes for me know it. When he thinks it light, he will tell me ; until then I ought to be satisfied, and I will. He said the chief part of jliis business would ba in London j 1 shall hear all :? limit -if. +hnrn * Calling to her aid her former habit of selfcon trol, — a little fallen into disuse in the new and per fect happiness of her life, in which it was seldom needed,— Margaret did not embarrass Mr. Baldwin by a question, by the slightest betrayal that alie suspected any concealment on his part; but she eaid to herself very frequently, in the brief inter . val before the commencement of their journey, ' I shall learn the truth in London.' The old presentiment which had once haunted Ilier so constantly, which had been so readily awakened by the merest chimerical cause, of which ,ehe had felt guilty, ashamed, combating its in ;Jiuence by reasoning upoaits ingratitude, its weak ness, its unworthiness, had left her, it seemed, at ' this time. No shadow from the brooding wings of ' the terrific truth swept across her soul. Tie journey was commenced at the appointed 'time, and safely accomplished, witb as much ce lerity as was possible nearly thirty years ago. On their arrival in London, the travellers went to a hotel in Bond-street, end Margaret, much tirod by the journey, foil almost immediately into a Bound sleep. They had reached London at noon, and it was quite dark when sbeawoke. The glim mering firelight showed her Mr. Baldwin's figure Seated beside her bed, and she awoke to'the con sciousness that he was looking at her with terrible intentness. ' Are you quite rested, my darliag ?' he said. ' Quite.' She answered only one word. The time had come, and she was nfraid, though still no shadow from the brooding wings of the terrific truth swept across her soul. He kissed htr on tae forehead, and rose. Then he said, 'Come down as quickly. as you cau. I asked Dugdaie and Mr. Meredith to meet us iu Loudou, and they are iiore.' CHAPTER VII. TUE MAHEIAGE. A silent party was assembled in the large old fashioned room iu which Margaret's presence was awaited. On the high mantel clusters of tall wax candles were grouped, which had failed to light the dusky apartment half-way along its length or across its breadth, but threw their lustre around the hearth, covered with a Turkey rag. Hayes Meredith leaned moodily against the fluted side of the grim black-marble chimneypiece, ?with one foot ou the brasB feuder, and his keen «Iark glance turned towards the glowing red lire. James .Dugdaie sat in a heavy arm-chair, his head leaning back ngainst the red-leather cushion, his long thin fingers grasping the sides of the chair, llin ffUN?. HiwP.VfVimiA nnwnf in n«han..nrTavnn1rm,. and the nervous tremor which pervaded his entire frame painfully evident to the two letroriger men. Mr. Baldwin paced the room with folded nras. All three were silent. They bad said all that was to be said in ike absence of her whom their consul tation concerned so deeply. A light tread in the passage outside the door caught Mr. Baldwin's strained ear. James Uug -lale beard it too, but he did not move ; he only closed his eyes, and passed his hand across his lurow. In another molnent Margaret was in the room, was within the luminous circle made by the light, and had advanced towards Meredith. Her face was deadly pale, but her eyes were)- bright, and the old look of resolution which he had bo often remarked and admiaed struck him once more, with his first glance at her. Her figure was as slight and girlish as -when.he had seen her last ; the principal, changewas in her rich dress, now become habitual to her. Hayes Meredith tried liard to make his earnest greeting as gladsome as it might have been ; to B»y,* I told you we should meet again— you see I was a trap prophet;' but there was somethiag in her face -which made it quite impossible. She ebpok hands with him, and then turned to James, ?w^o had now stood up, and laid her hand won fcisiphoulder. FitziriUiam Baldwin made wo sign. The 'worst had come now; and he had very little strength to face it. ?James,' she said, 'is my father dead?' 'Good God, Margaret,' he made answer, catch 3ng her hands in his, ' No ! what can have put such an idea, bucu a fear, into your mind ? He is quite 'well/ She kissed him on the cheek, and sat down, keeping her hand on Jiis arm still, and, slightly turning her head towards Baldwin, eaid in a quiet voice, ' I knew there is something wrong. My husband 5s concealing something from me; he is right in having concealed it so far, for he is always right— she paused for a moment to smile at him, and then Meredith did not know the face-'-he had never eeen that look in it — 'and he has asked you to -meet us here and tell me what it is, because he can not bear to tell me himself. Well. I will hear any thing you have to tell me. ff it is hsi wish'— again ebe paused and smiled at him — ' but be is here, and Hvell ; ray father, and my child, and you'— she pressed James's arm with the band that lay upon at—' are well ; what can there be for me to fear bo Tery much that my husband should dread to tell |t to we himself?' She turned an earnest, imploring gaze on James, and. saw the look he directed st Meredith. Bald ?win stepped hastily towards her, but she stretched ilier hand out, and shrank away from him. The terrible truth was last swooping down upon her pow. ' It does not corns from him,' she said breath lessly ; ' it is the resurrection of the past— it ismy {aid dread — it is bad news that you have brought — 'her -white face addressed itself to Mere dith— 'tell me wbat it is quickly, for God's sake ! fct cut bear to know it— I cannot bear the eus tpense.' r »J will tell yon, my dear,'t«aid Meredith ; and l.' he left his diace, andjpiitihis Btxonjgjapn roun&bfir;, tfae other two stood eideTByjjideat a little distance. 'It is bad sews, but nDit;-vtg$g6ad;:th'e trouSAe it brings will soon be oVer;*alM,nO;iU can evgrjegge'' of it. Do you remember when;^ beawT, '? one' night, when yon were at my house,' that Hunger ford had been murdered ?' 81ib started, and sgid, ' Yes, yes.* ? You recollect the date r* ? Perfectly.' Her voice was hardly audible. ? He did nnt meet that dreadful fate, Margaret. He did not die thus, or then.' ? Thank |God !' she said. And then, in a be wildered way,' she thought for a moment, and cried out, 'lie is not dead? He is not dead! That is your news— your dreadful news !' ' No, my darling.no,' said Mr. Baldwin, coming to liar side. ' It is not so bad as that. Thank God, your fears are so far beyond the truth. He is dead. Weare not parted, is'o, no.' 'No, no,' continued Meredith, still holding her ; ' it is not so bad as that. Hungerf ord is dead ; I saw his body, and I gave it decent burial ; but he did not die until long after the time when you believed him dead.' ' When did he |diei' she asked. The relief was immense, but if the news she was to hear was only that, it was rather good than bad. ' When did he die?' Mereditli hesitated. Baldwin turned away. 'Tell me,' she insisted. ?He died only a short time ago,' said Meredith slowly, ' He died only a tew days before I left Melbourne.' She was still standing, upheld by his arm, but she lost consciousness for a little as she stood. He placed her gently in a chair, and they kept aloof from her, until her eyes opened, and she drew a long breath. Then slio lilted her hand to her forehead, and slowly pushed the hair away from it. ? You are better now ?' said Jauieg. ' I am quite well,' she said. ' Let me understand this. I don't quite take it in.' ' It is better that she should understand all about it at once, Baldwin,' said Meredith. 'The shock is over now, and time must not be lost. Tho only difference this unfortunate affair will make to you, my dear, is that you must be married over again. Ho spoke thfi words with extreme reluctance, and Margaret's face crimsoned. ' What,' she exclaimed, ' do you mean ?' And then she said gently, 'Ah— yes I see— I under stand,' and covering her face -with her hands she burst into tears. Mr. Baldwin knelt down by her chair, and gently drew one hand from before her eyes. ' I tbink you had better leave her with me now for a little while,' ho said. The two men went silently away. All through the hours of the wintry night, Mar garet strove with the anguish that had come on her as bravely as she had striven against that which hod turned her youth to bitterness. But she strove now with a different kind of strength, and she had consolation then denied to her! Yet even in that consolation theie was more sorrow. In the past she had stood alone, her grief was ners only, her misery troubled no one's peace, Ol* fiDft t\j(\ Tint. -wn 1 ] en *-J»rtf it- Siojf? n».» m.^lj. ;_ fluence ; she had to tight it all alone, in patience, in endurance, in defiance.no softening influence no gentle thouRnts and blessed hopes to ham per or to aid her. The hard material conflict of life had been hers, and in her heart the sting of cruel mortification, of bitter disappointment dis gust, and scorn. J5ut she had borne this all alone, and had been able to bear it, had come through it some how *Dd, if severely wounded, had hidden her wounds! now healed by the balm ot love and happiness. But in this sorrow she did not stand alone ? she iad the additional misery that it hod brought grief upon the man who had changed her whole life into gladness, him to whom die owed all, and more than realised every dim misgiving she had everfeltwlientheideaot a second niarrioce nw santed itself. She had aeon Meredith and Dugdaie again after her long interview with Mr. Baldwin had come to an ond-nn interview full of exquisite pain to both, and yet stored among the most precious memories of their lives— and had learned all the particulars at the plan of action upon which they bad decided. Then she had requested that- she aught he left quite alone, un^l her presence should lie necessary in tho morning. Daring this trying time Margaret had successfully maintained her composure, and when Bhe left them the three men remained silent for several minutes, under the. impression produced by her calmness, good sense, an&WI;&cdntrol.; Meredith waa tu-j first to break thfCfcifeHog. 'How WanflBrfully she has borne it!' he said. I never h'tjpeashe would take it like that, though I bnve secnjior in great trouble before, and ought to have known -srbat she could do and bear when the screw was put on her.' ' I have never seen her in any trouble until now.' Jiayes Alerddith told the others nil he knew, and from his narrative Mr. Baldwin learnt how tolerantly, how mercifully, Margaret had dealt with the wretched man who had made her youth so miserable, and how, while telling him the simple terrible truth as she saw it, there wns much she had not seen, had failed to understand. And, as he listened to the story.and thoughthowthe ghost of the horrid past had risen up again to blight her, lie felt as iE all the love with which ho had loved her were nothing in comparison with that -which filled his heart now ; and he grieved purely, un Belfislily, for her, ns she was then grieving for him, Margaret had taken her child into her room. The nurse, -weary of the journey, was nothing loth to be rid of her charge, being an honest, stupid, bovine sort of person, nnd therefore admirably suited to her functions, she did not trouble her mind about her mistress's movements or remark her appearance. The little girl, already strikingly like her mother, now slept tranquilly in Margaret's arms, and now, when in the restlessness of mental suffering she could not sit still, but walked about the room, in a deep chair before the fire. As the night -wore on, Margaret -would kneel beside the chair, andJookattbe child by the fire light, and then stand up again, and resume her ?vvandering up and down. Surely the da,wn -was very iong in coming. She lived through those hoars as probably ereiy one injerery kind of suflfer ing lives through certain supreme hours of that ex perience ; in alternate paroxysms of acute anguish, spells oC quiet concentrated thought, and lapses ot -tall paiu, in which there is a kind of confused forgetfulness, wanting little of beingquite a blank. When lie latter come, she would rock the child upon her knees before the fire, or stand idly at the window, the curtain held back in her bond, and her face pressed against the cold damp panes, Memory formed a rack on -which she was stretched, until her powers of endurance were al most exhausted, and when the release came, it wasj accompanied by the stupor -which follows terrible physicial pain. Every circumstance of her past life, every pain in it, from the firecest pang to the mostignominious little insult, came up to her, and gave her a deliberate wrench, and above all, the sense of loneliness in all this, contradictory though such a feeling was to the general tenor of her thoughts, oppressed her. No one could shore that trouble with ber which came from tho past ? therein she must suffer alone. said Mr. Baldwin— there -was a strange kind of pain to him iu this first association with the man who had seen and helped Margaret in the time now again linked so mysteriously to the present— ' she does, indeed, bear this wonderfully.' ' I doubt whether any of us— whether even you ? can tell what it is to 'her,' said James, and there was a little impatience in his tone. Who could really know what she suffered but he —he, dowered with the power oE feeling and understanding grief as these two men, so different, and yet in some qualities of their organisation, eo alike, were not dowered ? The exceptional circumstances had broken down tho ordinary barriers which would have shut out the subject, and the three talked over the history of Margaret's lifts in Australia fully and freelv. 