TJie Disaster to the Eurydice. A penllomnn now rosidnig m jirisunne lins fur- 1 niehed tlie Oouiu r.t with information which serves to I throw Rome light on the nrobable c-wse of tlie deplor able catastrophe to H.M.H. JOurydice, which, as the cable W informed ub, wkb capBi/ed in a t-quaU off tlie isle of Wight on the lilth JlarcU, with the Ioks of 300 liven. Jie aervcil on board that ill-fated vessel during the Crimean war, and subsequently ou the U'cst India station. The opinion prevailed on board the ship that the Etirydice wan a prize captured during tbe last war between England and France, and that phe certainly was not a Uritisli-built Eliip. Bluing the Orimean Wiir, nnd for some time after, she was a 26 gnn frigate. She wan of extrenjely light draught o'f water, and wns- rigged to carry a great amount of I canvas, tlie consequence being that while she could, under full press of nail, overhaul any craft she ever encountered, she was extremely 'cranky.' More than once while onr informant served in Jier she went over on her beam ends, but having on board oiiu I of the BUmrtcst ? crews in the . British service , I she was quickly righted again. - She lias done some good work in her duy in the EUjiprcF.sioii of the slave trade oil Cuba, as owing to these qualities of light draught and great speed £he coulil sail in BUulloweriwater than other vessels of the s°ma tonnage, and could overtake even tlio fastest of a class of vessels built specially for ' running*' their cargoes. The 2G guns on the lower deck steadied her considerably when under full canvas and it was the practice to add ro much ballast, nB it ,were, on those occasions .by sending belo\y all hands uot actually wanted to work tbeship. It is conjectured that, ac cording to the syetcm of armament wliioh baa been, adopted »f lute venrs, and iu order to fit her to carry as a trainiug-i-'iip so many as 400 eouls, her 2ii main-deck guns have been removed, ami thus lightening her very much, while her heavy guns have been placed on her upper deck. This would, of course, tend to render her less manageable* in bad weather, and avessel 'cr.mky'at the best of times, and when firmed frigate fashion, would, under these circumstances, be alrao* t certain to capsize ii struck by a heavy squall wbileunder sail, and would probably be turned right over and go down immediately. This is probably what has happened, and would account for the almost total Joss of life which ban rendered the disaster tlie most terrible in Britisbnaval annkls tin -e the foundering of tbe Captain. TnEGuoFT at mr. Grzi.DH.tM-..— Tlie support awarded by the public up to the present time h»a been most gratifying to Jtr. D'Arcy Head, who in return has extended liis stay hcreforthe purpose of in troducing new flpectacular uuveltiesthat cannot fail to elicit tlie wonder and aduiiiation of the publK Next week the programme vill comprise a BpectralMs Uirical romance, oalled 'Temptation,' as originslly produced bv 1'rofeseor Pepper at the London Fgly I^.XIIU1V, lOllUWCU U.y IV |iruKau ^.|,|,l^iu ?tiliriUU 1U vented by Jlr. D'Arcy Bead, representing a phantom Christy Minstrels : tfie whole to conclude with the mirth-provoking 'Ghost Kevels in the Haunted lloufe.' The tin jnininp industry, we (Palmer Chromrlej are clad to be able to state, is in a more flourishing condition than it lias hitherto been. Several new claims hare been taken up, and Messrs. J. andG. Woods have found a well-defined lode of the metal near Granite Creek, specimens of which we have Been. It is assayed at 63 per cent, pure tin, and can safely be said to be a fortune to tho lucky finders. We also Baw tho other day at Byentown a splendid sample of ore from the same place— about four tons— which was awaiting carri&Ro; to Cooktown, there to be shipped to Sidney. Since the late rains, considerable quantities of ore have been raised, jmd -we ourselves saw a packet conveying GOO canvas Tiags for carryiag the ore to the tin workings. A urge percentage of gold is found mixed with the ore. There can be uo doubt now of the permanence of the stannif erons industry, and we heartily wiiU it every tnctem. 