THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN MATCHES IN ENGLAND. By One oj» Them. THE MIDDLESEX MATCH London, 23rd June. In my last report I had to record our severe defeat in .one innings by the Gentlomen of Eng land, at Prince's. ' I can only say respecting that contest, that it we had played at all up to form tho result might have been far different.. I think it oneht 'to be mentioned. that the team. wax not wholly composed of gentlemen cricketers, for tho Messrs. Grace and- Gilbert received a Bum. of £60 for their services, and upon an objoction to the payment being raised by our manager, it was pointed but by the Messrs. Princo, tbat W. G. and GL F. Grace with Gilbert are invariably paid for playing. It seems odd, therefore, that they should be included in a team of amatours. We have, to thank Messrs. W. G. Grace and Bash for depriv ing us of Mid winter's aid during the remainder of our tour. Midwinter had entered into a verbal arrangement to play for us in every match in England, and these two persons hearing of it, and* being desirous of our non-success, came iutb .the pavilion at Lord's about noon, on the 20th, when we commenced our important match with Middle sex. They had a long conversation with Mid winter, who was in cricketing dress ready for play, and tho upshot was that Midwinter left us in the lurch without a moment's notice, and wont away with Grace and Bush to play with Gloucester against Surrey at Kennington Oral. I don't think Grace will be tho better liked for thismanccuvro. As- he was leaving the ground, ho said to one of us, '' You have not the ghost of a. show against Middlesex.' Doubtless the result of the match has surprised him, D'oBpitb Midwinter's aid too, Surrey, which we beat by fivo wickets,, defeated the Great Western County by 16 runs. We' have determined that we will not play against Gloucestershire unless Grace apologises for his conduct and for tho lan guage he made use of in referenco to us on the occasion of his taking Midwinter away. I. D. Walker, the Middlesex captain, won tho toss, and sent'us in. At noon sharp the two Bannormans led the way for us against the bowling of Hender son and Hadow. Our innings opened badly, for A. Bannortnan let out at a full toss from Hender son, and was splendidly caught at point by Hadow, into whoso hands the ball went, like a shot from a thirty-two pounder. It was hard lines for Aliek. 1—4—6.' Horau filled tho vacancy, and 0, Bannerman hit tremendously hard at a loose one from Hadow, but the ball touched the edge of tho bat, and went into Hender son's hands at point. 2— 8-rl2. Gregory joined Horan, who lifted Hadow to deep long-on, where A. Lyttejton made an excellent catch— 3— 1—13, and the prospect of a largo total looking poor, Garrett and Gregory now were aseooiatod, and a long stand ensued. 20 went up on the board .and then Garrett, warming to his work, drove Hen derson .splendidly to the off for 4. A couple of maidens having been sent down, Gregory bit HadoWto square-leg for 4-30 up— and Robert son went on vice Hadow. A few singles were added, and then the new man bowled Garrett off his pad, after playing a lively innings for 10. Four for 39. Spoffortb was- next, and tho score stood at 45 when the demon bowler, who ' had an : over or two before been missed at the long field, succumbed to a plain baHfrom Robertson. 5—6 —45. Murdoch joinel Gregory, who made a single, and was at once caught at point for noughts Six for 46. Bailey became his captain's j comrade, and the result of the partnership, was a very much improved atate of tho re gister. 50 and 60 soon went up on the board, Bailey- doing most of the scoring. When 80 had been hoisted amid applause, I. D. Walker relieved Robinson just before luncheon. On resuming play at a quarter to three both bats men continued their scoring career, .and despite' various changes in the bowling it was not till after 120 had gone up that the Tasmanian was caught at point. 7—39—124- Bailey played a fine, free and wristy innings for his 39, and was warmly applauded. Blackham appeared on the scene, and Gregory, in attempting a drive, tipped the ball into E. Lyttolton's hands at short Blip. 8—42—125. We were all hoartily pleased to see our captain display hia best form before an English company. Hitherto he had played eleven innings for a total of 23, and it was thonght therefore by many persons that he couldn't bat a little bit, bat on this occasion he came out of his shell and astonished them.' I never saw him play better cricket, and he did not give the shadow ef a chance. Boyle and Blackham added 11 to the score, and then the former was adjudged run out by Nixon, a pro fessional umpire whose deehion in this, as well as in other instances during the match, was grossly unfair, 'hia fiat of course being1 against us ' in each case. 9—5—136. Allan, the last man, wha ' a'.waya amuses the specta tors, kept at tbe wicket3 for a long time with Blackham, and caused 60 to follow 50 ou tho tele graph. Several changes of bowling had been tried, and at last a separation was effected through Allan playing one of Robertson's against his foot, whence it cannoned to the wicket, and the ' bowler of a century' retired for a well earned 15. Ten far 165. Blaokham played in his bast style for 20 not out, and he was deservedly' applauded on returning to the. pavilion. The bowling of tho Middlesex team is not first-class. Henderson and Hadaw bowl slow round-arm, right hand. The former has a slight break from leg, and the latter none at al). He pitches wide to the off as a rule, and tempts the batsmen to hit in that direction. The other bowler*, except Walker (who bowls alow lobs) were fast round hand and very plain. The fielding in two or: three instances was really splendid. It was nearly] half-past {our when Messrs. I. D. Walker and A. J. Webbo Issued from the pavilion, to face the boiling of Spoffortb and Boyle. The former batamau got a single in SpoOTortu's first over, and 7obbe in his next made a beautiful 'cut tov the chains for 4. Boyle kept sending down maideha tor some time, but at last Walker placed him to i short- leg for a single./' ?:. Spofforth came in' for I severe ' punishment, and 20 was' soon hoisted. Allan relioved Boylo, though nearly all the runs had been obtained from Spoffortb, and still the. runs were added. 80 up, and 40 quickly fol lowed. Six runs wero added, and then Walker was caught at 8hort:legt-ff Garrett, who had. just relieved Spofforth, 1—23— 46.; Walkor playod thorough ctioSef for bis' ruus.' He has an up right position, and plays every ball with case and confidence. He cats' Beautiful I v. Hadow was next, and after sending Garrott to the long-field for a brace 'succumbed to the Dext ball— a fast shooter. Two for 48. The bon. A. LyttoUon joined A. J. Wobbo, and the scoring became vbry rapid, each batsman playing bard and vigorously, obtaining 2'e, 3's and 4'a at an alarming vato, and causing our captain to make repeated changes in the bowling. Spofforth went on vice Allau,-bufc the ' domoa ' could not effect a separation, so Boyle displaced him. Bailey relieved Garrott, bat in hia first and only over he sent three' of the four balls right at tho' batsman's head, and six runs rosulted. 50, 60, 70, 80 and 90 went up, and the century was soon hoisted amidst tremendous applause. - Allan and Garrett, who woro how at the bowling crease, changed ends; and tho aspoct of the innings altered wonderfully. When the score stood at 107 Webbe was bowled by Allan with a regular trimmer, and the Oxonian retired for a well played innings of 50. He gave throe chances,, the first to Blackham at the wickets, tho second to Murdoch at point, anrj tho third to Gregory at short slip, all off Spoffirtb. 3-50-107. The hon, E. LyttoUon now became hia brother's associate, and started his' accouut immediately by hitting Allan tosquarejleg for 4. His brother, however, cams to erief'wa Garrett 's next, and de parted after n&ying; a beautifully free and dash ing innings ior 25. Four for 111. H. K. Webbo waa next, but ho was seat to the right-about the first ball. 5 -0—111. B. Ly Melton fell to Allan in his next over and Scott replaced him, and after making a couple wits stumped by Blaokham off Garrett. It occurred1 in this Way; The bats mau waa caught by Blackhani, 'ami Nixon, the umpire to whom I havo already. alluded, said not out. when appealed to. Scott, knowing that be had touched the ball and not hearing tho um pire's dociaion, distinctly stepped out of hia ground, and Blackham had his bails off boforo ho could get back again. /~2— 113. Stiidd waa bowled by Allan for nought, and Henderson, who succeeded him, made 5 and tutm succumbed to a fast one from Garrett, whose next' ball disposed of the newcomer Salmon. 10—0—122, Robertson being not out 2. t'Ue innings termi nated at three minutes to seven, the hour fixed for drawing tbestumpB. Garrett bowled in fine form, and took sevon wickets for 38 runs, while Allan, who waaia-oajethiug like his old style, got throo for 27. Blackham kept wicket splendidly, and frequently. ' brought down the bouse'' by hia smart actir/u. Tlrero wero about 8000 spectators, including a fair number of ladies. The weather waa charming, scarcely a cloud ap peared in tbo sky, and tho sun shono throughout with a gonial warmth, nwikLig ua feel quite at home, for it was almost exactly like playing cricket on a pleasant summer day in Sydney or in Melbourne. The wicket was pretty fast towards tho close of tho day's ptay. At noon noxt day wa commenced our second innings by Bonding in tho two Bannermana, as before, to faco the bowling of Henderson and Hadow. Tho younger brother soon went, being caught fit mid-off from H^dow's bowling. 1—3 — 11. ? Horan followed, bu| aftor making a couple ; for a hit to square-leg wasicaught at the wickets 'off Henderson. Two for 18. Gregory filled the vacancy, and broke hia feick the G rat ball. 30 went up on tho board ,i»[ doubles mostly, and when 5 more bad been miijde Bannerman, in try ing to pull a abort-pitched one from Henderson, was bowled. The dcpaiting batsman played in 1 hia' old brilliant style for b),s23. Three for 35. Gar rett and Gregory were now together, and a long stand ensuod. The former hit freely and well, sanding Henderson twice in an over for 4 to the boundary, and/ Gregory hereabouts hit tho same bowler also for 4. Garrett was pretty ?augh on Hadow, too, fo'r bo Bant him travelling in two successive balls for 4oach to long fiekUorc. 60 up, and Robertson wontota, vice Henderson, while E. Lyttelton (slow underiband), took tho leather from Hadow. The runs] kept mounting up, and Gregory drove Robertson' in fine style to long fiold on for 4, repeating tbo'performanco in tbat bow ler'a next over. - 70 and j'80 went up, and several changes wero made in \\\ke bowling without effect ing a separation. Whgn the lunoheon bell rang at two o'clock tho two ffi'i were still Ihere, the. score being 91; On jresuminc, at forty-five minutes past two, Garrfatt cut Henderson for a brace bohind point, butjtho next ball sealed his fate, Studd, at long field-on, making a well judged catch. Garrett played a very lively Inn ings for 34, and was greeted with considerable, ap plause on retiring. Fou|rfor 93, Spofforth filled the breach, and his partner welcomed him by send ing Henderson eplend'idlyto long field on for a pair of 4's in successive balls. Three more to Gregory, off Hendor»on, for a capital drive, and 110 soon f otlJo wed . . tho century, tho hoisting of which bad. been marked by freat applause. At last- our captain was ispoaed of by being caught at short slip, off Henderson, for exactly the score he ob tained in hia first ihAihge, viz., 42. Again Gre gory showed hia. ,lraif form, and didn't give the ghost of a show to hia opponents, who felt very pleased tV see: him retrace his stops to the pavilion. , 5 — ia — 112. Murdoch joined Spoffortb, who now bejkn hitting in fine style. The tens went up a£ an alarming rate, deapito frequent changes of bowling, and 150 was hoisted amid cheers. When. !9 j had been added to that number Murdoch v/hs bowled by Scott, after making 13 bytfair C'Jcket. Six for 159. Itailey filled the breach, and -lrove Hadow twice to long field-on for 4 in one over. 170 up, and I. D. Walker went on vice Iladow. 4 to Bailey, off Walker, to long-off, wjith a couple of doubles to 8poffortb, off Scott, caused 180 td be hoisted, and Henderson tooki the ball from Scott. A couple ef 4'a to Spoffdirih off Henderson for capi tal drives to long-on »ent 190 in sight, but when 7 more were made the ' Vanderdecken of the cricket field' was calught at the wickets. Spot forth got 56 runs in less than an hour by cricket of tho most dashing dlescripiion, and only ono difficult chance can do 'counted against t,ho per formance. This is the i largest score yet made bv any ot us in the -English tour. Seven for 197. Blackham joined the! ^asraanian, who appeared to be doing jast as hn pleased with the bowling. 200 appeared on the telegraph, and 210 quickly followed, principally through Bailey's effortB. At this stage Ay X) {jvebbe took Henderson's place at tho bowling teaao and commenced send ing down sorae genum? fast ' Sydney grubbers.' Blackbam snicked hist^wo or three times to leg for doubles, and 220 was not long in being hoisted. A^ain a change of bowling was tried, Henderson going on vice Hadow, . and Robertson supplanted Webbe. 240 had appeared on the register when Bailey was bowled byr {Robertson with a break .back, after playing a, Wfcital and freely.hit inn ings for 32. Eight for 2^0. Robertson bowled Boyle and Allan in euccessi vie balls, and thus, the inn ings terminated for 2»0, Blackham again carrying out his bat for a well-feafned 21. Tho bowling of tho Middlesex team wjaa fairly collared, and if our men had displayed k little more patience the total would have e*aly reached 800. With 284' runs to get to wiCi^inr opponents began their second innings with A. Lyttelton and Studd against tho bowling of Allan turn Garrett. The score etoo at sik when the former waa splendidly oaught by Blackham off Garrett (1—3—6), and Soott suc ceeded him. Several maidens were sent down, and 10 waa a long time in appearing, though the wicket was vory fast; Allan at length scattered Sludd's stumps, 'and the record was 2— 7— 14 with the scoro unaltered. The next three wickets fell thus, A. J. Webbe, to Allan for nought; Scott caught splendidly by Murdoch at point off Garrett ; and Hadow, bowled by Allan, tor nought. Five for 14; It seemed da if a collapse were about to follow, but I.. D. Walker and E. Lyttelton played up most determinedly, and the scoring bocame very fast. Allan bad each bats man leg beforo wicket, but Nixon was dotermmed not to give either out. Lyttelton would some times Ijo bit while standing right in front, and though Allan was bowling over the wicket with scarcely any break, the umpire's vordict would be invariably in the batsman's favor. Lyttelton would now and then Bay ' quito right, Nixon,' though from Disposition he could not po3sibly tell whether the decision was right or uot; and beaides a batsman, 1 think, should nover apeak to tho umpire in such a way 08 might tend to influonco lia decision. The Bcoro increased rapidly despite the changos of bowling, and 70 was ou the board when Boylo bowlod Walkor with a trimmer. J— 23— 72. The Middlesex captain played beaati ul cricket, hia cutting especially beiug dxcollent, 1\. R. Wobbe with E. Lyttelton playod out tirao, the «joro being 72 for six wickets. There was another good attendance, fully 7000 persons having paid for admission, and the weather was again just like a pleasant summer day in Sydney, the moist heat being tempered by a gentle wind. Messrs. Lyttelton and Webbe reaamed thoir )laces at noon on the third day, againat the bowl ing of Allan and Garrett. Runs came from tho start, the former batsman getting two.4'a, and a doublo in Allan's second over, 100 wont up in ? a very few minutes, and Spoffortb. took Allan's place.Tho ' demon' waa heavily slated by Lyttel ton, who got three 4's in hi8 firat over. Boylo went on at Garrett'a end, and Horan was triod instead of Spofforlh, but still the rung catno apace. Allan relieved Boyle, and tho chango worked, Webbo being bowled with a leg broak, after plitying well for 17. Saven for 148. Robert son hit Garrets for 4, and then succumbed to a Yorker from Allan, Lytteltan meantime being' verybUBy. Eight for 162. Hpnderson was soon jowlod by Garrott, and Salmon succoedod him. Liytteltpn at lost came to grief, Gregory catching him ia the slips, off Allan. He playod a magnia COnt inniflPfT fnr 113 marta in fnn nntira nnrl n quarter. Ho gave two chances only in addition to the I.b.w., and they wore difficult one3,to Black ham at the wickets, ono off Garrett and tho other^ off Horan. Hia stylo of play resembles that of G. P. Robertson, tho well-known Vic torian, and on a fast wicket ho ia one of the most dangerous batsmen in England. Ho playa for ward splendidly, and his cutting powers are not surpassed by many batsmon. The .innings was over at half-past ona for a total of 185, whioh left us victors by 98 runs. Allan bowlod quite in hia old form, and took six wicketa for 76 rung, a vory good average on a very fast wicket. Spofforth didn't come off. Blackham waa all tboro at the wickets, and our fielding all round waa first class. There were about 5000 persons present, and the day was again beautifully fine and pleasant. On Sunday, the 23rd, Mr. Best, the proprietor of our hotel (tbo Horseahoe), treated us io a magni ficent spread at tho Welsh Harp Hotel, Hendon, where an enjoyable day was spent, and by tho five o'clock train tjio same day we left for Bir mingham, where our next match will take place againat twenty-two of the' district. Scores:— Austrauak Eleven. First Iniiinea. Second Inningn. A. Bannerman, c Uadow, b Henderson ' ? & o Scott, b Hadow.. 8 O. Baimermaa, c Hen derson, b H.dow ? 8 b Hondorson .... 23 Horan, c A. Lyttelton, b c Silmon, b Hen Uadow ? 1 dcrson ? 2 GroRory, o B. Lyttelton, c Kobertaon.bHen b Henderson ? 42 dursun ? 42 Garrott, bilobertaon.... 19 c Studd, bliondor- : , son ? Si Spofforth, b Itobortson.. ,6 c Salmon, b Hen dorson ? 50 Murdoch, c Hadow, b Henderson ? 0 bScott ? 18 Bailey, o Hadow, b Hen derson ? 39 bRobcrlsou ? 32 Blackbam, not out ? 20 not out ? 21 Boylo, run out ? 6 bHobertBon...... 0 Allan, b Robertson .... 15 b Roberts jn ? 0 Sundries ? 0 Sundrioa ? 1-1 Total ....„ ? 105 Total ? 240 Bowmko Anambis.— First innlntts : Hondorson, 102 ball*, 20 madens, GO runa, 4 wieketa ; Hadow, 140 ballt, 14 maidens, 47 runs, 2 wicketi ; Robertson, 83 balls, 10 maidens. 81 run). 8 wickots : Walkor. 28 balls. 1 maiden, 18 runs; Scott, 20 balls, 3 maidens. 3 runs. Beoond Innings : Hondorson, 208 bulls, 18 maidens, 06 ruus, 6 wlcketn ; HatiOA-, 163 balls, 10 maldons, 60 runs, 1 wleket;. RobertBon, 81 balls. 0 mMdons, 85 runs, 3 wicket*,- K. Lyttelton, 24 ballH, 2 malneim, 0 runs; I. V. Walkor.. 82 balls, 2 niildens, 14 runs; Scott, 32 balls, 3 maidens, 15 runs, 1 wlclcet ; A. J. Webbo, 21 bills, 2 jnaliions, 4 runs. MlDDLBSBX, ' Flrat Innings. Second Innings. A. J. Webbo, b Allan .... 50 bAllan ? 0 I. O. Walkor, c C. Banner- , man, D Oarrott ? 24 b Boylo ? 23 Hadow, b Oarrctt ? 2 bAllan ? o A. Lyttelton, b Garrett., Z& c BUckbmn, b Gar- reVt ? 8 G. Lyttolten, b Allan.... 4 c Gregory b AlHn 113 H. H. Webbo, bGarrott.. 0 bAllun ? 17 Scott, st. Blacklutn, b Qar rett ? , ? 2 o Murdoch, b Oar rett ? 8 Studd, b Allan ? 2 bAllan ? 7 .Henderson, b Gnrrett .... 6 b Garrett ........ 7 Salmon, b Gamut ...... O not out ? 5 UobertHon, not out ? S bAllan .......... \ Sundries ? O Sundries ? 3 Total ? 122 Total ? 'l85 Bowlixq Analysis.— Firat Innlnes : Spoffortb, 83 b»lls, 13 maldona, 29 runs : Boyle, SO balls, 17 maidens, 16 runa; Allan, 9tJ balls, 12 maldons, 27 runs, 3 wickets ; Garrott, 120 balls, 15 inaldon*, 83 runs, 7 wicketn; Balloy, 4 balls, 6 runs. Second Inniuics: Allan, 167 balls, 10 maidens, 76 run«, 6 wickets, 1 wide; Garrott, 110 balls, 14 maidens, U runs, 3 wickets; Spofforth, 60 balls, 3 maidens, 81 runs; Boyle, 21 balls, 15 runs, 1 wicket ; Uoran, 12 balls, 13 runs. 