Music and tlie Drama. . 'X'he facts not otnerwise, , r. Than here set down. . BIIERIDAN KNOWLES. "VICTORIA THEATRE.-Mr. Creswick . has surpassed all his previous successes in Sydney by his masterly rendering of the. most profound of all dramatic characters. On Saturday; evening and during the week he fully justified the laudatory remarks of the English and Melbourne Press with respect to this character. Noone whohas seen the many Hamlets of the present day can hesitate to place Mr. Creswick in the. same category as Irving, Salvini, and Rossi. "Comparisons," Shakesperè tells us, "are odious,"' and we shall not indulge in them; but we may say¡ that each of these' four great actors presents a view pf ; the Danish Prince which is the result of matured study, and the very . diversity. of their renderings proves the depths; of- Shakespere's conception, for the most profound .students have not exhausted the intellectual meaning and, the dramatic force of this character. Perhaps of all these renderings Mr. Creswick's is the most pleasing, though by no means the most subtle.. He. is marvellously successful in securing the intense sympathy of the audience at the . commencement of . the ?? '. play. . In the short soliloquy on his mother's weakness, ; before . he has heard . from; the Ghost, of . his father's "most foul and most unnatural murder" he displays tenderness, grief, and anger, with'such power that the audience is at once initiated into some idea of Hamlet's inner nature. His interview with the Ghost, with its horrible revelation, is marked by strong, but subdued passion. He clearly indicates his intention to feign madness to his companions on the battlements of the castle, and throughout the piece this rendering of the madness is carried through, as . any careful reader of Shakespere must agree it should be ; but, perhaps, it is not sufficiently recognised how completely he is greatly distracted by tho conflicting emotions of his own breast with regard to his love of Ophelia, and his duty to revenge his father. ..The , humour of Hamlet in his replies to Polonius is most vividly elucidated, and1 forms the relief action of the' play, that is so characteristic of Shakespere; to the tragic. " Hamlet " is a play full of finer soliloquies than ara to be found in any other drama, and the character of the Prince is more fully delineated in them than in any of the dialogues. Soliloquies, it is - well known, are the greatest trial of ari actor's ability. In . ,the one when the playera "have left him, and - he ' commences "Oh,- what a rogue 'and peasant slave am I,"' Mr;' '.Ores*.y wick is completely: successful.- fri, the mora celebrated "To ;be or- not to be"soliloquy, rthe sur- .'.' roundings are open to objection. Ophelia is kneeling ">?' before the altar in.thô king's private oratory,1 and ' -' Hamlet stands close to her, with his'back to her/and' ' soliloquises for the benefit of the audience.: "We sup*- ? ?. pose that this arrangement is suggested-by PolómúsV words, " We are oft to blame in'this, that with:'' devotions, visage and pious action we do sugar o'er thedevil himself," and Hamlet's utterance, on.catch ing sight of Ophelia, "Nymph, in thy orisons be all my sins remembered. " But Polonius's flrst words are ' not at all in keeping with this view : " Ophelia, walk. ! you here. Read on this book, that show of such an; ! exercise may colour your loveliness." The book may; j well have been a devotional one, for such was'tha' most common reading for young ladies in the days when sensational novels were not, and this might suggest Polonius's reflection on " devotion's visage." Hamlet's remark is merely the. utterance of feigned madness. The effect of his soliloquy is far finer, when delivered either in walk ing up to where he meets Ophelia, or from a reclining posture where he has thrown himself for a moment's reflection. Mr. Creswick displays a ques tionable amount of violence in the subsequent scene with Ophelia, but the passionate tenderness of its conclusion is one of the finest parts of the play. The play scene can scarcely be considered completely suc cessful, as Hamlet's hostility to the King becomes too ?rominent-the agitation of the latter is full manifest, n the scene in his' mother's bedroom, where he lays his: heart bare before her, there is much that is very telling and truly affecting, and ought to convey the highest of moral lessons to any reflecting .spectator. After Hamlet's return from his voyage, and the fatal denouement draws .near, his real distraction and his feigned madness alike are subdued. His heart is riven, but he has the strength left in the closing moments of his life-to execute the vengeance which is but Heaven's justicé on the King, after that villains schemes have resulted in the murder of the I Queen for whom had given his soul, and I of Xiaortes, whom he employed as his tod. I In the -final scene Mr. Creswick worthily j maintains his high conception of Hamlet's character. f To dofull justicetotheplayof "Hamlefwouldrequire all the parts to be taken by actors and actresses of Mr. Creswick's powers, for each is a powerful typo of humanity. In almost all performances of this play tho King is somewhat stiff, and Mr. Seagrave has not escaped this fault. Mr. Douglas throws considerable life into his Laertes, but he retains the stilted style or expression which is his weakness. Mr. Jones,- as Pol onius, and Mr. Bland Holt, as tho grave- digger, «re in their natural element, and are not tempted by 1 their comic power to overdo their parts. Horatio is |j a character which can be developed by a fi'8*'10'? \ actor, but Mr. Metcalfe, although very careful, ana i fairly successful, does not bring out th at quiet fowo H of character which makes Horatio's ascent to tue r vacant throne the fitting conclusion of the dramajas ¡ written by Shakespere. Mr. Bartlett, as the nret [ actor, might well indulge in^ a little more ^ passion. He has a positive aversion to rant, ana u . makes less use of it than any of our local artists ; out, f talcing tho part of a strolling player, he might indulge in strong declamation in spite of Hamlet's instruction not to tear passion to tatters. His conception ot xw actor displaying real emotion in a quiet manner u very good one, but demands a greater amou"'5 f delicatefaoial expression than he can 0°?T*;"; Miss Ashton is a very beautiful and. charmWB Ophelia. From her expression we should juago T¡» she throws horaelf into this part with more interj than any of those which have preceded. «ue not conceive it necessary to rave in order to show her madness; for, in truth, the lunacy of Ophelia is more pleasing than most people'^, sanity. She mieht easily succeed in drawing more applause from the Celestials, but she would thereby lose the aDoreciation of the more worthy lovers of dramatic art Miss Emma Austin, as Queen, is careful in her acting, but seems scarcely at her ease. It would ha well if the King and Queen displayed by look and gesture, the understanding between them, which would arise from the knowledge of their guilty secret, and from their participation in a common crime. It is needless to say that Mr. Creswick as Hamlet has received the enthusiastic applause of crowded houses. The play is so long that people are rather eager to get away, but it would be better did they remain in their places one moment longer to give a vigorous testimony to their appreciation of the action in its completion; rather than indulge in ap plause in the middle of some of the scenes. THEATRE ROYAL.-Throughout the past week the " Princess of Trebizonde," a well- known opera bouffe composed by Offenbach, ; has been played to moderate houses. Mr. Harvvood's lively acting has been much admired, and Miss Thompson's songs have been usually encored. .Miss Stella, although very attrac tive and amusing as the Prince, has not added materially to her reputation by this piece. Mr. Bracy and Miss Melville have been much commended for their spirited acting ; but the piece has not been quite as great a success as was generally expected. The music is very good, and the songs,- especially those of Miss Thompson, have" been thoroughly .appreciated, but the . plot and the libretto have been considered not quite up to the mark. On Thursday night Miss Thompson and Mr. Bracy took their farewell benefit. In addition to the UBual . programme, a portion of Balfe's "Bohemian Girl" was played. A complimentary benefit to Miss Stella has been arranged for Friday night. The programme consists of the "Princess of Trebizonde,".and :the third act of " Madame Angot." Miss Stella takes Madame Lange, and Miss Thompson is ' Clairette. Miss Stella is leaving by the Whampoa,.for; London, where an engagement at the Alhambra is awaiting her.' She has been such a deservedly'popular favourite with the Sydney public that her departure is universally regretted. -_ ¡QUEEN'S THEATRE.-The Kelly and Leon troupe continue to have a most, complete. success, and crowded houses each night reward their efforts to amuse. While the serious-minded people are eagerly observing Mr. Creswick's tragic action, the more frivolous portion of the community are laughing at Japanese Tommy or at Leon's amusing impersona tions. -The first part of the programme consists of songs, interspersed with American jokes and wit ticisms. The songs of Messrs. Bead and Fredericks have been especial favourites. The second part con sists of a laughable farce, in which Tommy, who is only three feet in height, performs many tricks as a monkey. Mr. Courtright, who is most successful in nigger comedy, amuses the audience for a few minutes with " The Woodsawyer," ending with a fero cious attempt to burst a powerful drum; Inthe concluding piece. Offenbach's well known ^opera bouffe, " Mons. Choufleuri,'' a . great hit has been made. Mr. Leon takes the part of Ernestine, and admirably, mimics the airs and mannerisms of well-known operatic singers. His make-up is first-rate, and might well impose upon a stranger who did not notice the play-bills. The fol lowing is an outline bf the argument:-"Mons. Choufleuri, à merchant, to celebrate his retirement from business, and his only.daughter's: return jfrom school, resolves to give a grand musical soiree, invit ing all his friends, great and small. By persuasion of^ Ernestine, and also to give eclat to the enter tainment, he sends invitations to the three greatest singers of the day, Sontag, Rubini, and Tamburini. At the last moment, however, the great singers decline to attend, and the comedy of the. piece rests upon the substitution of Ernestine, Babylas, and Choufleuri, for the renowned profes sionals. Mr. Kelly is Choufleuri : Mr. Surridge is the . Countess Balanard, ajvisitor; Mr. Fredericks is the Baron, a cynic ; Tommy is the Japanese Princess ; Mr. Lester is Babylass, the lover ; and Mr. Court- . right appears as the comic negro servant. - Each of these gentlemen is so well up to his parts that it would be invidious to single out anyone for special praise. Choufleuri and his daughter are thé principal characters, and in these impersonations Kelly and Leon "fully maintain the high reputation they have acquired in the United States. ?SCHOOL OF ARTS.-Rainer's Diorama continues to draw orowds, partly by its own inherent, merits and the good explanations given by the lecturer of all. the events of the American civil war, from the bombard ment) of Fort Sumter to the defence of Richmond, and partly also on account of the handsome gifts dis tributed. These have been thoroughly good, and many people haye gone away delighted with a new dress, a clock, or some other useful article. Mrs. Seott-Siddons has been most successful a* Launceston and Hobart Town. At Launceston she, said :- ' If audiences only understood how encourag ing a little enthusiasm on their part was to the artiste, theywould not stint their applause." . > . . The Italian Opera Troupe, have been very suc cessful in Kew Zealand. "Faust" was produced on the, 7thrtb a grand house. Signora Guadagnini, Signor Gesari, and Signor Gambetti, had a splendid reception. 