'A, ROYIL .IARRIAGE .CRED . S i MONY. ' In our last, wegave a description of the funeral obsequies of Pope Piius IX. niiaccouiint 'of the marriage' of the King of Spain to his'cousin, the Princess Mercedes, may be taken as a companiion picturei in :the many-changing gallery of human life. There .were but a few diys', interval between the two events. The' Royal Marriage took placer on Janh. '23rd, in -the Atocha Church at Madrid, whlich is described as a small edifice, -of no marked character. ,A grand , assemblage filled .the Church. About noon. (says the correspondent of the Timnes) the, young King enters with a firmiand agile step. It'is three yeari? since'I have seien him, ahd lie is a good deal' ltered ; he is taller, his slidulders are .roader, he looks frank and reso lite, and, his well-formed ;head: is not cast into:the.shade by.the splendour of his liniform. .. Short Ibrown whiskers anid adfirie coquettish i moustache, give iini 'in:s air of. manly youth, which strikes ieverybody. His hair is brown, rich,'and glossy. On reisching his seat he turns towards the spectators with a frank and natural smile; greets one with a' nod,; another with the hand, addresses uifewivords to'the Ladies of Honour plicca Ibehind him, and exhibits a joy fil 'and happy, expression, which lights up liisg open face. .,One may. be. sure that-at this moment ideas of. devotion prevailin every heart. It is.one of the rareemoments in wKing's life quite free from'shadow. Preseitly the orgian soduids,; th King quickly tirns towards the portal, and the Grandees' of' the Kingdom v?ho hsve -folilowed in his train'range thomselves on; both sides to maki room' for the passage of the young Queen's' procession. Princess Mercedes, rather pale, and her fine, dark eyes slightly moistened by emotion, slowly advances on the arm of the Princess of the Asturias, who takes the place ;of Queen Christina, who is unwell. She is dressed in white satin, the mantle beiing also white and richly embroidered. Her white mantilla is fastened by ai diamond brooch ; a light crown of dia mionds is on her brow. Her figure is rather. stout set, but full of grace, her pale face contrasting with lips of charm ing redness. She bends before the altar and casts down her eyes before the lov ing smile of the King. The Patriarch of the Indies, the Cardinal Archbishop of: Benarides, his white ' ornaments embroidered with gold, the crosier in his hand, the silver mitre on his head, who has been to meet the King at the door of the church, stands at the foot of the altar, surrounded by his clergy. The King is placed at his side. Princess Mercedes and the Princess of the Asturias have joined them. The mem bers of the family are arranged in order on the red fauteuils along the platforms. Everybody stands, the Patriarch read ing in a clear and firm voice from a red book with gilt clasps and the Royal Arms the words customary at marriages of the Spanish Kings. A friend has enabled me to give its cha-acteristic text, which I transmit to you : "Senior Den ..Alfonso of, Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, you having deter SI mined to marry your august first cousin, 1 the most serene Senora Dona Maria de las f 4fercedeo' of Orleans and lBourbhn, In falnta of Spain, for which marriage his holiness granted a -dispensation of the imnpediment of relationship in the second degree of consanguinity and others, it still remains to be known whether you are aware of any other obstacle which f prevents you from contracting this mrri o age ; whether you have any other spiritual relationship with the said most serene Senora Infanta of Spain, whether you have given your word tooany other lady, l whether you have made a vow of chastity or religion, or there is any natural impedi ment in the way of the vadility of this marriage, and finally whether' you con tract, it of your own spontaneous:and 'free will. Declare it on the faith of your royal word." The Patriarch giving the ring to one of his coadjutors addresses 'both the King and'Princess Mercedes and calls upon them in pretty., much., tlhe same terms to declare whether there is any impedieiant to the' marriage Then, turning. to the. Princess Mercedes, he says, . . " Most serene Senora IDna':Maria de lais Mercedes of Orleans and Bou'rbon, In fants of' Spain, will yoou have :for your lawful spouse and husband; as the holy Catholic and Apostolic Church directs, Doun.'Alfonso- XII.,: Catholic' King of Spaind?" Answer, '" I' will." "'Do' you agree to be the spouse 'and'wife of Senor Don 'Alfonso'"XII. of Boutrbonti Catholic King'of Spain?" :Ansswer, "'I'conoent.' "Do you"nreceive the' saiid' Senort Don Alfonso XII. of 'Bourtbdn CathdliscKing of Spain, fore your spouse and husband'?' Answer,"'"I do." "', At this nmoment, the Priicess,of, the Asturias bonds': towards the e..young Queen. and, says a fow..wordsi to hter. Theotwo Princesses descend from :the altar. towards the 'Duke and Ditchess 'de Montpensier.' The 'bride betids be fore the Duke to kiss' his harid. IThe Duke. prevents her and kisses liar on the forehead. The same happens With the Duchess. This is the public; sign of paternal consent, the indication that the:Princess has become Queen' and must 'no' longer kiss the' hand. . The two Princesses return to the' altar. Tihe Patriarch resumes i. .- , ",! Senor Don Alfonso XII. of,Bourbon, Catholic King of. Spain, will you take the. most, serene, Senora Dona Maria de, lan Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, In fanta of, Spain, for your spouse andslawfil wife, as the Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church directs '" Answer, " I will." 'f Do you.agree to be the spouse and hus band..of the most. serene. Senora Dons Maria de las, Mercedes of. Orleans and and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain ?" Answer, "I do." " Do you receive for your spouse and- wife the most serene Senora Dona Mariaide: las :Mercedes of Orleans 'and Bourbon,;Infanta of Spain P' Answer, " I do." "And I, on behalf of the Almighty Gpd and the blessed Apostles Saint. Peter and Saint.Paul, and Holy Mother Church, .marry you;tSenor Don Alfonso XIL of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, and you, i the most serene Sennra Maria de laseMer cedes of Orleans and Bourbon, and this Sacrament of Marriage I confirm in.,the name.of the Father, the Son, and,the Holy( Ghost. Amen." , The King and Queen, pre?oedediby the Duke of Sesto, the Grand''Master of "thePaice, in full unifori;thie graii'd cordon and.gold collateon his neck, now take their seats on the iThirone dandi the Mass:commences. The musio is,sweet and resonant. Towards:the:l close :the King and Quaen-rise as well as all fire sent and the Patriarich addresess thesi the following ;ordds i " ' Now,; that your hMaijetics have re ceived ,the - benediction;.accurding.,to the custom of, the ChurchI adimoisli you to b'e loyal to one another; in tinie of prayer, and especially of fasts, and, festivities,'to oliser.e chastity. Iadidmonish.yoi to love eaich other as usband 'niid.wife, to remain in th?'fear. of,God. Amen.: I give your Majesty a co.enpanion'and: not a slave. Lore her astChrist lovies his Church." :I was careful to get near a side door before the end of the ceremony and leave thel chircli a' few minutes before he::procession, as , had not seen it entering. 'The aspect of the,city .hai entirely changed. On the barren slopes of the Atocha Pasco from top to bottom, of the hill, on projecting rocks,' on the roof of tlhe Observatory,' on trees: win dosrs, balconies, and:'housetopsoih' the tops .of. towers-wherevor', indeed a human foot can. keep :its.:hBold-are masses,ofpeople, in bluck,;red,yellow, white, or blue. : Bells are pealing;, can-. non :thundering; bands playing.' The air 'is'tfull' of' sounid, 'and 'amid 'this universaid" apture .bbgiis the utiique priocesioni which Spain alnone can offr' -the: Spain of pomp, sunshine ?iand colour. ,The TimbalBros,. their, logs hbe hind the,two large druma which hang oneach aside of the horse, precede the escort, at the head of which are 12 horsemen, followed by 22 "Cab?llos de Respeto"e-that is, horses witlibt it?lei't, bearing the Moorish- Spanishl ti'appitgs, green, yellow, white, iblue, or: black, of untold value, frisking like .animals not to be degraded.by master's spur. 'These ae followed by an escort of Cavalry,' and then come the gala equipages--first, two-horse carriages;i leading up "froni splendour to'eplendour .to the King's. To depict such a scene 'no pen can suflice, and the ardent canvas of tlhe Spanishl School would scarcely have succeeded. The brilliant gilded liveries of the 'Court are ppaled 'beside the colours of thoGyrandees of Spain. Roero you have a grOen and gold livery spark ling with .riches,. with immense greon and whit~e plumes waving. over the horses' heads, harness covered withl gold and silver, footmen marching gravely beside the carriages, which are almost hidden' beneath their gold and silver decorations, others being sky blue, red, white, and yellow. Thirty carriages thus .pass, .includiig the " Cocho de Respeto"-an empty vehicle of great splendour, drawn by eight magnificent horses, surrounded by 20 grooms, whichl precedes the King's car: ringe. The latter is drawn by eight white horses, surmounted by the Royal Crown, and contains the young Royal couple. The balconies and windows remain silent; but'the dense crowd in the street cbonnet resist the sight of so much youth' and grace, and hats are raised, lips. gro opaened, and through the roar of tho distant masses are liedl at lnst from 'nll sides, " Vive el Rey'!" " i'iv la Reina !" and a happy trium Sphant smile escapes the Kiiig. 