A.JX Autumn Meeting. SECOND (CUP) DAY. (By Electric Telegraph:— From Our Own Correspondent) SYDNEY, This Day. The splendid racing for tho two prin cipal events on tho first day of the Autumn Meeting of the Australian Jockey Club has intensified the interest in tho Sydney Gold Oup and other eventB to be run on tho romalning days of tho meeting. The olub this year lias been particularly fortu nate so fnr in the matter of wonther, for Saturday wbb n glorious day, nnd to-day is hardly less splendid. In addition to this there is n very large gathering of holiday makers nt present in Sydney, and thin fact( added to the great interest felt in tho Oup, is likely to conduce to one of the largest assemblages on the Bandwick courso over yet witnessed. Already thoro is a great exoduB from the city in the direction of the course, and everything gives promise of one of tho most brilliant day's racing ever achieved under tho auspices of the A.J.O, The lamented illness of his Excellency's oldest son, nnd the absence of Lady and MisB Robinson from tbe colony in attendance at the young sufferer's sick bed, have bad a somewhat de pressing effect on the moro immediate frieDds of the vice-regal family, and in faot with the whole of tho public of New South Wales, with whom his Kxcellonoy is nmnz- iDgly popular, and this feeling has to some extent been observable among the sup porters of the turf, a pastime of which Sir Hercules Babinson is such an admired patron. Had it not been for tho cheering uewe received ns to the progress of the patient, this illness would no doubt have bad its effeot npon those present at the Oup meeting; for they conid not have failed to be nffacted by the afllction of the most prominent member of the turf. As it was, his Excellency wbb able to be present himself, but the absence of tho ladies of his family was much regretted, more especially considering the cause of their absence ; still there waB an ' excellent attendance of ladies on the lawn and in the stand, and even oarly in the day the course presents a very satisfactory appearance, and there is every premise of a most successful and enjoyable day's sport. On the strength of his Leger victory, Cap-a-pie iB vory firm for tho Oup, and no one can bo found hardy enough to offer more than 2 to 1 agaioBt the viotor of Ghoster, the great New South Wales champion of the year. Next to him the hexses most fancied are Maccaroni and Cru sader, the former ou account of the form he displayed in the Autumn Stakes on Saturday, nnd the latter on the strength of his Doncas- ter Handicap running. They bnvo both very many friends at hnndreds to sixteen. There is not much wagering about any of tbo others, but several of them are backed, the prices ranging from 100 to 12 to 100 to S. The following are the results up to 2 p.m. : — MAIDEN STAKES. FENR1TH 1 BOSEBEURY 2 MHLITA 3 Molita went to the front at tbe stnrt, and led past tho stand; with Glonoairn and l'enrith close up, At the back of the course enrith had gone to the premier position, nnd from that out there wns a fino race, Penrith finally winning by four lengths. Glencairn was fourth and Auckland fifth.- Time— 3min. 15sec. 