litte tl«S flMoturailc, (BY "NUTCRACKER") — — Be-usfc and fear nofc : Let nil the ends tbou aimlsb ati be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's. . ' ' —Shakespeare. Tiie Bridge question at Arniidale appears to- have put the railway completely into the shade.. Before this vexed question arose the cry- was- " Who is Nutcracker ?" Now Mr. Trim, who has up to the present oeen content io row nis trim-built wherry across tiie bounding billows of the broad Atlantic in front of his castle, has- ' taken it into his head to imagine to himself the possibility of standing on the bridge at midnight, and in the pauses of his song puts forth the ab surd query, " Who is John Moore ?" He might just as well ask the Hiberians who. was Tom Moore, or the Scots who was Bobby Burns ?' They were just -as well known and popular as; either" Nutcracker " or John Moore. I think: both as regards railways and bridges Mr. Jolim Moore's name: wilMong be known and rev-eredl by the Armidaleans. To those whose prejudices; would lead them to think otherwise, I would say- with the bard of Avon ' -Down on yoiir knees And thank Heaven, fasting, for a good man s love., I suppose the next question will be " Who waB Shakespeare?" The races, as usual, were accompanied by any amount of rain. ! In dry seasons, as the Mayor does not believe in prayer for rain, perhaps: it '.would be as well to- announce a day B: racing, which," judging by what has happened in the past, will bring about the desired blessing much more readily. .The inhabitants are not as a rule superstitions, though ; they are firm believers in spirits, and an opinion is gaining ground that: 'somebody has killed a Chinaman, hence the fa tality which attends our, race meetings. Be that as it may, it appears to say the least, somewhat singular that there should..' always be a rumpus; on the race course- between the clerk of the weather and the clerk of the course, the latter of whom finds it a difficult matter ; to keep the course clear of all tiie cats : arid , dogs which are rained down on. his rdevoted black tile.; The Ladies' Mile fell through— no wonder. The dear creatures who are asked to run a mile should be placed on a pii(r) with the male runners, botli aa to distance and amount of prize. I am glad to record the fact that the Barber's Pole from Poole's establishment won the Sdpling Sweeps. What can sweeps want on a. race course? I saw no chimneys ; stay though, perhaps there were some black swindlers. Ah, I see now. I heard of a black-fellow who : asked if lie should sell something. In another.event there were some dead beats. I thought - the weather was dead cold, but I suppose the horses must have been warm. Fitzpatrick.won the race. As Premier I have no doubt, lie. will - keep the lead for an other season. The Lightning stakes are said to- have lightened some pockets. No doubt peoplo were in hopes that Kel Pie would win, but the- proof of the pudding is in the. eating. Any how it was not worth being cross about. De Cameron & Boccacio'(l mean' Bendigo) took the golden re presentatives of Queen Victoria, of course, I cannot make out why the foot, race men had to scratcli themselves. I thought that part of the- business was left to the -fair sex. Just fancy Armidale winning £40 of Gleii limes money. I fear it will' cause granhy to go to the expense of a new boiniet.at Richarclsdn and Salmon's. The watches in the Mnidenr.Pl.ate being somewhat fast were put to rights by Regulator, which caused, people- engaged .ii> ..the manufacture of books to give 'vivas of applause, showing that thosethafc run.inay read (Reid.) Hamlet thought he 8a w his father's ghost, and hooked-it off the- track, and Grab clutched the prize. The third day the race between mud and rain was enough to damp the spirits of any but lovers of heavy wet, so I stopped at home aud backed the rain,, which won. . Blow, biow, thou wintry wind, Thou ar't not so unkind . ' . As man's ingratitude. On the run of - a certain Mr. Woolshed, not many iniles reinaved from this town, resides » gentleman who has been engaged in- carrying oi> extensive dairy operations, assisted to this end by Mr. .Woolshed before named, who allowed him the use of several cows for the purpose mentioned. Mr. Creamdish, wliois the dairyman referred to, having for some years enjoyed the milk of human kindness displayed by Woolshed,. as well as the rich butter and cheese derived from the cows, new finds that the supply of milk from his cud- chewing acquaintances has sud denly stopped ; in fact from the drought and' other causes they have "dried up. "" One would' have thought that for-" auldlangsyne " the dear- old ladies would now be pensioned off on a por tion of the rich land which lias fallen to Cream- dished lot. Put-, alas for ffiuman natur,' a mes sage is sent 'to Woolshed1 that unless the cows are at once removed they will bo impounded- This is a fact, and J should! think -there must be- some strong relationship. between. Creamdish and the animal which is regarded" hy the Jew® as unclean.. '" Cast not your-pearls before- Swine,, lest they turn again and rend" you J . Would it not be advisable to follow- the- ex-- ample of our Sydney brethren- and' open: the- reading room on Sundays ? Surely it lias as much right to be open .as the public houses and perliapis' more so. "What will' Mrs-Grundy say ?7' Bother Mrs. Grundy ! Better far that our young men should have an opportunity of studying instead of having to pass the time away pouring double distilled damnation, down their throats in- the bar parlor, or running over helpless infants in .their futile attempts to steer Ahorse. By the- f way, I would suggest that the shorter catechism and- the; Thirty-nine articles should be added to- the Library. They would be interesting- Sunday < reading, and by tfieir aid a short cut to salvation may be.found, ; So it hath been, rumoured. -Whilst on tho subject . of the. reading room,-r think it would bp the correct thing for one or other- of our taletited Dramatic Clubs to give a performance- in aid" of the funds of that useful institution. The expenses at present are very great — firewood, lighting, &c.;, and the snbscrip- tiont of the members are insufficient to cover them. I am sure the mannerin which the room is kept by the painstaking Secretary is a credit 'to the town, and the admiration of Btrangers. It would , therefore be a great pity if want of pubho support and recognition should oause the pr0 pioters to close it up. 