PUBLICA7IONS REC~EIVED. 'The December number of Castner's Rural Australian contains an unusual quantity of valuable matter, of interest to farmers and horticulturists, including in struction in the management of kitchen, fruit, and flower gardens, &c.; It has a leading article, too, in which it puts in a plea for relieving agriculturists of the im posts placed on farming industry by a protectionist policy. "WVhy should we (asks tile editor) tax ourselves 20 or 25 per cent. on three-fourths of our require. meats, simply to encourage the tanu factures of the other fourth ?" The far mers of New South Wales are tile persons to whom this question is immediately ad dressed; but may it not with greater force be put to the farmers of Victoria? The Victorian Year Book for 1877-8 is a marvel of patient research and exacti tude, showing Mr Hayter's heart to be in his work. It is a valuable compendium of knowledge for all classes, and an atten tive study of its facts and figures would render the speeches of some politicians we know fiar more attractive than they are. The information tile Year Book contains 1 is almost cosmopolitan, but a clear and comprehensive idea may be gained front it of our commercial, moral, and intellectual progress since the foundation of the colony, and the statistics of production are worthy of constant reference in an epoch of haphazard statements and fore gone conclusions. It is to be hoped that the reliable character of tile book will not be impaired by the recent breach of faith by the Government towards an appellant in the Land Tax Court. The following comparative data regarding N.S.W. and her youngest rival, is interesting :-The population of N.S.Y. in 1875 was 606,652; in 1876, 629,776, showing an increase of 23,124. In Victoria thie population was in 1875, 828,282; in 1876, 840,300, sbowiung an increase of 17,028. In 1877 the popu lation of Victoria rrose to 860,787, but the returns from New South Wales for the corresponding period have nrot been re ceived, so there is no means of comparing the later results. The sister colony has in the year under comparison surpassed Victoria in expansion of population. In 1876, the number of reported offences in New South Wales, for which persons were summarily convicted or rheld to bail was 30,404 against 27,505 in Victoria. Under all the heads of apprehensions, committals, and convictions New South W\Vales, with a smaller population, was largely in excess of Victoria. and convicted nearly as ninny persons as the whole of the Australian Colonies. Several new tables relating to the British dominions and foreign coun tries throughout the.world appear in the year book for the first time. Of the population of tile world 1439 millions, China has 425 millions; the British do minions come next with 236 millions, of which British India has 190 millions; Russia has 74 millions in Europe, 12 mil lions in Asia, which taken conjointly do not make half of the inhabitants in Bri tish rndia. The country which is smallest in the list for public indebtedness is Japan, which has borrowed a little over 8} mil lions, but as it has recently been taking lessons in western civilization, it may by sending its youths to France acquire through their education extended know ledge about finance, this latter country heing at the Ihead o all the nations for indebtedness, the amount being 937 millions. The many tables in the Year Book are valuable for reference and for the comparison that may be instituted be twcen Victoria and other parts of the world. In a sermon on "' 'The Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritualism," which has been twice preached and is now published by request, the lRev. William P. Pearce. M.A., endeavours to weaken the case for the Spiritualists by suggesting that there really was no apparition of Samuel, but that, like the air-drawn dagger of Mac beth, it was a creation of Saul's " heat oppressed brnio,"-that Saul went to the witch in expectation of a certain event, and that in " perceiving" the ghost of the prophet, his " eyes were made the fools of his other senses." The preacher thinks that " fear [of Saul] led tile witch to invent tile appearance of the ghost," and that the prophecy of Saul's doom put in tile mouth of tile spirit of Samuel was " intuitively presented to Soul's mind, without a visitation front the other world at all." This will not be satisflactory either to Spiritualists or to orthodox be lievers in scriptural literaility. Equally objectionable to readers of Shnkspeare will he tile comparison between Saul and Mracbeth in their respective witch inter views. Mlacbeth certainly was not under the inllueneo of terror when he conjured the " secret, Iblack and midnight hugs," to answer his questionsa. Nor, when asked if he would see the witches' misters, did \- e any, " Call 'err ; let toe see 'erm." That is the form in which the printer of the serman has preserved Mlachett's language, I but it does not tollow the original, nor, swe think, the Rev. W. . P. Pearce's manuu r script. 'Trinculo sings, "Flout 'erm, and skout 'emr ; and skout 'cut and flout 'erm;" but Macbeth never so clips the King's English. No. 5 of the Geological Survey of Victoria, Progress Report, is largely cou. tributed to by Mr Reginald A. F. Mur ray, and Mr A. W.Howitt, F.G.S. About 1210 square miles of conntry have been examined and geologically surveyed, with more or less topographical detail, during the year, and the progress made hrs been generally satisfactory. Referring to the characteristics of the vein stone in the Long Tunnel mine, Mr Murray says that the presence of arsenical pyrites in the associated dyke is regarded as an unfailing indication of the proximity of good quartz in the lodes. Excellent illustrations are given of the lodes on various lines of reefs at Walhalla. MIr Murray offers sugges tions fur the future prospecting of the country, and mentions, as sites presenting favourable indications for prospecting operations, the country lying between the Donnelly's Creek reefs and the Boy Reef, the Walhalla belt of reefs, the country on the full from the Mount Useful range to the Macalister river, and the head of Cooper's Creek. An exhaustive and inte resting account of explorations on the blsaltic plateaux known as the Bogong and Dargo High Plains, is?given. Mount Bogong is the highest in Victoria, being 6508 feet above sea level. The climate of this elevated region contrasts markedly with that of the rest of Victoria, and the scenery is described as something magni ficent. Mr Howitt furnishes a valuable contribution, in a series of carefully pre pared notes, in continuation of a paper on the Devonian rocks of North Gippaland, and the lead mines of Buchan. Checkmated, a novel. By Mrs T. P. Hill. W. H. Williams, Melbourne. Who was checkmated among the legion of cha racters introduced, is not very clear, but the book seems to have been written for the feminine purpose of sticking pins and needles into a certain Dr. de la Morte, who may be readily identified by the light of recent events as a well- known Mel bourne physician. Whether the authoress has accomplished her vendetta is best known to herself. De la Morte, on the other hand, has abundant reason for rejoicing that "his enemy has written a book," for the hysterical and unpractical views of daily life which Mrs Hill has imbibed do not entitle her fiction to rank even with the never-ending serials of the London Journal. Her acquaintance with colonial topography is startling, especially in the part where she sketches the aspect of the Bendigo diggers' camp from the summit of Mount Alexander. Her con tribution will got annihilate the peccant doctor, nor, to adopt the old colloquialism, set the Yarra on fire. 'T'he ABC Railway and Road Guide for December.-Replete as usual with inu formation of value to travellers and busi ness men throughout the Australian colo nies and New Zealand. 