CURRENT- LITERATURE. Colonel Malleson has made the subject of the doings of the French in India peculiarly his own. Ten years back he collected into a goodly volume a series of papers which he had contributed to the CalcutlaJieview, presenting a connected narrative of events from the founding of Pondicherry in 1674, to the capture of that place in 1701. He has now supplemented that work by an account of the Final French ? Struggles in India and on the Indian Seas (published by W. H. Allen and Co., London), together with some particulars of the expedition from India to Egypt, in 1891. He speaks of it as " a suppressed chapter of Anglo-Indian history," and explains why it was so. It appears that had it not been for the opportune occurrence of peace with France, the. south of India would have been lost to the British nation. The army at Cuddalore would have been annihilated, Madras would have been besieged, and its defence against the combined forces of Tippoo and the French would have been hopeless. These are unpleasant facts, but they cannot be omitted from the record with any due regard to the truth and impartiality of history, and Colonel Mal- lesson has honestly placed them there Another important fact is brought out, most opportunely at this juncture, and that is that England acted very wisely in giving in her adhesion to those stipulations of the treaty of Paris which abolished priva- teeming. It was censured at the time on the ground that this would place her at a considerable disadvantage as compared with other maritime powers. But Colonel Malleson shows that between 1796 and 1797, whilst the French privateers captured 2.206 English merchantmen, the English captures from her rival amounted only to 375 ! "And this mainly happened," the Colonel goes on to remark, " after Lord Howe's victory had annihilated the French navy, when England was the undisputed mistress of the seas. Is it possible to question the evidence offered by these figures, that the nation which carries the largest amount of the commerce of the world must always be the chief sufferer from privateers !" Some of the latter, whose exploits are described in this book, were wonderful dare-devil, and the audacious deeds of Robert Surcouf cast even those of Lord Dundonald into the shade. When only two-and- twenty, and in command of a small craft carrying four six-pounders, and manned by a crew of 30, he actually fought and captured the Triton, an India- man carrying 26 12-pounders and a crew of 150 men ! After an astonishing career, he returned to France with a cargo valued at 5,000 000., and died at St. Malo, his native town, in 1927. The same nursery of hardy seamen gave birth to another daring pri- vateer, named Lemoine, who made so many captures that in course of time the Anglo. Indians, when asked by whom their last merchantman had been taken, fell into the habit of replying "-Toujours le meme." ? Not the least interesting portion of Colonel Malleson's book is that which he de- votes to the career of some of the foreign adventurers in India, of whom Benoit de Beige was, with one exception, the ablest and most successful. He was a medieval captain of condottieri transplanted into the eighteenth century, ready to sell. his sword and his audacity to the highest bidder, and exhibiting in great emergencies military genius of the highest order ; finally selling his native regiment of cavalry to the British Government for 360,000 rupees, and returning to Europe with an enormous fortune. He married a daughter of the Marquis d'Osmond, lived unhappily with her devoted his old age to' works of philanthropy, and bequeathed 2,300,000 francs to various charitable institutions in Chambery, besides building a theatre, and a college for the Jesuits, laying out some new and handsome \- streets, and leaving his wife a life income of £24,000. Most visitors to the capital of Savoy will recollect the uncouth fountain, composed, if we remember rightly, of three elephants joined at the loins, which stands in one of the principal thoroughfares. This' bizarre structure was erected to the memory of the successful adventurer. Enlivened by narratives of such careers as the above,. Colonel Malleson's book is the reverse of dull reading; while it is also free from diffuseness, and deserves to be well spoken of as filling upon undesirable famine in the history of modern India One scarcely knows how rich the poetic literature of the nineteenth century is in lyrical compositions until we find that a mere selection from them numbers 200 specimens. These have been selected and arranged with notes by Mr W. Davenport Adams, in a handsome volume, under the title of " Latter-Day Lyrics " (published by Chatto and Windus, London) and there are besides about twenty English examples of French forms of , verse. The authors whose writings have been laid under contribution are upwards of 70 in number, Matthew Arnold, Robert Browning, Austin Dobson, Frederick Locker, James Russell Lowell, the two Rossetti's, and Alfred Tenny- ' son figuring in the front rank. A few of the poems have never appeared in print before and among them is the following by Long- fellow, which embodies a familiar reflection in simple but expressive language. It is entitled "Changed " : " From the outskirts of the town, Where of old the milestone stood, Now a stranger, looking down, I behold the shadowy crown Of the dark and haunted wood. " Is it changed, or am I changed 7 Ah. the oaks or fresh and green, But the- friends with whom I ranged Through the thickets are estranged By the years that intervene. " Bright as over flows the sea, Bright as ever shines the sun, But, alas ! they seem to me Not the sun that used to be, Not the tides that used to run. There appears to be in a great many minds at the present day a morbid hankering after " the unseen." It is usually most active in those to whom the patient methods of scientific inquiry are either unfamiliar or distasteful, and whose appetite for the marvellous and the" unnatural is stimulated by the disordered play of an undisciplined imagination, or by excessive credulity. They are like that Abbot of Clairvaux spoken of by Rogers in connexion with the Lake of Geneva : " Who through the day pursued this pleasant path That winds beside the mirror of all beauty, And when above his fellow pilgrims sate \- Discoursing of the lake, asked where It was." So these lovers of the marvellous are blind to the wonders by which they are surrounded in the world of nature, and in the study of which they might find scope for the exercise of all the mental activity they could spare for the purpose, and plunge into the quest of the supernatural with as much zest as Abbot Bernard speculated and meditated on the invisible, while avowedly unconscious of the glorious beauties of the lake upon the shores of which he walked. And for this class of persons, we presume, the Rev. F. G. Lee has compiled the volume which he designates as More Glimpses of the World Unseen published by Chatto and Windus, London), and intended as a sequel to his previous work on the same subject, The Other World. The reverend author, who is a ritualist, and dates his preface on the Martyrdom of St. Thomas of Canterbury 1877, has gathered together much such a collection of stories as those which are to be found in Calmet's Sisscrla lion upon Apparitions, and in the works of Bodin, Delcie, and Springer. These are divided into warnings of coming danger or death, and dreams, apparitions and spectral appearances at the time of death ; instances of angelic aid and interven- tion and illustrations of modern necromancy. There seems no reason to doubt the genuineness of a good many of the phenomena described ; but most of them are susceptible of a satisfactory explanation, and are capable of being connected with purely natural causes. The investigations of the physiologist and the psychologist have demolished the existence of ghosts, by showing that the phantoms which have an objective reality to the oyoarothe products of a morbid condition either of "the organs of vision or of the brain itself- Goethe possessed the rare faculty of producing phantasms at will and has left a detailed account of the forms they assumed and of the extremely simple method by which he effected his purpose; and Dr. Abercrombie mentions the case of a person who could call up any spectral' figure at his will, but could not banish the illusion as easily. The chapter on spiritualism contains a curious collection of fantastic doctrines and grotesque phenomena, concerning which, and the "new religion" which accepts these as its basis, Mr. Lee observes that "it is much to be deplored that the bishops of the Established Church do not warn their flocks against the heretical' tenets and dangerous practices of its votaries, and that the inferior clergy as they are termed, do not deal with the subject in some other spirit than that exhibited by the shallow and sceptical writers in the public press. As long as bishops, clergy, and people are fondly led to imagine that the whole system is founded on trickery, delu- sion, and imagination, so long will spiritualism steadily increase, as regards the number and power of its supporters, and extend its dark and baneful influence by the working of false and lying wonders." Those who take up M. L. G. Séguiu's Walks in Alias and its Surroundings (published by Dalby, Isbister, and Co., London), in the expectation of finding it a mere book' of travels, will be disappointed, that is to say if they are seeking for amusement only ; but if they look for instruction with respect to the history of that country, its antiquities, its social and domestic life, its indigenous and its immigrant population, its architecture, its scenery, and its natural history, they will find in it quite a mine of information. Indeed, we are not acquainted with any book in the English language which contains anything like the amount of the variety of valuable facts and details which are to be met with in Mr. Séguin's work. He has had the advantage of leisurely studying his subject on the spot, and he has made himself acquainted with the writings of all the French and English authors who have preceded him. Hence the book before us is quite a compendium of everything that is worth knowing concerning the African colony and its inhabitants. It is both a history and a hand- book, and it is interesting to learn from it how immense has been the boon conferred upon Algeria by the introduction of the Australian gum-tree. Speaking of the road from the capital to the Jardin d'Acclimatation, Mr. Seguin says : " It is bordered with eucalyptus, an Australian tree introduced into Algeria by the patriotic exertions of Messrs. Cammell, Cordner, and Trottier, to whom the country owes a large debt of gratitude ; since this tree, from its peculiar power of absorbing miasma, has proved, and in its further cultivation is likely to prove a most valuable agent in rendering healthy tracts, of country which would otherwise be unfit for colonisation. . The introduction of the eucalyptus into Algeria dates only from 1862, yet there are now computed to be no less than two millions of those tree in the country, each from 50ft. to 60ft. high. . The wood is most valuable for building purposes, besides which we are assured that soaps, perfumes, lozenges, court plaster, syrups, pomades, liniments, toilet vinegar, as well as many preparations used for artistic purposes, such as varnishing oils, veneer, and tracing paper, are obtained from different parts of the tree. There is already established in Paris a depot for the sale of eucalyptus perfumery. But by far the most valuable and important property of the eucalyptus is its anti-strike, quality, due, no doubt, to the aromatic oil which it contains, a quality which has been abundantly proved in various low- lying arid marshy districts of Algeria as most beneficial | to life and health, and OB to which, looking at the early history of the colony, one can . only, deeply regret that its value was not sooner known or more generally appre- ciated." While Algeria is thus indebted to Australia for this precious natural gift, there are some things we might advantageously borrow from the French colony in Africa ; and one of these is the system of agricul- tural instruction adopted in the two orphanages of San Carlo Borromeo and the, Maison Carre, both of which are described as doing a good work. "The children," writes M. Séguin, were literally picked up out of the streets, most of them in a starving condition. They are brought up as agriculturists, even the girls cultivating the farm which is attached to their asylum. Groups of them, in their picturesque white dresses may be seen at work in the orchards and fields about Koubla and Birkhaden under the superintendence of a sisterhood who share their labours. The notion of this field labour for females may not be altogether consonant with our notions, but out-door work is, in Algiers, accompanied with far less hardships than in our damp climate, and it is probably felt to be a good education for the future wives of colonists. This is the destiny for which the girls are being prepared. . The plan seems at least to be succeeding, and already one large and flourishing village has been peopled by Christian natives from these SCHOOLs of waifs and strays." From what M. Séguin says about our notions," we may infer that he knows very little of the rural life of England, or he would be familiar with the fact that a great amount of field work of the lighter kinds is performed by women and girls. He is well up, however, in everything relating to Algeria, and his book is entitled to high praise in consequence. We learn from the preface to Memories of our Great Towns (published by Chatto and Windus,London),thattheautliorof the book the late Dr. Doran-was accustomed to contribute to the Athenaeum some account of the locality selected for the annual meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. Last year he collected these papers for republication, and delivered them, with his corrections and revisions, to the printer on the 2nd of January last. He died upon the 25th of the same month. He was one of the most genial of gossips, and the most entertaining of antiquaries, full of information upon the oddest and most out of the way subjects, and just as full of lively anecdote and pleasant jest. He worked hard, read and remembered an immense number of books, wrote about 15 himself, edited several others, conducted the Athenaeum, and afterwards that " repertory of useless knowledge," as Lord Houghton called it, Notes and Queries, and died in harness at the age of 71, having to quote his own words, prolonged his youth as far as possible by persisting in hopefulness and by drawing young life about him." He made hosts of friends, and met death with philosophical serenity, observing to a friend the day before he died, "lam Hearing the great mystery." His posthumous work is just such a book as he excelled in writing-one which left him free to wander at his own will among the historical and biographical associations of each of the places described to quote quaint scraps of old poetry, to revive for- gotten epigrams, and to narrate amusing stories connected with the men and manners of the past. Thus, in speaking of Bath and the Bath Guide, Dr. Doran tells us how the audacious Anstey slept seven years at Cambridge, and then lost his degree for commencing his speech to the nobs with "Doc tors same doctrine, magistri artium some artists. at baccalaurei obscure points quam lauro digna !" And yet, as we learn from an earlier page, the lion, and Rev. Barton Wal- lop, younger brother of the Earl of Portsmouth, although totally illiterate, was made Master of Magdalen, in the same University ; so that while wit was frowned upon, ignorance was honoured and rewarded. Speak- ing of Wallop, Dr. Doran says :-" Nothing that he did ever surprised any one, except his dying on the first day of partridge-shooting in 1781, which was considered an inadver- tence on the part of the reverend sportsman. So, when Walker, vice-master of Trinity, and a learned and eager florist, was told that, a learned and eager brother florist had just shot himself, Good God !' exclaimed the reverend vice-master, 'Is it possible? Just at the beginning of tulip time I' When our author comes to describe " Bonny Dundee," he relates an anecdote of a sea faring native of that place named Crichton, whose vessel fell into the hands of a ferocious pirate named Angela, who was then the terror of the East Indian Seas. The captive was ordered to get his skin full, and then wait upon his captor. When he did so, Angria began to catechise Captain Crichton, and finding he was a Dundee man, the pirate exclaimed "Weel, I see ye are just what ye describe yerself', and deal hoe my said if I hurt a hair of your head for ye see, Captain Crichton, I'm a Dundee man myself', and I ken what's correct betune fellow towns- men !" 