Taking the Poll. IT was early dawn on the —th of November when I rolled up my dormitorial swag on the mud floor of the humpy that was to do duty as balloting booth during that eventful day, on which the fortunes of two out of half-a-doean aspirants to legislative honors were to be deaJded. The polling-piaoe, whkh by the patronage of my old aehool chum, the returaing-officar for Bui lanoowa, had fallen to my charge, with a two guinea lee in proapect, besides other pickings, Was really a charming spot To reach it an arm of the aaa bad to be Crossed, aad the stormy weather of the previoua evening, followed by a rather lengthy tramp under the guidance of a blackfellow, had ao wearied me that on arrival I had hardly unstrapped my blankets and lain down, regardkee of snakes aad oockroachaa, on mother earth before I was fast asleep. The aspect of the scene next morning came to me, therefore, with all the novelty of a surprise. In front, at a couple of hundred yards distance, spread tha waters of the Pacific, gleaming with that inde finabk opalescence whkh inveata the aurfaoe of the calmly slumbering deep in the still soft hour that precedes the too rapid sunrise of an Austra lian summer morning. The tide was running out, and as Ita receding waveleta creamed along the White sands they dkolosed, little by little, the ainuoua outlet of the tiny creek, on whose bank my mdc aleeping-plaoe of the paat night atood, whimpering along over ito pebbly bed, more than half hidden by tree-feme and myrtles, its low converse mingled pleasantly with the soughing of tbe morning breese in the gaunt gum-tree tope, with the orisons of the awakening cicadse, and the subdued trumpeting of the in quisitive magpie as he eyed my outdoor prepara tions for a hasty breakfast with a curious eye. The hut that k to witness the solemn and de liberate ohoioe of the free and independent of the district has done duty in hs time aa a native polioe station. Time haa dealt gently with ita slab walk and rugged roof, aud, although the doors and windows have long since rotted off their raw-hide ties, the interior still possesses every convenience for complying with the re quirements of "the Act" There are two apart ments—an outer one, still boasting tbe rudely rigged bushman's bunk that serves me for sn office table; and an inner, where, at a triangular shelf behind the partition, the voter can select his men and obliterate his political adversaries in perfect concealment Breakfast over, and the fragments oonsigned to my swarthy guide, I re-enter the hut and prepare for the duties of the day. An impromptu whkk of tea-tree, deftly wielded by that royal personage (hk name waa King Jimmy) sends the dust of half a gene ration flying, aad causes fearful havoc among tarantulas, centipedes, and other live occupants of the polling booth, who have yet a long course of evolution to undergo before they become fit for the franchise. A blue blanket, spread on the uneven boards of the sleeping bunk—l always, on principle, avoid using one of theae anake trapa for: ita legitimate purpoae, eapecially in a long uninhabited hut—givea that piece of furniture quite a business and office like appearance ; and when the bran new ballot-box, still clammy with varnish, is displayed thereon, and my papera, pens, inkstand, and other paraphernalia are all neatly laid out, I begin to realise with intense satisfaction the immense Importance of the func tions of a presiding officer ss high priest of the free and glorious ballot, which for one day only gives all true-bora Queenslanders a voice in the ' administration of their magnificent oountry. Half-past 8 o'olock ; one short half .hour and my responsibilities will begin. Those responsi bilities include the maintenance of order during the polling, and the arrest of any person attempt ing to disturb the proceedings. So say the " In structions to Returning- officers," kc, whioh I have read over so often during -the laat day or two that it would be a relief to feel oneself » ' composer, ao aa to be able to set them to muaic. Waa it altogether prudent, without securing police assiataOce, to undertake functions so ottet-oua in thk wild plaoe! Tia aaid that,for all it aeema so peaceful and solitary, the popula tion round about, mostly lumberers, are a rough anjd ready Ut, much given to the secreting- of kegs of undutied rum oast up by the waves, and as little likely to respeot the halo that encircles a presiding officer aa they would to leave untapped any items of spirituous jetsam that fell in their way. I picture to myself with sopae trepidation the possibility of having to arrest, single-handed, in virtue of my office, four or five of these giants, w^th limbs steeled by constant familiarity with maul and wedges ; ana am soon lost in contem plation of the means for disposing of my pri soners—when caught. However, there kno help for it Matters have proceeded too far to recede n^w ; besides, there remains the chance of one or inpre scrutineers arriving who would help to keep me In countenance. Nine o'clock ; time to open the poll Ia de fault of any other witneaa I aummon King Jfmmy, and in hk presence formally unlock the i bjdlot-bot, and turning it upside down, A la 3jbert Houdin, to ahow that " there k no do ptipn," relook it, and eliding the key into the innermost peowtralk of my pantaloona, with an attitude implying that only death ahall wrest it from me, replace tbe fatal casket in position. How, come one, oome all, they will find me equal1 to either fortune. i Five, ton, twenty minutes pass; but nary voter. These timber-getting gentry are doubt less making holiday, and on suob occasions bad ' abd breakfast have Cireean charms for the berd > qanded toiler. Ridiculous to expeeta k>ul before 10 o'clock. Still I feel a vague aensatioo of rest lessness and discontent overpower pie. " Come ih, Kitur'Jimmy, and be sworn in aa a spssfcl J instable; thenars no peaoe to keep, unforta atery, or rather there'a mon than I can atray With, bnt aay pretext will aerve for the aight of a, human faoe. Aiaa I the poor devil has alunk away out et aight That oeremoakl ,maninuk lion of tha ballot-box— too suggestive of/an i nfaraal maohine haa perturbed bk spirit and 1 te deems it prudent to keep a aafe Interval be* tween hiaasslf and the uncanny thing. ; Would that tbe day'a work were done, never- Thk solitary confinement k getting confoundedly slow, and I'd give all the eetraphie vkidna that fancy ever oalled up for a long drink -^eool-duu^ygalr-ukloneafOaWaDovek. Hal the vary thought excites thirst. In the hanata of men it k 12 o'olock: not the ghost ef a human beiag, much less a voter, has shown up yet If*diaadygaffkuaattaiaablo,thehahUißg streamkt telk of 000 l water doee by, and there ia a flaak in my valise that will aerve to "medi cate" the animalcule. What a nobk pretext, by the way, are aaid animalcula! It ware a tame world without ita due proportion ot vibrionee and porticHlarke. Thus muaing, with a hasty glance around, and bestowing a defiant malediction on the "inatructiona," I arm myself with a panni kin aod the aoti-vibrionic elixir, and rush down to the creek. The change from the biasing eon and fierce sea- breeze to the 000 l stillness ef the fern and myrtie oopae that shades the amber oolored yet limpid waters k delightful. The tiny rill haa hollowed out for itself a auccaaslon of basins, in whose depths the flashing dace and unoouth crayfish are gambolling, and, aa the be nignant mokture trickles from one to another over cuahiona of emerald maaa, atray aunbaama ghat lovingly through the kttioed fronds abovo upon its quivering surface. Fount of Bandosia, more than orystal bright, Worthy of goblsU brimmad with wias and flowers; or aromatic Schiedam schnapps, which forma aa equally appropriate libation; and again and again I slake my thirst with the refreshing compound. I have juat time to note that a huge dragon-fly, that soars, immovably poked like a pieoe of rainbow, juat over tho pool, k eyeing me vindictively, as though resenting my intrusion on ita domain, when the pricking of a conscience rendered pretornaturally sensitive by prolonged solitude drives me back to the hut Thank God, nothing haa oeourred during the in terval to create any embarrassment The ballot box stands undisturbed, and the only thiug ap proaching to a riot has been caused by the wind, which has been mixing up my voting papers, scrutineers' declarations, and anti-bribery formularies in a most unconstitutional manner, and blowing them all over the place. Pickiug up and sorting these Sybilline leaves (some of which I discover among the self- sown pumpkin-vines that mark the site of the former garden) serves to while away another half-hour, and has the effect of bringing King Jimmy once more within hail. Hk Majesty has in the meantime discovered and "burgled" (as the Yankees say) an unusually fine " sugar-bag;" and as it is now dinner-time, and he has more than sufficient to cloy even a blackfellow's appetite, I "trade" some of my sandwiches for a dessert of honey, and master and man feast fraternally and sumptuously together on the dense sward of couch that haa taken the place of former cultivation. Dinner over, for the first timo I begin to realise the possibility of having to return to Puddkborough without bagging a aingle vote. In Uttle more than two hours the .-poll most be closed; and although, for thai matter, I would willingly have waited all night, and next day into tbe bargain, rather than incur . r —: ' "T~~—~"~~~—~ ._the refmaet-i -of coming back with a maiden tMHot^Doc, llhe " instructions** on that head were ■anet -e-cpiidt, and I dearly saw that unices I -feold incite King Jimmy to cause a not, and thua ,ejg(*» me an excuse for adjourning the prooeedinga, 4%-p.m. wonld see the end of my unfruitful labors. The apprehension lest I should be mobbed 'bj the manhood suffragans of the neighborhood mow gave way to a burning desire for the appear ance of etieaet«lew of these Wild men of the woods. In my then, mood I would have wel •corned even a *'peraona tor" to my bosom, and a blind or-illiterate voter—whose presence might in eosae sort justify my appointment—would have raked me to the seventh heaven of content King Jimmy's name was not on the roll, so there was no colorable excuse for taking hk vote, afH-aly or otherwise; but, by heavens, I was very ■ear it at one time. I verily believe that had a hand, armed with adzes and staves, and fired with drift rum, sallied forth from the scrub, writh the express object of " taking their change" out of the "poll cove," I could have died with a amfle on my lips. Three o'clock: no change of scene, save aa regards the tide, which k dashing merrily in, •and triumphantly obliterating the Pendopean flabors of those little bullet-shaped crabs, whose ■melancholy assiduity in forming, every ebb- tide, * |*-T*y agglomeration of neatiy-rounded sand bails I have watched during the long morning hours with mingled amusement and pity. Poor little -mwtaoean idiota I your lot k analogous to mine. Strenua noe exereitinertia, both of us; Wt the fruitless labor of your claws and man atibka ceases only with life, whereas my task will be ended— Gracias a Dios—within the next hour. On the land side the more oblique rays of ♦he sun are mellowing the gray, sap- green, and indigo-blue tints of the forest, with its baok •ground of towering jungle, topped here and there with the funereal crest of aome giant pine. In the foreground, prone in a sort of alcove formed by the overhanging end of a half-con sumed hollow log, lies King Jimmy, fast asleep. The otcadaa are still chirruping on the tree-tope, but their song lacks continuity, and mingles Eleeeantly with other sounds of bird and insect fe that beoome prominent aa the afternoon wean on. A white low bank of doud in the far finance, whence proceed muffled reverberations, •telk of an approaching thunderstorm, and for •the moment diverts my thoughts from the all ■engrossing subject of the polL The idea of another night on the floor of that hump*, with -anerbmentel war racing outside, aad the Scared -forest; -areatuns^er /aptilia--eonMng into my -•^tory for shelter,, i. a* pleasant I men teUyquote WeUinr;^., od-sbnted aspiration at Waterloo, and ir.jtantaneoualy reject It aa inap ptteable to my vrmnt dtoaSon. In the fiAt plaoe my boe. MMa 'a name k not Blucher, but -™o**-**-, and if the evening ahould oome on 00* xlraanigan—or with him for that matter -*-**ne eonaoktion would be amall, aa I haVe a ""■Vie of milea' tramp before me In order to •-T-aeh the boat-landing on the other aide of the peninsula. Now Braonigan, taking a kindly in tereat in my welfare, had kindly volunteered to come across and help me dong with my baggage when the arduous labors of the day ahotUd be ewer. The remembrance of hk promise suddenly invests thk individual with an interest I oould hardly expkin to myself, and aa hk bhrty tshambling form emerges' from the sorub 1 •find myaelf mechanically fumbling for my watoh. IFlve maautea to 1 There k not a moment to be Host flow lekurely the fellow shuffles along; thk coarse shirt flung wide open to the sea -bree-ee, and hk blowzy lips mumbling a straw of *angaroo- graas, ** la Palmenton, on a levd of *uU red pump-handle nose. At knglb, after 'a mortel suspense of two ana a-half minutes, Braonigan's big head and shoulden obscure the' window, while a dedded odor of whkky contends auoceesfully • with the more refined fumes that still linger about my—alas!—now empty flask. Brannigan sug gests, in a voice slightly muffled by apiritpoua emotion, that I might aa well look up thb (aan guinary) roll and ace if he be entitled to vote. With a tremor of joy I put my finger on' the place; yes, there he is—Jack Brannigan; occu pation, mariner; qualification, freehold; ted deuce, Baliy-Brannigan—all right and shipshape. Hastily initialling a voting-paper, and motioning him into the " polling-booth" with assumed in difference, I hand him the document, and, telling him there k no time to lose, expkin in a -few words what he has to do in order to record hk vote. Brannigan peers round the partition into the voting chamber with a perturbed and anxious expression, as if he were expecing a tap from the shillelagh of some compatriot concealed therein ; but, finding nothing more formidable there tban a carpenter's pencil, edges in, little by little, aad begins scratching at a great rate. All this time I had known better than to look at ' aay watch—the axiom laid down in thoee con founded "instructions"— ln no case should a vote be taken after 4 o'clock" —singing all the while in my can, and forming itself to my dared virion in Bekhazzar characters on the opposite walL At last Brannigan emerges from his con cedment, and, holding the paper, crumpled up in moat intricate fashion, aloft, finally manages to insert it into the slit of the ballot box. The fatel spell was broken. Regard for appearances done restrained me from falling an the noble fellow's neck and shedding tears of gratitude. As the only poaribie dternative I consulted my watch. It had stopped at precisely 4 o'clock. I raked my eyes to heaven, the bark roof done intervening, and adored the specid Providence that had saved my scruples. Then, in my best official tone, * I declare thk poll dosed," and prepare for a start Two days afterwards, in the return of votes taken within the Bullancowa -electorate, there appeared the following item:— BALLV- BaASNKUJ*. Bmithera. Bnooka. Smile-/. Stubb* Sly. Sanean. • 0 0 0 0 0 Informal. Total 1 1 The fellow had, in his confounded ignorance—— but avast there, Mr. Presiding Officer! The Aot explicitly prohibits you from connecting any given voting-paper with any given voter; and though you may have your own suspicions, and those pretty strong ones, eternd secrecy must officially conceal the identity of the one informal vote that was given at the polHng- booth of » lota Qoux. 