OUR BRISBANE LETTER, (From oar Correspondent.) Tho uows about the weather may be put in a few words : tho dayo warm, bright, and sunny, the nights cool, and neither rain, fog, nor front. Winter in Brisbane is far more agreeablo than either in Sydney or Melbourne. Morning and evening the air is cool and bracing, and to put many words into few it may be stated that we have really hne weather, but a tew hours ram would benefit fanning and pastoral interests. I feel sincere pleasure in making known that his LordsliipDr. O'Quinn preached on Pentecost Sunday. It was the first time hk Lordship appeared in the pulpit since his arrival from New Zealand. His Lordship spoke for an hour, and with a f orco and energy worthy of younger days. Somehow there i3 a special fitness in a bishop preaching on the great festival of Pentecost. The sermon . was remarkably well delivered, and every way worthy of the high esteem in v/liich his Lordship is held as a public orator. The Epistle and Gospel for tho day being read, his Lordship commenced by saying that Pontecoet may be regarded as the birth of tho Church of Christ, and next dealt on the absence of all human grandeur and earthly splendour in the lowly birth of tho Itedeemor, His obscuro life at Nazareth, His selection of poor fishermon for disciples, and the. manifold priva tions of His thirty- three years' life as revealed in tho affecting expression, ' Foxes havo their dwellings, tho birds of tho air havo nests, but tho Son of Man .has not where to rest.' The death on Calvary, tho Kesirrrectiou and Circumcision were referred to, and their connection with the festival of the day forcibly pointed out. Chriot's commission to the Apoatlea oamo next, and to tho Catholic those texts can never appear too oft repeated, ' Go ye andtei;-;h r.V. ?.-.aiioiiD;' ' As tho Father hath cent Me I also &yu;& you ;' ' Whose sins you ohflll forgive, they are forgiven ;' ' You flliall bo hated by all nations for My name sake ;' ' Have confidence, I have ovoreomo the world ;' ' I will send the Paraclete, the Spirit of Truth, who will teach you all truth, and abide with you for ever.' Ilia Lordship directed attontion to the manner of men the Apostles were previous to the descent of the Holy Ghost, and how. altered they became aftor the ' Tongue of fire ' camo down on thorn. Petor'B timidity and infidelity were nevor heard of again, though he confronted Jews and Gentiles. Tho self -seeking and ambition of James and John, gave way to tlio apostolic zeal and sanctity so worthy of tho disciples of a crucified Master. His Lordship dwelt with great pathos on tho suffer ing and martyrdom of tLu Apostles and tho early Christian!!, and referred to the religious heroism displayed by St. Catherine, St. Agnes, St. Cecily, St. Sebastian, and a countleBo number of others during three hundred years. Tho per secution of modern times was alluded to in a very temperate and charitable manner. England, France, and Germany havo boon, and probably are now, as malignanty opposed to tho Catholic Church as were the Neros, Diocietiaus, and Julians of other times ; but the Church has now as boundless hopes and reliance on that l)i vhio utterance of hor Heavenly Found:)!-, ' Soonor shall the heavens and earth pass away' than those diviuc promises will fall. His Lordslu'p having ui.iiuiaeu uis uuuittiu tu iicus vs. eiiaiuby, anu ;,o tho performance of those duties bo worthy of the members and children of tho one true Church, gave his Benediclion and retired. I need not add that, the sermon was listened to with earnest attention. Hie Lordship spoke for more tlum an hour, but the subject was so grand and so varied, that fatigue on the hearer's part was out of the question, The cormon was an epitome of tho Catholic Faith, and what I have Btatod is only n, very feeble and imperfect outline. Juno 10, 1878. 