LOST IN THE SIERRAS. SCENE I. How silent aro tho Sierras in their top most heights, whero tho grey peaks stand about in groups, holding up between them tho littlo platter-liko valloys ! Wo must go and stand on the border of ono of theso valloys. Now wo feel tho silenco of the placo resting upon us — aro awett by tne tan, irownmg peaKs. Seo ! a gloomy mist in tho west has risen up und reddoncd and almost hidden tho after noon sun. What ! in this drear placo a lone man and his horse. How tired aro both ; how slowly drag their steps ! Now thoy halt. Tho man, bewildered, lost, turns and looks about him ; tho tired beast hangs its head and stands motionless, glad of a moment's rest. Before thom, darkly frowning, is a grey-walled canyon. It is deep — how deep wo cannot see, for in tho bottom squats gloomy Dark. Unsmiling as tho lost soul, sho grimly sits hovering over her brood of terrors, as a hen spreads her wings over her young. Tho lost stand perploxcd and irresolute. Thoy 'know, and only know, that they aro lost in the high Sierras. Thoir knees betray thoir weariness and their fears. How great is tho silenco here ? No sound from the lower world can reach this height. The tall groy peaks stand about like voice less ghosts. Along tho narrow flats and upon tho steep, unsafo slopes, are grouped tho wliito hones of lifeless groves of juniper and stunted pino — thoy aro bleached as stag horns bleach on a plain, or tho bones of dead soldiers ou a battlefield. Did thoy dio of the great silenco ? SCENE II. Evenixo is drawing hear, hut tho black ness of her robes is not all her own. Tho lost man marks tho gathering gloom and is uneasy. Winter is near— he knows tho treaohcry of tho season and all tho dangers of tho first great snow storm. Alas ! why did ho venture ? Gold, for which all risk life, tempted him. His fagged steed moves his ears to and fro uneasily — turns and snuft's toward tho west. Thero is woight, moisture, in tho gloom. Undecided, tho lost, man looks about him. Liko tho sea, tho deep silenco roars in his ears. Now frag ments of clouds, slow moving, approach aud creep along tho ground closo besido him. Dusk rises, threatening up from her lair in tho near abyss and stands before him. Sho stretches lior shapolcss arms about tho baso of tho mountains i her terrors glido along tho low ravines, skulking from bush to bush. Whero shall tho lost man turn ? Hark ! a house dog bays from tho step of his master's cabin ! Was that tho homo-liko tinkle of a cow-boll ? Ah ! no ; theso aro sounds that belong miles on males below, moro than a day's joumoy away. Eolioing memory for a moment cheated him. Hist ! What is that which, liko tho long-drawn sigh of. the ghost, breathes through tho silenco? How quickly the lost man turns and peers into the gloom behind him ! j Pshaw ! 'twas but tho voico of tho wind, awed to a whisper— rebuked by the dread prosenco of Silenco. 'Twas but. tho wind— I ho folt it on his cheek — yet, in that -jno timid whisper it said muoh to him. Ho under stood and shuddered. His horso dropped liis hoad still lower und shook his shaggy sides until tho pack on his back clattered again. Tho poor beast understood what was whispered by tho broeze. Thoro was no snow on his baok — not yet — but tho horse know what was meant by tho wind. Tho clatter of tho pack was not loud — would not havo been at another placo — but tho lost man started and looked quickly about him ; ho feared that tho liugo poaks standing around might bo startled into lotting fall the great rocks lying in their laps. At last tho lost gold-huntor moves. Driving liis weary horso boforo him, ho gazes earnestly at what looks liko tho black shadow of a cloud — a small dark spot many miles away. It is a grovo of living trees that ho seos — a grovo of firs in a mountain gorge far below. Rugged are tho ways of tho wilderness and tho feet of tho weary find many stumbling places. Weary is the lost man ! weary tho beast ho urges ! Bruises rebuke his hasto, and stubborn shrubs rear their antlored heads and avenge on his flesh and garments his overy display of contompt for them. The wind whispers moro hoarsely and boldly along tho rugged ground. It is yet far to tho grove — to whero tho fir trees stand silent and dark. Timidly tho lost man glances upon tho heaped aud distorted rocks as he hastens past them. Ho is foolish to be afraid. Thero aro no faces looking at him over jagged tops— no faces peeping from their dusky chinks. How dark it grows ! Who can now see tho tops of tho hoary peaks around — whose oyo look into tho darkness at thoir feet ? Soon the gnomes of tho mountain hills will ho abroad, tho ghosts of tho dead races walk ! The lost man puts his hand quickly to his cheek ; he gazes np in fear at the gloom in tho sky, urges his horso in a hoarse, hurried voico, for ho has just felt tho fall of tlio first snow flake. His strained eyes have still in view the dark clump of firs, but it is far, far to thoir shelter. SCENE III. Siience no longer reigns. The winds, at first so timid, havo come forth in all their strength and now shout victoriously through their dominions. Hark ! are not the ghosts of tho dead races at battle with tho gnomes ? No ; 'tis but the howl of the wolf, seated at tho month of liis cave ! Now tho snow sits steadily down, and wearily drag on horso and man, heavily lifting their snow-cumbered feet. At last — thank God — at last the shelter of the grove is gained. Tho wolf is still laugh ing, seated on tho rock before liis den, but tho shelter of tho firs is good. The snow cannot como near, but it hastens to raiso a wall about the trees, the low, outer branches of whioh almost sweop the ground. Grateful is his fire of sticks to tho chilled feet of tho wanderer. The storm is forgotten while ho slumbers. Let gnomes and tho ghosts of warriors battle — lot the groy wolf laugh on ! Tho lost man sleeps and liis hungry horse, with his noso in tho embers, dreams of the green grass of tho lower valleys. Tho red light of tho morning sun burns on the snow and tho sleeper awakes. Oh ! sun, mock not ?with your brightness, for tho wall of snow is high. Gazing on it, tho heart of tho lost man stands still. Tho snow- laden boughs of his trees aro weighed down — thoy rest upon the encircling drift. What a beautiful fairy palaco our lost man has ! But ho will not look upon or delight in its dazzling walls— he only sighs, and moans and mutters. 'Whoso are tlio names ho speaks ? Why does ho not bo merry, and sing and danco in his splendid snow palace ? But his hands clasp his knees ; ho rocks to and fro. Rising, he approaches and caresses his dumb companion, aud tho horse lovingly rests his head against his master's cheek. ' 'Tis full fifty miles to tho valloys, good Dobbin,' ho says, ' and wo must bo moving.' Quite up to the breast of tho horse is tlio snow, as the pair resume their journey. Suoh is a storm of a singlo night in tho high Sierras. SCENE IV. ' Joiin' is the name that is ou the lips of a mother in a littlo brown cabin, by a foun tain' in a dell among tho foothills far below. 'Papa' is tho word tho bluo-oyed girl by hor side is lisping. 'Tisho they are thinking of whoso breast is pushing against the snow, high up iu the glittering mountains. In the littlo brown cabin a white cloth is spread on tho table, and dainty dishes smoke upon tho hearth. Why does ho not como homo ? Look out, littlo boy , look out at the door, and lookoften, child ! Look now, and when Spring comes and the birds sing — look again ! . . . Taking our way again to the mountains, how liko great tents look the clumps of man zanita on the foothills, and, higher up, how tho young pinos are bowed down with snow ; Up, up, wo toil, many weary miles, and at last we Bee, on the side of a preat, whito mountain, two blaok, slow-moving epeoks. What 1 have thoy stopped ? No ; they are moving again — but, not now. They seem moving again — but, no — no. No ; the tired liorso oan go no further — cannot bo driven. Ho is stretchod iu tho snow. Oar wanderer must make his own path. Seo ! the snow is against hia breast, but he pushes bravely through. Listen! Was that a moan? It waB a sound from tho dumb companion of tbe lost man — a Bigh — bnt now the poor horse can raise his head no more. He is weak; he cannot follow hia master. Bat, look, the man has turned about I Now he . kneels down by the poor brute, whose head ho takes in his lap, and whose neck he onciroles in hiB arms.- Will he stay and. dio with hiB horse? No The cabin and the two blue-eyed children ! In vain tho horse now tries to lilt his head — in vain listens for his master's voice. His master's breast is once more against the snow, and his thoughts are ol his oabin home and a mother with hor little ones, that ding to her clothes. Dull is the boom of the masses of Bnow falling from tho tops ol tbo tall pines. A lonely grouse is startled and flies over to an opposite mountain with a whirr ol wings that cohoes far up and down the eanyon. And again all is still — hnslied as death! The dread silence of the Sierras 1 SCENE V. Another day has passed and another night. Where now is he that was lost ? Ominous, almost liko a wail, is the stillness. Soe, ho lies with bis faoe on his arms—his breast still against tho enow. This is sad, lor this is ' John' and this is 'papa.' He seems resting, and, perhaps, is thinking of the mother in tha far-away cabin and the little onea that ioIing by her olothes. Ah, thank God 1 he riseB — he is broasting the snow. AIbb 1 he has halted, and again lies with his head upon his arms, having movedsoaroe ten paoes. Snow-blind and feeble, be arises and makos another effort to ndvanao, but his head onoe moro sinks upon his arms. Tho white cloth is again spread on the table, tho dainty disheB again smoke ou tlio hearth. ' Why does ho not oomo 1' asks the uneaBy mother in the little brown cabin. Look oat, little blue-eyed boy, look oat atthe door poor mother, keep your dainties warm, and tell your little ones ' papa will soon be at home,' The faoe ol the lost man is still buried in his arms, he ntters no sound, he does not movo. From the tall pineB the Bnow falls heavily about him, but he ia not disturbed — he is very, very oold, drowsy, and he droamB. The young pineB are hooded with snow, and snow bends the smaller firs — yet, abovo all, the sky is bine and smiling. But the lost man sees none of those ; yet he smiles, for at last he sees the whito oloth spread on the table, the dainty dishes on tho hearth, the glad mother and his bine-eyed babes — he is almost home. Look out, little blao eyed boy, and yon, little girl ; bnt, poor mother, look no more to yonr dainty dishes, for ' papa' is now at home. gSYes, now that we look again — look at the glazed eyes and rigid limbs — we see that it is so — ho iB ' at homo.' Oold are the nights on the high Sierras — cold tbe blue sky and the bright stars. Under the bluo sky and the bright stars lies the. stiffened form of the lost gold-hunter — far up on the side of a great whito mountain it lies. The grey wolf, perohed on his rook, looks down upon two dark Bpeeks in the snow and utters hiB wild, hungry laugh, undeoided upon which firet to feast, the horse or his dead maBter. How hateful iB the sight of this wolf that howls by night, and of the oiroling ravens that croak by day I for we can but think of those waiting in the little brown cabin, by the fountain, far down the valley. When spring comes again, the bones of the lost gold-hunter may be found — but who knows ? There — still oiroling about — are those croaking ravens, and there — with his feet on the edge of his jutting rook, Bhaggy neck stretched out, and eyes looking hungry ly down — still stands that ohattering wolf. 