Presbyterian Crurch. — Sunday Nov. 10th : Glen Innps— Morning Service, 11 a.m. Dundee —Afternoon, 3.30 p.m — Rev. J. M. Inpes, Church Notices.— -Holy Trinity Church : 21st Sunday after Trinity, 10th November — Matins and Litany, 11 a.m. ; Evensong, 7.30 p,m. — Out Services s Sunday, 10th November — Qllera : Mat- tins and' Holy Communion, 11 a.m. ; Wands worth, 2.30 p.m. ; Moredpn Station, 5 p.m.— W. H. Cooper, Curate. Metal Market.— Messrs. Harrison, Jones, and Deyjin, in their circular of Saturday last, report :— Tjn Ore.— We have to report a further improvement in the price of tin ore this week j the demand is still limited, but if the price of fin improves/smelters will soon he in the market again. Smelted Tin; — We are able to report a rise of 25s. per ton in the London market since our last report, the latent cablegram advising us the value to be £57, With cheap freights (his ought to causp a better demand here. Cricket. — The return match— -Married v. Sin gle, will hp played on Saturday next (Prince of Wales' Birthday), on tb? ground across the preek. We understand the following married players have been npminated :— Messrs, Webb, Preston, Jas. Harris, Byron, Akcd, Long, Seale, A. Vincent, Cornish, Goodfeliow, Cornish (Red \- Range), J. Sully, Dorringtqn, and Burridge. The Weather.-— Yesterday heavy rain fell in Glpn Inqes, \yhich, considering the near ap proach of the May Day Fete, can scarcely be " wondered at. We have noticed that whenever a sopial gathering is announced in- town, the Clerk of the Weather becomes unusually lach rymose ; hence many intending visitors from a distance are frequently prevented from paying PR a visit on these festive occasions, Paris Exhibition. — Messrs. H. and R. A. Lpwis, the local agents for Wheeler and Wil son's sewing machines, have received from Mel bourne tlje following telegram, which we have: been asked to publish : — " Wire received that grand prize has been awarded to Wheeler and Wflson's machines.". Jnverell Public School v. Glen. Innes Pub lic School. — We "understand a match at cricket will be played early in the Christmas vacation, between tho hoys attending these schools. The match will be played at Q-len Innes, and it has been arranged that " qur hoys" shall visit In- verell during the Easter holidays to play the feturn match. Mr. W. Cornish, the local master, will captain his own pnpils, and Mr. Graham it is believed will perform a similar office for the Inverell boys ; but should he be unable to leave home, Mr, Purkins will take bis place. , Cur youthful knights of the willow are most as siduous in their practices, and they are likely to render a good account of themselves when the pventful day arrives. Conversazione— At the Music Hall last even ing, the Rev. Mr. Cooper announced that owing to the inclemency pf the weather, which had prevented many from attending the conversa zione, jt wopld be postponed until the Bishop's return from Tenterfield, of which doe notice will be given. Important to Miners.— We desire to call attention of miners and others interested in mining pursuits of the recent issue of regula tions with reference to cutting races through leased land, which wp reprint from the Govern- meni Gqzette ;— 1. It shall be lawful for any person authorised under the Mining Act, 1874, to take and divert or to conserve water for min ing purposes, who desires to cut a race through land held under mining lease, to enter upon such Jand apd to mark out by pegs the line of race proposed to be constructed. 2. Notice of inten- tion to construct such race' shall be served ppon the Warden of the district in which the land is situated, and npon the lessee or lessees of the land through which the race is to be cut, calling upon them— (1) to oonserit to the cutting of the race without compensation or (2) To consent to the cutting of the race sub ject to the paymept of compensation naming the amount thereof, and such other conditions as may be necessary to protept the lessee or lessees ; pr "(3) To show cause why the race should not be out through the leased land, or why it should take a different direction from that indicated by the pegs aforesaid. 3. Within ten days after pervice of the qoticp aforesaid, the lessee or lessees shall forward to the Warden of the district an answer in writing to Buch notice, con senting without compensation or conditions, or showing cause why the race should not be cut pr why the direction thereof should be changed ; and in the event pf the lessee or lessees of any parcel of land failing to forward an answer as aforesaid, he or they shall be deemed to consent -without compensation or conditions, but in such pise the Warden may, if he think the race as markqd ou( will interfere with the enjoyment of or injure the property of, the lessee' or Ipssees, orderthat the direction of the race or the method of constructing it be changed. 4. In the event of thp lessee or lessees claiming compensation or showing cause as aforesaid, and the person desiring to cgt the race, not concurring therein, the Warden shall appoint a time and place for hearing the matter in djspute, and shall cause notice thereof to be served upon the parties ; and after hearing (he parties then present, and (hp evjdence, if any tendered, shall thereupon de- pide whptber or pot the face may be cut thrpugh such land, and, if it may be cut, in what direc tion and subject to what conditions and what compensation, if any, shall be paid to the lessee or lessees, and how and when the same shall be paid. 5. No persqn shall be entitled to cut a race through leased lands vyithqnt the consent of the lessee or lessees, qntil he shall havq ob tained an order from the Warden pf the district permiftiug him to do so. 6. For the protection of any race cut through any leased land the owner of such race shall be entitled to ten feet on each side of such race ; and for" the purpose of inspecting, cleansing, or repairing, such race, such owner, his agents, servants, or workmen \- pay at all times enter upon such leased land, but soasnot unnecessarilytointerfere withor jmpede (bp roads of the lessee or lessee. ' False Pretences. — On Friday mprning, at the Police Co'uft, before (lie". P.M., Franklin Butler was charged with obtaining goods and money from Mr. J. Munro, by means of a value less pheque. The evidence for the prosecution havjng been completed, Mr, Fitsshardjpge who appeared for the accused Applied for a post ponement of the case for the attendance of a material witness for the defence. The post ponement was granted and the accused was ad mitted to bail. Mr. Fergusspp conducted the prosecution. Mineral Leases. — It is notified that rents of mineral leases for 1879 should be paid at the Trea sury on pi before the 30th of the present month. Insolvent Court.— A third meeting in the es tate of Frederick Ryp. oj/ Qlen Innes, will be held in Sydney on the 29"th instant. Government Land Sales. — On Wednesday, the 27th instant, a sale of Government lands will be held at the Court House, Glen Innes. A number of town allotments and county lots will be offered. Municipal Election.— The election of a can didate for the vacancy caused by the resignation of Alderman Jones took place at the Municipal Cham bers, on "Wednesday last. More than an ordinary amount of interest was manifested in the proceed ings by the ratepayers of Beardy. whose support seemed to have been freely canvassed by Mr, 8. J. Marshall in the interest of Mr. H. Webb, the suc cessful candidate. .... Shortly before 4 o'clock, the presiding officer (Mr. Mayor Maund) declared the state of the poll to be as follows Henry Webb, 88 ; Japses Joseph Matthews, 22 Thomas Doust, 17; T. H, Hennissy, 7: informal, 1 — giving a majority of 66 to Mr. Webb. The newly-elected alderman thanked the electors for having given their votes so largely in his favour, and said he should do' his best to do justice to the ratepayers generally. The School op Arts Land. — A requisition has been sent to the Mayor, asking that gentleman to conveqe a public meeting, to take steps to petition the Minister for Lands to have the vacant, piece of land in Grey-street, which has been dedicated to trustees for a School pf Arts, sold, and the proceeds handed over to the Corporation, so that that body might erect suitable buildings for a Town Hall on the land adjoining the present chambers. As mat ters now stand, the School of Arts site is neither useful or ornamental ; and it is quite evident there is no prospect of the property :being improved by the erection of a hall, for our townsmen seem to be utterly indifferent whether they possess sueh an in- - stitution or not. To our way of thinking, it would be best under the circumstances that the land should be sold. Occupying one of the best business posi tions in tqwn,'it would most likely bring a high figure, and if the proceeds were devoted to . the erec tion of a Town Hall, the Council would be plaoed in a position to bnild a very suitable edifice. It will be seen from advertisement that the Mayor has called a meeting for Friday evening next, to see what steps shall be taken in the matter, Free Selection.— On Thursday the following conditional selections were made at the Lands Office : — J. "Walsh, fiQ acres, parish Bloxsome ; Ben-' jamin Ezzy. 89 acres, parish Yarrowford ; R._ Blox some, 640 acres, parish Banger's Yalley. Lawyers v. Bankers— On .Wednesday after noon the return match at cricket (single wicket) between Lawyers and Bankers, took place, and re sulted in victory for tfie former, in one innings with 13 runs to spare. The following were the scores : — Lawyers : Wells, 10; Goodfellow, 3; Fergusson, 2 ; Fitzhardinge, 5 ; Weaver, 0— total, 20\. Bankers : First innings— Hill, Phillips, and Gibbs 0 ; Long and Tindle, 2 each — total, 4. Second innings— Long, 3 : Phillips, Tindale, Gibbs. and Hill, 0— total, 3. - Tne match was for anew ball. : ' Mountain view Estate.— We have been asked , to state Ihat the distribution, by lottery, of Mr. David Laird's property at Grafton has been post poned till the loth instant, when it will positively take place. There are nine prizes to be drawn, the principal of which is Mountain Yiew Estate, a verv snug property, valued at £1150. The small in vestment of 20s. in a ticket will eu title the holder to a chance of drawing this rich prize, Mr. Frank Marshall, stationer, has a few tickets pnbespplte, which will be for sale during the week. : The Daily Mail.— A deputation, headed by Mr- Dillon, M.P., recently interviewed the hon. J. F. Burns, Postmaster-General, upon the subject of a daily mail from Sydney to Glen Innes and Tenter- field. The Minister expressed himself favourably inclined to grant additional mail communication, but in the absence of an estimate of cost conld not give a definite reply to, the deputatjonists. It, therefore, remains for the townspeople to continue to agitate, and we doubt not if the matter is brought before the Postmaster-General in a persistent and energetic spirit, a successful result will accrue. The May Day Fete.— The preparations for this novel and interesting festival are proceeding vigor ously, and it is confidently anticipated that the affair will be a " big success." We learn that nnmbers of visitors from neighbouring towns will be present to witness the great event of the season, which is to come off to-morrow on the Show Ground. So much interest has been awakened in the public mind by the originality of the entertainment, that even in the metropolis, we understand, it has been talked about, and regrets expressed that the dis tance between Sydney and Glen Innes prevents many coming to see the fete. We understand the costumes are on a scale of regal magnificence, and the arrangements altogether of a most complete and artistic character. The charge for admission to the ground will he Is. We refer our readers to another column, in which the full programme will be found. Visit qf the Church of England Bishop. ur. Jt turner, ijisnop or ur&ttou; and Armidale, ar- rived '.from Grafton on Thursday. In consequence of a wish expressed by his Lordship that he should not be received with any - demonstration, the churchwardens and parishioners did not, as on former occasions, go to meet him. - On Friday (All Smnia- Day) .serrices were -held i& thb'Cfiiirch of the Holy Trinity.'; THe'ihfefipr of "the sacred edi fice, was chastely decorated over' the altar was a floTal' cross; the lamps were beau tif ally wreathed with green ; the text,- " All thy ; saints praise thee, O God," in white letters on a -red ground, was over the East window. The font, which was filled with white flowers, bore a white- cross on one panel. The general effect was very pleasing. Matins and celebration of Holy Communion -formed the morn ing service at. 10.30, the.Bishop being the celebrant. At evensong, the chnrch was crowded in every available space, and temporary seats were placed in the aisles, whilst a large number of people were unable to get inside the doors; J TfieWrvice, which was full choral, was conducted by the Rev. W, H. Cooper, and the sermon was : preached by the Bishop. After the 3rd collect, the hymn " Come Holy Ghost," was snug, and the office for adminis tration of the holy rite of confirmation was begun. The upper part of the church, where the candidates for thp ' laying on of hands" were placed (the fe males all dressed in white and wearing caps), pre setted a most interesting and striking appearance. There were 43 candidates, 27 female and 16 male, being the largest number ever before confirmed at once in Holy Trinity Church. They were nearly all of mature age, many married people being amongst the number. The service was most solemn and impressive. Each candidate, was led to the Bishop bingly by the Rev. Mr, Cooper, who knelt down beside each one and joined in the prayer. The rite of confirmation ended, the hymn " Soldiers of Christ" was sung, which was followed by a ser mon of great power and force from the Bishop in which he dwelt upon the scriptural and apostolical authority for confirmation, and explained what beqefits might be expected from coming rightly prepared. Some of the common sins of which peo ple are constantly guilty, such as neglect of prayer love of dress and finery; slothfulness, and sins of impurity, were pointed out, and his Lordship con cluded with an earnest exhortation to those present to be more regular and frequent in their attendance at worship on the Lord's Day and other days ap pointed by the Church, and especially to regularly come to lloly Communion, The services concluded with singing of the hymn « Tfiine for ever, God of love," and the Benediction. Oh Sunday early cele bration Of the communion was held at 8 o'clock- Matins and Litany -at 11,' apd Evensong at 7 30 The Bishop conducted the services, and preached both in the morning and evening. The church was crowded ou both occasions. The Bishop announced that the ceremony of consecrating the Church of England , cgmetery would he postponed until his return from Tenterfield. : Express Van. — Messrs. Cobb and Co. have sig nified their intention to fun an express van weekly between Tamworth and Glen Innes. Such a mode of conveyance will prove a great convenience to our business, as any ordinary parcel pf goods can be brought from Sydney in from, seven to eight days. The van charges from , the train vyill be at the rate qf £14 per ton. V Bishop Turner. — The Lord Bishop of Grafton and 4rtnidale will preach at the service to be held at Dundee on Thursday, 7th inst., at 3 p.m.. and at Deepwater Station the same evening at 7,30 p.m.. On Dit.— That Mr. Rodgerson, who is leaving the district, is shortly to be appointed as a Clerk of Petty Sessions and Land Agent. Municipal jCouncil. The regular monthly meeting of the Council was held yesterday afternoon, at \yhich his worship the Mayor and Aldermen 0'Hara, Marshall, Sully, and Webb were present. A large amount of business was transacted, the principal being with reference to a daily mail via Brisbane, a proposed loan from the Colonial Treasurer of £1000 ; repairs to the creek on the Red Range road ; and the Council Clerk was authorised to make arrangements with Mr. John Dillon, to obtain the conveyance arid deeds of the Council property in Grey-street, Glen Innes. , 