A LOVE ROMANCE. HIS GENIUS. (By our own Story Letter.) CHAP. IN. A young man whom nobody knew, and whom nobody wasn't much out of pocket by in conse kence, strode wildly, 2 steps at a time, through one of the principle streets of Melbourne, with his deerskin mantle a flying in the breeze. It is he. It is Percival Penwiper himself, on his way to the " Eagle" newspaper house, with his latest poetry, under his arm. He arrive at the print- ing of 5s, and was showed into the sentimental editor's crib by a stray " devil" who had asked his face a purses to give our hero, or any other sentimental man some inkling of Dante's Inferno in his interiors, on his beholding the site of him. " How are you, O'Meagre," Bed the editor, as the poet inserted himself in the doorway. " My soul's unruffled," see our here and he felt that his body would'nt be the worse of something to eat. He smiled poetically at the Editor, and put down his latest. The editor took it, read it, stroked his beard, felt awkward after, for seed had a shave, hummed, showed, looked up at the sealing for a cobweb inspiration, cleared his throat, and keep down to the pint. " Take a chair," said he to the poet " You're aware, Penwiper, this sort of thing is getting done up." "What?" inquired the man of genius. " Sentiment, my dear Sir, sentiment is. It's all trash ; you know that well snuff, and we find its getting played out. We haven't many sentimental subscribers, but for the sake of the few we keep you on. " Oh, deer," and the poet as he hove a sigh, " Is the world, then, so blind and infatuated, or is it so heartlessly drew, a purpose, that it don't recognise genius ? Here (suiting the action to the words he struck his manly buzzer, which wanted its dinner. The editor was very sorry so he used. He screwed his face up into neuralgic passes, in order to prevent an every-day smile. He drew out a check for a guinea, which he handed to the pole with the sensible advise to go in for the counting house, and chuck up genius. "Omega" took his check, escaped from the office, and brought his " unruffled sole" back to his top-story lodging and realities grim, stern realities, such as rent to pay and nothing to eat in the house. Penwiper sent out the servant gal, and brought himself a dinner which he eat. He was busy discussing his meets in this manner, when a knock him at his door. " Come in," he shouted and in walked or rather stalk- ed, not the servant gal with sum more things nor the landlady for the rent-or the hundred other dreaded visitors which flashed across the poet's brain but a gentleman with a card. The card was inscribed " Mr. Nickel by Nil." The poet immediately arose and installed his visitor in the split-bottomed chair which graced his ap partment and on which he had been seated. After the surprise of the moment, which KUH sisted in looking for a plate, or a horse whip in his visible person, the poet nerved herself enuff to say, ' ' Good morning. '* ( It was 4 o'clock p. m. ) Mr. Penwiper," see Mr. ii ii, in a reassuring tone, " I oughter be angry with you, but I'm not, because you're poor, and I was poor once, myself. My darter has confided to me her affec- tion for you, and it you were not a poet which is first cousin in law to an assistant had something to show to your credit in your Bank, she mile have her own way. But you haven't anything, and now I'm going to give you a good chance. I'll give you a seat in my counting house. "And betray my geniuses send the youth ; ' ' chuck up being a poet ?" " And cease starving, young man," said the Banker. Visions of good dinners and a heiress floated before the poet's brain es. He made up his mind. "Well, sir," said he, " I am profoundly sensible of your good- ness, and I'll accept the post, and also to poetry " And poverty, too," see the Banker. CHAP. V. It is the same room in which Miss Augusta Nil told her papa of her affectionate regard for Mr. Penwiper. Mr. NU is there, or rather Papa Nil, Esq., and Miss Nil is there also. She is reading the column of " death in the morning, paper, and darting reproachful glances at papa. She reads aloud Died at Marlton villa" "What are you reading, that for, child," sed the Banker. " I'm looking for his dear, papa. " Omega" must be ded. It's 2 weeks since he sent anything to the Eagle, and, oh cruel papa, it is you who knew him." "Is that all? sed Papa Nil ; "well, you're wrong for once. '. Omega" is at present down in yon counting house, totting up Je. s. d. for a living, and a very good living it is too,- better than a poet's." " impossible, papa surely no, " cried Augusta. " But, if so I give him up. A mean contemptible every-day critter, after all I Oh, Omega, the Death itself were better than this. What an ig- noble ending. His genius degraded to the Mount- ing house ! He never had any ? No : he was a sham genius, that was all. I never loved him, papa." [Curtain drops.] CHAP; VI. " All's well that ends well." -SHAXBSPEBB. Nothing, better than £10,000. [This, the reader will understand when he's finished this chapter.! Five years have rolled past, and Percival Pen- wiper got less of a pole every day, according as the balance to his credit grew bigger and bigger. Miss Augusta is still unmarried. She's waiting for " Omega" to return to poetry and starvation. This, there is no immediate prospect of his doing. She will never have him, though, until he became true to " his genius" again. She never went near the Bank, nor that " odours chief clerk." One day, however, her papa got indisposed, as Mrs. Gamp would say, and asked no less than Miss Augusta to go down with some important papers-the value of several thousands. Of course she went. She arrived at the Bank, and entered its common-place and un romantic portals. The clerk showed her into the manager's room, and in walked the manager, happy, fat, and contented. Oh, dear, what a common-place being that the young lady. Bizness, however, was what she came for, so in a few haughty words she explained why she honored him, and placed the bundle of valuable papers for his inspection. Penwiper had a comical look on his face as he undid that parcel. But, imagine gentle reader, the look of horror with which the manager gazed at its con tents. Clippings and cuttings of verses from newspapers, by sum poet called "Omega," met his view ! But no money ! He looked up at the young lady. " There is sum mistake, Miss," sed he. She was as pale as a ghost, and he had only just time to jump up, to save her from falling and causing a concussion of the floor. She recovered herself though ; she would not give him the pleasure of fainting in the arms of a bank manager. If he was a poet, it would be different. When she recovered her brother she exclaimed, " Oh, Mr. Penwiper, I've lost all that money ! I've given it sum young man (who said he keen from the publishers) instead of these clippings. They are the thaws in verse of a poet whom I liked very much as a poet-and I was going to have them bound. Oh dear! oh dear ! Now that I think of it, I verily believe that young man, did not belong to the publishers, five never seen him there, and oh, dear me, oh, dear me, here's robbed me,, of all that money £10,000 pounds, I think papa said." " I'm afraid, Miss," send the manager seriously and not to be too poetical- it's a " clean sell. about. " Smith," said he, to a clerk, in debit my account with JBÍO.00O, and bring down the., bay- ance giving the clerk a wink " The balance sir," and the clerk, as he ruled off is-Nil." Well bring that down to his credit, ' said Miss Augusta, as she gave the manager her hand. " Beer Percival," see she, I forgive you. I see, now, poetry was not your genius." " Deepest Augusta," sea the Manager, keeping hold of her wrist, " since you forgive me, may I plead as of old?" "Yes," said she. "And we're on the same footing as best meen you'll reward: my life with your hand as you promised me in days of yore ?" < [Tableau !] They were married. That bank does a good business still, and there's a few more Penwipers now in the establishment than there used to be. CHAP. VII. I should leave off here. It wood go again my conscience, though, to leave all that sentiment on the minds of my readers, I therefore, in conclusion, offer a number of suggestions as to how it keen to pass that everything wound up so well. Did Papa Nil, Esq. get really ill on that particular day he sent his darted down to the nk, or was he only pretending ? Did Papa Nil, Esq, have the 2 wrappers, one containing money and the other '? Omega's" writings altered by Miss Nil's made, whilst she was out of the room ? and Miss Augusta make the mistake in consequence ? Did the young man from the publishers take the money straight to Mr. Penwiper and get upon his customary stool ? Did Mr. Penwiper wink at the clerk to say " Nil" was the balance, and had he more than a couple of thousand, at the most, to give away ? Did Mr. Penwiper leave his wife in the dark about it, or did he ever tell her and put up with the cease sequence? I'm very sorry if this chapter has spiked the sentiment in the foregoing one, but I can't let peeped be under a wrong impression. This ends the history of " HIS GENIUS." 