? WHEN GEORGE THE THIRD WAS KING. The pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different from those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to witness, and the march, or rather, full gallop of intellect has produced wondrous changes. The old, quiet, respectable, dull, slow, humdrum routine has given way to thé fast railway pace, and those that do not go ahead are considered " regular mufls." In bygone times no young lady could be seen abroad except under the surveillance of a rigid chaperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in prospective existence, and, had they existed, no well-bred married or single woman would have entered them. There were few female equestrians, or, as the late Charles Matthews called them, " s7ie- questrians," to be met with in the parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk in the square or Kensington Gardens, attended_ by a maid ; an hour's practice on the pianoforte, a dancing or drawing lesson, occupied the time until the ghost of a luncheon—cake and home-made wine —was announced. Then a drive in the heavy family coach in Hyde Park, between Apsley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the afternoon's amusement. Five o'clock tea was unknown ; and at six, or half-past six at latest, and that only in ultra- fashionable houses, dinner was on the table—a plain substantial meal, as unlike the patrician feasts of the present day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old flint and steel fowling-piece is to the modern breech-loader, as the Hampton Court holiday van is to the Queen's State Carriage, or any other comparison that may suggest itself to my readers. An occasional visit to a private box at Covent Garden or Drury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the public boxes were deemed only fit for the plebeians), or an evening at the King's Theatre, where la crème de la _ crème gathered to talk, and receive visits in their boxes, more than to enjoy the strains of a Catalini, Grassini, or Naldi. With the exception of a children's or young persons' party to Astley's or Sadler's Wells, no other minor theatre was ever attended by the female aristocracy. The balls generally commenced at ten o'clock, seldom lasting later than one, lemonade, orgeat, white wine and port negus, tea, cakes, and the smallest, thinnest sandwiches, were all the refreshment the tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long tedious country dance, or graceful minuet. What a contrast does this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season 1 Let me give in the form, of a fast young lady's diary :—"Called at ten. Read the Morning Post; breakfast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing-room. Twelve—horses at the door—a ride in Rotten Row until half-past one, when, as horsey cousin Frank said, 'all heads were turned to the manger,' Anglice luncheon. Luncheon at two, first-rate Badington and champagne cup well iced. An hour or two at Prince's, four till seven a drive in the park. Dinner half-past eight, ball at twelve, sitting-down supper, soup, etc., champagne ad libitum. Cotillion at halfpast three, home at four." — Fashion Then and Noiv, by Lord William Pitt Lennox. 