THE BIBLE RKVISERS. (Catholic Review.) IT is reported that the commission of Protestant eeholars who have been for some years sitting at Westminster engaged in the work of " revising" the Bible, are approaching the end of their tatk, and that the fruit of their labours will soon be given to the world. It is not surprising that men who have undertaken to reform the Church of God, should be willing to reform also the written word of God. Their ancuBtors were fond of this amusement, and the forty-eight English scholars and ministers who Bpent three years—irom 1606 to 1609—in manufacturing a version that would be acceptable to their royal xnaBter, King James I., did not hesitate to strike out the whole of seven books which are as canonical as Genesis or the Goppels; to eliminate certain chapters or partB of chapters from other books; to falsity the meaning of sentences which militated against their notions of what the Holy Ghost should have Baid, but which they did not dare to expurgate altogether. The Old Testament, as settled by the Holy Council ci Tient, more than three hundred years ago, and'forty years before the forty-eight scrvantB of King James mutilated it, consisted of forty-six books; they struck out the books of Tobias, Judith, Wisdom, Ecolesiastious, Baruch, and the two. books -of Machabees ; they omitted six entire, chapters and ten verses of another ohapter of the book of Esther; and two chapters., from the book of Daniel, The knowledge of these faots is not generally diffused among even' intelligent Protestants. It. is true that the Bibliolatrywhich formerly prevailed, among' them has, to a great extent, given piaoe to «onfuBed doubts and contemptuous indifference. An acute Protestant writer has lately said that belief in the plenary inspiration of the Bible existed at present only among the ignorant and simple-minded of the sects. He had the grace to add .that; so far as he knew, this septioum was not shared in by the theologians and the learned among the Catholics. In this opinion he was quite oorrcot. Every Catholic, learuwi<ii Simple; knows that the Bible is the Word of .God; lite ground for -this belief, however, has nothing to do with literary criticism, historical evidences, or private opinion: he knows it simply bec&use; the Church "iplls" him so. But Protestant parsons and 'professors ,p)ok to pieces this portion or that" portipntjof; the SonptareB; one of them prdnbupoe.B tjb^t Deuteronomy is a forge» ; janother^hiV:the -Oaii1a4le oiSOsntioles iU^it ji; olithev ^M.In'Je^^js^t^e account of the Creation in Genesis is wholly irreconcilable with what tbey assume or sappose to be the facts of science. But the ordinary Protestant layman, living in good faith, still accepts the mutilated and mistranslated version of the Scriptures, prepared by King James' servants, as the whole and true Bible, and although he would be pnzzled to give a reason for this aoeeptanoe, he holds the book in reverence as the word of God. What he will say to the new version with which he is shortly to be presented by the Westminster translators—one of whom, by the way, is an avowed disbeliever iu the divinity of Christ—remains to be seen. No official report of the work of these translators has as yel been pnt forth, but we judge, from oertain hints that have appeared from time to time in a well-informed London journal, that they have not been at all chary in cutting and slashing away at those portions of the Soriptures which form the hitherto accepted Protestant Bible. It is probable that only one further omission of an entire book will be attempted, but it is said that a note will be prefixed to the book of Deuteronomy, stating that it is a forgery, and that although it purports to have been written by Moses it was really composed seven hundred years after his death. Many of the Psalms will also be stigmatised as apocryphal, and the Song of Solomon—the Canticle of Canticles—will probably be suppressed altogether. On the other hand it is understood that many of the glaring errors of translations in the King James' version will be amended, and that the passages in question will be rendered as they are in the Douay version. We are by no means responsible for the aocuraoy of these reports; but there iB no reason why they should not be true. Protestants have always done as they pleased in their revisions and translations of the Bible ; they have always left out what they did not like, and given false interpretations to passages that were too plainly Catholic. As we are writing about Bibles we may remind our non- Catholio readers that no less than seventy different editions of the entire Bible, as Catholios now possess it, had been printed and published |in the vernacular tongues before the dawn of the Reformation, and with the approbation of the Holy See, of the bishops in whose dioceses this work was done, and in one instance at least, in Spain in 1478. with the formal permission of the Inquisition. A full version in Latin waB published at Metz in 1455—77 years before Luther's Bible appeared. Latin versions of the entire Bible were also rapidly published as follows—at Bamberg in 1461; at Bome in 1471; at Lyons in 1471; at Venice and Naples in 1476 ; in Holland and Spain in 1477; in Bohemia in 1488; in England in 1535; in Ioeland in 1551; in Poland in 1563; and in Russia in 1581. The earliest versions in Italian were published simultaneously at Bome and Venice in 1471— these paesed through no less than thirteen different editions before 1625, and eight subsequent editions were printed during the next forty-two years. These were all published with the express approbation of the Holy Office—tbey were full, complete, and faithful translations. Three other Italian versions, equally accurate, appeared at Venice in 1538,1546, and 1547. The earliest complete version in German was printed at Leipsio, in 1466, seventeen yearB before Luther was born ; others followed so rapidly that there had been at least twenty different editions published in Germany before " that biggeBt blackguard Europe jpver produced," as we heard him described the other day, saw the light. Some of the more famous of the older German translations are thuee of Wittenburg, Nuremburg, and Cologne, 1470; Strasburg, 1470; Wittenburg and Nuremburg, 1473; Wittenburg, 1490; Lubeck, 1494; and Haberstadt, Mayence, and Basle, in 1517-1522. The first complete translation into French was that of Des Moulins, published at Lyons and Paris in 1478, and passing through sixteen editions; this was followed by the version of Le Fevre, in 1512. This went through no less than thirty-nine editions. In the English language there is a complete translation, dated 1290; and in Flemish one written in 1210, and printed in 1475\. Our present English version is a translation from the Latin Vulgate, which was lendered from the original Hebrew and Greek by St. Jerome, towards the olose of the fourth century. It is the best and most perfect of all the versions now extant. _ The King James' version, as we have said, is not only defective, but abonndB in grosB perversions of the original text in matters affecting dootrine. 