BEND1G0 ROWING CLUB'S REGATTA. \- — — Starter, Mr. W. Burrowes; judges, Messrs. Maynard and Lohman; referee, -Mr. G. Bain; secretary, Mr. C. G. Emmett. Yesterday afternoon the animal regatta held by tlia above club took place on the Lower Grassy Flat reservoir. The weather was de lightful, and although tlio attendance was not so large, nor the contests so keen, as usual, a fairly enjoyable afternoon was spent. The water in the reservoir at the present time is very low, and tends greatly against the success of the cluk Of course a display of really first class sculling cannot bo expected ou such a small sheet of water, as the men '-.ave hardly settled down to their work before they have to round a buoy; some of the competitors, how ever, showed very good form, and when the next regatta is held 011 Like Weeroona, no doubt some exciting struggles will be witnessed.. A great improvement to these gatherings—which are really very pleasant, and it is to be regretted they do not take plaeo oftener—would be a baud of music, and '.villi the number of bauds 011 Sandhurst it is a pity same of the members of one of riiem do not go in for treating the public to a specimen of their abilities on suoii occasions. For the first event started—the Junior Soulls— there were three entries, but as the club havo only two boats it hail to be rowed in heats. Harrison, who was the favorite, was the lirst to take the water, and rowing pretty easily, rounded tho top buoy ahead, led up, and passed the starting point several lengths ahead, when Enuuett, wiio is oniy a novice at the work, finding he had no chance of winning, gave up, and Harrison finished alone. l'iie other competitor entered—M. .\l'>ran—de clined to compete against the \uiu:gs:c:', and, therefore, Harrison gets tho prize. Tho next event—the Senior Sculls—brought >>ur. four entries, Stephens and Sciallero being the first pair started. Stephens was the tirst to get off, and putting on a spurt, he drew a-.vay from his opponent, and led the tirst round by about two lengths. At the starting place lie increased his advantage, turned the buoy, and wa< away before Scia'lero got round. Stephens maintained his advantage, and eventually won by about three lengths. Goodisson had rather an easy tiling ou with Moran, who has only been train ing for about three weeks, and although he rowed very gamely he never had the ghost of a. chance against such a crack sculler as Goodis-'on, who won as he liked. For the tiual struggle between Stephens and Goodisson there was a. good deal of speculation, the latter being slightly in most demand. A good Stan was effected, and although Stephens - was the first to catch the water, Goodisson, gained on him in the first run down and rounded the top buoy nearly a length ahead. Siiortlv after this, however, he ceased rowing, and Stei'liens tinis)>t)d the distance by himself. Guoilissuu paddled iu, and said that ho got a t.mcJi of sunstroke wlnlst rowing in the previous heat, and could not continue the race. A pair- oared raca was rowed by members of the cluh only, over forty years of age> for a handsome silver cup, the gift of Mr. Lagogiaunis, of the Freemasons' Hotel. Coll cutt and Lohman, who had the near side, were the fir3t away, and they maintained the lead throughout, defeating \V. Read and Stoueman easily by about half-a-dozen lengths. For the four-oared race three crews entered, but it was rather a one-sided affair, as Stephens's crew were too much for either of the others, whom they defeated easily. Annexed is the result of the different events: — OCKion Scolling Race.—Open to members of the Bendigo Rowing Club only. silver trophy. F. Harrison, 1; F. iimmeu, 0; M. Moran, withdrawn. SKNioit ScuLu.sc? Raw:.— Open to members of any rowing olab. Prize, a liumum.-iii! silver cup, \Y(tl\ ilu;cription, value 5 guineas, l-.t J. Stephens beat S-'iallero;. *2i:>i heat, I iu niir'soa heal Moran; final htrat, Stephens i<v-i\S (roodis son. P.vik Oared Race, for members t>r e;iil> only, over 40 years prize, silver cup, tins c,ft of Mr. Lagogiannis.— Collcutt and Lull man, 1 ; Stouenian and \V. Read, 0. SiV.atck Fours.—For members Beiuligo Hawing Club only; prize, trophies. J. Stephens (stroke), fl. Alaynard, F. Sciallero, <;. Tew—1. E. Collcutt (stroke), \Y. Mappin, \Y. Iterul, and C. Etnmctt—0. G. Bain (stroke), M. Monm, J. Lohinan, C. L. Stoncmnn—0. 