IRELAND THE BISHOP OF OSSOBY ON THE PEBIL8 AND T&ICMPH8;^|OF THE IBI8H OHUBCH. The most Rev. Dr.:Moraa, Bishop of Ossory, lately preached iat the consecration of the new high altar in ;the beautiful new church offiti Canice, Aghabbe, the erection of' which- is due chiefly to thb energy of the patriotic P.P. ^Father Matt Keeffe-Wetaketbe following from the Freeman's report ol his lordship's discourse:—^ The Jeafct'oJ ;the """ dedication of - 1 Ireland's _____—_ -'Vurches.led them tp fathers ,prayed. .It brought- themfback to the first .altan orectedbytheir great Apostle, St. Patriot, whec t bearing- the divine i eommiSBian. from 1 - the ioly city irottt '>t3ie MfaetfMr-tff Bt. aim -Mfeii' sfroHir>*&#*<• ^ftaSHHBesi^fife itM*r9 dfHMd f^MailnBtfeniSecE alltho blgs&figS; of God-were poured oat upon their nation, and well might -they exclaim with the' Psalmist, 'He hath hot shd#si 1 8uch mercy to every" nation.' They were told that St. Patrick erected no fewer than 300 altars and churches throughout the length and breadth of the land; that to each of them he consecrated a bishop and ordained holy priests that they might dispense the Bread of Life to his spiritual children. And it was thus that churches and altars were multiplied throughout their country until every chosen spot upon their green hills orin their smiling valleys was ornamented by some church, or monastery, or hermit's cell—some retreat or sanctuary dedicated to God; and every blessing of heaven was poured out without measure upon their nation, and even distant countries saluted their country as a nation of saints. Other countries might point with pride to the long roll of saints which they had added to the Church's calendar. The Anglo-Saxon Church had her royal virgin saints ; France had her glorious confessors and her heroic missionaries; Spain was justly proud of her illustrious founders of religious orders, and of her learned pastors; Italy might justly point to that countless army of her white- robed martyrs; but it was the special glory of Ireland—it was, so to speak, the distinctive feature of their Church's sanctity— that the Divine spirit of holiness was poured out upon their whole nation. Young and old, rich and poor, the virgin in the cloister, and the matron at her own fireside, the holy priest within his sanctuary, and the sons of toil at their respective pursuits in life—all emulated the heroism of their apostle, and peraeveringly pursued the paths of perfection, This sanctity of our country overflowed distant lands, and well was it for Europe that God had prepared the Church in Ireland as a secure home and asylum for civilisation and religion. Wave after wave of barbarism passed over the fairest countries of Europe, bearing nothing but the wrecks of institutions and civilisation to mark their onward course ; but from our country the heroes of faith went forth, troops of holy men, to win back all these nations to the fold of Jesus Christ. His lordship recalled the labours of St. Feargal on the Rhine, of St. Gall in Helvetia, of St. Columbaous in Brittany, and of St Comgall in Franconia, and said it was in these early ages of our country's glory, foremost among those heroes of oar holy faith, that their own great patron, St. Canice, flourished. He was born in the commencement of the 6th century. From his childhood be was marked out by Providence as a child of grace and predilection. In his youth he pursued the paths of piety, not alone in the great colleges at home, but also in the monasteries of Wales, which were then famous for the perfection of their religious life. His lordship traced the course of the close friendship between St. Canice and St. Columkille—their joint labours in the conversion af the Picts, and their part in the great convention at Drumcerth, where all the princes, bishops and clergy of Ireland assembled to deliberate on many things important to the welfare of the Church and people. Among the institutions which sprung forth from the zeal and piety of St. Canice, the first and foremost was the great monastery of Aghaboe, which he founded here amidst their forefathers. For a thousand years this great monastery flourished here amongst them, and well might St. Canice have prophetically foretold that countless as the flowers of the rich meadow of Aghaboe would be the troops of saints and of holy men abiding in its cloisters. But it was not only those churches of their early ages of die faith that they commemorated to-day. There were other altars, too, at which their fathers wept and prayed. If it was the destiny of their country to enjoy for centuries a period of peace and glory, when the blessings of heaven wer6 poured down upon these people; she was destined, also, to take her share in sufferings and humiliation for conscience' sake. The ruins of their own great monastery at Aghaboe—those silent cloisters, with their tottering gables..and their vacant windows sobeautifulintheir tracery—not only told them of the artistic beauties and of the architectural glories that once adorned this chosen spot, but told them' also, with much more force and eloquence than feny words of his could command, of the furyof the storm that mercilessly raged against the faith of their forefathers. At the bidding of a lawless monarch, atempest swept oyer the land, reljgion was banUhed, science w^a exiled, andso daxkian'd>soileep mate the ckmds'tbst gathered roundtheir country that it tteetoedssif <ao light boot heaven ft&ifiSupdfa; tfaorafeople df'radness'iHMl'iiges^f not ; ]mbtr ;-tb& in..pnt ajt CJhrJ^t^donitlMvcould el' <at£er for' the Meiit&ss; otjier eppintr ""id' ~ — unflinching heroism with which their people clung to the faith of their fathers. Bishops, priests, and people were condemned to imprisonment, to exile^ to slaughter ; yes, and many of them, too, mounted the scaffold with joy to pour out their blood for the faith and to .seal with their blood their undying attachment to the faith of their fathers- There was a price set upon the head of every priest, the same price that was offered for those wild beasts that then prowled throughout the desolate land. It was treasonable even to offer "a day's shelter to one of these persecuted priests. There was a large price, a sum equivalent to about £200 a year at the present day, offered as an annual sum to any priest that would apostatise; but, glory be to God! such apostate priests were sought in vain in the ranks of the Irish priesthood. They read of one vtinerable priest, bent down with years, bare- footed and bare headed, with a rude staff in his band, wbo went around from district to district to evangelise the people. His only book .was a little catechism, and with that in his hand, on the roadside or in the fields, he gathered the people around and explained to them the truths of heavenly love. Again, they were told by one of their bishops, writing to the Holy See, that such was the misery that had fallen upon his diocese that for four or five months of the year the clergy had nothing but a little barley bread and water for their maintenance. Oh! it was no wonder that such heroism of their clergy (for, despite their misery and their sufferings, they laboured as apostles to break the Bread of Life to their people), it was no wonder "that this heroism should endear the clergy to their faithful people— no wonder that between the pastor and his spiritual flock those enduring bonds of affection and of love should grow so dear that no sort of persecution could ever sever them. Then, what should he say of the sufferings of the devoted people for the faith ? Recalling some of the chief enactments of the hideous penal code, He said strangers were invited to our country, and the richest emoluments and the highest honours were offered to them. Protestants were invited from Germany, Huguenots from France, Calvanists from Scotland; and while every post of dignity, honour, and emolument was offered to these, an Irish Catholic could not aspire even to the least office in his native land. It was not permitted to the- Irish Catholic even to be a private soldier in the army. When confiscated lands were offered for sale, he could not even purchase one single acre. When by his labour and by his iodustry he succeeded in realising some little profit to himself from the lands he held, if his profit ever reached one-third of the rent he paid, the first Protestant that passed by could serve him with an ejectment and enter into possession of his holding. It was not lawful for a Catholic parent to send bis. children to a Catholic school. It was penal for a Catholic schoolmaster to presume to keep a school, and, the better to insure the enforced ignorance of our people, it was made penal even for the children of Ireland to go to distant lands to satiate their thirst at the sources of knowledge. If the father of a family apostatised he was at once assigned a pension for seven years, to be levied on the Catholics of the district. If a child apostatised the parents could no longer dispose of a single item of their property, and that pervert child was entitled to the whole of the parental inheritance, and all the other children were left Unprovided for. And yet, despite all these threats and humiliations, and sufferings, the people clung to their faith, and suffered all with joy rather than renounce it. If bright was: the glory which their sainted fathers woh for them in the eaily ages of the Church, not less glorious was the heroism of their suffering fathers during the age of persecution, and at the close of that era of suffering even the persecutors themselves were forced to cry out, ' Israel has multiplied in chains.' Where .Wjere the cburche? and where were the altars at which their fathers prayed during this sad and dreary era of persecu- • tion ? The house of God in these days had ho other canopy but the broad .expanse of heaven. The Church of God nad'no other ornament in those days but the bold Bctoef y of our native land,; th» green 1 freshness of our fields, and'; the deep^glpry of our forests. The altar of God iu,thos& 'days/ was ierected' oh the b>lt8id.e\ or ' in'tfae fastnesses ofthe .mountain's. His 'l^rtlsbip' ^ameinberea Jiigng Jpld^ttyk jhany ireart 'fl^fcrjl* tljat tne most aged; of the 0hur£n*f jteaV&toretmt; .ismidstthewiM sceafcryof Dgabgalit t&e; feitKfuli Ms^tsbled to atest aktdU* %oly nrprttt&s; If they v*aerafed J fcfce ffitftrs 3 at : which -their ; sainted - tdSbtiOi oi iK^samem prayed ; if they loved those wondrous edifices which their piety erected to the glory of God, oh! they most venerate too those spots which were hallowed by the prayers and by the tears of their Buffering martyrs. He would not detain them now by dwelling upon the blessings which they might hope for from this unparalled heroism of their fathers, for they might rest assured that the blessings of heaven would be abundantly poured out upon their people. The comparative peace, and prosperity which now smiled upon their holy Church was but a harbinger and foretaste of the full measure of peace of blessing, and of joy, which should be granted to them and to their children's children. We are at present, hiB lordship concluded, in the second Springtime of our country's life, and rest assured of it that they who contribute to adorning the altars of God, who erect noble structures in His honour, or who contributf,to colleges or schools, are doing their part to bring in this long wished for and long promised age of prosperity and of blessings. Tou too, my beloved brethren, have done your part; you have done it nobly and well in erecting this beautiful structure to the glory of God, and contributing in so many other ways to promote religious education and the prosperity of. our people. Tour children's obildren, when they shall enjoy the hoped for era of blessing from heaven, will look back with joy and with pride to what you have done. Tour names shall then be as household Words, honoured at every fireside in this country. They shall be breathed with blessings at the altars of God, but, above all, your souls, in the enjoyment of that bundred-fold reward which is promised to the faithful children of Jesus Christ, sball rejoice before the throne of God for eternity; and this blessing I wifh you all in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. The Freeman reporter, referring to the new bigh altar, says:—''Lord Castletown has been a prince among the benefactors of the church. He contributed the fee-simple of an Irish acre of ground for the she. He contributed liberally to the building fund. He made a present of the altar rails, of rich suites of vestments, of the massive silver lamp which swinge before the high altar. But his crowning benefaction was the gift of the high altar itself, a magnificent mass of carved and polished dark oak, sculptured in an almost forgotten style of prodigal art in the tabernacle, the antependium, and the reredos. This was the rich table at which tbe Holy Mass was for tbe first time celebrated yesterday. The beautiful traceried window behind the altar is filled with a magnificent group of subjects in stained glass, all contributed by the munificence of Mr. Phelan, of San Francisco, in memory of old associations with the parish. The crucifixion is the central subject, and the Wealth of figures, colourB, and exquisite outlines is worthy of the happiest of the artist's handiwork (Meyer's, of Munich). Mrs. Graoe, of Gracefield, has contributed this lamp which hangs before what will yet be the Virgin's altar. 