ITEMS OF NEWS. \------o------ The nominations for the North-Western Pro- vince closed yesterday at six o'clock. Another candidate, Mr Wm. Edward Stanbridge, was nominated about four o'clock, so there are now three candidates to contest the vacant seat. They are the Hon. Francis Robertson, the retiring member; R. B. Tucker, Esq., of Malmsbury; and Wm. Edward Stanbridge, Esq, of Dayles- ford. The nomination takes place to day at noon, in front of the officeof the Returning-officer, who will then declare that the poll shall be taken on Monday week. A football match will be played at Newstead on Saturday, the 7th inst., between Castlemaine State school, No. 2051, and Newstead State school. At the Fryerstown Police Court on Tuesday, before Messrs J. and E. Rowe, J.P.s, C. Duus, of Golden Gully, was charged by the police with allowing an illegal game to be carried on in his public house. On pleading guilty he was fined L3 and 8s 6d costs. He was also charged with carrying on business on Crown lands without a license, and was fined LI, and 8s 6d costs. He was directed to take a license out at once. Mr Sharp, who has been employed' in the Post- office as a letter-carrier for 13 years and eight months, has been promoted to ' the position of sorter. After Mr Paton being transferred to' Melbourne, a junior was sent up from the ".head office to take his place, but he will how.be again removed, to allow of Mr Sharp occupying the position, .for, which lie is wejl qualified,' both by ability arid long experience'. V AYii \ iiesiduntB in the northern part of- the town complain sadly of the inroads' made up'on their proporty by cons - and goats. . A- well-known gentleman, living in Parker-atreet. informB ua that the other night a pow not only lifted the catch of his gate with her horns, but drew back the bolt. as well. A boy named John Twyford, aged 14 years, was brought to the hospital yesterday, When sinking a hole near the Eureka the windlass- barrel by some unexplained accident came off and fell down the shaft, striking the lad on the forehead and nose, breaking the bones of the latter. An acoident ocourred yesterday to a daughter of Mr Lindsay, while, she .was riding a young pony, which slipped, . and she wasfbrowh. heavily to the ground, Putting out .'her hand to save herself, it was greatly hurt,' arid the arm" being muah swollen',' there is probably-., one , Of the bonea of the. fore arm jjroken. A fire broke out at " Campbell's Creek about '4 o'clock yesterday morning, by which an eight- 'roomed weatherboard bouse was .'entirely oon- sumed. The origin of the fire oonidnot be as certained, ps, the house has been- empty for the -past week or two. Wheo the" fire-tras first dis covered it was aeeo that the flamea pama from the rear of the: building. ; The.propprtyylonged to i Mrs Rose, arid - jre upderstaud lit ivas in sured.. ;'"' . ; .The new State sohpol will be opened to- morrow with befitting o«remqny.: In the'morri- iug about 1300 scholars wili.be. drawn up', in two lines in Templetbri-atreot, and .tjiere await the arrival'of the train at lOp'elbck from Melbourne in whieh will be oonveyed tha Minister of Iri- Btruotion, the CpmpiiBsiqnpr of Publ;o , Works, and Professor Pearson. After tbeap gentlemen have been received, the scholars will march in procession, headed by the Borough Band, down Barker- Btfeet, along Lyttleton-atreot, and down Hargreave-streot to the' square, where they will: halt and re-form. They will afterwards maroh to the school, which will be opened at noon. After the sohool has been formally .opened, the chil dren will, repair to the Botanio Gardens, where they will partake of an abundance of cake, buns, and ap orange. The oare of providing these supplies has; been entrusted to Mr Annear, of Campbell's Creek. A holiday has been given to the four aohools within the supervision of the Castlemaine Board of Advice, and a holiday is proolaimod for the banks in a Supplementary Gazette, but that indulgence has not been ex-: tended to the officers in the Civil service. Ip the afternoon a banquet will be given by the Borough Council to the members of Parliament, the Board of Advice, and teachers, at the Castle- triaiae Hotel. Tickets can be obtained for it on application to the Town Clerk. ' Our Guildford correspondent writes;— "The miners of Fryers, and those scattered so far down as Strathloddon, who have always been oai-nest in their desire to have the Coliban water placed at their disposal for sluicing purposes, are. getting excited oyer the unnecessary delay. There is a coraplote consensus of .opinion among the miners that .very large areas about Fryers, Gorman. arid Mopuko Gullies, and Pennyweight ifi'llj'will pay extremely .well for years, and this view is supported by the trained calculations of Messrs Sankey and Gordon, as well as the more local authority of Meitra Amos au4 Brotyp, i : i . ; ; " l- mining surveyors. The money has been pppror priatod, and should at once bp applied in batting- tba necessary raoes. Work could bo given almost immediately to a largo number of men, and aB no adroitness oan disguise the faot of hard times among tho mipers, their representatives in tho Mining Board should move in tbo matter with oontinuous persistence, until the water is made available. Indeed tbo Mining Board has exerted itself, and deserves praise for itseiforte, as also do particularly the mining members of Fryers, but constant agitatipp would aopm to bo tba only means of eventual success and though disheartened, the Board must keep on, aDd they will be supported to a man by tho mining com munity. It ia singular that the waters of tho Coliban, intended to inaugurate a new ora on the goldfields, has Bpent itself in washtubB, and the watoring-troughs of publicans ; surely the time has arrived when, in the " interest of so great an industry as gold mining, the original intent of a vast ontlay shonld be utilised and conserved to its legitimate purpose." 7 : i 'i 7 One of the most amicable games of football partaken in by the Castlemaine 'Olab'Jor' the season was the return install! played/jsgajriit Sandhurst yesterday afternoon. It was expeolea after the matoh which took plaoe at Sandhurst about six weeks ago, that a -very rough game would be participated in, but owing to the fair, decisions of all tlie umpires; a very' agreeable matoh oamo to an end in favour of the loeal team, with three goals to nil: ' '-'At 3.15 a start was made, after Captains Aitken.and Jenkipson tossed for tfie choice of goal ; trie latter won, and deoided to kick with a .alight breea towards tho northern goal. Immediately upon 1 ho kick- off the ball was; taken to their ppponpnt'e/epd by the Castlemaine men, who kept it there nearly the whole of half-time,. Sandhurst; only getting the sphere twice behind the looal men's stronghold; Nothing of note . happened before the first hour's play, but shortly "after resuming when half-time had elapsed, Pefcival .kicked goal No. 1; this was shortly followed b'yariother brie by Matthews, who with a fine kick at rather an acute angle, Bent the ball through the posts. About ten minutes bad passed when the ball, which kept jeopardising the! tBendigoTstrohg- hoid, - was- again kicked by Matthews between the two uprightp. thus makirig tho. third goal. For " our-own" W. ,'and G. Aiiken, , Gpeen (2), Kin ross, Hobbs, ReeB, Oathoral), Bourne, Elsbury, and several more of thqeppjayers w|q.are always to- the front in the matches for the town, played splendidly; for Sandhurst. Woods, Storey, Dicka- sqn,and Buohan'played well, while the remainder; of the. team worked tooth and. npil,! bat had not a' ghost of a show for a goal. The central umpire, Mr Jones, was congratulated by Mr Jenkjnson, the Beudigo "qaptain, on his fair deoiBions during the matah. '- It- is worthy of note that not a single dispute qcourred duriog the dpy, showing that- a good feeling exists be-: tween the tir a olubs.: - 7 : ' ; ' !;7 '7: ! A seaman of tho Thomas Stevens . fell from i tho fore-royal mast- head ori . Tuesday ; on to; Circular Quay Sydney, striking'/ the" rigging in i hia deBqent. Both arms wore.'- broken," arid he j sustained other; severe - injuries: .He is in a precarious state. ' 7. .. . ' ! s. s I The! value of 'the imports ac the port; of Mel bourne daring the week' ending the 3Ut alt. amounted to L253,105. Of coals tlTe amount tisL9484 ; pottba'piece'. goods, tL19; 724/; Jgold L2C,925 ; rice, L12,870. ' 'The eXpotts f rom- the ports from the' /port during the same period -amounted to L93,793. They included — Horses, L4750"; Bugar,' rtfioed,' L5408 ; 'tea, L7I66 ; wooilen piece gqo.ds, 1)4,874,., " Mr John Daniel,- of Geelong, intends (says lbs Advertiser) to establish a woollen and oloth fao- tory on the southern slde of Williamstown, next to the baths, and faoirig Hobson's Bay. The faptory will be situated on six aores. of ground granted on lease by the Government. Mr Daniel1, intended ereoting the faotory on the Bank of thej Barwori River, 'the ' old Pound- paddock being considered the only site available. / I An acoident ocourred at Oglethorpe and Burn-! aide's claim, Eaglehawk, "on Friday, by which a! youth named Tsaiah Wanhop -sustained - serious' injury tq his face, arms and ohest, and a man named Ojlethorpe was out and burnt about thej head. The acoident opourred whilst ar.hols was) being oharged with powder, the oltarg'e explod- ing prematurely.- -Wanho'p's eyes are so badlyl injurpfLthat it iB faared he will lose the sight of one if not both. -.«» , Mr Hood, the well-known sheep- breeder, sus4 lained a heavy loss on Tuesday afternoon, when' the Lincoln ewe which took the champion and other prizes at the recent show held by the Australian Sheep Breeijerat\Aasoaiation, died of fatty degeneratiopiof. the liver. It was brought' to Bajl'srat, on - Monday night, pq he Star, for exhibition qt the', Sheqp Shp'jv, /apd .was placed in a horse bpx at Messrs EtteraharikJ'Eaglestond and Oo.'s yards. ' The animal was vary valuable and,30P/guiueas. would,:j.,we hear,. have been giyen fqr it last weekl '' ' | One of the arguments used bv persons a Loutit Bay towards induoing the Government tq have a jetty "construoted' in the Hay- , was tha vesjels would be thus eriabied (to,"load .timber for the Melbourpe and other markets. "'It is rather .Birigular. but neyartholesS'a fact (slates' the Geej- : long' Advertiser),' '''Mist .the- copt'rac.tpfs for the construction .qf;jtbe,jety.-l>iHlct'th'al;i1i£: will be cheaper for thamto gat ' (ha1" timber gfrom Tas- manja than from the'.Oape .Otway forest, the plaeje,'' it " was. said';' tha| would _ denuded in supplying timber . ito' all par js of the oolonyl " :;-q f'e\ I 1 " The Bullarook Forest dispute between An derson Brothers apId.'.MpaafS.Orowley and Fitz- Patrick, sawmillers, has broken out," asya the Bsllarat Star, " in a more malignant form! than ever, and if all that is stated be true, it1 behorep the Governpaont to step in at once and Bee that justiee is doo'e.' It is_ reported that, not contend with felling the timber arid allowing it to lie all around Messrs Orowley an'd FitzpalHck'a licens'ed blook of 1000 aores, Anderson Brothers' have a'o-! tually eriaro'aohed upon the former's ground-and felled trees that do not belong ' to them 'iri; a wholesale fashion'. ' In oonsequerioe'of1 fhe'"as- peot of affairs,' the Minister of Laqd j telegraphed : on Friday, to.- the , Minister of. 'Linda , bailiff i„at Daylesford to inqurie into the matter." j . A oqloured man named Lemuel 'Hudson was smothered oa-Tuosday afterhoori'b'yo' fill/in a shaft in :: erhioh:. he, waB .woiking . -among the old digginK8,.olose.tp the site qf.:the:Eurekq Stockade. The deceased and. a partner, says ; the Star, , had qunk a 25 -feet shaft in aqpae. rqtteo ground jnst a.t. the lont.of'.the rise on whijch'the old atookyard was built.;, Hfli was. drawing ;.t.he slabs, commenoiqg at the top, and ..way working a.t the. bottom of the' shaft when "the ground above, whioh had b'eori so'akod by tha late rains, fell in, qqmpletely burying, the poor! fellow. While- the! aooident' o6ourred at.3 p.ni.', it was wus not until 4 o'olock. that the police were in formed of the. occurrence, and as men oould not at (list be got to work for nothings-it was nearly 6 p.m. before the: labour ojE exofrvatio.n .com menced. i .Th'e ground ,wns .so, trqaoberpus.that it .was not , until . 9 o'clock: that .thej body was -found.' ! ' ; The Ararat AdyerUser ''writes :-f-" Our j loeal mining registrar was Bomewhahhohpluesed : last - week by a Obinamau, able 'to 's'peak' a little English, waiting on him for the 'purpose of re gistering the J qss-house at the Chinese Gamp under the residence area olause of the byo- laws; Tho applicant was desirous of having the same recorded in the name of Jobs,, as. an individual, but as tho names given were of extraordinary length and variety, without corporaiity, a com promise was eU'eoted -by the registration . being completed in tho name bf tho: fosident priost (for whom'a miner's right was takoniiint) somo- what to the chugrin of the interpreter,1 who argued Uiut tho clergy who administered to the religions wants of tho followers of- Ornfuoius were frequently shifted from one distriot to an other, ' all a eane.as Weileyau parsoas.' "A ' 7 The quarterly report of mining 'surveyors and rogiafrars.for tlio qoqrtjr ending 30th June wbb published on Tuesday. The yield of gold for the quarter is given as — 'alluvial, 64,933oz ; and quartz; 122,601oz. ; or a total of 187,694oz. Mr George Bowman, of Richmond, New South Wales, died on tho morning of tho 26th inst., at tho ndvanced ago of 84 years. IIb fm only three years of ago when ho landed in Syd ney, and was consequently 81 years in the colony. He was for many yearB engaged in pastoral pursuits, in which ho prospered, was a member of tho magistracy, and servod for several years in the Logielative Gounoil. A young man named Ephraira Rielipg, at wbrk as a carpontor in the Ono-and-AU Mine at Hiscook'e, was instantaneously killed on Mon day night by a piece of timber that was being lowered slipping and falling upon him, although it, was. supposed he stood clear of any. suoh danger. He was a recant arrival in the colony, and had very recently been engaged at the mine.,-. The ourator of intestate estates has obtained rules to administer the estates of the following persona Herbort Arthur Timbiiry, Ohuroh- stroet, Richmond, died December' 16," 1877, L22 ; Mary Ann Smith;" Kow Lppstip Asylum, formerly: of, Echuca, April '12, 1878, L55 15s 6d"; Frod'eriok Oakes, Stutt's Hotel, Melbourne, July 15, 1878, .LU 9s'; JohnjFagan, Little Onllins-ftreet eaqt,' Melbourpe, - July ;24, .1878, L13 8sl0d. < . 1 The first oootion of the Dunqlly to St, Arpaud Railway, -rfrom iQunolly to Bealiba, a djetanoq of 12 milea— rwae opened for traffic on Tuesday. Tho linq was comtnenced in March, and the seo- tionhas been' completed nearly a month ,wi|hio the oontra'ot time-=-a ciroumsiance which is due in a .great , moaaure to the easy nature of. the country.!/ The'bnly-intermecliote'Btatibn on the eeotiori.is that of Gld>brough. ; . The. 'whole of thelirie; which will be 33 miles in 'length, ia to" be /completed -'by the end of the , present y?a'r;3.";'.':, -V':' Tlie Bhipping Gazqtte of . July l cpnlains a brief but most:, hatrowing acoount of 'the Bnf-. ferings endured by a ' ship's ofew (as reoorded in i the- oap tain's log) 'during a. passsge from Cbefoo toithe Shanton Islands, as long . ago .ub September, '1876. The captain and all his men were found dead. i;The symptoms and progress of, the. fiiseaseipre .simply - but' aeourately .des cribed ni(he log, arid it (ap'peqrs that ignorance of.thp dountry. alone' oaused the miserable re sult' 'pf;' A very unusual voyage. : Yege tables; berries, '"(Sib.; abound on these islands; and bear's meat of good qualjty. may be procured in great abundance, as'lvell as sufficient firewood to last through even- a long winter. The railway from Sydney tq. North Wagga; whioh -is, 304 miles in:, length,. .waB'.' Ifcirmally openqd- on Tuosdpy at the, latter.: place, vin Vthe presence of about' 4000 spectators, 'inqjudjpg several members of the New South Wales' .Gjv- erriment arid Parliament. ' A banquet followed the cer.emony, and in. the evening a ball- waa held. Mr Sutherland said the Government in-, tended, to oonstrnot railways. to:s,ttach the trade pf.Rivefiaa to Sydney.- He.belie'ved that,- not withstanding the geographical advantages pos sessed by Victoria,- the liberal; fiscal policy of New South Wales would, with the aid of cbeap and .isteady; transit, make: Sy.4ney. 'ho ; best, quickest, and cheapest source of supply. ,The Telpgraph states that Mr Stacey, one of the Lands Department officials "engaged; iw'the Moore-Allan 'cqntrpyersy, is described .by Mr Mqqre.aB.an ehthusiaBt.with'th'e 'most'.qxtfaqr- diiisry hallucinations 'upon' subjects .'connected; with hie history. One. of these; narrated by Mr Moore on Tuesday in graphic ' language, is too gpod tp meet oblivion. He is under.lhe impress- ionthali he . met Mr Francis in Nataj aomp! years ago, though that gentleman then - bor,e,a'n.piher name ; that ;Mr Francis -had a wife andihi'rteeh ohilarenrat that time ; ' and - that : on', a certain day he .took them'qut in a boat; for a ; pionio, wb'en'a' squall came, on,' and he oame baok alone. '"He' said;"' mysteriously wbispered Mr Stacey lii: narratiog'this, " that the boat' upset,' and jtjiey 'were'all 'drofrhed." He said so; aridwhen ha ipet me :firstn; Melbourne; he denied having . ajet . biCore " aj»&g;|i X me,";: This is fiy ,, np . means one of,t|ie most curious incidents of the.sitting of . the/ qommia- sioo, Mr Franois, by the, by, has never, been in South Africa at all. , ' - , :!,.' ! . -/ A return was laid on the table of tfie Leeiela-: tive Assembly: on' Tuesday night Bh'owing / the: batak liqbilitiqs and' assets for the quarter ended ! 30th'Jqrie last. ' From'this dpcument it appearai pat the ripfes in. olrculatiori '''belbriging!:fq"the ' 'tlffrt'ee'q'' Banks of this oolony ' amount .to :L'90,'9P':'15s; the , bills filj' .plroulaitXp4aiihot; .hearing inlerpat to L64,22P, atid the bills, bear-/ ing.: intereBt tp L4845. Tho balance dua to; other , banks amount . in; the aggregate , to: L178,411. .Tho deposits not bearing; interest to. L4, 592, 092, . and . those bearing /interest , (oj LU., 398, 402.! ' The total liabilities' of the bankB ofj- ithe,; jaolbny- qre ' 'assets; show the. folio wing.. figures ; 70oibed gold anil: silver, ::&o.;, .L2, 028, 830 ; gold, and . siiyor in; bullion, L284.734 ; value of . landed . property: possessed by- the banks, L804,618 ; - notes and bills ' of other banks, L141,627 ; - balance due from otber 'banks, L230, 000 ; all debts :'duo! to 'the' .batiks,' L22( 476,592 ; total amount 'of : assets |tp t.h,e banks, 1,25,966,510.' The-'ambiirit -qfj .paid-up pqpital' stook i8';L9,094335; :,'and 'the !,ayerage pBroebtage paid is LlO 17-26, the .'total amount , of the last L524.366, whilst the total aqjoiint of ;ih'e,,re-S served profits at. the time when the diyidends; ..were, declared was L2, 664, 047,. 7 ! 