'JCelegpra/pliio. ¿ [OUR SPECIAL MESSAGE.] ? Lord Beaconsfield. LONDON, July 22. THE Premier, Lord Beaconsfield, in recognition of his services at the late Congress of the European Powers held at Berlin, has been invested by her Majesty the Queen at Osborne with, the Order of the Garter. The Army Reserves, LONDON, July 22. The Horse Guards authorities have issued orders for the early disbandment of the Reserve Forces. The Australian Cricketers. LONDON, July 22. The first innings of the Cambridge University Eleven closed for 255 runs, the following being the score : - Hon. A. Lyttelton. 72 Mr. Whitefield 55 Hon. E. Lyttelton. 15 Mr. A. Steel . 59 Mr. Jarvis ... 28 Mr. A. G. Steel 33 1 Mr. W. 0. Bligh. 21 Mr, Morton... . 12 Mr. Rigg. Mr. Ford. 22 7 Mr. Wood. 2 Sundries i 15 Total. And that of the Australian team C. Bannerman . Murdoch ... Horan . Spofforth. '... Blackham. Gregory .,. . Garrett . Bailey . Allan . Boyle .... A. Bannerman . Sundries 2 285 ' 12 47 0, 'is sold" 9' 1' . 7 ' Total Ill The bowling of the Cambridge men was most effective, but that of the Australians was knocked about considerably. The attendance at the match was enormous. The wickets were splendid. Weather hot. [REUTER'S AGENCY.] j THE ARMY RESERVE. LONDON, July 22. The Army Reserve Forces, which were recently called out, are to be disbanded on July J 31. -1 -?'' THE BERLIN TREATY. LONDON, July 22. Democratic meetings are being held throughout Italy in favor of claiming Trieste and the Tyrol district from Austria. ' THE KAFFIR WAR. LONDON, July 22. Latest advices from the Cape of Good Hope state that an amnesty has been granted to the Kaffir insurgents. PARLIAMENTARY. LONDON, July 22. In the House of Commons, Mr. A.M. Sullivan, M.P. for Louth, moved that a new writ be issued by the Speaker for Clare county, which, he stated, was disfranchised in consequence of the lately elected member of that constituency, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen, who is Attorney-General of Victoria, not having taken his seat. THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS. LONDON, July 22. The match between the elevens of Australia and Cambridge University commenced to-day. The Cambridge team, in their first innings, scored 285 runs, and the Australians 111 runs. The Australians again went to the wickets, and when the stumps were drawn had scored 18 runs, not out. Gympie. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. | ) July 23. Mr. R. S. Lord died this evening. The Smithfield Extended Company have struck a leader carrying gold. No. 1 South New Zealand Company have got a new reef to the east of the present workings. 96 tons from No. 6 South Lady Mary have crushed 366 oz. of gold. A crushing from the big reef, New Zealand prospectors' claim, has returned 14oz. of gold from a crushing of 145 tons of stone. Mr. Kidgell, M.L.A., will probably not be present at the debate in the Legislative Assembly on the loan resolution to be moved by Mr. Mcilwraith. Charters Towers [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] July 23. A crushing from No. 3 Rainbow of 120 tons of stone has yielded 28oz. gold, and 167 tons, Brian O'Lynn, 570 oz. Cooktown. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT,] -- - ~ July 23. ' Local Press telegraphic advices, published to-day, report a new discovery by Chinese, thirty miles below Palmerville. Two men got SOoz. in one week, and others are getting from 2oz. to 3oz. per day. The Chinese are flocking to the field in large numbers, and all the storekeepers are leaving Palmerville. Sydney. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] July 23. A deputation of the council of the Royal Agricultural Society waited upon the Colonial Secretary to-day, to ask the Government to place on the Estimates the sum of £10,000 towards the expenses of the International Exhibition next year, which amount would include the purchase of various outbuildings at the Paris Exhibition, and accordingly furnish about six times the present available space. In reply, the Colonial Secretary promised to give an early answer after consultation with his colleagues. The Government are favorable to the purchase of the geological collection of the late Rev. W. B. Clarke for the Museum. In reply to a deputation, the Minister for Works said that personally he did not approve of the project for a high-level bridge from the city to the North Shot c, but would consult his colleagues. A proclamation in the Government Gazette sets forth that the provisions of the Mutiny Act will be enforced as regards the Permanent Force. Melbourne. REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] July 23. It is probable that the export duty on redgum will be repealed in consequence of agitation in influential quarter?. Midshipman Pearce, the survivor of the crew of the Loch Ard, has proceeded to Sydney. " The Southesk, barque, from London to Brisbane, with immigrants, passed Wilson's Promontory yesterday, and reported all well. The Waterloo Coursing Cup has been won by Young Bezique with Peri as runner up ; the Waterloo Plate by Electric, and the Waterloo Purse by Rowena. In the Legislative Assembly to-day, a despatch was read from the Chief Secretary of Tasmania absolutely denying that the scab disease in sheep had broken out in that colony. An excited and disorderly discussion is now proceeding in the Legislative Assembly in reference to the purchase by Government of the Hobson's Bay Railway. 2 am. In the Legislative Council, the debate on the Reform Bill introduced by Sir Charles Sladen was adjoined until to-morrow. In the Legislative Assembly, the debate in reference to the purchase by the Government of the Hobson's Bay Railway, progress was reported, on the suggestion of Mr. J. G. Francis. The Government will consider a proposal to provide compensation to the company's employes, as if they had constantly been employed in the Gov \- ernment service. Mr. A T. Clark moved an amendment, that the question of the purchase be postponed until the Constitution Reform Bill had been finally dealt with. Adelaide. [REUTER's TELEGRAMS. | July 23. ~ At a public meeting, which was influentially 7 attended, resolutions were passed in favor of the ? formation of an Acclimatisation Society. Wheat, 6s. per bushel ; town brands of flour £11 10s., and country parcels 616 15s. per ton. New Zealand. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] WELLINGTON, July 23. An extensive fire took place at Masterton, ' Wairarapa to-day, in which property to the value of £13,000 was destroyed, supposed to be a case of incendiarism. The insurance offices interested i are-Victoria, £850 ; Phouix, £500 ; New Zea , land, £850 ; North British, £1750 ; Royal, £250 ; Imperial, £500 and other local offices about c 7000. i - The net profits of the Colonial Bank for the last half-year are £40,000. A dividend of 7 per cent per annum has been declared, and £20,000 added to the reserve fund. BUSINESS in the Legislative Assembly to-day ' centres in the following motion by Mr. M'Il . wraith, contingent on the motion for going into Committee of Supply That, in the opinion of this House, a bill should be introduced this session to authorise the raising by loan a sum of ? three millions sterling, for the completion of a public works already authorised, and the further extension of reproductive works." It is probable that no other business but the discussion of this 'Tote will take place. WE have received the first number of the St. George Standard and Balonne Adla liver, a newspaper that, judging from its well till led advertising columns, should prove a monetary y success. With regard to its literary merits and general "get up," our new contemporary makes a very credit- able first appearance. We are also in receipt of the first issue of the Copperfield Advocate, which is likewise a worthy addition to the provincial Press. Both the journals have our best wishes for their success. THE first annual ball of the recently-formed German Club was held in the Town Hall last evening. It was attended by about thirty couples, all of whom from the outset seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves, A very good band, including Signor Benvenuti, was in attendance, and provided music appropriate to the nature of the gathering. At midnight, the company adjourned to the Cafe de Paris, where host Greaves had provided a substantial repast. At the conclusion of the supper the healths of Kaiser Wilhelm" and "Queen Victoria" were drunk with enthusiasm, and was followed by the toast of "The German Club " and the health of Germans generally. The company then returned to the ballroom, where dancing was kept up till an early hour this morning. A WELL-ATTENDED meeting of the friends of the Rev. W. M. Walsh, who is about to leave Brisbane for Townsville, was held in St. Stephen's schoolroom last evening, for the purpose of making arrangements for presenting him with an ad- dress and testimonial prior to his departure. Mr. K T. Bunton having been voted to the chair, it was resolved that an address be prepared and pre ' sented to the Rev. Father Walsh at an entertainment to be given at the School of Arts, on Friday evening next and that a subscription list be opened with the view of presenting him with a testimonial before he leaves Brisbane. The following gentlemen were appointed a committee to carry out the object of the meeting Drs. ' O'Doherty and Mullen, Messrs. J. M. Macrossan, M.L.A., W. E. Murphy, M.L.A., P. Real, A. J. Thynne, T. Bunton, V. Power, L. J. Byrne, F T. F. Keogh, J. F. Fitzgibbon, T. H. Fitzgerald, S. Pole, N. Corrigan, and - Ryan, with power to \- add to their number. Messrs. T. S. Hickey and P. B. Feenaghty were appointed secretaries, and Messrs. F. O'Dwyer and C. D. Gorton treasurers. Collectors having been appointed, the meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. As a testimony of respect, over thirty of the clerks, guards, and other employes connected with the railway line met yesterday, and presented Mr. C, Murton with an address. Mr. Morton has been stationmaster at Brisbane for twelve months, and during that time has borne the reputation of a steady, careful officer, and a man of friendly, obliging disposition. From the remarks made yesterday it would appear that his fellow-employees are at a loss to understand the sudden removal of such an officer to the wayside station at Cambooya. The address presented bears testimony to the esteem in which Mr. Martin is held and in so far as we are aware, the travelling public have much the same feeling towards a civil efficient officer as that of his fellow-workmen. A MEETING of the Milton District Board of Health was held on Tuesday, the 23rd instant, Mr. Fenwick in the chair. A letter was addressed to the hon. the Colonial Secretary, calling attention to a previous letter in reference to the extension of the Milton district. A numerously signed petition was received from the inhabitants of Milton, complaining of the smell and nuisance arising from Milton Creek ; as no answer had been received from the Secretary of Works relative to the cleaning out of this creek, the chairman was requested to again communicate with the department, urging immediate action. The inspector reported that the owners of the dis- tillery had connected a pipe with the main drain, which would remedy the nuisance complained of so far as the distillery was concerned. 9 MR. ERNEST GOERTZ, jun., asks us to state that he is the owner of the horse Hyperion, exhibited at the Beenleigh Show. This has already been stated in the Queenslander. he A Wr.UNG of the members of B Company, Q.V.R., was held in the Town Hall last evening, for the purpose of appointing a captain of the company for ice lamentation Lo his Excellency the Governor, to vacancy buying been caused by the resignation of the active command of the corps by Major Snelling. There were two can- didate! for election viz., Mr, Reginald H. Roe, head-master of the Brisbane Grammar School, and Lieutenant George A, McFarlane, and the balloting resulted in favor of the latter gentleman. THE usual fortnightly meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Hospital was held at the institution yesterday afternoon. The members present were The Rev. E. Griffith (in the chair), Messrs. P, Macpherson, J. F. Buckland, A. Biff, and J. Swan, The minutes of the previous meeting having been contained, a letter was read from the secretary of the Southern and Western Railway Servants' Friendly Society, asking the committee to grant to that association the same privilege that is accorded to it by the Toowoomba Hospital, viz., that any member of the society, or his wife, in case of accident or sickness, be admitted to the institution free, provided such member be a subscriber to it. The committee declined to accede to the request. The chairman, as treasurer to the hospital, presented his half-yearly statement of expenditure, showing that the outlay during that time had amounted to £3582. It was pointed out that this included a considerable expenditure for blankets, shooting, &c.; ; andthatasthe average number of inmates per day was 150, the expenditure was at the rate of 2s. 6d. per day for each person The resident-surgeon (Dr. Thomson) acknowledged with thanks the receipt of parcels of papers from Messrs Gordon and Gotch, of a groper weighing 40lb. from Mr. J. F. Guthrie, and of a large quantity of pumpkins from Mr. Jackson, keeper of the manure depot of the Local Board of Health. The reports of the state of the institution for the fortnight ended July 20, showed that at the beginning of the fortnight there remained in the hospital 100 patients ; received during that time, 31 ; dis- charged-cured 30, improved, 5 ; died, 5 ; remaining, 91 ; out-patients in attendance during the fortnight, 108. During the week ended July 13, the number of patients on the list of the Town Dispensary was 39 ; in attendance, 23 ; number on list during the week ended July 20, 57 in attendance, 54. The following are the deaths reported at the hospital Walter Miller, aged 21, groom, Brisbane, of tetanus ; Eliza Kerfoot, aged 19, Brisbane, of phthisis ; Andrew Swanson, aged 24, seaman, Pine River, of dysentery ; Henry Carr, aged 32, miners Sydney, of gangrenous erysipelas ; Matthew Griffin, aged 51, compositor, Brisbane, of royal peas. THE report in our telegraphic column to-day of the alleged discovery of gold by the Chinese on the Palmer River, thirty miles below Palmer- ville, will, in all probability, prove to be well founded, as a belief has always existed amongst European miners acquainted with the locality that a payable goldfield is to be found below Palmerville, and more than one party have prospected down the river from that town, but without success. A little gold has been found in nearly all the gullies running into the main river in the locality of the alleged discovery. Many inuendoes opinion that good deposits on the Lower Palmer are to be reached by deep sinking. The reported Chinese discovery, however, may turn out to be a mere patch of no more value than those that caused the late rush to the con- glomerate, and the report should be received with caution. REPORTS up to 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon show that the weather continues fine in all parts of the colony, and there appears to be no sign of immediate change. It is gratifying to notice that in the southern division frosts are becoming less frequent, and according to the returns Durah was the only station in this part of the colony where frost was last night experienced. At a large proportion of the stations both on the coast and out westward the weather was calm but as far as the southern portion of the colony is concerned the wind (where reported) shows a decided inclination to come from a westerly direction. In the far west it is simply calm,' except at Tambo, where the wind was from the northward. In the central districts there were frosts at Hawkwood, Camboon, and Banana. The general direction of the wind on the coast wind from the south-east ; but it was north-east at Rockhampton and Mackay, in the extreme north,' including stations on the Normanton line, the, wind was from the south-east and the weather. fine. Fine weather and northerly winds prevail' at Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide. WILLIAM DEVINE, of Brisbane, laborer, was yesterday adjudged insolvent, upon his own! petition. The first meeting of creditors in the estate was fixed for August 8, the usual statement of liabilities, due, to be filed by the 6th. ' The report of the state of the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, for the week ending July, 21, 1878, is as follows :-In the house at last report, 264 males, 175 females ; since admitted, 3 males, 2 females ; discharged, 1 male ; died, on July 19, of phthisis, Peter Shaw, late of Nanango, aged about 68 years ; total remaining, 442. IN the House of Convocation, on May 10, the Rev. Prebendary Ainslie Henstridge obtained permission to read in extenso the following petition, having reference to Lord Rosebery's marriage : " To the Very Rev. the Prosecutor, the Very Rev. the Deans, the Venerable Arch- deacons, and the Rev. Proctors of the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury in Session assembled The humble petition of the undersigned Charles Gutch, B.D., priest of the diocese of London, and incumbent of St. Cyprian's, St. Marylebone, showeth : 1. That two persons, one of them a Jewess, were married by civil contract before the Superintendent Registrar of St. George's, Hanover-square, on March 20 last. 2. That subsequently, on the same day, these two persons, being married, presented themselves at Christ Church, Mayfair, for the solemnising of their union with the marriage service of the Church of England. 3. That a priest of this diocese did then and there read the Church's service with them, and did therefore, according to that service, bless them in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. 4\. That this use of the service for one who is an unbeliever in the Christian religion is a plain profanation of holy things, and a great scandal in the eyes of your petitioner and of many other Christians. 5. That this ceremony was performed under the sanction of a license, which was issued from the Bishop's registry, and carried the episcopal seal, and styled the two persons " our well beloved in Christ." 6. That such license was not merely needless in the case of two persons already joined by civil contract, but might have been withheld at the discretion of the Bishop or his registrar acting under his instructions. (See opinion of Sir Travers Twiss, late Vicar-General, which was read by Bishop Wilberforce in the Upper House of Convocation, February 11, 1872.) 7. That your _ petitioner, feeling deeply aggrieved at this manifest breach of Church order and profanation of holy rites, earnestly entreat your reverend House to take the whole matter into your grave consideration, and to deal with it as your reverend House shall deem most conducive to the honor of our Lord Jesus Christ and the discipline of the Church and the interests of true religion among us. And your petitioner will ever pray, &c.; Signed by me. Charles Gutch, B.D., this fifteenth day of May, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight." 