tfc|ft of §aralmta. A EOHANCE OF SPAIN IN THE -FIFTEENTH CENTURY. CHAPTER Xr.-(Continued.) A few hours later, and an he was meditating what to do, whether to depart aB secretly and fahely as he had appeared, or to signalise his depasture with some bold deed that should iocrease the fame of his Saracenic name, Balbao learned that the intended bride of Count Scorda was his daughter, Lady Hazeenta, and that she was held a close prisoner in the Scorda palace. ' Then Bilbao resolved to use the meaoB and men he had in hand to rescue the maiden and slay the count on the very platform on which Count Scorda intended his marriage should take place. In pursuance of this determination! and while moving through the streets in his litter a very early hour of the morning, his litter was halted by Dama Boveda, as has been told; and thu?,* by mere chance, was Lady ILizaenta placed in his hands ere time and occasion were ripe for the execution of his desperate scheme, which designed her rescue at a later hour. Qiiick to act, and confident of the ability of his first officer, whose Siracen nams was Ah med All, te achieve the speedy withdrawal of the litter from the streets, and out of the in stant grasp of the count's small force of guards then accompanying it, and that Ahmed Ali would netify him when his attention might be needed outside th% litter, Bilbao placed himself at the maiden's side and conversed boldly with her as we have narra ted. Ahmed Ali, by a second change of course, made several movements ere Dama Boveda became aware of it, increased the distance of the litter from the Scorda palace, and carried it nearer to the hitherto deserted palace in which Balbac had had his abode and matured his plans since his arrival in Barcelona. When D una Bjveda observed in what street the litter was it was too late to rectify tha supposed mistake without some Iobs of time. ~ " Sea I" said the dame. ~who had been too busy in scolding the scoffing guards to note the second chaage of route at an earliar moment. " See I Now we shall have to pass the rear of the Torreda palaoa, and that of the haunted palace also, before we arrive at the rear of the Szorda palace 1" The palace called by D-tma Boveda " the -haunted palace," was correosly named the Haymunda Palace-a family of that namo having originally erected and owned the great edifice many years before the date of our story-and was the palace which had been hired by Balbac. This palace, and the spacious grounds around it, fronted upon the same great avenue upon which the Torreda and the Scorda palacus fronted, and was situated between the two. Therefore, had not Ahmed Ali made the second change of route, the litter, ere arriving at the rear entrance of the Riymundu palace grounds- the abode and .lurking-place of Bilbao-would have been obliged to be carried past the rear entrance of the Scorda palace grounds ; and Ahmed ' Ali knew that the count's guards would not permit the latter to be done without an immediate struggle with himself and the ether attendants of the litter. An affray at the rear of the Scorda palace Would probably cause aid f jr the count's guards to rush Bpeedily, and in overwhelming numbers, from the Scorda premises, and therefore Bilbao's wily officer took a route by which the litter should be carried to the Tear entrance of thelUymuuda palace grounds first. True," said the sergeant of the guards in reply to Dama Bov6da, " the litter bearers have made a mistake. I did not observe when they did it. Y^ur tongue, dame, has . driven discipline and attention out of my head, or I would have called out to those ? ? fellowb hot to pass street El Bey. Bat it does not matter-it will not delay our arrvial at the Scorda palace ten minutes; and I \- judge all goes well in the litter with the lady, since Signor Carretta, who is said to be a great physician, has not put out his head to give a single command to the bearer since he eatered] the litter." ".That we do not know for Bure," said the dame, "since the signor may hare spoken irom the front of his {litter to its foremost bearers without out knowledge-and I . noticed, several minutes ago, that one of those scarlet-coated fellows darted on in advanoe, and Boon vanished from my sight." " That may be, dame, and only because the signor may have sent on ahead an order for some medicine, or something of the kind." As the dams had no suspicion that the pretended Florentine had an iutention to capture her captive, she said no more at that moment. In truth, however, Ahmqd Ali had dis patched one of his~men to haaten'to Bilbao's palace-as we Bhall sometimes term tha . Rjiymunda palace-and give certain orders to persons who were there. . We have just stated that Balbao's palace .and its grounds stood, between those of the Torreda and Scorda families. Because it thus stood, and because it had been .deserted for many years, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of several of the extinct Baymunda family, Bilbao had hired the shunned aad lonely place ere he learned that the Torreda palace was vacant-an emissary sent by hiin ere his arrival in Barcelona having rented it from Coant Scorda, who had recently set up a doubtful claim to be sole heir to the extinct family. The roofs of the Scorda palace on the side not adjacent to Balbac's pilaca touched roofs and eaves of other buildings; else Lady Mazeenta couM not have evaded the pursuit of Duma Boveda as long as Bhe did; but the roofs of Bilbao's palace were, on every side, several hundred feet distant from those of its neighbours. No other palace or dwelling in that popu lous and closely built up part of the city had such extensive grounds beyond its founda tions as that of Bilbao's. Nearly fifty years had elapsed since the last of the Haymundas had died; and as the right to own or build there was doubtful, its trees and shrubbery and its gardens had assumed the appearance of a small forest and wilderness of vegetation in the midst of great and imposing edifices of stone, brick, and marble; and from the centre of- this - small forest towered the ancient turrets, towers, battlements, and roofs' of the long unoccupied Baymunda palace. The street that passed its rear was narrow and dark, as the rear of palaces and roar walls of other buildings shaded this narrow street on the side opposite the rear of the Scorda, the Baymunda,. the Torreda, and other palaces, whose fronts were upon the great avenue, "The Rambla," of which we have spoken. The litter had entered this street when Ahmed Ali whispered through the curtainB to Balbac: "We are nearly at the Torreda palace." Balbao, peering o\it through the front curtains of his spacious litter, Baw that the narrow street, for a great distance ahead, was nearly deserted-and, Indeed, save for domestic purposes, this street was seldom used, as it was more worthy of the name of alley than Btreet. , Its gloom, silence, and profound loneli ness, from end to end, till the litter and those about it appeared in this Btreet, would, however, not have been so great had not all the inhabitants who usually passed through it, or in any way used it, been either in the greater and more pleasant streets, or prepar ing to go thither. 11 Vflu Tifivfl marmaad vaII well, Ahmed," said Bilbao to his officer, who was now - close to the front curtains and between his front poles or lifts. Balbac spoke in a low voice and in Arabic. His quick and keen giaoce had instantly recognised the locality and comprehended the plan conceived by his ready-witted and daring subordinate-who was, in truth, one { of his most famous and faithful captains. Nor was there a man of his litter-bearers j who was not, when at sea or OD Moslem seas, a commander of a ship in the fleets of which Balbac was chief of all. Every man had been selected by Bilbao for his courage, strength, skill, hatred of Christian powers, and for fidelity to himself. The guards of the count then near the litter, had their number been thrice as great, I oould not long have held their front against j tbe attack of Balbac's seven veteran renegade warriors-who were as reckless of their live* as they were of all Christian law. " By this time," replied Ahmed Alt, in the 8ame guarded tone and in the same language as hU chief had used, " Hiybad, whom I sent forward a few minutes ago, should have arrived at our abode and given certain orders there." " What orders, comrade ?" asked Bilbao. " To have a Bcore of our best men-I gave him their names ere I sent him-ambushed in the shrubbery near the gate, to sally forth in Bwift but silent attack when I sound my whistle." "Not a man, and certainly not the hag Boveda, must live to set speedy pursuit after us," said Bilbao. " Have you provided against that danger ?" "I have," replied Ahmed Ali. "If the guards, now in our rear, do not draw nearer i to us than they now are era your litter is j tub at our gateway, we shall turn Buddenly from the street, pass through the gateway a few paces, and then halt. The guards, or the hag, will probably shout to us as we turn into the gateway, but we will not heed them until we shall be far enough within and beyond the gateway to permit the gate to be closed. The guards and the woman will follow us through the gateway and gather about the litter, and demand why ws hare carried it there. Then I shall souud my whistle. Instantly our ambushed force will rash from cover, close the gate, and make speedy end of the hag and of every guard." "The scheme is excellent, and I think it will succeed," said BiIDUC. " If it succeeds we can quickly re-disguise my daughter, change our own garb, pass out into The Rambia mingle with the crowds now there, send word to my followers now at the port, and be on the sea and far away ere Cjunt Scorda shall discover that he has again lost his intended bride. Bat what if those guards olose up and march on each 'side of my litter ere we reach our gateway ?" Ahm d Ali, still walking behind the front lifts of the litter, looked back ere he replied: " The one nearest to the litter is ten paces from our rearmost bearer. The others are laughing and.pointing at the woman, who is apparently railing at ttiem. Wa have only about three hundred paces to go. I do not think the guards will draw nearer to us before we reach the giteway.". 