MANSLAUGHTER AT SPRING VALE, NEAR BRIGHTON. On Sunday last a young man, twenty years of ago, named Alexander Milne, was admitted in a delirious condition in- to the Alfred Hospital. There was a wound on his forehead, and an abrasion on the top of his head, which, it was stated, had been inflicted some days previously, during a row that occurred at an hotel. The sufferer remained in the same condition until Wednesday last, when he died. An inquest was held upon the body yesterday, in the presence of a man named Daniel Hoban, who had been arrested on a charge of being concerned in the death of deceased. Ellen Milne, mother of deccased, deposed that on the night of the 8th inst., hearing a distur- hance at the Spring Vale hotel, she went towards the place, and met her son coming home. He had both his hands up to his head, which he said was cut open. Upon his arrival home, a wound was found on his forehead, from which blood was flowing freely. There was also a bruise at the back of the head, which was bleeding. He went to bed, and slept pretty well, and the next day went about in much his usual way ; but on the 6th he began to suffer from the wound, and subsequently had to be re- moved to the hospital. Thomas Simson, a labourer in Mr. Milne's employ, stated that he was at Spring Vale hotel with the deceased and the prisoner Hoban. Heard a row in the bar, and saw the prisoner and a man named Wyatt fighting with deceased. Witness tried to stop them, and was struck by the prisoner. He as- sisted deceased against Wyatt, and both were put outside. A few minutes after- wards Hoban came out, and again struck witness, at the same time saying, "Now you –––– I am ready for you." Witness ran at him, and the prisoner made a blow at him with a stick, but which he warded off. Witness called to deceased to look out; that Hoban had a stick. Deceased tried to get out of the way, but slipped, and fell about fifteen yards from a trough at the side of the road. The prisoner followed and struck him a blow on the forehead, and knocked him on the back. When prisoner made the blow, deceased cried out, "For God's sake don't kill me, Dan." The other replied, "You ––– , I'll have no meory on you, for you had no mercy on me," and struck at him again with the stick. Witness then went up to stop Hoban, but he ran into the hotel and closed the door. Deceased was lying on his back, and said to wit- ness, "My head is split open." His face was all covered with blood. He got up and staggered towards the bar door, but afterwards turned round and went home by himself. Archibald Colqluhoun, resi- dent surgeon at the Alfred Hospital, who made a post mortem on the body of de- ceased, deposed that the cause of death was acute meningitis, or inflammation of the membranes of the brain. It was the result of the injury to the head, and not due to natural causes. The jury arrived at the following verdict:— "That on the 2..th July, 1878, in the Alfred Hospital, the deceased, Alexander Milne, died from inflammation of the membranes of the brain, caused by injury to the head in- flictad upon him by Daniel Hoban, and we find the said Daniel Hoban guilty of the manslaughter of the said Alexander Milne." The prisoner was then com- mitted by the coroner to take his trial on the charge, and the proceedings of the inquest were concluded. –––––––––––––––––– An unfortunate accident (The "Daily Telegraph," reports) happened on Satur- day afternoon to a lad named William Taylor, thirteen years of age, who, whilst playing football at Hotham, re- ceived a kick in the mouth, causing him to bite his tongue clean in two. He was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital. The Australian cricketers (says the "Daily Telegraph") have, it appears, de- cided to return via San Francisco. A letter has been received in Hobart Town from Mr. C. Bailey, one of the team, in which he states that it has been arranged to play three matches in the United States on their return journey. Our Malvern correspondent reports: " A young man, respectably connected, and said to be employed in a state school near Melbourne, was caught playing the ghost on the Boundary-road on Friday night last. On several occasions lately women have been frightened by a nocturnal visitor in what appeared to be a white sheet and a sugarloaf hat. Sus- picion fell upon the young man above re- ferred to, who was watched and captured after a smart run in Mr. Baxter's pad- dock by two residents. His captors, not wishing to hand him over to the police, and being softened by his entreaties for liberty, administered a sound thrashing and let him go minus his sheet and hat, the former being a clergyman's surplice. The young man is a resident of the locality. — "Argus" Monday. It will be seen from our European tele- gram this morning that the terms of the Treaty are being promptly carried out. The Porte has consented to an Austrian occupation of Bosnia and Herzegovina and the Turkish garrison has been withdrawn from the fortress of Schumla in Bulgaria, which is now occupied by Russian troops, so that there is no longer any probability of a hitch oc- curring in the settlement of this im- portant question. The statement that Parliament will be dissolved in August has been officially contradicted. The Australian cricketers, in their match with twenty-two of Crewe, in Cheshire have scored a victory by no less than 99 runs. — "Daily Telegraph" Mon- day. Monday's "Daily Telegraph" states: — "Another extraordinary snow-storm it appears, has fallen at Woods Point. From our telegraphic columns it will be seen that the main street was, on Saturday night, over a foot deep in snow, whilst the Yarra Track was impassable, a number of drays being snowed up on the road. Telegraphic communication is still open, but it is feared that it will soon be interrupted, from the weight of snow on the wires. The winter is said to be the most severe that has ever been experienced in the district, and when our telegram left, the snow was still falling in flakes as large as five shilling piece. Some idea may be gathered of the nature of the stormt from the fact that on the range the snow is more than 4ft. deep." 