FICTION. {Vron* EoftlUb, American, aud otbrr Periodicals.) MAGGING IHM DOWN OB, Annabel's Secret. Chaptkb XVff - (Continued). ^ In the morning, quite enrl>, before uither of The firm had thought of making thtir appearance at-Ma^ place, Mr, Clitheroe lookea in Mgun upon Dawes who was figuring away iuiioualy at hife desk, a frown on his forehead, He did nut see C'litbxroe or imag- ined it to be Ned, who wah sitting quietly by the loctol eaff, for he went on muttering: " They had better t ike care These are dangerous operations! What! what! worse hi d ^oriel Ii's enough to make the old muster rise up from his grave." And then he figured away again, Bnd stopped to brush his band across his forehead, while he de- clared : " It does eeem as if there was tome evil spell on all their undertakings. '1 hut's a fact. I declare I'm frightened," Then he sighed heavily, and lñid down his pen» and started at discovering his vi?itor. " Good-morning, Dawes. I um out early, you see. Ned and I have to settle the further arrangements, for our little plot. Ah, and here he is. Bright and \- early-eh, Nod ? That promises w.ell for our busi" ness. By the way, was the investigation you were to make satisfactory for our purpote P" " Yes, sir ; entirely. No tear of harm-nit the slightest," answered Ned, and a laugh glistened in his eyes, as they glancd toword his father. "Excellent," responded Clithi,roe drawing forth some crisp new bank-notes from his pocket and putting them into the lad's hand, " And there's the first instalment oí the purchase money." Ned smoothed out the notes, and turned promptly to his father: ». " Oh, father,'father 1 does it seem as if it côVd be true ? I am almost afraid to carry so muero, money." " I should hopo you would not try it. Put it into the bank at once. But I don't quite approve your accepting any thing till the task ia accomplished.' " Ah ! but that is the retaining fee. He ia going to set about his work immediately." " Why can't you put the tnonny into the safe there until I come back ?" asked Ned, his voice sounding strange and husky to bia own eara, although Dawes did not observe it. " 01 course I can ; and if you are going out into the street it will be the wisest thing. I'll put it in an envelope and mark it in uiy name," The pair watched him do it, and Clitheroe quietly passed to Ned's trembling hand a bottle containing some colorless liquid, Perhaps there was a pang of helf-reproach in each heart as the unsuspecting book-keeper passed to- wards the safe, but neither for a moment wavered from their determination, " There cannot be any hnrm," repented Ned, fierce- ly, to his quaking heart " If ho attempts to touch anything v.ilunble, I hove but to call-to touch the bell to bring half n dozt-n clerks here. And he does not mean wrong-I knew he does not. Is he not a prince of wealth ?" And he followed quietly behind his father, and Baw him turn the silver knob of the safe with the few dexterous initiated movements requisite, and open the massive door. " Don't put it with the firm's money, will you, fa- ther? I feel so worried over my wealth, I can't trust it out of my sight. Shall you put it in that drawer P Oh, take care I" The last exclamation of alarm cime as the move- ment of bia fathei's elbow seems to dislodge some- thing lying on the safe. A bottle whizzed before the old book-keeper's L.ce, and broke against the safe door. A pungent, sickening, i-tilling odor rose np before him. He saw his son spring to bia side with a drenched handkerchief; he heard him say while he wiped his face. *. Oh, father, how pale you ore ! You aro sick, Mr. Clitheroe help me." B ut the last words Bounded dreary and far off. He himaelf seemed to be whirling round and round and being carried down, down, into some dizzy abyss. Then all things faded from him, and he sank into the seat, toward -which Clitheroe's arm guided him. " You know where I told you, Ned, and how the bundle is marked," said his principal, quietly, and the youthful accomplice, not daring to trust another .glance at his insensible father, hurriod to hnVask. " I have it," he said, Raapingly, the Lext pfetant " All right, Bring the water and open that d\or.<L And Dawes revived the next instant, enough to be aware that the pair were working over him. He was a little dazed but speedily recovered epeecby "What is the matter? Did I full?" jr " It was my fault 1" exclaimed Clitheroe, rueÄlly ''I set down that bottle of chf5fc(oform on^he tof^of your safe wlton I ' come in. .Y.o_Slk^ocfcdTt. down" and broke it. It was very strong/for I^tTHio ki), my dog with. JSo wonder you wero overpoweredt and Ned, too, is white as n ghost. Try a little moro water." " It is fortunte you were hore," said poor Dawes gratefully. " There is that safe open, Only think bow easily it might have Seen robbed I" Ned's laugh was aB hysterical as a woman's. " And my money gone. Oh, father, do lock it up. as Boon as you can." "I am much better, but still giddy and sick. Steady me, Ned, and I will do it. It is a very strange ccident," ' ' Aremarkable one. Fortunately it soon evapor- es, remarked Clitheroe, " My poor Fido will be be gainer, unless I go U>ck for another bottle, which um hardly inclined to do," "You might rame the window, Ned. lhere, now I am improving fast. There's nothing like fresh air. I am quite myBelf again, except for. this nausea, so' you needn't be concerned to leave me'," - Clithoroeset open the office door, and slipped the certain over its rod'with a noiseless hand, before be said : '. Then perhaps Ned and I bad better go about our business." "To be sure, and as I siid before, good luck to it!" Neither spoke a word, until they were out of sight of that office window, when Clitheroe said, quietly: "Well then, Ned, my boy, if you lave made no mistake, the momentous affair is accomplished." "Oh, air, I am so relieved. Will you take the packet now ?" " Not yet. You will come in with me before my confidential man, and take notice of what jte contents are, before you deliver it up." " Yes, sir, and if you pleas», sir-" " Well, my lad," be said, smiling at the hesitating rueful tone, " what's wrong now ?" " I want to ask your pardon, sir. Just for one minute there before you threw the bottle I mistrust- ed you and was dreadfully frightened, I aBked my- self if you were not cheating me too-if you did not mean to overmaster me also, when my father was helpless, and have the whole safe at your mercy P I kept my band close tyyhe bell rope till I aaw you waiting upon him, withjbinUiand on bia pulse. And now I am more ashamed thai»ver, that you will not take the package without» toy knowing what is in " Why.'NewnjjfalL thHAhe very way you earn the thousand dollars. You ínWre my taking my own in honorable fashion. I would not have had a villain's help, if he had offered it gratuitously. I keep myruvn hands clean by the glove of judicious management, even when handling pitch, Don't you k Ariane led*HbJtaray into his luxurious suite of rooms, called Morrre into the inner parlour, und locked the door. " Now then, Ned, open your budget, Epread it out on the table," commanded the young master. " Be- hold, Morris, we have accomplished the great feat without your valuable assistance." And Guy Clitheroe came to the table, and folding his arms, looked on with flashing eyes, with ming- led gloom and exultation, while Ned slowly untied the little bundle, and let the yellow, dusty papers fall apart upon the marble table. A newspaper report, several half ehe-ta of wri- ting paper covered with idle scribblings, most of the old firm, " Alpheus Sent & Co.," and then the fatal forged note. " That is all," said Ned, startled at the pale face and fiery eyes with which Clitheroe came forward. " It is enough !" said the latter ; " it ia enough to avenge a deadly wrong. It was enough once to blight a promising life, and break a loving beart You have earned your money, Ned. I would have given it twice over to lay my hand on these. There !" He dashed off a check, flung it toward the lad, and seizing those papera, rushed away, ¡ 