COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it iB desirable they Bhould have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date!] Dear " Tahite,"-I think your satisfaction equals my own at the good reception of Shakspeare, when well put upon the stage, as the noble historical play of " Henry IV.' is now, at the RoyaL Hennings's view of Shrewsbury, with the winding Severn, is alone worth the price of admission. And, as I know well your love of justice, let me indulge the luxury of honest praise of Mr. Vincents Hotspur. Did he ever before do anything approaching to it? Noble as is the part, it lias many anares for the young and vain-all which are avoided by Mr. Vin cent. Johnson pronounces Percy to be "a rugged Boldier, choleric and valiant." I demur to " rugged." He shows throughout the English man's dread of being ridiculous or ungentlemanly. Thus, when Blunt says "ShallI return this answer to the king?" Hotspur suddenly recalls himself, and, conscious of having| been over-impulsive, delays Blunt's return till a revised reply be prepared. In like manner he bridles him self in the fine scene with the King; not from lack of nerve, but from fear of being undignified. Other instances will occur to you. Mr. Vincent was, to my thinking, im passioned, spirited, off-hand, never brutal, always the Percy. Let me bespeak your kind appreciation. As to Mr. Appleton, he is simply perfect; his speech over Percy's body Beemed to be felt by all. The King is a grand part, and Mr. Stuart O'Brien proved himself to be worthy of it. I consider the scene beginning " My blood hath been," &c.;, for variety of character and dramatic effect interspersed with poetry, to rank among Shakspeare's many master pieces, and high among the high of them. Mr. Jack evidently is intelligent, and knows the stage. I hope to see him again. Ought he not to make at least a show of fight with Douglas? Methinks so acute an observer as Falstaff (who had, according to Shallow, a repute for back-sword play) would have quickly perceived how little he had to fear from so indifferent a swordsman as the well meaning performer of The Douglas. Falstaff is not all coward. Except Macready and Brooke I never saw Hotspur better spoken, acted, and sustained than by Mr. Vincent. Macte,-Youra, &c.;, HOLOFERNES. Mr. Val Vose has been making a tour of the suburbs during the week. Mr. and Mrs. Silvester, who were lately in association with him, have gone to Tasmania in company withOnzalo, the "Demon of the Air, and Voltaire, the ventriloquist. They travel under the designation of the Gaiety Group, and are under the management of Mr. W. J. Clarke. ADELAIDE, AUG. 20. Dear "Tahite,"-Mr. Creswick is bringinghis fine performances to an end. It is long since we had such high-class acting, and it will take a great deal of talent worthily to follow him. Madame TaBca has quite taken us captive by her pianoforte performances, which are works of art of the truest and best kind. Mademoiselle Merz, who is with her, is a sweet, little singer. At White's rooms the Ghost business, with musical con comitants, seems to take very well. The Rev. Charles Clark has been making the country people glad with his pleasant lec tures. PHOJBEL SYDNEY, AUG. 20. Dear "Tahite," -At the Victoria, opera bouffe, alternated with what we understand by grand opera, seems to have satisfied the public and benefited the management At the Royal, after the termination of the Jack performances, we had " The Flowers of the Forest" for an interspace, * 'Richelieu" for Mr. Chaplin's farewell benefit, and the next night a benefit for Miss Oliver. On Saturday, Miss Beatrice made her first appearance at this theatre, in a play entitled "Never Forgotten," understood be adapted by Mr. Ogden from a novel which was published in All the Year Round some years ago. Miss Bea trice, whom you will remember as having made a successful d&M; in Melbourne in Mr. Martin's play, made a most favourable impression, bom upon public and critics! She has many requisites for success, and she uses them with good effect The play will bear modification, but it is a good play for all that. The next novelty at this theatre will be Mr. J. L. Hall, who has been so much delighting you in Melbourne. At the Queen's "The Man from America "has done well, and it is to be followed by "The Lancashire Lass," with Mr. and Mrs. Bates both as stars and managers. The U.S. Minstrels, at the School of Arts, are crowded every night, and I do not wonder, for Brown and Newland are worth all the money. I hear that these drSles ar$ engaged by the management of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, for the next Christmas piece. WILD THYME. HOBABT Tows, AUGUST 20. Dear " Tahite,"-The Wheatleigh Compauy opened at the Theatre Jioyal here last night with " The Shaughraun." The company is, iiiBomeof ifcs particulars, a good one: but the infusion of the Yankee element is a little too prpminent. Of Mr. Wheatleigh's Conn it is needless to speak. It has Long been favourably known to you. Afadame Legrand you know, also, equally well, and favourably ; but with her Claire Ffolliott you are not fami liar. Let me say, in brief,.thatI could not imagine it better played. Arte O'Neale is not so successful an essay, for Mr, Wheatleigh, dis regarding the motto about "letting well alone," has taken the part from its former representative and given it to a young lady, who has no proper qualifications for the part Mpst of the other characters are very fairly played, not, as I need hardly say. up to a Melbourne standard, yet well enough for. Hohajrt Town. AltairAtJinr W are satisfiftrl. _SWXET BRIAB. | 