OVERDALE; < v.. . . . , 0bj ,r , uh miit THE. STORY , OF .A,.lPERyERT.;! ; , . -By. Ejima Jane woeboiaa ' " -;<;t ; CHAPTER., XXIX.— Continued, -y -i \- ' '. COllINGEYENTS CAST THEIR SHADOWS1'' :v!<-v ! - BEFORE." ' 1 :', " Aril you are going to call her Agatha Yes ; jpiapa said there ought to he one with my, : name;: and '.1; agreed with him. But we thought' she ought to have another name besides Agatha, just, to avoid confusion. . Papa fre quently calls ino, Agatha himself,' arid of course Jane arid Caroline call me so. It was best to make a difference. I suppose she will be our little Mary." " I think, if I were married, I should always like my husband to callme by my Christian name that is, to call me so sometimes. I do not like the husband to sink into mere ' Papa,' and the wife into 'Mamma.' There is something so sweet and beautiful in the Christian name of any one you love dearly ; even if it be an ugly name like mine, I suppose it may come to bo musical under certain circumstances." "I wish, Roberta, the 'certain circumstances' would occur." "Thank you, Agatha. I am quite happy as I am ; but perhaps married life is happier. You, at least, recommend it ; you are very happy, Agatha?" -"Yes;" and Agatha bent fondly over her sleeping babe, and cooed to it in right motherly fashion ; " yes, it is such a joy to have all these 1" . " But their father is a still greater joy to you?" " There can be no one to me like mv husband," replied Agatha, gravely ;' arid the happy flush that' had mantled on her face' while speaking of her children faded-fast : " my babies are very sweet and precious to 'me, but their father is first, of course. There are some women, I know, whose married life is all motherhood ; but.il could never understand that, and J do not think you will, Roberta, if ever you come to be a matron, as I hope you will some day; and yet : " . "Yet what, dear?" ..... c "The unmarried, woman is spared -many a; care, many a doubt, many an hour of dreariest apprehension." " But you cannot doubt your husband ?" ; ; " Oh, . no !— not in the common Sense of doubt- irigl : He is as true to ineas tlie needle to the pole and' Agatha's fare/brightened and coloured up again. "The love He, H1 for me is the one great love of hisMife and it' is all the deeper and stronger arid the morb'enduringtk'at - it comes when all the impulse arid impatieuce.of youth-are over. AndXAHOw he wiU'love me'to the end:; 'but — — " ' 'J A ,".But what !! Only don't tell "me if you had rather not." . f'/fu ('-Mj ."'.'.Perhaps I ought not. Only— I wish l kriew whether ; the f ault were in. myself— I would: give Worlds to know that ; he is riglifc arid that 1 am wrong I But I have thought so much Roberta,' while I have been laid by this time. Tlirough' those, silerit hours, and in that' darkened room, I lived all' my'lifo .qver.agiiiri; 'arid 'oh, I ' iriustr say/itori?0— andT .could pnly say it to you or to, Jane, for it is agony to speak it;' arid to feel it —iriy. Eustace, !my precious husband, "is 'not ' holding the simple .truth, of the Gospel! neither ' is he preaching, it to others ; how could he ? He is gone v deeper .arid, deeper into error, farther arid farther away fiorii the plain scriptural teach-.' irig , of that which I once understood to be'the Church of England ; and ( see before me a prospect of infinite sorrow." , " ." Dear Agatha, God' can over-rule it all for good I" . . "He can— He will I But some of us may' \- never sec it in this world ; and humau nature is very weak, and it shrinks from the . suffering that will end only with mortal life.," . " What do you mean, dearest ?" . "I cannot, tell, you, for l.qcarcely know my-, self.' .But impereeptibly the shadows deepen,1 and the night comes on. You.will pray for him, Roberta— for us all?" "J have always done that— lately more than' ever—that' God may grant us the knowledge of His truth! ' and ' bring us all at last to His' eternal joy I" . , j And as , Agatha looked very tired, Roberta took her departure ; arid no word was said-of the deposition 'from the Sunday-school, nor of Mr. Yallanee's presence in the house. And as yet 'Agatha did not know of the Methodists'' meeting at > the Chine, nor of the other weekly gathering in Mri Bellamy's large kitchen.:, i CHAPTER XXX. I",'1 ' 1 .ltOBERTA's KPAV TRODRtE.' ' v ; Roberta's desire, to consult Lady JaheXjuickly passed into action: ; she wrote a long letter to her old' friend,.-, telling her exactly how matters stood and., begging, her, advice. The' answer came.jalso'.jhy:' return of , post ; Lady Jane' felt' unable;, to /speak dicisively whde at a distance, there was so niuch tobe; taken into account; t Agatha"; had: written begging lier. to come to Overdale as soon as possible, that she might be introduced to her youngest niece, therefore she would say -little' by; letter but come in person, within a few days, and converse with, Roberta on, the subject.;, she was also writing to Mrs., Ayliner to expect her at, the Rectory about the middle ofitlie following week. !' ' , So Roberta told her girls that she would give them 'rin answer in a fortnight, and that sho wished them, to attend school as usual on tlie, following Suriday ; her class she found was to be, given -to, Miss Dorothy Harrison, 1 But another trial 'awaited Roberta, and 'one which:. she had not Anticipated. On the Saturday morning, after leaving her aunt comfortably, knitting by the fire, she went to pay ; her usual visit to certain poor old women in, the, neighbeurhood ; formorly she had gone toithem once a week, but old Miss Roberta's infirmities increasing, Roberta found her hoirie dutiei. pressing more heavily, and her parish work , fast becoming an occasional recreation! rather, than the serious and regular occupation itkad been the time of Agatha's marriage, ad for .some years prior to that avent. Dearly the old woirien loved Roberta's visit, for she "cheered them up," they said one and all. Soirietathes she brought a nice little tract and read to them; she listened patiently, to prosy accounts, 'of "rheumatics," and complaints of all!tlie ;ills that venerable feminine flesh is heir to ; arid she heard with due interest long- winded stories of (other days when feeble hands were strong, and dull eyes bright, and gay locks ; , raven .black . or sunny brown, and tottering,. ,, palsied frarries in all the pride and; vigour of youth, or prosperous middle age. . "Her.bethat hearty, you see," said old .Polly .Dawson . one . day to Iter gossip and neighbour, Kitty Long. " Her's a lady, every bit of it ; but she. comes and sits down in my poor room, and I tells her all my troubles, and how my poor bones does aohe, and she listens as kind-like, and doesn't cut one Bhort with a ' my good woman !' like some of them visiting ladies does. But no ! she harkens as if I' was a dutchess, and comforts me and hartens.me up ; and then she reads a chapter, or some pretty hymn she has just found or one of those nice little -books she takes abont with her, and whiles I forget my rheumatic, and the draught in the left hand pane, and she do look so bright and pleasant that I get pleasant too. And many's the bit of tea and sugar she's brought me, aud warm stockings, and a woollen shawl for my poor shoulders, and port wine constant all the time the doctor ordorsed it. There's very few like Miss Roberta, God bless her J" "Aye, God bless her !" responded old Kitty, who was extremely deaf, and had not heard the half of Polly's harangue, though it was shouted iu her ear. " God bless her, and all like her ! She he a good 'un, she be !" " And so is Miss Aylmer !" interposed a young ;woman, who had just come up, and had heard most of the conversation; as indeed anyone might have heard it within a reasonable . dis tance, without committing the sin of eaves dropping. ."Yos," returned Mrs. Dawson, "Miss Ayhner's all very well, hut she hasn't the gift with people — especially with old people — that t'other one has. Two years agone I was in great trouble about my soul, for I went to Hoveness, : and I heard a Methody-inan preaching in the market-place. ,He was a-hollering like mad, and I-went to hear what he said, curious like ; and I heard what I never forgot. Says he, ' Every -man, and woman, and child that is. alive has a soul, to save ! Now,' says lie, tliis! man— and he was terrible in. earnest — says lie, ' Is your soul saved ? arid yours t and yours J' And if , he didn't look me" straight in the face ! iThat set me a-thin king that I was an old sinner, and the more I thought the worse I grew, tijl I wished, the Mcthody -man had kep' his mouth 'sliut, or else that I'd never ' gone to 'Hoveness .that market day. But theri, thinks I, the facks Is the same anyhow, ; for facks ?s facks ! 'Arid if my soul ain't saved,' it's time, it was, for I'm high on seventy, and can't look to he here' many -years. And whiles I was groaning in my Isperrit, and wishing I knew ' where the Methody- ;mai lived, ' that I might go arid tell him my case, ,'iri comes' Miss Aylmer;' as ; lurid and .coridesArid- |ing as could be, : and asking! Rafter niy rheumat- 'ics as if I was her - own « grandmother. , But ! I eouldu't talk about my body then, so I out and isays, ' Oh, Miss Aylmer, never mind about the ' rheumatics-; it's my soul that's troubling mo how ; I want to get it saved.' ' ' "'.Whatever do, you mean, Polly ?'- says she/ ;with that sweet, soft voice of hern, but lookiug serious like. So I tells lier all about it ; then ;she sa.y's, very grave — 'l!"/ ! ' " 'Polly, it was very wrong of you to listen ito one of tliem sort. Methodists alius disturbs 'the mind, and they've no right to preach: no more than you have. If you are in distress, of mind you should come to papa ; lie's alius in. the church on Wednesday and Friday mornings' to give ghostly counsel." . " Says I, Begging of your pardon, Iv'e heard parson Aylmer preach Sunday by Sunday ever' since ho came to Overdale. and most beautiful sermous. he do preach. , There ai'n no denying . it ; but nothing that he ever said set me on' thinking about my soul as I'm thinking now. " "Says she, That' shows, Polly; thatthisWM- authbrisecl preacher' — them was lier very words" — .'did you harm instead of good.' Then' she begins to tell me how I was received into the" Cliurch'in holy baptism, and how all my sins of one sort was done away with. . It was a par- tikler kind of sin, but I can't mind it's name . now ; it seemed like one I'd never committed. And she went on to'say I was placed in a state' of salvation then ; that 1 was a member of the Churcli of Christ ; and then she arlcst me if L had been confirmed. Aud i says ' Yes,' for 1 minded.it well, though it'a riiore nor fifty years - agone. I mind how 1 said the Catechism to the : parson without missing a word, and how I had a new. white, cap, with a top-knot of . white love ribbons on it, and a new dress, pea-greeri, with yaller roses a-running over it, and a sweet thing it were counted in those (lays. And I minded the bishop's hand on my 'head, it. made me feel so queer ; and the Sunday after I and a lot more; of lads and lasses as was confirmed with me took thei Sacrament; and I've took it1 ever since' regular twice a year, at Christmas and. at : Easter, till of late I've taken ;it oftencr, under- , standing it better and getting comfort from it.1' But tiien I never took it more than twice ; a vear: as I tell'd Miss Avlmer : and she talked: to me ever so long, till at last I begin to think the Methody feller wur only a prating fool,, as : had better have - kep' liis tongue atwecn - his teeth, for. I surely was a Christian .woman, having never; sinned any very great sin, never : having broken the sixth or the seventh commandments in my life, nor the eighth since I was . a child and took half pence to. buy : ollypops ! And I .was good to my old mother, ; ;and kep' her from the wurkus when I had nine ; children, and my husband wasnit to call steady; Audi never. told many lies; and what I did tell : were white; ones ; and I never bore no flse witness, .nor coveted nothing much fexcept a blue hood for my first baby, as'is married to Samuel Perkins as is a sailor1! And I. was a member of Christ, . a child oif . God, aud ' a 'heritor of the !; kiiigdorii of heaven, for the Church made me all that when I was an infant j and hadn't I hep' my church ever since, arid taken Sacrament t wice a year regular, except perhaps twice or thrice when I had a young baby and only myself to see to it ?. So I com forted myself, but' I did ais Miss Aylmer advised — I went to the veBtry the next Friday morning and told my trouble to the parBon; and he wore very kind, but awful solemn- like. And' he1 arkst me iriany questions, which I replied to as near the truth as ever 1 could, though it put my sperret'up a bit to be arksed some of 'em as if I was a giddy gal,iusteadof anold woman justupon three score and ten, as the psalm do say. But if" the church ordered it I s'posed I'd better put up with it because of my soul, else I'd half a mind to tell parson Aylmer to attend to his own business and see after his own sins. But I didn't, because of my soul, that I wanted to be all right for heaven, you know ! so I kep' meek, and at last says he, ' I absolve thee from all thy Bins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost ;' and he sort of snapped hi3 fingers over me, but solemn-like, and it minded me of the conjuror as comes Bometimes at the wake ; and I got up, and my knees were so stiff I could hardly get home." " Snapped his fingers !" interrupted Betty Bridges, the younger woman, 'who had joined Polly and Kitty ; " snapped his fingers, indeed 1 why you talk like a very haythen, Mrs. Dawson. He was making the sign of the cross on your sibful head." " Was he, now ? Well, I hadn't much larnin' iu my young days ; boys and gals weren't taught as they be -now, though whether they're the better or the worse for it, it ain't for me to say. And I thought it was the Pope's people that made the sign of the cross in that way — I did 'nt know." " Well," said Mrs. Bridges again, " didn't you feel any better ?" "I made up my mind I would feel better any how ; I went home, and kep' saying to myself, over and over again,. a member of Christ, a child of God, and an inheritor of the kingdom of heaven!?' My soul must be saved if I'm all that ; and the parson said I was in a state of salvation.' But lors, Betty, it didn't do ! there's some things you , can't bring yourself to believe ; and I moped and maundered, and felt sure that, my soul wasn't saved. And .then Miss Roberta, who had been away on a visit, came home ; ;and I. told her at once about my trouble, though I didn't .know her so intimate then, for I!d only just been 'lected to the. almshouses \ but I.mado . a clean breast of it and .told her, all. , - And she didn't say. . :I ; was ..no , , sinner ; but ; sho told me, how all my. sin could be washed away. ;. how I must come to Christ, ;who was calling me then to come.; I; can't remember,, all. sho said, only it went; to my 'very -heart to hear, ho w. God . loved me,— me, that didn?t deserve nothing but : His anger. , Arid it sounded , like music -when . she took out "her little Testament, aud; .read, : ' God so loved- the world that lie gave His only, begotten Son, that whosoever helieveth in Him should riot perish but have everlasting life. . That was what 1 wanted ; . that was like being in a state of salvation. ; and; qne:, day Miss Roberta sho toached me . a. verse Af, the prettiest hymu I ever heard the/first verse was—;' ' ; ! , , . jl.layiny sins on. Jesus, ....... ; The spotless Lamb of Rod ; Ho bears thorn all, and frees us ' ' ' From the iicitur sod load. .. i : -i Ibrmgr>ny.-guiltto Jo-u«, ! To wash my crimson stains, , -. , White iriHis blood mostprecidusi, \- >/. Till not a spot remains. ; - ' ' ' - . - Ah !' I've sung 'it often with my!poor qnavormg'' voice/ when I've, been1 lonesome, arid- iriy bones : aching so thatT' couldn't'- rest ahed'nor'up ; arid-! -I'm thinking 1 Tll siiijg :'it hefore"'ilorig;;'of soine'; thing like itj lip 'thefe V no riiore sighing, 1 nor" sorrowjAor pairi ! So'T'ye rea'soif to -bless "Miss' Roberta;1 haven't !.?. for she was like the angcl ! they read about at Christmaa she brouglit me glad1 tidirigs' of great joy ! J Miss A 'Tiber's 'a' very' nice young; lady','arid as kindas- kind. ' 'Did n't- knit this'"' petticoat' for- me with? her very own' hands last winter ? and "didn't she ' bring- Aie beautiful white soup when 1' was ill); with what the doctor calls ' hforikrihi'is ! An awfuF com-' plaint it is ; ;yori" feels'as if yon "tbok every breath" on the edg'e of asliiirp knife; But 'she hasn't Miss Roberta's way of putting thirigs;-1 nor. her; religion don't seem to 'make -her;' happy, tlibrigh' she's always ak'it;- Miss Roberta's' words come ' to me likeKgbbd ' wine;— they warm - my 'old heart ! 'arid-Miss - Aylirier'S talk's like 'herb tea, cold, and riot 1 nieb;:and you must take such a' lot of it if it's to'do :y6u;any good." 1 1 This ''is" rather -a long: -'parenthesis, but I : wanted you to know what Rbberta really'was : to - these old women; - and to 'many others living' out of "the "almshouses.' ' Well; 'then, on the Saturday ' morning, she1 set out' -to "pay "half a dozen of those visits, which : were a- pleasure to herself,1 as well as an unspeakable comfort to the- ipoor'oldTadies ; and -mot many yards' from her own gate she: met Mr; Aylmer. : She - would have-1 bowed and walked on; for the days were past when she would have stopped' and - chatted with the rector as - a 1 matter 'of course. ;He paused, however; and in a distant yet" eoui'teous ; -i -mauribr ' inquired after - Miss ' , Roberts the . elder. Then he asked Roberta' if; she were going-into the' village;- and she' at once! declared Rer evrand;' remarking" that' she had much less, time for visiting ' now, as her aunt re- quired such' freqiierit atteutiou,1 but that she did not' feel justified in giving 'up her parish work ; entirely. 11 > " Mr.- Aylmer was- silent;- and Roberta wondered why heqeontinued walking by 'her side ; he- was certainly going 'with all- speed inthe opposite direction when she encountered himv He looked . so grave, and kept .silence so long, that she : oegan -co ieei very uncomtortaDie ; ' was sne : going to be scolded again- for-her heresies, and was she to do penance, on pain of being excom municated with bell, book, and candle? At last he spoke — " Roberta, I am sorry to have to say what will give you pain." ,> < Roberta recovered -her spirits as she heard his voice, and she answered quickly — - ; ' : ; " Then don't say it, Mr. Aylmer. ' Nothing that: you can say can alter my lopinions;" -he- cause, as I said before, I 'take them -from'' the ; Word of God. It is useless to revive the subject ; please do' not let ' us have any more , controversy." ' "I 'am not intending any controversy; Roberta; and I must speak, though1 -it- is a drity which 1 could wish had not fallen- to my share; I am not going to dispute, with- yoii any irioro, as you say it is all in vainV- Tanf gbing,' as - your pastor, aS one having a!uthority ' from' the' 'Most High, to issue a command— I cannot' permit you any longer to continue! to inako these' visits ' of which you speak; - ;-''i " You cannot ptirvi&t;'- '.riie vjldbeirtA turning round with flaBhing eyes;1'- » !/ Her spirit rose at the hainghty tone in which she was addressed ; she- was not one tamely to submit to unwarrantable coercion. " I cannot permit you to spread error in the fold of the Holy Church. It is not I, Eustace- Ay liner, who command you — it is as. the priest . of Overdale, the authorised minister of ,th«i Church, who yet claims you as her child;-, that . I desire you to render to me obedience in.ithis. particular." " What have I done that you should seek- front- me such obedience ?" " ' - ' ( . ! " Roberta, it should be enough tliat'I required ' obedieuce. The powers delegated to1 me. justify me in asking from you, from' all over whom I am placed, an implicit arid unconditional" obedience; But I will riot so test yon, knowing- that you would fail, that I should only be giving yon occasion to transgress. I will tell you why I. issue a decree which sounds harshly in your ears. Your teaching is not the teaching of the Church ; your consolations aire ' not those which the Holy Mother imparts ; your- — : — " Roberta interrupted him in the old impetuous 1 way that reminded her of her girihood. Of late years she had been far gentler -and meeker.. " Mr. Aylmer, excuse me, but are you a minister of the Protestant Church of this realm?" " I am a priest of the Anglican Church, Roberta. I do not call myself a Protestant ! That the Church -of Rome made undue assumptions iu past ages I am bound to admit ; but that did not justify the Church of England in severing herself roqt arid ' branch", as sho essayed to do, from the Hoi v aud Apostolic see. I belong not to the "Protestant, but ' to the Holy Catholic .Chureh." . — , . "And so do l. l hope, Mr. Aylmer."' For" that blessed f Church is indeed .the true fold of Christ; < It iis'the qrilyVChurch. throughout , the world acknowledging! God's love in. Christ ; ! it. . is the- Church >ofi -the ' past,' and of- th e ; present, j» and of all' tiriie to come;; - the Church of the Aapostles and the Prophets, ; and ; martyrs, ,. of ; Greek and barbarian; of -bond and free,. of. rich - and poor, of old and young, of. all who.call-, Jesus Lord, and lovo -Him and -serve Him in sincerity. / ' ' > i . . i : So-far. we quitcagree, -Roberta;" ' ; 1 " Yes, Mr. 'Aylmer," so far, but T-- go farther, thank God! 'My "Catholic Churcli is far wider; - far- more cro wdedv than yours. All Christ's- childrou " are : in it' whatever1 may be -'their varying . creeds ; they 1 are called by various names, "and tliey. worship in various modes, but the "Master ""owns them- all— they"; are-' all members of. His Chureh militaut here on earth, and one by one He calls them to join the great -multitude of' -'..the1 redeemed- in1 heaven, - the Church -.'triumphant;--. :.who see; His face; and -serve Him perfectly, aud praise Him for-ever- imore.", - y.. ! . " Take heed, Roberta how you delude your self and others I This is an age of falsely - (called liberalism, which, is indeed- ; only,!; a' Ifatallatitodihafianiain!1 butwehavebeeriover' ithe groiirid so "'lately' that it s'eeins 'Useless -to re- - ;hearse the arguments I brought before you." ! ' /' Quite useless I " Dear Mr. Aylmer, t you jknow 'how I have honoured you,- how I have loved '.you as 'my pastor 'and iriy friend,' but. iwlien; my Bible .toauhes' me one thing and you- another, it is !l you' whom I must perforce- (disbelieve aud disobey." ' ' . .. .... i ; " Is_itiiot j-iresumutuous, your seeking to un- derstahel all mysteries for . yourself; instead of listeriinghumbly to the voiceofthe Church, speak- ing through the words of her ordained/minister ? ; My dear Roberta, trust1 me„.that her ordinarices are the channels . .which convey the Blessed Spirit ; - her pastors alone are : the? ': appointed dispensers of her blessings ? arid 'most gracious, most consolatory -are ' the. provisions - which (she makes for ' the .'coriifort "and ' iristructiori' of all such as walk in fitting submission and humility of spirit; Oh I ; Roberta, r you little know what you are casting from yoii I" Roberta was softened (now, for Mr. Ay liner spoke gently and affectionately ; once more he seemed like the loving pastor of her early days ; he was no longer the stern, gloomy priest, arrogating to: himself all hut supernatural gifts ana powers. The tears wero streaming i down lier face, as slio said — "Oh! Mr. Aylmer, '1 love my Church ; I love her as I knew her in.my childhood and youth. I love her liturgy; I reverence her ministers ; and it will be a bitter grief to me if 1 am forced out of her cominuuion." ' ' Nay, my child, . do not. weep, or rather let your tears, which 1 trust are tears of penitence, (low as the harbinger of restored peaco and joy; I clo riot feel that. I :am called to exclude you from the privileges oE the Church. You are still of our community ; the blessing of the holy Eucharist is still yours. Come back, Roberta, to' the bosom , of the Church, the one true Church of Christ, : the ark which shall bear you- safely over the .floods . of earthly trial- and earthly sorrow, and bring you at last safe into the haven of eternal peace. To he Continued. ' > I " . . ; ' ; T.I ;».( . Portrait of Cn'akles- I.— In St. John's \- College, Oxford there is a very -curious portrait ? of the'Son of the Scottish Solomon done with a pen in such a munner that . the lines are formed : by verses from the Psalms; and so contrived as to contain every Psalm. When his son, Charles IL ; was once at Oxford he- was greatly struck by this portrait, begged it of the college, and promised in return to grant -them whatever request they should make.1' This they consented to,' and gave' his majesty :the- portrait, accom panied with the huriible "request— that he would return it ! ' ; "" ' ; -,r ! ; CanauA.— There ' are at present three ex- priests of Rome rendering signal service as ministers of the Rre'sbyterian Church in Cariada —Messrs. Chiniquy, Lafontaine, and Ouri6re. "Three others have recently come to us," writes Dr; MacVicar, Chairman of the Board of Evangelization, " and two more have written expressing their desire to enter our service, thus making in all eight, five of whom may be said to be on probation. Three are now under such in struction." The Rev. C. Chiniquy has pub>- lished a fresh list of French Canadian converts from Romanism to the number' of: 109,' all' of whom have turned within the last -few weeks.— 'Evangelical' Christendom; ?oti » 