"THE HOLY TRINITY." ?IOL SJSHMOK BY THE REV. W. H. N. YAMIKGTQK, Vif ~B.A., DJtMVEUKD AT ST. CREMEST S, Y ASS, ?;;;] TUIXITÏ, 1878. I " Cod is a Spirit."- JOHN iv. 24. } TThe atiblime declaration contained in these few * bimple words, which wero Tittered by our Saviour Hwhiie conversing with the woman of Samaria, ia one 5'iÇf the most important truths Ho ever taught. Tho ijitfreatest subject which can possibly engago the human mind is the contemplation of God. We are too fre quently tempted to think that as we cannot perfectly comprehend the nature of the Deity, that it is there fore useless to medidate upon His attributes, and the result is that we either utterly neglect or willingly banish tho subject from our thoughts. This ought not so to be. Such a course is most earnestly to be depre cated, and men should be exhorted to make tho reve rent study of the character and glory of God a con stant habit of miud. Nor is man left without great assistance in the pursuit of thia study. There are two * sublime books whose pages lie open bofpre him ; the one is the Bible, tho other the Universe. Each is^ a commentary on the other, and they mutually assist the mind iu arriving at such an estimate of the Divine Being as God has soon fit that we should ittain. If we earnestly bend our thoughts to this ? J^feat subject and endeavour to acrjuiro an idea of tho 'nature of the Godhead, we shall be greatly asfcistod by admiring the vastness of creation and it» marvellous phenomena. We wo too liable to neglect this duty. \- . / The wonders of nature are io familiar fö'us that we . ' need an eifort rightly fco appreciate them. When we think of tliia globe, on which for a short time we are ;'. Bpending our existence, how truly grand does it ap pear in all its noble proportions. Think for a moment of the mighty expanse of ocean after ocean, with all : tho solitary grandeur of their rolling billows and .-'.Burgins tides. Think of tho innumerable rivers that V flow in stealthy tiilence through vast tracts of lofty i .reeds, or roar down rocky cataracts, or wildly rush « through rapids to the sea. Picture the wide spreading .: prairies, the interminable steppes, or boundlea deserts "?? atill lying unexplored; ov imagine yourself on one of ' the lofty poaks of the Andes or the Alps, where the . ¡ eternal silence of th« presence of God overawes the soul with ita terrible Dense of noarnesu. Brethren, we .J cannot think of these sublime works of Omnipotence without being brought nearerin our souls to Him who created thom. But let us, once moro, think of tho truly astounding number and variety of animated beings with which God has peopled the world. Not .only tho millions of human beings, but also the abso lutely countless myriads of animals, of all descrip tions, from the hugo unwsildy elephant or kingly ' ? eagle or mighty denizen of ooean depths, to the teem . ïng multitudes of almost invisible insects, and ani ' 1 m'alcules that people almost every part of earth and ? «jr and Boa. And yet all these innumerable hosts ' '* of beings display the wisest thought, contriv * ance, arid mechanical adaptation in every minute « wing or muscle or nerve, Kemomber, again, th« . boundless realms of the vegetable world-the tropica i forests, with their inpenetrable masses of foliage and «"the entiles expanses clothed with flowers of every hue, , which from age to age havo bloomed with unrivalled beauty on the mountain slopes or fertile vales ol , . Central Africa or America. Who can look without <] .admiration and wonder at the delicately pencilled j colours with which tho Almighty has touched the i -corolla of the violet or the petals of the rose, or some j of. tho wild flowers of our Australian woods ? Who j can examine the elastic band which, at a certain mo > Vient, when the seed whioh it has embraced ÍB suffici ; entlyripe, expands and casts the germ to some distant ; spot whence, in its turn, it will rise in all the graceful "tracery of its exquisite loveliness? Who can think of theao things without being fillod with amazement at the power and wisdom of Him who hath done all -things well ? But not only ia this earth which we in habit thus filled with tho proofs of divine power and wisdom, but if we look beyond it, to the fields of illi mitable space, how ex-alted do our ideas of the Uaity become Consider tho astouning fact, that the sun is more than a thouBandtim.es larger than this great globe which we dwell upon, and that many greater worlds than -ours, with their systems of satellites, are circulating .... xound the same sun which we are yearly encompassing .i in our orbit, Look into the unfathomable and appal " sling abysses of the star depths, and behold by means ' ' of tho telescope brilliant and many coloured constel lations, resembling coatly jowolled ornaments and if', composed of suns whoso distance is so great that their V light is years in its journey to our earth. Think of * those nobulm, or clouds of Btars-the milky way-that . diamond-like dust cloud of worlds, and remember :. that all this overwhelming exhibition of God's majesty ïs bui the vestibule of that glorious temple in which ! He dwells in light inapproachable. Tho dazzling ' glorj ( Í Kl"« Sempiternal throne, on which, in the ' ?* oheln ; !i':ss of His presence Ho dwells pavil liouc-i ;.. i-i.of eternity forever, is calculated to fill th. .-.»ni > _with a profound, f-enso of the greatness of that Divine Author of all things, whom ho is permitted with adoring reverence tu worship in spirit and in truth. Well may we understaud the exclamation of the Psalmist, when our sonia aro overwhelmed with a BOnse of the incomprehensible vastness of God's per fections, and say with him : "O Lord our Lord, how excellent is thy name in all the earth, who hast set > thy glory abovo the heavens. When 1 consider thy f "heavens tho work of thy fingers, tho moon and the J «tars whioh thou hast ordained, what is man that thou ,1 »rt mindful of him or tho son of man that thou viaitest i iiim !" Yet it is true that although God is so great, Í yet He does condescend to us of low estate, In I vain, Iby searching, could we have found out God liad not He revealed lliruself to us by tha*t ever adorablo Redeemer, Jesus Christ, our Lord and Saviour, Ho , tvho was God with HS, Emmanuel, the brightness of iîhe Father's glory and the express imago of His per ron veiled in human flesh that we might behold His *lory, the glory as of tho only-begotten of the Father, rjiull of grace and truth ; and thus wo understand the faying of St. John : " No man hath seen God at any » -jflime; the only-begotten Son which ia in the bosom of ' l*ho Father, he hath declared him." We are thus .iUirown back from our own unaided and, to a great ^.Sxtent, unsatisfactory endeavours to understand the oaturo of God upon the comforting guidance of the f '^ord of Truth, that other Book of which we Bpoke, j> îyheroin tho Almighty haB revealed Himsolf to us S through Christ, through the Holy Spirit's teaching, iô-throtij/h tho inspired writings,'which wo call the Holy $ Scriptures, And what do wo learn of God from these ' V. divinely ordainod sources? Within tho comjuaas of ./ one disco».-.a it HT.!.! ' . r i.' c.o-Mf.y. be impossible to ? exlinu"': . . . ':,.,.> oin bo "iven and a few passages quoted. It is the special objeet of thia sermon to dwell upon the subject of the Holy Trinity and that very briefly, it is therefore out of the question to speak of those varions qualities which are distinctly taught in the Bible with reference to God, such as His omnipotence, His wisdom, immortality, immutability, His justice, holiness, and blessedness in the sense of serene happiness ; the sublime an nouncements that God is Light and God is Love. All these severally might form the subject of discourse ; but such is not our purpose at the present. To many persons the doctrine of the Trinity is one which has been a stumbling block. To such the bare arithmetical idea of a plurality in unity has been the cause of their ignorantly and unwisely rejecting what they have not sufficiently and reverently studied. How, such persons ask, can three distinct things be only one ? And because of this impossibility, without any further consideration, one of the profoundest truths ever revealed to the human mind is by them injudiciously impugned or rejected. Those who deny or refuse to accept the truth of tho doctrine in question say that the voice of all nature proclaims the unity of the Divine Being. We acknowledge the truth of this assertion. If there is one truth more clearly taught than any other it issurely this, that " our Lord is one Lord." The perfect harmony of every part of God's works with every other position, is a proof that our God is one, for He has made all things with such skill and contrivance, that none but tho most unwise woald deny that one great thinking Being devised tho -whole vast plan, and is now by His omnipotent will, which is law, watching over it and guiding it in its glorious areer of working out His great designs. Yes, God is one, and this truth ia distinctly enunciated in the Bible as well as propounded in the creeds, of our Church. The first statement of tho first of the XXXIX. Articles is this ' There is but one living and true God, everlasting, without body, parts, 01 passions, of infinite power, wisdom, and goodness, the Maker and Preserver of all things both visible and in sible." But at the same time that thia doctrine of the oneness of the Godhead is thus clearly taught, there are, as Bishop Harold Browne admirably states, l3.t¡ in the Old Testament, decided intimations of s plurality in the Godhead ; and 2nd, in the New Testament, stress ded^raliosä that the Father if God, the Son ia God, and the Holy Ghost is God. As this great Divine proceeds to show, there »re 1 " adumbrations" of the doctrino of the Trinity in such passages aa " Let us make man in our image," " Tho man has become ono of us," "Let un go down «nd confound their language." Then there is the Angel or Messenger with whom Jacob wrestled, whe was God ; and again, the Captain of the Lord's Host who appeared to Joshua, or the Messenger of the Covenant, is the same as the Lord, Jehovah. By some it ia thought that tho name of God in thc Hebrew being, in the plural number, Elohim, God3, is also an indication of the truth that there is a plu ' rality of Persons in the mysterious depths of tile ' Divine Existence. In the New Testament, however, 1 although the doctrine of the Trinity is not stated in 1 so many words;, yet when the immense number of Das sages of Scripture which in any way bear upon this ; subject (although taken from most diverse portions of . the Testament and penned by very different men) are collated, they are almost undoubtedly found to har monise in proving.the truth of tho doctrine, and we deduce the general fact from a number of particular \- statements just as a general law in science is arrived at by the observation of a number of facts in nature. Theology is indeed the science of religion. To enter fully into the proof of the divinity of the three Persons of the adorable Trinity would exceed our limit; but very concisely we may say, 1st, that thero seems to be no need of any argument to show that the Father is God. In [this all sects of religion are agreed. All unite in the belief that thero is "One God and Father of all," that Father of lights from whom cometh every good and perfect gift, that ctornal Father who pitieth with divine compassion all whose hearts are filled with love to Him. In the second place, it ia wonderfully manifest, both from explicit statement and from the character and conduct of our Saviour, that He, the Son of God, ÍB also God. Ho, in speaking of Himself, declares that Ho is one with ; the Father. He is the same yesterday, to-day, and .for ever. _. Ile is the eternal Jesus, our divino and ever living High Priest, our only and perfect Saviour. Ile is the Wonderful, Counsellor, Tho Mighty God, The Everlasting Father, the Prince of Peace, and all thc attributes of the Deity are clearly given to Him. Jesus is tho eternal Logos, the word of God of whom St, John says : " In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God and the Word wa3 God aud without Him was not any thing made that was made." But not only_ from innumerable passages such as these does tho divinity of our blessed Lord appear, but it radiates with celestial glory through every action and word of the Messiah. Though utterly humble as giving up the glories of Heaven, iu which he was rich, and be coming poor that we through his poverty might bo mndo richj though taking upon Himself our nature and assuming the form of a servant, He yet with tho grand calmness of truth demauds tho . adoration of every heart. Ho is perfectly consistent in every claim to worship, because He is God. He says, '* Come unto me" because He is conscious of His own divinity, Such considerations as those compel every careful student of the Bible to come to the conclusion that Emmanuel is God. It is mysterious beyond concep tion how some of the ablest minds are frequently tho unfortunate victims of obliquity of vision. Some personal inclination or selfish interest will sometimes bias the judgment of the aoutest intellect. On no other grounds but these can we account for the other wise inexplicable fact that such a mind as that of Channing, the great Unitarian preacher, could utter such words as he does in reference to Christ, and yet say that our Saviour was only a man and nothing more. He says: "When I consider him (i.e., Christ), not only as possessed with the consciousness of an unexampled and unbounded majesty,, but as recognising a kindred nature in all human beings, and living and dying to raise them to a participation of his divine glorios ; and when I see him under these viewH allying himself to men by the tenderest ties, embracing them with a spirit of humanity, which no insult, injury, or pain could for a moment repel or overpower, I am filled with wonder, as well as reverence and love. I feel that this character is not of human invention, that it was not assumed through fraud or struck out by on thusiasm, for it is infinitely above their reach. When I add this character of Jesus to the other evidences of religion, it gives to what before seemed so strong, a new and a vast accession of strength ; I feel as it I could not be deceived. The Gospels must be true ; they were drawn from a living original; they were founded on reality. The character of Jesus is not a fiction. Nor is this all. Jesus not only was, he is still, tho Son of God, the Saviour of the world. He exists now, He has entered that Heaven to which he always looked forward on earth. There ho lives and reigns' (!) With n clear calm faith I Bee him in that state of glory; and I confidently expect, at no distant period, to soe him face to face," These aro tho utter ances of one who, blinded by soma extraordinary dimness of vision, could not seo that Jesus was truly Divine, and that when He was openly accused of claiming to be God, this perfect and sinless man did not deny it. which Ho would most assuredly baye doue had He not been Divine. He would emphatically have resisted such an imputation, and not have allowed the minda of His disciples to be so deceived. "We notice in the third place that tho Holy Ghost is also God. Of this fact ther6 is evidence upon evir dence. It was the Holy Ghost who spake by the Prophets ; because our Saviour was miraculously con ceived of the Holy Ghost, He was therefore the Son of God. The Holy Spirit is omniscient and omni present and eternal. The Holy Ghost is the great »gent in the work of conversion, and by His wondrous power the great works of redemption, justification, and sanctification are accomplished. Ho was Bent from the Eather and from the Son. Ile is the Divine Comforter, the Paraclete, the Spirit of Christ, o'ïïr Advocate with the Father. Ali sin is remissible ex cept that against the Holy Ghost, which is unpardon able. Ananias lieà to the Holy Ghost, that is, to God. In many like passages "of Scripture the same important truth is borne out, and thus we conclude that the third person of the Holy Trinity is Divine. But at the same time that we say there are three Persons we do not say that they are distinct in their essential nature. They aro not Persons in the sense in which any three mon are distinct porsons. Nowhere in the creeds or in tho Bible is it stated that there are three Gods, for the simple reason that in some deep and mysterious manner these three divine Persona are really and truly one. The purpose which we had in view in the introduction of thia sermon was to lead your thoughts to an idea of the infinite glory of Jehovah, and to see in some measure how wonderful must be tho unexplored depths of His Divine nature. We cannot expect fully to understand what God is. We see a trinity of being even in our own wonderful nature, which is incomprehensible to ourselves. How aro the body, soul, and spirit one man? If we then cannot understand ono tithe of the miracles of nature by which wo ai-e surrounded, how can we be presum ing enough to hope, iu thia slate of being, perfectly to lind out God ? In thinking of the Trinity, wo must not fall into that error which is called Sabelliamsm, and which consists in thinking that JeBUS was only an emanation from the pleroma or full ness of tho God head ; nor must we think of the Holy Spirit au an in fluence or spiritual power.exerted by the Almighty. Wo must think of each of these Persons as BÖparate so far aB their personality goe3, yet ono as to their tmity in God. The Father is not the Sui,, {vpd neither of these 's the Holy Ghost, BO that they are Tjitttuiuii u3 persons, yet one in tho sublime and ineffable divinity of their nature. I refrain from giving any illustrations, which, how ever perfect they maj' seem to be, yet fall far short of giving any adequato idea of this doctrine. Perhaps the most boautiful of all these similes is that of a the Sun, which represents God the Father; the light which proceeds from the Sun is regarded as represent ing Jesus, the Son of God, the Light of the world ; and tho heat, which ia iu many senses tho principle of life,'is a figure of the Holy Spirit emanating from the Father and the Son. Although those three in one sense are diverse, yet in another they are ono in their origin and existence In all such illustrations it must beremeinbered that they aro very far from giving any thing like a just conception of this great mystery of Godliness. In the presence of this doctrine we have great encouragement in preaching salvation to all men. It ia true that God is a Spirit, and as such incomprehen sible, in all His attributes, to our finite minds. But He is a Father, and we are His children, and He loved us so dearly as to send His Son, who came to earth in order to manifest the lovo of God, who ÍB Love. The Son then ÍB the embodiment of the Father's love, giving himself as tho great sacrifice for sin. The Holy Spirit melts our hearts into subjec tion and contrition, and then presents Christ to the soul and enables us to become the sons of God through faith, and so gives us tho hope of eternal life. Thus, brothron, wo eeo the Trinity in unity, seeking our salvation in perfect union of design, At the baptism of Jesus the Spirit descended as a dove, and the voice from the Father was heard saying, "This is my be loved Son, in whom I am well pleased;" and on that glorious occasion we havo tho Trinity presented to our admiring view-tho Father in heaven, the Son on rarth, and the Holy Spirit descending to anoint the long looked for Messiah. What a threefold assurance ought we then to have of God's willingness to save us, and how well may we pray with the apostle that tho grace of our Lord Jesun Christ, the love of God, and tho fellowship of the Holy Ghost may be with us henceforth and for over ? Amen. 