f&rMisl; CJje 0f garaknm. A BOMANCE OF SPAIN IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTUBY. GHA.PTJ3R *5vT.-tf!nnfc?rmfli1.\ A few hours later, and an lie was meditating what to do, whotber to depart as secretly and falsely as he had appeared, or to signalise his departure with Borne bold deed that should increase the fame of his Siracenio name, Bilbao learned that the intended bride of Count Seorda was his daughter, Lady Mazeenta, and that she wsb held a close priaoner in the Seorda palace. Then Bilbao resolved to use the meaas and ? men he had in hand to rescue the maiden and .lay the count on the very platform on which Count Sjorda intended his marriage should take place. In pursuance of this determination, and while moving through the streets in his litter »fc a very early hour of the morning, his litter was halted by Djma Boveda, as has been told; and thu?, by mere chance, was Lady Mazeenta placed in his hands ere time and occasion were ripe for the execution of hia desperate scheme, which designed her resoue at a later hour. _ Quick to act, and confident of the ability of hia first officer, whose' Saracen namo was Ah med Ali, te achieve the speedy withdrawal of the litter from ttie Btreets, and out of the in stant grasp of the count's small force of guards then accompanying it, and that Ahmed Ali would nidify him when his attention might bo needed outside the litter, Bilbao placed himself at the maiden's side and conversed boldly with her as we have narra ted. Ahmed Ali, by a second change of course, made several movements ore Damn Boveda became awara of it, increased the distance of the litter from the Seorda palace, and carried it neater to the hitherto deserted palace in whiali Balbao had had his abode and matured his plans sines his arrival in Baroelona. When D.ima B?veda observed in what street the litter was it was too lato to rectify the supposed mistake without some loss of time. " Seal" said the dame, who had been too busy in scolding the scofBag guards to nnte the second change of route at an earliar moment. irMi0Dnrt. 1. " Sea 1 Now we shall hav« to pass the rear of the Torreda palace, and that of the haunted palaae also, before we arrive at the rear of the Siorda palaae 1" Tho palace called by Bama Bovodi " the haunted palace," was oorrocsly named the Raymunda Palace-a family of that name having originally erected and owned the great odifics many years before the date of our story-and was the palace which had been hired by Balbao. This palace, and the spacious grounds around it, fronted uppn the same great avenuo upon which the Torreda and the Seorda palaeeB fronted, and was situated between tha two. Therefore, had not Ahmed AU made the second change of route, the litter, ere arriving at the rear entranoe of the Raymunda palaco grounds- the abode and lurkiag-plaoa of Bilbao-would have been obliged to be oarried past the rear entrance of the Ssorda palace grounds ; and Ahmed Ali knew that the count's guardB would not permit tho latter to be done without an immediate struggle with himself and the other attendant* of the litter. An affray at the rear of the Soorda palace would probably eause aid for the count's guards to rush speedily, and in overwhelming numbers, from the Seorda premises, and : therefore Bilbao's wily officer took a route . by which tho litter should be carried to the rear entrance of thelUymuuda palace grounds first. " True," said the sergeant of the guards in reply to Duma Boveda, " tbe litter' bearers have made a mistake. I did not observe when they did it. Your tongue, dame, has driven discipline and attention out of my head, or I would have called out to those . fellows not to pass street JGi Rcy. Bat it / does not matter-it will not delay our arrvial at the Seorda palaoe ten minutes; and I judge all goes well in tbe litter with the lady, sidoe Signor Carrotta, who is said to be a great physician, has not put out his head to give a single command to the bearer sinoe ho entered] the Utter." ".That we do not know for aure," said tho dame, "since tho signor may have spoken from the front of his |littor to itB foremost bearers without our knowledge-and I .noticed, several minute* ago, that one of those scarlet- coated fellows dartod on in advanoe, and soon vanished from my sight." " That may be, dame, and only because the | signor may have sent on ahead an order for |. some medlcino, or something of the kind." ?'> As the dame had no suspicion that the ' pretended Florentine had an intention to eapture her captive, she said no more at that . moment. In truth, however, Ahmed AU had difl< patohed ono of his men to hasten to Bilbao's pnlaoe-as we shall sometimes term tha Rxymunda palace-and give certain ordors to persons who were there. U We have just stated that Balbao's palaae and its grounds stood between those of the Torreda and Soorda families. Because it thus atood, and bscause'it had'been deserted for many years, and had the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of Baveral of the extinct Baymunda family, Bilbao had hired the shunned and lonely place ere he leatned that the Torreda palace was vacant-an emissary sent by him ere Mb arrival in Barcelona having rented it from Count Boorda, who had recently Bat up a doubtful claim to be sola heir to the extinct family. The roofs of the Scorda palace on the tide not adjacent to Balbac's palace touched roofs and eaves of other buildings; else Lady Mazeenta could not have evaded the pursuit of Dama Bovcda as long as she did; but the roofs of Bilbao's palace were, on every side, several hundred feet distant from those of its neighbours. No other palace or dwelling in that popu lous and closely built up part of the city bad such extensive grounds beyond its founda tions as that of Bilbao's. Nearly fifty years had elapsed since the last of the I^aymohdas had died ; and as the right to own or build there was doubtful, its trees and Bhrubbery and its gardens had assumed the appearance of a small forest and wilderness of vegetation in the midst of great and imposing edifices of stone, brick, and marble; and from the centre of this small forest towered the ancient turretB, towers, battlements, and roofs of 'the long unoccupicd Baymunda palace. The street that pas3ed its rear was narrow, and dark, as the rear of palaces and rear walls of other buildings shaded this narrow street on the side opposite the rear of the Scorda, tho Raymunda, the Torreda, and other palaces, whose fronts were upon the great avenue, " The Bambla," of which wo have spoken. The Utter had entered this street when Ahmed Ali whispered through the curtains to Balbao: "We are nearly at the Torreda palace." Balbao, peering out tbrough the front curtains of his spacious litter, saw that the narrow street, for a great dintance ahead, was nearly deserted-and, indeed, save for domestio purposes, this street W&b; seldom used, as it was more worthy of the name of alley than street. Its gloom, silence, and profound loneli ness, from end to end, till the litter and those about it appeared in this street, would, however, not have been so great had not all the inhabitants who usually passed through it, or in any way used it, been either in the greater and more pleasant streets, or prepar ing to go thither. " Tou have managed well-exceedingly well, Ahmed," said Bilbac to his officer, who was now close to the front curtains and between his front poles or liftB. Balbao spoke in a low voice and in Arabic. His quick and keen glanoe had instantly reoognised the locality and comprehended the plan conceived by hiB ready-wiited and daring subordinate-who was, in truth, one of his most famous and faithful captains. Nor was there a man of his litter-bearers who was not, when at s*a or oa Moslem seas, a commander of a ship in the fleets of which Balbao was ahief of all. Every man had been seleoted by Bilbao for his courage, strength, skill, hatred of Christian powers, and for fidelity to himself. The guards of the count then near the litter, had their uumber been thrice as great, could not long have held their front against the attack of Balbao's seven vetorau renegade warriors-who were as reokless of their lives us they were of all Christiau law. " By this time," replied Ahmed Ali, in the Bame guarded tone and in the same language as his chief had used, " Qaybad, whom I sent forward a few minutes ago, should have arrived at our abode and given ccrtain orders there." " What orders, comrade ?" asked Bilbao. " To have n score of our best men-I gave him their names ere I sent him-ambushed in the shrubbery near the gate, to aally forth in Bwifc but silent attack when I sound my whistle." "Not a man, and certainly not the hag Boveda, must live to set speedy pursuit after us," said Bilbao. " Have you provided against that danger ?" "I have,"_ replied Ahmed Ali. " If the guards, now in our rear, do not draw nearer to us than they now are ere your litter is just at o.ur gateway, we shall turn suddenly from the street, pass through the gateway a few pacOB, and then halt. The guards, or the hag, will probably shout to us as we turn into the gateway, but we will not heed them until we shall be far enough within and beyond the gateway to permit the gate to be closed. The guards and the woman will follow us through the gateway and gather about the litter, and demand why we have carried it there. Then I shall sound my whiBtle. Instantly our ambuahed force will rush from cover, close the gate, and make speedy end of the hag and of every guard." "The scheme ia excellent, and I think it will suoceed," said Balbao. "If it sucoeeds we can quickly re-diBguise my daughter, change our. own garb, pass out into The Bambla mingle with the crowds now there, Bend word to my followers now at the port, and be on the sea and far away ere Count Scorda shall dlscovor that he has again lost his intended bride. But what if these guards close up and march on eaoh Bide of my litter ere we roach our gateway ?" Ahm d Ali, Btill walking behind the front lifts of the litter, looked back ere he replied: " The one nearest to the litter is ten paoes from our rearmoat bearer. The others are laughing and pointing at the woman, who is apparently railing at them. We have only about three hundred paoes to go. I do not think the guards will draw nearer to us before we reaoh the giteway." 