1 JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. the quail. The quail iz a! game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they hum when they fly. _ They have no song, Jbut whistle for music, the tuns ia solitary and sad. They are 3hot on the wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic fuBtrate at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, bnt if he ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well 3hoot at a streak of lightning in the sky a3 at a quail on the go. Briled quail, properly supported with jelleys and a Champagne Charlie, iz just the most difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in th.9 whole history ov vitiles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for I kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lips after I git thru, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend, with jadiahous accompanyment, I blush at fust, then bow my head, and then smile sweet acquiescence — in other words, I always quail before such a request. THE PARTRIDGE. The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring ov the year and keep both eye3 wide open, watching the sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing, and are as easy to mis3 az a ghost iz. It is phun enuff tew see the old bird hide her young brood when danger iz near. This must be seen, it can't be described, and make ennybody believe it. The partridge, grouse and pheasant are cousins, and either of them straddle a grid iron natural enuff to have been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, and serve up! with a kind of chorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy Road S7J per cent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and mu3t say that I prefer a couple g £ basswood chips, soaked iu mustard water, and 3tuck together with Spanlding's glue. the g0slin. The goslin is the old goose's yung child. They are yeller all over, and az soft az a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop of kastor- oil on the water. They are born annually about the loth of May, and never waz known to die naturally. If a man should tell me he Baw a goose die a natral deth, I wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are sed tew grow weaker and wiser, whereas a goslin alwus grows tuffer and more phoolish. I have" seen a goose that they sed wsa ninety- three years old last June, and didn t look an hour older than one that was only seventeen. _ The goslin waddles when he walks and paddles when he swims, bnt never dives like a dnck out of sight in the water, bnt only changes ends. The food nv the gozlin iz rye, corn, oat3 and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, succotash, and biled cabbage, cooked potatoes, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred, kold hash and buckwheat cakes that are left over. They ain't so particular a3 some phoiES what they eat, won't git mad and quit if they kant have wet toast and lam ( chops every morning for breakfast. 