ithc(i'onuti;ill(i:lu;oimjle TUB LAUNCESTON TIKES. SiTOEDiV, AUOUBT lOlU, 1S7B. The Ministerial proposal for a fort night's idlnurimu'lit of Parliament In vnnlilc Iliom, free and unfcttorcKl, to negotiate v\X\\\ tlic deputation from tliu Main Line Hailvrav Company, met with ratlinr tiulonkcd for [opposition in tlic House of Aswnlilv on TliursJay even ing. « c vrcn- iioricctly nworo that soirt; mciiiliers opposed the adjournment, htit ImnDy e\'|K'Cttjd Fttcli fl denioiiitration against it as seems to have been limtlo. Looking through tho reported spoeclies of lion, iiieuiiiers, ne fail to discover any fair ground of opposition to llii' proposal, unless the Tory unimportant odo that olio or two members who Htp at a distance from the capital would not find it worth their while tu po homo. This argument hardly applies In the case of Iho majority of ineiiibcrv, for (lie Main Line Railway itself supplies iiKist of them witli the moans of coinf? to and fro hetwoon their homes and Parliament with very orrnt facility. We consider it not an unreasonable thing that Ministers should have asked for tbis adjournment, and it should have boon pranteil with out the slightest opposition. The questions involved are jfvery great im portance to the colony, nml, constitu tionally, a picat responsibility rests upon Ministers in rofinnl to them. When, therefore, those gentlemen asked Parliament for a short adjournment to enable them, without impediment, to negotiato with tlic members ol ihe depu tation shortly expected to arrive, we think it would have been a gracious act, at nil evenlp, to have granted the privilege without cavil. Tho leader of tho Opposition, Mr Rcibry, evidently felt this, and his proposal to limit the adjournment to one week of the more impatient members of his parly. In a mailer of the kind, how ever' we ennnot liolp thinking Hut Ministers ought to know Lost, and it is fara-lo,,l.jeclt..s,nliindulgences. It may be. us soMio lion, members uverre.l, that Ministers are now (jnite an fail on tli,. railway question, mid remly I' K-ltle (lie mailer in a few hours, l,ut it by no mean'! follows that the ni(.''nlifirs df tho -' p nutation will ln- as ready. They, being «lraiWTS, will require n little time to consult mid to negotiate, nnd, os tlic Premier put it, possibly lo refer some matters home lo England. It is well therefore that Par liament should lie liberal and courteous towards the deputation in tbe delicate iiegotistionii which thuy bare to conduct, nnd we arc therefore glad the reasonable adjournment oslte J for has been accorded. It will bo found from our Parliamentary telegrams in auothor column that Minis ters will settle nothing definitely without the conEe.it or Parliament. We have only to express our sincere hope that Government and the deputation may np proach the delicate negotiation In band in a spirit of fair compromise, aud that while each side maintains a becoming CrmncsB in the interests they represent, Ihe delegates will nevertheless aim at the ono most desirable end, \iz., a settlement upon some fair and equitable basis. Tliuinli'i-esls alike ..r tbe colouy and of the company aro jeopardised by the continuance of present disputes, and it will suit Mb sides lo admit a good deal of the give and take principle into the pending negotiation. According to their lights, we believe both parties arc actiiBted by a doire for a fair seltli ruoul an 1 we can only liopo the result of the negotiation muy prove satisfac tory to both parties, to Parliament, mid to tho colony nt large. Siam!''whEh'tl!''E'..i!bljTi ma'ili ri,- Suez', arrived nt GlcueU Ht 2.1o p.m. yesterday. She will reach Hobsm'r ljjy oirly on Sut.dsv. and wo may expo -t in Gtiil thr r.i»m.nian portion of 111.' ui-!l« delivered here by the «?-. D.Tweut about mid-day 0 i Monday. McsifiL UsinN.— This society evi dently intend civing something extra on Tuesday evening next, August lUth, at the Mechanics' Institute.. Judging from the programme, it appears altogether too much for one evening's entertainment, but we. suppose tho public ought not to complain, as, consideriug tllo ninny es penses noceasary for the proper production of those great works, tho charge for admission (two ahiUings) idl over the to be ensily tired of B'lc'li music as usually rendered by this society. The various numbers of the prograinmo havo already boeu pcrfonnod. but tho intention lliiB timo iB to place the most pleasing of tho solos, duets, trio«, quartettes, of the oratorios before the public. Tho choruses are of a varied charactor, sorao of them selected for their sweetness, those from 'St. Paul' especially, aud another from 'Elijah, ' 'He watching ovor Israel.' Tho ' ' 1 hanks be tn God ' from the latter work, being of quite a different character, a very unusual thing in chorus singing. Phis chorus has, wo think, boon encored on nrevious occasions. Miss lloso Panton pnpil of Mr H. J. King), and MrF. Uourke make their tirst appearance at this concert, the first having a fine con tralto of pure quality, the latter a baritone of good tone; the celebrated solo from the 'Creation,' 'On mighty pens,' is down for Miss A. Webstar, the young lady who mado a very successful first appearance at tho lato performance of 'Eli.' I he rest of tho prinoipal parts are Oiled by tbc usual well selected Bingfi-s whose names will bo seen in tho advertised programme. D'Aucr Reid's Gnosr.— This favorile entertainment was repealed last evening to a very pood and appreciative audience. I'he Itngthy prosramrae w»s w( II ren dered, the various transformations lieinc nraily executed, aod in bucu r manner a- (olWri? tlic ttudiBDSc iu & complete fog a» 1 1 lion- it it maoftged. In particular. fir as the afpreciation of the ondioncc irVrti1. '] be parfco in ecsreb of bii wife is u l- irioua and amusing production, but the closing t-crne in ibe liauntcd lfotnc in really Rrand und inexplicable. Tbc in tbe air, and littly tbr final riisoppenr* ance of Mr D'Arcy Road bimfiplf as Lcandcr Sbcakwell into the back re(-iun--. During the performance small bills w.rc banded rouud, eunonncin^ t)ia( owinn to the Mircosfi of the Ghost, it will appear forfivo nigbtfl next week, and tlio mana ger intimated that there would bo a tBatioco performance, for school i and country risiiora to-day at tbe limited charge of pirponcr. The management warming the pavilion, und otherwise NOHTDEnxTAHUANIAK GoCRSIVO Oll'D. — NumiaatiooB for the Northern Tas mu- ni an Coursinp Olub meet at Enfield on the SIsticBtaiit, close wilhtheBiBrct&ry; to-day, and it is imporlaot ibcrabora sliould know that unlem their Buliscriptions are paid tlieir Dominations will be informal* It n believed that the list of nomioations will be very »-rge, md members might by m°ro want of thouMut to tkeir great cbrgrin dud i heir uominatiooi rejected. Southern Ta*sunian Pocltuy So cietv. — A. njeetiu^ *jf tho committee of Ihis society was held al Hobart Town on Thursday evening, wUcd eoveral arrange ments in connection with the exhibition to be held on Wednesday and Thursday nelt were made. The lollowinc Kci,tl, meu wero appointed judgos in the respec tive classes :- Poultry. — BrabniSF, Dorkini, and Cochins— Messrs Ru.st'II Vounc aud C. A. Woolloy, Geo. L'ri.p (referee). Spanish-Messrs T. I). Pros.er and J. Willmott, H«mbu,L-., l«olisli, if. — M.-ssrs H. Hcald and 1). McAuh-y. S. Wallace tnd E Richards™. Mr A. Swan (referee). Turkey., Oeose, and Ducks-Messrs 11. C. Jenkins «url I'. G. Kendall. Pigeons.— All classes— Mcs.rs and cage birds— Messrs Wm. Mom eomerie and J. Jolin-on, Mr W. F. J'.-lleru (reler.e). Hairy 1'roduce Uivisinn I- -Me-sr- It. .lohnson and (',. Uiddlrttono. Division 2— Me»rs II. I) Rua-ell and J. G. Fleming ; Mr G. II. Napier refene in both eectiotiF. Suvcml other matters wero Jim'ussiJ, and l!ie clainiued I.st of entries oerc read out lo tbe evident sttiBfaclion ot a l&r;^e number of eihihilora who were pri-nenl. Tlu annual dinni-r *?? announced lo be li.'ll at Curries Club Hotel on the first nialil ol the allow. We may ueolion tint tin' exhibition, which promises lo be n very suecessful sffiir, will be, oponc.l by lii. Eie.'llency the Governor at 3 p. in in Wednesday, Uth inst., in the preseuceol members ol' the Ministry and the Mayor Cruel Pistiue.— Lust eveniiiR ab™t seven o'clock some twenty boys were amusing themselves by riding Iwo pnor unfortunate cows they hud come acrug* in Wellington Btrecl. The cows were lo, low in condition to ihrow Ihem rff, aurl loo weak tn carry lliem fast, und they were treated in a shameful manner by tlic boys, who boat and kicked them, twitlcd tueir tails, anil pricked lliem to mike tliem trot. Such brutal acts call lou llv for tlie interference of a Humane lS(.C'i'ty. ' Tahhaniak Punch.'— This publica tion for August is to hand, aud a marked improvement in the illustrations is ob servable, the chief cartoons being in litho graphic chalks, and artistically drawn. Ihe artist is, however, not much of a productions with advantage. AlX'lDEXTOKTIIE ltAILWAT.— On WVd neBday ni.-ut, about six o'clock, tluvo unn — Brycc (a gangpr). Ha.f), nnd suolhcr wIioep name wo {Mercury) did not ascer tain, were riding swiftly down llic incline Iteyond tin- Uri^hton stntion nn a trolly. Uryce was on ibe frunt of ihe trolly, the others behind, and a railway sUvper lay bstweenlhm. In rounding a ruMctlic Blecper struck aposl and knocked Ilryreoff infrou! f'liewhecll. Ttie I'roi.t wl.i-.-l pissed o\cr his body, the jolt propelling llieoth, r i*o mm several feet forward, lia.s w.i ii injured an.l tl e other only sustain, ' -'i,:lil injuries. They ritriralrd Uryce (rjnl between the wheel', a.,| he walked lo his home, about n quarter of a with voruitinir, ami at 11 p.m. a teli'-rau was tent lo.- Dr. Benjalicld, who arrived about midnight, and found erideucc of ?cvero internal injuries. On Tlturj, lot- to Dr. BenjtSeld'a orders, BryceV friends started with him for ton n, hut he died before reaching liridccw.'cr. Tub Stetensok Cask.— rho Allorney General on Saturday declined, the Argiu sayp, to accede to the applicstion uisdo by Messrs L. Stfvcnion and Sonjlbra copy of tho evidence taken by iho 8tevenson Deard of Inquiry, on which Iho prosecution is founded. The defend ants will, therefore, procned lo trial with out a knowledge of lLo case agiim FURTUEU lurOQTATloK OF WjIElT. — The barque L -llerfourte arrived at Ho bart Town ycu-rday with a full cargo of « heal from Oamaru, New Zealand. A few years ago wo should bavK looked upon thia ai incredible. To send wheat l,i 'tbo granaries of tlio Austrahas' would hare been loo-kaj upon an quite on a par with sending cools to Newcastle, Bnd yet iu thoso days wo had only Iwo or three agricultural societies ilirau^.ont tlie col my i now we ]i»vo Q dozen, s.i that l would not be unfair to ssfuuio tl,at in proportion as agricultural associations The LiHT Pile. —Yesterday afternoon the mon employed at Mr Holy's dock in drawing piles, and about lilty visitors celebrated Ihe drawing of the last pile, ilrinkinga barrel of alo provided by \\\T liely. Tliu ale nvu relished by the men; some of them relishing rather too much of it got jolly, nnd iu playing practical jokes, a few wero knocked into the mud. Two old men passing by were iuvitod to havo a drink. They roadily accepted the offer and went down into the dock for the purpose, when they had tlieir faces black ened with tar, a process which they did not. at all appreciate. Music was pro vided, and dancing and singing was kept up until about 0 ,) clock, when tho shades of evening having closed in. tho r.iyster ing party broke up and rotired from the festive scene. Axniversahv. Service*.— To-morrow tioo with tlieiprimilive'Mltliodi'.t Church, Frederick slrecl, will be preached at morning and evening sereice by tbo lUv. VT. Goulrl, of Longford. On tho follow ing day (Monday) a tea and public meet ing will be hold in Ihe church, wben addres-ei will be delivered bv the ltcv. J. S. Qrccr, W. Gould, and F. Sin.loo. COKCEBT— The Lontford Christ Ouurcta Choral Union announce that they will give one of their favorite concerts in Ike school roirn on Tuesday evening next, Evakdale.— The clerk of the muuic pality Hi Evandale notiflcs tint proceed ings 'ill be taboo against all persons who have not paid their general rale lor tile current year on or before the 31st inst. Reception of a Nun. — On Tuesday last, the Mercury says, a very interesting ceremony look place at St. Joseph's Church, namely, the recepion of Miss Lilly Kean, the eldest daughter of Mr Michael Kean, of Campbell Town. Tee lady is evidently a great favourite in the district to which she recently belonged, for a large number of her relatives and friends came to town on purpose to wit- ness the ceremony of her receiving the white veil, which is given to novices after they have served as postulants for a short period. At 10 o'click the procession of nuns entered the sanctuary, which was beautifully decorated with flowers and candles on the alter. First came the cross-bearer, followed by the professed nuns snd the novices, next came two little orphan girls, and lastly the youth- ful candidate who was richly and be- comly attired in a bridal dress of white grenadine trimmed with satin and sprays of orange blossoms, a bridal wrath and veil, nnd ornaments of frosted silver. His Lordship the Bishop of Hobart Town performed the ceremonies usual on the sanctuary the Very Rev. W.J. Dunne, the Revs. C. Woods, M. J. Beechinor, P. Hennebry, M. Gilleran, T. Kelsh, and Father Mary. The cere- mony commenced by the choir singing Emmitte Spiritum Tuum, and after some antiphons had been chanted by the Bishopm the Rev. M. Gilleran seconded the pulpit and preached a short but most elegant sermon, having taken for his text that most appropriate one, "Mary hath chosen the better part," etc. The sermon ended, the candidate mounted herself at the altar steps immediately before the Bishop, and asked him to bestow up0n her the religious habit of a Sister of Charity; after some other little cere- monies had been gone through the pos- tulant, preceded by the procession of nuns, as before, retired for a short time to the Convent, where she changed ber worldly garments for those she will henceforward wear as a Sister of Charity; during the short interval the choir sung the psalms In Exitu and Latatus Sum. The new novice and her Sisters in religion having retumed to the sanctuary, she received from the Bishop the white veil, rosary, etc. Her name in religion is Sister Mary Gertrude. The Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament brought the ceremonies to a close. After leaving the church the novice's relatives and friends repaired to the Convent to offer her their congratulations. A very cheerful and happy party set down and partook of an excellent dejeuner. The Sisters of Charity are actively engaged in doing good for the poor, the sick.and the erring and if, as we may well believe, true hap- piness is found by those, who do good to others, we may be sure the new novice has entered upon a happy life. PnOIECriOK AoAIXSTTASMANUKSUKtr. — Tl.o Chief Seerelary on Tuesday, Hie t ial deputation reprr*0Qtini; llio mocli ow tiers of th' oniony, determined to adopt the NewS mth Wnle. regul.t ons in retjnrit tit I h^ impirtit ion of sliO''|- fmni T-nmnnirj. aUrm luring been ocftiiionp.l !iy ill? nnpcarnnc' of Bcnb iu the (1 -ckt- ? f that colony. Sir JamM M'Culloch cU-arly stated tlio ricn-i of the deputation, and read tbe reiolulion BgropH 10 at tie tneeiinirof Btorkon-ucrs hnld nt Sioti's Hotnl on Saturday, which desired timi tlm Ncy SjuiIi Wnlcs r^utntionn nIiouM bi, folloircd, inorJcrtq pr-*reut tUe trade with t lie other colonies ueitii; jpnptirdispn by anv rcBuuiplioii of tho quarantine rfizultiiona on tho border. Sir Junex WCulloch pointed our that thii colony Imd in llm pa^t Buffered PCTerely f-oni scab, and that it wna imporinnt thnt erery oii'ifitire of precaution Bhould »»t^tccnto nuard Against its rc- introduci )n. The quarantine regulations here. a« at pres.-t.t mrricd ont, were, he said, a force, the q'mrantinpd sheep hpine placcil in a t-t'.re Biljoiainc that wIutp tl-e clean ihei p were and purfliafiern handling diseased animals michl easily convey the infection R. the others. Mr Berry stated that the chief inspector ol stock in Tasmania denied the truth of the statement con ccrninr; the reported outbreak of scab, and declared Ihere was no dancer to be ap prehended. While of that opinion him self, If was still propared lo n.ient to the view of the deputation. Hut, hiving con sideration to our rcln'ions wilh tlio ad ioininc colonies, it would lw advisable to ailnpt the ISew South Wales regulation*, which irere tnorc fjtrinccut (hau imr own. I'he Tn^niiinian Crovrrntnpnt hare been notified of thig Jrcision. Dbhaxu fob Hera.— During tho last few daya, sayi tho Apr of Monday, a large lntors have succeeded in buying up all tho available ptirccb of Tasmaniai. and Victorian Imps, amounting in all to some 3200 bales; mid tho market has also been cleared nf Kents to tho oxtent of 160 to 200 pockets. Stocks are now contrnliaed, and holdera intend asking, we hear, Is. Gd. fnrTasinanian. Tho inovcmoiit is tho outcimie of tolegraniB received from Eng land, which speak despoadingly of the coming crop thorc. The Lash in tub Melboubne Gaol. — Tho puniHhment of floccini: was on Mondar. the Argut wytt administered to two prisonon, named Walter Khtthewg nnd John Ireland, who are at present undergoing sentence in the Melbourne Gaol. At the Central Criminal Court, on the 17th June, botli their nriaonen wore convicted of criminal aiianlta. Matthews waa aonU-noed by Judi;e Barry to (ire join impriflonment with hard Inbor, nni to rrccifff three flojtcincs of fiflcen tubei each ; vhilst Ireland was eenlenoed to four years iinpriionoiont with hard labor, tosethcr with three lloL'silisi of twelve lashei each. The first io«-a,|o)ent of their puniibmcnt wm on Monday meted oat by Qately, tho hangman. Huhkino op Hotnun Vilia.— The BUnniBO that the ^\are soon from Hohart Town on Wednesday ovoninir, arose from the burning of Mr Fr-nk EJ.vnnla1 rosi duncu at H on rah, Clarenco Plains, uu luinitily, tliu Mercury says, proves to ha true. Iho lire broke out at about 7 o'clock, and in an hour's timo (Jio haud ducud to oshos. It was built uf atono and brick and contained 14 liuyo rooms. In thu front and at cither side vrero wooden couservaturica, but tho unu in the loft of tho tiro, und contained a large quan tity of matches, aindlus, baga, and other inflammablo material. The Gro originated among the merchandise-, which burnt like i tindor, and ignited the ahinglo rnof of the | main building which buou becmio envel- | o»ed in flames. Tiio alarm was first given by Mr William Josonli who happened to bo passing (he placo at tho time, and he apnriBod Mr Edwards, who was watering his horse a short distance off after just co mini; homo. Every effort was mado by thoae gentlemen, assisted by Messrs Young and lJodder and other noighbars, who quickly assoiublod. to save tho furniture, for in the absence of extinguishing appli first, and a bed, somo boxes, and a few sma.ll articles wero got out. Tho lire being unchecked, ragod fiorculy, and getting an entire hold of the building left only the chimneys standing Tho property was not fully insured, and much sympathy ia ox pressed for Mr Edwards, raoru especially as ho only purchaaod tho property a fow months ago. Tho origin of the firo is un known, taut is conjectured to have beon caused by rats nibbling tho matches in the storc-houBO. ExrouTiTioK of Hoiiseb -Uy tho s«. Tflir&rtia;, which is announced to toave f-*r New Zealand to.Jsj (FriJay).lbe SSereury »«JT, Mr Alfred Page proeeeda to the latter nlaoe, and will take with bim ibe blood stallion Ringleader. The hors; is to be sold, and all sportsmen will regrot to hear or the departure Irom our shores of this well-bred animal, for since he bas been althe stud in Tusmnnio he hai been very popular wilh breeder!, \\\u stock being rery iromiiing. Hut iU Pane having Horatio, and other young sir.s coining on, i- compelled, very relijctantW, to pait with llingleadcr. Mr Wm. Nicliolas, or Name, also takes two cart stallions— a yearling snd a two-yearol I. Doth are well.^rown, and should find ready purchaser-. Thoy aio well-brrd, the other l)y Sir Walter Scott. MlBS CtHMICBAELl PifiSENOEn TUB TiSjoiiE— Miss l^rmicliael, the only lady turvinr from the ill-fotod ship Ljch Ard, was a pastongcr, (ho Argut Bays, on Tuesday for Siuthampton by tbo mail steamer Tanjore, aud Irom tbenc: she will proceed to Dublin to join some of her rrlitivei. She was accompanied to the ?learner by Mr and Mrs Gibion and several friends, aud Mr This. Pcarce was also there to say good-bye. Mi«i Car michaet appears to have quite recovered her health, but she iras, naturally, much afiectcd at having to say farewell lo those who have bean so kind lo her in her great largo crowd , principally of tht fair sex, on board the mail steamer, who wore present , apparently, Crom u dcsir-* to see the joun » lady, 