LORD HARRIS'S TEAM; VERSUS i SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (By Eleotrio Telegraph. — From our Own Correspondent.) ADELAIDE, This Day. I ho match commenced yesterday between Lord Harris's team and eighteen South Aus tralian players lias evoked much interest here, and the attendance to-day is again very satisfactory. The play yesterday is by competent judges considered quite up to any thing ever seen in the colony. Several of the colonials showed fine batting form, especially .Tarvis, wlio never gave a ghost of a chance, until lie rather foolishly ran himself out. The Englishmen bowled and fielded splendidly, but it was evident that they would never have had a show but for the two profes sional bowlers, Emmott and Ulyott. The left-hander is particularly difficult to play, and fairly puzzled most of the batsmen. Ulyett is very fast, and his bowling bumped a good deal, notwithstanding that the ivicket was a very good one. Hone's wicket - keeping wns very good, and Royle and others distinguished themselves in the field. . It was expected that the total of the South Australians would be topped by tho Englishmen, but at the close of the day's play there appeared a probability of it being nearly doubled, aa four wickets had then yielded within five of . the total. This result was mainly brought about by J. Webbe, '35, ' rnd A Hornby, 42 not out. Lord Harris failed to get into double figures, and Ulyett who is one of the best professional bats in England nad to retire without scoring. ' The weather was exceptionally hot, and tho attendance at the opening of the match very moderate, although it was expected that during the afternoon a very large number would put in an appearance. ; At exactly a quarter past 12 Hornby and Mackinnon resumed their places at tho wic kets, Maekinnon taking tho bowling from Hide. In the lost ball of the over ih0 was caught at the wicket by Jarvis, after having scored 5. The board now showed— 5 — 5 — 10C. Royle succeeded the out-going- batBman, but the two bowlers, Hide and Bevan, were so well on the wicket that rims were difficult to get, and after steady, patient play for some -overs Royle was run out, having only scored , 2. G— 2 — 113. Einmett was the next man, and Hornby made a fine cut for two, bringing Emmett opposite Bevan. Several maidens ensued, and tho fielding of the local team was generally admired, but a change quickly came over tbo spirit of the scene. The two men who were in set to work, and, hitting freely all round, ran the score up to a very material extent. Hornby making a magnificent ;hit to tho chains for 4 and braces being common with both batsmen. They played a fine pluckly game, and scored with a rapidity seldom witnessed in the colonies, but tlioy had ono or two narrow escapes from being run out. Lucas relieved Bovan, and when tho score had reached 139, King was put on to bowl ' in placo of Hide, and commenced with a maiden. In tho next over Emmett gave a chance to Hide at slip, which was missed, but immediately afterwards was caught at point by Phillips off the same bowling. 7— 1G— 141. The Eleven liad scored 150 with the loBsof 7' wickctB when our report closed. Tho full j re port will bo given in our Third Edition. 