INCAUTIOUS DIVING. An inquest was held by Mr. Candler at the Alfred Hospital yesterday on the body of Charles William Simmons, aged 33 years, who died there on the 31st ult, from the effects of an injury he sus tained whilst bathing on Wednesday last. James M'Pherson, a labourer, deposed that the deceased was his brother-in-law, that he was a blacksmith, and lived in Prahran, Witness and the deceased went to bathe on Wednesday last at Kenney's baths, St. Kilda. The deceased dived off the platform and shortly afterwards was seen struggling in the water. He was taken out by another bather, and it was then found that he had lost the use of his arms and legs. He was able to speak, and said he was hurt about the neck and back. Witness had him conveyed to the hospital. At the place place where the deceased dived the platform was 10ft, above the water, and the water was only 3ft. deep. He did not know the water was so shallow, but he did not impute blame to anybody. George Smith, coach-builder, said he was present when the accident occurred, and that some men called out to the deceased that the water was to shallow for diving but that he took no notice. There was a notice on a board about the shallow water. Archibald Colquhoun, resident surgeon at the Alfred Hospital, deposed that the cause of death had been injury to the spine, The jury found that the deceased died from an injury to the spine, caused by his diving in shallow water. The long continued drought and conso quent absence of water (states the "Echuca and Moama Advertiser,") is beginning to assume an increasingly serious aspect in some of the districts back from the rivers. Yesterday it was currently re ported in town that a selector residing on the Terricks, whose name we did not hear, was forced to drive all his cattle from his homestead for water, and on arriving at the place where he expected to find the much needed liquid, 15 miles from his selection, he was disappointed by discovering the dam wholly dried up. He then started for the next water, 25 miles away, but before reaching the desired goal his cattle fell dead from ex- haustion and thirst. A gun accident was reported to the police on Wednesday evening (says the Dunolly Express") and a lad named Albert Butters was arrested by Sergeant Cleary for having shot a boy named Gavagan in the left wrist and hip. The sufferer was conveyed to the Dunolly District Hospital, and his wounds at- tended to, which are not likely to prove of a dangerous character. The lad lost a great deal of blood, and several shots remained in the wound. Dr. Wolfendon, on Thursday, extracted some of the shot, and the patient is progressing favourably, It appears that Butters was about to prove the carrying capacity of his gun, and for this purpose was going to a part of the Old Lead near the railway line, While proceeding down Thompson street lie was loading the gun, and when near .'re\v's cottage stopped to put on the cap, or something of the sort, when, while thus standing, the gun went otf, and lodged the charge, as above stated, in the hand and hip of the lad Gavagan, who was walking about three yards in advance at the time, and received the charge in full force. A K steamer arrived at Batavia last evening, bringing about 200 messages from E urole' which were transmitted by cable forthwith. AMatter. at the seat of war appear to be very quiet-in fthct, it stated that terms ot peace have been signedl between the two power.s, This however , does not enda the question. as other powers are deterCminred to hayve a voice in the matter. The IBritish G?'vern ment has taken the alarming stop of asking for a supplementary vote for war contingency, and Lord Derby and the Earl of Carnarvu, have ihaided in their resignations to Lord Ileaconsleld. There is, however, a strong effort to be made to settle matters without a resort to arms, and the National Liberal Federation has invited all associated bodies to bestir themselves for the pro servationl of peace.-"Argus." We have this weak (says the Lancefteld fercury) the melancholy duty to record the death-by sunstroke-of the ron of Mr. Farkuhar M'Lure, of Pyaloeng. From what we can learn, it appears that the young man was engaged last Saturday in tailing cattle and that about four o'clock in the afternoon he was suddenly seized with a kind of stupor from which Ire never recovered. Medical aid was at once obtainel from Lancefleld and notwithstanding everything was done that possibly could be, the young follow died early on Sundlay mlninrig. The event threw quite a gloso over the district, as the young roau w~as well known and equally well res. pected, and sincere sympathy has been ex. pressed for the parents In tlis loss of their son so suddenly cut down, as he was just enteriing ulpon manhood. Th'e estimation in which the family are hold in the Lancefleld district was aamply shown by the large num. her who attended the funeral on Tues. day. Under the heading of " The ghost of a busbraugar," the 'i Itchus and Mo0aua Ad. vertiser" writes :-" It will appear that we have not heard the last of the notorious and once much dreaded Morgan the bushranger. There are, or rather were, a short timeo since a party of men living in a hut on Sir John O'Shanmtasy's Moira run, which hut hal tormerly been occupied by Mlurgan, Within the last few days the men have all abandloned this hut, declaring that it is hauntad. Every night, they aflirm, at the hour of midnight, there comes a knocking on the roof, which is accompanied by horrible sounds impossible to describe, and which prevent their getting any sleep. Some of themt boldly state thev have seen the ghost, and that it greatly resembles Morgan, Iowever, they are all .o terror-stricken that they prefer sleoping in the bush to living in a haunted hut." A case of death by sunstroke (The "Waranga Chronicle," states) occurred on Friday last. A daughter of M.r. Henry Wilkinson. Area ia, aged 13 years, was suddenly taken ill on Thursday afternoon, but as no serious synttoms nwere apparent, treatmentt was applied as in an ordinary case. On Friday morning however, she took a rapid change for the worse; a messenger was hastly despatched for medical aid, but before he could get started the child expired. The deceased had been playing in the sun most of the day previous to her death, and although no inquest was held, her parents are satisfied that the cause of death was sunstroke. A sad accident happened on Tuesday (says the " Mount Alexander Mail") to a young man named Bo1odiard, a resident at Strata, on the Loddon. lie started from home for the purpose of shooting rabbits, but as he was crossing a fence the gun went oil and shattered his arm and wrist very seriously. He lost a good deal of blood before he could reach a place of shelter. Afterwards he was brought to the hospital, and yesterday morning Dr. M'Grath found it necessary to amputate his arm under the elbow. A terrific storm, which did a larget amnount of damage to property, visited Traralgon last Saturday. At about 4 o'clock in the aftaruoon (says the Courier) a hurricane set in, and continued with great violence for some hours. Some noew buildings intended for the local mnechanies' institute, which were nearly completed, were blown to the ground, and two men were caught in the debris and severely injured. Verandahs were carried away, the roofs were blown off a number of houses, and the stables of the Traralgon hotel were turned upside down, two horses being buried alive, and a buggy smashed. A large number of trees were also destroyed, in some cases all the branches being carried away, whilst in others the trees were torn up by the roots. The "Argus" of Friday states the Mining department has rcceivod a report from Mr. Fletchber, mining registrar stating that a rush has taken place to a large fiat near Boggy Creek, about 10 miles from Jhirnsdale, and that the prospects arle good, the prospectors averaging about £4 10s. per weeok per man. The scarcity of water is a great detriment to the siners. who are there foro obliged to work close to the creek. nMr. Hale, mining registrar at Daylos. ford, reports a rush to Stony Creek, quartz being obtained yielding 5-oz. to the ton. FLORILINE - FOll THE TEETH AND BlaEATs'.-A. few drops of the liquid " Floriline " sprinkled on a wet tooth. brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth fromn all parasites or impurities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It re moves all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or tobacco smoke. " The Fragrant Floriline," being composed in part of Honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the tasto, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, :s. 3d. of all Chemists and Perftuiors. Prepared by Henry C. GALLUP, 493 Oxford-street L'\tdon, ADvIoc TO MIOTEIIs !--Are you broken In your rest by a sick child sufferinig the pain of outting teeooth P Go at once to a ohenist and get a bottle of' Mris. Wis SLOW'S SoOTHING SYusr. It will relieve the poor sufferer iinmmediately, It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste it produces natural, quiet sleep, by 're lieving the child f'om caiin, and the little cherub awakes "as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowls, and is the best knovwn remedy for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. OXYGEN IS LIFEr,--fD. BIosrIT's PclOS. nnoDY.~e. - Multitudes of Peoplo are hopelessly suffering fiom Debility, Nor vous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypoohondria, Timuidity, Indi gestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Memory, Lassitude, Want of Power &c;,, whose cases admit of a permainent cure by the new remedy PHOSPIIOI)YNE (Ozonic Oxygen), which at once allays all irritations and excitement, imparts now energy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these hitherto incurable and distressing maladies. Sold by all Client. ists and Druggists tlhrougihoutt t .o Globe. tse CAUTION. - HOSPIIORUS is sometimes sold in the formu of Pills and Lozenges; it should be generally known that every form where solid particles of Phosphorous are in combination is dan. gerous. It is therofore necessary that th epublho should be cautioned against the use of any form of Phosphorous not per 9ctly sloublo io water, 