IVAflCY RRAO'S GHOST. This ghostly entertainment, under the patronage of a large number of people — the larrikin element pre dominating-wos hold at tho Pavilion, Public Gardens, for tile first time in Launceston last night. Tho ar rangements for the different i lasses of scat* wore unavoidably defective, as ihure )b unly one door for admission from Tamar street to tho Pavilion, a passage having l)een made from tho Btrect ciitranco to tho building to prevent tho gardens being itiraded during alterations. Owing to this one anil all bad to ciiUh- by thu same door, and, although the. back scats were railed off, a good nia*;y puople, mostly drunk, jumped over the dirision during the entertainment, ostensibly to get to the doer, but no doubt actuated by curiosity to gain a closer inspection of tho mcji/u» operand! ni tho mystic acengg. The entertainment opened with four scenes — drawn by It. B. Cooper— from Goethe's opera Fault, representing Faust's studio in tlio University of Gottunburg. exterior of Marguerite's coUagc. a forest in Germany, and the ancient cnthodral at Heidelberg. In tho 6rst Bcene Faust is represented — tu in the opera — aa an old University doctor, seeking out nf his lore the elixir of life ; the appearance of tfephulophelos, and tlio subsequent tfiparition of Mnrguori'e— spinning. 'J'bu lost effect is very good. rcalUiic in the oxtreino, but yet retaining an unearthly transparency that made the Hesh creep. The jowol scene is also very good, the reality of Marguerite and the spinning wlietl beinp: like, and yet unlike, the tpparition. Fautt thruitinp; Ills sword Into nothingness when bo al tucks Ibe demon, alid the uneanlily laugh uf tbe Utter, have a very weird effect. Mar fUfrilo dying in the Cathedral and her iDbiequfnt reception by ancels, siinu! tunpously with McphiplopheleH dracRiOR Fault awsy to hip depths below, wii a nisstiTpiereof Bpectreseopic ctfect,aiidthe ?nRfls, unlike Ibe tradiiiosa) one« in wings nnj drapery, were arrayed in nlaize ball nro,.e. Tlii. wa- throloiim; .cene, an.l tbe wlinlc piece Il,rough6bt««- wonderful to bfliuM, I lie real bd9 u'nr---l blending moit my.teriou«ly. The ' Pdr.oo in Mirob of liia wife ' war arnusinp, and eccited mucli curiosity a. to how the diV ippeirsnofi nm acoompliihed. Tlie pirire wal Seib and bloori ; his wilo was the.imr, but yet they vanished in turns, one giving plare to tho other, and Bi'ng inc 'Ob where, oil *hero It roy little «ife (or hmband) gone.' The most smuiing, a. well or most varied, part of the entertainment was the haunted liouse. Lunder Blieskwell (Mr S'Arcr Head; ?u a nrrvoui gentleman who takes ?parln.nii in a house, which be nfter wardi discovers to bo hountcd. He is reading a newspaper, and, as be eiidearore to loothe hi. perturbed spirit with ft draught from a brandy bottle, lecB a molt liorriblo speotro mrrayed in white, with a. duthi hud, which uppeirj amidst bideoui tioius. Shcskwell send I for a carpenter who puts op boards in the place otcurtitn., which had mysteriouily din 'Ppetred. For liis job the oirpester Reta the muuificent tun of five pence, at whlob he ii very indlKDant In-hind Sliraliw.-ll's back. After a time Kliookwull geu bo welt acquainted with his ghastly viiitJints, ivlioiu turn aro roprusentud by sjlectral Policemou, Mailaine Carina of the Uaymarkot tboatro, London, D^nsouse, a blue demon, and a Sphinx, irho mysteriously iinuiipuluto a ]iiu, that bo siii|;s tbu gendarmes chorus with tho policomnn, 11 rts with the Carina and politely tells (ho blue demon, who appoars to bo bis particular aversion, to leavu tho prcniisus. Thu grim death's huad phantom, who Shoukwull fears terri bly, takes tlio latter in his arms and dis tlie two being well executed, as was also tho tiro round Madmuu Carina's druas. Tho scone cunciudus with all and ovory ol tlio ghosts turning extraordinary aomor* ladders, walking on thu ceiling,' and other both wondur and mluiiration. Amidst all this chaos, thu nuimKor appuars in thu comes from is a startling * and puzzling mysUsry. Tho wholo performanco witf gone through with prueitinn, each ghost noting his or ller part woll, and for u lint night thoro wore remarkably fow hitches which might naturally bo expected with mechanical effects in a strange building Tiic music n-as not brilliant nor tlio sing ing particularly i;ood. but tho oflucts of the sjiuctril apparitions amply atoned for this Blight deficiency. charncturs in tho scoue of tho Hauntei H.iiis- wore Mr and Mrs D'Arcy Read, IVfritliv (ifii^in \\.1 in« Fnnnv Ninliiit.t. Minn Violc-tte Smith, Messrs Johannes I'mett, Guorge Sidney Vouus, W. Davidson. J. Chapman, and H. Coley. The inedlaniim was manipulated by Mr .fames Chapman. J Jio ](imkin elonjcotivas unusually strong, and they whistled, stamped, and shouted according to their heights. One gentleman Iiossessed Buch an cxtranrdin&ry; vorsatile, ;een. and [rotverful whistle, that instead of wasting his abilities on the desert air of an entertainment wheru it is not appreci* atod, ho might gain an honest and remu nerative livelihood by studying music and ovuutually appearing beforo a discerning public as the ' human ' song bird. 