SHIP MAILS. General Post-Office, Adelaide, Friday, Jnly 28. Malls will be dispatched as under:— For Great Britain, Continent of Europe, North and South America, Cape of Good Hope and African Colonies (via Southampton), Continent of Europe via Italy .Mediterranean Ports, Mauritius, India, China, and Western Australia, by the contract packet to Point de Galle, as .under, subject to alteration according to the time the mail Bteamer is signalled as passing Cape Jervis :—For registered letters, on Thursday, August8, at 12noon; for newspaper*,at 1 p.m.; for letters,. _»t 2 p.m. For Great Britain, Continent of Europe, North and South America, Cape Good Hope and African Colonies, if for transmission through the United Kingdom (via Brindisi):— For registered letters, at 1 p.m.; for newspapers, at 1 p.m.; for letters, at 3 p.m. Tf the mail closes at above hours a supplementary mail for letters to or through Great Britain, via Brindisi only, on which a late fee of 6d. has been paid, will be made up at 4 p.m. at General Post-Office, and with late fee of 6d- at Post-Office, Glenelg, np to 6 j.m. A late-tee bag'will be hung up on board the i>. & O. Company's mail steamer carrying the outward mail, < in which Utters only -for the United Kingdom via Brindisi can be posted with a late fee of Is. each. Money-orders for advice by this mail mustbe obtained at the Chief Office before 12 noon (in Thursday, August 8. For Great Britain, Europe, India, and Mediterranean Ports, via Torres Straits, Der steamer to Melbourne, on Tuesday, Jnly 30, at 1 p.m. For Cape of Good Hope, by the Nile, to Port Elizabeth, this day, Friday, July 26, at 1.15 p.m. For Victoria, overland, this day, Friday, July 26, at 2.30 p.m.—late letters with fee of 2d. up to 2.45 p.m. For Queensland, by the Harriet Armitage, to Townsville, this day, Friday, July 26, at 1.45 p.m. For Tasmania, by the Pet, tc Hobart Town, an Saturday, July 27, at 1.45 p.m. For Stanshury, by the Ceres (steamer), on Saturday, July 27, at 7.1S a.m. For Ardrossan, by the Wakefield (steamer), on Saturday, July 27, at 7.15 a.m. For Moonta, Wallaroo, and Port Pirie, by the Emu (steamer), on Saturday, July 27, at 1.45 p.m. For Port Augusta, by the Flinders (steamer), OB Saturday, July 27, at 10.15 a-m. JOHN BTJNYAN.—The opening lecture in connection with the Chalmers Church Young Men's Literary Society was delivered in the schoolroom , on Thursday evening, July 25, by the Rev. D. Paton, who took for his subject " John Bimyan." Mr. H. Young presided. There was a fair attendance, notwithstanding the inclement weather. The lecturer did full justice to tbe subject of his discourse, drawing largely from the autobiography of Bunyan, and reading a summary of his second great allegory, the "Holy War," commenting upon the salient points to show the earnest character of the extra- ordinary man whose early life gave so little promise, but whose after career made him a world-famous moral teacher. He spoke of the depth of meaning, subtle humour,_ pertinent, powerful, yet simple style of writing in the "Holy War," wherein Bunyan displayed a deep knowledge of human nature and a firm purpose towards a noble esd. In reference to his masterpiece,the"Pilgrim's Progress," thelecturerdwelt upon the genius displayed in this beautiful . allegory, and the power of fascination it had over the reader. To the power and skill of the author he attributed the to some surprising | fact that a story containing a hidden meaning, written for a high moral purpose, should obtain so wide and general a popularity. WANTS OF KULPAEA.—A deputation, consisting of Messrs. P. Daniel, R. Hamdorff, B. Stephens, J. P. Spiy, J. Richardson, L. Hewitt, J.P., with Messrs. Boss and Furner, MP.'s, waited upon the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Wednesday, July 24. with reference to the proposed District of Port Wakefield. It strongly urged by the deputation that great injustice would be inflicted on the residents of Kulpara if they were included, as proposed, within the said district, as their interests were not identical, and that .nearly the whole of the residents of Kulpara were opposed to the proposal. It was also urged that the proposed District of Kulpara would be much more advantageous to the residents on that side, and that they were quite capable of managing th^ir own affairs without being tacked on to Port Wakefield. The Commissioner promised to give the matter his careful attention with a view to complying with the wishes of the deputation when it came before him for decision. The same deputation waited upon the Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker) in reference to the shifting of the railway station from the proposed spot seven miles from Port Wakefield. The Commissioner promised to send an engineer to meet the inhabitantSon the ground on Tuesday next. NEABLY CAUGHT.—A few months ago (says the Southern Argus of July 25) many perrons were frightened and some depredations were done by some person who. assumed the role of a ghost. The same person or an imitator has commenced playing the same pranks again. On Monday evening, about half-past 11, the inmates of the house belonging to the late Mr. J. R. Harris were disturbed by a noise at the back door. On the housekeeper proceeding to ascertain the cause she was startled by the figure of a person enveloped in a white sheet. She had the courage, however, to seize a corner of :the sheet and demand who was there. A neighbour coming up at the time and attracting the housekeeper's attention, the ghost, who was unmistakably of the feminine gender, escaped. Shrewd suspicions are entertained of the identity of the party, and she will consult her own safety by discontinuing her disgraceful conduct. THE GIANT TEEES OF TASMANIA.—In a paper read by the Rev. J. E. Tenison Woods before the Royal Society of New South Wales he gives it as his opinion that the ages of the giant tree of Tasmania range from 50 to 75 years. POET BBOUGHTON .—It is believed that the channel at Port Broughton has shifted. The Engineer of Harbours and Jetties has suggested that the outer beacon shall be shifted 500 or 600 feet south of the present position, and the next one about 50 feet south. The reference to the subject will be found in Mr. Hickson's monthly report for June, read at the last meeting of the Marine Board. 