THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DaILYJ "PROGRESalOJT, OCR 1UQUTS, and <7UK 3KSUOR0ES SANDBURST. MONDAY, JULY 7. 1378. THE MANDURANG DEMONSTRATION. *\Ve publish this morning our usual pionthly summary for transmission by tlia out-going Suez mail steamer. We give the main features of the political history of tho month necessarily in a brief form. Amongst them we may refer here to the return of Mr. Casey from Europe, as that gentleman is this evening to be entertainod by his constituents in the neighboring town of Eaglehawk. The object is to accord him a hearty welcome, and to congratulata him on the success achieved by him in his mission as the representative of the colony at the Paris Exhibition. This gentleman has re presented the district for which ho now sits for the past sixteen years, during which period he has occupied a prominent position as a public man and statesman. It must be highly satisfactory to him to find that he still retains the good opinions of his constituents, who have hastened to show their appreciation of his services to themselves and to the colony generally. The ability shown by him in the successful discharge of his mission to Europe must bo generally acknow ledged. He surmounted many difficul ties which might have proved insuperable in the hands of a loss energetic and com petent man, and we are glad to find that his services were appreciated in very high quarters at home, from which he received highly flattering attentions, proving that the ability and energy, for which he receives credit here did not escape recognition there. The welcome to bo gjven to him to-day will, we believe, bo independent of all political considerations, and will be accorded by the united constituency. It would be a great pity, as well as a great mistake, that the demonstration should be allowed to take any other stamp. It has been more than hinted that he has in view the formation of a third party in politics. For our own. parts, we do not anticipate any such hasty procedure by him. We look for a distinct and decided enunciation of his views in Parliament, but it is scarcely reasonable to ask him imme diately on landing, after having had his thoughts directed for some time to other matters, to commit himself to any particular line with respect to politics. We have passed through a groat crisis during his absence, but the asperities created by it are being gradually smoothed dovrn, and the necessity for special intervention has in a great measure passed away. It depends on what arises in tlie session of Parliament about to commence, whether the formation of a third party will becomo necessary. But rumor credits Mr. Casey with having so many and diverse objects in view, that he will find it difficult to account for them all. If he expects a judgeship, he won't form a third political party, but however desirable a seat on the Supremo bench may bo in his eyes, the probabilities are that he will continue to fill his political position for some considerable time to come. At all events he has returned, according to the understanding with his constituents on his departure for Europe, in order to proceed with his legisla tive duties. Having beon a promi nent and popular member of tho Francis Ministry lie is regarded by many as a coming mi>n, and not a few, doubtless, would urge hini to Joap into a leading position at onco. But sueh a proceeding would be premature, and tho demonstration, as is advisable, will likely be confined to a welcome to a returned old colonist, who has successfully discharged the duties with which ho was entrusted in his visit to the old countries. Parliament meets to-morrow, and during the next few weeko there can be little doubt that ample opportunity ivill be afforded the lion, mem ber for Mandurang of giving unequivocal ex pression to his political views. In the mean time, however anxious some people may be to be made acquainted with them, it is more than likely, we imagine, they will have to wait for his deliverance of them in his place in the Assembly. Crowded Out.—In consequence of pressure 1 on our space, arising from tho publication of our usual mail summaiy tliis morning, m are compelled to hold over some interesting items, together with one or two letters. Mr. A. E. Moore'a .communication shall appear in onr uext issue. The Australian Eleven.—Tho Australians have, we learn from a Heutor'a London tele gram, dated 6th July, sustained another defeat in the match against Eighteen of Stockport. Tho Stockport team won by 140 runs. A: match, th? result of which will be awaited with interest, will be commenced to-day, whon the Australians will meet Jlr. G. F. Thornton's team (tho Orleans Club), "which comprises eleven players all ranking amongst tha be3t to be found iu England. Impoktakt to Electors.—It is important; that ratepayers should remember that this is the last day on which the voters' lists for the various municipalities in the district will be opsn for inspection. It should be the duty of ail ratepayers to ascertain whether tlioir names are correctly entered on the list, and in the event of any omissions or errors being dis covered, to talis ef.eps to have the same reme died at the Revision Goqffc of their respective districts. It is necessary to the .conservation of the voting privilege at Parliamentary .ejections that this course should be adopted, for the i electoral lists, or at least that portion of them which 4oes not depend on electors' rights, are now compiled from the burgess rolls. Tho im portance of tiie K&tter; will, therefore, bo readily understood. Alleged Robbert.—We meptioned in our issue of Saturday that two men,'n&tn;«d John Ncgas and Benjanin Widders, "had beeij j arrested on Friday night on the chaigc ot having assaulted,one Henry Brown, and robbod him of four £1 note3. The prisoners were brought up at the City Poliqe ,Ceurt on Satur day. but as the c^se for the prosecution bid not been prepared they were remanded until tp-day, bail being allowed to each in one approved surety of £50, and tlis prisoners themselves in like amount. Gold, Calls, and Dividends.—The. yield of gold for the week is about 3,500 ozs. The large sum of £7,446 9s.~ 6il. has been declared in dividends as against £200 made in calls. The Foece of Argument.—In the County Court on Saturday, during the hearing of the case of Edwards t. Bougla.3, Mr. Helm, counsel for the defence, was examining one of plaintiff's witnesses, who apparently did not fully appre ciate the line of crooi-examination to which he was subjected, and opened an argument with the learned counsel, who very soon, however, withdrew from the contest by remarking that he was not there to argue with the witness, but the judge. The judge corrected counsel by saying thj.t ho was not to argue with the court, but with Mr. M'Dcrmott, counsel for the plaintiff, to which Mr. Helm jocularly replied that he did not desire to argue with Mr. M'Derinott; the only kind of argument to which he was suscep tible was that delivered with the butt end of a pistol, a roraark which not inaptly conveys a sense of the pertinacity with which Sir. M'Der inott cliugs to his view of a question. Would luch a striking. argument as that indicated by Mr. Helm be termed, in legal phraseology, " a clincher." Increased Value of Mining Stocks.;—In auother column will be found a comparative statement showing the large increase in tho prices of the various raining stocks within the last four weeks. The comparisons are made between the week in which the first symptoms of ft revival were apparent, and the olose of the market ou Saturday night, ai.d it will bo found that in many cases stocks which wero almost valueless have become marketable at respeotable figures; others have doubled themselves in value, whilst the dividend-paying stocks are greatly increased in price, although they have in the interim paid several dividends. To all appearance, the advance in prices has a healthy foundation, and is likely to continue for some time to come. The Synagogue.—A meeting of the ladies and gentlemen of the Hebrew persuasion was held at the Synagogue yesterday, for the pur pose of considering what steps should be taken uy which the dobt on the Synagogue, amounting to £300, might be cleared off. There was a large attendance, and Mr. G. P. Joseph occu pied the chair. A letter was read from Mr. B. Lazarus, regretting his inability to attend, ami enclosing a cheque for £50 on behalf of Mrs. Lazarus and himself, which was received, and the thanks of the congregation accosded to Mr. Lazarus for hi* handsome donations. Several suggestions were then made, amongst them being an art union, a bazaar, debentures, etc. "Mr. M. Samuel said he considered the money should be raised by subscription, and provided the balance was collected within a month he would, on behalf of Mrs. Samuel and himself, give a subscription of £100. He then moved that Messrs. (i. P. Joseph, Jacob Colin, Charles Cohen, J. Moody, and M. Barnett be appointed a committee to carry out the proposal. This was seconded by Mr, F, B. Lewis, and carried. The following subscriptions were then announced:—Mr. and Mrs. Samuel, £100; Mr. and Mrs. Lazarus, £50; Mr. G. P. Joseph, £'25; Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Colin, £20; Mr. and Mrs. Moody, £5; Mr. and Mrs. M. Barnett, £5 5s.; total, £205 5s. A vote of thanks to the ladies for their attendance, and a similar compliment to the chairman, concluded the proceedings, it being understood that another meeting should be held in a month's time, if found necessary. Count? Court.—On Saturday Judge Bindon proceeded with the business of the court, but succeeded iu only disposing of one case before the rising of the court, which stands adjourned till Tuesday next at half-past nine a.m.' The case which waa disposed of was an action brought by a farmer named Edwards, residing at Woodstock, against a neighboring land owner named J. Douglas for the recovery of £75 damages caused by the defendant flooding plaintiff's land. The facts simply are that Douglas constructed a dam embankment over a watercourse, and after a heavy rainfall this small reservoir overflowed on to the plaintiffs land. It was also elicited during the hearing of the plaintiffs case that Edwards had made a small furrow which had directed the drainage water into the watercourse obstructed by de fendant. Tiie judge ruled a nonsuit on a point raised of contributory negligence. Mr. M'Dermott, instructed by Mr. Wrixon, ap peared for the plaintiff, and Messrs. Helm and Smith, instructed by Messrs. Brown and Ellison, for the defendant. The Bf.ndigo Races.—The Railway Depart ment have acceded to the request of the Bendigo Jockey Club to allow the eleven o'clock train from Echuca to drop passengers at the race course platform. This will enable the up country visitors to see all the racis but the first. An Impudent Impostor.—An individual named John Weir perpetrated a barefaced piece of swindling on Thursday night last, the victim of which was Mr. It. Williams, of the Rose of Australia Hotel, Long Gully. Weir, it ap pears, called at the hotel on the night men tioned, and represented that he had come down from the Darling, that he had sent his money through the Bank of Victoria, and that ho had spent all he had reserved for expenses on the road, requested to be provided with a bed and the meals he required, promising to pay next day. Mr. Williams, he said, could accompany him to tlia bank on Friday and get his money, ilr. Williams complied with the request, and on Friday started oif with tho man to Sand hurst. On reaching the city, however, Weir gave his companion the slip, and returned to the hotel, told Mrs. Cad well, tho housekeeper, that he had made it all right with her master, shouted os. Gd. for drinks, and borrowed 6d. to get some tobacco. He afterwards wanted to borrow 10s. or 12s. to go to Marong to get his swag, saying tho master had got his money. He did not succeed in getting the money, how ever, and on Mr. Williams' return shortly after wards the true fact3 were discovered. Con stable Anderson was communicated with, and the prisoner was arrested. He was brought up at the City Police Court on Saturday, charged with having fraudulently imposed on Mr. Wil liams. The police gave him the name of a regular Jeremy Diddler, and Mr. M. Rundell, u.who presided on tho bench, sentenced him to 12 'months' imprisonment. Death at the Hospital.—August Resell ue, aged 51, who was admitted, on 3rd June, suffer ing from an injury to the spine, caused by an accident at the mine of the Great Comet Tri bute Company, died in the above institution at 4.30 p.m. on Saturday. An inquest will be held at half-past ten o'clock this morning. Codnty Court.—The following ia a list of cases to be disposed ot whan the court resume» its sittings ou Tuesday morning at ten o'clock : —Adds v. Ketz, Fletcher y. \yhito, Moorhejd v. M'Carthy, Pabst v. Glommow, Monash v. Ingham, Patton v. Cahill, O'Donnell v. Eoid. Wednesday—Glomeut v. H. Majnard, Nichol son v. H. Maynard, Thornday v, Bray, ftjickles v. Randalls. Dr. Somervillu's Lectoue.—This evening, at the Eoys.1 Princess Theatre, the Eav, Dr. Somerville will deliver his farewell lecturo iu Sandhurst, taking for bis subject "The Fiery Furnace." It is unnecessary to say anything about tl)c abilities of tha rev. lecturer, as they are already w.ell known. The object, too, is a laud able one^-that ,o£ Ijeqetitiug tha Sandhurst Young Men's Christian Association, which here tofore has been prevented from pxtonding its Ephere of usefulness for want of funds. The subject of the lecture to bo delivered this even ing has, we are given to understand, formad the theme of the rev. doctor'3 utterances many times throughout the colonies, and has drawn thou sands to hear it. The tickets are going off rapidly, and it would perhaps be advisable for those who desire to procure a comfortable seat to purchase tickets at the Various booksellers .throughout the city, where they aro advertised to bo had, as by so doing they will greatly facilitate admittance. Tho United Evangelical Choir will attend under tho leadership of Mr. \V. F. Some'rville, and.'will render several hymns ijOW to Sandhurst audiences." AcnjpEh"T.-rA man named Eicc, lmng at Howard Place, who appeared "to have been imbibing rather freely, met with an accident yesterday. Ho was driving a buggy which he had hired from Crawford's livary stables, and when passing along the Ironbark road, near tho Quartz Miners' Arms Hotei, he fell from the vehicle on to the road. He landed on his fore head, and sustained severe cuts and contusions near tho temple. Ho was lifted up stunned and almost insensible, and carried into the Quartz Miners' Arms. Dr. James Boyd, who waa sent for, arrived shortly afterwards and dressed the wounds. After t(;<} accident tho horso galloped direct to the stable, whiol} );e reached with the vohiclo without further mishap. The Weather.—On Saturday the morning opened dull and cloudy, but mild in tempera ture. As the day wore on the clouds dispersed, and the afternoon was delightful. During the: ■whole of Sunday tlje sky was overcast, but no rain foil, although the cJojjcb at times looked! very threatening. There was scaroaly any wind, and the temperature was cool and bracing. Qt late frosts have fallen at nights regularly. St. Andrew's Church Bazaar.—Tho mem bers of the ladies' committee in charge of this bazaar desire to return their cordial thanks for the numerous and valuable contributions already rooeived, and request that any articles not already sent will be forwarded at latest by to morrow morning. Bendioo A&sjcultdual; Society.—Tho usual monthly meeting of the cqmmitteo of the above society was held on Saturday.' Amongst the busi ness transacted was the alteration of the date of the holding of tho Spring Show. The dates origin ally fixed on were the Gth and 7th November, but awing to tha Melbourne Show haviug been subsequently fixed for that date, it was doemed advisable to flter the date of the Bendigo Show. It was accordingly decided that the Spring Show should' be held on .the 23rd And 24th October. ' The 'ate\vat-ds ' and judges'7 for tho ensuing ploughing match iiud 'the stewards for tho horse'.parade were appointed, and'arra'nge njenta made' for the preparation of tho prize schedule for the Spring iihow. Welcome to the Hon. J. 3. Casey.—Tha hon. J. J. Casey arrived in Sandhurst by the afternoon train on Saturday la«t. Wo believe he ia staying at the Shamrock Hotel. This evening at the Tovrn Hall, Eaglehawk, the hon. gentleman will be presented on behalf of the electors of Mandurang with an address of wel come on his return to the coloay. The meeting will take place at half-past seven o'clock; the Mayor of Eaglehawk (Mr. H. Kirkwood) will preside. New Barrister.—Our Melbourne correspon dent, writing on Saturday, states:—Amongst the gentlemen who will be admitted to practice as barristers of the Supreme Court, on Monday next, the last day of Trinity term, is Mr. John Quick, L. L. B., who was for years engaged oi» the reporting staff of the Bekdiqo Advertiser, and is now law reporter for the Age. Mr. Quick appeared before the board of examiners for barristers this morning, and upon producing his University degree, obtained his certificate for admission to the bar. The honorable dis tinction which this young gentleman has won, is a fitting reward for a long course of arduous study, pursued with indomitable perseverance, amidst all the disadvantages under which a re porter must necessarily labor, and I congratulate him upon his success. Weslet.u< Chukcli, Forest-sthbst.—Spocial services were held in the Wesleyan Church, Forest-street, yesterday morning and evening in aid of the home mission. The morning service was conducted by the Iiev. J. Watsford, presi dent of the General Conference, and lie de livered-a discourse from tlio 4th verse, Acts of the Apostles, 2nd chapter, " And they were all tilled with tho Holy Ghost, and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance." On these words the rov. gentleman delivered a very impressive and eloquent ser mon, and throughout ho commanded the atten tion of the congregation. In the evening the Rev. W. H. Fitchett presided. Both moruing and evening there were large congregations. A public meeting will be held to- morrovy evening in connection with the mission, when addresses will be delivered by the Revs. Wataford, Fitchett and other gentlemen. A Thousand Miles in a Thousand Hours.— Wa understand that efforts are boing made to ! arrange for a match in Sandhurst, in which a thousand miles are to be walked in a thousand I hours. At the meeting of the City Council, on Friday last, a letter was read from W. Wilson, requesting permission to use the Agricultural Show ground forsix weeks for the purpaseof bringing off a walking match. The Council granted the appli cation oij condition that the Agricultural Society would not require tho use of it in the meantime. At tho meeting of tha Society on Saturday a letter was read from thfe Council, inquiring whether tho yards would be required for show purposes within the time named. A reply is to bo forwarded that the horse parade, under the auspices of tho society, is to be hold on the 6th August, or in about a month's time. The name of tha person who is to es«ay the wearisome task has not transpired. Coursing.—An advertisament elsewhere in timates that a coursing match will be held at Footc's Hotel, Epsom, to-day. The prize is a double-barrelled gun and case. Swan Hill Railway League.—A meeting of the Haywood committee of the abovo leaguo will be held, in the council chambers, Haywood, on Wednesday next, at seven p.m. Revision Coort.—A Revision Court will be held in the Town Hall, Sandhurst, on the loth inst. All Saints' Sunday School.—A tea and public meeting in aid of the funds of the above school will be held in the school-room tUiB even ing. Tea will be on the tables at half-past six o'clock. At the public meeting, which will commence at eight o'clock, addresses will be de livered by the Lord Bishop of Melbourne, the Venerable Archdeacon Crawford, the Revs. W. Chalmers, Canon MacCullagH, J. Carlisle, and W. R. Croxtou. Eaglshawk Police Court.—Mr. Webster, P.M., presided at this court on Saturday, and fined a man named Alfred Sayers 5s., with '2s. 6J. costs, for cutting timber of less than twelve iuches in diameter on Crown lands. In a similar case the summons had not been served. A civil case, in which there was no appearance, was struck out, and the court adjourueii. Eaqlehawk Warden's Court.—The appli cation of Henry Brown, for 9a. lOr. 2p. of laud at Devil's Gully, for mining purposes, was or dered by tho warden, JMr. Webster, to bo for warded to the department. St. James's Hall.—On Saturday evening Ben Allah, the illusionist and ventriloquist, repeated his performance to a good house. Nothing fresh was introduced, and the enter tainment concluded as usual with a distribution of gifts. An electro-platod tea and coffee ser vice was wou by ticket No. 318, Mr. B. J. Collins, and a silver hunting watch by Mr. Lancaster, with ticket No. 79. Several other articles of small value were also given away. Thanks.—Through our advertising columns Mrs. Robert Dunnington returns thanks to her friends for their kind expressions of sympathy and condolence tendered to hor in her late bereavement through the death of her hus band. New Pathsts.—Letters patent have recently been granted to Mr. Charles Miscainblo, of Golden-square, Sandhurst, engineer, for certain improvements in apparatus for tapping main piping, such aa gas and water mains, by which this operation can bo performed whilst the mains are full, without any appreciable waste or loss of pressure. This invention has been suc cessfully tried at Sandhurst. Lettera patent have also been recently granted to Mr. Henri HerreHachmidt, C.E., of Yarravillo, for an im proved process of manufacturing steel from chrome iron are. This invention has been de signed for the purpose of utilising tho low class chrome iron ore so largely found in Tasmania, and which hitherto has proved itself to bo of little or no practical value. It has already paased tho stage of experiment, inasmuch as s eel has been producod by it which ha3 been pronounced by the first Englith authorities to be of the very finest quality. Tho process ia simple and inexpensive, and is likely to put a considerable value on these at present worthless ores. Mr. Wators conductod both applications. —Argus. The PnorosED New Railways.—A telegram in the Age states that much indignation i« felt at East Charlton in consequence of the line of mil way to that; place from Inglewood being left out of the railways scheme submitted by the Minister of Railways to the Cabinet. A dopn tation will be sent to tho Govornmenfc to urge the claims of the district. It is believed that Mossrs. Grant and Davies, the former more particularly, havo not properly represented to the Government the necossity for railway ex tension to the district, as they should havo done. A Serious Charge.—A serious charge was made against the President of the Romsey Shire Council, Mr. Thomas Little, at their meating on Friday. The poundkeeper, Andrew Madigan, wrote to the effect that the president had asked him on several occasions to falsify the pound books, promising that he would befriend him in the council. The documents further allege that certain statements made by the president against the poundkeeper at the last meeting of the Romsey Shire were untrue, and without founda tion. The council thought the matter serious enough to be dealt with by the Criminal Court, and declined to take action. Tl!K AUSTRALIAN CB.ICK.KTER3 IN EXGLA.ND.— The Australian JSleyen commenced a match to day against 18 of Stockport, The Australians went in firit, and their innings closed for 163, of which Bayley made 34, and Blaokham 33. Stockport, in their first innings, had one out for 18\. The attendance at the match was only moderate.—Argus telegram of 4th July. The Vise Disease. -The report of the in spectors appointed under the act for the eradi cation of the phylloxera vastatrix, which ap peared amongst the vineyards in the Geelong distriet, will shortly be ready for publication. It will include a special ropcrt giving details of tho value of vines that had to be destroyed. It is estimated that the compensation that will havo to be giren'to those vignerona whose vines haii tp be destroyed Hi order to prevent the spread of tho scourgo, will nofarn'oufit in the aggregate to a very Urge sipn.— Age. Parliament.—Parliament re,as^eipbles 03 Tuesday next, and it may be anticipated (states the Age) that the Governor's speech will con tain matters of more than ordinary interest. It is not, however, anticipated that a prolonged discussion will occur on the programme to be submitted to the House, and the earliest oppor tunity will be taken to give notioe of the first reading of the Constitutional Reform Bill, which it is expected will bo brought in early in the following week. After the sessional orders are disposed of the estimates of expenditure will be presented, and it ivpresumed that a SupplyjBill will be passed through all its stageB during the coming week, to provide for certain necessary payments. The first reading of the Con stitutional Roform ;Bill Will; it is expected, take place on Tuesday,' the lfith instant," and it iB not improbable that tijc budget speech 'ihay be : made on the following Thursday. This oppor tunity, it may be assumed, will be taken by'the Premier to Btato the policy of the Government in connection with the proposed loan, the general plan of railway extension, including the purchaso of the Hobson'a Bay Railway and the erection of the National Exhibition Building. Aftor the disposal of the Constitutional Reform Bill in the Assembly, several measures of an important character will be brought forward simultaneously, more than one of them arising out of the inquiries carried on by the various royal commissions that have been appointed during the recess. The Reform Bill wil, how ever, occupy the central position of interest: and there can be no doubt that tho Ministry will studiously avoid permitting any side issue ] to interfere with its progress. Tho amendment of the Land Act, and law and electoral reform, ! ara subjects which probably Parliament will ba invited to consider when tba- principal measuro 1 of the session is disposed of;' ' 