The Reviewer. The Witch of Endor.* WE have received a sermon entitled "The Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritualism," preached in St. Paul's, Melbourne, by William P. Pearce, M.A. The sermon is short, forcible, and possessing a simple gram of styl* that causes us a sigh over the recollection of oertaln long-winded inflictiona that have added auch an unnecessary delefulness to mapy of our Sundays. Mr. Pearce, looking upon spiritism as an nn* mitigated sham, is anxious that spiritualists should have no precedent in Scripture for the power they cldm of calling baok the spirits bf the departed from another world. For tbia purpoM he telle the atory of Saul'a visit to the Witch of Endor, a*ad her calling np the spirit of Samuel to foretell the giant king's doom, snd remarks en passant on the similarity of the interview when, toiling through the darknees and silence, Saul reach** the cavern of the Witch of Endor, to that of Macbeth'a aecond meeting with th* Weird Siatora. Both king* wanted to hear their fate*, not from the witches, but from tbe apirit* whom th* witches were supposed to be able to bring up. She of Endor give* Saul his choice of spirits, and he rays, " Bring me up Samuel." Macbeth learns bis doom from the crownod child — Saul his from the spirit of ths. dead prophet he hM told tbe witch to summon, and who appean m an old man "covered with a mantle." The prostra tion of the king on hearing the terrible prophecy of his death and ahameful defeat from the apparition wm hardly to be wondered at from the effect of bad newa on an empty stomach (" for he had eaten no bread all tbe day, nor all the night"); but the questions of chief intereet in the atory are—Did Samuel redly appear at all ? and, if he did, wm he oalled by the old woman who lived in the cavern and enjoyed suoh supernatural repute ? Mr. Pearce has a very distinct and sensible anawer to each. As to Saul seeing the apparition, he uys :— " I think the narrative makes it clear that Saul did not see the ghost, becauM be Mka the witch, 'What form ia he of?' and she said, 'An old man cometh up and he ia covered with a mantle.' ' And Saul perceived (from her description) that it wm Samuel, and he stooped with his face to the ground, and bowed himself.' I venture to submit that this account is quito oonaistent with Saul'a sever seeing the ghost atalL Secondly, did the witch ace it? Bear in mind that Saul wm a persecutor of witches. Bear in mind that Saul had add, 'Bring up Samuel.' The woman knew, therefore, whom he wanted to see. Sbe bad pro bably frequently seen Samuel alive, and would, of coune, be able from memory to describe him m 'an old man covered with a aunt?*/ the uaual garment of prophets. She would be quite sure tbat, had ahe admitted her inability to rabe the ghost of the man Saul wished to ace, she would have admitted that ahe wm an impostor ; and, that being ao, the murderer of the priests wonld have thought no more of killing her than of cruahing a fly. Fear, therefore, may have led her to invent the appearance of the ghost, to retain her power and influence over the king m a witch—m many snd many a witch lusdone since. "The prophecy of the apparition presents a greater difficulty, as, if the ghost didn't come up, where did the prophecy come from ? The answer is, may it not have proceeded from the King's overwrought brain ? He had been more or less mad &U; his life, he wm weak and exhausted from long fasting, and he wm within a few houn of his death. Vow it bM been add, and by aome believed, that tbe brain of a man who is about to die, when not clouded or obscured bj* Ulness, is more susceptible of vivid impressions than when in the midst of life. The diseased and clouded brain of Saul may have * "The Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritaaliam." A sermon preached in tit Paul's, Melbourne, on Snoday, November 10,1878, by WUliam P. Pears*, HA. Saaaael Mullen, CoUiM-atieet Esst deared and brightened on the threshold of im* mortality, and the shadow of his approaching end, aad of the destruction of his kingdom, may have, m it were, intuitivdy presented them sdves to his mind, without a vititation from tbe other world at aU. " This fact in psychological sdence—via.,thatin men and women of tbat exdtable nervous tem perament wbioh ia known m 'hysterical' tbe expectation of a certain reault ia often sufficient to evoke it—ia ably illustrated by Dr. Carpenter in hia lectures on mesmerism and apiritualiam. Saul had made up his mind—a mind diaordered and weakened by intervals of insanity, by mis* fortune, by watching, over-fatigue, and long fasting—Saul had made up his mind that be wm to hear hie fate from tbe lipe of the man whom all hia life he had feared and believed in, and he wss, in a word, ' Mlf- deceived and aoell* bound by the predominance of a nlf-eonoeived idea.' " Tbis is a view of th* subject which may be fairly urged, without putting a forced construc tion on the Scripture aooount But if we take the other view—namely, that an appearanoe, or ghoat of Samuel, actually rom out of tbe earth, and propheeied to Saul hi* death and the de* •truotion of bia kingdom—then the queation ariaee: Wm thia appearanoe the work of God, or of the Witch of Endor ? Now, I for my part don't believe the witch had anything more to do with it than anyone who ia titting in thia churoh. To begin with: If she mw Samuel at all, ahe didn't expect to am him, for ahe ' cried with a loud voioe.' Tbia of itaelf ia conclusive to my mind ; but, if it wen not, I am unable to find, dther in Scripture or out of it, any authenti cated instanoe of power given to man to call baok the spirits of the departed from another world." We have no difficulty in agreeing with Mr. Peerc* that th* witch had no specid power, that she wm probably m arrant an old humbug m many spiritualists of the preeent day, though with the advantage of mon picturesque sur roundings than our concert-room dominaton of tb* world of spirits. But is it really neoeesary to go back to ancient writ to cut the ground from under tbe feet of suchaeballow attempt to trade upon that awe of the supernatural inherent in au m modern apiritualiam ? A voioe from the', Sulpit, though eloquently raised,is hardly needed, idioule may be allowed to work tbe eun of so transparent a sham m one's deceased aunt being aummoned to write rubbish. on a slate. We remember attending a seance and being, though unbelieving to the very marrow, rather soared at a cold clammy hand being pnt into onr own under tbe table in a darkened room, which turned out after to be a gentleman* foot with a ring on th* to*. W* hay*. not believed in. spiritualism ainoe, and with onr eeder oonrntenoe should probably bar* b**n mon soeptioal than King Saul of th* powen of th* Witch of Endor. 