ST. MAEY'S CATHEDRAL. On Sunday nf ternoon the ceremony of blessing the foundation stone of St. Mary's Cathedral took place at Hobart Town, the Mercury says. A similar ceremony was performed by \\\\\\-i late Bishorj Willson on Septembtr 12, I860, on which occasion His Excellency. Sir Henry Fox Young and Lady Young, with many colonial officials, attended, and an eloquent discourse was deliverod by the R,av. Father Ryan, who was then on a visit from one of the other colonies. The contract, let at that time to a Melbourne builder of the name of Young, to erect a certain portion of the csthedral, after designs furnished by Mr Wardell, archi tect, also of Victoria, turned out to be inefficiently performed, and after the use of the structure for Divine worship for some lime, the imperfections wero found to bo so serious thnt it was dangerous to use the building, and it became necsssnry to have it rebuilt. Amongst other funds available for the original work was the liberal bequest of £10,000 by the lute Mr Roderick O'Connor, and it is deeply to bo regretted that such a munificent gift should not have been more permanently utilised. Owing to tbe defective supports to the tower, walls, and other portions of the original structure, as was expected when the danger became apparent, many of the massive Btonos used were split, and it is matter of astonishment that the whole building had not fallen in and become a perfect ruin. Im proved designs were furnished hyMr Henry Hun tor, of Hobart Town, which retained certuin portions of the previous structure, nnrl nrnvirJnd fnr ftddifinns bfisidps the re building of some of the old walls; and tho tender of Mr Bippon Shields was accepted at £5995 for certain parts of the work (the stone removed to be used where practicable) ; but the portion not con tracted for at present is estimated to cost another £3000 or £4000. The original foundation stone was placed under ono of the pillars that carried tho tower, and that pillar was fonnd not to require removing. But the best part of the pier stone was smashed in pieces, and has had to be re placed, and the whole of the wall at the chancel end had to be taBen down. The north and south transepts remain as far as the window sills, and new buttresses at the angles had to be supplied. The sa cristy, the nun's choir, and tho chapels, part of which wasjfinished within tho last six years, with the stone flagging, re mained. It is now intended that there shall be one tower, at the north-east an gle of the building, which will be 200 feet high, but that is not included in the pre sent contract. It is also intended to have a gallery at the north end of the building, with stairs from the bottom of the tower j and the organ will be'built in the gallery. Tbo present additions will be the nave and aisles, with open roof, and the dimen sions of the building are given to us as follows : — length, 151 it. 6 in. ip the clear ; width of nave, 22 ft. ; ditto of each aisle, 12 (t. 6 in. in the clear; tho transepts, 27 ft. by 22 ft. ; width of walls above the ground, 2 ft. 6in., the floor of the new building to be of wood. The aisle walls to be 17f(., nnd those of the nave 33ft. ; tho pillars octagon lfti 9in., and the height 10ft., with moulded caps and moulded arches on the top.' Con siderable progress has been made with the work already It took two or three months to take down the tower, and the outer walls are built up to the lovel of the springing of the windows. About thirteen months have already been occupied by the contractor, who is ably assisted by his son, and it is expected to be at least two years more before tho structure is completed. The new tower will be carried up clear of the walls, the finishing of the tower to be matter of subsequent arrangemonr. Tho site of the present foundation stone is at tbo north-west angle of the building, whero the tree legs were put up, and the apparatus for lowering the stono was of a simple kind. The foundation stono is ono of the old stones, an immense block, 6ft. by 3ft., and upwards of a ton weight, and a splendid specimen of tho Kangaroo Point stono it is. An awning was pro vided near tne foundation lor tho accom modation of the bishopp, clerpy, the vice regal family and others, and as the heat of the sun was very great many others were eager to avail themselves of the protection from the director rays of the orb of the day. It was nearly half-past three before the proceedings commenced, His Excellency Mr Weld, Mrs and Misses Weld, who .were accompanied by Lieut.-Oolonel St. Hill, .and; the Eev Father Yaughan, brother to the Archbishop of Sydney, and a relative of Mr Weld, w«e received by Father ? D. F. X. Beechinor, and iomo ' members of the committee, by whom they were escorted to seat? beneath tho awning. ' The procession was theu formed, the clergy having robed in tho sacristy ; and it consisted of the children of tho convent ' school, with banner, the children of Mary, with their banner, who, as they walked into the cathodral ground, sang in very pretty style — 'Daily, daily sing to Mary,' ' The Immaculate,' and other hymns ; the nuns and boarders at the convent in their veils followed, then came Acolytes', and then the olergy, namely — Fathers W J. Dunne, C. P. Woods, P. R. Hcnnebry, D. F. X. Beechinor, M. J. Beechinor, tho procession being completed by the Most Rev tho Bishop of Hobart Town, with mitre and crosier, and the most rovs. the Bishops of Sandhurst and Maitland. At this time the pontifleal flag was floating at tho summit of the building, the Union Jack being hoisted above tho founda tion stone. The procession advanced towards tho building, when tho bishops and clergy joined, by tho choir, walked round the building and foundations, tho officiating bishop, Dr. Murphy, sprinkling them with holy water, and tho usual litanies and psalms, including tho Quam Delccta, Miscro Mel, Nkl Dominus, Zmtalus, and Fundamcnta Ejus were chanted. Coming to the foun dation stono the prayers wcro continued, and a bottle hermetically sealed, depo sited in a cavity underneath the founda tion stone, lho bottle contained copies of the Mercury, Tribune, and Tasmanian Catholic Standard (approved by tho Bishop), two coins of tho realm, namely, a bronze penny and n silver penny, a portion of soil from the grave of St. Patrick (Ireland), and an inscription in Latin, containing the date of the cere mony, the names of tho Bishops of Ho bart', Maitland, nnd Sandhurst as having beeD present ; the date of tho Pontificate ot Pius IX., tbe name of Mr Weld, Governor of the colony, and of tho Rev. D. F. S. Beechinor, incumbent of St. Mary's Cathedral, concluding with tho name of Queen Victoria. His Esoollency the Governor was then requested by tho Bishop of Hobart Town to lay the foun dation ston?, which, after the mortar had been spread, was lowered to its proper position, under the superintendence of Mr Hunter, the architect, and Mr Shields, the contractor, Mr Hunter handing to His Excellency the trowel, mallet, and plummet in succession. Tho holy water whs again sprinkled and additional prayers said, when his Excellency returned to his chair. The clerical procession again walked round the building, and the ceremony of blessing and luying tho foundation stone was completed. The Bishops and clergy advanced to tho awning and took their seats, except tho Most Rev. Bishop Crane lof Sandhurst), who stood at a rcadiug desk provided for tho purpose, and commenced his sermon. Bishop Crane selected for his text, Matt, xxviii, 19, 20, ' Go and teach all nation^ rtnA \\\n\\\rt\t\ T ntti willi -wnn nil /Intro nirnri unto tho end of tho world.'1 He said ono of tho principal effects of the descent of tho Holy Ghost was tho founding and es tablishing of the Church of Jesus Christ. That church, small in the beginning, liko unto the grain of mustard seed mentioned in the Gospel, and confined within the limits of tho city and neighbourhood or' Jerusalem, in a short time showed such ?wonderful powers that its branches, liko a great tree, spread forth in every land, and the truths at first promulgated by our Lord wero carried by tho preaching of the Apostles to the uttermost parts. ' Their sound went into all the earth and their words to the remotest corners of the world.' At first the Apostles preached the Gospel to tho Jews only, and such was the wonderful success of their preaching that as we read in the Acts of the Apostles, St. Peter's first two ser mons converted 8000 souls to the re ligion of Jesm Christ. Thon under tho guidance of tho Divino Spirit that de scended on the Apostles, they carried tho faith to tho gentilo world ; and thus tho Church to which we have tho happiness at this day to belong was established among tho nations of the earth by tho preaching which took place in obediense to the command of Jesus Christ, ' Go and teach all nations.' In those words they beheld that divino commission that was entrusted by our blessed Lord to the Apostlos and their successors, to illumi nate the world with tho light of tho Gospel, and to proclaim to tho end of time the great truths revealed by God for the salvation of his people. Tho Apostles were replenished with heavenly wisdom, and assisted by the Holy Spirit they ful filled, their commission that they, should preach they gospel to every creature, and even in opposition to the united powers of earth and hell, which seemed to havo conspired ngainst them, they carried od the Church which was built on Peter, for Jesus Christ said, '? on this rock will I build my Church.' This divine com mission still subsists in tho Church. Tho most reverend speaker continued his remarks to the samo effect, and went on to reter to the present illustrious Pontiff, tho persecutions to which he had been sub jected, in spite of which the church had never shown iuoro vitality than during his pontificate. The. Councils of Kiceno in the 4th. and of Trent in thn lGth cen turies, had an important bearing ; but tho Council of tho Yatican, at whioh Pius IX presided under the dome of St. Peter, was of a moro universal and renreaenta tive character, aud was morn largely, at- tended ; the Council of the Yatican- pre sented to the world the most magnifieant sight, with its 800 fathers, that was over be'held, examplifying' a convincing proof: of the infalibility and existancc of the Ca tholic Church. ? His lordship quoted tho : great St. Augustine; on tho authority of the Ghurcbj who said ^'he would not be lieve even the Gospel of Jesus Christ ?un- ' less ho wasdrawn to it by the authority . of the'Ohuroh.' The Bishop then urged the duty of thankfulness for the blessings ttiyieojciyadt andspeaking of jlveivenstaWop. Bishp.piotih'is dioc.e?e caidilie, had beon :to\d tha^l5,churfche3iha4vbeBn:t)ailt Kby i that: excellent, prelate, who had\ had:;. 'financial, difficulties; to -contend* iwithiin reference to, the/Gathedral. He, concluded.. by- urging everyone present: toiigive-i ai.contributuni tojthebuildirig fund ;: he, presumed* ;they: hadiall given' betpre, -and thpy; ..would s bo - calif diupon to Rive;againj;bii;t'onthatoooa-' siQn;ospeciaUyl)o invito'd-tliymitOiContrif buto genvrously.-i Jhe.'Governor ;and I UTioe/iK fcalt: family. then»retir.ed,''.'Hi!-: Excellency first handing: in^cheqiUeifoi!.iJ2j5.: Oiher.oontribuiipris wore'handedi in,;inoludin,g'.thoi',iBislidp .'of.' Sandhurst £20, Bifilippofi Maitlandvi £10, - F4.tb.i0r JVooda v.fAQ- UFather.iDuhne.i| 4J5;. FatllecMi '?? J. Beechirior,;£5-:I?atheBiD .OF; \ X.i Beeahiaov/BlOjMr.iCieA iLoyr isj.:£5j 5 i; ??.. MiisiBeeeher,-(iVliiuland)i'£& S**t i Mir:; Hi Hunter. £10; ati.dibther . suma .'6b-£l-. and ? lOieach, and stnalloramountsi malting an* aggregate. of aboiut£230, which, consider ing .the la reeia mount lisu.bs'cribedi : nn.i;;thw. previous^ ..Sunday j at ?; ;N«lw Town, s-.-.was doemed;]iberal . ana-A satistaotoryjl j , , '.l?li«rpi- were-abqut:ono th6us'aad.iper.8ou8u'proseji..l.. on\thi» occasion^, ?;. ?? : 