) OUE AMATEUE THBATEICALS AT -> BOOLONa. He jests at soars who never felt a wound — Romeo. f One of the most avful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when he made his first and only appearance as an ) actor at a. private amateur theatrical entertainment at his V own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garriek and the elder Keaii — but it ' was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his peculiar rfc J at. On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dney ( managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing , red hair, and a turn-iip nose; an appcarancc in "Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get rip a company of his own down ' at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense > in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having ( scenery painted — for Banburj'- was determined to do the , thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself,, raw am bitious "atnateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the ' stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession ; and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, I " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's constant reheai-sal, were pretty perfect in their ) words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ' intoxicated, aud the Kiiuj likewise ; Ojihelia, an amateur, ) burst into a nervous fit of tears' before she said a do/.on lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who ' assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this , was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ' and he eo'uld not meet them; " The fellows," he used to say, I " allowed me to have whatever I.wantcd on credit, because they, knew that ray rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ' ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no such thing- when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there, was one thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre." What was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished for him, and send him adrift on the world. , What was he to do ? His creditors, would not wnit and he would be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his house, and 'his poor uncle's fortune is in the bant in his name, th'anks to the timely aid of one who is a friend to the drama as well as. tp the. rest of Hie world, who advanced him the needful. .Heed we say his name. No ; all know . him 1 But we ihay ai well remark it was the e1uimi>ion of the distressed'. '" DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, Who has fi'dm ;fi5 to .£10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading', legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- I sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ' Bills discounted daily at the lowest r.ate of interest, and I mori gages from () per cent. 