THE ELECTION OF POPE. The Times correspondent at Rome., who was permitted to visit the Sistine Chapel, and- inspect the preparations od the eve of the Conclave, describes as follows what ho saw : — " I passed some of the Pope s Palatine Guar.l : standing sentry at temporary quarters constructed for them there, and came out upun the small courtyard of the Pappngalio, from which a broad staircase gives access to the S&la; Regia on the opposite side to that opening from Ber nini's Royal Scale, now walled up. From the landing at the summit of this staircase, projecting into the Sale Regie, was a semi-circnlar construction, formed cf uprights and cross-bars of wood, like a gigantic birdcage, with a door of the . same formation. Here it was that Am bassadors or others desiring to confer with any of (he Conclavists or Cardinals would be permitted to talk with them through the bars ; the. door being opened only to admit any Cardinals arriving after the Conclave had commenced, or, with the consent of their brethren, leav ing on account of ill- health. But the door was still open, the Cardinals had not yet entered, and I made my way across the Sain Regia into what I was only able to recognise as the Si6tine Chapel by the upper part of Michael Angela's " Lasi Judgment" and other frescoes. But fcr those I should haTe thought I was standing in a council- chamber of the fifteenth centnry, snch as one sees them represented in old pictures, so entirely had it been transformed. " There ar« few who do not know the shape of the Sistine Chape!. It now ap- \- geared a iong room, its walls to a cou- : sidara'ole height being draped with dark violet baize, stretched tight ; projecting from them to the height of about 10ft. a -continued series of square canopies, in close succession, across the entrance end opposite to the altar aud along the sides till they touched the wall. These ean- opies were fiat on the top, with plain valances about 9iu. ia depth, bordered with braid aud fringe. They projected outward about 2ft. Gin., and were the same in width, with an interval of 6in. between them. From ihe coiners of each canopy against the wall descended perpendicular lines of violet silk braid of a shade lighter than the baize, defining the space aficited to each Cardinal. Bo- low these canopies ran a continuous bench, and in front of the bench a con tinuous series of sixty-four small tables, corresponding exactly to the canopies. These tables were draped down to the ground, so thai the legs were not visible ; the covering of the tables, the canopies, and the bench was of the same material and colour as that on the wall behind them, except that the first table and canopy at the end against the altar wall on the Gospel side, and the seventh, eighth, and ninth from it on the same side, wi'.h so mnch of the bench and wall as belonged to each, were covered and draped with greeu. These were the seats of Aruat, the senior Cardinal Bishop, and of Schwarzenberg. Asquini, and C.arafa, the three senior Cardinal Prirsls, who, being Cardinals appointed by Gre gory XYI., wore not iu mourning. At the back, rising above each canopy, were pointed uprights with little wheels at the top, through which cords wrra passed from the front of the canopies and car ried behind, in order that all these cano pies except one might be abased the moment the Head of the Church was elected, the canopy on his stall only re maining elevated. Oa each of the little tables stood a little inkstand, sandbox, candlestick, and penholder of silver ; a square pad of black velvet on four little feet, on which was a penwiper, and the Other requisites for signing and sealing the voting-papers. Ia the middle of the room stood a large labia about 14ft. square, for the use of the scrutineers, and in the open space around it eight .other tables, measuring about 4ft. by 3ft., where those Cardinals who were afraid of being overlooked by their neighbours could fili in their ' schede' unobserved. These tables were also covered and draped with violet ; but the floor was carpeted with green baize, and the ascent to the altar was covered by a carpet of geo- ' metric design like ' opus Alexandrinum' worked in various colours. By the side of the altar stood the : Sedia Gestatoria,' which was that used by Pins VH. " The door by which one enters the Sistine Chapel from the Salo Regia does not open at once upon this Council Cham ber. All that first third of the area of the Chapel, where the Royal tribune and the benches for the Diplomatic Corps are on the left and those for ladies on the right, remained as it was, except that a square space on the left in front of the Royal tribune had been partitioned ofl' with tapestry, and handsomely car peted, to servo as the Sacristy where the newly-elected Pope was to be invested for the first time with the Pontifical robes. From this portion of the Chapel, to which the lr.ity arc admitted on ordinary oc casions, nothing could be seen of the Council Chamber beyond. It was effec tually hidden by the back of the violet screen forming the wall of the Chamber behind the Cardinals' seats, aud carried across where the light marble pilasters supporting a cornice above constitute an open screen. Putting aside a curtain by which a small doorway in the middle of the screen is closed, I stood within the violet chamber, the bench, with the little tables in front and canopies above, ex tending to my right and left, and then at right angles along the sides as far as the dinar wall. To the right of the door way, aud in a line with it, were the places for Cardinals Giannelli, Ledochowski, H'Closkey, and Manning; to the left those of Antici- Mattei, Simor, Martinelli, onr? Oranlia: Manning occupying the right a::cf Oreglia the left corner looking owards tho altar. The places for the remain ic-g fifty-six Cardinals were ranged along the sides facing, each other com- I meneing with Cardinal Deschamps, then Simtoni, on the right of Manning, and Cardinal Guibert,'and then Franchi, on the left of Cregila. Cardinal Howard's place was near the .middle, on the right side, with those of the Spaniards, Garcia Gil aud Paysry Rico, 'on each side of him ; and almost immediately opposite was Cardinal Gallon's place, ' between those of Hobenloh'e and Bonnechose. To the right of Hoheulobe sat Buonaparte. The . ena seat on the left — that is to say, on the Gospel side of the altar — was that of Ca-dinal Amat, Dean of the Order of Cardinal Bishops ; opposite to him, at the end on the Epistle side, wbb that of Cardinal Caterini, Dean of the Order of Cardinal Deacons, who announced the election of Leo XIH. to the people. The place where Cardinal Pecci — on whom ihe choice was to fall — sat, was the eleventh on the left side, counting from the ultar wall, and situated between the seats of Donnet and Antonncci. I ob served that there were no traces of the dais raised by five or six steps upoD which the Pontifical throne used to stand and then I remembered that on entering from the Sala Regia I had walked up a distinctly inclined plane. The floor bad been raised to remove all sign of individual sovereignty as long as it was equally enjoyed by the sixty-four Cardinals. The « Sedia Gestatoria' stand ing on the ground by the side of the altar was merely a handsome chair, only to become a throne when raised into the ' predella' in front of the altar for the elected to take his seat, while sixtj-'.hree canopies sank down flat to the wall. " Above the high altar a large tapostry picture representing the Descent of the Holy Ghost had been placed ; and out side the chamber, in the left corner of the Sistine Chapel on entering from the Sula Regia, stood the stove where the voting-papers were to be burnt. It was a moveable iron fireplace elevated on four iron legs a yard id height, and having a descending shutter-like front, to be drawn down as soon as the papers had been i placed on a small bundle of damp straw and the whole set on fire. " Returning into the Sala- Regia, I found the Palantine Guard had formed ; along it to indicate the line by which- the Cardinals, singing the 'Yeni Creator Spiritns, were to pass proec-ssionally info Conclave. Three or four "J their Emi- nencies had already entered. No outsider was entitled to remain longer within the inner preeincts. I descended the stairs to the courtyard of the Pkppagallo to see the members of the college arrive ; and as I went down the staircase I mea Cardinal de Falloax, and, immediately after him, Cardiual Manning,, ascending. It was a very interesting sight. Each Cardinal came accompanied by his Con clavists,. who were to be shut up with him, and attended by servants carrying carpet hags, buudles of rugs,, strapped up, and other belongings-,, exactly as if they were arriving at the entrance of a railway station lo go off by some special ecclesiastical train. One Cardinal,, in addition to his bags and ruga, had a foot bath, another a couple of vory comfort able-looking cushions. At the foot of the stairs a few privileged persons, among whom I recognised Prince Barberirii, Prince Massimo, General and Madame Kanzler, and two English ladies, were standing to bid goad-bye to the Cardinals of their acquaintance. One- was tempted 10 note the different aspects of the Cardi nals as they came along the little court yard from the gateway where they left their carriages. Some came up chatting to those aTound them as if they were going; to an ordinary meeting others seemed as if they were impressed with the impor tance of the occasion, or preoccupied with the thought that, perhaps, the choice might fall upon them. A few walked in rapidly without looking at or speaking to anyone. Martinelli, the Augustine Cardinal, dressed in black, never raised his eyes from the ground. Howard went in looking every inch a Prince of the Church, and as he entered greeted those ho knew among the spec tators with a pleasant smile. He cer tainly did not seem to be concerned as to whether ho would come oat again Cardinal or Pope. But with the pro cession of Cardinals going in were intermiugled many curious details con nected with the Conclave life they were about to commence. Maretti, the last of the Cardinals created by Pius IX., came last of all, at half-past-four. A few moments after wo beard the College chauting the ' Yeni Creator Spiritus' as the)- passed processionally into Conclave ; and as we descended the Scala Pi&na; on our way out wa met the Marshal of the Conclave, Prince Chigi, dressed in the costume of the fifteenth century, attended by the Swiss Guard and accompanied by his suite going up to take the oath. As we passed through the Piazza we saw the light glimmering from that portion of the windows of the Cardinals' ceils visible above the external shutters." The burning of the ballot-papers in the moveable stove or fireplace above de scribed, when there had been a voting which did not produce the required two thirds' majority for a valid election, has alwavs been a notable incident of these proceedings. The curious idlers of Rome wonld gather in a crowd in St. Peter's Piazza, or on the steps of the cathedral, to watch for a whiff of while smoke from the top of the tubo erected to serve as a chimuey, at the gable end of the Sistine Chapel, and rising above the Vatican roof. This would be a sign that the election had not yet been completed, the scrutiny of votes taking place twice on each day of the conclave sitting, at half-past twelve and at half-past six. The "sfumata," as it is called, was dis tinctly made visible after the noonday voting on Wednesday the 20th inst., so that people outside were led to believe that there was no decisive result. But within less an hour afterwards, the elec tion of the new Pope .was proclaimed. There is reason, however, to believe that, Cardinal Pecci having obtained a large, thoagh insufficient, majority, he was, the voting-papers having been burnt, elected by acclamation. The news was known within the Vatican at twenty minutes past twelve, when the Prefect of Cere monies, Monsignor Martinucci, who had charge of the Fisherman's Ring, was sent for. Cardinal Caterini, Dean of the Order of Deacons of the Sacred College, having received the new Pope's per mission, proceeded to the balcony of the central window, in the facade of bt. Peter's overlooking the piazza, with the Pontifical Cross carried before him, and there he read the customary formula — "Annuncio vobis gaudium magnum: Papam habemus, eminentissimum ac reverendissimum Dominum Jonchinum Pecci, qui sibi imposuit nomen Leonem XHL" In the meanwhile, Monsignor Marinelli proceeded to invest Leo XIH. with the Pontifical robes — a white cassock, with white sash, red moz- zetta, bordered with ermine, and a white zucchetto. Then, taking his seat" on the sedia gestatoria, placed on the predella in front of the ultar in the Sistine Chapel, the Cardinals rendered homage to him by kissing his foot. This ceremony completed, the door of the Sistine Chapel was opened, and Leo XIH issuing forth, attended by the College of Cardinals, went into the Sala Ducule, and, ascending the steps at the further end, gave the Apostolic benedic tion to all present iu the Vatican. Meanwhile the news spread with asto nishing rapidity, and soon both the Piazza of St. Peter's and the interior of the church were crowded with people waiting for the benediction. It was uncertain whether it would be given from the outer balcony or ioside the church. The latter course was adopted, . and the Pope showed himself to a vast congre gation assembled in the nave. Some servants first appeared at the central window, whence Pins IX. used latterly to witness ceremonies iu the church, and spread a crimson drapery in front of the b ilustrade. Then, preceded by the Pontifical cross, Leo XIII. appeared, and was received with deafening, long- continued cheers. When, with much difficulty, those around the Pope had, by motioning with their hands, obtained silence, a formula was read, and his Holiness, wearing on his head only a white zucchetto, rose, and in a loud, clear voice gave a benediction, raising his hands aloft ; he then with the right made the three signs of the cross — first io his left, then before him, and then to the right. As he retired the cheering and waving of- handkerchiefs in a most enthusiastic manner was renewed and k<-pt up for some time. — Illustrated London News. 