THE SPIDER OF DUXTON. Chapter XVL— The Jones's Dinner. 'Its — its only me, dear,' said a smothered voice. And, directly after, looking very peculiar, Mr. Jones entered the kitchen, to glare from his lady to Tom Barnard, and back again. was Having a cigar outside, and I looked in. ' Thought It was a ghost,' said Tom, tasting the soup, and giving it a stir round. ' Here, hand that salt-box ; we want another pinch. Right. Now taste that, my boy. But you shouldn't peep through windows at ladies ; it's placing panes between you where there should only be pleasures.' 'It was stupid of you, Jones,' said Mrs. J. And he would have made an apology, only he was tasting the soap. ' Now, be off,' said Tim, coolly. And he opened the door for the master of the house to perform his exit. It was undeniable that the best way to treat the matter was as a good joke, and Tom entered into the spirit of it ; for, ten minutes after, he had a short consultation with Mrs. Jones and Jane, the result being that Mrs. Jones was despatched to the drawingroom, when, as she opened the door, Tom roared, in a voioe of thunder, — ' Gentlemen !' His cry was responded to ; and on their ap pearance Mr. Jones was laden with plates. Mr. "otter with the tnreen, and Mr. Askew bore in a goodly crackling dish of scalloped oysters. The ladies were fetched to their places, and then, amidst much laughter— a little forced at first — the soup, which proved excellent, went round, Tom dividing his time with Askew between waiting and making excursions to the kitchen. ' The next thing on the mAnu, ' said Tom, con- salting the carte, ' is soup.' ' Soap again !' said Jones. ' To be sore ; and the same plates.' But only the gentlemen partook. Then fol lowed the oysters, which were a failure, being one and all like little bits of gristle ; bnt a glass of wine round thawed the remaining ice, and when the fragments of the ohicken and tongue went oat, it was unanimously declared to be the best bit of fun ever cd joyed, and even Mr. and Mrs. Jones looked less despondent than before. Grace said it was a shame for the gentlemen to wait upon them, as they went out for the second course; and Bella declared it was dread- Then they tittered, for, following Tom Barnard's example, the said gentlemen laid their hands upon their hearts, and declared that they were in their right places. Two minutes after, Tom Barnard came baok from the kitohen with a rush, to plant the trifle before Mrs. Jones. ' Now, ladies 1' he exclaimed ; ' here comes Mrs. Scalderl' Oh— oh, Mr. Barnard — pray !' shrieked the ladies in chorus, and one and all hlf rose ; but Mrs, Scalder was only represented in the jelly and blancmange, borne in very carefully on account of their tottering nature by Messrs. Potter and Askew, who both looked exceedingly serious and doubtful, as if they anticipated erratic motions of the quivering shapes, and a rash the next moment to the oarpet. Mr. Jones tried a joke about the tipsy oake, but Tom Barnard laughed and said it was a trifle, and then everyone else laughed ; while, by the time the light oonfeotions had been dis cussed and thoroughly enjoyed, Jane, her cook ing done, re-appeared, capped and Bmiiing, changed plates, and placed cheese and salad upon the table, aad afterwards the dessert, everyone declaring, over the fruit and port, that the dinner was a perfect success, and, really, good temper had made it sc. J ones alone looked dull, drinking a good deal of wine, and eatiug more dessert than was good for him, starting almost guiltily whenever Mrs. Jones addressed him in tender accents ; bafc even Jones was better when the ladies had retired to the drawingroom. It was about this time that, after giving one or two peculiar low whistles in the road without effect, P.-C. Budge, of the county constabulary moved by a proper desire to see that all was> right, walked ronnd the Richmond Villa grounds, ending by accidentally discovering — after a round which resulted in nothing but oats— Jane, np to her eyes in business ; but the constable appeared to be so happy in his own mind that aU apper taining to -the. villa was secure, that he sat smiling on the edge of the sink, eating tongue, and picking fowl bones, afterwards scraping eat the glass trifle-dish, and finishing off with some cheese and celery. Then he had a pint of beer, while the coffee was being made, Jane bringing him afterwards a goodly mag and some bread and batter. ' I must go now,' he said, at half-past ten, as if Jane had been begging him to stay the whole time, and he took his departure, just as Jane bore in the urn for the late tea, the fly from the County Arms drawing up at the gate soon after. Bat all this time, utterly oblivious ef the pro gress of the hours, the company no w gathered in the drawingroom progressed charmingly, Tom Barnard being the life and soul of the party. He cracked jokes to Mr. and Mrs. Jones, and religiously stayed best part of the time at their tide ; sans Irish songs at the piano to his own accompaniment ; and seemed to have made a capital impression upon all, giving Mr. Askew ample time to toll the merits of fishing to Graoe, and Potter to discourse learnedly upon geology to toe attentive ears of Bella. ' I do wish dear mamma were here,' said Mnfr Jones, uttering her thoughts aloud. 40 m9et Tery mao4>' w!d Far, »mld all the fan, his thought, hid nub long and often npon a lltUo fa!, drawn ptlBi Barnard,' w„ the reply. And then both looked ronnd for Mr. Jones W , something between his teeth! That s how he always goes on, Mr. Barnard, whenever I mention dear mamma ; but don't notice him.' Wait till he gets a mother-in-law,' said Jones. Tom laughed ; and when at last Jane came in with a message from the flyman, the clock upon too chimney-piece was declared to be as false as the watches which corroborated its evidence. It was close upon one, when, having left his friends at toe County Arms, and refused to enter and have a nightcap, Tom Barnard went slowly down the High street, to stand gazing . for a few minutes up at the top window of Dr Smallbois' house, where there was a light ; and then he sighed as he went on, wishing he h«d asked how she was, and yet glad he hp-' oti telling himself that he ought to be w«i with toe progress he had made with too the e sisters. It was also about this time that a goo 1 deal of banter, and a great deal of curl-pi»p„r rust- ling, might have been heard, were it possible at Richmond Villa ; but it ended in Mrs. Jones kissing her sisters affectionately, and saying some mysterious words about hearts being tramps. She then sought her own room, where, > if Mr. Jones was not already snoring, he was performing tts well-educated equivalent; and soon peaceful slumber chained the actors in oar story. Chapter XVIL— The Doctor's Choice. Everybody knows what a strange tendency there is in animal life to imitate something that has gone before it. Familiar instances might be multiplied ad infinitum, but a couple from the brute and human creation respectively will suf fice. Watch the first flock of sheep driven along the road, and see whether, if some woolly mass of obstinacy takes a short cut through the gap all the rest do not follow. To rise higher : wait till you give your next party, to which you have invited a number of people for whom you care an< 866 48 80#n M a yawn is given, half a-dozen ill- suppressed lip-partings do not follow. Imitation— Imitation everywhere. In fact, we are taught it in our first lessons at school, when we sit laboriously copying the up-and down strokes of our letters upon a slate ; therefore it is not surprising that the present writer should nave oone as nearly everyone in Duxton did— neglected most shamefully poor little Mary Smallbois. But now to make amends. Poor little maiden ! Tom Barnard was no sooner out of sight than she was given into the custody of her sisters, and the doctor started off in a rolling, pompons walk to fetch a fly, leaving the maidens together. Bella and Grace were too much disgusted to speak ; they only shook their heads over the slight little figure seated npon the grass, and waited impatiently for the doctor's return. And really it was a great blessing for the poor «hild that the silence was sustained, for it enabled her to try and calm down the fluttering little heart that would keep beating almost painfully. There was a heavy, dull, aching sensation in her ankle ; bnt she hardly felt that, as compared with a strange aching at her heart. It was not her fault ; she had come out on a mission of mercy, and met with an accident ; and it almost seemed at first as if Mr. Barnard thought she was sham ming. And yet how gentle, and respectful, and tender he was in his every act and word ; and how he had bandaged her ankle, and then car ried her, and looked so kind and so nice, and he was so handsome, and it was so delightfal to be spoken to in suoh a loving, protecting wayv and And then little Mary stopped short, and blamed herself fer being forward and indiscreet, and ended by having a thoroughly good long cry, wnicn lasnou umai me ay oame to tne nearest point in the lane, when the little prisoner contrived to limp painfully to the door, where she nearly fainted, and tnrned her soft, appealing eyes up at the doctor, who half lifted her in, and then the fly drove off to the High - street, and the captive was taken np to her room. ' Sprained ankle, eh V said Mrs. Doctor, as ehe stood, very big, rustling, and silky, before her husband. ' Yes, 'said the doctor. ' Send for Mr. Curtis. ' And what for, in the name ef all that's sen sible ?' said wife. 'What for? Why to attend to the sprain.' Smallbois, you're going mad. Send for Cur tis, indeed 1' I say send for Curtis I' said the doctor, stamping his foot ; and Curtis was sent for. Mr. Curtis, the rival dootor onoe ; but since the arrival of Tom Barnard there had been a ooaJesciou, and forces were joined to drive a oommon enemy from the field. ' I have my reasons for what I am doing,' said the dootor, condescendingly. 'No donbt,' said Mrs. Dootor, sarcastically. 'I suppose next yeu'd like me to take hlr. Barnard by the hand, and introduce him to all my patients ?' „ Weil, you're regulsrly taking old Curtis by the hand ; and cow you've actually sent for him ifito the house £o attend your child/ Old — old ? Wiist do ycu mean by old, Mrs. StBsIlbois ? Why, he's not above fifty.' s Is o, but lie's stupid enough to he a hundred, mud Mrs. Doctor. 4 1 haven't patience with him. If you're friendly with another medical man at all, I'm sure it might he witn somebody young and decent. You have daughters, recol lect; while, as for old Curtis — an ugly old glutton ! — if a young lady was something to eat, he'd pay attention to her — not else I' 'Perhaps you'd like me to take Mr. Barnard into partnership,' said the doctor, eneeringly ; or to ' 'Old Curfcir said you were an ignorant pre tender.' 1 1 wilt not have taoss ord wound s opened, Mrs. SaiaUbois.'said the doctor, authoritatively, ' Mr. Curtis Will, I have no doubt, be here very frequent Sy ia the future, and I insist upon prbper respect being paid to him.' 0h. indeed !' oried Mrs, Doctor, tauntingly. "That's it. is:t ? Now, lock here. S. I've made my r.rrat'gcmenfs, and I won't have them interfered vrirh. so that's flat ! I'm not going to h\vo r-r.y of that. I'm not going to plot, and plan, and sad then have you putting in your obitiiii-cy to. spoil all. And as- for his 1 . « 2' 'ease, ni/ bore's Dr. Curtis,' said a maid. ilfr- Curiis. Emma,' said the doctor, severely. Mr. Curtis is only a surgeon. Is he in the drawingrcoai f 'Yes, sir.' The doctor rose, Rave a triumphant look at his wife, and then wnt oil to the drawingroom, to shake hands most sffidion&tely; with Mr. Curtis, a stout, stuffy nisn — a fiae-iooking man some people called him. perhaps from the same feeling which would make them apply the term to well- fed, fat' mottled beef, fie had two nands — a fact uf which everyone became aware before they had Ueeu in his society half a minute, for they were a pair or fat, obtrusive flippers, that were always in bis way, and hung cut before him as if for show. He had not a single feature that you eouhi vake hold of — not even his nose, ' which was a very slight eminence ia a desert of fat ; wl- ib, had it nos been for a rounding off at where should have been fchii comers, his face nftmid have been decidedly square. 4fl£d to see you. How do ?' said the doctor, with affectionate unotuousness. 4 I had your name put down as a director.' ' Bus they won't want a cheque, will they ?' Bless y our soul, no !' said the doctor, slapping him in a friendly way upon the back. 1 But, look here, Mary's managed to sprain her ankle, and 1 thought if you ' My dear Smallbois — my dear Smallbeis ! this is really very — very kind of you. . Poor child ! Yes, I'm snre it is an opportunity.' ' And I say,' said the doctor, jocosely, 'the enemy — first gu the field — met her out, only I put a 8 top to it.' 4 You doa't say so ?' Yes, a fact; but don't yon be uneasy ; it's all right. Come along.' Poor little Mary Smallbois was rather taken by surprise upon sceisg Mr, Curtis arrive; tut upon the termination of his ministrations, she heid out her hand with a- pleasant little smile, which sent the old boy into raptures as he caught the white hand in his, and would have kissed it, bad it not been rapidly withdrawn, so ihat be kissed his own thumb instead, and did not seem so well satisfied as might have been expected. In fact, as the two medical men departed, tittle Mary grew very much puzzled, especially as Mrs, Doctor stayed behind to arrange her more comfortably upon the couch ; and what with the pain, the puzzledom, and the kindness she was receiving — -a thing she was not accustomed to — the little lady csuld hardly bear It, especially when Mrs. Doctor leaned over and gave her a sounding kiss, shook her head mysteriously, and then left the room. But Mary told herself that she had had enough tears, and strove hard to beat them. down, till her thoughts wandered to two medical men in D ax ton town, and the name of one was Curtis, and of the other, Barnard. Chapter XVIII, — Attraction. Tom Barnard did not neglect his business, for he had none to neglect, and to his credit be it said, that he never let a day pass without many hours' hard professional study. But that study was. a good deal taken up with thoughts of his little patient, and at times Tom looked very dull and miserable, till, passing down - the High steeet one day he gazsd up at the house, to see at an open window, half concealed by a screen of flower? — not one of which was so sweet as herself — little Mary, and with her big Bella. Tom raised his hat, to receive in reply a slight bend from Mary, and a smile and a wave of the band from Bella, who was dressed as if paying a visit to home ; and then away went Tom as hard 'as ever he could pelt across the fields to John Conltby's cottage, talked to tire old man. fur an hoar, left him some more medicine, and an onnce ef bird's eye, over which the old fellow was half insane with delight, and then away went Tom back towards the town. It's all right, bless her little heart !' cried Tom, ' Only wants time and patience, and — and, well, yes, money. Bat I'll have her yet.' Tom's reveries were somewhat damped upon his re-entering the town, by the appearance of stont old Doctor Curtis, who met him foil, but Btared straight before, and would not see his confrere. 4 A rude old bear,' muttered Tom, who strode cm faster. But only to encounter Doctor Smallbois at the end of another fifty yards, looking very fierce- for there was a custom at Buxton, under the pretence of cleansing the roads, of scraping all the dirt to the side and there leaving it, and it had so happened that, not heeding where he | stepped, Doctor Smallbois, out 09 a professional oa'l, had planted a lustrous boot right over the instep in the soft mud, and splashed his glpssy pantaloons into, the bargain, while, to make matters worse, Tom Barnard must let his eye fail upon the state of affairs, and stare at it hard, to the doctor's great annoyance, for be flourished his cane savagely as soon as he was past, There's some poor fellow in a sore strait,' muttered Tom, and those two chaps will blunder and squabble over him—but there, it's no business of mine.' _ Ho wenthome. ' Anybody been V 'No, sir,' Might bate known that,' muttered Tom, and then be eat down to think — what should be do ? . It was three days since the dinner at the Jones's— he might call again now, surely. Why not call at the County Arms, and ask his new friends to walk down with him? 4 Try it,' said Tom, abruptly, and he walked to the inn. - ' Been gone out a couple 0' hours, sir,' said Charles. ' Away posted Tom for Richmond Villa, taking it for granted tkat they were there. But Mr. Tom Barnard was wrong — they were not there ; for it so happened that, after a good deal of coaxing, Askew had worked Mr. Potter rennet into going for a walk, and they passed through the town just in time to encounter their fellow-traveller of a few nights before. Mr. Askew swelled with anger as he met him, and uttered little defiant snorts similar to those vented by irate turkey-cocks ; wiiiie cue stranger's aspect was furious — an aspect which increased' alarmingly as he heard the friends ex claim, on the one part, 4 Humbug !' on the other, 4 Consummate impudence !' The frowns on the faces of Messrs. Potter aoa Askew soon disappeared, and before they, had gone a mile, they discovered that, by a strange coincidence, "the young ladies from Richmond Villi were out for a walk, having been home, ostensibly to see dear mamma, but really to cbiaia toilet reinforcements. It must have been from magnetic influence that the conversation turned upon them, for Askew gave his friead a nudge in the ribs, as he said — Potter, you're on strong after that girl Bella : yon mean her, I'm sure.' Who, I ? Pooh, nonsense ! Why, I was starirg all the time at the way you carried c-n with Grace,' 1 Well,' said Askew, 4 that's nothing. I always did go in for being attentive. Tis my nature to ; but it never means anything.' 4 Ssm3 here,' said Potter. 4I did once love, I when I was a boy, but the rosebud is no more.' 4 Fall blown, eh ?' 4 No chaff, now ; but who's this ?' 4 The ladies, .by Jove !' said Askew. And the next minute the couples had paired, and were strolling on by the most indirect way to Richmond Villa — a way that took a good hour to traverse. What the conversation was it is impossible to report, from the simple fact that it was ail carried on in an extremely low tone. But eyes frequently met eyes, only to be cast don directly ; and the subject must have been im portant, er else Grace would never have said to herself, as they reached the gate — 4 1 shall be the first married, after all.' — Once a Week. 