THE CITIZEN WHO TURNED FAR- MER. The following letter from the late Sir John Dalrymple to his relative, Admiral Dalrymple, gives an entertaining, but not overcharged, picture of the sort of felicity which too commonly attends the retire- ment to the country of men whose lot has been cast amid tbe busier scenes of city life :— 'Cranston' Jan. 1, 1792. — My dear Sir, — You asked me what I had been doing. To the best of my memory, what has passed since I came home is an follows : — Finding the roof bad I sent slaters, at the peril of their necks, to repair it. They mended three holes, and made thirty themselves. I pulled down as many walls round the house as would have fortified a town. This was in sum- mer ; but now that winter is come, I would give all the money to put them up again that it cost me to take tliem down. I thought it would give a magnificent air to the hall to throw the passage into it. After it was done, I went out of town to see how it looked. It was night when I went into it : the wind blew out the caudle, from the over-size of the room ; upon which I ordered the partition to be built up again, that I might not die of cold in the midst of summer. I ordered the old timber to be thinned ; to which, perhaps, the love of lucre a little con- tributed. The workmen, for every tree they cut down, destroyed three by letting them fall on each other. I received a momentary satisfaction from hearing that the carpenter I employed had cut off his thumb in felling a tree. But this pleasure was soon allayed, when, upon examining his measure, I found that he had measured false and cheated me of 20 per cent. Remembering with a pleasing com- placency the Watcombe pigs, I paid thirty shillings for a sow with pigs, and my wife starved them. They ran over to a madman, Lord ——, who distrained them for damage, and the mother with ten helpless infants, died of bad usage. Loving butter much, and cream more, I bought two Dutch cows, and had plenty of both. I made my wife a present of two more : she learned the way to market for their produce, and I have never got a bowl of cream since. I made a fine haystack, but quarrelled with my wife as to the manner of drying the hay and building the stack. The stack took fire, by which I had the double mortification of losing my hay and finding my wife had more sense than myself. I kept no plough, for which I thank my Maker, because then I must have wrote this letter from a gaol. I paid £20 for a dunghill, because I was told it was a good thing ; and now I would give any body 20s. to tell me what to do with it. I built and stocked a pigeon-house, but the cats watched below and the hawks hovered above ; and pigeon soup, roasted pigeon, or cold pigeon pie I have never seen since. I fell to drain a piece of low ground behind the house ; but I hit upon the tail of the rock, and drained the well of the house, by which I can get no water for my victuals. I entered into a great project for selling lime, upon a promise from one of my own farmers to give me land off his farm ; but when I went to take off my ground, he laughed, said he had choused the lawyer, and exposed me to a dozen law-suits for breach of bargains which I could not perform. I fattened black cattle and sheep ; but could not agree with the butcbers about the price. From mere economy, we ate them our- selves, and almost killed all the family with surfeits. I brewed much beer ; but the small turned sour, and the servants drank all the strong. I found a ghost in tbe house, whose name was M'Alister, a pedlar, that had been killed in one of the rooms, at the top of the house two cent- uries ago. No servant would go an errand after the sun was set, for fear of M'Alister, which obliged me to send off one set of my servants. Soon after the housekeeper, your old friend Mrs. Browne, died, aged ninety ; and then the belief ran that another ghost was in the house, upon which many of the new set of servants begged leave to quit tbe house, and got it. In one thing only I have succeeded : I have quarrelled with all my neighbours ; so that, with a dozen gentlemen's seats in my view, I stalk alone like a hen in a desert. I thought I should have been happy with my tenants, because I could be insolent to them without their being insolvent to me ; but they paid me no rent, and in a few days I shall have about one half of the very few friends I had in the country in a prison. Such being the pleasures of a country life, I intend to quit them all in about a month to submit to the mortification of spending the spring in London, where I am happy to hear that Mrs. Dalrymple is doing well. May God preserve her long to you, for she is a fine creature. Just when I was going to your last spring, I received a letter from Bess that sbe was dying. I put off my journey to Watcombe, and almost killed myself with posting to Scotland, where I found madam in perfect good health. — Yours always, my dear Jack, John Dalrymple. A temperance lecturer closed a fervent discourse the other evening by asking how many were willing to assist him in putting the enemy down. Tbe entire audience arose. The lecturer, unprepared for such a spontaneous reply, blessed them almost with tears in his eyes, and earnestly adjured them to go about it at once. It is to the credit of our young men that they are so obliging. They all adjourned to the nearest hotel, and actively engaged in putting down the enemy until they couldn't hold any more. 