NORTHERN JOTTINGS. By an Idler. Those who are interested iu tbe construc tion of the Riverton and Clare railway would give a trifle to know what the upshot will be when the Bill is introduced into the House. Many seem positive that the result is sure to be satisfactory, and that in a. couple of years' time the locomotive may be seeu running daily along the valley of the Hutt IJirer. Their opinions are based on the fact of the necessity of the work being doue, aud arguments have been adduced in its favor that are indisputable. Others, again, don't feel so sanguine of success crowning their untiring efforts, as at the pveseut time people iu nil parts of the colony are clamoring, nay beseeching, for railway commuuication ; but it is evident that every embryo township cannot have the privilege of claiming a railway station of its own. Of course the Government, having a bold and comprehensive policy as a certificate of merit, will only recommend the routes that are likely to give a fair return for capital ex pended, and the Clare Hue is one that can lie faithfully placed in that category. Why not hold a pub'ic meeting at say Auburn, and let the authorities know that you object being left out in the cold any long-er, as the frost of callousness has been biting you too severely. I saw a Grorernment official the other day, who was gathering information relative to the quantity of land in proximity to the line cultivated, aud uncultivated. During the week I hare been taken for an evil spirit — an apparition — a ghost I Yes, that was so. I have at times occasion to rise at a very early hour iu the morning-, aud when such is the case my habiliments are not to cumbersome. In 'raiment of white' I started on rny journey, but had not proceeded far before 1 came iu contact with a young man. He gave one appalling look at me, shut his eyes, and make tracks at a terrific rate. If I scared everybody I met like that, I thought, I might get into trouble, A so I returned to my hotel (Ford's), aud re- 1 tired to sleep again, thinking that I had M doue some one a good turn, although it may have been rather sudden. A couple of young- men from the bush have beeu fooling around a couple of sharpers, and they chopped their wings for them in a very business-like manner. It appears that the little game is known as the iocket trick. Or-e of ihe clever men said that there were not more than three persons in the world could open the trinket, aud he then went out for a few minutes, leaving the article on the table. A. confederate, who was iu the room, and who had made his acquaintance with the two young men, caught up the article, and the three found that it opened quite easily. Wben the man returned a bet to the tune of £50 was made, a few seconds being allowed to perform the simple task ; but it is almost needless to add that the greenhorns lost the wager, for they could not get the thing to open nohow. However, the next, day they got their money back agaiu, and gave one of the swindlers a dressing down for his smartness. Ecima Thursby declares that it is a. mis take for a woniau artist to marry, siuce either the profession or the husband must suffer. 