VICE-REGAL. The following is an account' of a tour which has been made by His Hvcelloncy the Governor to Lake St. Clair,' one of the many groat attractions to be found in this colony : The-OoVernor, accompanied by tho Hon. Nicholas Browhi'Mihister of Lands and Works, and Lieut. Colonel St. Hill, loft Hobart Town by. tho 10.30 a.m. train bn 20th Pobruary. Getting out at Bridge- water, the party mounted their horses thore await- ing them, and rode on to Now Norfolk. After col- lecting the various packages containing tents, pro- visions,''otc.', otc., for the journey, previously for- warded'on thoro, and handing thom over to Mr. Latham for conveyance in his tax-cart to the lako, they rode on to liushy Park, a most oharmingly situated residence on the right b-ink of tho Derwent, distant 12 miles from Now Norfolk, where the hospitable owner, Mr. Shoobridge, welcomed and entertained HÍ8 Excellency at luncheon. Bushy Park; possesses a magnificent oak, stated to be the finest; in the colony. The gardens and grounds about Bushy Park are laid out in tho best tasto, and kept np in a style and order which can only be com parod.fco that maintained by holders of seats in the old country, and the hawthorn hedges, 30 and 40 feet high, aro well worth a joumoy to look at. After luncheon, cantered away through the town- ship of Glenora to Fenton Forest (4 miles), whore the partly wero most hospitably received by Mr. awl Miss'"Fenton, and put up for tho night. Fenton Forest is another splendid property on tho same bank of,tho Derwent, and one of tho most oxtonsive in tho district, and boasts of a rival oak trco to the Bushy Park one. After breakfast on the 21st left Fenton Forest, tho road still continuing along this most fertile valley of tho Derwent, reaching Meadow Bank (4 miles), the pinperty of Mr. Nicholas Brown, in about au hour. Ileio, in a perfectly chosen situation overlooking the river, is one of tho hand Bomest and most substantially stone-built houses one need wish to seo or hope to live in. Leaving' this, after luncheon, rode still along the river bank through Mr. Bryant's pro- perty, and accompanied by Mr. Burton, of the Hamilton Police Force, for twelve milos, uutil Dunrobin, was reached, the scat of the Messrs. Bethune. Hore again is a country house, beauti- fully situated on the Derwent, gardens and hop grounds" in perfect keeping, a great deal of land about fenced in ; everything, intact, in " apple-pie order." Mr. Bethune and his brother, most courteous of hosts, dined the travellers sumptu- ously, and lodged them most comfortably ; and early .the following morning (22nd), accompanied the Governor as far as the township of tho Ouse, five miles, Mr. Smailo, Inspector of Roads, Hamil- ton, joining His Excellency at Dunrobin, nnd Mr. Burton returning to Macquarie Plains. Forded the Derwent, above its junction with tho Ouse, tit Clunie, about two miles from Dunrobin, and loaving the Lawrenny estate on tho right, rodo to tho Ouse Bridgo, now in course of construction ; then on to Cawood (two miles), tho residence of Mr. Henrie Nicholas, where breakfast was despatched, after which Hiß Excellency iodo through this beautiful Sroparty, to tho school nt tho Ouse, under the ircction of Miss Luttrell, which he inspected, to the great delight of the children who obtained a holiday thereby. Thon proceeded up tho Ouse Valley, passing Mr. Dixou's and through the Rrothorwood estate, formorly tenanted by holders of from 50 to 100 acres, who grew wheat «wa larga ?oale. Now txlk* vestige at &*m bom* steads is to bo scon. Then turning westwards over poor hills and woods into wilder country, about sixmilcs from Cawood, passed Shawfield, formerly an inn, now used as a shepherd's hut ; and then on through woods' and over hilly ground, until, some sixteen miles from Cawood, the Victoria Valley is reached. This is an'open flat of abont 1,200 acres of the richest description : most of it is fenced in, and a goodly proportion under cultivation. ' Here was one of the principal convict stations, and the remains of barracks, 'storo-houscs, stone-breaking sheds, mess-rooms, etc., etc.', are still pointed out. Some 'three miles'before entering this valley the metal,'road, constructed by the convicts, com-i menees, and which extends to Marlborough, on the1 River Nive, distant from Victoria Valley twenty miles. Leaving Victoria Valley, the road continues over hilly country, well and heavily wooded; a (beam !13feet long, intended for the'Ouse'Bridgo, sawn close to the roadside, was shown to the Governor as a specimen), past Mrs. Robert Read's station, Duck Marshes (two miles from Victoria Valley), where Mrs. Stannard resides, on to Mr. Jenkins' (five miles from the Valley), on the ' River Dee, ciossing which, through same description of coun- try, seveu 'miles from Mr. Jenkins', another old convict station, called Seveu Milo Hill, is passed. Thiii was merely a detachment station from the head-quarter one at Victoria Valley; and the buildings have all ' disappeared. * About ten miles from Jenkins' the road,passes through the centro of the Four Milo Marali, and then up an ascent which rejoices in the euphonious and high-sounding name of Burst-my-Gall Hill ;" after which the road de- scends rapidly into the plains about Marlborough, and about Mr. Joseph Clarke's station of Bronte. These plains present a most desolate and ghost-like appearance, covered as they are with grand old trees standing without a leaf or twig on them nothing but the moro solid branches on the bare steins, devoid of bark, and whitened by age, the result of a severe frost, which killed them all off some 25 or 30 years ago, and left them standing as they are. His Excellency put up for tho night at Bronte station, i where Mr. Ellis, the manager, lives -a moat comfortable house, aud'everything as clean as a new'pin, and the viands provided by Mrs. Ellis admirably cooked and of excellent quality-with good stabling for the horses, the latter no small bonn after their 36 miles from i Cawood, the greater part of it being over very j stoney road. The next morning (23rd), about a quarter to 7, started across1 ' Marlborough Plains, past the old convict station on tho River Nive (be- fore alluded to as the termination of the convict road), over a bridge, much in want of repair, passing through Air. Nicholas' property, and, accompanied by Mr. Ellis as guide, proceeded through the open marsh 'country and some bush to tho Clarence River (11 miles from Bronto), where Mr. King has a cattle station. Hore Mr. Latham, with the cart, was overtaken, and also Mr. Robert Read, of Red- lands, and his brother, Mr. John Read, of Kinvarra, who were on their way to the Lake. The track now generally skirted the marshy land which abounds here, and was rocky and rough, passing hero and there throtitrli -bits of scrub and bush. About eight miles from the Clarence, crossed the Travellers' Stream, and about three-quarters of a milo further on, the Derwent, which takes its rise in Lake St. Clair. Passing up its right bank for about two miles, and then divcrgiuu to the left through bush for about another two miles, the strip of sandy beach on Lake- St. Clair, where the boat- house ia situated, is reached. Lake St., Clair lies ? 'about N.W. and S.E., is about 16 or 17 miles in length, by some'three or four in breadth, and is about2,ü00ft. above the lovel of the sea. Pitched ! camp on the south eastern end of the beach on the rising ground abovo it. Found Mr. Counsel, the surveyor, engaged in cutting a track to the Pieman River ; encamped about 300 yards off. In the afternoon, the Governor, and.Messrs. N. Brown, I 1 R. Road, Counsel, and St. Hill launched the boat, anil rowed towards 'the north-western part of the lake, but it blew so hard that after rounding' a I couple of the distant points, at the furthest one of which LTis Ewolloncy l.inded, and succeeded in gottiu« a c.ipital sketch of Mount Ida, it was con- sidered advisable to ruturn. The night sot in very stormy, raining stoidily in torrents, and hailing frequently. Furbu.utuly the Governor's aud Mr. Brown's horses had buen sent biuk with the groom and Mr. Siuailo to their comfort,iblo quarters at Bronte on- arrival at the lake, or thoy must have suffered from the night's exposure. Those animals which remained suffered severely from the leeches, which punished thom a good deal, causing the poor brutes to bleed severely. Tho_ next morning (February 24th) found all tho hills about-Mounts Olympus, Ida, Rufus, Hugel, covered with snow, which had fallen' heavily during the night, and as it now rained and hailed only in showers, between which there were occasional glimpses of sunshine, the i view of these snow-clad mountains was magnificent, | and the Governor was able to take two or threo I .moro effective sketches. During the forenoon His Excellency, Mr. N. Brown, Mr. Counsel, and Col. St, Hill, proceeded on the newly-cut Pieman Uiver track as far as the Cuvier River, which is hero about a chain wido ; and in the afternoon again attempted to exploro the lake to tho north- west, , but the inclement woathor prevented pro- , ceeding many miles. The forest of myrtle and ' sassafras trees which clothe the different promon- tories and headlands running into the lake literally down to the very water's edge-rendered the ? scenery, set off as it was by the snow-clad moun- i tains around, peculiarly attractive, and it only ; wanted fine weather to complete as picturesque a bit of lake scenery as the heart of man could desire. ' But fine weather was not to be had, and although the second night was passed in camp in comparative , comfort to the previous one, still on awaking the .next morning (25th) it was misty and inclined to - drizzle. Struck camp about 9 a.m. ; said good-bye to the Messrs Read and Mr Counsel, and turned [ faces homewards, meeting the horses which were i Bont out from Bronte between the Derwent and Traveller's Rivers, and reaching Bronte about quar- ter past one o'clock. In the afternoon the Governor, accompanied by Mr Ellis, rode over to Like Echo, I of which His Excellency mado a capital sketch, ' returning in the evening. Early, on morning of j 2flth the Governor rode off to Cawood (30 miles), I wishing to get there as early as possible to enjoy I some hours fly-fishing '.in the Ouse ; and Mr. ' N. J. Brown and Col, St. Hill, accompanied by Mr. Ellis-the Bronto manager- rode over to Macclesfield, on Lako Echo (15 miles), tho i Îiroperty "of tho Hon. N. J. Brown. Un- ] ika Lake St. Clair, where a solitary created grebe thoonlysignofaniinallife.foundLakeEcho perfectly ? alivo with wild duck. After a stay here of about un hour und a* half, tho same party of threo rode , through' the Bashan Hills and other properties, to the Victoria Valley (l8 miles). Hero Mr. Ellis re- turned to Bronte, and Mr. N. J. Brown and Col. St. Hill continued on to Cawood (Iii miles), which was reached about 8 p.m., being most hospitably re- ceived and welcomed by Mr. and Mrs. H. Nicholas. Leaving Cawood about 10 on the morning of the 27th, Ilia ExCollenoyandCol. St. Hill, underthoguidanceof Mr. Squire, of tho Ouse, rode through the Cleve- land property to tho "Cataraet," on the Derwent (9 milos from Ouse Bridge, and about 20 miles higher up the rivor from Dunrobin), tho Governor . wishing by personal inspection to form an opinion whether tho fall hero was too great or the current too rapid to admit of salmon getting beyond them. , His Excellency having satisfied himself that there ' was nothing to stop ordinary salmon, rode to Dun- robin, whence, after refreshing the inward mau, the party proceeded to Meadow Bank, where the night WAS passed in all the comfort that establishment alfords. Early on the morning of the 28th the Hon. N. J. Brown loft for New Norfolk, to catch the morning steamer for Hobart Town, His Excellency, with Col.' St. Hill, riding on to Fonton ForeBt only, for breakfast ; after which the Governor had a fow hours' fly-fishing in the Derwent; then, accompanied as far as the Ivanhoe and Kinvarra Estates, by tho fair hostess of Fenton Forest and her niece, rodo on to Redlands, where the night was passed. The Governor fished the Derwent here until 10 at night, and was rewarded by the capture of a veritable salmon iu the shape of a grilse 41b. in weight. At 0 tho next morning (1st March) the river was again fished towards Now Norfolk, whonco His Excellency drovo to Hobart Town, which was reached at noon. 