THE MYSTEEIES OF CEIME; OB, 3?HE EXEEBEENGES OF AW EdUTBUBGH f Detective. — ]Sb. XCIL [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] A FOOK GIRL'S TRIALS. I never remembered being more startled at any revelation of crime or wrong- doing than I was when the following incidents were placed before me by the principal actor in the scheme. The whole details sounded like some thrilling romance, and yet the -rivl went over them with .such iatiu'al simplicity, true pathos; and self vecrimination, and I was forced to believe that I was listening to the truth, and not an elaborate lie, got up for the purpose of a fraud. A fraud, indeed, there had been, and a most outrageous one ; but when the attendant circumstances are known, it will be seen that most of the blame lay on the other side. The tempter is often worse than the criminal; and I can never see a poor girl, ill-clad and ill-fed, trailing wearily through the snow, without being moved to compas sion, and saying to myself, ' Who knows ? — perhaps that's another Mary Lawson.' I will begin at the beginning, but before doing so, I am going to say a startling thing — namely, that cases like the following, I am convinced, occur repeatedly, and are never detected or revealed. Some, after leading the case, may say, ' Pooh, pooh .* Iiet them. Their scepticism will neither ?disturb me nor alter tte fact. The green grass and trees of the Meadows were all ablaze with the June sunshine, when Mary Lawson took her way hurriedly along the sidewalk from her lodging in Buccleuch-street towards' a newly-started factory further west, at which she earned a scanty livelihood. It was the dinner hour, and everything a'bout the place seemed bright and happy, yet no reflection of the gladness entered the heart of poor Mary. The thought of the clanging bell, and the gate closed sharply three minutes after the ringing ceased, alone kept her weak and weary limbs moving so swiftly along the side-walk. A dark gloom filled, her thoughts sleeping or waking — her face was pale and worn, and her eyes already hollow with cryinsr. She did not dai'e to look into the future, yet to recall the past only filled her with sol-row and shame. 'If Tom had only kept his promise to marry me. or if I could only have seen him and spoken with him before he went off to America, I could have explained every thing to him, and shown him how I was as true to him. as if I had been his wife,' she inurmured to herself. 'If — if—,' and then a weary sigh stopped her vain wishes, and sent her so swiftly forward that soon in utter exhaustion she'sank into one of the seats placed at Intervals along the walk. u I often take this way for a quick cut,' she wearily added, looking sadly round oh the bright scene, ' but somehow it always sets me a thinking and crying, and thus turns out the longest in the end. The very birds singing on the trees make me worse than I would be if they were all lyina dead on the ground. Oh, God I what am I to do ? — where am I to hide my head four months hence?' And now the tears came so fast that she was forced to screen her face with her fingers lest passers-by should gape and wonder. ' My good girl, how do you do ?' The words were sweetly and musically spoken, and accompanied by the noisy rust ling of a very rich black silk dress, as the speaker sat down beside her ; but they made poor Mary start up from her drooping pos ture as if she had been shot. She saw beside her a young lady, ruddy and fresh looking as a new-blown rose, richly and expensively attired, and hung all over with jewellery ; and yet offering to the poor girl by her side a dainty little hand encased in a lavender kid glove, so tight-fitting that the little fingers could scarcely bend. Mary Lawson rose hastily as if to leave. 'I — I am very well, ma'am,' she stam mered out in- reply, crimsoning painfully as she spoke, ' but I do not remember — that is, 1 do not know who you are.' fi ' But I know you, and have watched you with great interest for nearly a month past,' graciously returned the lady. ' Pray be seated for a'moment, and I will explain how.' 'I would be glad to oblige you, ma'am, but it is wealing near three o'clock, and I have a bit to go. If I'm late I'll be shut out and fined.' ' How much ?' ' A shilling.' Without a word the lady opened the purse in her hand, and placed half-a-crowu m the astonished girl's hand. 'There, that will put your mind at eSse. I really have something very par ticular to say to you or I would not have waited for you.' 'Waited for me?' ' Yes, I have watched and waited for you for three days, but hare always happened to miss you. What is your name ?' *? Mary Lawson.' She gave the name without hesitation, for there was something very fascinating in the face of the rich lady before her; but think as she liked, she could not guess what was coming. ' Well, Mary, I want to be your friend,' continued her new acquaintance. 'My name is Dora — Mrs. Dora Blackvvood — avid I have been married for nearly two years. My house is in Lauriston, where I have often watched you trail wearily past to your work. looMng as sad aud worn as if the whole sorrow of the world rested on youv heart. Are you married ?' The girl crimsoned how as she thought she had never done before — her cheeks fairly bumed as the painful thought flashed upon her that her secret had been guessed at by an utter stranger. The next moment she was pale as death. 'j^o, ma'am,' sbe sliiveringly made answer. ' I am not marrie 1, but I was to have beeji. I was engaged, but some spite ful persons got between us, and made him believe that I was false to him, and we quarrelled, and he went off to his brother's in America.' ' Leaving you to suffer the shame ?' ' Yes, ma'am.' The words were breathed rather than spoken, aud the girl scarcely knew herself why she had let them out. Somehow she felt that the other had already looked her through and through, and was not likely to be deceived by reserve or denial. There was a pause for some mo ments, during which the bright eye of the lady was never once taken from the pale worn face at her side. ' What is your dearest wish ?' the lady suddenly asked at last. ' To go to him and explain all. I kaow he would take me to his heart again and marry me, and make an honest woman of me.' A shade of disappointment crossed the pretty face of the lady. ' What ? would you not rather have your shame first hidden ?' she rather im patiently demanded. ' Ah I ma'am, that cannot'be now,' sadly replied the girl. 'It is too late. You yourself, a perfect stranger, have ^uess«jd the secret.' i ' But I had an interest to quicken me to the discovery,' eagerly persisted the lady. ' It is not too late, and it can be hidden.' ' But I have not a' friend in the world. I am an orphan, and will be turned oat the moment the truth is discovered.' ** You forget what I have already said— I will be a friend to you. Now, listen. My husband is a commercial traveller, and often absent fora whole month at a time. I have a large house, with abundance of accommo dation, but keep no servant but my own elder sister, who has had considerable prac tice and experience as a midwife. Do you now begin to understand ?' 'No, ma'am, I do not,' returned the be wildered girl. ' It is not possible that you ?would be so good as to shelter me, and ? ' ' 'There! you have it now. It is not only possible, but I am willing — eager to do it. I will never have a child of my own — I Jcnozo that, though my husband does not, and he would give the world to have a son or daughter of his own. Now, I could not shelter you in my own house f or so many months, but I will take a lodging for you in an obscure part of the city. I will provide you with everything you re quire, and only stipulate that you shall keep yourself, till called for, in strict re tirement. When the proper time comes, you can come to my house in the cab I will send for you, and you will be carefully at tended by my sister and myself. My hus band expects an arrival about that time, but I will contrive that he shall be away from home on one of his long rounds.' /fhe lady ceased talking, and then was struck by the peculiar look that had settled on the white face of the girl. It seemed as if a dawning of the truth had come to hoi-, but, in her simplicity, sbe had banished tWe thought as too incredible. ' Well, do you understand me -now ?' saidtl-e la ~y, in an agitated whisper. ' No, ma am.' The words were almost false, but not quite ; for her whole demeanor showeda kiud of trembling apprehension and hesitation which pointed to at least an inkling of the nature of the plot. A timid look up into : the pretty face beside her almost dispelled her fears ; and then, with her eyes slowly filling, she seized the tiny gloved hand and kissed it passionately and impulsively. 'Oh, ma'am, I cannot think how any one should be so kind and good to me, a poor, friendless girl. I must be dreaming it all.' ' You are no more dreaming: than I am. Do you accept my offer ?' ' Accept it ! I will bless you every hour of my life ever after ; I will pray for your welfare night and day,' impulsively cried ' the girl. ** What could. I ever do in return for such goodness ?' ' I will tell you; for that is the condition upon -which the -whole scheme rests. When you come to my house I will have it given out that it is I myself who am ill ; and, as soon as you recover, you will leave the house alone. The child will remain with me, to brought up as my own. For this privilege I will not only pay all expense-?, but give, when it is over, fifty pounds to yom'self — a large sum even to me, but to you a little fortune. With this you could leave the country and.search out your lover, or start in business, or do whatever seemed best to you.' ? Now, poor Mary Lawson did understand it all, down to its mniutest detail, and, though not quite decided as to refusing or accepting the offer, she evidently -realised its eriminaliiy, for she shook and trembled so that her companion thought she was about to faint on the spot. The girl knew nothing of a mother's love yet, but she had heard about it, and that made her hesitate. But, again she had heard of the hard names, i jibes, and cruel usuage, and neglect too often awarded to the love-ehild. ; here was a rare chance to save it from the dreadful fate, and her eyes brightened at the thought, while the sin of the great fraud dwindled into insignicance. ' Would— would — I be allowed to see it sometimes ?' she hesitatingly put in at last, with a heart beating so fast that she could hardly force the words out. ' Never as your own. It would be mine ; and from the moment we part we would be strangers for ever. You might chance to see it on the street ; but then not a sign or a look would be allowed to betray the secret. I would require your solemn oath to that effect before our arrangement is made at alL' ' And would you deceive your husband ?' stammered Mary, in amazement. ' Him above all others — yes,' firmly re plied the lady. ' He must believe that the child is his own.' The poor £irl sighed, and then wept quietly for a few moments in silence. ' Would that plan not be considered a great fraud ?' she simply got out at last. ' Some might think so — I don't,' coolly replied the lady. ' I want to have a living breathing child, that I can hold up in the face of the sneering world and call my own. But if there is a fraud / bear all the risk. You we not to know of the fraud, and can be at the other side of the wdrld before there is the slightest chance of detection — if such a chance could really turn up. But perhaps you would like some time to think the proposal over before deciding?' and the lady rose and adjusted her flounces as sbe spoke. ' I am in no hurry, aud tliouali you should refuse perhaps another would not.' ' No, 110, ma'am, I need no time to decide,' eagerly cried the girl, seizing her new friend by the dress, and looking up with tears of gratitude in her eyes. 'I consent now.' ' And you will take the oath ?' ' I will swear anything you like to ask, if you will only save me and my child as you have said.' This ended the compact. Mery Lawsou did not go back to her work; and it was soon whispered through the factory tbat she had suddenlj7 given up her lodgings iu Buccleuch-street to leave the city. Some evfnt so far as to say that she had gone off to 'America after her faithless lover ; but in every case they were wrong, for she was snugly esconced in an empty room at the south side which had bean fur nished for her by her new benefactress, Mrs. Blackwood. Four months after these singular events had taken place the Edinburgh papers one morning gave out the following announce ment, which petrified and astonished not a few of the fair sex : — At No. — , Lauriston-place, on the loth iusfr., the wife of Mr. Robert Blackwood, of a son. Mother and child doing well. Mr. Robert Blackwood read the an nouncement, not in the paper or in the city, but in a special telegram that had been sent to him away up at Bristol, and though be was over head and ears in most * important business at the time he became | frantic with delight, and not only treated a ; whole hotelful of people to indiscriminate ,? tumblers of champagne, but started off next morning by tiie earliest express for Edinburgh. m When he arrived at Lauriston-plaee, and was shown into the darkened room where his wife lay, pale and agitated-looking, but not otherwise seeminsyly much the worse for her illness, a little' bundle of pink and white was placed in his arms, which he seemed never to tire of kissing rapturously. The same salute being accorded to his wife, he was very soon expelled the room altogether 'for* fear of agitating the patient.' The bouse was not a small one, but it happened that next day, in wanderinar along the lobby, Mr Blackwood, at a time when he knew his sister-in-law to be out of the house, in passing the door of her room, heard, or thought he heard, a plain tive female voice murmur — 'Oh, will thev be good to my bairn?'. Quite startled, he tried the door and found it locked. Still unsatisfied, he took his way to the sick-room of his wife- and related the curious circumstance, but was only laughed at for his pains, and accused of being too free with the wine, which was actually the case, or he certainly would not have been so easily satisfied. The sister-in-law, coming in at the same moment, joined in the merriment at his ex pense. Then it was declared that he had frightened lm wife into a dangerous re lapse by his dreadful ghost stories, and the end of it was that he was next day packed off to Bristol by the two artful women, with the strict injunction to finish his busi ness, and not return for a fortnight at least. . In two and a-half weeks the impatient father returned, and this time his reception was gracious in the extreme. His wife was completely recovered, was getting on famously with the nursing of the child — ' bringing it up by hand,' as it is called— and not the slightest attempt was made to dissuade him from entering and examining the sister-in- law's room, though he wa9 still twitted about ' looking for the ghost.' Meanwhile the ghost^poor Mary Lawson, had been packed off, when scarcely able to crawl, with fifty pounds in her pocket and an empty void in her breast which it seemed that nothing would fill. For some, days she had been feverish, and it was during one of these fits that ' the happy father' chanced to overhear her words. Slie pleaded hard at the end of the fortnight to be retained as nurse to the child ; but, in spite of the wildest oaths and promises this favor was sternly refused. As soon as she had gathered some strength Mary left the city to start upon a strange and what some would have thought a wild goose chase after her faithless lover. She crossed the Atlantic, reached Brooklyn, and discovered the friends of her lover, with whom he ; had been residing till shortly before her arrival ; but the man himself was gone. Nothing daunted, she set out for the new place of abode, but in like manner only reached it in time to find him gone ; and in this persistent way sfie traced and fol lowed him over a considerable tract of the States, till at last she found herself once more in New York, where she learned that her lover, in a very impoverished state, had once more started for Scot land. Though worn out and disap pointed, the news gave her a strauge thrill of hope, and with the remains of the fifty pounds she also took 'passage, and after an interval of thirteen months found herself once more in Edinburgh. On the second day after her arrival she met Tom Cochran, the lover whom she had searched for so bravely, and poor and broken as they both were, his first action was to take her by both hands, and kiss her there and then on the public street, saying — ' Oh ! Mary, Tve had such a hunt after you. I've come home to marry you aud make you an honest -woman.' As soon as the ' cries' could be put in they were married, and then, for the first time, Cochrane asked for his child. The only answer, to his surprise, was a burst of tears, aud the words — 'Gone! gone!' ' Gone ? dead ?' h.e* faintly got out. ' For ever!' and with this hysterical reply he had to be content. But he was not satisfied. After this brief conversation, other questions cropped up, such as — ' Who attended you ? Where did you go ? How did you pull through, friendless and alone ? and when did the child die ?' but to all these she could give no satisfactory reply. Only once, wiieu sore pressed, sne cried — ' Oh ! Tom, I wish we had fifty pounds ! 1 could almost steal to have such a sum !' In a vague way he took the outburst to mean that she had either borrowed the sum in her extremity, or been indebted to some one for it, and now wished it paid off ; but all their- efforts towards saving such a sum were as fruitless as if they had tried to climb to the moon. The fact was that Cochran did not get readily into a regular situation ; and, far from getting richer, they were speedily reduced to their last penny. This brings us to the second part in this curious affair : — One clear frosty Sunday iu February, Mr. and Mrs. Blackwood were walking along the Meadows, over the crisp and beaten snow, in the full grandeur of the most ex pensive of velvets and furs. A nursemaid walked a little behind; Mrs. Blackwood walked beside her husband, and he in turn, by giving a finder to the child, supported and guided its feeble steps. They were a happj-looking pai'tv — the child crowing triumphantly, and rosy with health and glee; the father no^ less happ3% aud the mother smiling graciously on both ; yet a cloud loomed behind them. A poor woman, clothed in the tawdriest and flimsiest of rags, barefooied, and having on her head only the merest shred of a bonnet, was slinking along steadily in their wake, with her hauds pressed hard on her bosom, and her eyes fixed in wild intensity upon the face of the richly-dressed child. . Once, when she happened to come closer than usual, the father, in a side glance, took in her trailing figure, and started as he noted the direction of her gaze and the wildness of her aspect. ' There is a wretched-looking woman trailing along behind us,' he carelessly re marked, in a low tone, to his wife. ' How she stares at Robert here. I wonder they allow such characters to prowl about. Where are the police ?' The imperious lady at his side looked liaugbtily round ; but the woman had ' smile in Its-hind ji tree now. jukI ap p sired to In; -.?i-iLrnp.il in Iu ih:;..-: :'.??.: illy 1 in .'mother (liiwiioii; n» :}ii-.. l{;:::-ii.\\\nHl siiw_. --r yiretejiiloci to wre, uotiiir.jr iiiiiisaiil. an-! ui'ToIy fraoo the nydfr to i;ir!i i.p thii middle wiilli and maliii ai --;nv i'«ir h- uie. Whether it ivms th»; .s'l.irji jar hi i':;-' t-oim of hi r voice .-is she i;:w. the order, m- sime thijijr in tin* exi--/ess'-iii of her f::--.-, her ht'-l:.:V,(i was not Kli-Jslied. Wll.1.1 lin SUS jircti-d -)-? fwii-ed it would have pi::-...-!':] him to s;iy --vi'.i tv- hinist'lt'. Hut si)iu^:M'v be did iiot, ivy ftp ho. liked, pel yi'i ?»! th« idm that tlifi strjiriL'«», va^i'd. :«!::i soli uiry-ln'ikiiijr youi1.!.' woman i\y-.- f'-ilo.vinsr th- m to the very dnov »:. tiieiv i:omc, though at a re-peci't'til distance. N;:v. -'ven when the ^.ms was lit. and In- iLpnr-vv.!.-.d the. window to pull down i.he Venetian hi-mls, 1-j had a brief glimpse of a white face, rigid and awful, peeviinr through the iron railings, which a pair of thin bony hand* clutched at with grim despair, ami the eyes, he fancied, still glared* fiercely in the direction of his child. True. t!je vision was gone in a moment— «o swiftly i!;r;, in a moment or two, he luyi lva^omni iiiiusi-lf into lh-? belief that the wholj was an ocular deception; but liie un*.«asm«ss ami s-'i^pii-ion remained. Who was this iniseriib!-- woman who took such a strange interest in him and his child ? Could she be on ?? o? bis wife's relatives — one whom she wa* shamed to uokuowli'djro r The ui -w.vr of his wife, ton. -iiii:e ihuir wa.]k, stnis-i-. iii:nas slriiKjrcly suspicious :nnl w.-itelifu! : ;:;i-l, in a hi!/v, indeiini: » way, !'.?? dvtermi-ied if possible t«j Lr-'t at th-r sucr.'.-t. Next day, i heref'oi-e, by .'-oust' ::i!ro;t. nianairi.'iii'-ut lie -i;«-ive.ii'ci in ?r».-tt;iiir out alonu wkh the t'ii'tl, aiul Ut oiii-e ns:ulu for the M.nlow.s. livery step of the toil- ilii2,ir walk !:?? !:';-t a sharp l--oJi-o:it for tin: sln-mri.1. tr.''lin;r liirure. -, iuui ihe moment he turiwd i.i'o the side-walk his waiehf'iilness was iv«\;:il-;il by a irlimps of the poor srirl, sliifKiiur uioivj; behind him as she had do-.se the day h -fore.. He did not «c;iV!; her, nor iipjiear t'-- notice hvr presence in any way, until li-; !'??'! her dose up behind hisVbilil, whor. h-- r.-.i-'iod upon In:!1 Si;ddoi)ly with the lviUjer .-i.-iu-plv spoken words ?? You seem fosiil iitVhiMivn ':' Mary Lawson stnvteil ami for :v iiM.ntint so sbo.ik with exritenient and i\/:: ition. that :b(m»h it liad bei-n to saw. her Jifi; she c-ii'.'d r.nl have. «r-it -mt a word ht reply; ilien with ti il----p. Joep -iirh. aiul a v-nible i-ii;sh uf ho: h;iiid on her breast. -U-. was About to slin!; meekly away, when he.- ;:ye, happened t«i wander to the £:*?«} of tlic chilrl. At. tii« same moment !!:=' dnld. ju'risKiis tired with thrt wsilk, Lv-:;f:l sip in her fu.ee. -miiod brightly, ami hold '«t its liny arms to be lift*:*!. This was ;«?? f\ lical nioinont ; wl'Ji one ti-rribie. revulsion all hi r oitths. promises, ami lio.irt— :t:-.-linjrs wciv swept aw;:y : a wiM sviyain of «l«:I;irht, r;ir;«» from her throat, ami with on:: irreat hmijrry swoop she had the. ohild ;ij- in her arms. -ti;iiv:«'i! i-- hei-brea-t. and kiss='ii - - pa.— sisvirttrSy ti;at it louk a!;ir:a av.l h \r.i:i to cry. ??On. my l-.iun '. my boiinu*. -?«vs we- l»-.;ivr. !'r was all shy ;jr -t out, when the fat!:* r. hn'.h :-l;srjiifd :iixl ami a-iirrv, with a iii:ii k snatch, wieiR-hecl the child tVjni her aims. Th«-!i h'V .sonvos came to 1j t. and faisiily jitft^-i-vrii!^* brick against a t'.ve, slip i-i.Vf-icil hfi- file*: with her li.imN, and v M.i.u (i as if her heart would liv-';.k. In -\ihv of himsvif theircjitleniiUi felt Hutched by ];??)? wild jrrii'?. ami ii:sr-!.iil of r»'ij-'»vin«r in.-;-. i!t last i.*«:!iijy iiiij'-iired — ?? Are you a mother, my poor wo-.nr.ii r' ' Yes — oil. yes ! I ll:i\e lost jllSi .such a 1 .-?»-? ;is this!' was the despairing reply. ' You swm poor I-1' said the jreiiileiuan. with dittuniM.1 eyes, fninblinsr at his tmr.se. ?? Will you not be nfiY-nded if I ntf-Jr yon thai r' and hv. held out hali-a-crowr.. Ji-.st ilui sL'ht of tlirt money s».»-»raed iu-sUnitly to m.-uMeu the poor iriri lo fivnzv. *' No. no — then; is a curse t-:i your money !' she. srvi*jimr.il. shrinking away with averted 1-toks ami osiustrot«:hoil h.nul. '?Would to -:od I had never *'-.r.\ it! A-wuy, away !'' and l«f«-iv be h:ul r.-=--ivoved from* his astonishment s!:u luul d.-ish-vl up 'Whanon-lane, in the direction of L.su risii ill-place, and disappeared.. 3u\ lilack wortd naturally look a iuoiv. ri'mnuoout way, and ha«l also to walk much sluwc-r, so that nearly an hour had ohpsi-ci before be reached the house : but in the interval a stranire. seem* had taken plan*. About a minute after Mary Liiwsui had rushed from : he side of her* child she nppran-d breathless ami white at the house iu Laurislon-place. The treineinloiia rin«r at the bell brought not only thv- suisiress herself to tlui door, but tin- mu-'m:iid and the lady's sister as well. Two of the three ?started and paled at the stianire ap|i.-irkii)-i, but the juisiifss mau:-:rt;d to stamifts-vuiit -— i; Well, w.itnun. what do you w.i-i; :-'' *' .MV luiirii ! uiv liiiini ! I've. ;i::' ??'?»v-»il -i'i- i1. lii^lit and liiiy siive I left.' s-.-ve.; ?.« .*-.l tlic -i'-.sii;u;H:«l jrnl. 'I canna live v/i.iioil it. Oli. say y.i;i will forgive me ;:?!?- L'ive n-o it i:.!civ. ami I'll :-'«'i the fifty i-ti'.uwU bii:-l- J'nryo-:. i/nniis/h I .shiMi'd have in work tin- l::-t lii'iith --iit. of uiv body fur ii !' Ti;ii iiii-hy w«mn:v, siuvvil .it each mh.-r, ??ir.i.1 o-ic m)' i!u-:i! - the nii.slivss -i:icl in Miovf i-- ih- tu.'or i:; l!i'* jnriV fai-i*. \- You le.-.!.-.! he U!:u!, my uo«»».l woirum.' .-In- jut o:;:. with lijis white with -ear. '?'Ji---re is !m clsilil 'f yours hen:: h;it if \\.i-i ;:y-- ii! wassi.' utul she hastily pull-u out ;: b;;iiI.-iMt--. ami tried lo slip it into the ji;iii-l v.iiit!i i-hiHjr so wildly Iu the liiitvl to prevent, liic sliutliii'j' of liie. door, ?? lake Iiiii.'1 ' No. !IO* ! %V;t!!t lid llMyv lilolliV,- -olllv ::y you wiil ^.i\e me my bairn.' and -. ?''.!:_?? tlial. they were, deti'i'iuincil to JC.-; li;-r l.'V fuive. slli- iluil^r In t hi door t.-liiiin :iii.i iintei till her bare arm was iiln»n-t. bi'iii- ?-{ to ;i jelly. Thm .she ;-i;i-_'!it mailly --ue:-pei-alely -till a crowd --j-i!-.'t-lfil. :ilid ;i pulici;i)!:iii :inpr;ired. when s]uv \V;ls turn oft' by main force, and drjurL-vd i;i :i hsilf-fanitiiisr condition away np v- tile .Police Ojiice. There she hiiil no .-toiler cilined ilowii tli.-m -hf demantled t- s- o a det- etiw In make ;in important cun'.V.-sinn. I w.i-s .sent in to he.ii r her story, jjnd. ;=s i said in bcimminjr, 1 nevi.-r was imnv. .-i;i--;led in my life. At tirst I thought the p,,,,v irirl w:is jnad: but. when hor liu-band, Tom OnchvatU'., culled at tlie oliioe. and was made acquainted with the detailu. be emphatically announced his belief in its entire- truthfulness. The re6iilt of ii all was that, after beinir brou-Wit up ;it the J'ol ice Court and lined for cre;iliiiur iim.stuiljiiv.ee., Mary Lawson and ln-r hus band, accompanied by myself, took umwav .'ilon.ir to the house in L;niris.u-n-pJafe. and utteily horviiie.d and . piostr;ilv.d Mr. I -!;i-.-U— woo. I liy ;i di'iiiiind t.- p-jV(( up his child, or 1 :!-' I-irll cvi'.lerre ;ts !o \\[~ .liuvut^p.'. i Never sliall 1 foi-ct tin- 'o«jk t»r Ji^»»d : despair ami hopeless }in.-f that settle' on hj.s face a.s the story ot i!ju jrirl wUS niiiiutely s-'otio over. All thy noisy jiv..it.es talions of innocence put in l;y his wife '-'-m^ her siste.r fell on his ear unheeded, ?-*& when Mary had linjshtul he dimply asn«u ' Ami now have yon -riv«n the o-ntter into the hands of the. police ': Do you want my wife taken up r' '??(-'h. i:-).' for she li.-is hi-eii srood V- Titf^ ' liaiin.' was the impulsive njily. 'Ah! iJiosm w-H-ds and th;«t tone ot voice! I've, heard them before.' hi- sud denly put in. 'Vvill you c«vni»* and show use. Che. iooi-.-i in whicli you w-ve kept wLilo you were here r' 3Iary rosi; at once, walked out t-» the lobby, and without hesitation laid her hand on the door of his sister-in-law's room. Mr. lilackwood -.a*oaned, returned to 'tin? front parlor, and after a few aiiiiry whif j'.'i-«d (questions :U bis wife, to which hn ri-i-eived sullen replies, he turned to the nursemaid, with forced calmness, and told her to Oiir-p; the child. It was placed in ^Ir.ry's avme. am! t'-ien Ihe resemblance between the pinclietl f;ice cif tlie poor girl and that uf the ji:l;ly drefsiid child w:-s appave-.-.t U- all. '' Take it- it is yours.' said the r.nl::':ppy fath'tr. ' I think my lieart i- broken.' Tremblinjr with ea-rt:nii.'ss. and alits.iSt .ifri'.id to Iniljeve her j/ood fortune, .'ip.vy tleflly ?tri])pcd off the. li;ie cluthes fr-r.n the child till it was naked r.s it was buir, ;:nd then replatinjj them with some -t-r)-'«a* clotlnnir .she had brought with her, .'In: iii;ide for the door with her treasure. 'As for this womaiij said the d.-^jveti matt, turning and indicating his f.)\v-.:;ii^ wife with a e.old wave ????. the hand. - I ;im ilone with her for ever — wo sepai;:'.; for ever from tliis momeitl.' The jniiliy woman burst into ten-.--, iiml we- luecipita iely left the room. .Air. lilackwood himself showed us out, and when it at last oame to Mary's turn he turi.-ed to her with a choking jjii.-j.*, ;i:i& s-lipped somethin-r into Ivr hand. ' Take, that, ' he, hoarsely -wliisvji-fil ; ' i:.;r it for him, p.nd — let me kiss him «-Kee before we part, for, oh*! 1 could not. I;elp leavuinsr to 1o\»j him.' 3Iary is now a. mairor.ly-looltin^ w.inian, with a happy home ;;ml a larjru fii.nily. On'y oJi:'e, when her e2-i-:'.st son a.-k-.-fl her how he caii-.e to be Ciilhrd ?' ilobert !i!:icl; wood Coc.-hr«ui,'' did r-ht; tell him bow she Lri.'t a certain twenty-pound note lyinjr t» his credit in the Savlntrs I 'auk by relating to !;im iiiu story of 'a poor {lirl's triais.*1 ( To be coittiitutdj We hsive xtfeoived from l-'rears-»v: aiid Ui':-rflLT a ropy of a iiainplilft wriritri: by i'rofiwsor Kail, M.p., entitled 'Signs «i die Timi-s ; a {n-oph-jtic study --f the l'.::*inn. -,-nest-on nut? its ultinirte r«inuits; the w/.vre iibont* .if the Lost Ten Tribes of Israel/' ' An L'veuinjr with W. M. 1'raed ' was the Hiibjer? of a lecture givt-n i-y tlse lion. ] a\ ington Gl-«!c at tlie I.«irii:ne Hall Xturwuorl, on I-'rirtay evcjiiu^r. Jnneil. The lt'Ct-urc li.nneil \n.rt uf .an entertainment given in c-o)i.:-.v:,ioia wi;h the Korwood liaiitist Church Youut .Men's ^;:viely, ami v.-::s presided over by Mrj S. '?? ?lytle. 3Iavor of Kei-:«iiigton «u«l Xnrwooil. 'i'l-.i- lec nucr, in i-«-:i5nieii»-iiig his subject, remarked that l-c fave the same lecture aluaa tt-u yt-av'-. ago at Vi'liiie's Hooius under vhe auspices of. the South Australian Institute, l'r.v.'.l w:is comy:u-;-.;ive!y an unknown poet, at least v.iu-n t;ikc;i side by sitie with iVi'vyson or Thackeray: in fact, so little ?«.-:« he kuotvn that wh.-n Iw- (Mr. -Uyde) was ab.rtt t« jji.c the Jecture tin a previous c-cca-i ---u he was v-.eral th^es asked -who ru(1 -what l'racd vras. I'kip-L ^ v.a.s Irtu iu London in 1S02. His n:f.ner *r ilictl when l»e was only iiv..- years of ag.-, wiiieh was particularly uiifortuii:iti-, as he w.-.s of a very delicnt* constitution. He went to school at s«ii early ag«-.and wmei! to have bt-vu ;?- sp.:ci;v,I ii-vorite uniung his sciuioildicwK, bc-injc Hiietiy (.*ti:-tiiigviisheti for his skill i:t writing :.ni! oi:oss pliiyi;:jj. In after years he recalled his * hool tl:iys iii poetry with great jelling aiul pnrhos. On 'caviug Kton. a5 the a^c of l!«, after r.iking all the honors that the sciioo! could be.-.?-.rw, he went tu the Cambridge rniwrssty, wj-t-re he gi-iiiuati-d. While at Canibriilge lie ioiuert the celfebrs! ed I'uiou Debating --o -;--ty, where so i!i;-.ny of the leading i:,a-ors til' the «'ay made their fir.s: sji-.-tches. Jt was abor.t this time that Mr. O. Kniger. I ho pulilisher. and l'raed's old friend. pro^oM-i] to him to take charge of a periodical, wiiicli i'r.ied. accepted. In this work he was ;i -.listed by iintauley and Coleridge, though it fell thruugh in oou6et]Utnce of a quarrel bet weei: J 'raed a.'i'l thepubliHher. Mr. Uijde then read extracts from one of Fraud's poems, ?* TfeeKrazt-u Head,'' aud remarked that it ought to be better awpre oiated than it was. l'raeii entered the House of i'oiunious in ISoO and \v:is thvTf till )S:59. Al'-!:oiigh his opinions were at- first of a -iemo- trat.ji- tendency, they gradually became V- nser v:i: ire. till !:i j.-ut himsulf under the standard of the J.tnhe ot Wellington. He strouyly sup por;eii tbe - 'oi'M-rvative.s during the iw-siu- oJ: the Kc-f'e.nii l;:ll, auil moved a re«ol;iti(jii on the i-fi-i'esei\t:itit.-i! of minorities, which wa-% l:ow e.ver, iiegativ--il. Mr. l.'Kdo here said th:.s ho thought it very unfair that iu a coas:ii-;ej'|ey of say lM'O ratepayers 910 should retiiiii 5wo liicmbcrs, while the ^UUslioiitd not only l:.-.-: h:tve their opinions represented, but «o*:ild .!'.ave oi-i!-.:ciii:i:;dvo;-:it-.''l \v}iic!i were in direc'. o:-»io-i- lii.'i to tht*is--. I^e tliciigiir. tiiav- euc':; ?:-'.J;-ti- tsii !icy Hlmuiil niuru thieu members. :-i:-*j;.:gh i -arli l-j'tejiavcr .should only h;.ve two voi«-. 'l i:--:-i{jh this sciicme perhaps wo::ld not s, entirely n-im-dy t\«-? enoi-, yv-tit woi-.ld gu c Jotig/' way towanls ir. Ho nsentloned thi:=, I-.-?- .= ;iae' heThonghv '.he qiiestk-ii \v-.i;ili\ before lon.r -nive to be disw.fsi'd in tlie TSo'it-h Australian ';. --i.'is- lat::iv. In Io31 1'rai-d bi came Secretary to \\.lir J'.oiiid of Control uuiier Sir unbi-rt IV-r-i. H« liK.iried in tin- following year, which iu: ?r'..-.^^, howtver, hv- did not long ?-;;rvivi-, u* he t::-.-d'in July 1N5;), completely worn out throu.^'. his iwduovw 1'ariiainviitary dulii-s. Soin.- very ^-'od recitations ;:ad piano solos were given (itriinj the proceedings, and a duet liy Mi-s \Vj!i--.-.ail and Miss Jioldeu was much euj'.iyei. 