It is most amnsing to note tbe eSorts that are being made to create a fond of political capital ont of the bundle of returned carcnlars to the electors of West Melbonrne.' There is an affectation of ha'ring lighted on some dreadfol discoyei — some very awful revelation — some Gut Fawkes cellar filled with darkness and destroctive materials. Mr Fisaecis was very " fall" on this matter in a speech he made the other evening to a small company of the'electorB. To his own personal knowledge, said the hon. gentleman, some 4000 or 6000 drcnlars were sent by bis committee to the addresses given on tbe electoral roll, which had been revised np to within a week of tbe election ; 500 of these drcDlars were retamed by &e; letter-car riers from inalslity to find the persons named on them ; and yet 200 of the miss ing electors tnmed np at the election and recorded their votes. He, for bis part, re garded these 200 voters as dommies, or, in word, personators. Now, at first sight, it may be granted the inference drawn by Mr Fbakcis seems feasible enongh. It is exactly the kind of inference that persons who don't care to examine their facts, and who are bent opon arriving at a foregone conclnsion, are accas- tomed to draw. The wish is father to the thonght, in tMs ce as in so many others. Bat the reasonable and wise course to fol low in these matters is, to carefoUy examine the facts first, , and then let them tell their own story. We saspect that if Mr ffianoib and his friends in West Melbonme were to act open this prodent piindt, they would not be qaite eo sare as they appear to be, that there were at least a couple of hundred of fictitious voters polled at the late election in tbmr distyict. A suggtion of that kind is really a very eerious one. It impeaches not alone the political honesty of a iaige sec tion of the electors, but tbe integrity of the ballot ; and it raises the question whethiar, \- after tdl, our present system of taking the' votes at elections is both a safe and an'eS- cadons one. Gertdnly tbe system is neither, and the ballot is a mockery and a snare, if fictitious votes by the batch — 4ar mme- than sufficient to 'tarn tbn balance at a contested election — can be mshed undetected into the pollihg-booths. Two hundred dummies or " deadheads" voting in a single district is a very startiing dFCumstance indeed. Itwonldbeeven alarm ing, if it were completely authenticated ; for. If there are 200 in West Melbonme alone, how many may ttiere not be scattered all over the colonj at a general election? There wonid, in that case, foe ample warrant; for diing the parallel instances of the ballot-box stuffera and " repeaters" in New Yo and for demanding londly a revidon of the whole system of voting. Our electoral rolls and our politicd consti tution would both bo troly in a very bad way. Bnt let ns look the facts, as alleged, fairly in the face. There b an anecdote of a nniversity professor who, gmng into bis rooms late one night, saw an apparition — or something that appeared yeiy like an ap parition — sittiog in his um-chw. Being a man of cool courage and sound reason, the professor boldly went up to the ghofit, and sat down upon it ; and, by doing oo. proved most satisfactorily that there was no ghost at all 1 So in the other instance. Those 200 " deadheads " will very speedily dis solve into a mere fancy when they are re- solntely tachled." Now, to begin with, what is the allation ? It is, tiiat eome 500 printed canialars, ont of 5000, ed to find the persons to whom they were ad dressed j' and that 200 of these miaBing persons voted, nevertheless, at the ensuing election. The inference drawn is tlmt these 200 votes ware false and ficiitions — mere personatoTS, in fact. We shall ventore -to affirm, and shall prove it, that there are no gronnds whatever for making any such assertioD. Do we not all re member tbat a pnedsely similar etateinenit was made before the last-election for West Melbourne, which was found, 10 all, to be a fallacy? A so-called registrataoD sodely startled the world hy-tbe annonncement of the discovery of wholesale roH-stnffing in that constitnency. There was a great fnss , made atthe levisibn 'conrtsl and a wibild ot writing In the ne wapieFB,over tbe matter ; but, when all was don it .tuipsd onp that fifae society wak a sham, that it wasmmely got np for.-tlm purpose; of -providing' smaU, billets for one or two persons, and that the discovery it was — not the voters-7-which was all a fiction. The West Melbbarne rolls were, in troth, as eonnd and gennine as, nnder tbe ev0- vatying cbndilionB of human I'lfe, any large elector roll can be. There had bran no roll-staffing at all. Well, supposing 200 voters whom drcnlars failed to reach come np to vote on a certain polling-day ; they have each and all of them to go through the regular ordeal of identificalion on the roll, personal examination by the scniri- neers, tbe glance of the deputy retaroing- officer, and tbe process of reccing their votes. All this is critictJ - enongh for any man to face; and then the penalties attached to personation are very serions, quite enough. so to make the least educated or tbe most techlw person tate heed to what he is abont. To run the risk of being apprehended and punished 'for com mitting a crlrhinal uSence, merely for the sake of adding a single vote to the side of a favorite candidate, is a truly desperate proceeding. Does any man in his senses suppose, or believe, that so many as 200 persons ran that risk, in the face of open day, at the last election for West Melbourne ? Does any man believe that 200 flagrant and almost notorious peFBonators were stalking about the polling- booths, undetected, on that occasion? The mere idea is too preposterons to be reasoned oppu. Then, as to those nn- deli'vered mrcnlars; is it not well knowp that many electors, laborers and working men, are constiaatly on ' the move, as their employment variee from day to. day Sup posing some large public work is commenc in a given nhborhood, or that shearing- time or tbe harvest season comes ronnd, some scores of hundreds of . workers shift their residences immediately. The diiftiag may be- the) woih of a single day; and if the laborer happens, to be an unmarried man, he . simply leaves -bis lodging, and departs without leaving any address behind him, or notify ing the. Postmaster- General of his change of reence. Say that from West M3- bonrne, in a given week, a conple of bun-' dred working men go . off in search or to take an offer of employment. Some go to repairing the roads a few miles from the city, eome to a job on the rial- ways, others to a job at the improvement works 'in the; adjacent swamp, and .a few, perhaps, to look ont for a- good ejection somewhere np the countiy. All of them, move away withont troubling their heads m the least about printed circulars or other worthless documents at all. They never think of the postman or Ins calls. Bat when their votes are wanted on a "day of election, they are looked np, notice is sent them to come down from 'their employment for the purpose, and they come accordingly. That is the whole mystery. Take an illustration A certain John Bbo'wn comes into tiie filing booth, and is asked the 'usnal questions, to which he gpves correct answers. But a scrutineer further questions him— ""Where were you, JOHN BBOWN, on the 15th Jannajy last ?" The answer is, I was working on the railroad line at Oakleigh." " Yon had removed from West Melbourne?" "Yes, to Oakleigh; and I am still working there," " You have come from there to vote ?" " Yes." Here is the simple and complete explana tion of the 200 so-called " deadheads " in West Melbourne. They were elmply working men on the move. H Mr Fhancis or his friends thiuk that they have made any deeper discovety than this, they are very much mistaken. The whole aSair is just another political mare's nest ; and we don't think the finding of the same will in the least degree improve the hon. gentle man's chances in the pending election. We mast compliment Mr Bebbt on the manly act he performed in the Legislative Assembly last Thursday evening. That act is one lich does credit to his heart, and which will command the approval of every honest man in tbe Victorian commnnity. The CouDcfi has thought proper, in tto depth of its irritation at being worsted in tbe late conflict between the two Houses, to , adopt an address to the Colonial Secretary strongly denonndng the Governor for the part he played throu|oat the contest. In that docnment h'ls Excellmicy is charged, directly and indirectly, with having shown gross partiality during the dead-lock, and with hfiving broken the law in several par- ticnlare,inoFderto support Mr BEEETand his colleagues in their fight agmnst the preten- sioDsof thatChamber. the object of each an address as this to Sir HiohaeIi Hicks- Beach is to damage the reputation of Sir Geobge Bowen in the Colonial Office, and, if possible, to obtun his recall from .this colony before his ordinary term of service has expired. A docnment like this going to England from one branch of the Victorian Legislatnre without a reply from Ihe otiier, would at least have aroused a snspidon in Downing Street tbat the complaints made against the Governor by the cabal out here were unanswerable; and some doubts might, therefore, linger in the mind of the Oolonial Secretary as to whetiier Sir Geobgb Boiven was the most jndicions of Governors when the time came ronnd to confer upon him another and similar appointment. It. was necessary, therefore, that the attack shonld be met, and resented, by an authority at least equal to the CopD- oil, or there was every danger that a real injustice wonId have been inflicted. Hnnce the Chief Secretary took np tbe matter with his characteristic generosity ; and theresnlt was the passing of the following address to Sir Geobge Bowen by the Legislative Assembly last Thursday evening : — it pleaze your Rxcellency We, Usjesfy'e most dutiful uid loyal sub jects, the members of the LUlaUve Assembly of VictorisL, In pAiiifimt nBsembled, desire to ap proadi your Excelleocy witii the assoraoceof our continue loty nod devotion to Her Most Gracious Majeafy, and of our personal respect to your Excdlency, Rfitore tdonng an arfnonn anH mAmftT1iV.>pwpfr>n vre desire to approach your Escdieacy vith the expression of our thanVs for the constant Tigilance the vise forbearance, and the anwarering patience vhic have so largdy contributed to cany the country eafdy through a trying ctidB. Under the pressure of serious difficulties, your Excellency has muntained in their intrity the principles of English freedom embodied in our constitutionprinciples vbidh secure, at tbe same time tbe liberty of the people and the autbezify of the Croirn. With less constitattoiial foresight on the part of the Queen's representatiTe, a conflict between the constituencies and tbe Crown might have become ioevitable. The unbrohen order toppily presesred throoghont the conntoiing a period of intense exmtement is attributable we .are persuaded, beyond any other cause to the convictioa in the mipds of tbe peopletbat e high functioiu vith which your Rxcellency is inrested would be exr erczsed in a spirit of equity and unpartialify. In your relations to Parliament, to your ad> Tuen, end to e Oown, yoitf ccdlency has, In our judgment, ezbUiited a comtaot desire to pre serve to.each its legitimate authority, and in Mter times, we doubt no the example wUdi you wve set In a grave imblic emergan vnll tedted as a model for coustitutioDal Governors. There is not a. word in . this addresk that is ot perfectly trne, and to haite smd any thing less would . have been to have dealt nnjusfly with the Governbr,' TIeifect order prevail .ifaronghont |j>e cdoay Soring the most trying timeB perhaps It to ev0 mtr nessed, faecsoEeovery person felt -'tbat tbe MInlkhy were faiibful to the ikalarfiansa, Atad tiiatVtiie Gcivtoor w.u iiOfoto bepnshe ; ont of a constitntiono! groove by .tbeeSorte of a email bnt desperate faction. The con- sMnenoe was' tbat events were allowed to take their own coarse, withont any ext prei»nrefronitbeiieo4ei aodthesatisfaistory' manner in which tbe strife bas ended for: the commnmty- is nndemaUe pnxJ that tbe Goveinor fulbfally dischaig bis dotyr jbrongbont the crisis. 'The Chief Secretary introdnced the preliminaries leading up to' the adoption of tbe above address in a fine manly speech, and one which shows how worthy 'foe is to 'EH bis 'neeent pomtion. Eb challenged the Opposition ' to dow bow "it was 'possible for the Governor to -have acted' in any otber manner than he has done witboQlfaetrayiag representative insti- tntions and the commtssion be holds from tbe Queen ; and he etigmatised tbe attacks which had been made upon his Excellency by tbe Oonndl and the press as the most infamons tbat had ever been made in this colony since parliamentary institntions were established. And the Opposition conld not deny the perfect justice of these state ments, for tbe beet of all reasons, becanse they were irrefutable. Every honest Englishman must feel tbe most unutterable disgust over .the, abuse which the Oovemor has receiv from the Conservative press, and tbe Council, since the dead-lock commenced, and 'confially sympathise with Ms Excellency in the nn- pleasant porition in wM be has been placed by this vile and on-English treat ment. Nothing like it bas ever occuired in a British cohunniuty before ; and it is with no little regret that every dnt person finds such a wretched examfdeBei to the world by a ctdony that is hsiudiy the nmst kiaiHy in its instincts, and the most generons In its actions. £at the connter-blast adapted by the Assembly wuU prevent aU ill ' effects aming to the Governor from, this abase, and wring the sting from the ConntS's address, just tbe aame as tbe attitude which the Conncil and tbe. Oppositipn have (iBBomed since' the crisis . bpgan has destroyed all dionce of tbe ob- strnctives - ever making . peace with tbe people, or of having anything ' like a directing infinenoe in tbe Goveroment of this colony for the futore. The shots tbat have been dischat ' will therefore fall barmlessly in tbe one case, just as they will do good in tbe -otber. The Conncil vriti gain nothing by its address agunst tbe Go vernor; and the bbstriictives bave lost all influence by. Qieir abase. And these satis- factoiy results have been brought about partly by the constitntional action 'bf Sir Geobge Bowen, and partly by the judidons 'manner in which ail iorts made to defy the will of tbe people, and injure the reputation of tbe Qoeen's representative, have been thwarted by Mr 'Beeey. Swear ing all round may sometimes have its uses ; but nothing save a mgnal fmlure wiii be the resnlt in this instance. An accident happened te tbe 10.20 express Iraio from Melbonrne last nigbt, whicb delayed its' its arrival at the Weatem station for two bonrs and forty minntes. A vsdTe.spindle in tbe engine brdbe at Moimt Doran, bringing the train to a standstill. As soon as news reaibed Ballarat, Messrs O'Mslley and Troup went down to tbe scene on tbe pilot engine, and sent Itack tbe disabled engine, which was able to travel by itself, leaving behind tbe pilat engine by which tbe train was at last brought into the Western station, about one o'clock this morning. Tbe 10.35 train for Staweil. and the 10.50 train for Maryborough could not leave until the arrival of tbe Melbourne trun, as passengers travel on direct after arriving here by tbe Md- bonrne trmn. . Shortly after one o'dock, however, both trains left the station, and proceeded to their destination. A depntation on behalf of tbe Bnninyong Cemetery trustees, consistiDg of Messrs Harvey and Green, waited yesterday, at Cambrian HiU, on tbe Hon. J. B. Fattenon, Commissioner of Pnblic Works, to remind bim of a promise made some time ago tbat the Government would give a sum of ' money equal to that raised in tbe district for tbe purpose of improving tbe local cemetery. Mr Patterson said tbat tbe Government was willing to aid any local body wlilch assisted itself, and that be woiUd take fbe matter into favorable txmsidera- tion. The deputation thanked Mr Patterson, and withdrew. Tbe Ci Police Conrt was tsnwded yesterday on the occasion of tbe hearing of the proceed- -ings Institnted against Mr Charies Dyte by Mr J. 0. Mtdloy, for assanlt. Both gentle men are members of die Orphan Asylum com mittee, and_ at tbe meetiDg, held on tbe 12di ultimo, owing to Mr MoUoy moving ' certain resolutions, which fib Byte conridered related to bim personally, the latter got exceedingly angry, 8truck.Mr MoUoy in the face with his fist, and also strnck bim witha stick. Mr Molloydidnot retaliate, but after waiting, withont effect, for Mr Byte to apologise, be took cat a snmmons for tbe assault. . Tbe evidence given in court was Teiy_ mnch to this effect, and the bench, after bearing tbe evidence of a nnmliCT of witnesses, said that consideriag the social position of the two gentlemen, and the fact that tbe assanlt was not of a very serions natnre, they were of opinion that a fine of 6s with fis oasts would meet the case, and tfais penalty was accordingly inflicted on Mr- Byte. Mr Gannt appeared for Mr Mdloy, and Mr Byte defended himself. There was an immense attendance at the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition yesterday; the number of visitors being no less than 2511, while the receipts totalled £55 0s 6d. This increased attendance, however, was mostly due to the excursion trains from Hamilton and Elaine— the first-named bringing about 1200 persons, in two trains; while Eiune contributed abont 150, by the early morning train. In connection with tbe Hamilton excursion, itiaas well to notice that Mr Earie(tiie late station- master) and Mr Hsyaon (the present one) male arrangemraitB for the teip as perfect as posrilfley and reeeived tbe well-meiited commendation of tbe excurmoniste. The Elaine visitors departed by any train, while the special for our Hamilton friends did not depart untti after five o'clock ; tbe Soldiers' HiU State school band paying tbe eompE-. meat of playing them ont of the aiatioD. How ever, all expressed gratition at tbe visi;; and it is probable that party of ex- cursioolsts will arrive from the same quarter shortly. The promenade concert in the evening was well carried out by Mrs Hurst and Messrs Barton, B. Willdnsoxi, and F. Cozaly, who gave some favorite eelectiont from popular operas. Mn Hurst confirmed tbe fovoiable impression made by her on the pteTiotis evening, her selections being most favorably Tecrived. Mr Barton was in good voice, and Messrs Wilkinson and Cazaly sang and proved most nsefoL.in'jthe .concened music; while Mr Irving's recitations gave a pleasing variety 'to; the ebteitainment. A dnet from "Obeian" was played really writ by Miss and Master Hale, and the Misses Olney and Lovitt pl&;M the "Canary Bird Quadrflles" nicdy. The audience seemed altogether greatly pleased with tbe entertainment. We may add tliat arrange ments have been made for an excursion from Sandridge on 12tb AprU. Tbe new State school at Cambrian Bill, No. 128, was opened yesterday evening by tbe Htm. J. B. Patterson ; Messrs B< and -Tames, MX.A., bemg also present. Tbe opening, which was very auc- cessfnl, will be fonnd reported in detail in another column. A well-known thoncter named Walter Baleigb was arrested tast' ereiung by Detective .fiylai for stealing a saddle and bridle, and lodg in the Town lotk-np. An owner is wanted for tiie.pro- perty, but it is-probable the ioteUigent officer who made tbe arrest will find that personage within a day or two. At the Cify Police Court yesterday, an old man named James Bramw " Va cbaigqd .'with in decent exposure on the 26th ultimo, and sent to gaol for six montba, with hard labor. Prisoner, it will be remembered, on tbe day in qnestion made uro of some disgnating expresaioDB to two little iris, .but, at teat time tee other offence was not known oL . ' We bare recrived a number of letters from Mr MoUoy, relative to tee Bssanlt case of MoIIoy y Dyte, heard yesterday In tbe police conrt, with a reqneet that'we wonld publish teem. Our spice, bowerer, isifar too liiidted for tiie pnblication of ench copions docnments. Horeovo', aU that in terests ihe pnblic vdll be found contained in the report dsewfame, sotfaatno qsefnl pnipose wonld be served by onr publishing this cotrespon- 'dence. Under these tarcnmstances tee letters have lieen laid aside, and wHl be retorned to Mr ' Mplloy,oii application Tbe monlfaly mprtingcff the Tpwn llisaion com mittee fras held on Ftida.y evening, when there vere presentrMr D» Ham. tkaumaD.e&d; Uesere W, Little,'>d>. Oodke Smamencelee Wbitdiead. raiUex>Qder. HoAin, ' and Ber, Jno. Drchard. Tbe missioD&rj; reported with the assistance of Mr Smiths 206 Tisitv had been made in domestie Tbirtj-nine eezrieefl hdd rnontb. iDdndih' mwHhd'd'irat-door xneOdnL The Sunday 8chwa8r'j|ei'l in a -Nourmmg coDdiCion,--'h!Ie tte reaa ociety .was dofrm good woi- A Toong SfA'e Uhristian sochn also been cmnmeiKied 4anng the moD'XIie IcontempUted enUrgement of tbe mujiigjl hiiilding ' has Ateen inTM&hly; postponed for tite present; In ccmseqned&e; ofa pazlial snh- Bidence of tbe ground through mihtng operftt|3ns. It was stated by tbe mayor of Ballarat East lost ereDing. at tbe meeting of tbe council, that Mr Woc' patent continuous brake would Aortly be applied to all the carriages running on tbe Tic torian Railways. A special meeting of tbe City Fire Brigade was brid on Tliarfiday eremug, for the poipoee of re- ceiring nominalaDns for riie office of secretary, render vacant by the resignation of Mr W. R. Asriord. Mr J. H. Williams was in tbe cair, and about 25 members were present. Messrs P. More- bouse, W. A. Mann, and John Marsb were nomi nated for cbe office, the ectton for whidi 9riU take place at a special meeting to be held on liinrsday, tbe lltb instant. - At the meeting of the Town Council last eren- xng the mayor stated that tbe dispute between that body and toe Grand Dake Qaarta. Mining Company bad been amicably settled. The monthly meeting of the Sebastopol Board of Advice was held on Wednesday eTening last. PresentThe full board. The usual routine busi ness having been disposed of Mr Beverin reported having visited sclibol No. 1167, and tound all in order as usual. The correspondent reported that he had applied for copies of Professor Pearson's report ; but no reply had as yet been receired. A holiday had been given to toe Redan school on St. Patrick's Day, on the application of toe bead teacher ; hut he thougdt it wrong to cdose tbe State schools on those oocaslons, and he should oppose it in future. The board endorsed toe correspondent's views as to the inadvisability of for any saint's day whatever, and that it should not be done in future. The correspondent also re ferred to the e(toooi groands being now secnrdy fenced. The season had come when it would be advisable to have the grounds planted wito trees, and proirly levelled so as to carry off tbe super fluous water. It was derided that toe correspon dent take the necessary steps in tbe matter. The matt of truancy was also coosidered, as also singing and drawing in the schools. In the latter It was tbe unanimous desire of the board that steps should be taken by toe hon. tbe Bdinieter to have the slngiDg and drawing proply taught in every school ; drawing, the more especially, being a most important qnalffication likely to end in very bene ficial results in a young community like ours. The ErcUdoun meeting of the Ballarat Coursing Club came to a conclusion yesterday ; the winner ing Mr S. Henwick'a Desdemona; and toe ruQuer-up, Mr J. Hiddlemiss' Cynthia. The weather was beautiful, and tbe courses, altboogb not 80 rapid as on the first day, were nearly all excrilent trials, tbe'deridiog course being a perfect " gruelier." A report appears risewhere. Tbe Town Council met last evening, and tiansacted'tfae usual amouot of onJioary business, a report of which appears elsewhere. It was re solved that toe next meeting should be held on Thursday, the 18th instant. A meeting of grocers and produce merriiants was held last evening at the Buck's Head hotri. The atteuduce was large, and it was derided to hold tbe annual picnic at Bmrumbeet, on Wed nesday, 10th April. A successful gathering is anticipated. The let of May bas been selected as the dayjfor the Bendigo excursion to toe Juvenile Industrial Esfaibition, subject to Mr Bannister's approval At the Clones Borough Couuril meeting on Thursday hvening, a letter was received from the Central Board of Health, stating in reply to en quiry, " tbat a child who has had scarlet fever shoitid not be allowed . to attend 8db(K>l until at least s clear week shall bave elapsed from toe time wIko desquamation ims entirriy ceased, or in other words, when toe skin has quite recovered its natural appearance and condition." Received ; and, on tbe motion of Counrillor Job- son, seconded by Councillor Eberhard, the letter be received, and a copy of it sent to Dr Dickinson, who had opened the correspondence on the matter with the conncil. A plan and view of the proposed new post office and telegraph station were received, and submitted to tbe counril, and met with great approval. Voucher for £425, first moiety of endowment, was also received from Government. We have received from Mr E. A. Potts, of 79 BruDBwick street, Fitzroy, a bottle of Mrs Clausen's patent magic washing solution. -By following the directions affixed to toe bottl the eolation reduces the time by ooe half of that occu pied by tbe ordinary way of washing. As no rub- bii is required, toe solution is said not to deterio rate the most delicate fabric, and is free from all poisonous matter. Owing to tbe misplaceirent of the word rolls" in our yesterday's report of the meeting of the Ballarat East Board of Advice, it was made to appr tbat the board intended to wait upon tbe Minister of Education in reference to the Eureka street stood rolls. Tfais was an error. Tbe word Id queetioD sbould have formed a side-head to the aueeding sentence. Some rascal baa been employing his spare time breaki the windows of Wesleyan Church, at Canadian, and a reward of £1 is offered for the discovery of toe offender. The much-vexed questiou of a cemetery for Ballarat East came before -toe council last eron- i, and it was resolved that a oommtttee con sisting of tbe Mayor, Crs Josephs and Long take action to have a site selected and gazetted. At Clunes yesterday, after the rising of the police court, a laige party of gentlemen con- oected wito the bar, and other official personages, met at Wiles' Club hotel, and presented to Mr-C. C. Dowling Che foUowing address, bandsomriy illuminated and framed : — < To Charles Cholmely Dowlii, Esq. Dear sir, — We, the undersigned justices of tbe peace at tending tbe Court of Petty Sessions at Clones, and Ial practitioners practising in this court, desire to express to you our rincere regret on tbe occasion of your retiring from the office of police magistrate aod.toainnan of the of magistrates, of this district over which you have prerided for so many years. In toe exercise of yoor judicial functions you have iuvariably wito great ability, integrity, and impaitiaUty, meted out justice in such a manner sis to command tbe respect of all in whose cases you have adjudicated. We, toe nndersigDed justices of the peace, have ways been trated by you wito the utmost courtesy, and have fully appreciated toe value of your lai knowledge and advice. And we, the undersigned legal practitioners, beg to . toank yon for the forliearance abd ' courtesy you have always shown us. Wishing you success in every sphere of life into which you may enter, and hoping - that every blessing may attend yon and your family hereafter, we beg to sabscribe onrselves, with mnrii respt; yours faithfoBy.'f (Signed by all the magutrates and members of toe legal profession.) 'Afterwards toe parfy passed a pleasant honr in Iffiarity, and ezchangiDg compli ments. The handicaps for toe Ballarat Gun Clnb trophy, value £10, to take place next Friday, will be found elsewhere. The progTamme of the mndcal portion of the lecture on "The Songs of Scotland, and Scottish Writers," to be delivered by the Rev. J. W. loglis, in the Mechanics' Institute next Friday 'evemng, will be found published in onr advertising columns. These songs will be sung by .Mrs Thomas, iss Ellis, Miss Da'vies, Miss fiarley, Miss Askwith, uid Messrs Roberts, MLe Cazaly, Carnegie, and Tonng. At Eastertide the Academy of Music will be occnpied by Lysteris opera company, arrangements for which have now been complete. The season will mctend for six nights, the snbscription for which is snffirieatly reasonable to induce a large attendance of tbe lovers of tbe modern opera. The opeziiog night will be oo Easter Monday, when the opera of " Girofle-Girofla " will "be product, rrospectnses will shortly be issued, and particulars advertised, when Mr W. J. Gates will canvass for subscribers. The forthcoming Easter Fair, in aid of the h Fabhc Library, offers a etrildng feature, in the presentation, for this time only, of toe King of BriUrat, or of him wbo claims that title— pace Vioforia The Eubjeri; of " Turkey and Prophecy " will be continued in Bt. Paul's Church to-morrow evemng. Tbe Stewart family will appear in their clever drawingroom entertainment in too Mecbanics In- stitnte this eving. This entertuoment is of an amusing character, and is very favorably spokoi of by toe press of the districts iu which it has been given. A tea meeting, to bid farewril to the Bar. E. I. Watldn and the Rev. J. Minns, who are about to leave the town, will take place In the Dana Street Schoolroom next Tnesday evening. Special sermons in coDnectic with toe Primitive Methodist' Cburrii, Eyre stre will be preached to-mohow in tbe morning by Rev. Martin HosMog, in the aftenioon- by toe Rev. W. CUrk and in toe evemng by the aeT. X. J..Coi7.. A tea meeting wiU take place on the loUowig evmx- ing, - ' . i programme of toe annual meeting'u the Buninyo lUoe. Qub,' to be . held pp Easter "Monday- vie found pplifa to .onr , ing columns thismprninff. iforlh9.afUQ- yohg Handicap t.-andicap Hnr' l&ce; ill be received up to tbe 18th instant, and toe will be pnblished on the SOtli. The 20to will aiI®o night of general entry. , Soae 33ewly-bnilt rooms on toe sonth side of the »Yestern railway station have a fcmark- ably neat anu ateance. Tbe cfaMrs are grand omngb rO' the heM appoioted drawing- room, and are of mannfactnre and ap- pearance. Tlie table i® composed of fine white, marble, and tfim a laifosed nnrror over toe mantelpiece, tbe carpet, listings, Ac., of the room presenting a very handsome appeazuce, quite in keeping with that of a smaller inner room, simi larly fanushed. BotoroomB bare a voy handsome, BfyliBh, and comfortaUe look, mncfr in advance of the dingy tenements so often met wito at Railway stations. The Bishop of Ballarat will preach to-morrow in Christ Ohnrch, atihe morning service. The anniversary of tbe Sabbath school in con- . nection with toe Bible Christian Chnr Aiin- strong Btrmt, will be celebrated to-morrow when the Revs. BanupghamjCory, and Hunt will preach at morning, afteznoon, and evening services respec tively. A tea meeting will take place on the fol lowing Monday. ITie Hamilton Sptaior states that eome of the passengers in the trn Ballarat to Ararat, on Tnesday afternoon, were serionsly alarmed by the conduct of one of thrir fellow- travdlers. Hiey were seated in an open second-class carriage at BaUarat, at the end furthest from tbe locomotive when an elderly respectably -dressed man got in, and at once. asked toem if they intended to smoke. Receiving no reply, he sat down at the far end of the carriage, with his bade to the loco motive. Shortly afterwards one of the passengers, sud be would ve a smoke; if he put bis bead out of tbe window toe fumes could not travd forward and annoy tbe steanger. Xhereuppn he lighted his pipe, nnt had oo sooner doae so tban toe other man rose from his seat, swore be woidd cut bis own throat, and vaulted dean throngh the window, tbe train going at full speed. Fortunately be did not let go his'faold, and bis feet alighting on tbe step, be stood thae shouting Murder, murder ! I'Q murder myself i" His cries attracted toe atten tion of the gofl tbe tnun was stopped, tbat official rushed up to tbe seeming asked hhn what be was doing on toe st. He tiien lodged his complaint, and refosed to enter the carriage again unless toe other passeers dedated frcm smoking. They, also, loosed to remain there- if he were allowed to get in' again, as toey did not think toey would be particulariy safe. They recommended he toould travel in .toe van. and . tbe guard saw there was nothing for it but this. It was not, however, until be had sured tbe stranger that he did. Dot smoke that the man who had so nearly lost his life would with him. Our informant states the apparent lunatic was afterwards allowed to travel onwards to Stawdl, as though nothing had happened. The Wixrmambool Uuardian says tbat & letter to the Minister of Justice, askiog that Mr H. B. Lace should he reinstated as stipendiary magistrate for that district, is now in course of signature in Wamuunbool. A magisterial enquiry (says the Creswick Ad- v&rtiset;) was held by Air A. Bell, J.P., on Wed nesday, at North Cmwick, tontoing toe death of Henry Easton, 'the fazaceman, killed the previous day at Dyte's FreehoIA. After py«mTning three witnesses, a verdict of accidental death was re turned. Xtcame ont in evidence that tbe unfor tunate deceased had been cautioned several timofl about toe danger of speakisg down tbe shaft. The ranains were followed to toe cemetery yes terday afternoon by a large number of monrners. The Rev. Father Fennelly performed toe religious services. Sometlmig like pears. Mr Tremlett, of Inker- man street (says the Haryhorougk Advertiser)', has left at our contempMary's office rix pears of tbe 8t. Germain Uvale kind, which most conclusively show to what perfection fruit can be grown at Maryborough. Tbe six pears weigh 11 lb 14 oz, two.M tb on one spur tnro toe sce at 4 lb 4 oz. About five years ago Mr Tumlett had an old pear not bearing vcfy wdl, when be put a graft on one of thelimbSj which has now borne the fruit described. The pears are 8 intoes long, and 15 Inches in cir- cumference round the largest end. Mr Tremlelt has long been known as an excellent gardener and fruit grower, and his presait exhibit will add to his reputation. Mr Trenlett8 garden is composed of old mining grouod, which he has levelled and filled p. If a few mtles of old worked out gronnd were treated in a similar manner, it would be well both for the public and the cultivators. On Tuesday morning (says the Talbot Leader) the infant eon of Johu Domey, of Opossum GuUy, near Amherst, met wito his death under the following distressing mrcumBtances : — About II o'cdock Mrs Domey was engaged in washing and a nrigbbor a)miog in and not Bering the chilof enquired for him, who, his mother said, she thonghi was in the bedroom. Subsequently a search wan made for tbe child in the house, but without success, and on the search being extended, the poor little fellow was found in a water-hole witoin a short distance from the bouse quite dead, although the water therein was barely sufficient to - cover body. A special meeting (says the Age) of tbe counril and members of the National Reform and Protec tion Leagues of Victoria was held on Thursday, at toe Reform Club Hotri, when a large uumb of members were present. The foUowii resolution was moved by Mr Fisher, and seconded by Mr Harratt : — " That this meeting resolves, iodivi- durily and collectively, to use the most strenuous efforts to return Sir Bryan O'Logblen for West Melbonrne, and by such a decided majority to de monstrate to tbe so-called constitutional party their opioion of the manifestly unfair oppositions offered to toe Attomey-CaeneraL" The motion was unanimously carried. Oo enquiry on Tliursday evening (says toe DujioUy Express) we were informed that jockey Phelps, who was injured in the Maiden Plate Race on Wednesday, was improving, and Dr Wolfenden bad hopes that the iury was not so serious as at first apprehended. The lad lay in a kind of stupor until Thursday morning, when consciousness seemed to begin to dawn upoia bim, and there were signs of improvement up to toe time we made en quiry. The oth» jockey, Murphy, who was in jured at toe same accident, does not, from all we can learn, seem much the worse for his tuml ; but he may have recrived some internal injury which may show itself at a future time. The rider Ros, who was thrown on Thursday in the Hurdle Race, is an inmate of the Duaolly Hospi tal, and will probably carry the marks td bis acci dent for the remainder of his life. Mr Thomas Cooper, MX.A. (says the Oreswick Advertiser) baa recrived the following appoint ment: — 'The officer commanding tbe forces is pleased to approve trf the following acting appoint ment : — Ballarat Troop-Sergeant T. CTooper to be lieutenant, to date from Ist February, 1878. By command, J. 0. Stdbbs, staff, captain." Our contemporary congratulates Mr Cooper upon bis promotioD, and and also the troop in obtaining so efficient an officer. Altoough tbe vintage (says toe Ararat Adver tiser) throughout this district, as a whole, is not expected to be very good, so far as quantity is con cerned, that of Messrs Mooney Brothers promises to prove the exception. Already more wine bas been made than in any of the past three years, and only about half tbe fruit bas yet been harvested. A new press has just been, placed in position, at a cost of nearly £200, ud more vats are ordered in anticipation of tbe produce from those portions of toe vineysrd not cat. Only toe wtote wines have yet been made 