TJie Storyteller, A Reporter's Story Br ONB OF THE CRAFT. CHAPTER IL As important political meeting had occa sioned our visit ; to Moonal. Sir Donald Jumbuck was to unfold the policy of his party .and the oration was anticipated with great interest. The time soon came for Sir Donald to deliver his longex pected speech and having transferred this to our notebooks we left the hall for ' the telegraph office. Moonal was a very small place, and its usually limited telegraph business was managed by the postmistress, whose staff consisted of a bull-headed messenger. There were two instruments in the office, which communicated with Berrytown by two routes, and in anticipation of the press of work a couple of operators had been sent down to transmit to Berrytown ver batim reports of the great man's utter ances. I was tbe last to arrive at the office, and was introduced by one of the visiting operators to the postmistress. I had seen a good manp female telegraph clerks be fore, but had always felt that the fact of their being civil servants did not add to their charms. Bed tape was not romance and selfish man objected to the competi tion of cheap labor. The face of the Moonal postmistress seemed familiar to me, and ere her name — Miss Deyerell — was announced I re membered where 'we had met before. She was the daughter of a once wellto do settler in a colony which is as cele brated for' the serenity of its climate as for the beauty and talent of its women, I had heard of the misfortunes and death of her father, of whose hospitality I and one of my companions had agreeable re collections, and I hesitated before speak ing of events the mention of which would, I was sure, at once recall our visit to her former home. Three years pre viously there had seemed little proba bility that sbe would ever have to work for a bare subsistence in a dingy office. I at once felt an interest in the girl she was not more than one-and-twenty — ^together, apart from that resulting from my recollections of her earlier years. At seventeen she had been regarded as a mad, hot-headed girl who was destined to break her neck . over the fences of her father's estate, which was in splendid hunt ing country and wa& in the halcyon days of its proprietor the scene of some of the best meets probably yet held in Aus tralasia. At twenty- one, as I no w saw her, she was much taller, but the glowing freshness of complexion which char acterises tbe daughters of the island of her birth had faded and been replaced by a somewhat anoemic pallor. The change to a' life alike unsuited to body and mind had rendered her much less robust, but it had not destroyed the svelte beauty of her lithe form, nor the elasticity of step which her once athletic habits had given her. Nor had it suf ficed to alter the clearly-cut features to which the rather small and pronouncedly firm mouth, especially when taken in con junction with the sparkling vivacity of her powerful black eyes, invested with a most striking appearance of spirit and resolution. No one would have mistaken her for the poor niece of a Berrytown demagogue, nor for the daughter of the chairman of that demagogue's election committee — for by such people it was that positions like that held by Miss Deverell were - almost uni formly filled. She carried with her such an elegant manner and displayed such a refinement even in her plain black dress and the unaffected dainty abandon by which her slightest movements were marked that in ten minutes I found my self unconsciously registering a vow to cherish for her sake a platonic affection for the whole race of postmistresses, both in and out of Berrytown. I soon had an opportunity of quietly con versing with her. . She had been in the service, she said, for about a year, and had learnt telegraphy at the Scripopolis class. She had liked the work while she was learning but now found it irksome, especially when it extended, as it often did, far into the night. The remuneration was very small, and though hers was a more independent position 'than that of a governess, in which capacity she had formerly been employed, she was, as far as regarded money, not so well off as most servants. Then she told me the stereotyped 'truth that to get on in the public service of Berryland, where everything good was swallowed up by ' members'' relations,' one wanted a poli tical friend. I immediately promised to interview Sir Donald Jumbuck on her behalf, but - she told me that she owed her position to that gentleman, who had appointed her : through his knowledge of her Southland friends in former days. She seemed un- ; acquainted with Civil Service politics and the generally practised methods of getting an increase of pay. She was, in fact, charmingly ignorant of the science of log rolling as practised in the new America, and stood in no awe of the ' Minister,' whose father, she said, had been a green grocer, and a very bad greengrocer too, in her native place. Taking the girl altogether, there was something about her -which would have made things more pleasaut had I been able to reflect that each of my companions, j who all seemed delighted with her, had , been safely piloted by a clerical Charon across the connubial Styx. But no ; they were not married, and were in point of appearance considerably more manly than I. After all, even if matters had been different, what was there to make my heart flutter ? The fruit was tempting but forbidden according to my bachelor creed. Even if I conceived for a girl ?who encouraged me the highest affection of which I was capable, it seemed impossible that orange flowers would grow out of it, so that if I dabbled in such affairs I would be merely in the position of those people who have a mania for enquiring the price of articles which they cannot buy. Men who receive impressions of the kind readily are as a rule like india-rubber, which, plastic enough, rebounds speedily, and is after all intolerant of pressure. My heart was caoutchouc and I knew it. Your cast-iron heart is hard, but when struck lieavily it smashes and throws out no callous afterwards. There are, however, so few such hearts that it may well be said that it is as difficult to find a heart that will break as a glass that will not. And, to moralize a little further, the india-rubber heart is that of the fatalist, and half mankind are. I am sure, uncon sciously fatalists, who bow submissively to the great god Luck, and pay no homage to any other deity. Barney, for whom the telegraph office had — and I didn't wonder at it — a special attraction, 1 soon explained to me that the girl was u his fate,' and the ' only one he could love.' He believed, as-most lovers do, that he and she were uestiued for each other, and he accepted his lot as he would have accepted any other degree of his divinity even if it were the one great misfortune which in some shape comes to every man who lives long enough : — Life has neither a bane nor a bliss For one that is cheek by jowl with fate. 'Who has not, when struck down by 6ome terrible misfortune, charged his mal heureuse etoile with his woes ? I have watched the face of the convicted mur derer on hearing the stern voice of the man who was sending him to the doom to which his unhappy star had aJIured him, and have gazed on liis countenance the moment before he was overtaken by his earthly fate. What was passing in the mind of the pallid, shivering, ghost-like wretch — what meant that last strange supernatural stare into which the indices j of a million agonies were crowded ? Did he hear and find comfort in the frigid mummery of words uttered by the old gaol chaplain, who had read the same burial service on the same platform for more than a score of such living corpses ? What said that last long-drawn gaze, directed towards the nervous lookers-on at his misery? To me, and I know to others, nothing but ' Fate, Fate !' As I have read such men's faces there was in them nought but a confirmation of my experience that we look forward alike to hitherto untried pleasures and sorrows with a kind of trembling curiosity, and when they come have a dim, hazy, dreamy impression that we have been in them before. That is the feeling which sub tracts from all my joys aud at once recon ciles me to the direst malheur. ' Perhaps I had fallen in lore and was trying to comfort myself with bad philo sophy. But in any case the attack was soon over. The rest of the party were not very long in discovering that 'Miss Post * Office,' as one of my friends irreverently called her, was the object of Barney's affections, and that he assumed in regard to her quite a proprietorial air. In fact, it was obvious that the poor artful fellow in vjsiting Moonal was on a mission of love and business. The towns people also soon arrived at the conclusion that the ' pale young man' was the handsome postmistress' sweetheart, and, in addition to making the match, they named the day, appointed the parson, and carried out the prospective nuptial ar rangements in their minds' eyes with the greatest satisfaction to themselves, and' in a -way that would have done credit to any other Little Pedlington. At last, however, the day came for us to leave Moonal. Many and fervent adieux had, no doubt, passed between Barney and his intended wife, whose ap pearance, as she stood at the office door when the coach drove up, and waved a graceful good-bye, would have charmed an anchorite. But hers was, I could see, not a gay farewell. The memory of unmixed pleasure ia less enduring thau that of joy in wbich sorrow is commingled. There had never before appeared to me anything romantic in the love of another man unless that man were tbe hero of a novel - or the lover in a drama. Such things had presented themselvee -to me *' in their most grotesque aspect only — the rose-tinted spectacles bad always been needed to ini'use sentimentality into tbe amours of otber people. Yet the little niaseries in which the pair iudulgei had an attraction for me wbich bas not yet faded, and even now I look back at the week we spent in that dull town, and share tbe day dreams of tny friend, whose attachment; forms at once the most pleasurable and mournful of my experiences. .... On our return to Berrytown, Barney worked for a week or two and then burst a blood-vessel. He received constant at tention from some of the most eminent doctors in the city, but even if they had not said so it was quite evident he had no chance of living long. He rallied sufficiently to stagger out, with the as sistance of a friend, to a balcony which overlooked the gardens, and there, as we sat on Sunday mornings or for a few minutes each day during the week, arguing with him against our oonvictions, hoping against hope, or at other times trying to reconcile him to what we knev= was inevitable we saw him gradually weaken. Physically, he was soon al I most dead — be seemed only to live as j does the glare of a hundred gas-lamps in [ the even a£ hioi who suddenly emerges from a light-flooded room into the dark street.- The stimulant which- alone affected' him was- his daily letter from flattie, to whom he wrote in- return- each evening, mentioning, however, as^ I after wards found' not a word as to his ! rapidly sinking state,- but taking a- view ! ofliis Bituationr whichj to us who- were'] only too -well acquainted with- it,- was sb'j hopeful^sto beastqunding. The poor , girl, through? whose .frame we had-seeitj a tremor paes eaohtimehe coughed, had' j ? evidently feared the. worst when- she-: heard he had had a pelapse, but when- he again bfegan to write it was - plain- -she thought : be was- L recovering.' . ; Then «he sent 'a letter to' say that she had got 'Bome leave of absence and was after wards to be removed to a suburb of Barrytown,, and- at this Barney's joy was intense. ? , The flame, however, at last burned out, 'and 'the embers- were not long- expiring, y At two b'clock on JChristmas morning Barney di^ somewhat suddenly. . Other . people's holidays only brought teal to those wtri earned their living on news . paper?. Tthe sfcone pfSisyphus-had' to be ^ rolled up ' hill daily, ! and thus it hap pened, to pur great regret, that none of ; W were near when- his last hour came. Ha'ttie was believed, to- ta atthetirneon Her way fromMopnal,. but telegrams ' sent to.' the intermediate coach stages ' . failed to' elicit any reply. The coffin was ' foonght early next morning, and the funeral, - at whieheixof Barpey's friends who tad been up all night - were the only attendants, took place,. in accordance with his last request,- at sunrise on- the'follow id'g day,'- when he was- laid- beside- his people in th& city of the dead. ..{Ib.be contiwied.) 