ROCKHAMPTON. SATURDAY, JULY 13, 1878.. THE momentous importance of the step taken by Great Britain with regard to Asiatic Turkey and Cyprus, can scarcely be over-estimated, and it seems strange that such a step should be taken independently of the Congress which is now sitting at Berlin to endeavour to arrive at a peaceful settlement of the Eastern question. But it is well to bear in mind that the Congress is chiefly con- cerned in European Turkey, and except- ing Russia and Great Britain, the principal Powers represented there have comparatively little interest in that part of the Turkish Empire east of the Bos- phorus and the Archipelago. It is there- fore not improbable that Great Britain, whilst taking an equal share with the other Powers in the deliberations of the Congress as regards the disposal of Turkey in Europe, feels that to cope successfully with Russia on the Asiatic side, it is necessary to take inde- pendent and prompt action. Russia holds Batoum, Kars, and Ardahan ; and although she has yielded to the demands of the Congress in reference to Batoum, in consenting to make it a free port, the possession of this, together with the two other strongholds of Armenia, would give her an ascendancy in Asia cal- culated to prejudice Great Britain com- mercially, whilst striking a blow at British prestige with such effect as to necessitate the maintenance of a naval station in the Levant, and the adoption of other precautionary measures as a check upon Russian influence in the East. Prestige does much to enable Great Britain to maintain har ascendancy over the millions of India with an in- significant European military force, and that prestige must be maintained at all hazards if India is to continue a desirable and profitable dependency of the British Crown. Reasons such as these appear to have had weight with the Beacons- field Ministry, who have concluded a defensive alliance with Turkey which is to continue until Russia restores to that Power Batoum, Kars, and Ardahan. The withdrawal of the British squadron, under Admiral Hornby, from the Sea of Marmara, has hitherto been made conditional upon the Russian troops being withdrawn a certain dis- tance from Constantinople ; and Earl Beaconsfield, it is stated, even went so far as to make the participation of Great Britain in the deliberations of the Con- gress contingent upon Russia's with- drawal from the environs of that city. Whether this demand was unreservedly complied with or not, we have no definite information. Possibly it was not. However, it is now stated that the squadron will remain in its present position whilst Russia retains the strong- holds of Armenia. Taking this announcement in conjunction with the mere startling one that a treaty has been icluded with Turkey by which Great Britain assumes a protectorate over Asia Minor, and guarantees the integrity of the Sultan's Asiatic realm-excepting the the fortresses at present in Russian occupation,-and that Great Britain has actually undertaken the military occupa- tion of Cyprus and the administra- tion of the government of the island, it seems plausible that all this may have been done with the connivance, if not the approval of Germany, Austria, and France ; and this view finds support in the circumstance that the conclusion of the treaty between Great Britain and Turkey had been informally mentioned in the Congress as if it were a matter of subordinate interest in the settlement of the long-standing and perplexing Eastern question. It is well known thal Prince Bismarck, at the commencement of the war, urged Great Britain to occupy Egypt and assume a protectorate over that country with a view to ensure the free passage of her highway to India ; and we may therefore presume that, so far as the German Chancellor is the exponent of German policy on this question, there would be no very serious opposition by that Power to the assumption by Great Britain of a protectorate over Asia Minor, and the virtual annexation of Cyprus to the British Crown. With Germany satisfied, there is not much reason to fear any active opposition from Austria, or even from France, with whom Great Britain appears to have maintained, throughout the present crisis, the most cordial re- lations. A British protectorate in Asia Minor is a responsibility the full extent of which cannot easily, on first consideration, be fully appreciated and understood. Before the assembling of the Congress, such a step would have been regarded as tanta- mount to a declaration of war with Rus- sia; and when we call to mind the arrogant tone lately assumed by Russia, we may with some reason ask, will she now tamely submit to be dictated to by a Power that has taken no active part in the late bloody and ex- pensive war, and yet steps in at the settlement, and refuses to the victor the means of indemnification which seemed to be already assured ? For Russia to tamely acquiesce in the course taken by Great Britain would be extremely humi- liating to that Power; but from what has taken place, in the Congress, we are induced to believe that Russian diplo- macy has been completely over-awed by the attitude of the British Government, and that the Czar will accept the terms imposed upon him rather than enter upon a renewal of hostilities which might involve his Empire in financial ruin, and imperil even the dynasty itself. We should suppose that what Jittle might be left of the Treaty of San Stefano after the Congress has done with ¡ it will be of little value to Russia in the face of the more recent treaty which Turkey has entered into with Great .Britain. The latter, it must be under- stood, not only imposes a check upon Russian aggrandisement in Asia, but places Great Britain in command of the Eastern shores of the Dardanelles, the Bosphorus, and the Black Sea, and gives ? her an advantage which, in the event of hostilities with Russia, would place Great j Britain in a far better position than a few i weeks ago she could have hoped to oc- cupy without incurring a lavish expendí ture of blood and treasure. And it is not only on the Anatolian Peninsula that English influence is now paramount, but also in the islands of the Levant. A j suggestion was thrown out by Sir Henry Havelock, shortly before the recent in vasion of Turkey by_ the Russian Armies, Í that Great Britain might effectually check- mate Russia,1 even in the event of her ob- taining possession of Constantinople, by the simple expedient of purchasing from Turkey the island of Mitylene, and con- verting it into a second Malta, as by this course she would effectually command the entrance of the Dardanelles and secure the passage of the Suez Canal. Mitylene possesses two goodharbours, and is well adapted for a naval station. The protectorate over Asia Minor embraces this, with all the islands in the Levant ; and Cyprus, the principal island in those waters, is virtually to be- come a British dependency. Our tele- grams state that it will continue a part of Turkey, and any surplus revenue over the expenses of governing the island will be payable to the Sultan; but .the suzer- ainty under the conditions agreed upon will be merely nominal. Great Britain never seeks to extort a revenue by means of taxation from her dependen- cies for the enrichment of the home ex- chequer, and in administering the govern- ment it is considered sufficient to render a dependency self-supporting, so that no additional burden may fall upon the British taxpayer. The provision for handing over any surplus to the Sultan is therefore rather calculated to expite a smile, as the chance of a surplus arising is almost out of the question. It is far more likely that a considerable sum will have to be voted annually to defray the expenses of the government of the island. Cyprus possesses great natural re- sources both in fertility of soil and unde- veloped mineral wealth. The island is reputed to have once contained a million inhabitants, but, under Turkish misrule, it has continuously declined and dwindled down to about 100,000-certainly, it does not, at the present time, very much ex- ceed that number. But, under British Government, the peculation and venality of Turkish officials will be brought under restraint, and trade and commerce may be expected to revive and re- cover much of its ancient importance. Great Britain will not have complete control in the national affairs of Asia Minor, but she will be abie to insist upon and enforce reforms even there, and obtain an amelioration of the con- dition of the people. The natural capabilities of the Asian Peninsula are great, only awaiting a favourable oppor- tunity for their development, and that opportunity would now appear to be at hand. Tm: Rev. T. W. I'Krßon will preach at the North Rockhampton Church to-morrow after- noon at four o'clock, STATE O! the Hospital for the week ending Friday, 12th July, 1878 :-Admitted daring the week: Males,. IR; Females, 1. Dis- charged : Males, ll ; Females, 2. Remaining in the Hospital : Males, 55 ; Females, 8 ; total, 63\. Four patients in thc special ward. The Resident Burgeon has the pleasure to thank ' Mrs. Büschel for a parcel of linen-much needed-for the UBe of the patients in thc Hospital. THE R.M.S. Somerset, with the mails from England to May 24, via Brindisi, and the Nor- thern advices, left Bowen yesterday afternoon at three, and in due course should arrive at tho Keppel Bay anchorage to-night, about ten o'clock. The steam tender Bunyip will be despatched from thc wharf this afternoon at five, with the Southern mails and passengers for transhipment ta the Somerset, and is ex- pected to return about niuo to-morrow morn- ing, when a postal delivery will shortly after- wards take place. The Bunyip will leave at ten o'clock at night with the out-going English nud Northern mails, together with the pas- sengers to meet the E.M.S. Normanby and the usual wcely steamer in Keppel Bay, re- turning again on Monday morning. IT may he regarded aBsomewhat ambitious to bring forward Sliakespeare's plays in our little Theatre ; but so long as Miss Stephen- son's Company render the words of the great dramatist as "Hamlet" was produced last night, their efforts will be appreciated by the public. Mr. Bolton has a very fair concep- tion of thc Danish Prince, and considering the difficulty of the character he may be compli- mented on his performance. Miss Stephen- son, as Opludia, was at home in her part, as she always is, and obtained the hearty applause of the audience. Mr. Carey, as Pobmiu«, was decidedly good, and Miss Wallace performed the Queen with grace and dignity. Tho tone of Mr. Seagrave's voice, as thc Ghost, was certainly cavernous enough, and this gentleman performed the part well. Mr. Thorp and Mr. Vincent also creditably played their parts, and the minor characters were very fairly rendered. The effect of the piece was much heightened by the appropriate dresses ; no expense seems to hare been spared in tliiB particular. Altogether, the play was produced very creditably, and gave the audi- tors a very fair idea of Shakespeare's great tragedy. YEsrEBjJAV afternoon, at four o'clock the monthly meeting of the Committee of the Port Curtis and Leichhardt District Hospital was held in the Court-house. The members present were:-Messrs. W. Pattison, T. S. Hall, T. T. Faunce (Hon. Treasurer,) G. M. Leigh, S. G. Hill, J. Macfarlane, M.L.A., T. P. Pugh, S. G. Hill, H. Schmidt, W. Brown, and Dr. Campboll, Résident Surgeon and Secretary. In the absence of the President (Captain Hunter) Mr. W. Pattison was voted to the chair. The minutes of the previous monthly and special meeting were read and confirmed. A question having been asked by Mr. Schmidt as to whether the Committee would be bound to accept the Government plans for the contemplated addition, the Chairman replied that he did not think they would. He might state that In accordance with the resolution of the special meeting Captain Hunter hod written a .letter, which ha (Mr. Pattison) had seen, to tho Colonial Secretary, calling bis attention to thc fact that the plans for the addition were not in accordance with the wishes of the Committee, and stating that if thc Government did not think they would be able to carry out the work for the money, to givo the Committee the £2500 and they would do it. Tho accounts for the month, which amounted to £300 18s. 7d., were then con- sidered. The expenses for the month were larger than usual, owing to an item of £31 16s. 7d. for quilts, and another of £27 18s. 4d. for medical comforts. On the motion of Mr. Schmidt, seconded hy Mr. Brown, the accounts were passed and ordered to bo poid. The Treasureracknowledgedreceiptof £3114a. lld. from poor boxes, and of £115 17s. lld. from unclaimed poundages. He would call the attention of the Committee to the fact that the votes from the Government was greatly over due. Lists had boen sent in which would entitle them to receive £900, and £400, at least, was in arrear Bince November last. This was on the accounts up to the end of lost year, but up to the end of June a much greater sum would be due. After some con- versation, it was decided that Mr. Macfarlane receive particulars from the Treasurer and in- quire, on his return to Brisbane, the reason of the delay. Mr. Hill inquired if it waa not usual for the Visiting Committee to give in a report. Mr. Schmidt explained that, as one of that Committee, he had visited the Hos- pital, and as everything was going on satis- factorily, he had nothing to report upon. Mr. Brown, another member, would be very liappy to bring forward a report for the future. The Chairman said the next business was the consideration of the motion given notice of at last meeting, relative to the salary of thc Resident Surgeon. Dr. Campbell having retired, Mr. Hall mored that the salary of the Resident Surgeon be £500 per annum, to take effect from the 1st instant. The patienta had greatly increased, the duties of the Surgeon had correspondingly increased ; and, as the institution was so well managed, he thought thc Surgeon merited the increase proposed. The motion was seconded by Mr. Macfarlane. Mr. Faunce inquired if he was to uuderstaud that was to include the £50 allowed for dispensing. On the Chairman re- ferring to the minute book, aud finding that the £50 was specially provided for in addition to the Balary of £400 a year, Mr. Hall so amended his motion as to raise thc salary of the Resident Surgeon to £500 a year, exclusive of allowance for dispensing. The amended motion was seconded by Mr. Macfarlane, and passed unanimously. The Committee then adjourned. DASTAKDLV CONDUCT OF A Snip's CREW. The steamship Childwall Hall, of Liverpool, on the I2th April, was stranded at Sagres, near Cape St. Vincent. The captain's conduct and that of thc officers was a redeeming contrast to that of the cowardly and treacherous crew, who went oír in the best lifclioat, leaving ladies and children to their fate. This conduct is so utterly un- English (says a contemporary) that we trust sonic means may be lound of making the hacks of thc deserters, if they survived, acquainted with thc taste of thc cat. The doctor of the ship died a true martyr. Finding that he was one too many in thc boat which contained ladies, he voluntarily gave up his final chance of safety. When last seen on thc doomed ship he was looking sad, as well he might, for it is certain such a man knew iii at his death would carry sorrow to many hearts. The presence of mind and persevering courage displayed by the ladies whosurvived the repeated capsizings of their boat was remarkable. Cue rescued lier husband from drowning, and be it noted that Mrs. ^'Estranges owed the preservation of her life to bei' knowledge of swimming. Thc tale is a very Bad one, ord in some respects reflects disgrace on the name of British sailor, if the deserters were really DritonB. On the other, the conduct of the ladies, the unfortu- nate captain, and especially the self- sacrificing doctor, leaves us room to think well of human nature, and to be proud of our countrymen and countrywomen. As for the poor child of thirteen months old, evidently life bad been. frozen out of its little body before ¡te parents had to commence the long struggle to preserve their own existence m the fog-canopied waters. 