MELBOURNE. (FROM OUK OWN COHKKSrONDKNT.) Friilav. 2.5fch .Somo little amusement vr.ia caused in the " House " yesterday afternoon by a notice given by Mr: 13. G. Davie;;, to inquire as to wh.it position was now hcW in the public service by Mr. A.J. Skeeue, the gentleMan \rho, while till ing the situation of Surveyor-Genera! ft Victoria, aluo sits daily (Saturdays and Sundays excepted) from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., and sometimes even later as a Commissioner of Land Tax. Under these circumstances it is by no meaus a matter of surprise that people should feel curious as to how the oilicer in question, who thus lias "a double debt to pay " to the public, can po-i.-tibly perforin the one set of duties without neglecting the other. The answer to this query 1 believe to be this, — "By sheer hard work;" for, if I am correctly informed, Mr. Skeene, while regular in his attendance at the L md Tax Court during the prescribed hours, still contrives to keep abreast of his ordinary duties at the Lands Department by dint of sticking to his desk night after night, at hours long after the time when most of his coadjutors in the public service are peacefully enjoying their slumbers. The mad or mischievous individual who for some weeks past hai been enacting the part of a ghost in the neighborhood of this city, still con tinues to play his pranks in one or other of the suburbs almost nightly, and, although it is'said that several policemen have received special in structions -to watch for his ghostship aud to spam no i ltorts co arnac him if seen, he has hitherto continued to elude all pursuit. In the meantime a number of nervous women residing in Prahran and Richmond have been half frightened to deatii by the perpetrator of the freak, while a friend of mine l'esidiug in Richmond tells mo that his children are atraiU to venture out after dusk for fear of meeting the apparition. A few nights ago about loO persona assembled opposite an unfinished building in Vaueluse, where the ghoit. was reported to have been seen oil the previous evening, but the visit was not repeated. The ghost was last heard of at St. Kilda. in which placo it. is said to have been observed on Wednesday night. Tile latest rnmor ntlnat as to the matter is that the person playing this absurd and dangerous trick is doing so in pur suance of a bet that he will keep up the part of , a " ghost" for a period of six months without j being caught or having his identity discovered. A daring and most vexatious theft was perpe trated last night at the Gardens of the Acclima tisation Society in the .Royal Park. After the keepers had gone their rounds at nine o'clock iu the evening, and found everything right, an aviary containing between forty and tiftv choice singing birds, comprising canaries, goldfinches, linnets, etc., was broken into and almost cleared out, only two of the birds being found there wheu the attendant went to tile aviary at an early hour this morning. The police were at once communicated with, but so far 110 trace of the thief has been discovered. The gentleman who condescends to fill tho post of secretary to the Victoria Amateur lurf Club appears to entertain some Tery exceptional ideas with regard to the proper mode of treat ing the representatives of the press. Hitherto Mr. Fenner, that being the name of the official in question, has been iu the habit of furnishing tho correspondents of the country papers with tickets conferring the risht of using such miserable accommodation as is provided for the press at the Cauldfield Racecourse, but ou the present.occasion the tickets have been refused, .Mr. Fenner telling the correspondents who ap plied for them that the accommodation for the press being so inadequate, it had been decided not to issue any tickets to the countrv limuM-* aud adding the remark that he supposed the papers would not report the races unless it paid them to do so. It ii not so much what this gentleman says however, as the manner in which he says it, that often renders an inter view with lrm so peculiarly disagreeable. Early this morning there was a lire at Emerald Hill, which resulted in the destruc tion of the wooden portion of a building used as a furniture and grocery store. The shop was iupured for £450, and the furniture fur £100. It is stated that yesterday evening one of the partitions in the place was Kmnd to be on fire. The Land Tax Commissioners were occupied during the whole of to-day with the adjourned heariag of the appeal of Mr. S. G. Watson, whose estate of 9,597 acres, in the counties of Benambra and Delatite, was placed in the second- class by the Government valuators, Messrs. Harvey and Lay. The appellant was under examination nearly all day, and the case had not concluded when the court rose. So far as I have been able to learu, nothing has yet transpired tending to clear up the my stery surrounding the strange disappearance of Mrs. Favrell, whose unexplained absence from her home at Coliingwood, has created so much excitement in that suburb. As the detectives still think it quite possible that the missing woinau may be wandering about the country, they have had a large number of copies of her photograph struck off and forwarded to the various polieo stations throughout the colony, with a view of facilitating her identification. A child two years old wandered on to the rail way line at Richmond yesterday, aud had a very narrow escape of being killed by an au proaclnug train. The engine-driver could not stop his train in time to avert the tragedy that seemed imminent,- but fortunately the child stepped back when the train was almost on it, and fell down a' slight embankment, thereby saving its life. The magistrates on the City Bench this morn ing decided that the evidence brought forward against Wui. Woodcock, in support of the chaise of stealing his brother's property, was not suffi cient to warrant them in. either convicting the accused or sending him for trial, so he was dis charged. • \- An action brought by one Patrick Joseph M 'Aulifie: against Mr. Aaron Waimu, in the County Court to-day, to recover £250, being money overpaid by the plaintiff, resulted in a verdict for M'Auliffa for the full amount claimed. M'Auliffe had some borrowing trans actions with Waxtnan, extending over some years, and cam a ultimately in the conclusion that he had repaid" about £400 more than he should have done, but reduced the claim to £250 to bring it within the jurisdiction of the court. ' * 