[?] \- I ?.-?:: ?'?--'.* ?':A.'lSBm:-mtintir^::y: '-.-?' -^ Stall [?] fPabuahea by special ansngemfent wifli -flie AuHior ' ' ; ; ??-.-: AUngite reserved.] : * . Chapter XLVL— In the GfnmcBXAjnx, ;'My dear,' said Mrs. Dulcimer to Bear - trix quite suddenly one evening, when she - and Kenrick 'were sitting round the foe ' int the snug dining-rooifc a little while -|fo«w tea, 'Cyril must certainly assist at-0OTUr- marriage.' - '. . ; --'-';- ! Happily for Beatrix the lamp had nofc yet teen brought in. There was only ftt^5. changeful and xmcertain firelight whtt& ? 3ust at this moment left her face in shadow^^ft ' WeU, yes,? returned Kenrick. .«£./- think Cyril ought, to he invited. If fie4.r yere.not present it would look as if -there^ : 'was some quarrel between us, and we are ' Tery |good friends, lare '- we not, dear ?' he added, turning to his betrothed. ? « Yes,' faltered Beatrix. . . ' If he were not herepeople would talk,' pursued Mrs. Dulcimer. ' You see, Brid— ford is not more than thirty miles distant,, and, as Kenrick's first' cousin and Mr. Dul cimer's late curate, it would he only natural- - for him to assist at the ceremony.'- *' I will write and ask Mm to-morrow,' said Kenrick. : 'I ought to have thought of it before/' y ' He has been very ill,' suggested Bea trix. ' He may not be strong enough to- Y travel.' . J . 'Thirty miles only, my dear. A mere nothing,' said Mrs. Dulcimer. 'Besides,, he has quite recovered — or at any* rate h# has gone back to his duty. Clement told, me so a week ago.' ' Kenrick,' said Beatrix a little later,, when she and her. lover were walking to the Water House together through the= wintry night, 'is it really necessary for. your cousin to be at our wedding ?' ' His absence might cause a scandal,, dearest. Remember he is my nearest re lation, known to be quite near at hand and. closely associated with- this place. Do you not think that people would say unpleasant things if we left him out ?' ' Yes,' sighed Beatrix, 'people have a knack of imagining the worst.' ' I should be very sorry if any one were to say that Cyril was absent at my wed ding because he and my wife feared to- meet,' said Kenrick, with a sudden pang of jealousy. ' They shall have no reason for saying anything of the kind,' Beatrix, answered proudly. ' Pray invite your cousin.' ' Now you are angry.' . ' Not with you,' she answered . quickly 'I am angry with the world, life, fate.' ' What, Beatrix, now, when you have made me so happy, when all our life is smiling before us — every cloud gone ?' Beatrix's only answer was a sigh. But Kenrick was rapt in the placid delight of his good fortune. He loved his betrothed, too well to believe it possible that she didi not love him. They had lived so happily,, as it seemed to him, for nearly four months,, , » in each other's society. Tfiey had never ^ had a dispute — or even a difference of opinion. Could lie doubt that she had grown -a fonder of him day by day in all that time ? Her irritation to-night was natural, he - argued. It arose from her scorn of the scandals that had darkened her young life It was hard for her to forget these things* Kenrick wrote next day to his cousin. 'Dear Cybjl, ' The Dulcimers say you ought to assist at my wedding, and I think the same Will you come? u Yours always, ^ '-Ktcnbjck:' ^ The answer was very little longer. 'Deab, Kenbick, u I agree with you and the Dulcimers I will come to assist in the ceremony, and wish you and your bride all blessings that this life and the brighter life after can yield. : ' My time is closely occupied here, so my visit must be of the shortest. I will come on Tuesday afternoon, and must return oik Wednesday directly after the wedding. ' Yours in all affection and good faith, 'Cybh,.' This letter made Kenrick happy. It dispelled the one uneasiness of his mind,, the lurking notion that he had helped to spoil his cousin's peace. Cyril was evi dently reconciled to the existing state of things. After all it was his own doing, Kenrick thought. He had no right to com« plain. Kenrick showed the letter to Beatrix,- . who read it slowly and thoughtfully ancL returned it to him without a word. ' A gentlemanlike letter, isn't it ?' askedi Kenrick. ' Very,' she answered. X Did it please her that her former lover should write in so friendly a tone — that he^ should be willing to assist in the solemn act that was to make their severance irre vocable ? No. His willingness stung her to the quick. ' He never loved me,' she thought. 'It was Bella's pretty face that he really cared^ for* But he thought my fortune would - help him in doing good, and he was willing; to sacrifice his inclinations in order to be= useful -to others.' He liked me just well enough, perhaps, to be reconciled to the idea of marrying me, and making use of my fortune. And then, when the slander arose, he drew back. Honor forbade him marrying a woman the world suspected of a hideous crime, and whom he did not love.' Bitter thoughts for the bride of to morrow. Tuesday morning had come. Mr. Scratchell had called at the Water House to tell Miss Harefield everything was done according to her wish. The equitable charge on Kenrick's estate had been paid off. Culverhouse Castle was as free as it y had been in the reign of its wealthiest possessor. ** I am very gladit is done,' said Beatrix, . and it was the first gladness she had shown for some days. : Madame Leonard wanted her to be interested in her trousseau, which was- j being packed by that clever littie French- - woman and. the honest unhandy English maid. Everything had been left to Madame Leonard^ '-''-' * ' 140 *4\\- Beatrix had taken jab trouble about1 this ' '^inass of' new clothes which; people ha^de \- blared she must have, as iif ' to mark jdis ? iinctly that to get married is to turn #vei . L -a new leaf In the volume M ;life. v ; t ; ; \ 'It is all well to let me do in these , -things, to choose' ze colors, and to devise ze ? ' modes, but it must that you interest your \- self a little now that it is all achieved, or I shall think you are not content.' 'Dear Madame Leonard, I am more than content. But I am not very fond of . ? 'fine clothes. They do not fill my mind with \- pleasure as they seem to do with some people.' *' Ah, my dear,' cried the Frenchwoman, *' it is all very well to be high and mighty —but I can tell you there are times in a woman's life when if she did not think ^about her dress she would have nothing to think of . And it is better to think of a new gown than a new lover. That amuses. And after all it is innocent. To talk of dress does no one any harm. It is not like scandal.' ' Dear Madame Leonard, you are wiser 'than I. But never mind the trousseau just now. Please pack my plainest dresses :and,wraps in one trunk. I am not going to travel with all those huge boxes, am I?' '[N o, the biggest of those are to be sent straight to India. And the smaller are to meet you at Brindisi.' Sir Kenrick and his bride were to spend their honeymoon in Paris and in Italy, tra- , Telling by easy stages to Brindisi, whence they were to start for India early in April, a fact which Mrs. Dulcimer bitterly be wailed. 'I thought Kenrick would sell out,' she said, 'and that you would divide your 'lives between Culverhouse Castle and the Water House.' 'That would have, been to spoil Ken mck's career just as it promises distinc ? rtion,' answered Beatrix. 'I should re 'gardrthat as a kind of assassination.' r. Upon this last day of her maiden life ^ Beatrix was strangely absent and troubled tLu * manner. She shrank even from Madame Leonard's gentle sympathy, and -while the anxious little woman was busy TOth the trunks and packing-cases, the owner of all that finery paced the garden walk by the dull gray river, reckless of ^fche biting east wind, wrapped in gloomy thoughts. The swollen waters were rush ing under the old stone arch, the moor was darkly purple against a sunless sky. All nature seemed in harmony with the mind of to-morrow's bride. The packing business kept Madame Leonard and Mary closely occupied all day, so Beatrix was undisturbed. Sir Kenrick Bad gone to Great Yaflford ixi get the odds and ends wanted to complete his outfit. Mrs. Dulcimer was engaged with her dress for the wedding, which was being made at home, a process which necessitated fre quent discussions and consultations with Rebecca and the dressmaker, and which, -undertaken from motives of economy, was likely to result in an expensive failure. Cyril was not expected till the evening. ELe was to arrive in time for the Vicarage i^a, and was to occupy Mrs. Dulcimer's second-best spare bedroom. Beatrix had promised to call at the Vicarage some time in the afternoon. It -was a visit she would gladly have avoided in her present frame of mind, but she thought if she did not go Mrs. Dulcimer ?would be likely to come to the Water House in quest of her, and that might f' rove a heavier infliction. So she put oh er bonnet directly after luncheon and ^walked across the windy bridge and up the tnndy street to the Vicarage. It was be tween two and three o'clock, a very safe *1iout at which to pay her visit, since Cyril was not expected until half-past seven. She had heard his letter to Mrs. Dulcimer in which he named the train that was to bring him. Mrs. Dulcimer was in her bedroom with Kebecca and the dressmaker. Beatrix -went up, at the housemaid's request, and found these three stitching and talking as fast as tongues and needles could be driven. TJie.dress had been three days in hand, but just) at the last it was found necessary to put on an extra pressure to get it finished. Mis. Dulcimer was sewing the braid on the skirt. Kebecca was pushing strips of whalebone into the body, the dressmaker was cording a flounce. The room was Strewn -with, snippings of silk, satin, earsanet, and lining, as thick as leaves in Vallombrosa. Mrs. Dulcimer looked the Image of anxiety. If she had been a beauty of seventeen preparing for her first ball, or a young actress about to make her debut in London, she could not have been more deeply concerned. 'Oh, Beatrix, I am so glad 'you have come,' she exclaimed, without stopping her needle. 4t Hong to know if you ufce it.' It was the dress, now in scattered por tions. Beatrix looked puzzled. 'My: love, how absent-minded you are,' aaid Mrs. Dulcimer. ' Of course you can't judge of the general appearance till the 'flounces are on and it all comes together, fiut you can tell me what you think of the TColor and the style of trimming.' i 'Oh, you mean the dress,' answered Beatrix, with cruel indifference. 'I think -that silver gray is a pretty color.' J . ' If s the new shade,' said Mrs. Dulci mer. ' You are sure it's the new shade, Are you not, Miss Killick?' she asked, ?-turning to the dressmaker. ' Yes, ma'am, if s quite the new shade,' ? Answered Miss Killick, solemnly. Beatrix seated herself by the fire and jdly watched the blaze, while Mrs. Dulci \- mer went on working. There was not much sustained conversation. Everybody except Beatrix was thinking of the dress. THiss Killick and Rebecca had their mouths full of pins, and dropped a few whenever they spoke, like the girl in the fairy tale. After half-an-hour or so, Beatrix rose to ;go, but Mrs. Dulcimer protested she must stop till the dress was tried on. ' It will be ready in a quarter of anyhow, 'won't it, Miss Killick ?' she enquired. They were all sitting close together now, Bebecca sewing the body to the skirt, the dressmaker sewing on the final flounce. 'I don't suppose we shall be much . longer, ma'm' said Miss Killick. ' And at four we are going to have a re freshing cup of tea,' said the Vicar's wife, ~*f so you really must stop, Beatrix.' Beatrix could not refuse so small a favor, ao she went on staring at the fire while ;the three workers hastened the finish of , their task, with their heads close together, HSke the three fatal sisters intent upon the 'web of some particular destiny which Jove ?Lad ordered them to hurry to ite conclusion, '' ' There/' said the three simultaneously, 'ifsdobe.' ; Five minutes later Mrs. Dulcimer was standing ;before her coeval glass, buttoned finfcrher new gown, and, trying to make it look as if it belonged to her, every fold j having the stiffness, strangeness, and awk wardness which are characteristic of a new garment. Beatrix had to assist at the discussion as to whether the sleeve should not be shor tened a quarter-of-an-inch, or the shoulder . seam taken up a little, or the waist tight ened, or the skirt lengthened. When she found herself free to depart the church clock was r striking the quarter after four. The eky, which had brightened a little in the afternoon, was yellow in the west where the sun would soon go down behind yonder black ridge of moor. The wind had dropped, and there was a mildness in the air, like spring. There was a.circuiteus way: to the Water House through meadows that lay behind the churchyard. It was a solitary walk that Beatrix liked at all times, and which particularly suited her humor just now. She .went in at the wicket gate in the angle of the churchyard, and followed the narrow path between the crowded headstones and common-place memorials of harmless un eventful lives. The pathway took her by the side of the fine old parish church, close by the vestry, which was curiously squeezed' in at an angle between transept and chancel, under the diainond-paned casement, beside which the white surplices were hanging, past the sunken door. Just as she came to the door it opened, and a man came out. She gave a little cry, and the whole scene seemed to rosk before her eyes — the old grey wall, the crumbling tablets, the leafless elm branches, the tall black poplars, that rose like watch-towers between her and the sky. For a moment all were in tumultuous motion, as if a whirlwind had risen. Then, with a great effort, she clasped the railings of a tomb close by, and commanded brain and body to be still'. A hand was held out to her — and rske took it with a mechanical air. Her lips moved slowly — 'Cyril!' Only his name, and the ice was broken. The next instant she had burst into pas sionate tears, and was hiding her face against the rusty insensible railings, any where, only to be out of his sight. Her whole frame was shaken by those sobs. He could not but perceive — he could not even pretend not to perceive her dis tress. 'Forgive me,' he said gently. « I am more than sorry that I came, if my pre sence grieves you. I ought not to nave come — but' — he faltered a little here — 'respect for vou, regard for my cousin, made it impossible for me to refuse.' 'Respect for me,' she exclaimed bit terly, lifting up her head, and* choking down her sobs with a desperate effort, just as she had held herself back from uncon sciousness a few moments before. ' Respect for me — for a woman whom you could be lieve a poisoner.' 'Beatrix, I never believed ? ' he began. ' You did not believe me innocent or you would not have forsaken me,' she said, confronting him with, eyes that kindled as she spoke. He could not gainsay her. She had spoken truth. No, not if all the world had been against her, not at the scaffold's foot, could he have abandoned her, could he honestly have believed her guiltless. But now that he stood face to face with her, now that lie saw that noble counten ance, the splendid indignation of those eyes, he was as convinced of her innocence as if he had never doubted her. His past doubts seemed madness — or worse than madness, diabolical possession. ' If I had spoken with you after your father's death,' he said, ' U we had met face to face as we meet now, I should never have gone away. I would have borne the hardest things men could say of me — that I had married you for the sake of your fortune — that I had been unscrupu lous because you were rich. I would have laughed such poisoned arrows to scorn for your dear sake.' ' You left me,' she said, growing colder as he grew warm, gaining strength and firmness as he showed himself more weak. ' You left me ; that is all. Perhaps you really never cared for me. Indeed I have some reason to know there was some one else you secretly preferred.' ' That is wholly false,' cried Cyril. 'I never loved but one woman, and vou are she.' 'What does it matteT? Why try to explain the past ? It is all over and done with. To-morrow will make me your cousin's wife. And you are come to assist at my wedding. But how is it you are here so early ? You are not expected at the Vicarage till half-past seven.' ' I came by an earlier train than I in tended, and having time to spare I went in to look at the old church,' he answered hurriedly. 'And to pray for strength to bear to morrow's agony,' he might have added, for he had been on his knees before the altar at which he had so often officiated, pray ing that his burden might be lightened for him. There was a silence. Beatrix stood still with her back to the railings that guarded the once splendid tomb of a knight banneret of Elizabeth's reign. She had just strength to stand calmly there, steadily confronting her old lover, but she had no power to drag her limbs away from the spot. She knew that if she tried to move she must fall like a log at his feet ; so she stood there, cold and white as the marble the tomb was made of. ' Beatrix,' cried Cyril, losing all mastery of himself in the bewilderment of being alone with her, close to her, as far from the outside world in that quiet corner of the churchyard as if they two had been lost upon the wildest bit of moorland in the country. ' Beatrix, why are you going to marry Kenrick ? Why have you been in such haste to prove how utterly you had forgotten me. 'Are you not glad my 'wounds have healed so quickly ? You have nothing^ to reproach yourself with on my account. Not even a broken heart.' 'And you love Kenrick?' he asked won deringly. ' He has never suspected me of a hideous crime. When every one spoke against me he was stanch and true. I am very grate ful to him.' ft Gratitude is not love.' ,. 'Perhaps not^but affection and gratitude are ne^aian, and l&nrok; is satisfied with . ' affection.' .- ;_'V:;-T =?/? '^ '?-.'--? ..-? :..'?-. , .- ? 'I- would not be:. jf J were he/' -cried ' Cyril, beside himself with anger and jea lousy. 'I would have nothing less than your love, your whole-hearted passionate love, What, be content to dwell beside the narrow sluggish river, and never sicken for the wide wild sea?. I would not be your husband on such terms. I despise my cousin that he can marry you, knowing, as he must know, that you do not love him.' 'You have no right to say that. Do you think yourself so muck better than he that no woman, having once loved vou, can love him?' ' . ', I know that no true woman ever loved truly twice. There is .no such thing as second love worth having. It is the mere ghost of feeling, like a toso cut at mid summer to be shut up in a box and brought out at Christmas, revived by sulphur fumes —a poor phantom flower, with no more bloom or freshness than if it was made of paper. Just so much for second love.' If she could have stirred she would have left him, but she had still an acute sense of her helplessness. She must stay and listen, let him say what he would. What was this conflict of feeling in her breast ? Pas sionate love, passionate anger, scorn that made it sweet to wound him, fondness that made her long to fling herself upon his heart and cry 'Oh, give me shelter, give me rest. Let all the world go by. You and I can be all the world to each other.' The yellow wintry light faded in the west, the sky grew dull and bleak, the headstones had a grayer look. 'Why do you concern yourself about me ?' she asked bitterly. ' You have come to assist at my wedding in order that the conventionalities may not be outraged. That is all very right. My name has been bandied about on people's lips quite enough already. It is just as well to avoid the scandal of your absence. But that ends all between us. We need never see each other's faces after to-morrow. Why should we say hard things, or talk about tne past? Had you not better go to the Vicarage, and let me go quietly home ?' She was much the calmer of the two, despite that inward struggle between love and resentment. He was mad with the pent-up feeling of all those long dreary days and nights in which he had fought with his passion, believing he had beaten it, only to iind it now starting 'up in his soul, inde structable asthe deathless Egyptian Typhon, that monstrous type of evil power. ' Let you go ! No,' he cried, with his strong1 grasp upon her wrist. He who had been weak as a child a few short weeks ago was strong now with all the strength of a desperate tempered soul. ' No, I have got you and I will not let you go. Oh, my love, my love ! my lost and only love, I will not let you go till I have told you some thing of the truth.' His arms were round her now, her head drawn close to his breast, his eyes lookins: down into hers with fond, despairing love, bis words hurrying thick and fast from lips that trembled as they spoke. ' Yes, you shall hear me. you shall know the truth — all the mad foolish truth. When your father died, and people began to whisper, and to shrug their shoulders, and insinuate vile slanders against you, the devil got into my mind, as into the minds of those village gossips, and a horrible fear took hold of me. I thought it was just possible — just within the compass of human error — that maddened by your father's tyranny and injustice, you had blackened your soul with murder — your fair young soul which till that hour I had deemed stainless. I saw you at the inquest, and I thought, Gold help me ! that I could read guilt in your face and manner. I struggled against the conviction— I tried to believe you innocent and all the world mistaken— but the more I fought against it the stronger that conviction grew. In my darkest hours I believed you guilty — at my best moments I was doubtful. So I swore I would pluck your image, out of my heart. How could I cherish you, sin incarnate, and be faithful to my God ? What was my individual hap piness upon this little spot of earth when weighed against duty and honor? And so I left you, love — went away to forget you — worked as few men have worked — strove as few have striven — prayed with out ceasing— and remembered you all the more vividly for the distance that severed us, and loved you all the more dearly be cause I had lost you. And now,' he cried, straining her against his heart in one despe rate embrace, pressing his lips to hers in one impassioned kiss, ' now, marry Kenrick Culverhouse, if you dare, and let the memory of me be your curse as it is mine to remember you.\ After that kiss he loosed his hold and let her go. She tottered a few paces from the railing that had supported her, and then her feet seemed to get entangled in the long grass of a neglected grave, and she fell headlong at the foot of a gloomy old yew which stretched its long branches across her as she lay, like the scraggy arms of weird women — pointing to a foredoomed victim of Fate. Cyril ran back to the vestry to get some water, and there happily encountered Mrs. Pomf ret, the pew-opener, who had come to dust and garnish the church for to-morrows ceremony. ' Miss Harefield has fainted,' he cried. ' Bring some water, and see what you can do for heT, while I go and get a fly.' He went into the street intending to order a carriage at the inn, but luckily found the flyman who had brought him from Great 'Yafford, refreshing his horse with a nose-bag and himself with a pint of ale before a small beerahop over against the churchyard. He told this man to bring his fly close up to the gate for a lady. . ' I must get back to the town directly,' said the man. ' I only want you to drive half-a-mile or so, and I'll give you a crown for the job.' ' Very well, sir, Fll do it.' Cyril went back to the spot where he had left Beatrix. She was seated upon a low stone tomb, supported by Mrs. Pomf ret, and looking dazed and white. ' I have got a fly to drive her home,' he said to the pew- opener, ' Bring her as soon as you can. It is getting cold here.' The wind had risen. The tall poplars were swaying against the chill evening sky, the old yew was groaning drearily, like a giant in pain. Cyril waited silently, and as silently ac companied Beatrix when she was able to move slowly towards the gate, leaning on Mrs, Pomf ret as she went, H^ handed he* into #ie Aj-^t&Mts.; P^mfret, who was' io\see Jier safe at home, directed and paid the driver, and wkifed barVhe^edtiirtUe fly was out of sight. ?/ 4 wild white face, looked, 'out at him from ,tlie carriage r .Window.,.,- .[,- ' ?,-.:,.?: J,lW '??'. ' / Chapter XLVEL^-Kensick's Wedding ? : ?; -? .-..-Day.'- ? . V- * ? i - The evening after that meeting in the churchyard was a melancholy one for Ken rick. He had counted upon spending it with Beatrix. The settlements were to have been signed at the Waterhouse at 9 o'clock, the Vicar, Mr. Scratchell, and Sir Kenrick meeting there for that purpose. When 9 o'clock came Sir Kenrick and the two trustees were assembled in Miss Hare^ field's drawing-room, Mr. Scratchell's clerk was in attendance with the documents, and ready to sign as witness whenever required ; but ^Miss Harefield herself was not forth coming. They waited some time, Sir Ken rick full of uneasiness,. and then Madame Leonard came to them, looking pale and worried. - . , 'I am sorry to have bad news for you, Sir Kenrick,' she said in her pretty French, ' but Miss Harefield is much too ill to sign any papers or to see any one to-night. Is it absolutely necessarv these papers should be signed ?' 'They must be signed before she is married,'] said Mr. Scratched 'but it can be done in the vestry, five minutes before the wedding, if she likes.' 'But what is the matter?' asked Sir Kenrick. 'She was very well — or she seemed very well — when I was with her yesterday.' ' She is far from well to-night. She is nervous and low spirited. It would be cruelty to insist upon her coming down stairs to' receive you.' ' I am not going to be cruel,' said Ken rick, moodily. ' Perhaps it is cruel of me to ask her to marry me to- morrow. Her low spirits to-night seem to indicate that the prospect is repugnant to her.' ' Don't be savage, Kenrick,' said the Vicar, 'a young lady's nerves are a delicate piece of mechanism, and a trifle will put them out of order. The settlements had better stand over till to-morrow morning. We can all meet here at ten.' ' But I want to know why she is ill — or out of spirits,' urged Kenrick. ' Has Mr. Namby seen her ?' lie asked abruptly of Madame Leonard. 'No. She is hardly so ill as to need medical advice. She wants repose, to be left to herself for a little while — not to be worried about business matters. Sue wished to have no marriage settlement. The whole thing is an annoyance to her. ' She wished to play the fool,' muttered Mr. Scratchell, ' but I wasn't going to let her make ducts and drakes of the whole of her property.' They all went away after a little more talk, Kenrick in a bad temper. This was like his welcome at Southampton, when, with a heart burning with eager love, he bad found only coldness and restraint in his betrothed. She bad been kinder and had even seemed happy in his soeiety of late ; but there had been moments of cold ness, days on which, she had been absent minded and fitful. ' I am a fool to love her as I do,' he thought, as he walked silently back to the Vicarage, while Mr. Dulcimer chewed the cud of his afternoon readings, and debated within himself the insolvable enigma of Ovid's exile — a favorite subject of medita tion with him, as being a keynote to the domestic history of Augustus. ' I am a fool to make myself miserable about her,' mused Kenrick. ' Why canuot I think of my marriage as a mere matter of convenience — the salvation of a fine old estate — as other people do ?' The tea party Jat the Vicarage had not been lively. Cyril looked ill, and had little to say for himself. ' You are overworked at Bridford,' said the Vicar decisively. ' The place is killing you. I must have you back here, Cyril. There is quite work enough to be done, and you may indulge in your new- fangled ways as much as you like, for I know you are too sensible to consider outward frip peries an essential part of an earnest ser vice. You shall do what you like with the choir, and have as many services at un earthly hours of the morning as you please. But y«u shall not kill yourself in that pol luted town.' 'I am more useful tliere than I could ever be here,' urged Cyril. ' But you will be no use anywhere when you are dead. A living dog, you know, is of more value in the world than a dead lion. If you go on doing the lion's work yonder you will soon be in the condition of the dead lion, and of less use than the most in significant live dog. They would stuff you and put you in a glass case, no doubt — or rather they would subscribe for a hand some tablet in the parish church, setting out your virtues — but the tablet would be useful to no one.' ' Your argument is forcible,' said Cyril. ' If I find myself really breaking down at Bridford I win ask you to let me comeback to my work here.' ' Be sure you do.' The cousins were not alone together durirg any part of the evening. It was between ten and eleven o'clock when the Viear and Kenrick returned from the Water House, and they found Mrs. Dulcimer alone in the library. ' Poor Cyril was tired after his journey,' she said, ?' and I persuaded him to go to bed half-an-hour ago. - Oh, Clement, I never saw such a change in any young man ! I'm afraid he's going into a deciine.' 'Fiddlesticks!' exclaimed the Vicar; ' there's nothing consumptive about the Cuiverhouses. Cyril has the shoulders of an athlete and the constitution of a Spartan reared at the public tables on the leavings of the old men. But if he goes on working night and day in that sink of sanitary iniquity, Bridford, he will get himself into such a feeble state that his next attack of fever will be fatal.' 'I am sure I had no idea he was so seriously ill last September or I should have gone to Bridford to see him,' said Mrs. Dulcimer ; ' but he tells me he had excellent nurses, two French women, sisters of some charitable order. You needn't be frightened, Clement. They were not nuns ; ana they made no attempt to convert him.' ' I would not despise them if they had made the attempt,' answered the Vicar. ' Every man has a right to offer his idea of salvation to his brother. The feeling is right, though the theology may be wrong.' Kenrick was up soon after seven o'clock pe$t morning, a wintry gray moraing, with' \- ? - ? -)— ? ^— ? ml » ray pf^sti^hiiiB.to^pldchiahapes. fle- mm ^wasrly dressed, when he was startled t by the : sharp. [voice ti ^^ Rebecca. *:; 45? ;j.:ri: Ji s \- ? A. letter, sir/brought by hamf from the Water House. Tveput it junderrtbejdoori' ; Kenrick seized the letter with a. vague : foreboding of evil. It wa* in Beatrix Hare field^ hand. :i ,_ -,? ,;??;, ? \ ?'Forgiire me, Kenrick, forgive, me if ^oji ? can, for .what lam going to da. Oh, 'for- give flie, . my ?? poor friend, pray forgive mb for having played fast and loose -with you. I am going away to some : corner of th^ world, where -neither- you nor soy one I have «ver;known can follow me, or hear of me. I am fleeing from a marriage which could only result in misery to both you and me. You love me too- well, you are too generousrminded: -to be satisfied with less than my tafue love ; and that I cannot give you. I have , prayed God to turn jnyheart towards, yoiij to Jet me love you — but/ I cannot. There is always another whose image comes between me and my thoughts of you. I have tried to forget him-^tp thrust him out of my heart. 1. 1 have tried to be angry with him for his doubt of me* but once having given him my heart I could not take it back again. . . ; ] ' For the last few days my mind has been full of hesitation and perplexity. I knew that if I married you I should' be doing a wicked thing — I should stand before God's altar with a lie upon my lips. I knew that if I broke my . promise I should give you' pain. I have argued the question with myself a hundred times, but could come to' no fixed conclusion. I have been swayedi to and fro Kke a reed in the wind. I wanted to do right, to act generously and justly to you who have been so full of; trustfulness and generosity for me. This afternoon I saw your cousin. The meeting was neither his seeking nor mine, Kenrick. Be sure of that. An. accident brought us face to face in the churchyard. Oh, then I knew in a moment that. I must not marry i, you — that it would be better to break a' hundred promises than to be your wife. Before he had spoken a word, while he' stood looking at me in silence, I knew that I had never ceased to love him, that, let him scorn me as he might, I must go on' loving him to the end. : ' So there was no alternative but this, which I am taking, and this letter is my last farewell to you and all who have ever known me in England. 'Your estate is free from the mortgage' that encumbered it. In the beginning of my trouble of mind — when I found myself hesitating as to what course I ought to take, I resolved that the home you love should be set free. It is done. I beg you to take this as a gift from one who has learned to love you very truly as a friend and brother, but who could never have loved you with the love you would have claimed from a wife. ?' Yours affectionately and' regretfully, ? 'Beatrix, Habbfibld. ' The Water House, Tuesday, eleven o'clock.' 'This is Cyril's doing,' cried Kenrick, beside himself with rage. 'They have plotted this between them. And she throws her money in my face. She thinks that I am so tame a hound as to take the wealth, for which the world would say I chose her, and let her go — the money without the wife. They have planned it between them. It is like Cyril. 'Kenrick' only cares about Culverhouse Castle,' he told her. ' Set the estate free, and he will forgive you all the rest.' But I will not forgive either of them. I will follow both with my undying hatred. I will fling back her pitiful gift into her false cruel face. She let me think I had won her love — while she meant to buy my forgiveness with her money. And then he flung himself face down ward on the floor and gave vent to his passion in angry tears7 He had been happier lying on the blood-soaked ground under the walls of Pegu, with the brown Burmese soldiers trampling upon him, and the very acute consciousness of a bullet in his shoulder. Never had he been so wretched as at this moment, never so angry with fate or his fellow-men. He had to conquer his passion presently, and go calmly down stairs to tell Mr. and Mrs. Dulcimer that there was to be no wedding. (To be continued.) , -cause '^ iave ifcen a foot; that I am mad ? I v. l:^hallnot pay a farthing, and if you do I ,-. iactl deliver sup any -watch and ' purse the J \- lamoment I get out I will ? inform Hie t gtolice.' -''.'?. -/ ? ' :'.!.'.. ?? : ??-,- - t .='.: Jem Congo langhed long and heartily, ' J* Ay, it sounds . all/very iine, don't it r* lie said, at last; *' but you ain't out yet.' ; ' What?' and the Englishmaiipaled to the lips at the thought; '-would you dare to kidnap and detain a man against his will? - Do you * know /the risk you run ? — the ' danger you will he in the moment X am ' free?' . : -?.*' If we think there is any danger or nsk either, we won't let you out at all,' was the celd-blooded areply, spoken with a look of indifference that froze the other's blood. 'However, I hope we'll arrange it all \- comfortable and quiet without that. You can't deny, what you owe anyhow, so you'd better send over for the money, and take your leave without any fuss.' 'Hat is impossible, for I have not a sovereign left — I am quite cleaned out,' truthfully, answered the prisoner, who, seeing the desperate nature of the case, was really willing to submit to an extor tion lather than have bis name appear in a police court business. 'Can you mot be content to retain my watch in pledge till X get the money?' ? Congo whistled derisively. 'We've got that already, and you too — , there's a pair of you in pledge, you see,' be said, with a cunning leer. 'But where have you to send to for the money ?' 'To my brother in Manchester.' 4-Ah, that's awkward — to send so far means delay— delay means, danger to us — great danger, for even the hotel people may miss you, and make enquiries — and danger1 must be paid for smartly. Til have to -con-' . suit some one before I go any further,' and to the horror and fear of the prisoner, he again backed towards the chimney which bad given him an entrance. - ' For heaven's sake, don't go and leave me!' imploringly burst in Mr. Bennett, who dreaded the solitude of the damp hole more than the loss of a few pounds. ' Call for your principal, and I will agree to any thing, but don't leave me !' ' Call for him ! I'd need a strong pipe,' grinned Congo, in a way that made his cap tive curse every one of the white teeth that gleamed out from the dark lips. ' He ain't here, nor near it.' ' 'Where is he, then ?' ' Laid up in lavender.' ' And where is that, pray ?' ' In the clouds — stowed away — hidden.' ' Oh, I understand — wanted by the po lice, perhaps — well, I hope they may get him,' hotly returned the prisoner. 'Don't wish that, for if he and I were taken it would be as good as signing your death-warrant. Not another soul knows you are here. You see the place above is empty — been so for a good while, owing to a -udden fright the respectable tenants got from the spots and. a man called Mclndoe.' ' And am I to starve here till you make your arrangements?' 'Not at all — you'll get whatever you like to ask for — the best of everything,' quickly returned the thief. ' Order what you please, for it'll all be charged in the bill. I'm afraid you'll find our hotel rather an expensive one before you've done with it,' and again the regular white teeth gleamed malignantly in his face. To this Mr. Bennett deigned no reply. Coolly seating himself on the rude bed which be had occupied, he curtly gave orders for food and drinkj and then turned ' ?away to brood over the best means of escape. As soon as his jailer had disap peared up the chimney by the aid of the . rope which had helped his descent, he! turned his attention to his surroundings.' By watching the ascent of Congo he got a dim idea that the feat could be accom- - plisbed even without the rope; but his1 heart died within him as he saw the thief \ get out into the light above and im mediately drop an enormous flagstone with a cold dull thud on the hole. The heavy seund, and the clanking of some ' iron fastenings above, effec tually shut off all hope of escape in that direction, even if the dangerous climb could have been accomplished unaided and in safety; and, after sounding the cellar door with his foot, Mr. Bennett became convinced that the passage to the door — if one had existed — had long since been either built over or filled in with earth. *If it was to be a desperate struggle for life I might get out,' he soliloquised, as he gave over his investigations and sat down. '.' But, as it is, I may as well pav down and get off easy, When onee I am out what is to binder me from turning on them — in- forming the police, and having, a fight for the money they have robbed me of ?' In about half-an-hour there was a shout above, and, looking up the chimney, he saw Congo lowering a basket containing food and drink by means of the rope. This the prisoner himself unhooked ; the rope was ? drawn up again, and with an injunction to him to keep himself easy for an hour or so, the thief disappeared, and dropped the heavy flagstone as before. In two hours Congoreturned, descended the chimney, and stood before his prisoner. From his poctets he took a bottle of ink, a pen, and some writing materials, and then from his breast produced a small note, carefully con cocted out of printed words and letters cut from a newspaper and pasted in order in a sheet of notepaper. *? You're to copy that and send it to your brother,' said Congo, with an imperative Tap of the neddy on the stool that served for a table. ' Look sharp about it, too ; for there's little enough time to catch this forenoon's post.' Without a word Mr. Bennett took the miserable-looking scrap and read as fol lows : — 'Mr. Bennett. ' Dear Brother— I intend to run a little further north; and require more, money. 'Please let. me have a, draft for £50 by re turn, arid be ~sure to make it payable to bearer. D6 riot send it. to my hotel, but to the General Post-Office, to lie till called for 'Your affectionate brother, \- 'JSdwabd Bennett.' The prisoner read this once through with a flush of indignation steadily mounting his cheeks, and- was about to crush it in his band, or. tear it into fragments before his jailer's eyes; when there suddenly flashed upon him an unexpected ray of hope, which made him exert a mighty effort to control himself into a semblance, .of thoughtful calmness, and stifle the. hasty words rising to his lips. The demands of the thieves he could see* 'were steadily rising, and the art funy^^^let^^ye'lum'iio*i''an inch of power everi-hiiough,* -its requests - were obeyed. The money might be sent, drawn, and squandered, and 'yet himself be not W whit nearer liberty. '-Najft they might even extort mofe-- 1^rain^hinitillthey could drain no longer and then leave nim to die like a rat in a hole. ? %.-..-' ~ , ' Who saw me enter this strange den ? No one,' he thought, as the dreadful suspi cion gained ground in bis mind. 'Where ami? they refuse to tell, and I myself, have not the faintest idea.- What should prevent them even to murder me if they could get no more out of me, and feared retaliation? No! something must be done. I must save myself ' and as he scanned the curious note, the first loophole of escape seemed to rise before him. To rouse the suspicions of his brother was his only ?chance ; and as a first step towards accom plishing that without exciting those of his captors, he Tesolved to increase the sum to £200. ' You seem to have forgotten that I will require money for my own use afteT I bid farewell to your estimable society,' he smilingly remarked, placing the point of the pen on the sum indicated in the strange note. ' Suppose I get two hundred pounds sent, arid pay you the fifty out of it? Would that please your hidden leader as well?' 'As well? — better,' emphatically re turned Congo, falling at once into the trap, and brightening up with a rapidity that instantly confirmed Mr. Bennett's sus picions. ' By all means put it down two hundred.' Mr. Bennett took the pen and sat down. It was cunning and far-seeing intelligence matched against villainy and insatiable greed, and I shall now show how the intelligence was to come out far to the front. The very first thing that had caught the eye of the prisoner was the fact that the style of composition was quite different from that which he was accustomed to use in addressing his brother and co-partner. In familiar notes he - invariably addressed him, ' My Dear Joe,' and signed himself ' Ned.' This was the first stumble in the plot, and of course it was the thieves them selves who made it. The next thought that flashed upon the prisoner was that he might so disguise his own hand that his brother, would at a glance suspect forgery ; and, as a final and clinching mark of suspicion, he resolved to make use of a peculiar sign, which was known only to himself and his brother, and which was always understood to represent Danger. In tbe business transactions of the firm it had been the habit of the brothers when a customer was unknown and desirous of credit to refer him to the other partner in a polite note ; but, if the solvency of the would-be cus tomer was doubtful, the last three letters of the signature we're invariably underlined by a horizontal whip, with the lash wound round the handle — the whole, by long practice, done with one flourish of the pen, as if merely a finish to the autograph. When this secret mark accompanied the signature, credit, of course, was at once politely refused. It will now be evident that there were three chances in the prisoner's favor so far as the letter was concerned ; but, while he wrote the document, and submitted it to the scrutiny of the keen-eyed Congo, who posted it forthwith, there were other forces at work in the same direction. The hotel people, surprised at the non-appearance of one whom they knew to be a gentle man of means, had become alarmed, and, after instituting enquiries, had traced him as far as the theatre, where all clue was lost. As the seeond day wore away, and he did not turn up, their alarm increased, and they at last decided to in form the police. The facts were duly placed before me, but, though I instantly set to work to hunt for the missing man, I did so with a bad grace, because, in the first place, I did not really believe him to be lost ; and, in the second, if he was lost, he had his own folly to blame for it — his weakness for drink and company having been carefully and minutely photographed to me by my informants. After an infinite deal of trouble, I managed to ferret out the cabman who drove him, or a gentleman answering to his description, over to the head of Lsith Wynd ; but, while I stood with him, over at the stance at Princes-street, trying in vain to hammer out of him the direction taken by the party after leaving the cab, it unfortunately happened that I was sighted from the opposite side of the street by one of the flash girls who had been engaged in the early part of the kidnapping. This girl, who was linked in some way to Congo, smelt danger at once, and while I remained there ' blethering,' stole along the street, jumped into a cab, and tore over to the bead of Leith Wynd as fast as a twoshil ling drive could take her. Dismissing the cab, she flew down and into the rickety land, where she burst in on Congo like one bereft of reason. ' Get your man away — show him out, and fly yourself this instant !' she breath lessly cried. ' The spots are after him. I saw McGovan and the boots of the hotel standing just now over in Princes-street questioning the cabman who drove you over here — and you know if he but strikes the right clue, it will be one swoop, and a fiver to you. Kidnapping a man ! Why, it will set the whole city on fire. Out with him, and wash your hands of it !' 'No, indeed; we can't afford it,' was the gruff reply. ' The Ruffian would kill me if I did ; besides, there's a tidy sum to be made out of him— he's as soft and pliable aa a bit of wax; and, instead of fifty quid, we're going to collar two hundred. ' Think of that — whole two hundred.' 'But how much of that will go to you?' feverishly rejoined , the girl. ' Not a half — not a third — not a quarter, perhaps. You are fresh to the city, or you would know the Ruffian better.. Take my advice — get him to swear silence, and shove him out.' 'Not I' defiantly returned the thief. ' HI get out of here, though— go out and consult the Ruffian — he may want him shifted and stowed away out there. Be off now, as quick as you like, down the Wynd, and I'll go up before it's too late.' This quick move was at once executed. With a sigh of fear the girl departed by the lower way, while Congo slipped out and -away down St. Mary's Wynd towards the south side. Just a few minutes after, I came upon the empty nest. I searched it to the best of my ability, but, of course, I I bad no idea of the existence of such a place as the cellar beneath, and, hearing no sounds I departed, unsuccessful, to hunt for Congo elsewhere. This being the position of affairi,letus I now - f pUknr1 the letter— ^wiffi /its three ' ] chances of ^arousing ^iuspieioit— itp Han- 4 Chester. '- ??? -'-'' ' !-f7 - -?''' ? '? \ . Mr. Joseph Bennett, the elder brother of the two, received the letter on the night of ~ the day on which it was posted-^long after Bank hours — arid so had time to study well if s contents before complying with its request. Strange to say, neither the altered composition nor the carefully-disguised .handwriting excited the slightest suspicion in bis mind, and that, for a singular reason. 'Ned was certainly drunk when be wrote this— he always is when he sends for extravagant sums,' he said to himself, with a knowing chuckle; but when be had got thus far in bis wise conclusions he was suddenly pulled up by noticing the care fully and legibly-executed danger-mark be neath tbe signature. ' 'What on earth can he mean? Thajt means * Don't send it/ and here again he put the same mark beneath the sum £200!' andthestaggered millowner scanned the curious note closer and closer, and then came to a strange conclusion, ' There is something wrong,' he emphatically said to himself. 'The mad fool has got into trouble— he alway does when he travels— he has run up some feolish debt, got into prison, and been forced to write this letter, and at the same time wishes to warn me not to send the money. Very good — then I will not send it.' This was a conclusion easily arrived at, but not so easily acted upon. It cost Mr. Joseph Bennett a whole night's rest think ing it over ; and, even when done, he could not deny to himself that all his reasoning was founded upon a surmise, 'He may really want the money, or the debt may be a just one which it would be a reflection on our name to leave unpaid. Oh, what it is to be pestered with the follies of a brother ! I could wish him and his debts at the bottom of the sea. There is only one course that I see — I can take the ex press for Edinburgh, see what the mess is, insist on the debt being paid if it is justly incurred, and at the same time give him a hearty blowing up for all the trouble he has given me.' : This resolution was promptly acted upon. With some trouble he got together £200, and by seven in the morning was speeding by express towards Edinburgh. Late as it was when he arrived, he went straight to the hotel in Princes-street, and enquired for his brother, and was then petrified to hear that for two days he had been missing, and that the police had just been set upon his track. This startling news sent him flying up to the Police Office, where a man was at once sent with him down towards Leith Wynd to meet me. Quite at a loss where to go next, though sufficiently startle! by the disclosures of the alarmed brother, I came slowly up the High-street in his company till we reached the corner of the Bridge, where I happened to come on Mclndoe taking one of his slow walks, leaning on a stick, and accompanied by the faithful Nosie Mincher. To him I had no hesitation in imparting the strange particu lars, when I was astonished to hearjliim 'Ifyou want'T5ongo7 you hacTb'ettef go south. He is out in that direction now — I did not see him, but Penbank stopped me, in great hurry, saying he was after him. You know the shivering coward has got the idea into his head that the Ruffian holds out somewhere about the Grange, or beyond Lover's Loan, and whenever any of your bairns turn their noses in that direc tion, he is after them like a shadow. It is his own miserable life he fears for, so you may depend on something being in it.' S This was news indeed, for I was morally certain that Congo was the last seen in the company of the missing man, and now in a dim way I at last seemed to see the mas terly hand of the Puifian at the back of it all. But while I, with my excited com panion, turned my face southward, to give the reader a proper idea of this curious chase, I would ask him to follow Congo, and for the moment forget that I also was speeding in that direction. The Grange, and all that district, I need scarcely remind the reader, at that time was mostly green fields and bare roads, with only a lonely house here and there. It therefore follows that any person ap proaching the Haunted House could be seen a long way off if the night happened to be a clear one. This was exactly the case with Congo as he approached the hide of his leader — he was recognised some dis tance off — but unfortunately the same eagle glance detected what the Quadroon could not suspect — the slim form of Simon Pen bank sliding steadily along in his wake. There was only a minute to do it, but that minute saved the hiding-place for the time from discovery. Before Congo was within a hundred feet of the house, up went a danger signal known to themselves in one of the front windows, and the moment this was sighted by the approaching thief he*' walked straight past, the bouse, without so much as glancing at it a second time, leading the unsuspicious spy in his wake, and cursing and wondering not a little at the Ruffian's move and its cause. Further on, when he had got down to the Meadows, ke heard the patting footsteps of Penbank in his wake, and for the first time happened to glance round. Place of concealment their was none ; the spy was recognised in a moment, and Congo, though sensible of the narrow escape both he and the Ruffian had just made, was foolish enough to lose his temper and turn f ariously on the innocent-looking Simon Penbank. ' What the d ? 1 are you following me for ?' he burst forth, advancing, threaten-, ingly as he spoke, Simon Penbank bent forward with an expression of glad surprise and faint incre dulity, and then cried, rapturously — 'No, it cannot be! Yes! it is — my dear friend, Congo ! Give me your hand, my friend. Ah, you object? Well, let that pass. My dear sir, I sincerely trust that you keepyour health well ?' ' What are you after, I say ?'. roared Congo, with a' ferocious showing of his teeth that made the other inwardly quake and glance round furtively for a policeman. 'My friend,' sighed Penbank in reply, with a pensive sniffle, 'I have but one pursuit in this world— the acquiring of in lnformation. Information is a species of knowledge, and knowledge, I need scarcely remind one who has been taught to write from the most approved copy head lines, is power.' 'Ha! and you want power over me?' savagelv continued Congo, feeling in his pocket fora knife, and looking roand on every sidein. a way that froze the smile $n Penbaril^8 iips-andsent the: cold' sweat tricktbdg€qwn-^s I -jfeck^-^po^r to;1*^ me and kind me,in.quod-r-eh ?' ': ?„-';?' \ ; ? -'My dearest ^fieiia^--^ began 3Penbant, ; in reply; but at the moment the last -word1; was formed ?? upon his lips Congo ha! ' whipped put a dagger ''knife with a -spring ' back, and began tugging 'at the blade witji , bis teeth to open it ; trad, waiting no longer to use his weightest weappn, bis: tongue, Penbank took to his heels and sped along the side of the1 meadows towards the end of Buccleuchr-streetwith remarkable agility, shouting 'murder!' at the top, of his voice, and with Congo thundering along in his wake brandishing the open knife, and uttering the most appalling threats against his life. Just as Penbank turned the corner towards the Sciennes, he dashed full against three persons-^-Mr. Joseph Bennett, my self j arid a policeinan of whom we were making' enquiries. The next moment, before the breathless spy could utter a word of explanation, Congo himself rounded the corner, dashed into our midst, and was instantly disarmed, collared, and hand cuffed. ' What's all this for ? I was only chasing him for a bit of fun,' he doggedly remarked, as soon as he could recover from the shock of surprise. 'I'll tell you what it's for,' I saic|, silencing Penbank's piteous torrent of pro testations and charges. ' I want you for trapping this gentleman's brother. Where have you stowed him? Better make a clean breast of it. The game is bknvn— not a farthing of money to be gained by it — and your only chance lies in telling all.' 'I don't know what you're talking about,' boldly returned the captured thief, with a defiant scowl. ' I never saw his brother, far less trapped him — at least that I know of.' ' Bah ! What has become of the gentle man who got out of the cab with you two nights ago at the head of Leith Wynd ?'? I impatiently demanded. 'Gentleman? Oh, that's a good un,' he cried, with an attempt at a laugh. ' He was only a swell mobsman from London, spending some money among us. I've enough to do watching the spots without keeping an eye on prigs as well. He may be up in the moon by this time, for aught I know.' This ingenious story came out so quickly and readily that^though convinced of its untruth, I was for a moment staggered ^ and the moment's pause gave him tima to strengthen his position. I took him away up to the Office ; but, as he would not alter his story, I had to lock him up and give up the pursuit for that night at least. But now I come to the strangest part of the whole affair, and what was only known to me years after, when I happsned again to come across the gentleman kid napped. - In some magic way the Ruffian had either scented danger, or heard of the ar rest; for scarcely three hours after Congo had been locked up there was a clanking sound over the chimney leading down to the queer prison, and, looking up, accord ing to his own statement, Mr. Bennett saw the face of an ' old and frail-looking man, with white hair,' peering down at him, holding a lighted candle in his hand. A shout of joy, mingled with a burst of wild entreaties for freedom broke from the terrified prisoner, but were instantly hushed by a gesture from the strange apparition above. 'I have come to set you free,' the old man — who could have been none other than the Ruffian — whispered down in a fearful way. ' But before I do it, you must swear, in the words I will re peat, never to reveal aught you have seen or heard within these walls, and also not to prosecute or recognise, or in any way identify any who have been the means of putting you where you are. Hush, do not answer hastily,' added the apparition,' as he was about to promise anything for dear life and liberty. ' Hear the alternative. If you refuse, you will be left where you are — left to perish from hunger — to become food for the rats and cockroaches. More, if you break faith after you are set free, your life will not be worth a moment's purchase. Now decide.' 'I have already decided,' impulsively cried the overjoyed Englishman ; 'oh, bless you for. your goodness — propose any oath, my lips shall be sealed while the ruffians live.' .. The oath was instantly administered in such appalling terms that there was little likelihood of it being broken ; the rope was lowered, and adjusted under his arms by himself, and then he was drawn up with a strength surprising in one seemingly so aged. Up above he found the light ex tinguished and the old man in waiting, and, like a simpleton, he submitted to have his eyes blindfolded before he was led out of the building. Out into the cool night air they then went, down some steep slopes and up others, till at last the*' old man' quitted his hold of the Englishman, the baudage was torn away, and the kidnapped man awoke to see a,shadow fleeting round the corner, to find himself at the foot of the North BackCanongate, and above all to realise the sweet fact that he was at last free ! He wandered round to the front of Holyrood Palace, and there one of the sentries en lightened him as to his whereabouts and the quickest route to his hotel in Princes street, where he arrived at an early hour in the morning, to rouse up his astonished brother, and to answer all his enquiries by a strange silence, or by a mere hint that lie had got into some queer company that he would rather not speak about. And to this strange and infatuated resolution he stuck to the last. Next day, when brought face to face with Congo in the Court, he firmly persisted in not recognising or crimi nating him in any way, the : consequence of which was that he himself got a severe reproof from the Bench for his folly ; and Congo — who pleaded guilty to the charge of threatening Penbank with a knife, but said in extenuation that he only did it 'for a lark' — was fined in twenty-one shillings, with expenses, which he instantly paid. As he passed out of the Court he stooped and whispered to Penbank — - , ' It's no use trying to trap us, Simon ; ' you will make nothing by it. Wait a few ; days, and I may put something in your ? way that'll give you a. lif trr-downwards,' , ' he added under his breath to himself. ? : About this 'lift— downwards,' as it had ; '; a connection with the identical prison of * Mr. Bennett, I will have something to say | ; in another sketch. - \ \ (To It continued.) 