TEE AUSTRALIA X ELEVEN IN ENGLAND. Br Oxe or Teem. THE KEIGHLEY MATCH. Keiorlet, 31st July. On Sunday, the 28th inst., we left Crewe about half-past two, and reached Huddersficld by half- past six. We had some refreshment at our old qnarters, the Georee Hotel iu that town, and in a couple of hours' time arrived at Bradford, a aplendidly-bntlt town, with a population or 250,000. Stopping there for tbe night at tbe Vic toria, a handsome and commodious hotel , we caught tbe ten o'clock train next morning, and after an hour's journey were at our destination. The scenery all the way from Crewe to Bradford is delightful. Well-wooded bills and sweet, secluded valleys, mot our gaze at various points along the track, and in many instances we could see, perched up on the hill tops and nestling amongst oak and elm trees, handiome houses, tbe position of which brought to mind similar structures on the pleasant bills ronnd Sydney harbor. The Keigh- ley cricket goound, which ia about a quarter of a milo round, is prettily situated in a most charm ing valley. Hills rise up gradually on cither side to the height of 500 or 600 feet. Every portion of tbcm is under cultivation, and each waving field of corn is divided from the other by the usual hawthorn hedge, with which we are now as familiar as with the Australian post and rail. Every county that we travel through looks gloriously fresh and green, for there is uo scorching brick- fietdcr to dry it up as in tbe antipodes. We like tbe English twilight well, and it lasts so long that we find it is nearly time to go to bed before darkness sets in, Tbe weather for the past sis weeks has been gloriously fine, perfect Australian summer lime without tbe hot winds. Wo have beautiful starry uights, but we miss the brilliant moonlight of the Southern sky. About one o'clock on Mouday, the 29tb, we commenced our match against eighteen of Keighley and district. Gregory won the toss froai Waring, the local captain, and decided to bat. The two Ban- nermans went in on a wet wicket against the bowling of Nash and Reynolds, tbe latter of whom we had already met at Hunslet. Each bowler was well on the spot, and runs came very slowly for some time. Gradually, however, the elder bro ther warmed to his work, and tho tens ran up steadily. The scoring was principally in singles and doubles until thirty appeared, and after that a succession of triplets to each batsman sent fifty in right. Changes of bowling were frequently tried, but tbe runs came freely, and in an hour and a half from the start 80 was on tbo hoard with no wicket down. By luncheon time tho score stood at 90 with the two Banner- mans still there. On resumiog at three o'clock the elder brother soon came to grief, a breakback from Reyaolde elean bowling him. The Sydney crack played a splendid innings for 54. He mada one grand on-drivo over the chains for 4, and gave two difficult chances, both hard straight hits. 1—54—97, Horan followed, and hit tho first ball he got in tine style for 3, causing tho centnry to appear. Again a long stand was made, each batsman playing steadily and well, and 140 went up on the telegraph before a separation was effected, through A. Bannerman being caught at the wickets, after playing in his best form for 55, made without given the ghost ot a chance. Two for 145. Gregoty was run out for a single, and Murdock, who succeeded him, was also run out after making a brace. Boyle came next, but be had also to depart when he bad contributed a triplet, Roberts bowliDg him with a leg-break. Spoffoitb played wretchedly for 3, in making which he gave four chances. Garrett was caught first ball at point off Roberto, and Blackbam with Horau kept possession of the wickets until time was called at six o'clock, tbe score then standing at 177 for seven wickets. Flay was resumed at half-past twelve next day, aud Horan, after adding a couple of doubles off Roberts, was howled by Nash with a shooter. 8—47 —180. The retiring batsman played in first-rate style for his runs, which he made without giving a chance. Bailey quickly caused tbe 200 to appear, and then he was given out for a catch at the wickets, though tbo ball struck his pads only. 9 — 17 — 206\. Allan went in, but he had no time to show what ho could do, for Blackbam bit Reynolds up to third man, wbcro Nash mado a very smart catch. Tbo Victorian keeper of the sticks played well for a dozen, and the lnuings came to a close for tbo respectable total of 206. Nash is a good leftbandcdmediumpacebowlerwitb a slight work from leg, aud Reynolds also bowls medium pace, hut with the right hand. RobortB bowls slow over arm witb a leg break, but he wasn't at all difficult to negotiate. The fielding of the eighteen was ex cellent throughout, particularly in the case of Sedgwick, who by his dexterous movements at forward cover ran both Gregory and Murdock out. The eighteen started their first innings at half-past ono o'clock, and by luncheon time bad lost six wickets for sixteen. After luncheon Tobin played up splendidly, aud made the excellent score of 49 before a cannon shot from tbe demon dismissed bim. Curious to mention, Tobin is a native born Australian, now at Stony- burst College, about thirty miles from Keighley. He is a son of Mr. A. Tobin, a Victorian squatter, and was formerly of St. Patrick's College, Mel bourne. He and young M'Donnell, of the Melbourne Cricket Clah, .were the cracks of the school, and the former, by his translation to England, has gained both style and good hitting powers. Wo were all quite pleased to think that one of our own countrymen should be tho heaviest scorer against us in this contest. Indeed, but for him the total would have been extremely small, for be made 49 out of 102, and there were only two othor double figures, viz., Barrett and Nash with ton each. Tobin was greeted witb a perfect Btorm of ap plause on returning to the pavilion, andhe well deserved it. I believe that he intends returning to Melbourne shortly, and 1 feel certain that be will prove a decided acquisition even to the best club there. Tho first innings of the eighteen came to a termination at 5.15, and, being more, than SO behind, they had to follow on. ' By six o'clock they had lost six wickets for 28 runs. On the third day play was resumed at one o'clock, and in an hour and a half all were out for 133. Bawke played well for 21, but Nasb, who contributed 24, bad a vast amount ef luck. Reynolds showed vigorous criekst for IS, pod , . jril hard for 14. Tobin '"was'"1 unlucky- in'beiBg caught- VS a bumpy one -when he had made 7. With 3 i runs to get to win, Allan and O. Bannerman ap peared at the, wickets, against tha bawling of Nash and Reynolds. Tho Sydneyite, when he had made 9, was caught at tbs wickets off Nash, One for 12. A. .Bannerman joined the bowler of a contury. When 10 runs were added, Allan was run oat. 2 5 — 22, and Horan filled the vacancy. A single only had been added when a splendid ball irom Nasb disposed of tho stonewaller. 3—6—23. Murdock and Horan soon made tbe required number of runs, and the match ended in our favor with seven wickets to spare. Tbe weather was dull and cloudy ou tbe first day, but the second and third days were all that could be desired. Baring the three dsyB over 10,000 persons visited the ground, and they appeared to take great interest in the match. Of course hundreds of questions were put to us about Aus tralia, and some of them weio as usual very absurd, betraying a woeful want of know ledge of Australian geography. We took care to set them right on all points, and they wero very much astonished to find that the area of one of the Australian colouies was more than that of Great Britain and Ireland. Everyone here appears to bo talking about Australia, and great wonder is expressed that witb such a small population so clever a re presentative team of cricketers could bo sent thousands of milos across the ocean to compete with tho cream of the mother country, which has been the homo cf cricket for hundreds of years. It is admitted ou all sides that the visit of our Eleven to Eogland is the grandest advertisement the colonies have had, or ever will have ; that it- is the means of making the name of that country familiar with persons throughout the length and breadth of the United Kingdom ; and that it will tend to foster and develop the friendly relation ship which already exists between the Australian colonies and the mother country. They say that Australians must have plenty of spirit and pluck combined wilh skill and energy, when they can send home a Trickett to wrest the ohampiouship of the Thames, aud a team of cricketers who cau show 'Englishmen that tbe game can be as well played iu Australasia as it is in their own coun try. Keighley is not much of a ' town to look at, but it is tolerably wealthy. The houses have a dingy appearance, and the streets wiud about anyhow. We stopped at an hotel called the Devonshire, aud we were fairly accommo dated. Ail the memben ot the team aro in fair condition, notwithstanding tho hard work. Spefr" forth'a laborious delivery hts told oh bim some- whatraud- Allan has gone completely off his bowl. - ing, though ho is in splendid health. ' Score:— . ' 1 Acsrsaiiaii Itavss. First Innings. Steond Innings. C. Bannerman, b Bay- c Jtormlngton, b uolds 64 Nashi. "A. BaUoonuan, c Nor- _ minjton, b Kuh » S5 b Nash ».»« 0 Horau, b Nash.. ........ 47 not out.." 0 Gregory, run out 1 Murdock, run out ...... 2 not out 4 Boyle, b Roberts 8 Bpoffortb, c ftnd b Ko» berts 3 Garrett, o Smith, b Ro» berta 0 Blackbam, c Nash, b Reynolds 12 Bailey, o Normington, b Nasb ........ 17 Allan, not out 0 runout 6 fluudrles 12 Sundries .... 2 ; Total 203 Three wickete for 32 Bovtiixa AHJO.TSIS.— Firet tnnln« : Noah, balla, SO maidens, 44 rune, 3 wicketa; Reynolds, 124 rune, 14 maidens, 42 runs, 2 wickets; Roberts, 104 baits, S maidens, 39 runs, 3 wickets ; Tobin, .100 balls, 10 maidens, 39 run; Barrett, 20 balls, 4 maidens, i runs ; Hawkft, 12 balls, 11 runs; Waring, 2d balls, 1 maiden, 12 ruus, 1 wido ; Scott, 4d halls, S maidens, 12 runs. Second Innings ; Nash, 52 balls, S maidens, 0 runs, 2 wickets; Roberts, 12 balli, 1 maiden, 10 runs ; Reynolds, 40 bails, 5 maidens, 11 runs. Eiohtkeic or Kkiqulst District. First liming. Second Innings. . Smith, e and b Spoflorth 4 b Spoflorth 1 Hawke, c Boyle, b Spot forth 2 bGarrett .....21 Ruttertield, b Spoffortb .. 1 c and b dpoffotth . . 3 Reynolds, c Garrett, b c C. Bannerman, b bpoflorlti.. ...... . .' .. 0 Boyle .......... 13 Tovin, b Spofforth 49 c Blackbam, b Boyle 7 Sedgwick, e and b Boyle., 1 c C. Uatmerman.'b SpofTortb O Prieslman, b Spofforth »» 0 bGarrett 7 Foulds, c Biackbaiu, b Spoffortb.. .......... 0 b Spofforth 14 Kormingtou. b Spofforth 1 b Spofforth 6 Scntt, b Spofforth fi b Spofforth 1 Roberts, b Spofforth .... 2 o A, Uanoerman, b Boyle 1 Waring, b Boyle 1 o Boyle... 4 Barritt, o A. Bannerman, c Murdoch, b Spot b Spoffonh .......... .. 10 furth ............ 10 Nasb, b Garrett 10 c C. Bannerman, b Boyle 24 Aiidertoo. c C. Banner- man, h Spofforth 3 e Boyle, b Spoffoith 1 Driver, run out 1 not out 8 Asraitb, o Spofforth, b Garrett 6 o Gregory, b Boyle 8 Allarlon, not out 1 c Bailey, b Boy'o .. 0 Sundries 7 Sundries 5' Total 104 Total 133 EoffMSQ Analtsis.— First innings: Boyle, 124 balls, 15 maidens, 30 runs, 2 wicketa ; Spoffortb, 140 balls, 13 maidens, 68 runs, 12 wickets; Garrett, IS balls, 2 maidens, 2 runs, 2 wickets. Second imilnjrs : Allan, 82 balls, 2 tuaideus, 14 runs; Spofforth, 152 balls, 8 maidens, 69 runs, 8 wickets; Garrett, 4S baits, 3 toaideus, 21 runs, 2 wickets ; Boyle, 7d balls, 2 tualdcus, 34 runs, 7 wickets. We left Keighley o'o tbe night of tbe 31st for Kochdale, where our next match takes place 