JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. THE quail is a game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and so sudden that tiley hum when they fly. They have no song, hut whistle for music; thc tune ÍB solitary and sad. They are short on the wing, and a man may bc good in arithmetic, fustratc at parsing, and even bc able to preach acceptably, but if ho ain't studied quail on thc wing lie might as well shoot at a streak of lightening in thc sky as at a quail on thc go. Brilon quail, properly supported with jcfloys and a Champagne Charlie, iz just the most difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history ov vittles and something to drink. I am no gourmand for I kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lips after I get thru, but if I am asked to eat brilcd quail by a friend, with judißhous ac companymcnt, I blush at fust, then smile sweet acquiescence-in other words, I always quail before such a request. Thc partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring ov the year and keep both eyes wide opean watching thc sportsman. Partridges are shot on thc wing and are as easy to miss az a ghost iz ; it is phun ennff tew sec the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This must bc seen, it can't be described, and make ennybody believe it. Tho partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and cither of them straddles a gridiron j natural enuft to have been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, and serve up with a kind of choruB, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on thc Camden and Amby road 8"J per cent. I have cat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and must say that I prefer a couple of basswood chips Boaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding^ glue. Thc goslin is the old goose's yung child. They arc yeller all over, and az soft az a ball of worsted. Their foot iz wovo hole, and they kan swim az easy as a drop of kastor oil on tho water. They are bom annually about tho 15th of May, and never waz known to die naturally. If a man shold tell me he saw a goose died a natral doth, I wouldn't believe him under oath after timi, not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. Tho goose are different in one respect from the human family, who arc sed tow grow weaker and wiser, whereas a goslin alwus I grows tuffcr and more phoolish. I 1 have seen a goose that they sed was i ninety-three years old last June, and didn't i look an hour older than one that was only ! seventeen. ] Thc goslin waddles when ho walks and I paddles when he swims, but never dives like a ; duck out of sight in the water, but only : changes ends. The food uv the goslin iz rye, com, oats : and bilcd cabbage, cooked potatozc, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, state bred, kold bosh end buckwheat cakes that are left over. I Tile ain't so particular as some pholks what i they cat, won't git mad and quit if they kant j have wet toast and lam chops every morning , for breakfast. 