AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN V. FIFTEEN OF NEW SOUTH WALES. Br One of Them. First Dat. . Sydney, 29th November. To-day at half-past twelve we commenced onr match against fifteen Of Now South Wales, on the Association cricket ground at Moors Park, Paddiugton. Tbe grouuil is in splendid condi tion. aud so fast tbat tbo slightest tap sends the ball like a shot to tho chains. In no part of England did we play on as fast and true a wicket, and this speaks Tolames for tbe ability of the curator, Gregory, whose efforts to provide tho best of wickets for tbe occasion hare been crowned with complete success. The grass bas a scorched appearance, , and looked qnite strange to us after being used so long to the rich green of the English turf. We noticed that con siderable improvements bad been made since wo left Sydney for tbe mother country some months ago. The pavilion is nearly finished, and a neat croqnet lawn and bowling green adjoining the grand stand reserve help very materially the beauty of the surrouudiogs, while trees have been planted all round and the terrace extended. In tbe early part of tho day there were about 2000 persons present, bnt as tbe day wore on cabs and 'buses crowded rolled up every few minutes, and by four o'clock there must have been an attendance of fully 9000, a number which, however, did not come up to what waa anticipated. Tho sky was a little overcast nt fiiat, but later on it cleared, and the weather for the remainder of the day was simply perfect for cricket, the heat being tem pered by a gentle wind from the south. Tho grand stand was well patronised, and looked brilliant with the beautiful variety of colors of tbe ladies' costumes. I regret very much to say tbat the only accident which ha/ occurred to any of us since the formation of the ttam happened to Bailey daring the afternoon. In retnrmng a boll from cover-point be somehow or othor man aged to break his arm above the elbow. Some time before this sad occurrence he had felt a pain in the same arm, and had tied his handker- chief round it, and this, in the opinion of Drs. Fortescue and Warren, who attended to him, helped to cause the break. Bailey, poor fellow, bad done a lot of bard work as an outfield all through our English tour, and more than once had spoken about a pain in hia arm, but littlo did be or aoy of us think that it would lead up to such a sad mishap. It threw quite a gloom over our fellows, and, indeed, over all the spec tators, and took all the spirit and life out of our play for the rest of the dny. I believe in the' history of cricket that not more than two or three accidents of this nature have taken place. Gre gory won tho toss from Powell, the captain of the fifteen, and sent them iu, much to the sur. priso of many cricketers present, for the wicket was all that' a batsman conld wish for. The reason we did not go in to bat ia that, having been accustomed to the subdued English light, our sight of the ball was very much affected by tbe strong Aus tralian glare, and it was thought by most of us that a good day's work in the field might assist very much in setting us right in this respect. As an evideoco of this dimness of vision, I lnny say that our fielding throughout was very poor in deed, worse than any we have yet shown cither in Euglaud, America or Australia? Young Banner- man, whose brilliant fielding brought down tbo house in tbe old country, made several mistakes, and four or fire besideshim missed cnsycbancce, Blaokbam was tbo only exception, bis form be hind tbo sticks the wbolo daylong being well worthy his great reputation. He dispensed with tbe services of long-stop, and despite that be had to take tbe demon's cannon shota not a single bye was recorded. Nor. was oar bowliag up to first-class form. Spofforth bad no luck, and lost his wind after half a dozen overs, and Allan sont down half volleys ail : full tosses eo often hs to highly delight the batsmen. Boyle bowled very well, but tvitb bad luck, and Garrett Beemed to trundle without any spirit. Horan tried a few overs, and tbey only served to increase the re cord. I do not mention ull this in any way to disparage the batting shown by our opponents, 1 think a better display all ronad with the willow has never before been made by a New South Wales or any other Australian fifteen, and tbat is saying a good deal. Tiiorup sou fell to Spofforth when two runs only bad been mado, but Slioridnu and Massif sent 40 up befnro the fall.af the second .wicket. The innings of I be former for 41 was tbe feature of the day. He never showed better form: aud seemed' at borne from tbe start. His cutting was very neat and effective, and bis driving was in keeping, and not the ghost of a chauco can be urged against bim, for overy ball was sent all along tho carpet. Next to him in point of merit conies Allen with 3". He ts one of the uiost promising cricketers in New South Wales, and bats in a stylo resembling that of young M'Dounell, of tbo Melbourne Club. He is rather weak on tbe leg, but is all there ou the off, his cuttiug and driving being Al. Allen will bo remembered by the Grammar School boys in Melbourne for having given ibem a leather hunting wben be snored 145, not out, against tlietn on tbe Melbourne ground souie time ago in tbeir match with the Sydney Grammar School. Davis, another colt, showed fair cricket for 82. Ho plays a very steady game, and will not hit at a straight ball. A glance at tbe score sheet will ebon that the infu sion of colt blood in the team has not weakened it in any way. Massie played a very good innings for 27, and tbo manner in wbicb be smote our bowlers on the off side was a treat to witness. He, I think, will play with us in lieu of poor Bailey in tbe Melbourne match. His style will please tbe public there. Gregory, though bo gave au easy chance to Horao, and made three or four flaky bits, played a sound vigorous innings for 39, and was splcudidly caught at inid.off by A. Bannorman. When play ceased nt six o'clock 260 was up on the board with only ten wickets down, so that at presont it looks no certainty for us. It was about half-past twelve when wo took our places in tbo field. Knd presently tho veteran Nat Thompson with JTassie came forth from tho pavilion to face the bowling of Spofforth and Allan. Tho demon sent down a maiden to Nat, asd two singles resulted in Allan's first over ; but before another run was added a wily one from Spofforth sold Nat, and clean howled him, 1—1—2. Sheridan enme next, and a good stand was mado. Runs enrao very slowly ut first, but Massie soon opened his shoulders, aud drove tho bowler of a ceutury irt fine style to long-off tor a quartotte. Ho followed this up by sending tho same trnndlor to square- leg for a like number ; and a couple of doubles aud a single having been added, Allan was shunted iu favor of Garrett. .Sheridan drove Spofforth all along the carpet to long-off for 4, and 20 was hoisted. Four more to Massie off Spofforth for a straight bit, aud this contribution with singles and a double to Sheridan sent 80 in sight. Goran now misfielded a drive bv Massio off Garrett, and 4 ruus resulted. Spofforth chauged ends, and Boyle took Garrett's place and when 40 appeared on the telegraph a separa tion was effected by a wind-jammer from tbe demon dislodging Mosaic's leg stump. 2 27 42\. The retiring batsman showed excellent form. Seals novo became Sheridan's associate, and" another stand was mado, the score having been raised by lnnclieon time to 54, witbont another wicket having fallen. After luncheon a maiden or two was sent down by both Spofforth and Boylo, and then Sheridan bit tbe latter to square -leg for 4. Sixty went up, and when 3 runs were added a slow one from Boyle dismisued Saale, who batted in neat style for 12. Three lor 63. Allou tided tbe vacancy, and She; iduu cut Spofforth in the slips neatly for a double and a triplet. Singles aud doubles sent SO up, and shortly afterwards Gar rett relieved the demon, who bad been trnndbng with very bad luck. Fonr or five maidens were sent down, aud then young Allen cut Boylo to the grand ituud Luce for a quartette. When three singles were affiled, Sheridan repeated tbe doso, and sent tbo ccuturv up, but tba next ball Boylo bad bis revenge by making a splendid Catch off a straight bard bit, aud tbe natty Sberidan'bad to depart after playing a flue innings for 41. Ho was very warmly applauded. Fnnr tor 100. Powell soon came to grief, a breakback from tbe demon, wbo had just takeu Garrett's placo, prov ing too good for bim. 5—1 — 105. Geary came iu to see Allen cut Boyle bard aud clean to tbe pavilion for -1. A few singles were added, and Allan resumed rice Boyle. Geary now Bpooned Spoffurtb into Altck Bnnnermau'a liRuds at raid-off, but amidst much laugh ter this easiest of cliauces was missed by our safest field. Allen cut tbe demon for a" triplet, two of tbe rues coming from Allan's bad fielding, 120 went up, and when 8 runs were added Allen was bowled by Spofforth off his legs, and returned to tbe pavilion amidst great applause, which was well merited. 0—37 — 128. There was a slight urisenderstandieg in connec tion with the disposal of yonog Allen. Mr. Teecc, umpire for the fifteen, couldn't see, owing to Spofforth having got in front, nnd would give no decision, and made reference to Mr. Park, onr umpire, whose fiat waa howled. The batsman was sfttisfiedbu: tbe pnblic did not appear to be. Davis joiDed Gaary, who immediately gave Alick Gaanerman another easy chance and, as ou tho first instance, the bail dropped to the ground, Geary drove Spofforth to loDg-on for a quartotte, bnt soon afterwards was sent to tbe right-about by Boyle, who lmd taken tho leather from Allan. 7 — 18 — 146. Geary's was a miserable display of cricket. Evans now stopped to tbe wicket, and wben be had made a couple he was missed by Burrows, wbo fielded for Bailey, at short-leg, an easy chance. This cost us a lot of runs, as the sequsl showed. Sale this mistake Bur rows fielded excellently. Vhen 160 hsd appeared ou the board Home relieved Boyle, and Davis cut him for a pair of fours in his first over. . Garrett took Spoffortb's place, and Horan made way for Allan. Davis hit a fnll .torn from Allan to the grand stand fench for four, bat next ball was smartly stamped by Blackham, and hod to retire witb 32 to bis credit, made by very steady cricket. 8 for 181.' Ned Gregory now appeared on thh scene, and smote Allan to the off for fonr, and to leg for a like number. He aire fait Gnr! rett to leg for a quartette, and 200 went np on the board amidst cheers from all parts of the ground. Changes of bowling were tried, but without bringing about a separation, and princi pally through the hard and vigorous vltline of E. Gregory 230 followed 220 on the board. Horan, at mid-oS, close in, missed an easy chance from Gregory off Garrett, but it didn't gain the bats man nincb, for two or three overs later he wss splendidly caught by A. Banncrman at deep mid- off. 9—33—239. We were very glad to see the back of tbe outgoing batsman. Tooher,_ his suc cessor, was ran oat through the smart fielding of Boyle, and 10 — 1 — 240 was the record that met Tindall's gaze as he emerged from the pavilion to join the crack trnndlsr of New South Wales. Evans now opened hit shonldore, and drove Spofforth to long-on fot _4, and hit htm to leg for a like number, and 250 went up on the register. More changes of bowl ing were tried, hut without effect, and when the stamps were drawn at six o'clock the score stood at 261 for ten wicketa, Evans being (not out) 42, and Tindall (not out) 4. Doubtless we shall have 300 to go against, but on tbo really splendid wicket wo ought to be good enough for that number. Throughout the day not cne ball got breast liieb, and, save an oceasional ball, our bowlers got none of that screw on which proved so destrnctive on tho slow grounds of the mother country. Spofforth so far bas get fonr wicketa for 112 runs off 200 halls, Boyle two for 34, Gar rett 1 for 40, and Allan two for 64. I mav add that all our joints are stiff and soro and our hands blistered from having practised so bard for the last two or three days after a month's rest at sea. Dr. Fortescue, who is attending the unlncky Tasmanian, states tbat it is a simple fracture, bnt that his patient must stay in Sydney for two or throe weeks. Soore :— Frrrsax op Mrw Senra Wilis. Stisslo, u Spollortl; 7 Thompson, b spotforth 1 Sbertuui, o auu b Boyle 41 Seals, b Allan Alln, Ibw. b Spoiffortli 37 Powell, b Spofforth I Geary >> Coylo X Davis, it Hlsekkam, b Allan — Kvsns, notout.. ' 44 Oregnfy. e A. B'auceimau, b Oarrftt .... S ¥ Tovner,'vtmouv 'X Tindall, not on. Lbg-byAs « Ten wlcketetor 261 