jfeira. PREMATURE BURIALS. The difference between death and a state of trance — or, as the Germans put it, Todt and Scheintodt — has never been quite clearly understood by the generality of mankind. Society, which sometimes does its best for the living, does not always do its best for the dead (or those who appear to be dead), and he would be a bold man who, without statistics, should assert that men, women and children are never; by any chance, buried alive in the British Isles. Are the bodies of the poor always examined with oare before burial? Are deaths properly verified in days of epidemio, that is to say, in days of social panic ? I propose in this article to call attention to. a few instances of premature burials on the continent of Europe ; instances which involve stories of tranoe, or Scheintodt — a trance, the semblance of death, holding its sway over the human body for hours and days, and not merely fo-. minutes, as ia the case oi ordinary fainting fits. In days when land is dear, and burial rights are less sacred than tli8 rights of builders and con tractors, coffins have been opened with the pick-axe, in the act of converting cemeteries into streets and gardens. Here a grave has been discovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud ; here a corpse clutching its hair in a strained and unnatural position ; dead men and dead women lying in their graves as dead men never lie in a Christian laiid at the moment of burial. The presumption is that these people have been legally mur dered. A 'few months ago a young and beautiful woman, on the eve of her marriage with the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour hood of Lodi, in Piedment, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. The doctor was of opinion that the girl had died from excitement — over-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being married, but the legal name ior the catastrophe was disease of the heart, and with this verdict her place in society was declared vacant. When the first shovelful of eaVth was thrown down on the coffin, strange noises were heard proceeding therefrom, " as of evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead." The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing ; but the bridegroom, less superstitious than the others, iusisted on the coffin being unnailed. This was done ; but too late ; the girl was. found in an attitude oi horror and pain impossible to describe : lier eyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her hands clutching her hair. Liie was extinct ; but when laid in her shroud the day before, her eyes were closed,, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The " Medical Academy" of Milan, in one of its weekly reports, published on Wednes day, 22nd March, ISIS, quotes a case of trance which occurred 10 an ex-nun of the suppressed couvent of St. Orsola, named Lucia Marini. The lady was taken ill, and, to all outward appearance, died ; she was known to be subject to a peculiar kind of fit, which required peculiar treatment, and was staying at the time of the catastrophe in the li&use; of a friend, who liad been a nun. The bccchini (grave-diggers, who in this case were the undertakers) insisted on burying the body before night ; the surviving ex- nun remonstrated, urging that she must first try the effect of friction and mustard- plasters applied to feet and stomach. Rear ing to lose their fee, the men of death waxed wroth in their contention-, and, seizing the body by the shoulders, were about to drag it out of its bed, when the "dead lady," moaning and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. The friend of Lncia Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by tears ; the men let go their hold, and cue of them (the elder of the two) crossed himself devoutly. The other, with a great oath, declared it was " spasms the dead, in his opiuion, being liable to con vulsive movements if not properly straight ened. But humanity prevailed over igno rance, and cupidity gave way to "medical skill. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medical practitioner of the neighbourhood, and lived for many a long day to tell the story of her escape from the tomb. Another case in point is that of Cardinal Espinosa, some time presideut of Castille. Philip the Second, King ol Spain, one day, in a moment of irritation, addressed him as follows : — " Cardinal, take heed 1 Yoa are . speaking to the President of Castille." The cardinal understood that he was dismissed fns.ru office (the king being his own presi dent), aud fell to the ground as if stunned. The pulse showed no signs of life ; the parted lips emitted no breath — the king's wrath had slain his minister. It was de cided that the unfortunate cardinal should be cut open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and commenced his operations, when, lo ! in the midst of the cutting the patient awoke, and, with soreams of agony attempted to struggle with his operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired before the comforts of religion could be administered to him. In some instances the viotims of trance have been known to rise out of their coffins. A case is recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed in her coffin, in her parents' house, and there kept duly dressed for the grave, with the lid of the coffin still nnnailed. While the family were at supper she appeared in her winding-sheet at the parlour door ; pale and frightened, bnt fair to see, as before her supposed death. Father and 'mother and sisters started up with ories of horror, and rushed ont of the room by another door, believing her to be a gbost. It was only after a long interval, during which they entered and found her at the table, eating and drinking, that they persuaded themselves that the girl still lived. They .found her coffin empty; ergo, the gbost in the parlour was a living sonl I The doctor, the priest, and the undertaker saw the error of their ways, and the deed was cancelled which declared the lady . a corpse. On the following year another deed \vas- made ont for the same lady, and . the same priest officiated, but not the doctor or the undertaker. The lady .was married, and lived to be the mother of many children. But let us go back a century or two in these inquiries. We come upon the story of the Abb6 Pr6v6t, author of " Manon Les- caut," and, earlier still, upon that of Pe trarch. PrevOt was found in a forest, one fine, summer's day, in a state of complete un consciousness. The village dootor, who examined the body, deolared that life was extinct; and commenoed what he was pleased to term. his post-mortem examination. But at the first thrust of the knife the unlucky author uwoke, and, with a piercing shriek, gave "up the ghost. Bruhier, tbe bio grapher of Prevot, deplores this event as a serious loss to literature. " Manon Les- caut," whioh Jules Janin complacently calls the "Paul and Virginia" of vice, might, he opines, have had a successor, if not a rival, from the same pen. Petrarok, when a middle-aged man, lay in Ferrara twenty hours in a state of trance, and was to be buried on tho completion of the time laid t own by law, that i3 to say in jour hoiU'0, 8 anulea ehaaga oi tm perature caused him to start up in his bed. He complained of the draught andreprimanded his attendants. They had allowed a current of cold air to fall on his couch ! Perhaps if the door had been kept shut, the poet, snow ing no signs of animation, would have been bniied that day. Petrarsh would have Been defrauded of a large portion of his life, and the world would have lost, in consequence, some of its finest sonnets. Misson, in his "Medical Anecdotes", tells a story of a lady, who, in 1577, was buried alive in Cologne. This lady was tlie wife of a consul, and was placed in the family vault in gay attire with rings on her fingers and a golden chainround lier neck, as on her weddiug-day. Robbers repaired to her grave at dead of night to steal her jewellery, ami were taking the rings from her fingers, which were damp and swollen, when the lady awoke, and, sitting bolt upright, as if galvanised, stared and smiled at her visitors. One of the three men foil down in a fit, fearing the devil or his agency, and the others took to their heels " as if pursued by fiends." Tbe lady waited home, and was received by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of joy, and lived for many along|day in health and happiness. In the ChurcbgOf the Holy Apostles, at Co logne, is a picture of the consul's wife waking from the tomb, but the event is as cribed to a miracle, and death, not a tr ance, is the subject of the picture. But the resuscitated victims of apparent- death do not always return safe and sound — hale in body and in mind — from the land of shadows. A carabineer in the Pope's ser vice, named Luigi Yittori, was, not long ago, conveyed to the Roman hospital, and there, after a few .days' acute suffering, registered as dead, his disease being " asthma." A doctor, glancing at the body, fancied he de tected' signs of life in it, A lighted taper was applied to the nose of the carabineer ; a mirror was applied to his mouth ; but all without success. The body was pinched and beaten, the taper was again applied, aud so often aud so obstinately that the nose was burnt, and the patient-, quivering in all his frame, drew short spasmodic ' breaths — sure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, that the soldier was not altogether dead. The doctor applied other remedies, and iu a short time the corpse was declared to be a living man. Luigi Yittori left the hospital to resume his duties as carabineer, but bis. nose — a scarred and crimson beacon on his face — told till he died (which was soon after wards) tbe Bad story oi his cure in the very jaws of the giave. Stories are told of men who, after senienco of death at the bauds of the doctors, returned to life blighted in intellect. Some of these victims of medical incapacity were men of position in society, but others — the great majority — were poor aud friendless. Hos pital cases have principally to do with the poor, and in hospitals in warm countries, patients who show signs of approachiug dissolution are quickly disposed of. Camilio de Leilis, the founder of an order of hospital monks, or brothers of charity, speaks in his memoirs of ' the frequency of premature burials in Italy. " Ah, merciful God !" be exclaims piously, " how many living men and women are annually taken to their graves m this Christian country !" Camilio was oi opinion that the victims might be numbered by many scores — nay, by hundreds — iu the oourse of a single year. One day, after visiting the beds of the sick in a certain hospital in Lombardy, oi which the a erne has been left in blank, Camitio entered the morgue, and iound strewn upon the floor a great number of corpses, one of whicu was bleeding profusely from the head. A dead mau cannot- bleed in this way, thought Camilio, and had the body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive, and but for an accident would have received burial. He had been thrown to the ground with some violence a a short time previously, aud then and there receiving tho wound above alluded to," recovered consciousness. But he only sur vived his sentence of death three days ; he died of tbe blow which had awakened him from his trance. But there are double deaths — twofold burials — which are perhaps the most horrible of all. Society thinks it is burying one per son, but tbe " deceased," being a woman, may from the point of view of maternity include two lives, or even more. Gasparo Rejes tells tbe story of a child born in the toipb whose mother was buried alive. The lady was the wife of a man of property named Francesco Orvallos, and "died," while far advanced in pregnancy, during her husband's absence. Orvallos, returning home the day after the funeral, had the tomb opened, not because he suspected ioui play, but because he wished to gaze once more on tbe face of his beloved. Tlie lady was iu truth dead, but death had tianspired in the grave. A child, struggling into existence, met the gaze of the bereaved hus band, and was removed without difficulty by a medical assistant. The mother was once more consigned to the dust, but the chiid lived to be a man, and carrying till Lis death the name of "Fruit of the Earth," occupied for several years the post of lieutenant-general on the frontiers of Gherez. This story is reproduced by the late professor Coini in his treatise on " Apneology." Those who doubt it have only to read tbe following account of what is called " Involuntary Homicide," which happened in the South of Italy (at Castel del Giudice) in November last, and of which accounts were published at the time in the Neapolitan and English papers. 