LE CHIEN D'OR-* EV THE AUTHORS OF " .READY-MONEY MOB TIBOV," &C.; CHAPTER II. It is five months later. We are at the New Year, the time when the habitants, who have, to be sure, nothing else to do in the winter, spend a whole fortnight in visiting, receiving visits, and running from house to house; and we are at the residence of M. de Mont magny, father of the sweet and tender i Clairette. He is a Canadian of the second generation, the son of one of those who came out hoping to iind in New France that toleration for their religion which they could not find at home. The toleration offered was a choice between persecution within the palisades of Quebec or sleeping outside. This disagree able position led to the reconsideration on the part of most heretics in the colony of their religious convictions. Gradually the arguments of the Catholics were found to have so much more weight, that every Huguenot who had not crossed over the St. Lawrence and gone into New England became a disciple of the old faith, and there were no more heretics, Huguenots, doubters, or freethinkers left in the colony at all. And to this day, if such there be amongst the French, needs must they hide their heads or go about in [disguise. M. de ALontmagny is a son of a Huguenot 6migr6. Philippe d'Estrce is a grandson of one of the fust Frenchmen who landed with Champlain. The young Chevalier de la Pirade is the son of one of the latest settlers. Besides the advantage of being nearer to France in the number of years of separation, the chevalier has the additional advantage, as we have seen, of having actually been in Paris. He has, therefore, the true French air, and hardly disguises his'contempt for the provincialism of the seigneurs with whom he has to associate. Also, he has yet to discover that a few years of colonial life make him as sober and as sedate as M. de Montmagny himself. He must, he knows, sooner or later settle down in the colony, upon the lands over which his father now reigns. As for his moral character, he is a man who has imbibed the vices as well as the manners of the court; his talk" sparkles, but it is cold; he dazzles) but he does not inspire confidence; he eclipses the simple Canadian gentleman, like Philippe d'Estr^e, but he does not supplant him in the regard of others. ' i During the last five months the friendship of the two young men towards each other has been gradually growing feebler, until it has j been replaced by an unspoken hostility. With the arrival of the .New year this feel ing has gradually ripened into a passion of active hatred on the part of the chevalier, and a stern determination in a certain direction on that of Philippe. There were, of course, other Teasons for this hostility besides the offensive air 6f superiority which the young soldier gave himself. There was, to begin with, jealousy. Philippe's suspicion was well founded; the eyes of the chevalier fell upon Clairette with admiration which rapidly, grew into love; he made no secret of his passion, and while Philippe silently waited i hoping that a favourable time would shortly come for addressing M. de Montmagny, the chevalier went about the city wearing Clairette's colours, toasting Clairette, ana ' singing the praises of Clairette's beauty. As regards the girl, Bhe carried herself with the demureness of a properly brought up young lady. No doubt if was pleasant to be the object of such enthusiastic admiration from the most splendid of the young cavaliers about the court of M. de Frontinac. No doubt, too, she admired in return the che valier's gallant manner, his d%sh, his bril liancy, and the easy confidence of his'Con versation. But as for him, one does not know. For, on the other hand, she knew, pretty well that Philippe loved her, and fresh from the convent as she was, sh6 suspected that his love was not quite of the fraternal kind, albeit steady, well-disciplined, and silent. She trusted Pliilippe, too, and there were rumours afloat about the private life .of the chevalier which made her feel a little doubt ful of his constancy. Young girls, however, think little of constancy. But Philippe she knew that she could trust implicitly and .always. He was, as everybody admitted, a young man of exalted principles, who wanted nothing but a year or two at court to make him bs superior to the chevalier in manner as hi certainly was in all solid qualities. But as for love, she had nothing to do with it; young ladies in Canada had their- husbands chosen for them, dutifully fell in love with the young man of their parents' selection, ~ gave, their hearts where they were commanded, and obeyed their parents until they obeyed their lords; and tne system worked Very well and "gave no troijble. There is another consideration ih matters concerning marriage arrangements- that of property. Philippe had lana ih plenty, bat it was of poor quality, and cultivated over a veryjsmall proportion. M. de Montmagny's estate was better situated and of better soil; consequently hp was richer. But this in equality might have foisen overlooked. What was ja great# danger was the fact that the chevalier was the son of the richest seigneur in the whole jwovince. Hisfather's lands in fllA IflU mhtyk hae CI- * \L f fJO UfOCD VUT" hMb^ purchaeed by the proprietor! of «. The ras ever Canadian festivitv ^ >ut the presence of fae with, vhite-haired, but hale; -the ofcfin"^ 1'PPe and the chevalier. They teiu?1®- phi old Canadian times: of the mnri^116' of good father LaSlement, the maasX*0? o£ habitants by Indians, and especial «?of th& Lachme massacre; the defeat ofthB w ^ seven or eight years before, the prosperity ot the colony, stories of S prowess in the cliasseoi the hew expeditions up the rivers in search .Some evil genius possessed th« ni?; T9 that night. He openly scoffed at fc ec his rival said; he questioned his ass^ Vec he looked incredulous when he C01!8 '> narrations ; and he rudely interrnnSSY1"8 M. de Montmapy nottao5¥ah feeling between the two yoime mpn iv, 7,1^ nothing of what seemed to Him on terous raillery. To Philippe, howCW*18' not raillery at all but insult; his rival ^ making him appear ridiculous befoiw?8? rette. He made no reply, or the Br***1" as the chevalier grew more w&KSffc; his attacks, but his face clouded ove? the priest, who knew him well saw nc misgiving that all was not well two young men. At 9 they WS «. cording to the comfortable doctrine n? ?¥* French Canadian, that early to bed Llf9 candles. WTea The chevalier eat upon the bed in w room, thinking, What, a clumsy, coloS hobereau was this d Estree, compared i,: self ? He to have the fair ^lairette ? NevmJ His father should at once make the necessaw overtures ; he would marry her withi* . month ; he would take her back to' Fran!*, she Bhould shine at court. Meantime he on«t begin to undress and get to bed. Then hi, door opened, and Philippe d'Eatrfo came in By the light in his eyes, the chevalier knew what was coming. * '' I thank you, said Philippe, in a voice m low that it was almost a whisper. " i twT you for the insults which you have be«n good enough to heap on me this day. I no® come to tell you what I could not tell vT before ladies.' "I understand perfectly," said the Che. 1 valier, rising. " When, Monsieurd'Estr6e and - where?" 1 '{ It i8 only a question of a few daw1 i .. py. . uara difference," said Philippe. "I had made up my mind that so long &a; I live whatever decision her father should make' you should not marry Clairette. That being so, I should have been obliged to insult yoj on 6ome pretext. Now I am not good at pre tence, not like you gentlemenof Parismannera. I cannot make up a lie cleverly. I shoaS most certainly have spoiled it all by Boma gauclverie. I thank you, therefore, again, for saving"me this trouble and vexation. Wo will fight, Monsieur, now. If you vrillpet, mifc tne to lead the way J" " VoluntierSf" replied the other, gaily,1 1 It is a fine night, but cold. That, however, makes no difference. Bah! - tve shall be warm enough presently." He threw his fur coat round him, tool: his sword and prepared to follow his chid, lenger. " Lead on, Monsieur. In aileuce if you please." Doors in Canada were never locked,becaass there was no one to fear except Indians, Bnj doors 'Witt not Btop them. And at' "the moment there was' little- cause-for fe# of Indians, the Hurons being already nearly ei« termitiatedj mid the Algonquine either driven far aw^^r^'th^FfencheettlementB ortte reduoad-tO live in small camps, fishing and hunting peacefully, Phflippe then led the way, fltealingooise- j leBsly offet the boards to'the kitchen, through , which there was a back way out of the hosse. Onteide it was a'clear moonlight iugtit, with out a breath of air to rustle tnebongb of to pines against each other. The snow lay thick and soft bqneath the feet. 4t was eo clear andbrij^ thatthe two young" toen who *ere thurstfialmfc *orfcl1 to ^ could scfe$o pldy "their inuxderotiB^nie asT j act if it tad been broad daylight. The house was ftilhin half a mile rf the Palls of .MontmorencL Youcould hear as ybu stood outside the door the raging and the .roaring of th& waters as they leaped ovet the precipice into the dark circular pool two or three hunc'r<j«! teet below. But what wb a pool of whirling water in summer was no* a meat cone of ice rifling dafly higher,- I&ter; gener&twm; wotiM look on the Falls of. Montmorencias . furnishing theip: with the most slopes for those toboggans of .which therare so fopcL Ini697, people to'Qnebeclneff d Montmorenci juBt as m Londonpeop'«® the same time might have known otwT; mere and Wastwater, as a name. The wo you.nc men whowalked through the torest cuMed bt Philippe, were to a -limitfed extent open_to the scenery a thsng to tmnaapoufc stood on the westpm ebff the iallB, they might have murderous-intentions inwwofth«^ God,' and gorie home humbled and , T»" Jnrntoa Wi< ureat giant,' ponred the &ooaoi;^ ^ morenci'Biver.' On leaped ^a table of rock, between whipo aad, .» the perpendicular » : has [been; 'n«eriie pool, beyond wwch now worthed 'by this moored, so toape^, npSi which Btohd ^ ini .res, terraces, of:; the® (sed, ready to thephlp9^_ r. 'Then there ^JrTloa^^ Zawrenoeandthej^f690141 not be$iw - ^faae i?S* rt"! Yet, flow before the cllureet satisfied. , e npon both & ^^lAiSed tie moon .iSf'SS A «**&*.*»* J en the chevalier,takmg ^ 8fcy Igs »5n«'pS»», -i *?» "rorf "&«* s£TA£tsa^"1 pinning aW?iLnsible-and a good scout. He ",caii9 reprehe"® and stoo| befpre Ins. ad .AO fearless, *. lipitintr &s; culm^y ^ if he tad been pi" J ing q{ the 0id school. And alter the °ld. n" the neweat dodges (lie chevalier . master. One, two, a [{the Parisian fenc g uarte_what xa it ? hereqand there swiftly ? lis Wade iif he withasudden lunge, it ?dividing the air, « )jo'dy of his adversary, and ?passes through hj bleeding fast to Phil!1,pVhe chevalier draws the sword out T^eldCJends over his fallen enemy. LarefuUyi £?rtuuate seigneur does not speak. i;fl:ioUsefCtes.gThe chevalier bends Ever him murmnra, and is dead. . | ''Clair,fP nhevalier put on his cloak again, iu thesaow'aud lliejian to think' GXfremely awkward. 1'he1F°f to iTe sme 'vas Jart of a gentle Duelling, to he , QU dernand was roan s P[° *aiT Bui then, to go out of al.solutelj, neces J q{ njyht) and ju 8UCh a the ll0US® ,jVqnadian night in mid-winter Bigfi'hta?Ml his ol<!friend and school o light a aue j without known '*^1T = S5eSle ,hi..g to have pr0,111 Certainly Clairette might not like it v ikelv Sr father would not like it The \ery vo, hnd so far advanced in the know f fSf the world as to be actually callous as £fartof the death. He fought his man; i iiS liifi man; very well, all was right, S ng to the laws of honour. But how out explaining in the morning ? K ind then a temptation seized the young Kan He would say nothing about it. Once ",er' the precipiece which, overhung the cataract, the body of the slain man would be carried down the St. Lawrence far, far awa^ 3 out to sea, and would never more be Found to accuse bun of the death. Ilt was a simple thing to do. He reeled the iody, stiffening in death, over till it was on ,e verse of the cUff, and then because to ookorerinto their white depths, to'catch St of the moonlit sheet, tearing for eVfer ' md ever downwards, was mote than his jerves could bear, lie broke a short dead pranch from a pine, and with an effort puBhed [he body of his old schoolfellow over the cliff. The roaring waters were the dirge of ? -oor Philippe; the moon and the stars were. Ke witnesses of the deed. _ ir 1 ' B Then the chevalier felt himself lonely, and, ?coking about him, shuddered.' . Could he ? Bnd his way back to the habitation ? It was very light, and the footmarks were slain in the snow. Once or twice the thought ;rossed him that there were six feet instead if four, but he put aside the suspicion; how :ould there be? ?>' . ? ? It seemed an hour before he tracked his jay back, crept in at the open door,, anld. iought his room. Next to that chamber was -the room in which the dead man was to have Slept. But the chevalier had small acruples Kbout ghosts. He had fought an honourable fiuel, he said to bimself; lie had killed his nan. Good. He might himself have been . dlled. Honourable ghosts do. not trouble -entlemen for such trilles. So he tuvdresaed _ leisurely-the warmth' of the house was -pleasant after that-cold quart d'heure on the ^dge of the cliff-and went to bed. In the morning he awoke with a disagree able thought Those feet would be tracked in the snow. After all, he would have. to $ell, |tbe whole story.< Then again, however, fortune befriended; him. In the early morning a light wind from' the north-west sprang :up, bringing with it some clouds, and then a heavy ftuL ; _ It was supposed at breakfast that Philippe Hiad gone back early to walk to Quebec: ?here was a good road all .the ^vay; i,t waa Tmly eight miles, and no opjewap in, the least liBturbed. The chevalier, gay .and; brilliant, Bjaid many excellent things, and grevy in avow with both the seigneur and madame. Clairette, in maidenly guise, sat still and said nothing. After breakfast she washed up the wshe8, a Bervice at the. sight of which the chevplier,. thinking of the fine ladies of Paris, secretly groaned and shuddered. ,. j But where was Philippe? . , ? ! n;ZT^ere 'meWi He had passed the 1 mg&t; at Moutmorenci; he waa not there in . therefore he must have left miy, j. th,e track through the forest vas clear d broad; a child could not have,lost him rSf lownhv 8on' might , have propped ileen (15 ^ soiaU^n,into , the ?hp n^ which there is no. waking.' But found him, ' And presently, in a she mnal0^ j'^P.P6 «une Ptwk no more, nP ber mind that he must have, Modern ^imer ,}Pknown path to Heaven, wd R K A°1 ^ethim' ^ *°S wth KomSrS* , then: Jean d'Estrta the ^drfaSddv6" n?Tthe Seifneor de St. H^th tip. °. magnificent dtxaas B^age to till he should come ?eXS&W; to the old Count. Hplace. ^ to reign in his brother's BfPs&Hmrww;^6 on® or two things ot He h ffiKh^riase of the Chefalier ?Hontma^r® Mademoiselle Clairette de.: ie ^ Quebec. The aavArnor.» -SOID»i litiw b«a his brother's rival, and had now carried off the bride who should^ hqve been hiB| and in some <iueer, unintelligible, way, connected him with his brother's death. It was after the wedding was over, after the young married pair had gone to France, that Jean d'Estrde received news which set his blood coursing in hiB veins, turned sus picion into Certainty, and the dull feeling of hatred into the active resolve,on revenge. . There was an old Red Indian, one of that almost extinct race of Algonquins, who lived about the estate of Montmorenci. Sometimes he disappeared for months together, going off to live as he only knew. Then he would come back, bringing fish up to the habitation for sale, ask for work in chopping wood, and hang round for a few weeks till his nomad instincts sent him forth again to wander about the streams and woods. This man, a silent, reserved man of the forest, had taken a strange fancy to Jean d'Estree. Perhaps the beetle-browed boy was as silent as him self. Anyhow, the two would go out together Bpearing fish, or taking the canoes from one portage to Another, in search of minks, beaver, and bear. They would pass weeks together in this pursuit, without perhaps speaking a word to each other. Jean liked conversing when it was necessary in simple signs. But one evening, being then camped for the night on the banks of ihe River Ottawa, the redskin told a strange story. He related how, one cold night in winter, three or four years ago. he, being about to coil himself up in his blankets iii a wood Bhed belonging to the Seigneur lie Mont morenci, was awakened by voices belonging to men coming out of the Seigneuj'B house ; how, with the caution of his race, he arose and followed their voices through the wood, how he crept after the steps of the two whose trail he kept until he found them on the edge of the cliff over the cascade, ani saw that they were about to fight. j Then Jean became interested, i The fight, he said, did not last many mo ments, before one fell with the Bwt>rd of the other through the heart. And then, with the graphic po|ver which all savages possess-it consists ! more in pantomime than in words-he described how the survivor, after standing for a few mo ments in thought, rolled the body; over th cliff, and returned home. " But, Monsieur Jean," said the Indian, " I went back the next day. Ani I found the dead man's sword and the dove of the other. And I have them still" | " Where are they?" asked Jean.; " Hidden. Under the Falls |of Mont morenci. Where there is a caie in the rock, and in front of the cave a walof falling water. That is where I sleep aonetimes in summer. Come with me. there J Monsieur Jean, and I will show them to you" Jdan Was eager to get back; he gare his com panion no rest until he agreedlto return. They sped in their , birch canoa down the broad Ottawa ; they passed that Hpyal Mount, where now Btands the most stately city of America, as Quebec is the most picturesque ; they fotuid their way through th« Thousand Islands, and crept along the bfink of the mighty river until they reached Qiebec. In the early morning, at dafcreak, the Indian showed Jean d'Estree tie relics of that mysterious fight. They ccasisted of a. swdrd and a clove. But the swdrd was that which had belonged to his brothjr Philippe; aqd the glove was one which he knew to h*\te belonged to the Chevalier |e la Pirade, because it was decorated witbf the.' ribbon which he called the colours of lis mistress, aoc^ <he had caused to be woan in parti-. coloured silk thread upon it jier name Clalrette. So that now Jean d'ifcree had no doubt- . His brother was dead ;he had been slaih by the Chevalier de la Pirale. 