[?] 'HE WINS WHO WAITS.' BY G-ROSVUJlsrOR BUNBTER, Author of ' John Horton's Ward,' Mark Felton,' ' The Beet Man Wins,' . ' Caleb Thornton,' &o.; CHAPTER XX.— [Continued.) I ' Meanwhile Captain Bath had carried Bertha, and her maid — for anoh the excellent fellow had constituted Maria Pipps — to pleasant lodgings in the yioinity of Highgate. She had; three apportments in a pretty cottage, standing in the midst of a blooming gardep of roses, heleotropes, geraniums, and tho' like';; and the child was touohed to notice how like this garden was to that whioh srirrcunded their own pretty cottage nedr Chester. 'Captain Bath was slightly I sensible of this, and reminded her of the likeness. ... ' ' It' will, maybe, do yon Rood sometimes, my';deaiy' said he, ' to look eont on these . hyar .posies' and think of your old hum. Don't1, yon- fear. That hum ' will be ; yours agin. 'I reokon, when we get MSster Ned baok.' Pqdrf'Bertha: sighed as 'she wondered whether tffat happy time would eVer arrive. But youth is hopoful, and the novelty and exoitement of her new. position Boon dissi pated any gloomy' thoughts. . And thus the . oap'tain:left her to/arrange with his friend for . her iritrbdnotion fo her employer. To his 'surprise his friend took him to Highgate also, to a house not far from that in .which be had lodged -Bertha. This waB bo far satisfactory. . Bat when the lady of the house stood before him, and he diB covered' in' her no .other than Ada Laplace, he uttered an. ejaculation of wonderment. ' ' Bakes,' cried ho, ' Miss,; Laplaoe.l' Wall, du say.' . ' ' Ada - Laplace smiled sadly. She : was dressed -in mourning. The grand beauty whioh she bad bonated when last the oaptain had, Been her had passed away. ' Her face was now pitted by the marks of that terrible . Boourge of beauty— tho small-pox.' But her , . eyes' we're still as brilliant as before, though with a lesser light of sweetness and resigna tion, and her glorious hair was still her] own. ' You recognise' me, then;' said she, as the oaptain shook her hand. !.' 'I du,' said the captain, Bimply.-'TJiere' \- ain't no other woman in all London has got your chair; nor, for that matter, eyes' neither.' She burst out laughing as she turned 'to the gentleman who had introduced, the .oaptain.- ? 'You see, Mr. Banger, that I have still an admirer !' 'I agree ,witb him,' said Mr; Banger, a brisk -little -man, wearing speotaoleB, and with, a bald.head, 'To me you are still as beautiful as- 'yon- 'were when empress of the stage.' ? ' Come, coirie: this is high-flown,' oriedMiss' Laplace. ' Bnf jet';ris to other matters than that of my poor scarred face.' ' 'Brit ain't you 'rioting n^ow?' asked the oaptain. - ' '' i ' ' No; no,' Bhe answered, with a slight1, shudder, ' all that is 'passed for ever. And now Ilead'a sweeter, more'' contented life than when my whole, thought was applause and praise:' ? ' ' Wall; I ben understand that,' said the eaptain.'M' I'm , sorter {New England in my notions' of stage business; don't eeem to me the right: thing for women. Then what, if I ... ' . mayinake so bold, what du yon du rieow?' 'Iwite forijournals and^periodicalB.' ?'Story books and seoh ?' :said the'oap tain. - 'Same 6b Mr. Banger hero.' 'Yes.. Anctnowwhatabouttbeyoung lady?'' '-Wall,'.' said the captain, ' thoughtlully, , stroking his chin; 'I didn't, speok'late, I reckon, that it was you she' was 6omih' tu. There's'' a lot: I'd - like : to say, youknow,' »f0W.'' r- : : ' 'i. ? 'What you^ will,' Baid Mies Laplace,' with a ;smile. M But, I think vou can take the-word of my 'friend, Mr.-) Banger; that the young lady would be happy with me.' — : 'iTetohl'.1 .interrupted the oaptain; ' Tain't that. But you see, it's a sorter fir; - The child is yo.ong Haaingtpn's. sweetheart.!',. ? ? The fao'e of 'the authoress grew pale, but ? . ?? she said.: , . 'Theoreolof' 'Ay, the gal -I » told- . 'yori,,of when you went eout to' Melbourne with -me.' ' And she has need of work now T' ' Yes. The old man is dead; and there's some -fix 'about the property heleftbehind m What yoR -J^i.' tola-/ me, 1i\s'aid TMiBs: Laplace, eagertyJwriiakdBme moat arlxioua to see.'hor.', $$t .o^e'^before yotf'bringjlier;, it is necessary that I should relate to you some aooount of the manner in whioh Mr. Harrington . and., I were placed, Doubtless she, has heard.' 'That's jest it.. She has not. - But sho kinder'knowa enough, you B^e, to make her; ft little ;touohy gn the point,' and tho ?Upper,, fidgetted with his big feet.: Mr. Ranger, looking through his spectacles, and listening with surprise, perceived that this' waa no matter fora third person's preaence. 80 , Be bade them good-day, saying that the natter was now in tbe captain's handq. ' Miss \- Z«plaae, however, said : 'Pray, don't go, Mr. - Ranger.; ;B-ay , to luobeon. If you'll turn into my library, , «nd look over my last proofs, I should take it as kind,' and she laid her' long, delicate band upon tho other's arm, and smiled with all her old sweetness. The captain, looking down at her hand, noted a maBsive ring upon one finger : : : ? ? 1 ' 1 ' Sakes,' Baid he, ' that's real grand.' ; 'It iB conoemed with my Btory,' she said. 'Listen V— and she nodded to ! Mr. Banger , as he ambled from the room, the. ideal of an intellectual tomtit in pantaloons. Then Bhe told the story as wo know it. The oaptain listened intently, Burprised, excited. ?? ? ?; ' Iknow the man,' he oried, as Bhe con cluded. 'I know the man — a dollar to a red cent.' , . ' And I also,' was the answer, gravely. 'It was the man you knew aBVickers— whose name is LasoaBsas.' 'Hal' said thejoaplain. f'lgueesyouknew him afors. You wasn't strange, I notioed, nor madam either.' 'YeB, we knew him before,' Baid the woman, sadly ; ' God knows we did,' and she oovered her eyes with her hand. Again Oaptain Batlinoticed the ring. He started. 'Sakes,' he muttered, 'that's the ring. Then you got it back from the thief.' 'Yes,' she answered, solemnly, 'it was recovered from the thief. If I were to tell you by what ogenoy — as I feel and know the truth — yon would not believe.' ' Wall,' aaid the oaptain, 'I'm not given to goin' the hull aligater in belief. But I shouldn't doubt your truth in tellin' me.' ' Then listen. Bo you believe in com munication from tbo spirit world f' ' Sartain,' said he, calmly. ' I've seen a heap of ghosts in my time.' And he looked searohingly at her. 'Not three months; ago,' Baid Ada Laplace, ' as I sat in the evening, writing, tbeie'came to me a presence whioh I felt and knew, but conld not see. . Had this been all, I should have doubted. But I felt— I swear it is the truth— a shadowy hand upon, my brow. My eyes olosSd under the resist less pressure. For some momentB I Bat thus— a ohill running through my blood— a feeling which I cannot desoribe ruling my being. Presently, with a start of relief, and a sense of warmth inspiring me, I awoke from this condition. .And. there, as I solemnly swear to you, lay this ring.' 'Wall,' said Captain Bath, who had listened quietly, ' 'taint eout of reason. Thar s somethin' consarning that thar ring mor nor omary.' ' True,' murmured the woman, abstract edly, 'more than ordinary. You are right. But now,' she went on, with an effort, ' you have heard my story. The crime whioh bo nearly brought Mr. Harrington to ruin was certainly the work of Vickers or LasoassaB. If he did but know that she' who waB his victim was his aunt !'? ' What ?' ' Yes ; it is true. ' I know it. But this is beside the question. And now; as you know all, are yoa satisfied to let thig child come to me?' . .. . , ' Quite,' waB the answer. ' I will bring her to you at once,' and he arose with the decision of one who had made up his mind and meant to act. ' Soon he returned, bringing Bertha, with him. The girl looked quiokly at the woman. Then, as though bysome sudden instinot, they read eaoh other's thoughts, eaoh turned and embraced: What is this mysterious sym pathy whioh 'so often actuates us, and by which we are attracted or repeUed ? ' My dear girl,' :said Ada Laplace, 'I shall do my best to make you happy.' ' I am sure of it,' was Bertha's anBwer ; ' there is that in your face which tells me 'so. And'I, on myipart, shall strive to merit your confidence.' ' The skipper standing .by, and, as was his wont, thoughtfully, stroking his chin, mut tered : ? 'Animal' magnetism, I guess. ' Wail,'' there's a deal in seoh matters we know nothin' abeout, and so wo laugh at 'em ;' and with this he followed tho ladies into' the' lunoheon-room. i It was a bright and. pleasant room its appointments telling of the taste of its mis tress. The repast was as eloquent. It is by suoh' scatters .that we read the character ; and Bertha, noting everything around with that quick appreciation ^hioh 'was an ele ment of her nature, and whioh delighted in warmth, craoe, and light, felt more than ever asattred that she and Miss Laplace would be happy in their relations. . A . ' ' CHAPTER XXI. O M X N O IT S ' NEWS. \- Mr. Todd, junior, -fairly furnished with means by his indulgent father, established himself in very .cosy chambers in the neigh-; bourbood of Clement's Inn.: . He had at first a faint idea of studying for the law, with the ultimate purpose of becoming; Lord Chan cellor of England, and so raising the mis tresB of his heart to a high sooial .station. But this idea was abandoned.by. Todd; junior, when, having communicated it to Mr. Ghum ple, that personage pointed out that close study over misty law books invariably im perilled the use of spectacles at an early age, , and developed' orowsfeet, wrinkles, and Buch like enemieB to personal appearance , as were ill-fitted to attraot a young and beautiful, woman. Whereat Todd, junior, wagged his nose and chin in a very Punch-like manner, and'gave up all notion of the Lord Chancel-., Iorship. 1: ,, : | Abandoning an^bition in this direction, he entered upon its path in another: He here again adopted the advice. of tbe wily . Obum ple, and, devoting himself to the Btudy of, at tire, the airs of the great dandieB he met in; the Bow, the parks, and the streets, Boon be came the model of a man about town. Also,, he took to certain tastes whioh, though little' , consonant with his natural weaknesses, ;were nevortheloss— sb jnrged by;M*» ;Obumpier-. the tastes'oi young gentlemen' of standing in. ? sooiety. ,i ... ..' ' You see, sir,' said Mr. Ohumple, as 'he; ono , mosning brought his master .a joram of /sodaand brandy— for Todd, jon!or,.lia4i ' fallen npon dissipation the previous niglit— 'ia; young .gentleman a's'; is;' not fly to the '.ways of long' .pan hardly ? be., supposed to stand a clidnbe with them that is. .Now. this here young lady bein', as I judge.aygting lady of aperrit, vill natterally. ldpk'jto sperrit in, him as' seeks' her ^ 'afieqtione.' '.You sli6uld;let her see 'youi Mr, on 'orseback bcdaBidnaUy.r or strollin* in fashionable style along the street, and let .her see by your , hair.janc|' style,, siri as y ou, knows what, tlie world is.'. ; 1 Mr. Ohiimple' turned away - and 1 bestowed a wink upon himself, in approval of hit pwn eloquence. ^ Todd, junior;) whose. -natural in-, stinois led to simplicity,, aqd avbidedjhe glare and feveriBhi lolly of -what,. laBt young nien. 'called life, .was, nevertheless, muchiinpresBod' by Mr. Olimnple'a . worldly wisdom. And so he would aftire himseUl.after the- model of .'tho ' 'swell ^guardsman -be! [Observed, in . the . I'streets, andmount;ng ahpraei a leat.he only, learned with muoh,labour and perBeve'ranoe. at. a neighbouring riding Eohuol, he- would; prance np.to^ therdoor of Bertha's oottag'ej arid^^th^ra . .'.inquire after .her , health, or. deHver, some 'message from' his mother.' Bertha^.ofbourseV'Underatpod.theyouth's pretenccs. j. But,, she was honestly ,seiy 'friendly :to.,Topdf; junior,' who- had, proved so staunoh and , triie ; - end albeit .she could iiot avoid an ooQasional laugh at, Todd, junior's* wagging nose and faahianable smirk as h«. approached the' house. She was always ready with »?. smile and graoioui words. Thus, then, Todd junior's hopes re Tived ; and this ariilsg muoh but of Mr,., ChumpIbMocunsel, that perspnage's influence' j and wages were .naturally , very ' 'much' 1 augmented, i, ' '?? -..-i-i'') ' 1 , 1 In the meantime,' however, it mnst''be'f 'J confessed that Todd, junior; fell1 into evil' ways.' (Habit, as we know, is a great master.; - and the hibits which the young man now j acquired in his pursuit of fashionable dis-' ( sipation— as neoeBsary to fashionable dis; tinotion — were not of a character to give his r] parents, had 'they known the truth, a very | favourablo impression - of their offspring's ' stability of character. Mr. Todd, junior, in- , deed, having' fallen in with a fast set, had , beoome surprisingly well-informed-in fast ways, bo that, within six months of his resi dence in London, he was in tbe habit of giving little Buppers to certain ladies' and gentlemen whose lax notions and moralities would have shocked Todd, senior, more than' he bad ever been surprised by. the explosion of his own torpodoes. ; Itlhappened that Yiokers, being in London, and pressed for money, oame aoross Mr. Todd, junior, as that young gentleman, com-' ing home from the opera, was having a row with a caUman. Yiokers, settling the matter by a prompt and friendly interference, was thanked by Todd, junior, with effusive grati tude. ' Cards were exchanged: The' next day the gentlemen met. - Did Yiokers know so and so 1 Enow them. He should think so. They were as brothers and sisters. Would Mr. Viokers then honour Mr. Todd,' junior, by his presence at a little supper at; his rooms that evening. Mr. Yiokers would be delighted. And so, that evening, among the com pany of actresses and their oavalierB, Mr. Vickers found 0, place. . It Mr. Todd, junior, had been an observant young man he might have Been that some very signifi cant glances passed between : the ? men when Mr. Vickers was announced by. Mr. Chumple, and that, among the ladies a .certain flatter was perceptible, suck as occurs in a dove-cote when a hawk is seen aloft, ready poised for a descent upon its occupants. . ; But Mr. Vickers, whatever he might think of the manner of the reception, gave no indication of its effect upon him. He was as easy and composed as ever, saluting several of the gentlemen by familiar names, and doing the like by some of the ladies. It was evident by the manner of those so favoured that Mr. Vickers was a: little more feared than liked. As he would have himself argued, this was just the position for a man of the world to be placed in. ' ' And -where have, you been these many months, Mr. . Vickers ?' asked one. stout gentleman, a leading heavy man at ono of the London theatres. / .. 'My good Podgy,' said Mr. Viokers, picking at a fowl's wing, ' how you talk. , One would think that I possessed. f-ne. of those mechanical, memories .-which, *1 understand; are. bo useful in your, profes sion. I have been 'everywhere— to Paris,, Borne, Florence, .yienna, Praguer-ayy to Constantinople iteelf.'V, ;? .'i. ...... 'Loid 1' said Mr., Todd; junior., ^'Wbat a lucky fellow I' - ... . ' Don't think it, my , dear,' sir,'.' said Vickers. ,' Travel is a grest bore. .1 tried , America two years back, was wrecked and carried to . Australia. That . was. slightly , exciting.' -- Wrecked 1' echoed the company. ^ : : 'Ay, in the Hellespont. You may re; member hearing:of it.' ' God bless me !' exclaimed Todd,. junior.; , 'This is, very singular.' 'In what respect, Mr. Todd ?' , ': . '.'Well, I. don't' mean that it is exaotly. ? singular,, you know. — a sort of- coincidence.' . ' Why, were you, , too,, wreokedP' asked' Viokers.;,. 'I don't remember.!! . r'; ' Me!' Oh; no; not at all. ...Only I know : a young lady who had, a cousin in that vessel, and he, too, 'was carried to' Aus-. -tralia.' . . . ' / ; .' i.-; v ? ^'Inconvenient cousin: Mr. Todd,?' cried a fair. actresB. 'He should hive been, drowned.' 1 j ; : - , ' Not at all,' eaid Todd, junior. 'Butthe' fact is, I take some interest in the— the— ' young lady; youknow.'' ?? ^ 1 'Doubtless,' murmured- the company,: significantly, leaving Mr. Todd blushing : and perspiring. ' What was our 'oousiu'a name, sir?' asked Vickers. '?'? '? ' : ' , ?' Harrington, sir — Mr. Edwarcl Harring ton.' . ' : ; Not even Mr; Vickers', powers of s'elf--' com'mand: could quite control the pallor whioh' 'grew into his' face 'as he heard1 thiB.'' ?'- ; ' . . ' 'I knew him,' he said. ; ' In, ,faot, he ?was a sort of oomrado'of mine. ? But, poor fellow, he got into some scrape about an aotress arid, her jewellery, arid' left for' New Zealand. You may have heard' of herj A Miss Ada Laplace,' he, went on, look ing around at the company., ; . ' Of course,' assented several, and then Todd, junior, eagerly stuttered, ' That's it. That's tho .lady by whom my— no, the young lady I take a sort of interest in, you -know— is employed.'—', , ' ' ? ; ' ' Eh !' said Vickers. , 'No. Ada La place die^df small-pox at' Bio Janeiro.', . , V Not a bit of it,' Baid the stout actor, glad of an opportunity to 'contradict' ono .who had so familiarly, addressed him as Podgy. 'Not a bit of it. I saw her this .very day. Sho don't apt ; now, , though. Beauty gone — eyesight bad, and all that.' j «!Do you- mean to say,' oried Viokers,' sternly, :';that , Ada Laplace,- the actress, is herp in London ?V ?? - { 1 ? ?? i' ?' L ' {Ti' be continued.) .. ?? 