This day’s events:- Bachelder’s Pantascope (Cha let’s benefit), at the Mechanics’ Institute; Public Library Bazaar, Alfred-hall; City Rowing. Club’s scratch fours, Like Wendoures; cricket, match, second elevens of .<Btiscoe : C.G. (Melbourne) and 8.C.C., Eastern 0va1... We are compelled to hold over pur. leading matter and several letters and articles, for want of space. ; To-day.-is the- thirty-seventh anniversary p£ the Prince of Wales’ Birthday, and though it is usually observed as a close holiday, this year'will, be an ex ception, as the day happens ,to, be a Saturday, when business people can ill ’afford to close their places of business. _A., holiday has already been taken last .Tuesday instead of to-day. , ",, .. • It is not surprising that the people of Great Britain; have strange ideas of. the affairs of this colony, since it has transpired that the Speaker of the Assembly has been actively helping j thV and been engaged iu writing letters to the English papers. The reward for all' this is to be'the Bituation of .Agent- General. It is.aboutthe most disgraceful bargain we have heard of for many years. ■■'•V , A : joint meeting of the two councils toiconsidei; the proposed tax to raise part of the funds fob the drain age of the Sebastopol plateau, was held on Friday night *atr the, Water Commission.' After a lot., of desultory discussion, the purport of which : was* that the tax should not beimposed, and that the opinion of the ratepayers should' be taken on 1 the question, but tbat the remainder of. the bill wascreditable to. Major. Smith, it was resolved; that a deputation should wait on Major Smith and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to-day, to explain the views of the meeting. .* Apublioj meeting to consider the question .may be held, for the ; councils are strongly of opinion - that- the-ratepayers should have.a say in a matter which .affects them so directly. A full report 'of the meeting will be found in'another column. - ‘ The Water Commission's collector is at a loss how to understand the new water regulations, and wants- to.know ilf - the reduction to manu factories from Is 'to' 6d • per 1000 gallons applies to. chaff-cutters,, saw-mills, &o.; also, if 'mining companies, will have two meters,'one to supply water for boiler purposes at 4d per 10.00, and the other to register water for . sluicing and crushing at id. The commission has referred the questions to .the works committee, and will make the consideration of the answers an order of the day for next meeting. : A dispute or a succession of disputes seems to have arisen between the ranger and the forester in the employment'of the * Water Commission, and the recent., impounding by one of these office’s -of the other one’s cow led to an enquiry bn the part of Gavin Campbell, the ranger, as to what his rights of grazing cows in the reserve actually were. The Water Commission appointed a sub-committee to investigate the matter, and thereport sent iu recommended that both the ranger and John Stevenson, the forester, should be discharged, and other be made for transacting', their' duties. Some -discussion arose as to the adoption of this report, some of the younger commissioners pressing questions fast and, furious as to. what the officers, and especially Camp-' bell, had, done'to deserve dismissal. The members of the sub-committee maintained a complacent silence for a time, but at last Cr Josephsannounced that certain matters in connection with the affair had better not be made public, and moved “That the matter be considered is. committee.” This was agreed to, and we are unable as yet to announce the result. A very disingenuous witness appeared in the box at the City Police Coart on Friday in a horse-stealing case. He was brought -forward under the name.of John Rogers on behalf of'the defence, but giving hie evidence rather unsatisfactorily, Mr Gaunt, who was proSSOUting, began to press him a Uttlaaa to his: ante cedents for the purpose of testing his veracity. He said that his name was John Rogers, but admitted having been known in the colonyunderanother name, O’Rory, and hastened to explain that O'Rory.was the Irish for Rogers, at which little 1 bit of,,translation several persons in court .laughed outright, and were instantly threatened with commitment for forty eight hours if they did not behave themselves. Mr Gaunt continued his end asked this simple-minded witness bow long he bad beep in the colony. “Twenty-two years,*’ came the reply. “ How did you come out.f ,, .w.as next asked..' ]“|By.the scale of immigration;. I came out. as ,a married couple,” was the answer from the'Anglicised O’Bory, who, observing a titter in the court at his latest sally, proceeded to inform'the court that his “I” Included his , wife.. The witness was then asked if he had ever bean in ga01,., and he softly, admitted that' he, had,‘for: taking “ a little too much liquor on his stomach ” at Eyneton. and: Castlemaine occasionally, but being: pressed a little fiirther he confessed that he bid on.ee or twice clouted the'constables wbocameto arrest him, and once had made so bold as to affix his son's name to certain deeds. At the close of bis . forced con fession, of his little peccadilloes the witness threw ■down the gauntlet ' to -Mr Gaunt as to which of them bad the better claim to the title of a straightforward, honest man; ' ■ ; • ~ Messrs Taylor and Stevens, a couple of the most B anglers who visit Wendouree, came into colli-, sion oh c‘~'^ a y night and Hr Stevens, suffered. Both gentlemen,'in \ oats * ha f be f Ashing »ear the gardens, and the .Earner .towed them home. When near View Point Mr o l ,r , ' en * J®*** °^.,r at^ r suddenly the rope connecting his b . , B steamer. Bump be went against his compand oll 8 skiff, and then the light craft under him swayed over and shot him into the lake. It was a complete cap size, and to get out he had to swim to View Point. Luckily be saved a couple of noble perch, 2 lb and 2idb respectively, that he had caught. - An impudent robbery .was committed on Wednes day at Messrs I. and J.- Hoff’s establishment. Main street. A gentleman from Buninypng called in; made some purchases, and departed again; Shortly’after wards he returned iu haste, saying that he had left his purse containing £l5 on the counter. It could not be found, and at last a shopman suggested, that per haps a woman who had been in the shop and had gone up Barkly street bad picked up the purse. The woman was pursued and captured, and to the intense satisfaction of the pursuer, the woman, proved to have the purse, which after a little parley she delivered up intact.' The owner spoke to her very sharply, But he was so well pleased at recovering bis money that ho refrained from giving her'in charge. The competition for the silver .trumpet presented by'Mr L.Flegeltaafa to the Ballarat City, Fire. Brigade will take - place this afternoon. . Five .teams of four members each will compete,in hose, hose and ladder, and engine practices, and the time of' startingwill'be half-past 2. ' ■' 1 ' * •’ : ' We learn that the proprietor of the Fantascope has given a free entrance to the inmates of the Benevo lent Asylum and Orphan Asylum at the afternoon performance to-day. .. . ~ (t „ Archdeacon Potter is expected to arrive fnj'the colony from England in June next, but before this event it is probable that some changes will be made with regard to the incumbency of the parish of Christ Churrii.' Mr A. T. Turner’s newmass in D will be sung at St. Patrick’s CathedraTto-nwrrow, Mr Turner pre siding at the organ, supported by the church choir and the ladies and gentlemen who have assisted him at the rehearsals. The annual cbarityjeollectios will be made. ' ' "" ' "" ’ „• The proprietor of the Fantascope, Mr R. G. Bachel der, was samtnohed before the City Court on Friday, for establishing a scheme by which prizes were gained by a mode of chance, the prosecution being instituted at 'tha instance of the Crown Law Depart ment, on whose behalf -Mr Finlayson asked that a deterrent penalty might be inflicted if the defendant were found guilty of the offence described. Sergeant Carden and Ur J. Permewan,,,the,,latter, haying gained a prize at the entertainment,' were the only witnesses, and they described the mode of procedure in distributing what the defendant called his pre sents. Mr Gadnt.’&P; iheffsftnciij argued that there was no proof (bat the defendant bad established (he scheme as propounded in tho summons, mm the mm were not prizes, and that the diafribulS|ji wasgpt .by chance, on all of which points the disagreed |ia^the^efendan^£lO, £3 3s'costs.. MrGaunt gave notice of nptiwl, teoupc ing'at the samettime onitho/anomalybfjSir Bnia O’LoghJea giving<inatracfiona tot this /prosecution, 'while'-he himseU/was patronising a similar affair "in ttuswaa foiia charitable purpose, an Idea which Mr^Qaunt‘pooh* poohed. , \- i “The-grandbazaar-in-aid.qt_tha funda_of_thejC)ty. Free Library- will -ha, opened this evening in' the' Alfred-halL! fMajor Sniith and, Sir,- Bryan O’Lbghlei singing arid instru mental music. The .articles to be 'of~are~ nameroimand .valuable,.arid a large number of prizes will be given away at the close of tha entertainment. Amongst the leading prizes are chests of drawers, arm-chairs, fenders, fire-irons, work-boxes, door-mats, and a'large number of useful household articles. There ia sure to be a large attendance, as the attrac tions are great, and the object a very good one, |The Garden Protection Society held a committee meeting on Friday -evening/ The now exceeds 100. We also notice that since it began operations garden robberies have become leas frequent through the united action-of- the society, assisted by the co- operation of the police, under instructions from Superintendent Bsbington. .It' wlll-'be'Tememberecl (writes a dorrespbaJent) thb” vjgor and earnestness with which Mr George Higin- V bptham used to denounce “ the man Rogers” of the Colonial Office, for the interference of that depart ment in Victorian affairs, and the haughty grandness with which he used to allege that we were fully com petent tomanage our o.wn affairs, T without the,, inter ferenceof *ttie “ foreign' riohl'eriian’ r who l destinies of the Colonial Empire. How the soul of “Honest George" must now revolt when he reada of an embassy from Victoria'oa’ their marrow-bones before Sir Michael Hick&Beacb;, acknowledging that we are .quite to govern .ourselves. Ob, for one hour bfeHiginbotham on. a public /platform tcT expose; the sham, and save us the degradation as well as the £5OOO .expenses of the trip. - ... ~, j We hava ireoeived the .‘f.Temperance Year-book, fer, 1879,” from the publishers, Messrs Dunn arid Collins, Melbourne. The work contains a great amount of interesting and useful information, of special value to " teetotallers, besides the information generally found in an almanac. i At the Buninyong,. weighbridge. 1456 loads were ’weighed 'from 1 Ist-November, dB77i >to 3lat Hctober, 1878. The tar footpath in Learmonth and Warrenhelp streets, Buninyong, from Bradshaw’s to Nussey's corner, has been finished in a very satisfactory manner. Great credit is due to Mr James Ford, the Ballarat East asphalter, for the manner in which he has carried out the work. The public works committee of the Buninyong Borough Council held a meeting on Thursday last to consider the best mode of disposing of the surplus asphalte. It was resolved that the extra asphalte be used for the bank frontage, Learmonth street, to be at the expense of the borough and bank conjointly, and in Warrenheip street, the whole expense to be paid by the bank. Resolved—“That in thanking the council of the town of Ballarat East for their assist ance re tar footpaths, special mention be made of the very satisfactory manner in which James Ford has completed the work of alphalting in the borough.” I The Government Inspector of State schools has been actively engaged in Smythesdale for two days during the week, in connection With the labors of his office, with the following result, which speaks for itself. Report of Mr Jas. Holland, inspector of schools,! on teacher’s certificate:—“ Examined State school 978, 6th and 6th November; percentage, 92102. The general efficient condition of this, school is such as . to reflect much credit on Mr Hayes; the discipline .of.- school, nothing to.be desired.” '‘‘inspector’s, report bf Smythesdale State school, No. 978:/-Inspector’s per centage, 92102. The exacniuation affords very , satisfactory evidence that the work/of this school has been carried bri in a thoroughly efficient manner. ■ I was much pleased with the smartness and readiness of the answering,- and the neatness of -tha writt'en work. All subjects well up to requirements. .The discipline is good. The records are kept : with neat ness and accuracy. The condition of the promises as regards cleanliness is satisfactory.—Signed, Jas. Holland, Inspector. 7th November, 1878. The per centage would have been larger were it not for the non- attendance of four absentees,” We have been -requested, by .the-; secretary of the , Scarsdale Relief Fund to state chat the annual sports bri'bebalf of the charity will be held on .New-Year's Day, as usual, in the Recreation Reserve. - ; '• ‘v ; A warrant has been issued by the City bench for the arrest of James. Olohesy, on the charge of-passing valueless cheques.. One; vmtim r 'was! Mr .'Vince, the well-known broker. ; , Our correspondent writes::—“ M'Adatn; was a bene factor of bis species, and,if.;l mistake not, he was an Irishman, and instructed us as to the proper, method to adopt in road-making. .Quartz gravel arid tailings were unknown in bis daysj inasmuch as there were'no ' diggings’ of any importance in his country, save the the color and an odd bit or two that were picked up time after time in aweef Wicklow, but if his ghost, .for he has been dead and buried for some years, could re visit tfea glimpses of the moon, he. would ascertain that between Llntou end Scarsdale - there is a road as smooth as a bowling green njada out of quartz tail ings; but then the engineer who,constructed' it ?s a qsrtificaied one, and presumably, understands these matters, , At aU bvenls I notice that tqo tphch ‘blind ing ia not a good thing uulosa rolling ensues, and. then the consolidatiou of the materials talm kindly to eaoh other, and a fair passable road is tbs inevitable result, fit for a Minister or a Prince to drive over.’!; , There ia alittle perturbation in the'minds of.some people respecting the filling up of the'head-teacberabip of the Haddori State school, rendered vacant.- by the removal gf. Mr Roberts to another district. / One pmty ia ari^ons.' to gegure the appointment of Mr James, alicerise'd teacher at the Bjagh lJillj but os: the Haddon school is a first class one, /the contention- ig that Mr James by the rules of the service is ineligible, and therefore it in justice ought to be given to a first CtUßa certificated teacher, iu the person of Mr Blakey, who ia a resident gf Bidden and first assistant in the Smythesdale Stat.e fohooi, cpd who has to travel twice a day between each place gt- ranch ipponyepi epSS and considerable discomfort/ in the winter months espepially, • ‘ -.1 ■ • •,.....y - The Qreriyiljesh.ire pa ye drib® a gbod. thing by forming and metalling the approaches, jo lh®;§tate school at Linton, whiph is some distance off the mpip road, and picturesquely situstri 0U a; hili; 'riverloohiDg : the town, ' The inspector of schools, Mr Holland, on Thursday and Friday examined the Scarsdale State school, and gave a percentage of over 89. The representatives of the south riding in the' Raninyopgshtre Council-made a tour, of inspection on Wednesday last, to ascertain whit read works are re quired during tfee epsuirig ypar in thp riding, parth culars of which will be reported at meet ing on the 19th instant. Accounts f or the undermentioned persons ara lying for payment* at the Smythesdale:—lt. Armstrong, J. Keith, J. Parry, Irons and Company, D. Jamieson, W, Creed, Enoch Mayo, G. Ronald, C, Thorne, F. A. M'Cormaek, J, Jfiwin, J. M’Cormack, and R. Searle.,. - ~... _ ~r On Wednesday, Mary E. Craig' arid" Jacob Hauser passed their - examination" at the Smythesdale State school,-‘the’ first' as a-lieansed teacher, and the other as a second class pupil teacher, which speaks well for the scholastic attainments and proficiency of the head teacher, Mr Hayes, who appears toJce most efficient. Matters municipal do not appear, so far as coun cillors, are concerned, to flourish in obedience to the statute in' Smythesdale. Three" times "successively were candidates asked to: come forward to fill the vacancy caused by Cr Bang’s retirement, but though the municipal-, piper tuned, 'noris: of iim.fgtepayers danced, and when the time'fer; npriilaationß : oioBed on Thursday evening, it was again found that ’ none -had been sent in. The Minister of Mines on Thursday received a hundred black diamonds for the diamond drills re-/ cently imparted. |n case any of the diamonds at present set in the drills should get broken or lost they: can .bß ; replaced:by.the. newly imported pgjfl. One peculiarity of these^diamonds"is' (says the Age) that:! although they will . grind through .the hardest , rocs without ‘ becoming perceptibly worn, they have been occasionally'‘knowri-'to break. ’■ -A- difficulty- expe-. rieuepd in connection with drilling operationsia the’ liability of-:the. diamonds to become, loose in their, metal setting. Tbit ia wlfat sepms tq have occurred with the drill ’air Castlemaine; .fh'some - a drill will work for months without getting out ol 1 order in this way, whilst in others the diamonds!! become displaced almost’as soon as boring is coni-' menced. :1,.. Mr-Manro, at the osqeas on Thursday, stated, that a msinbor of tha Counoil had aubmitted to /him the following ?• the- basis'of a-feforin:—-The principles are (I) that ApgrppriatiQU Bills shall pass on condition that they contain no questions public polioy(2) in the event of any dispute or dead lock, both Houses to.be dissolved; (I) in oase of tbs’ 1 bill in dispute not passing both Honses after the - dis- Sdlntmn/thp. two tp vqte together,-and the -joint vote fo be final; (4) the Council to be eleoled' by tha whole body of the ratepayers. Mr Berry on Us intention to prorogue Parliament at tbs'ehd p| negt week. The Oedohg Advertiter of Tuesday says Re’ ferring; to the in y liaaa e/ pn specula tive land selectors, we have'had hhaaed to'aS by s large landowner of this that be 1 is accustomed to reoiivefrom have taken up land contignoii|:tbi his' that tonsil out jln/the note before us it the of grass, and ia, clqp»j toy* dam, fuaa is therefore, 01/ thisiiistancg thewaMthy landowner is notia but tfe dooumentjaervea to illustrate the that isHi/pparation, to the great, prajudicmof the countqfe^^'~*-““ Ka^ Friday’s Herald says“ Some’new clue to the .solution the disappearance of Mrs Farrell appears to hare been dEco veredT~The’'finding' of atalned knife gave a fresh impetus to the bf’thVVnqiurera, and the detectives are busily Tt'wofK Two' mett’bolonging' to the -force- stationed iu Collingwood, and J who/for-some ttime," have been 'dping’daty ia plain” clothes.'arealso hard at—work,- but the police are .Very: properly reticent- Up to the latest, mo.ment no warrant had-been issued or infor mation 1 laid, but ifomn the" fabt] of) gw jinpj eased activity of the,.poliee r there can. be,but little,doubt that sdme new light has been thrown ori this mystery." ; Professor Peareohirijudioioaaly taunted Mi-Service on Thursday with iaconsistenoyoatha; reformques tion,i and received in return a remarkably sevefa lessoriffom Mr Kerferd.' The' Argue says ;—“The learned professor, Mr Kerferd'reminded the House, was a gentjemaaf who' went to a jmepting /and '.advo cated payment of members, and changed liis mind so jspon as'he'fduhd'tbe -people“were' opposed tij l "him) ‘•‘When he was defeated, the .Government put their hands in the public:'purse, fend gave ;hita ’£looo for a valueless education report. Then they bribed a;mem-r ber to Teaigh th make way .for the hon. gentleman, so that he, might,obtain £3OO per annum,. and now. he ' was appointed a royal commissioner to visit England/ and'to shwfe in the vote of £SOCO. ■ And this is the professor’s reward for abandoning'his free-trade con victions. : MrKerferd made the /liberals a preaerif of. suph a 1 representative.” . ..>••: :U : 1 A_ Shanghai paper just received records the .death' of Mr,C. 11. Thatcher, formerly of Sandhurst and; Hew Zealand.: Mr, 1 Thatcher died of cholera, 1 and was not ill more than a few'hours.' Ho wasa brother of Mr Richmond Thatcher, agent of Miss Ada Ward; who is now at Adelaide’;-• As a comic vocalist he was, some years ’ago, quite ah institution at‘Ballarat , and’ .Sandhurst, on; account of the facility With which be 'took Up local subjects and .humorously, dealt with them in the songs be used to sing. More lately he ’ had profitably employed his ability as a’naturalist in making collections in India ; and China’ forpfivatb museums and other-purposes. 'v , s ;'. ; We are informed that,thedate promenade concerts, managed by Mr imsdpmbe Searell, have not proved a_ , financial 'success, and consequently Mr W. J. Oates is now engaged.in making the preliminary arrangements for a complimentary benefit to be given to Mr Searell,' in ch’d. Academy' of Musid, on Friday, 22acfinstant. ; The, ladies and gentlemen who' took "part in the; promenade. concerts have: volunteered their services for the occasion, for which an excellent-programme will’ be~prepared, including the grand march from “ Tiiahauaer," arranged for eight bands on two pianos, arid a duet on a piano and organ arranged'‘by Mr Searell, who will undertake to extemporise four varia-" tions with an introduction’'and finale on any popular air _ the; audience :inay ?select. (’(The programmes will be issued'shortly, arid seats” may’ bo reserved at Bird well and Beauchamp’s Studio;'- _The eyening services"at the Dawson street-Baptist Chapel will - commence at 7 o’clock to-morrow ;i and during the summer months, ■ There was a good horise at tho Mechanics’ Institute on Friday night. The performance-went off.'- as well as ever,' Chalet,' the 1 ventriloquist,' being-much ap plauded for what he did towards the evening’s amuse ment, Of course in oonssquanco ol the police court case in the morniiJg, mo gifts were, distributed, but prizes were given tor the best and worst conundrums. The following was adjudged to be the beat, and there fore we spare our readers from ’ listening ‘to tho worst: —“Why, was Brigham Young like a new novel ’ when he had the nineteen mustard poultices bri him I Because.he, was.read (red) almost immediately.” 