NOTES AND COMMENTS. The bridge movement in the little border township of Moaira proves the truth of what we have more than once stated— that, however much frying the Riverina people may undergo on the New South Wales grid iron, they much prefer that process to being tilted into the fire, which annexation to Victoria would vir tually mean. They have no desire to be handed over to the tender mercies of such a tax-extracting Government as that ot Air. Kerry, iney are to be congratulated on their loyalty to the Government they have been too much in the habit of traducing, which the epi ode about the bridge proclaims. How not to do a thing was a lesson which the powers that be in this colony had got thoroughly by heart when a number of enterprising men in the South conceived the idea of doing for themselves, by the construction of a railway of their own. Thev found that getting an Act from our easy-going Legislature was the easiest thing in the world, and no sooner was it pasBed than Victorian capital and Victorian enterprise soon made the railway from Moama to Deniliquinan ace implished fact, whilst the dividends which the company have paid to the shareholders and the traffic carried Victoriawards have done not a little towards inducing our representatives to push ahead a little faster than they were wont to do with their own lines. Compe tition in railway as in other matters is truly the soul of business. However, to return to the bridge which has been erected across the Murray, and now connects the two colonies. 'A large and influential assem blage of the townspeople ' of Moama has emphati cally declared against the use of the bridge by the railway company. It would thus seem that such a concession was contemplated. One very good reason, and the first on their programme, which they put forward is 'that the company do not wish to run their trains over the bridge' — lucus a non Imendo. The next objection is that the Moama people having suffered the greatest inconvenience for the last fourteen years from not having a bridge for traffic, and hating now got one which has cost £50,000, they are jealous of its use by any one else. This is certainly carrying the Cheater principle to its logical conclusion. They beg of the Government to protect them that far from a «* Victorian monopoly j' and then in the most lugubriously patriotic manner they declaim against the company using the bridge, as it 'would be a virtual cession of the territory over which the line runs.' We think the Moama people are to be congratulated on their practical sense and patriotism, though they have chosen a very late period of the day to exhibit it. What prompted those generous contributions of British people all over the world for the relief of the famished of India? Patriotism or benevolence? Probably an admixture of both, the patriotic in gredient prepoB derating. If it were mere sympathy with human suffering, then how comes it that we can listen with such cool indifference to the harrowing, torrible details of the famine in North China, and sufferings far more intense than any reported in con nection with the Indian famine ? The pendulum of public feeling has very quickly swung from the point of benevolence to the point of incompassionateness. Even as earlv as January nine millions of people were reported as destitute through the appalling famine in four provinces ; and the people were put to such straits that children were being daily sold in markets in exchange for food. With stoical indifference we might refuse to believe a word of it but for the fact that the report that wives and daughters are being sold, and that children are being boiled andeaten, comes from more than one source. The Archbishop of Canterbury has endeavoured to arouse a feeling of pity on behalf of the ' seventy millions of people nowstarving in thepro vinces of North China.' But to little purpose it would seem. Chinamen do not possess the same interest with us as did that subjugated race whose sufferings roused up the Empire as one man. But this Chinese famine is a matter which we in Australia ought not to regard lightly. As the Times has already pointed cut, it will probably have pretty much the same effect M the potato famine in Ireland thirty yean ago. Thousands upon thousands quitted that country for the American continent, where men became men if willing to work. And what if thousands upon thousands of Chinese seek a similar refuge in Aus tralia ? On the same principle that sixpence would be given to an organ- grinder to go into the next street, Bhould we in Australia help the unfortunate Mongo lians in their hour of dire distress ? There is ample room for all the adverse comments of certain members of the Legislative Council the other evening on our jury system. There are more ' relics of barbarous times ' connected with it than the junior member for Manly Beach pointed out which need the reforming hand of Government' Especially hard is it upon men who have ' to main tain themselves and their horses,' and, as one member pointed out, travel many miles, on half-a-erown a day. However much it may be felt to be a duty and a privilege o serve upon juries, those who are called upon to the high and important office will be likely to discharge 'the debt due by each individual to the common good' intooprompt a manner, and ' wretches may hang that jurymen may dine.' As Mr. Holt remarked, how can jurors be expected to do a fair day's work for half-a-crown ? There «an be no deny ing the ' duty,' but it is a very questionable ' privi lege' now to waste one's time in the jury- box, especially when the enjoyment of that privilege is only permitted to a part of the community, and that part very often the least able to afford the time necessary for such an avocation. The Civil Service, through some legal fiction, are exempted from this ' privilege,' though thev are deemed capable of exercising the franchise, and are permitted to participate in every other civic blessing of this . enlightened nineteenth century. If her Majesty can spare them every saint's day and holiday, and give them « day to record their votes, it is unreasonable to say their time is too valuable to admit of their sitting occasionally in the jury-box, and stUl more unreasonable would be any objection on the score of fitness. But, revenon* A not moutotis, if only one portion of the comironity is to have the privilege forced upon it of performing the functions of jurymen, the least the other part can do is to pay for it. And if the short discussion raised the Council the other evening by Sir George Innes, respecting the grossly inadequate recompense which jurors at criminal courts receive, is productive of something more than the stereotyped reply from Government that the matter will receive favourable consideration, much good will be done. It was justly remarked bv Mr. Butler, one cf our f remost men at the bar, that in matters of law reform we are at least a quarter of a century behind every other ci'ilized country. This is a reproach that should be removed without delay. The reverend gentleman who has acquired, if he has not altogether enjoyed, a temporary distinction by his boisterous declarations of his own doxy and declamations against everybody who sought to enjoy equal freedom for their belief, has taken up his stool ar.d walked. This will gratify many besides the soldiery and police, who began to get very tired ef the extra Sunday labour which ' liberty of speech' made necessary. For the future the reverend Pastor has announced he will hold forth at the Protestant Hall. There he may preach away to his heart's con tent before those thousand admirers of his, without, it is to be hoped, having the association of ideas revived by the eight of anti-Protestantism. It is also devoutly to be wished that the larrikin, element will follow, and ensconce itself where it can be held in check, if not subdued and reformed altogether. The spiiit of sectariani-m runs high enough in Sydney ; and the Ices the risk of its being fanned into fia-ne by polemical discussions on the Hyde Park the better. That a serious sectarian outbreak has not occurred ere this is due as much to what Buckminster describes as ' the highest exercise of charity, charity to wards the uncharitable,' which the proscribed sects have shown, as t- the menaces of the soldiery and con stabulary. For a while, at all events, our parks will be free from the rabble, and may be safely used for ths purposes to which sooner or later the Government intends to dedicate them. The Electoral Bill, which is to add forty-three more wise men to our Parliament, seems now to be in a fair way of passing into law. The Legislative Council will scarcely venture to run a-muck with the Lower House upon a matter that so little concerns its status, interest, or dignity. But where are these forty- three wise men, these ready- made senators, to be found ? .That hotbed of Parliamentary talent, the Sydney Municipal Council, has been pretty well exhausted by the constant forcing process it has undergone. Even the last senatorial plants that were gathered were of comparatively mushroom growth, devoid of the political stamina that would help them to set the world on fixe. What achievements are in store for them no one can tell. As for the aldermen of the .Little Pedlingtons and Struggleboroughs scattered through the land, perhaps the least said about their legislatorial qualifications the better. Then there are the mere favoured class— well-cultured, independent, patriotic, and with both time and inclination to serve their country. New South Wales has many such. But unfortunately they have one fatal blemish : they poB8ess too much sensitiveness and too much refine ment for companionship with hard-fisted cattle dealers and men who consider they are serving their country when complaining of having to pay the Par liamentary caterer sixpence for a slice of bread and butter. However, it is early times to go caeting about for additional wisdom. There will be plenty of a sort obtainable whenever the new seats are really made. But then what are these forty- three additional members to go into Parliament to represent ?— the people who, compared with other countries, are already over represented, or the unbridged mudholes and creeks and unmetalled bush tracks i From the sorry speeches that were made in the House in favour of increasing the number of representatives in Parliament, it is pretty clear that these extra Parliamentarians are not wanted to represent anything, but are merely required by the districts to increase the voting power for plun dering the public treasury. If Mr. David Buchanan does not soon obtain a seat within the Chamber where everything and everybody can be dealt with in a freehanded, freespoken manner, there is every probability that sooner or later the learned gentleman will do himself some harm. The overflow of his animal spirits got him into a scrape the other day at Mudgee ; and had he not presented himself before Mr. Justice Faucett, looking bo thoroughly as if he couldn't help it, and allowed himself to be taken down a few pegs, there is no knowing what would have resulted from the learned gentleman's ' indiscretion.' To the other gent'emen of the long robe present, the spectacle of this very impressionable gentleman tendering an apology to the Court must have been very affecting. _ When pouring out his soft-hearted sympathy with the prisoner whom he had in Tain defended, to that obdurate-hearted friend and juror in the public street of Mudgee, he~ must have forgotten for the nonce that he was not in the 'bear-garden' of Macquarie-street. But, as Sam Slick would say, experientia does it. The learned gentleman will possibly, in time, pick up a few ' wrinkles,' to use a colloquialism, on court etiquette, which may serve him in another place, to which he one day hopes to drift. Art unions and lotteries are not the only multiply ing evils of the present day which need the vigilant eye of the Attorney-General. Establishments for the loaning of money are also on the increase. That there are persons who have found it an advantage to transact business with them, even though money is obtainable only upon the most usurious terms, few probably will question. But the demoralizing effect upon the borrowers is too often exposed by the bulls eye lantern of the Commis sioner of Insolvency. And these things are so well known that it is needless to particularize or to dwell upon them at any length. But what we deBire particularly to draw attention to is the practice of lending money without security. One of the latest telegrams from England refers to a trial which has excited mu h interest in the old country. A reverend gentleman of the name of Blake recovered £60, one year's premium on a life insurance pa^d to the Albion Insurance Company, with the object of obtaining a loan cf £1500 from a man who, it was proved at the trial, used to receive half the premiums from die com pany, the loans never being granted. We suspect, however, that it is not alone in England that such institutions as the Anglo-Bengalee Disinterested loan and Life Assurance Companies take root and flourish at the expense of their dupes. We have heard of establishments nearer home which undertake to advance loans with out security. As a sine qua mm to the consideration i of an application for a loan, » premium, say 10s., has to be paid. The transaction may be bonafiie through . out, but the mischief which such offers maycreate- u palpable. No doubt most people, whn they borrow money, honestly mean to repay ; and it is this feeling of disingenuousness, innate with mo3t people, that prompts them, in a moment of need, perhaps of dis tress, to borrow when they have no better security to ofer than their own word. To weak-minded people advertisements of the character we have named are specially alluring. What may be termed the applica tion premium must be paid ; whether the loan is ever granted depends upon the moneylender. It 4s evidently a tr&de; on the principle, ' Head} I win, tails you lose,' and is more a game of chance than the lottery-box of a church bazaar. Two thousand personal acquaintances, all in the most robust health, constitute a rather formidable body of intimates. Mr. Thomas Copper, secretary to the Master Butchers' Association, must be a very Napoleon with regard to the faculty of remembering faces. He claims, in a letter written to the Herald, that there can be no danger to health from slaughter ing in the city, 6ince he is personally acquainted with two thousand persons in the trade, among wticm he doubts whether he could find one who is nt»t in the best of health. We have here a noble inde pendence of the law of averages. We do not suppose that there exists any other living man who cau boast of two battalions of acquaintances ; but, presuming another party gifted with a genius for forming in timacies by the groBS could be found, he would in evitably number a considerable percentage of invalids among his circle. Mr. Cooper U truly a wonderful man. Not only does he culti vate two thousand friendships, but his powers of observation are so keen that he feels justi fied in pronouncing that all the two thousand are very well. The scope of his genius, however, overleaps even these extensive boundaries. He intimates that the reason for the high state of health of his two thou sand friends is that they are butchers. The whole someness of their avocations is the point he particu larly insists uprn. He even ventures to propound a theory that residence in proximity to butchers' shops is conducive to health., and the odour of offal a specific against physical decay. In England the authorities appear to have suffered cruel embarrassment for lack of the proper article out of which to work up distinguished mea or heroes. The House of Lords has for almost a generation beek recruited from the House of Commons alone. Eng land has been so much at peace that her. stock of available heroes has fallen short of the demand. The Peers may very justly have commenced to fear lest the hereditary chivalry of their House would suffer in generations to come, owing to the per petual and almost exclusive recruitments going on from men of jaw instead of men of action. There had been for a score of years a steady flow of middling politicians and of Blippery lawyers into the House of Peers, and scarce a man who had done anything remarkable to qualify and give an infusion of spirit to this deadly-lively accretion. Insteai of 'an intolerable quantity of sack to a poor pennyworth, of bread,' the Chamber of Peers has been afflicted with an intolerable quantity of bread . to a wretchedly meagre allowance of the in spiring wine. TLe same has been the case with minor dignities. The authorities have absolutely hungered for suitable baronets. They got sick of knight ing aldermen, and showering Companionship of Michael and George on Chinamen, and. colonial Premiers. They positively jumped at Napier because he travelled safely to Mag dala with twenty thousand men to take care of him, and only a few tribes of wretched spear men to offer any objection to his visit. Nobody had done anything so truly wonderful for years, so Napier was made a lord instantly. Wolseley's slightly more difficult feat of getting to Coomassie, encumbered as he was with upwards of ten thousand men (who must have been very much in his way), was eagerly seized upon as an excuse for making a baronet of him. and probably a Secretary of State enjoyed a good night's rest after the bestowal of the distinction. But as time elapsed the demand became irrepressible for people to knight. Captain Nares was despatched to reach the North Pole. He lamentably failed* and was besides censured by a board for negligence in the matter of his men's diet, whereby several lives were wasted; and he was straightway knighted' in recog nition of his having tried to do something, any how. The latest information bears upon the recent detective esclandre. That branch of the police force proved thoroughly rotten, so the responsible head of the force, Colonel Henderson, has just been knighted on the Nares principle. If this proceeds, the principle may be carried into other spheres of action ; and as men are now knighted for failure in their undertakings, it may be that men will yet be hung for neglecting to murder their wives. There begins certainly to be displayed an appropriate reluct ance to do anything to hurt poor criminals' feelings. Their bumps must not be felt, nor under the sym pathetic rule of Berry must any questions relative to antecedents be asked. To be a good dramatist a man must have an un limited knowledge ef human nature; but it hardly follows that this is a necessity in an ; actor, who nuy probably succeed through the powers of mimicry. Somehow, however, actors and stage managers always do know more of what suits the public than the latter does itself. What a pity they are not always infallible ! For some time back we have been told that the sensational school of drama was the thing, and the legitimate was nowhere. .A depraved public taste had ruined all good Thespians, and they had to go in for burnt cork, rouge, legs, and lime-lights. Somehow or other, the sensational is getting played out. Three murders, one poisoning, and a suicide in a single drama would not fetch a house in Sydney a few weeks ago, while the le gitimate business was drawing good houses. Now, as the Thespians have had their say for some time, perhaps they will allow the public a chance to put in a word. May it not, for the sake of variety, be asked whether theatre-going people have given the legitimate drama but little support for some years past because there are few actors who could manage to play it ? And is it not in the bounds of possibility that authors themselves, failing to get histrionic effect out of the stage, are compelled to fall back upon spectacular ? If the success which has met Mr. Cres wick and Mrs. Scott-Siddons is anything to go by public taste is not so vitiated as peoplewould make out It may possibly be suffering a recovery; and if so those who cater for it in matters dramatic might strive to avoid its sustaining a relapse. It is a wise thing ? generally to follow public opinion and not attempt 'to lead it. Just now we have had a surfeit of the sensational school, and let us earnestly pray that surfeit will end in loathing, and that this wretched sort of amusement will die out and be followed to it* grave by the ghosts of nigger minstrels, trapecuta. Fndiarubber brothers, and other of that ilk, who, it [ is to be hoped, will ere long :-*. ? » ' haunt the Stygian shore.' 