. Tho , Dead Alive. AN Ii-LUSTHATION OP. THR ADAOB THAT "TACT l8 81BANGBB THAN FICTION." The Harvard Courant published a short while ago a remarkable story relating to an application for the payment of an insurance policy by the wife of the insurer, who was represented by ber to be dead, but whom the life i isurances believed to be still living. The statement ot the Courant was to the 'effect that in May, 1869, William Wnckerle, then a resident of Detroit, took out a policy in the Etna Insurance Company for 3,000 dots, payable to his wife, Walburga Wackerle, in the even . of his death. Wackerle and his wife liven a cat-and-dog sort of A life and he left her soon aflsr the policy was taken out, emieriUinî to this Stile. She, however, fol- lowed, and he was per-uadAin some way to return. The couple took up their «ode in Quincy, 111., in 1870\. They remained th*e but a short while, Wackerle again abandoning! her and going south, Mrs. Wackerle believed kerausband had gone to Texas, and she hastened thirf or in search of him, and learned what she profess-d to believe the news of his death on the Texas Pacific railroad, by being run over by a train. Affldivits to this effect* were secured by. her, and she anpliad for the parent; of the policy on her husbanu's iife^ Thej«S"entsof the Etna Company, on investigAtion,<Jjùcov(red that the per- sons who had made afudams'to tft» death of Wac- kerle were ignorant freedmon, and akUnot know to what they were swearing. They also obtained counter affidavits from some of the officers of the road, in- cluding the foremin of the gang in which the man killed was employed, to the effect that his-name was Frank Ettiue. Tbelnsurancs Company consequently refused to pay the policy. Mrs. Wackerle conse- quently commenced suit in Louisiana' against the Company, and the jury gave her a verdict. The case was carried to th» supreme Court, where the case is now pending a hearing. Reports of the trial carne to the hearing of Joseph Weinmann,of Faribault, Minn, who waa intimately acquainted'with Wackerle, and was First Lieutenant during the war of the company in which Wackerle had served. He at once informed CWInsui^nce Company that Wackerle was living Hfl ii Califójoüh. Subsequently, an ageat of the Company c »lling on Weinmann, a letter from Wac- kerle, dated J^sytiary, 1878, wty shown* to lim, in which he (Wackerle) stated he\had^ban¿Mt>ed his wife at Quincy, Ills,, because he ^s^fJaÄshe would kill him for the policy on his life."' >N Now eomes the sequel to this strange case. On Wednead-ay, William Wackerle, the wan claimed by his wife to be deaa, called at the Bullotin office, and demonstrated that he was a very substantial kind of a ghost. He is we'l known to mnny responsible citi- zens here who voutS^for his identity. \f ackerte says he did fly to the .goufh for safet^rfönring hie wife would kill him for tb\ sakWJ rflcavering his life in- surance. He worked rbr «Hbut rWr months as cook at Buena Coso, on the Mississippi earning during that period, enough money to pay his way to this State. For the past five yoars be has been living in Humboldt ciunty, where be is engaged ia raising farm produce. Yesterday morning Wacker le left for the East, where heVoes at the ¿¿pense and ia the interest of the Etna Company, tofSatiafy the court of last resort in Louisiana^ tVûJfacl that bo'still ltvetb, and that the allegations of bis wire^tre false, and the affidavits in bar possession worthless. John Hein and Nicholas Hein, two brothers who served in the same company with Wackerle during the war, are now living in Napa, A photograph was taken in this,city sometime ago, in which lieutenant Wein minn (mentioned in the statement of the Howard Courant), William Wackerle, John Hein, and Nicho- las Bein form a group. Here is anjther illustration that "Fvict is often ttrangQi^tÄTictioia.", 