J) OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT ; ' > . BOOLONG. He jests at scars who never felt a wound — RojIE'O. , . r One of the most awful recoilecfcious Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, 1 / was when he made his first and only appearance as |an ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at 'his . own house in Boolong. - He, for some unknown reason, nad . conceived that he was horn to he an actor— to tread the honrrls lilro f.liA rrronf, nn.rrin.lr n.nrl t.lin. n.ldnr Knn.n — hnf. ifc Q - — ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar debut. Ou finding the Melbourne and Sydney t managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing . red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance ill " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down > at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having I scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to. do the thing well and in tip- top style.- ' Hs got together a kind of scratch company, many oE them like himselE, raw am- " bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the > stage," and one or two seely outcasts" of the profession); ) and he looked forward, to the production oE his' pet play, I " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with- much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were -pretty perfect iu their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. , The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the King likewise ; Ophelia, ml amateur, \ burst into a nervous fit of tears beEore she said a dozen lines. / Banbury was roared at by the local personages vvko ) assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills j ' came in' the expense was twice as large: as he had expected,- | ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, i " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Mebhod- ) ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no such thing when he found they were. for. theatrical trap pings, for if there1 was one thing he held in abhorrence it ( was the theatre." -What was he to do? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house ha had furnished for him, and send him adrift on the world;' /What was he : I to do ? His creditors ivould not wait and he would he a ; miserable pauper. But for all this he did nob lose his ' house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ' j I name; thanks to the timely aid of one who is a friend to \ the drama as well as to the rest of the world, who advanced j ' him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know j ) him 1 But we may as well remark it was the champion ; of the distressed, / ' ' i DAVID HENRY, oE 52 Collins street east, ' /, ) Who has from £5 to-£ 10,000 tolend onnotesof hand, bills . 1 ; \ of sale (wir.h- or without security), salary orders, life ' j' policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, : j / merchandise", on expected remittances, or on moneys per-. j \ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., i ( repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. i ) Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and. j. \ mortgages from 6 per cent. j! ' 