Political. The General Elections. The Mount Perry Mail and Bundaberg Star publish reports of Mr. T. M'llwraith's address to the electors of Bundaberg, delivered on the 26th ultimo, of which the following is a sum- Mary :—Mr. M'llwraith on coming forward Baid nil were aware that he had received a requisition signed by a large number of the Mulgrave elec tors, asking him to allow himself to be nomi nated as a candidate for that constituency ; and as he would not again return to Bundaberg until the day of nomination be thought it advisable to state his opinions. No doubt all were ac quainted with his political career, aud therefore he would confine himself to a review of the past It was against all precedent for the leader of the Opposition to speak before the Ministers had had an opportunity of declaring their policy. They were aware that he was a consis tent railway advocate ; but he had always been opposed to the Qovernment scheme. He had, however, never opposed the Bundaberg aud Mount Perry Railway—(cheers]—and he chal lenged anyone to point to a single act of his against their line. The Government at one time had no public works policy—their policy had to be gathered from the Ministerial speeches. They said there was no occasion for railways, and then he (Mr. M'llwraith) considered it his duty to bring forward a vote of want of confidence in the Qovernment, which was defeated ; but his action had, however, a most important result, for the Ministers turned round and adopted his policy, and proved that virtually they had re versed their own. The Qovernment initiated a system of railway reserves, and he had been the principal opponent to it because he believed it would fail to effect what it intended to do— namely, make the lands in the different districts through which the railways were to pass pay the total cost of construction. The Railway Reserves Bill had now been in operation for two years, and it had failed absolutely to find the capital for the construction of railways, 'i he proceeds of land sales all went into the general revenue, and it was with difficulty that means had been found to construct the present lines of railway. The principle of how lines were to be constructed occupied the attention of the Houae, but the merits of the lines themselves were not debated, and the evil was that it left the Qovernment to construct what lines they liked, and they put forward aud kept back what lines they pleased. The Treasurer stated that no loan would be required, and he (Mr. M'llwraith) insisted that unless money could be obtained by loan the public works policy of the Qovernment would break down. The Qovernment neglected to propose a loan, and he brought forward a motion for a £3,000,000 loan, which was nega tived by a bare majority, and then the Qovernment partially adopted his policy and proposed a loan of £ 1,000,000. The Opposition had been blamed by the Press for not resisting the raids on the Treasury, but in that respect his position was impregnable. His supporters got £40,000 passed by a majority of the House, and when the Qovernment came to pass their Estimates there was no money to supply then). He was very sorry to have to do this, but the responsibility lay with the Govern ment, as Parliament was thus parting with its power, in controlling the funds, which must result in financial disaster. He thought the Land Act of 1868 a better one than that of 1876. He had no intention—nor did he know any legislator who had—of interfering with the present Education Act, and they were all in favor of giving it a fair and impartial trial. The next Parliameut would have more important work before it than the Parliament of 1874, which, on its assembling, had a quarter of a million in the Treasury. He was afraid it would be different in future. He strongly objected to additional tax ation, but he thought it must be resorted to ; he foresaw it long ago. He was in favor of raising money from the lands of the colony, and to get the best price for them consistent with settle ment, by that means increasing tho revenue. The coast districts would vet find the market for their produce iv the interior, and the opening up of the lands would be the means of settling population and bringing a large revenue to the Treasury for carrying out public works. He did not think the lands would pay the total cost of the construction of railways, but they would pay the interest on the amount borrowed, so that the people would have no additional taxation burdens to bear. His opinions were not un alterable. He was at one time an advocate for payment of members, but he was now opposed to that He concluded by announcing his inten tion to offer himself as acaudidatefor the Mulgrave electorate. In answer to questions, Mr. M'Jl wraith said that he was willing to support the principles of Mr. M'Lean's Permissive BilL Was opposed to Polynesians, except as free immi-* grants. Decidedly in favor of the Bundaberg Rail way, and Mr. Miles had informed him that if an eligible tender was sent in it would be accepted. Was in favor of a Civil Service Bill, and discon tinuance of pensions. If land would not pay iuterest on railways, additional taxation would have to be resorted to. Was in favor of taxing the lands benefited by the railways, if such were practicable. A resolution that Mr. M'llwraith was a fit and proper person to represent the constitUHncy in Parliament waa carried. Mr. M'llwraith's meetiug at Wongarra last Saturday evening was a partial failure, in consequence of a heavy Htorm which took place at tho time. He addressed about forty persons under grrat difficulties. A motion in favor of Mr. M'llwraith was put to the meeting and unanimously carried. Concerning the contest for tho Kennedy electorate, our Charters Towers correspondent wrote on September 20 :—The Kennedy has the right to two members now, and for tome days the friends of Messrs. Stubley and O'Donnell thought they would have a walk-over, as it was rumored that Mr. Macrossan would ataud fur Townsville. Some other candidates were spoken of, among whom was Mr. H. W. Palmer, one of the oldest residents of the field and brother to the late leader of the Oppoaitiou. The. friends of the two former were actively canv.>.s*iog the field and reckoning on an e.isy victory, when, 10, Mr. MacruMsau, the sitting member f>-r the Kennedy, comes north. 110 arrived hero last Sunday, and from that date until last night various and conflicting rumora were spread as to whether he would or would not stand for here. The truth baa come out at last, and it is as follows. It appears that both Mr. M'llwraith and Mr. Macrosßan understood from Mr. Stubley before the latter received the requisition above men tioned that he would go with the Opposition ; and with that belief Mr. Macrossan came here to find for him a colleague of similar politics. It is understood that Mr. O'Donnell is a Ministerialist. Mr. Macrossan'B friends were not contented with this arrangement. They wished to secure a con tinuance of his services for the Kennedy, no matter who else was returned, and it is said that at a meeting which they held they expressed great dissatisfaction a~. his contemplated retire* ment. A' cordingly he told them he would re* consider the matter, and give them a decisive answer on yesterday (Thursday) evening. A singular circumstance decided him. That very Thursday morning the Northern Miner came out with more than its usual quantity of abuse of Mr. Macrossan, and seated, inter alia, that it waa authorised by Mr. Stubley to say that he (Mr. Stubley) was opposed to Mr. Macrossan on the leading political questions of the day, and furthermore that Mr. O'Kane, the editor of the Miner, was authorised to enunciate and defend Mr. Stubley's opinions. A telegram was imme diately Bent by Mr. Macroßsan to Mr. Stubley to ask if the Miner was authorised to the extent claimed, and an affirmative reply was returned. All this was told by Mr. Macrossan at a meeting of the electors which was held last night in the Oddfellows' Hall, to hear an account of his stewardship. The chair was taken by Mr. John M'Donald. The meeting was the largest ever held on the Towers; the hall, which is about 70ft by 30ft was crammed, and as many more stood around the house, unable to obtain an entrance. Mr. Maorossan spoke for over three hours, explaining and vindi cating bis conduct in Parliament and replying to questioDß. Regarding his address there was only one opinion—namely, that it was able, exhaus tive, and masterly. At the close, a vote of confi dence was proposed and carried almost unani mously, the only opposition coming from Mr. O'Kane, who said he would oppose it, but did not attempt to put an amendment, as he was well aware, from the enthusiasm of the meeting, that he would receive no support. The address of Mr. Macrossan, taken in connection with the attempts made by the Miner from time to time to damage his character, and more especially those made in that morning's issue, where even threats were held out, was one of the greatest triumphs I have ever witnessed. It is hard to say what the result of the elections will be, but if external appearances go for anything, Mr. Maofossan's friends need not fear for him. The Dalby correspondent of the D. D. OazdU says :—"Various reports have been in circulation as to who would and who would not stand for the electorates of Northern Downs and Dalby. All, however, was conjecture, excepting that it was known a requisition was being very nume rously signed to our present member, Mr. Bell, to allow himself to be put in nomination for Dalby again, until Thursday, when it was inti mated to me for a certainty that Mr. Bell will again offer himself to his old constituents of the Northern Downs, and that Mr. Samuel Moffatt will offer himself to the electors of Dalby. This you may, I think, rely upon as bonafidt. Mr. Bell will go in certainly, let who will oppose him. And as Mr. Moffatt is very popular and straight forward, and will be backed by the Jimbour in terest, and the Dalby district has been consider ably extended, we may safely prediot that he will be returned as against all comers, barring bad management It would not be Dalby, however, if someone were not got at to give him a flutter ' for the Bake of trade.' Mr. Miles is talked of, but he stands not the ghost of a chance for this place, and has ' owre meikle sense to waste his siller.' Mr. P. Landy is the only candidate that could make any show against him, and I don't think he would beat him. If he can be per suaded to stand, however, be very certain the fur will fly, and that is what is wanted by the Dalby men." It would appear (says the Port Douglas Tima) there will be no paucity of candidates for the honor of representing the Cook district in the new Parliament. In its leader of the 11th instant the Cooktown Herald says that Mr. W. H. L. Bailey, formerly proprietor of that journal, has been requested by a number of influential residents of Cooktown to contest the election, and that ho is likely to do so. Then we have the names of Mr. B. H. Palmer, of Cooktown, and Mr. W. Little, of the Hodgkinson, set down as gentlemen who purpose " standing the hazard of the die " for the honor of representing the— territorially speaking—greatest electorate in the colony ; besides Messrs. Jackson, Morgan, Mulli gan and Cooper. There is one thing, however, that may be set down as a positive certainty with regard to the election of members for the district of Cook —that no caudidate but thoße of anti-Chinese proclivities need seek the suffrages of the constituency. Mr. Jas. Morgan and Mr. Jacob Horwitz are in the field for Warwick, and the friends of each are arousing themselves to active working. The latter gentleman has received considerable promises of support both from town and country residents. A requisition to Mr. W. S. Paul, of Olen darriwill Btatiou, Nogoa Kiver, to contest the Leichhardt electorate is Wing bignad. It is understood that he will consent to bo a can didate. We arc authorised to atate that Mr. C. Luiuley Hill intends to offer himself as a candi date for tho representation of the Gregory, and that his address to tho electors will shortly be published. We are informed, on the authority of an Oxley elector, that a requisition to Mr. Atob Radcliffe to become a candidate for that electorate is being extensively signed, and that should that gentle man consent to stand his return is certain. At a fairly representative political meeting held at Warwick laat Tuesday, it was unani mously decided to nominate Air. F. Kates, of Allora, aud Mr. James Wilson, of Freestone Creek, to contest the electorate of Darling Downs. Mr. Willutu Bagley, publican, announces him self ad a ciiididato for tho Mackay electorate, being now tho third in tho tield. In reference to the Maranoa eleotion the Wattrn Star says that Mr. Smyth ha» dtfi nitely made up hu mind to come forward, and that his return will be unopposed. It is reported that Mr. .Chubb will contest the Stanley electorate instead of Fassifern. Messrs. Stubley and Palmer, candidates for the Kennedy district, have issued their addresses. 