A NEW CIUJM'S RECOLLECTIONS OF HOME. (Collti;nud from our last.) My companion and I were destined to he linked closer to one another. the circum stances which had caused this occurred to us after we had gone about a week's journey inland. It was in the heat of the day that we found ourselves on a level plain, in the ccntro of which was situated a large tree destitute of branches from the ground a distance of perhaps thirty feet. We had gone froni the camp with only a small shot gun and our revolvers. When we had got near the tree we took it into our heads to climb up amongst the branches, and rest for a while. I went up first, leaving the gun at the foot of the tree, and while I was just putting my hand to pull myself among the branches, what should I see coming slowly towards the tree but a large lion. I sprang up very quickly, you may imagine, and incited my companion to do the same, but not telling him why, or it might have made hint nervous. He not seeing the use of hurrying, took it very coolly as it was so hot, but when he was half way up, he heard the trampling in the jungle and a roar greeted his ears. At first I thought he should have dropped, but lie recovering his fright proceeded as quickly as possible to get up. The lion by this time was coming bounding towards the tree, and if I had not put my leg down for him to pull himself up by, I am afraid I should have been without a companion the rest of my journey. As it was the lion's paw struck his foot as I was pulling him up. However, we got safely up but minus the gull, which still remained against the tree on the ground. How to get it we did not know, but we had no time to think just then about the gun, danger threatened us every minute from our fierce ant ,gonist. who kept sliringing up the trunk of the tree trying t reach us, and every time he came near to us we fired our re volvers in his face, which served only to rouse his ire, and increase his endeavours to get at ul. At last lie desisted from his fruitless efforts, and lay down on his belly on the ground, watching us. We then thought of the gun at the foot of the tree; how to get it I did not know. till at last my companion pulled out a quantity of string from his pocket, saying that lie thought he could get the gunll up by tying a loop, and catching the trigger guard in it. The loop was accordingly made, and as it slowly de scended, the curiosity of the lion seemed aroused, as he got up and smelt the cord, then went and lay down again, but with his eyes watching every mnovement of the cord. At last the noose was firmly fixed on the guard, the gun rose, the lion seemingly nout un l.rstlndiug this at all, for he got up, stood close to the foot of the tree watching tlhe gun ascending ;if hlie had only made one spring and caught the gun, the cord would have broken with his weight, and then there is no saying what might have happened. HIworer, we got it safely up, and curious to say, before we got it up we lookeld upon 4t as our salvation, but when wI' got ptsession of it, we then thought tlhat such a small foaling piece against a lin and at that distance (small as it was) Soull I hardly avail us anything. However, we fired a shot at the lion which laid open e, r of his h.leks, that is, took the skin off, nudl from the wound Ilod hogan to flow tr,?ely. The! lion not liking this bad treat mnt, fritn those looked upon as his sure l'" ',rly, began walking about, and we k.,ept firing aw:ay at him, till at last he 1, .,nn to slring up the tree. as he did at tit co,,,nonel,,uent of the campaign. My co,,panion then informed me that thsre w.is only one Inore shot left in tihe gun wrhich he handed over to me. I was a little hiiighir up thein tree than he was, and as a Ihd:u rn,,ur'ne. I took out the ramrod, a steel S'...t.h,,."r,.n'nd fixed it in tile muzzle of r:i, I wullllnh-3uh the lion sprang ,. at his r ,,,t .pi'. Ihe lion gave he seemed t ,', ,v . en',mr,., 'ted all his energies in it, i ,..... ri'dern with his paw and \- ,t'tt ,on I saw my companion I lie ghnm io,,d. As the lion's chest was Ip'. "'',1! fufl at me, I pointed the guD as , 1r, l msI,.lhl get to it and fired. I know t'l nii, w. ol.ortl'.y wounded, as he in m19li:tLlv' l,! ,'o his hi,1,t of the tree and fell to the ground. I felt actually sick at in what might happen to my companion if the co lion were not dead, and I resolved that I P would sellmy life dearly, and immediately tl descended. The lion was not dead, but was t( crawling towards my companion, who & seemed insensible, and just as our dreaded opponent put his paw on his shoulder, raising the gun and struck him with all my force on the head with the butt end of it. The lion's attention was thus taken from my companion and transferred to me, and as he was approaching, I again lifted the gun to strike him, but in doing so, tripped and fell with the lion upon me. I gave it all up, but was surprised that the lion did not move. When I looked at him I saw he was dying, and immedi .tely after he struck me a violent blow on the left shoulder withhispaw ashei-olled over and gave upthe ghost. I got up and first went to my companion, who still lay insensible on the ground, but I soon brought him round. I found that his ankle was very severely sprained, and he could not rise. I left him sitting up and went towards the lion. The shot with the ramrod had killed him. He was a noble animal. I skinned him to pre serve his hide as a memento of-L"'" ,,rnpa counfer wihh the ;--.,-n nl got half-way .. .-uown exhausted from the pain ,ny shoulder caused me. The excitement prevented my feeling it before. Luckily, one of our black attendants found us in this state, and got us home, where our wounds were bound up, and much surprise was ex pressed at the wonderful manner in which we escaped. We were unable to move for some time, as we had been too severely handled by the lion. At least, I had been, my companion's fall having settled him. In about three weeks we moved on. On the second day's march we encountered another lion, or a lioness, rather, with her cubs; but our rifles soon put an end to her. We took the cubs, but could never make anything of them, so we sent them into the jungle, to live as best they could. Probably their father would find themn and take care of them until they could do so for themselves. S We wandered about Africa, and we had many hair breadth escapes; it would fill a book, were I to narrate all the adven tures we had. But I will not weary my )e readers witll a ong account of them. Suffice 1_ it to say that we returned at length to the to coast, and shortly after went home, having y been just a year absent. at The blank caused by the death of my a wife was by this time nearly effaced, but I e did not like staving in a place which was a full of sad memories, so I left homo again, d and sailed for Australia. Dt (TO BiE CONTINUED.) ot ________ 