REVENGE. -A TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir-Will you look at the practical reality or plain fact of things, apart altogether from fine high-flown theories, you will have some difficulty in denying that just righteous hatred of villainy lies at the bottom of every attempt to punish it. Well, then, this is simply revenge. If you, or any true man, witness a crime committed say, a cowardly murder, a helpless woman ruthlessly violated, or any other horrid crime-- is your heart not full of righteous hatred, both of the crime and the scoundrel who perpetrates it? I should say more particularly of the scoundrel as being more tangible and farther do you not earnestly desire to see said scoundrel punished even by hanging and ending if necessary r I submit that all true healthy men feel this way towards scoundrels. I do not take any notice of the spurious, maudlin lot who keep snivelling and whining and pining forth their diseased sympathy and misplaced pity for some great criminal. Their sympathy, as Carlyle says, is as contemptible as a drunkard's tears. But among men, I say, the feeling is unanimous and universal to have the murderer and the desire, in all their hearts, to see him executed so imperative that they scarcely breathe freely until it is done. This then is revenge, or, in other words, righteous, heaven- born, and most genuine and authentic hatred of crime. If the legal machinery of organized society is present, men are agreeable that it should be so done ; if not, a very effective machinery will he speedily improvised, and, even if minus horsehair and bombazine, will bring the murderer safely and accurately to the end of his journey, doing justice to him in the strictest sense of the word. What then does all this prove? That there is in every healthy human heart a hatred of crime and a determined purpose to punish the criminal. If we constitute ourselves into society, and appoint a Parliament to make laws for us and Judges to administer those laws, I do not for one moment suppose that the Judge can divest himself of his human nature in ad- ministering- them. What is it that makes a Judge inflict a heavy punishment, adding fifty lashes to it? Has hatred or anger nothing to do with this Even admit that a Judge becomes a superior being on his appointment, and has divested himself of his human nature entirely, and sentences to three years' in irons, with fifty lashes occasionally during the time, a glow of benevolence, instead of wrath, passing through him as he does so. Still, however free from all human feeling the Judge may be, there is hatred and vengeance in the sentence, deny it who may, and in my poor opinion, this hatred and vengeance is celestial-clearly from heaven is all hatred of crime and criminals-the love and sympathy for them as clearly from the other place. On the occasion of that unhappy business when the Duke of Edinburgh so nearly lost his life, the author of that crime would have been dealt with on the spot had not some portion of the people interposed. Had this been done what feeling would have prompted it Revenge taking the form of speedy and instant justice. The slower, more regular, civilised, and judicial process brought about the same result, prompted by the self-same feelings vonge, springing from the righteousness and justice of our tribunals. Judges may speak for themselves, and repudiate the idea of revenge as much as they like. They, and others, may affect to say there is no vengeance in the terrible sentence of death, but looked properly into, it is meaningless otherwise. It is exactly the thing that vengeance would do, only vengeance would be more merciful by being more sudden. How people can pretend to love and sympathise with the murderer and yet acquiesce in his being hanged is a puzzle to me. I say hang the murderer because he is detestable and hateful, and whatever people may say to this, it has the merit of being easily understood. I wonder if it will be admitted that the fifty lashes are given for the purpose of inflicting pain. Whatever it may be called, or whatever may be said about it, it cannot be denied that this deliberate vengeance of the law outs deep. Which is right, the man who hangs, dogs, imprisons, and loads with irons without having, or the man who does it in consequence of hatred ; or, in other words, the man who professes to do it from sympathy, pity, or benevolence, or of who does it from honest, wholesome, righteous hatred and vengeance The proper answer to these questions in the solution of the whole matter. One thing is clear, that those who have a deep unalterable love of right must have a corresponding hatred of wrong, and in punishing the wrongdoer this hatred lies at the bottom of it, and is in every sense a consistent, natural, and religious feeling. If you say the punishment is merely inflicted as an example and to deter others, I say if this is true, it would be your justification in taking an innocent man for such a purpose. To the winds with such folly. You punish for the crime committed and everything else, in tho shape of example and the protection of society, is mere surplusage and accidents. The truth in reference to this matter is not to be arrived at by judicial utterances, or constitutional precedents, or fine moral theories of any kind probably nothing but falsehood in all this. Whoever gets at the truth here will find the readiest method to study well | the laws of God bearing on the matter, and when he rises from this study well grounded, I, for one. believe his love and sympathy will be reserved for very different beings than ! the burglars and cut-throats of the day. -I remain, Sir, yours obediently, DAVID BUCHANAN. . S Sydney, September 24. A CLAIMANT TO THE THRONE OF CHINA. A curious personage, in whom some little interest is taken by the Chinese, has arrived in Canton as a prisoner, together with his wives, mother, servants, and suite, numbering twenty-one persons in all His name is Wongan yee, a Chinaman hailing from Chau-chau-fu, in Kwantung About two months back, it appears he took it in his head to imagine that he had a claim to the Imperial throne, and pretended to have the power of healing the ' sick. He now asserts that he is the rightful Emperor of China, and has several hundred adherents in Chair change. The authorities took no notice of this frantic for some time, until his assumptions began to attract attention among the natives, when they had nine and his family arrested and brought to Canton, where he will be tried by the provincial Judge. His crime is one that will find no mercy, and he whTin all probability find his pretensions nipped in the bud by a sentence of death by the lingering process. Wong Sara-yea is described as a rather fine-looking man, dressed in mandarin garb, and with an imposing pretence. He has few believers among the Cantonese, and there is not the ghost of a chance of any demonstration Jong ai_an_3ie_Ja.hJB f__oi__-North China Eergjtfy 