hews of the day. Russia evidently understands thoroughly that the active ateps taken by the Indian Government are to counteract the influence which the Muscovite diplomatists had ac quired over the Ameer, and thereby prevent the further extension of the Russian empire southward. It is seen also that the Anglo- Indian armies will be more than a match for those of Afghanistan, and that the Ameer will probably have to submit to a I039 of territory, which will be taken to render the Indian frontier uioro secure. This possible con tingency has been mado use of by Russia as a justification for adding to that unwieldy empire. Having . crossed the river Oxus, and established themselves utBslkh, in Turkistan, a fertile district for merly subordinate to Afghanistan, qnd con taining 30,000 square miles of territory, tbey now threaten to annex Merv, a district to the west of Balkh, and bordering on the desert of Khiva. The two towns bearing the same names, which are the capitals of the two districts, and distant from each other nearly 150 miles, are insignificant as regards population, neither having more than 5000 inhabitants. They are, however, both important strategic points, Balkh being connected by road with Cabul, tho capital of Afghanistan, and Merv with the impor tant city of Herat, which is . regarded as the gate into India from the north, and ia barely 100 miles south of Merv. The St. Petersburg correspondent of the Earth German Gazette, writing on the above subject last Ootober, says : — "In tho event of an Anglo-Russian war in Europe, General von Kaufmnun would have occupied Merv and Herat. Russia, regarding Afghanistan as a good buffer betweeu England and her self, has always kept on friendly terms with tho Ameer, but never committed the mistake of subsidising an Oriental who deems it an honor to break his word to an infidel. I f Shere Ali selected this moment for the beginning of the long- planned war, ho was probably actuated by the be lief that the Indian semi- independ ent Princes, exasperated by the English demand of a reduction of their troops, will mutiny in the rear of the expeditionary corps. ' Should Shere Ali be beaten and his territory be annexed, Russia will occupy Merv and Balkh, when the fiction of a neutral country intervening between the Russian and British sentinels will C9ase to exisi." Writing to the Times on tho question as to the proper steps for the British Go vernment to take in view of Buck advance,' Sir Bartle Frere Observes : — "As for mak ing an advance upon Merv by Rus sia a casus belli, I do not think the proposal will stand examination ; the place is nothing to us except as a step 'towards Herat and Cabul, and it is not. a ne cessary step to either ; to prohibit the Rus sians from taking it might, in the event of their. |iiHTdtng qur prohibition, force them to turn itj and thus ddlay for some' short . time the extermination of hordes of robbers and man-stealers, whose intervention be tween us and Russia must ever be a fruitful source of misunderstanding. Bnt the Rus sians will not, or, more correctly speaking, they cannot, stop for any mere throats or promisos of ours." The arrnngoineots for the conduct of busi ness in the Government departments during the . absence of the Chief Secretary will bo finally decided upon at the Cabinet Council to be held to-day. Sir B. O'Loghleo will administer the Chief Secretary's department until Mr. Berry's return, and Mr. W. Col- lard Smith will nndertake the duties of Treasurer, in addition to those of Minister of Education. Mr. Smith will be temporarily relieved of all responsibility with regard to the Mines department, although he will not resign his position as Minister of that depart ment. It is intended that the Mines depart ment shall be administered by Mr. Lougmore in connection with the Lands department. It has long been tho opinion of some mem bers of Parliament and others experienced in departmental affairs that the two depart ments should ho placed under tho same head, as the business of each trenches npou that of tho other. The proposal to have the departments practically amalgamated is one which circumstances would appear to justify. It is tho determination of tile Go vernment, therefore, to try the experiment. Should it prove successful tho new arrange ment will be made permanent. No change is to made with regard to Mr. Patterson's position. That gentleman already has his bands full ; the important business connected with the public works, and the extensive reforms which he is effecting in the Postal department, requiring his careful and unre mitting attention. Mr. T.alor will also re main at the head of the Customs depart ment ; and no some important negotiations with reference to fiscal matters affecting the neighboring colonics ore to he conducted by him during the reo'ess, he Ijrill be fatly 'ocjsji? pied with the discharge of bis very respon sible duties. Mr. H. II. Haytor, the Government statist, baa been appoiuted secretary to the commissioners who are about to proceed to England in order to consult with the Im perial Cabinet upon the reform question. This will of course necessitate the appoint ment of some competent person temporarily to carry on the business of the Statistical department in his absence. The subject will no doubt bo dealt with at the Cabinet council to.day. It is not the intention of the Government to remain idle during the recess. A good deal bas to be done in the way of the prepa ration of measures to tie brought on next session, and the most vigorous steps will be taken in the departments respectively con cerned. Tho Public Works departmeutis about to commence an inquiry into the sub ject of the aunual expenditure of local bodies with a view to tbo re-diBtribution of the yearly subsidy granted by Parliament, it is intended to obtuin the fullest information in order that a comprehensive scheme faoy be laid before Parliament next session. It has been determined to give a farewell banquet to Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson before their departure by the mail on tbe 28th inst. for Englaud. The movement has been started by several prominent Minis terial supporters, aud thero are indications that it will be taken up warmly by the party generally. Should the Chief Secretary and Professor Pearson adhere to their pre sent intention of setting out by'tbe Decem ber mail, the bauqubt will take place on tho eveniug before. A lawn fete was given nt the residence of Mr. W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., at Ruportswood, Sunbury, on Saturday, the Governor ami Lady Bowen and upwards of 300 guests being present. Miss Rosiua Carandini, Mrs. Cutter, Signor Paladini arid Mr. Lamblo were present, and entertained the enropauy with vocal music, tho affair passing off very pleasantly. Tho Attorney -General granted letters pa tent on tbe 29th ult. to Messrs. Johnson and Robertshaw, of Corowa, N.S.W., for an improved clotheB-washing maoliine ; and to Mr. John Mitchell, of Eaglehawk, for a low- pressure rock drill. On the 0th inst. letters patent were also granted to Mrs. Bertbel, of Powlctt-street, East Melbourne, for an im proved contrivance for exhibiting tho names of streets and persous, and for other analo gous purposes ; to Mr. E. Breffit, of London, for an improved apparatus for charging or filling bottles with aerated liquids ; to Messrs, Siddeloy, Siddelcy and Macitay, of Liverpool, for improvements in apparatus or appliances to he used in the manufacture of ico (this applicatiou was unsuccessfully op posed by Mr. Umphelby) ; and to Mr. G. A. h'ariui, of Londou, for improved apparatus to bo employed in theatrical or gymnastic performances, Mr. Waters appeared for all the applicants except Mr. Mitchell, who conductod bis own case. The testimony to tho good quality of American goods, produced under tbo protec tive regime, which was published in Friday's issue, ts amply confirmed by some imports from tho (Jnitud States which may be seen at Messrs. Buckley aud Kuan's establish ments. Thoy consist of goods mado at the Wausutta Mills, Now Bedford, Massachu setts, and comprise sheetings, calicoes and other cotton fabrics in great variety. They are utterly without the dress so noticeable in many English goods of the same class, and which are thereby placed at a great disad vantage. The American cotton cloths are perfcotly pure, well made, strong, and can lie sold here at less cost than English pro ducts of equal quality. This shows that there is no foundation for the assertion that protection increases tho prices of the articles produced under its auspices over those made where free-trade prevails, as in England. A fruitless attempt has just beeu made to bring about a settlement of the dipute between the Melbourno Harbor Trust and Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. It appears that a few dayB ago the .Harbor Trust eviuend a more placable disposition than they had previously shown towards tho com pany in question, and tlierewero hopes that a ' satisfactory understanding might be arrived at. They offered to refer the question in dis pute to Air. Kerferd/ who was to act ns a sort of mutual friend in the matter, doing his best for tho Trust, whose standing coun sel be is, yet acting in a fair and concilia tory spirit towards the other parties to the dispute.' Mr. Croker, solicitor to Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co., had several interviews with Air. Kerferd, and the terms of an agree ment were entered upon after niuoh nego tiation. According to the proposed agree ment, Messrs. Wright and Orr were to retain their two docks with tho two entrances, and they 'were to receive a certain sum' as compensation for allowing the commissioners the disputed piece of land, which obstructs tho navigation of the river at tbe entrance to tho old dock. It was stipulated, however, that in effecting this removal the commis. sioners must not injure the dock entrance for a period of three months, thns affording time to Alessra. Wright and Orr, to erect the gates at the new entrance which it would be ueceBsary to construct. The owners of the dook were to have all the buildings on, and tho timber taken out of, tbe land in the course of the operations for the removal of the obstruction, and Wright and Orr were to transfer to the Trust a strip of land on the eastern side of their freehold, which would be added to some other laud already occupied by tho Trust, and used as a marine yard, a further portion, at the back of which, might also bo obtained witli the consent of Mr. Lougmore. The negotiations, after having been con ducted so far that a settlement was believed to have been arrived at, were suddenly broken off by the chairman, on behalf of the commissioners, without any satisfactory reasons being given. Thero is no hope, therefore, that any understanding ill-be arrived at for somo time to oome, as Alessrs. Wright, Orr aud Co. are jdotermined to defend their rights to the last extremity. Tbe Government astronomer reports : — The weather throughout the post week was fine and pleasant, in the beginning very warm, on tho 4th squally with light showers of rain, on the 5th and 0th fine with a cool fresh breeze, and on the 7th again warm, with heavy dew on the' nights of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 0th and 7th.'' The highest tem perature in the- shade, 87.0, was recorded on the afternoon of the 7th ; tbe lowest, 47\. S, on the early morning of the 4th. The highest reading of the barometer, 30.C03 inches, 011 the morning of the 5th, with a moderate breeze from S.S.W.; tho lowest, 29.613 inches, on the afternoon of the 2nd, with a light southerly wind. Rain fell to the amount of 0.03 inches, makiDg the total rainfall /since the beginning of the year 25.13 inches, as compared with 22.C9 inches during the same period in 1S77, or an average of 24.54 inches during the last twenty yesrs. A telegram was received by the Chief Harbormaster on Saturday, stating that the Teazer, a small ketch, bound to' Queensoliff from Melbourne with fencing material for the railway, went ashore during Friday night on the east bank of Cole's Channel. The' crew, whose number was unknown, were all landed safely at Point Edwards, near St. Leonards. __ Lv,; . The defaulting sectoryjdf, jig? SYed/rab- 'lic Library, writes" on; Geelong correapon- , j m, '». .u'v -»« - u dent, was on Saturday committed for trial at the next assizes ou five charges of em bezzlement, and one ot forging a name to a receipt for coals supplied to the Free library. At the police court on Saturday morning Albert Jones and Jamea Walker, each having a string of aliases, were committed for trial at tbe Assize Court on charge of horse stealing at Teesdale. Captain Mandeville offered to test the marksmen at the Queensoliff batteriea by running the Cerberus past them. We com mend to his notice a novel and simple method of expeditiously ascertaining the distance of a passing ship from a battery which has been lately tried with very successful results in Holland. The detachments of garrison artillery quartered in the coast defences of the country were assembled last month at the Helder to undergo a course of instruc tion in firing at moving objects ; the target used being sixty metres long and resembling in shape the side of a ship, and being towed past the battery from . which the practice was carried on at distance! varying from 700 to 1500 yards. On the shore out side tbe battery two posts of observation were established, 850 yards apart, and placed in telegraphic communication with a central station behind the battery. At this station a large chart was stretched on a table, having the battery, the two posts of observation, and the adjacent coast line ! marked on it. Round each of the points in dicating tho position of the two posts, a circle, graduated in degrees, was drawn, and nt each point again a ruler, pivoting on the point, was fixed. When, therefore, it was required to ascertain the distanco of a passing object, observers sta tioned at the posts noted the angle contained by tbe line joiniug the two posts and a line from each of the two posts to tbe object, and telegraphed this to the central statioD. There tbe rulcre on the chart wore turned to the corresponding ahgics on the circle, and their interso'ctroh cofisF<juehtly indicated the exact position ot the moving object on tho chart at any given moment. A third ruler, marked witli a scale of metres, was fixed oil the chart, pivoting on tho _ battery ; and on this being turned to tho point where the other'two rulers intersected, the distance of the ship from the battery could be at once read off in metres. In actual practice this method was found to work admirably, the distances of- tbe target as it was towed by a steamer past the battery being so correctly measured that more than hnlf the projectiles fired from a rified twenty-four centimetre gun struck the mark. The danger of allowing children to play alongside of vehicles was painfully illus trated at Clifton-hill one day last week. One of the three-wheeled omnibuses was standing outside the stables there and an employe of the company had to run it into the yard. He allowed n number of boys to assist him in doing so, and one little fellow eight yeara old, a son of Air. T. H. Light- foot, the authorised surveyor of the Keraug district, was helping to push the vehicle when he fell and one of the large wheels passed along his body from thigh to head. His limb, was fearfully bruised, and he was reodered insensible from concussion of the brain aud bas since died. Harry Smith, twenty-four years of age, residing at Somerton, was admitted into tho Melbourne Hospital last night, suffering from a fracture uf tbe leg; caused by falling down. James Jackson and William Ireland, two larrikins, were locked up last night on charges of housebreaking. It is alleged that the two offenders are members of the band or housebreakers who have recently been carrying on operations in the 'suburbs. Rather a sensational robbery was reported at the Fitzroy Police station early yesterday morning by a man named Daniel Stapletoii, who stated that he had been robbed of £31 6 in notes and a silver watch. He explained that he had been drinking in Alelbourne on Saturday night, and when going to his rerd- dence in Fitzroy he sat down on the kerb stone in a street and fell asleep. When he awoke he discovered that be had Been roblied of his money and watch. The money was in a pneketbook, which Stapleton stated, he had placed in the breaBt pocket of his coat. It will doubtless be gratifying, remarku the Gippsland Mtrc.ary, to those who Slave entertained gloomy anticipations of this sea son's harvest to know that tho yield is not likely to be so bad as it was feared it would he. There is no doubt that the fierce hot and high winds and the exceptionally dry weather which have for some time post prevailed will affect the harvest to an. appreciable (ixtent, and that in a few isolated cases rust lj as put in fin appearance, but the aacouh'ts received are rather cheering than otherwise, ao.d there is every probability of the average of tbe grain croplf being quite equal to any lor some years. ! Tbe last publia procession in connection with Air. Burnett's visit to Sandridge took place on Saturday laBt, and was as successful as those which preceded it. At the mass meeting Air. J. B. Patterson, M.L.A., pre sided, and addressed the assemblage; and Mr. F. Longmore, ALL. A,, and Air. Barnett followed. After thiB meeting the usual entertainment was held in the Town Hall, Air. F. H. Derbam presiding, and Alias E. Iliddlestone nt tho pianoforte. The chair- niau, in a few. words, expressed his earnest sympathy with Mr. Burnett and his co workers in their philanthropic efforts. Alessrs. Longmore and Patterson also ad dressed the meeting, and each bore testimony to the unexampled efforts of Air. Burnett in the temperauce cause. Air. Burnett thanked the speakers and the meeting for their good wishes; and expressed a hope to be with them in Sandridge again on his return from New Zoaland. Tho result of the visit has been that 227G signed the pledge. Air. Burnett and the Rev. Kerr Johnston conducted a Bervice yesterday on board tho s. Hankow, lyiug at the Snndridgo Rail, way Pier, at which there was a very large attendance. An earnest appeal was made to the audience for subscriptions in aid of the Greenwioh Hospital for Seamen, This is tho third collection in aid of seamen's funds whieh Mr. Burnett has been instrumental in raising in conjunction with the Rev. Kerr JobnBton, and through the courtesy of tho ship's officers. Tasmania, Bays, the Cornwall Chronicle, ia rapidly becoming a second Cornwall in the quality and extent of its tin supplies. Four years ago the value of tin and tin ore ex ported from the colony was barely £700, while in 1877 the value of the metal sent out of the country was nearly £270,000, and the industry has received a t'reBh impetus in the discovery of a new lode-bearing district. By the discovery of the lodes of Mount Bischoff the colonial miner was able to eompete on equal terms with his fellow-craftsman in Cornwall ; and as the tin mines of the old country bare fallen off in productiveness, those at the autipodes have been able to make up for their failure. The mining industry of Mount Bischoff has now found a rival in the discovery of a tin mountain nt Alount Heeins- kirk, on -the West Coast; the "wash dirt" is 20 feet thiok, and produces abont 24 per cent, of tin ; but the existence of solid seams of metal, traversing tbe mountains in veins several feet in depth and width, have thrown even these productive works into the shade. ( A correspondent of the Brisbane Courier, in alluding to the question of the employment of South Sea islanders in Queensland, says : — " Could a certain member of) the Govern ment, orsomeof those whodeorytheemployers of the islanders, have only been present at Dungeness when a member of ' poor slaves ' went on board the Lady Darling for convey- auce home to the Sontb Seas, I think he would have come to the conclusion that it is a good thing— not only, for themselves and their employers but for the whole colony — that they came here. Whatever doubts I had in- my mind were dispelled at once; never did I see such a miscellaneous collection qf articles as were tumbled into that ship. The veritable box, filled with tomahawks, pipes, prints, tobacco, calico, beads, pots, pans and dozenB of other articles; whilst in' addition each man had his much- coyeted musket, .a . dozen or two long knives, picks, spades, saws— crosscut and hand — umbrellas, grindstones and. a variety of other things onn would hardly think the 'untutored savage' would ap preciate. Each man who left these shores took with him over £25 worth of goods, and but a very small portion of these were trumpery articles, for the Solomon islanders have a great eye for the useful as well as the ornamental. When the time for parting drew nigh, the boyB seemed very loth to leave. Tears were visible in the eyes of many of the more tender-hearted. . Hp to the last they oould be seen hand in hand with those who were to remain behind, although in every case they were from other islands, and at last, when the moment for parting really came, some aotnally refused to go. Their boxes, with all their contents — muskets, powder, gaudy handkerchiefs — everything was given np, and, sacrificing all their three years' earnings but the clothes thoy were dressed in, they returned to their mastors' employ for another three years' servitude. In nil over half-a-dozen remained behind, and I am fully persnaded th4fy .-bid. th'$: ship delayed another 'day, yveiMothsfS WOuId have followed Buit. Mt ws a- stud j- ;to watch the struggle beWeeff u . | | — . f . . , the desire to return hnme to their friends with all their accumulated wealth, and the wish to remain with their masters, and I am positive that had the latter endeavored ta keep them many would have remained but at last, with a volley from their muskets' cheers ad. libitum, and any amount of 'Good' bye, Massa,' they left, with the assurance' over and over again repeated, that ihev would fill him up ship long a good fellow boy plenty, quick no gammon." The fine river reported to have been dia covered by Air. T. B. O'Grady running into Shark's Bay, between the AInrohison and Gascoyne, is stated by the Fremantle Herald to be only a succession of lagoons that the rain has cauacd to flow into each other. The same paper states that the hull of the James Service, as ahe lies where she was lost had been sold at auction for £20. A 'die- had been down, and described the Tessera? broken in two, the after part being quite sound. He was unable, owing to the dis- 1 turbance of the water, to get into the cabin bnt expects to do eo at the next attempt' when possibly something may be found to ! give fuller information as to her loss. From the same source it is reported that there'is just at present great scarcity of work, and numbers of the laboring classes are leaving 1 tho colony. A person in Fremantle has S been applied to as to what terms could ho made with a vessel to take a batch of fifty I emigrants to South Australia, ! The following extract from tho Brighton Gazette of 20th September is amusing to those who are in the secret:— "The Te- legastrograph. — This wonderful inventionhaj been experimented npon by the Governor of AnBtralia. -fir George Bowen, Baron Von Mucllor, Professor Pearson, Air. Ellery, and i about thirty others, stationed at Melbourne j Geelong, CasUemaine, and two other s places, and with complete success. By - placing ono end of the instrument in wine sou'pojjpstera, 'flesh , of chicken, turkey, &c.j; the efi'uet to any number of persons having I another end in their mouth (no matter how !- far away) is similar to eating and drinking, : and u'U the thirty-six persons making the J experiments conld declare what the instrc. : ment was dipped into ; in short wine had the I. effect, of making some of them more or less ?' intoxicated, and when. dipped into scalding. hot soup Sir George Bowen and others re. f mowed tbe instrument from tho month £ thinking they had their months scolded! i" Strange to say, altbongh after the experi. i merit the food looked as tempting as when it ? firsf; came from the kitchen, it was found by f analytical experiments performed by Baron £ Van Mueller to bo utterrly valueless for Iiu- f man sustenance." ; The immense service rendered by cbloro. 'i foam, ether, &&, in the alleviation of pain \ b».s been _ somewhat depreciated by the i danger to life inourred in their use, and tho ' numerous fatal cases recorded as the result ' of their administration. Alany efforts hr.d h been made to find a certain and rapid anti. rlote, but without success, until a very S aim pie remedy was discovered by the lata f Celebrated surgeon, Dr. Nelaton. H13 son, f while quite a lad, was in the habit of amusing j ; himselt by catching mice and harnessing thsni ( to toy carriages like horses. In attaching j them to the miniature vehicles they fie- / quently bit him, and he induced his father j to give him Borne chloroform to enable him ta ' perform his operations without the incoa- -' veniencc of being bitten. On one occasion, having adminiatered the anaesthetic, he raised r the little animal by the tail in a perpend:, cular dircotion, when it immediately turned ' and tried to bite him. Ho mentioned tho / circumstance to bis father, who, upon ret ec. i tion, considered that the explanation was dee i to the fact that the brain, while the being is j asleep, is almost destitute of blond, but , . that on the position of suspension, head downwards, being attained, the circulating ; fluid rushes to the head and awakes the j- animal. Not long after ho had an opportu- nity of testing bis theory. Two eminent : surgeons had to perform an operation at ' Saint Germain-en- Laye, and requested tbe !. assistance of Dr. Nelaton. He happened ta , miss tho train, and, when he arrived by the ; subsequent one, the procfedings had already commenced. The patient was under tho influence of chloroform, and tlio : medical men feared, from the symptoms, ! that a fatal result might ensue. I)r, i Nelaton at onco advised that tbe bead of the ' ' patient should be hung over the side of tho bed and tbe feet raised in the air. Ths ; experimeut was successful, consciousness it- turned, but upon the person being replaced i in bed ali tbe somnolency recurred. The trial waB repeated, and after a suspension oi ten minutes, bead downwards, the effects of the chloroform were entirely dissipated. .80 simple a remedy is one which may be of iu. valuablo assistance to medical men, and may be the means of saving many lives. To-night Mademoiselle Olga Duboin's con. cort at popular prices will take place in the Town Hall. Alademoiselle Duboin, who mil / contribute sevoral pianoforte S0I03, will ha ' assisted by well-known artists, whose names f aro o guarantee for tho excellence of the en. ; tertainment. ' Alias Ado Ward, who has lately returned \- to Australia, after making a tour of the ; world, will appear to-night at the Theatre Royal in her dramatisation of Goldsmith's im- mortal novel, The Vicar of Wakefield. Siuco her arrival Aliss Ward bas played with great i : success in Adelaide, where tho new piece, ! Olivia's Love, stood the crucial test of publia '. and press criticism. The clever performances of the Baldwins i at St. George's Hall still continue to attract ; large audiences, the crush on Friday evening ' on the occasion of his Excellency the Go. 1 verncir's visit being enormous. This week is announced as the last of tbe season, as ' arrangements have beeu made for other I places. A new programme will he presents! s to-night, whioh will include, amongst other ' novelties, blood-writing ou the arm, ai practised by Foster, the medium, Thoua who have not yet witnessed this entertain- : ment should avail themselves of the few re. maining opportunities. ; Tho usual orgau recital by Mr. David I.ee, I in the Town Hall, took place ou Sstur. ' diiy evening. Boieldieu's overture to La i Dame Blanche was played in a masterly manner, tbo beautiful effects being well ; brought out. Tho gavotte iuG, by Sydney j Smith, was rendered with exquisite taste ; j and the fantasia on Americau airs, arranged j by Air. David Lee, aud Plumpton's Grand March Militairo were given in a moat e-tfec- | tive manner. The aria, With Verdure Clad, f and the chorus, The Heavens are Telling, ; from Haydn's oratorio The Creation, were played with artistio skill and expression. ; Eaoh number met with the approbation of ; the audience. A grand moonlight concert, which at. i tracted a large assemblage, was given in the ; Botanical Gardens on Saturday evening in 5 aid of the fuuds of tho Asylums f or the Blind ; and the Deaf and Dumb. The weather wsi ; delightfully fine, and the entertainment s pnBsed off in a most successful manner. Tbe j conoert commenced with a march played by j the East Collingwood and Richmond and tbe Emerald-hill Artillery Bands. That wae ; followed by selections by the East Colling. : wood and Richmond Bonds and the Emerald- j hill Artillery Band respectively. The Ger. : man Liedertafel sang several choice mar- \ ceattx with .the skill and precision for which , the members of this association are so favor- ; ably known. Airs. Edwards sang Let the 1 Bright Seraphim, from Handel, with such I effect as to elicit an enthusiastic encore, j and Air. Aloronoy gave a rendering of the s aria from Mozart, Within This Holy Temple, with equal success. Airs. Cutter, v.bo _wes in excellent voice, sang the song, A Inttlo Mountain Lad, with great taste and oxpres- ; aion, the result being that slie was enthnsi- j astically applauded, aud had to repeat tbo : last part. 8ome further performances were ; given by the bands, after which the proceed, j ings terminated with a brilliant pyrotechmo illumina-ion of the lake, which afforded great amusement to. the spectators. Mr. D'Aroy Read's Ghost Matinee, on Saturday afternoon, at the Athenteum, was crowded with juveniles, and a large number of adults also availed themselves of the on 1 pertunity of being present. So euccessfnl, indeed, was the result of this midday exhi bition that another matinee is announced for next Saturday. The usual evening enter tainment was also largely patronised. Air. Thomas Walker delivered another of his trance lectures at the Academy of Malic last night, tbo subject on that ocoasion being Roman Catholio Theology and the Church oi England Prayer Rook. The house was well filled in its various portions, and the lec turer, whose discourse consisted principally oi a condensed history of early Christianity in the form of Roman Catholicism and tbe rapid development and progress of Protest- autism, was listened to attentively through out and was frequently applauded. Several questions were put from the audience at the close of the address and answered by tbe lecturer. .There will be a popular 'concert at the EmeraltMii'l Academy ol iluR'.c .lo-night, at which Voltaire, ihs ventriloquist, will appear. Sir. It. V. E. SUclvor will deliver a lecture ci Reelected Fertilisers, In tho ball or lhL\,1 Agricultural Society, Kirk's Bazaar, at ball-p«st twe to-day. , ;. Deacinttos npon tho Influence ot poetry" over inu'- vidnal and national character. Mr. T. P. Gil'. " lecturwat the Inatltutlon In Sprtoc-itrert; on / rtJ'- iEiiated Updo the necAblty of educating the »u urn acd Instructing the Intellect stauluneouslv ilflrt at the znorst sense should be the 1M "JKJ the tewher How tbat could be ac- JJJUjJShtd Mr. Hill showed bymany apposite ex- AMtratolan olasTVorks will be opened this .riminm. The Chief Secretary and other members !iihe Ministry are expected to bo present, i 'obliges" booths for the moonlight concert nvdnesday, snd the cricket match on tbo fol- dia, will he sold br Mesas. m'CoUocn. Camp- Kf 2d Co.. at Kirk's Bazaar, at noon to-day. ih. ozcureion steamer Golden Crown will leave ilswidridce Kailway Pier on-a moanllcjit excursion SfSuT evenin/next. with a Bret-clew band on gLrl for the amusement of the axcumionlits. vie Melbourne Lodge No. 1, I.O.G.T., ueia tneir — -rtViw meetinz t tho lexnpsranco Hall la-t SrTvcnL 'n.reo candidates «re initiated and lichen proposed. The G.tV.S. was prraent. and fhewurse of a tew remarks which lie addressed to .I.Lcdce urged the members to aid In tho establlsli- mfnt of e.ffce houses by taking up shares, the tonna ge? these institntions being a certain means of Aimitting total abstinent principles. Atffie Wesleyan Church Sunday School- room, (Voire on Wednssdajfcvenlne lost, a presentation M mile to Mr. Samuel Mills, late warder. Sir. Slllsm Warwick, oenior chief warder, presided, and i- in enlozi9tjc terms of Mr. Mills, Mr. Boan Qjddin then presented n Bold albert chain, with cold 2d>l bearing a suitable inscription. Mr. Mills nuAed his late comrades for their kind wishes, and 27 h7wonld attach tho chain to a watch presented Shim on hi severance from the 64th Fejrimpnt. Toe monthly meeting of the councll of tUo Vlctorian i«fi#mv of Art was held on Tuesday last, Mr. O. 1,'et. p-esident, in tho chair. Mr. John Mather and w Boscbe were proposed for election as qsso- Xes of the academy. The new rules and tho annual ££rt were ordered to be printed and circulated. Smut. Katies, Rlcly and Curtis wcrengaln appointed tSamraitteeoI tho ladies' school ; and Messrs. Richard- ton' Foster and Nelson of; the life school. The retro- Em,, for the exhibition having been read over, Mr. K, proposed, Mr. Nelson seconded, and it was Sj thatthe margin to be allowed to water-cotor he four Inches instead of three, as be ore. The monthly meeting of the director, of the \ lctorlan Bomane S'>c!ctv was held on Friday afternoon ; Mr. Silks in the chair. It was soggested that rendents h the countrv districts should he requested to com. ouoieite to the secretary any dangerous Places near Own or dams where it wonld bo desirable to place ihe society's lifebuoys. The following awards were, u,e recommendation of the medal committee, con- , ' ...Geo. A. Lilly, for saying the life of a woman utcv W.'C. oni w dares And., stormy . ntaht. , medal ; John M'Qee .nd 'ttomaa. ftyip. tor Kmthebteof Walter Tucker by diving .Mto the W? wlicc the hoy fiad alndfc hi the mud, And tnmn'ng him to land, each bronze meual ; Andrew Srfv for walking a'on footboard of three railway urrUees (train going about thirty- flvo miles per hour) £j climbing on to tho roof to extinguish a lire, cer- Mri-c- Con-tublu John M'Gunn, Cavondhh, for at- Lmuiin'zto riicue a bov Irom the river, tho current hein' very strung at tho lime, certificate. 'I lie follow. I'm applications for awards were deferred Robert Flint and Johnston Barclay. 