.T,H E P H AN T DBUaM 1 N E R. . , 1> i . f 4 Htorij, of the 'oMfjjoltldifff/inf/ \days,) Thll you a ghost story," said my. uncle Ned, a halC old gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar affair thfit happened 6ii Tallmaus Gully,'iu 1859." We were all attention, and listened to the very remark able narrative he related in the following manner : "You must kiiow," commenced my uncle, "that I and four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the xiver — living, I said, I should have called it existing, for wc were most unfortunate, only finding suflicient gold to keep us in the commonest tucker. After our everyday's work, you maj'' be sure we were tired enough ; but we were every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink of a' pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This confounded noise alw.aj's commenced at midnight, and did not cease until the break of day. One night wc were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied for(;h in the bright moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim Avhieh had been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; | but -when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, j transtix'ed with hoiTor,— for the" wearer of the digger's clothes no ciny niaii, hilt a, xkeloton " Uncle Ned 1" wc all cried, " how fearful." One night;ibur tent -was visited by. a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who enquired for a digger of whom, we knew nothing about. Heitold us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from one. of Her Majesty's ships, and started for the Tallmans gold fields. , They worked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. Before he went; , he said to his mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and they-pafted. 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex.- digger, daiid there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board ;-4nd now that I have obtained my discharge, I have hastbhed up here to find ray old chum.' 'You will see him.dorhight,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' f At midnight, the everlasting clink of the phantom's Ipick was heard; and we all turned out. 'Ah 1 ' cried the sailor, ' there's dear, old Bob. Bob, here I am back. "Bob, speak tpAmev'/,VHe.\r figure, which turned 'its hideous face on him. With a loud shriek the seeker fell senseless oriith'eTground. i lThc; ghost threw down its pick, aird vanished., .,,Jn.. the. morning ,wc discovered the poor sailor a ravmg luiiatic. " . .f'jOh, vuncje-NedJ what a fe'arfurstory."\ > "V;- . '' Well, ' you 'asked Eie 't'o 'tell''you"'ii'1fiory, and I have done so.d'jc.fcir.fry r ' s - i ".Th"en,'it;is liotdrne ?" .'.7 j i.-jnv ,. ' Well, said duraincle, laughing, " it is as true|iis many of thevabsufd.yarus thatfg'ot: about duringi.the .raging of Iheigold.fever;' ;;.!Ah,ithose.were strange daj's,;. when men wouldj undergo, any! ahiount of ipri vation fori a few ounces of golcl. How different'ltjis .libw; .ifoiv should' a. man be pushed for a large or small- amouutmU that .'he has to do is to have anrintbrvlevvvAvitfi : . DAHPrHE NBY,-,0fyo2:.Gollins street- east,- WhoihaSrfrpm tiho tp.l£jLQ,OOO.tp.lend; on notes ot hand, bills of sale (with or ivithout security), salary orders, life policies, certificates,..deeds,fbill: of, flading, legacies, goods, merchatidise,-,o.n expected .remittances,- or .on moneys per sons may be entftleiVtp from Biighind and, elsewhere, ei:c., . i'ei)ayal.ile to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted daily at thelowest rate of interest, and niorlgages'frbin 6 peiycent:'; i : ' .0 .i. , ; 