There still remains . some y round for hoping that our political sthrmbinls will not . have it in their -power to use much longer tho Main Lino Railway, as- a new weapon of -party , warfare, : without „ any consideration for .-the interests'-: of the colony. We confcsB that, so far, it is now ... lam. ill.l ll.a 'am.lma.ami. |>ui uiuwu . us . iu uupu . vuaii uiv tiupiusvuut- tivos of : tho. people of Tasmania,- in Parliament . assembloJ,.. will be able , to demonstrate, , by tho- best of all practical proofs, namely, tho prompt payment of a just debt, that .thoy are not, , and. havemot, been, fairly described when characterised as rcpudiators , of their ; justly incurred pecuniary obligations., , We cannot, how ever, - censure stracgers living sixteen thou sand miles apart from lis, on the opposite, side of the, globo, if they judge us by the utterances and'acts of thoso wopormiD' to speak and act in our namo, ana as it wore on our ,bpfihlf. ' /For soma years wo havo permitted ascertain jotivnril, cud a very uncertain trusted bf public or of any. other, kind of confidence, to appear . beforo ( the world 'as if they had been spdciiilly commissioned to write and speak in the name of Tasmania. It.was useless, nay dangerous, for aiiydno to question the right of a few prominent and trading libellers, with out character,' social status, or principle, to thrust their defiling patronage nnd ser vices upon a people who, although suffi ciently astute to estimate the dangorbns consequences of oven tacitly recognising such .unworthy .protectors, Or accepting 'tlteir'servicos, yet passively submitted to their odious and immoral domination. Wo . have . how, however,'" substantial grounds for believing that this railway controversy,, associated as, it is with so many startling. and suggestive, incidents,, and linked as it. is' with the history of the last few, eventful yoarB of.wtfat. is called " responsible goyornmohttV; in Tasmania, will not bo barren of 'sbmo' good results, nlthongli not"1 of 'such moral weight as to , compensate for the immonse, but, we liopo,' .temporary, loss of character and prdBtigb the people havo 'sustained through tho .obstinacy of some, , and the dishonesty of many,, of thosewo have, toour great discredit aba serious' loss of reputa tion and opportunities to improve our material position,' pormitted' to act and speak before tlio world as bur accredited representatives. , - , - ; < i What' tho naturo of tho proposition —if any— is lliat tho Premier will be prepared to submit for tlio consideration of ' Par liament, this afternoon, ws of courso havo no meaps: of .knowing. ''We can only, therefore, present our own views oh the subject, as they have been either con firmed or modified by the contents of the papers laid upon, tlie . table of t>e House of Assembly yesterday, after ho had dosed a few' formal and introductory remarks. In reference to the case submitted to the English1 counsel, ' and the opinions ex- ' p'res3edi thereon, wo ' may. ro'mnrk ' on pas- Bint, that it docs nppear rather strange that Ministers should have allowed tho members of tho London Deputation the privilogo / of reading' official-documents, - which only a fow days before were! withheld from the "representatives of tho people, on tho ground "that their production might injuriously affect tho position of Ministers when nogociating1 terms of agreement:. 'with Colonel Grey and Mr. Davison," It now uppoare thesu vory documents were placod at die service of tho Deputation as soon as they were asked for. Wo aro far from censuring Ministers for making such a conoossion to 'the: representatives of one of the parties to .the coutract ; but wo (cannofc see why, or for whst reason,' the same courtesy was not extended to the. members of lthe House of Assembly. And then, again, it will bo recollected, jthat whou Mr. Grant requested to bo favored with an oppor tunity for rending the case submitted to, and the opinions of English cbunaol thereon, ho was informed by tho Colo nial Secretary, in a letter dated 25oh June, 1878— . " That the. Government have received an opinion from English counsel upon the ques tions in dispute respecting your Company's contract obligations, and the rights and remedies of the colony, but that, inasmuch as this opinion was' obtained for the informa tion bf tliv Government, aud contains advice as to; their action , under various eontin- .gcncics,' it : is . not their intention '.to place it at the disposal of the Company, UNLESS DIRECTED 'TO DO SO BY PARtTA- 'MENT." It is, however, notorious, that , tho advice. of Parliament was. never solicited or taken on the subject, and that tho document refused; to - Mr; Grant;; nnd: subsequently, to bo; produced; to. Parlia ment, has been placed at.. the sorvice of tho members of tho Deputation. The lotter of tho Colonial Secretary wns merely written for the purpose; of gaining time, and witlra view of delaying as long as possiblo tho scorching exposure of1 the imbecility, the mischief-making cunning and duplicity, which have been so long at work endeavoring to prblbfig a most dis honestly planned "quarrel by . keeping tho public as ' much ! iii' the dark' as possible. TccliriicftUy; the letter! bf Mrl Moore to Mr. Grant might bq'resoued from a direct impu tation. of being, an iiigenibusly concoived ' falsohood — bii t " morally J and ' practically, it is eventually. a lie— 1f or it Was meant to deceive, and did' dbccive , and . this 'cqiisti- tuted' tho'vvry'rapriil easencebffalsqhbocl. Now that th'e "impbraht 'docuhibnts have seen, tho-light, "what, wo may ask, appears iii them thabj if published to the' world before tho negociations between the repro,- sontativos of the colony and of tho Com pany met to negociate, could possibly prejudice the case either on tho ono sido or on the other ? Ministers have proved that there was nothing in the papers with held from Parliament iand Mr. Grant -which was calculated to " prejudice tho interests- of the colony by being -made public before the nogocintions wore closed. They wore forgetful, no doubt, of tho .reasons. pleaded by tho. Colonial Secretary for refusing to permit tlio case nnd opi nions to bo seen by Mr. Grant, for they .did hot deem., it neceBsary;to consult Par liament on tho subject at all, but allowed Colonol Groy to make himself acquainted with 'tho contonts 'of' document3"too important :to ; bo entrusted to tho ; inspection bf ' tho members of tho Legislature. How,: >;we 'may ask, doos it happen that tho names of those who stated tlio cose on behalf of tho colony do not ;nppcar subscribers to the paper as printed? Is it because it might look rather inconsistent ;to see' tho namo of -Alfred Dobson to a case very similar to that which ho proposed, we may presume, .for tho- English counsel, nnd upon which he had given an opinion substantially the ssrao as that to which tho names of thrco eminent English lawyers are subscribers, but which, unfortunately for his own credit as a lawyer, ho retracted as soon ns ho received tlio appointment of Attorney- General? It would in no way have lowered Mr. .Alfred Dobson's reputation as a lawyer if ho could now honestly refer to tho fact that lie had the good fortune to ;bo at ono with Sir John Bolknor and Messrs.- B. James and Dodd iu opinion upon a case of so much importance as that which may be said, so far as its legal merits are concerned, to be now settled. It would have added more to his 1 egnl and even personal' reputation to find himself in mental nnd intellectual association with the English , Attorney-General thnn in .official' connection with Messrs. Moore and Btwii. At least this is our opinion; but there is no accounting for taste in such matters. After all that has been said and written by the hypocritical and self-appointed " defenders of the interests of tlie colony, againt the machinations of " foreign swindlers, rascals, and rogues," and not withstanding tho fierceness of the denun ciations daily hurled against those "traitors and villains" who have had tho audacity to maintain that the colony " having accepted the terms 'of the Railway Company — having permitted the train service to bo carried on .without the slightest remonstrance or protest' on the part of the. Government, and having aided the Company to carry on a service they had represented to bo dangerous to the life and proporty of thoso who might avail themselves of tho railway, and' having by all their acts practically acknowledged that the railway was opon : for public service — that tho colony was morally, legally, equitably, and honestly bound to >ay tho intorestguurnnteedon the£050,000. Tor holding and advocating such honest and common souse viows, there was no vile name in the vocabulary of Billingsgate which, was loft unapplied to tho unhappy objects of the unprincipled brawlers and greedy placo-liuntors, who calculated on making not loss than a twenty years' feast upon tho strength of this Main Lino of Railway. But the Nemesis is among the renl -swindlors, actual :and intentional.- Tho opinions of tlio English counsel have ymdicated to tlio fullest oxteht : the -wisdom, the intelligence, and honesty of .tlioso'- who woro donounced as idiots, , 'scoundrels, aud traitors to tlio : colony. Elsewhere wo- publish the case as laid before throe of- tho most eminent legal ;nuthorities in England. The first two or three paragraphs in the "Opinions" absolntely-ru'capitulato and confirm,- liter ally as well as substantially, ail the argu ments and opinions used and. held by those who maintained, that -the Company !hnd a legal and equitablo right to be paid tho interest upon tlio £050,000, and that tho Main Lino Railway Amend ment Aot, 34 Victoria, No. 13, furnished tho colony with la sufficient -remedy to vindicate it coutrect rights in the ovent of t t)\Q Company failing to fulfil thom. Tliis is'substantially a triumphant vindi cation of tlio correspondence by tho few independent men who ' had tho ' moral courago to obey , thoir own honest im pulses. in judging of the merits of a controversy," which wo Bincerely bolieve was planned by two or throb individuals, who, from tho accident bf tlioir 'positions, wore enabled to exercise 'for a 'time a most pornicious influence ovortho opinions, or rather tho drowsy prejudices, of a ponplo remarkable for their aptness to bo. dqpod, aud their readiness, to accept .pro fessions for deeds accomplished, and the preference they, are < -wont - to givo. impostors, and thoir distrust iu those who speak the honest, . but some times unpleasant, truth. Thore novor yet was a -party whoso representatives havo : held power in Tasmania who have been so completely oxposed as . that which at pvesont has for its heud Mr. "W. R. Giblin. Wo are much astonished to find tluit he has so long tied himself to. a, came and a faction so utterly dospicablo in every way as that of which ho has huon so lung tho prominent loador. The loss the colony has sustained during this un necessary controversy with tho Main Lino! Railway-Oompatiy- Is beyond calculation,! but we may safely estimate it at more: than a year's revenue of tho colony, when: wo. tako into account tho value of that. wliich ;wo have actually lost, and that: fwhic!i'we might havo-gaincd, lmd; we the' railway in our possession, and by taking proper steps to feed it from the various districts with which communications hy cheap tram or railroads could , bo estab lished; And for, what purposb havo ?wo carried on this mud dispute? To retire from tho contest, .humiliated by defeat, with oui; 'character branded for.dishonosty, our credit' lowered, and with interest upon the legal pecuniary claims of the' Company to increase the amount we shall have to provide to liqui date all the large sums of interest overdue on : tho guaranteed ' bonds. ' Such aro tho results of allowing, one particular sootier) of the community to continue in office year after year, beqanso, forsooth; cannot find any rpon capable of governing — or rather mis-governing— so woll as tho select few who make place and pay- hunting a profession. We should not be surprised if a testimonial" were swt 'afoot to cncourago all who are aspiring to Bervo thoir country as Ministers, " to go ' arid do as tljo Honorable T. D. Chapman has, dono, aided' by Messrs. Moore and 'the Editor of the ' Meroury/ for tfio sbrvico 'of ihe country." We invite special attention to the cose, and opinions of the English counsel thorcon. - We must own that tho cose has been . fairly put, as it is now,befbro:iiH,. tnit wo may .fie permitted to ihqiiiro— Ha'vo all tho dociimenta con nected with it boon laid before Parlia ment ? Legislative Couxcu.. — Tho Council met at four o'clock yesterday. The Colonial Secretary gave notico of motion that ; an address be presented to Her Most Gracious Majesty, thanking her Ministers for their services in conducting the late peace ncgo- ciations on tho Eastern Question. Sovoral bills were brought up from the ' House of Assembly by message, asking the concur rence of tlio Legislative Council therein. Mr. Chapman considered it was tho fault of the Government that the grants in aid to the road trusts were not paid. Tho Colonial Secretary stated that the conference between tho Government and the deputation from the Main Line Railway Company was still pcbtU; ing. He laid tho caso submitted for tho bpinioii'of the English Attorney-General on tho' table of the House, with referenco to the dispute. The House ok Assembly.—1 Tho Lower Houso did not sit more than half an hour yesterday afternoon. Colonel Grey and Mr. Davison, the Main Line Railway deputa tion, accompanied by Mr. C II, Grant, took seats upon the floor of the Chamber before the Speaker appeared. After a petition from the Hobart Town Hospital Board — that the original draft of the bill presented to Parlia ment to regulate its proceedings, should be reverted to — and another from the rate payers of Fingal, respecting tlio municipal franchise — bad been read, and n largo number of notices of motion given, the Premier made a brief statement to tho effect that no final, issue from tlie negociatious with tho Main Line deputation had been arrived at, and he would not bo prepared to make any proposals to the House till its next meeting. The Premier laid on the table a paper containing the Act to amend the Main Line Railway Act, tlie contract, and the copy of case sub mitted, with the opinions of tho Euglish Attorney- General (Sir John Holkcr), Messrs J. G. Benjamin and Cyril Dodd, thereon. The hon. gentleman did not display anything like his usual fluency of speech, and certainly appeared ill at ease. Tho House, however, was not incliuod to be critical, and when he hinted that lie thought a request for further time would be acceded to, there were ready expressions of affirmation from the Opposition benches. | The Houso adjourned till four o'clock this afternoon. Launckstos Police Force.— :The pro posed addition to the police force, of which advised you last week, has been resolved on by the Council. 1 then briefly reviewed the condition of the force, but would . desire to supplement those remarks by tho follow ing extract from Mr. Superintendent Coulter's report " The municipal force when established in ISoS numbered 30 (in cluding superintendent's clerk). In 1SU3 it was reduced to 27, in'lSG4 to 24, in 1SG5 to 22, in 1805 to 20, And in 1S57 to 19, the present number. : .During these years the population showed little increase. Tho force when first established gave ono con stable to 359 of the population within the town. There Is now about one - to 5S0. Assuming tho population to bo l 1,000, that is an increase of 380 only since 1870. As the terminal station; of -two railways, and tlie chief port for intercolonial passenger traffic, having also two river and three comiting stcamors trading to it, a large number of people cuter and leave town daily. -:It is desirable for ; the. convenience of persons arriving and departing, aud tlio protection of their property, that constables should attend tlie arrival uiul departure of stcamors and trains. ' From tho fact of Launceston being tlie 'chief port of. arrival and departure criminals arc expected to pass through it in seeking rofugo in or fleoing from Tasmania. Conimunicationa aro constantly. received re specting such ' persons, and / tho ' detective officer's time 'is chiefly taken up in seeking ami enquiring after them. I beg to recom mend that tne force he increased. by three constables, which ' "will bring the total strength to 22, or one "constable to each 500 of resident population."— Lannceston Corres pondent. ' Pudlic B.vriis for Lau.vckston.— Our Municipal Council possesses. a few stock sub jects, whioli year after year aro taken off the shelf by any now addition to the Alderinanic ranks, furbished up, and re-submitted. Tho rc:cooked dish gives food for iflenty of dis cussion — also of a stock character — is Bent for report to a committee, who carry out the farce by making recommendations, which the Council, on their next assembling, nega tive, and again shelve the question. Such a course of procedure has prevailed for years past in connection with a proposal to supply Lnunceston-with public baths. On Monday the question was again brought before the: Council > and referred to u connnitteo, for. report'. The Council appeared to bo unani mous as to the desirableness of public baths, but were not at ono on tho question of site or. cost l>ut: that' Mill," of course;' bo dealt with by the committee, who should, ns early as possible, submit'a dofiuite solicme to the 'Aldermen. Alderman Dryadalc, however, docs not scorn satiguinb About the. result; of tho committee's deliberations ; in, fact,, he went so far as to state that they dilly-dallied with tlio matter for n long time, and then it was thrown upon the shelf. Let us hope for a Ixittcr result.— Launecston Oorres- poridonfc. ' 7-' Football , at Richmond. — A corrcspon- dent writos A football match was played at Richmond on Saturday, August 24th, between tho Richmond ami Tea Tree Foot ball Clubs, in a paddock kindly lent for. tlie occasion . by the Rev. S. B. Fookcs. Tho attendance of visitors was somewhat small, doubtless owing to tho very unfavorabln state of; the. weather, a very strong and cold wind prevailing throughout the day. The game in itself was one-sided. Play. com menced at SI p.m., and before time was called, at 5 'p.m., Richmond had secured seven HiicccMive goals, Tea Tree having failed' to obtain even one, owing to their1 very loose style of play ; in fact, Taylor and Paco were the only incrnbcrs of the Tea Tree team showing anything like football play. For Richmond, Cooley, Green, Gaby, Law- ,roncc,; Burns, and Copplcatone- were most desorviqg of notice, the two former astonish ing tho; onlookers by their extraordinary! dodging powers, Rums securing no less than four goal of the seven obtained "by his side.i At thy conclusion of the gaino the Richmond' captain called for three cheers for the Tea Tree team, to which his men heartily re-' snended. Mr, Taylor, captain of ''the Tea 'Ireo team, wjth a few well-chosen remarks, thanked them, and said as his club was yet in its infancy, he did riot expect, to havo scored a victory, against such a team as Richmond, but lie rioped when they met' again to give a better account of themselves. This was followed by three cheers for the umpires, which concluded a friendly after- uftfiti'n sport. Mr. H. Thompson officiated as field umpire, Messrs, Burbury and Jarvis as goal umpires, and gave general satisfaction; Tho return mateh between Oatjaqds nnd Kithmoo'J Junior Clubs has been fixed for tfatfirday, Hopternhor 7, when I hope to see thorn again carry off the palm, and it is .very probable this match will conclude .the foot ball season at Richmond. Theatre Roval. — "Arrah-na-Poguo" was placed on tho. boards last- evening for.'tho second tirno by the : AVheatleigh-Legrand Combination, and attracted a fair house, tho pit and gallery being crowded. iVstho drama was fully criticised; in our previous issuo it is unnecessary for us now -to.; further particularise, hut we.oan inhesitatingly say that we have rarely scon Irish lifo so. well represented. as by this company. .A word of' praise is duo to tho orchestra for their ex-' eollont music, whioli was very appropriate. Tho. overture was. composed of Irinh airs, which wero : very well : played. . To-night IIis<ExcoUoncy..the .Governor, 1ms announced his intention to Jionor.tlio theatre with his presence, and for the occasion a;.double bill has boen prepared." The. programmo com-: uprises two pieces,./' Armh-iia-Poguo ' boirig preceded by another of DioiinBoncicnultV dolightful 'productions,',- ono act drama entitled /' Kerry, :,or. tho, Faithful Servant." When tho piece won played itiiVictoria soinei few years, ago; 'by Mr. Jj O.. Williamson, it: had a ycrv successful run and was highly appreciated. : Mr. Wheatleigh's impersona tion of- the character. of ihojiero fins been very well spoken of by the press of the other colonies, and tlie intending patrons of tlio performance may look forward to a treat. The curtain will rise punctually at 8 o'clock. D'Ancv Read's Ghost.— Extcnsivo pre parations have been ntado for the perforth- ances of D'Avcy Read's mysterious ghost. The first entertainment will be given this evening, at tlio 'JWn llall, ami as the people of Hobart Town always patronise anything novel there is sure to bo a good attendance. Operations. — Two surgical operations were performed at tho General Hospital yesterday afternoon— amputation through the thigli being in each caso successfully accomplished. The medical gentlemen engaged were Drs. Smart and E. L. Crowther respectively. Dr. Bingham Crowther ad ministered the chloroform in tho' first case, -and Dr. Holdcii in the second. Tlio bloodless system of operating was resorted to, so that the patients wcro last night in a satisfactory condition.' ; ! ; ;» : . . Society for the Suppression of Vice.— Tho committco of this society close their report with a statement of tho amount of seizures since '1834 375,049 prints, pictures,1 photographs, find negatives ; 03,4S7 books and pamphlets, illustrated with' engravings ; 5 tons and upwards of letter-press of . tlie same character in sheets, besides large quali ties of infidel and blasphemous publications ; 28,430 sheets of songs,' catalogues, hand bills, etc!'; C933 cards, snuff boxes, and other articles ; OS gross -models, lifo-size',!m wax ; 844 engraved copper 'and steel plates ; 430 lithographic st'ouoa, 174: wood blocks, 11 printing presses, .with all. the tools and ap paratus for printing ; S2cwt. of type, includ ing tho stereotype of several entire works of great wickedness. Fire.— Tho appearance of a, lurid glare in the. neighborhood of the General Hospital, about 1 o'clock this morning, led to the ringing of the firobelt so soon ns its out- of-the- way station could be reached. Ere tliis, however, Superintendent Mahcr rattled Lis reel down Argylc-strect to its intersection with Liverpool-street, where flames were coming in lingo volumes from somo: old wooden buildings used by Mead, tlio well- known carman, as a fodder store. A good jet of water was speedily brought to. play, which was: a few minutes later supple mented by. another from Mr. Hcdbcrg's Company. Before the hoses were adjusted signal sorvice' was rendered with buckets of water by Mr. II. J. Whittington, of the Dramatic Company, and other persons who happened to be close by when tlio fire broke out. Though tho shell of thestruoture was left standing, the presence' of. a. moulder- .ing mass of some two or three tons of hay necessitated tho attention, of the firemen for some considerable time,. , Comparatively fow. people gathered round tlie burning buildings, but, those who- were; nearest tlie hospitei in Liverpool-street had some cause for fun jn the vagaries of a number of the! denizens of the neighboring habitations, who, though assured of the' safety of the lares and penates, continued to' howl most dismally and tumblo' over the bundles of furniture which littered tho footway. The cause of the conflagration is attributed to the presence rind carelessness of one or two wnifs who made the destroyed buildings ii. shelter. Tho damage done is insignificant. Wo may mention that tlio fire took place on that block of land tlio piirchase of! which for tlie extension of the hospital grounds is contemplated. Tiib Art of Ventriloquism. — From tho author, Mr. Fred. Spotswood, tlio Tasmanian ventriloquist, I havo received a pamphlet dealing with ventriloquism, and. giving in structions in tho art. It is highly creditable to tho gentleman who thus makes his essay as an author. — Launceston Correspondent. ' The Late . Supposed Stabmno' Cask. — On luquiry we (tlio "Chronicle") havo ascertained that tho girl who we' stated had been stabbed1 on Sunday in Wellington- streot continubs in a: very critical condition. Dr. Murphy states that pleurisy and inflam mation of tliQuiigs have supervened on what appears to , bo. a punctured wound on tho chest. Tho girl's statement, as to the cause of tho wound is not compatible with tho condition in which she was, found to;be- when oxamincd hy Dr. Murpliy. "She was admitted to the hospital ..Into on .Sunday night, and received immediate attention. She was examined by Dr. Murphy at 2 a.m. the following morning, and continues, as has been already stated, im'a- precarious condi- ,tion. i . ' i i' ; ; , ; ; ' Those members of the Rifle Regiment who have not had their uniforms inspected are requested to attend the. parade at -the barracks .this evening. The first public meeting of the Young Men's Christian -Association is. to be held this even ing, at ithe Freemasons' Hall, commoueing at 8,o'clock. ; .. v; 