RAINFORD'S GHOST ENTERTAIN MENT. There was a good attendance at White's Booms Monday evening, when Mr. J. H. Bainford pre sented a new phantasmagorical entertainment for the first time in Adelaide. Notwithstanding some defects in the management of the lights and ether difficulties which are inseparable from the first presentation of such illusions this part of the entertainment was fairly successful. The illusions seem to be produced bv the application of a similar principle to that of Pepper's ghost. The majority of the phantoms were very clearly defined, and it is certain that all persons present who were unacquainted with the mystery must have believed that the figures which were manoeuvring on the stage before them were real human beings and not reflected images of them. The first part of the entertainment, entitled " Temptation, or the Adventures of Hubert de Burgh," served to introduce a number of apparitions repre senting individuals who by seducive arts endeavour to tempt Hubert from the fulfil ment of a sacred trust. He is, however, pi oof against them, and is rewarded for his fidelity by the appearance of a beautiful phantom of his future wife. The illusion of the phantom Christy minstrels is a marvellous one. The audience are intently watching the actions of three human images in ebony, but quite un expectedly they are transformed into a trio of hoary-headed venerable old men who continue to carry on the grotesque antics of the minstrels who were previously before the audience. With the rapidity of a lightning flash they vanish from the scene, and the coloured folks reappear in their former positions. The last part of the entertainment, however, was decidedly the best. The eccentric movements of a Mephistophelian looking demon, a witch, and another ghost who appear scaling walls with the agility of monkeys on the limb of a tree, and then hover in the air executing most intricate twinings and intertwinings, formed a spectral vision which could not but astonish and at the same time please the audience. The vocal efforts of the members of the company were anything bnt entertaining. The substitu tion of sparkling dialogues would much improve the entertainment. Miss Amy Horton must be excluded from this general remark. Her serio comic singing was well appreciated by the audience. The entertainment is one which must be seen to be thoroughly understood; at any rate a very inadequate idea of it can be con veyed through the medium of a short notice like this. 