JS'EWS OF THE DAY. The consideration of the question of pur chasing the Hobson'a Bay Railway will be resumed in the Assembly on Tuesday, and it is hoped tho debate on the subjeot will be finished on Wednesday evening. There is verv much business on tbo notice paper that should be cleared off this week in order to prepare the way for the free and unfettered discussion of tho second reading of tho Con stitutional Reform Bill next week. Mr. Berry, the Chief Secretary, had an interview on Saturday with Mr. Broughton, the deputy-master of the Melbourne Mint, relative to eomo new regulations submitted by the latter gentleman to the Premier. The regulations in question embody a plan whereby, if adopted, Mr. Broughton antici pates that the business of tho mint will be largely increased. The Premier has the sug gestion under his consideration,. , .. We are au thorised to state that there is no foundation whatever for the rumors relative to despatches from England referred to in a paragraph in a contemporary on Saturday last. As we have already stated, the Secrse tary of State simply intimated by the lat- mail that he had not yet received the opinion of thu law officers of the Crown on the points referred to them respecting tbe crisis. It is known that prior to tho departure of Sir Arthur Gordon from Victoria he stated his views upon the New Guinea annexation " question. As New Guinea was so near to Australia be thought it ought to be uuder the same Government, and would upon his arrival in England adviee her Majesty's Go vernment to annex that island to the British Empire. Tho P. and O. Co.'s steamer Tanjore, from Point do Galle, ships Mermerus and Ben Yoirlich from London, Haab from Frederick- atadt, and Undaunted from Mauritius, were the only arrivals in Hobson's Bay last week, besides those from intercolonial ports. There are, however, several due and overdue, amongst thein the Cadzow Forest, out over 100 days, from Liverpool ; Blue Jacket, out nearly 100 days, from Tacoma ; C. C. Chap man, "out over ninety days, from New York ; Romanoff', nearly eighty days out, from Loudon ; Loch Maree from Glasgow, and Mountaineer from Liverpool, out about seventy- four days. An ordinary meeting of the City Council will bo held this afternoon. Tho following are tho most important matters to be taken into consideration : — Tho report of the public workB.committec, recommending that it be resolved that the council undertake the liability for one-third of tho cost of erecting a new bridge in lieu of Prince's-bridge, from Swanaton- etreet, and of the same breadth as that street, and upon the same level across tho Yarra and the swamp south of it to the St. Kilda-road, near tho entrance to the Go. veroment Domain ; and that it bo aninstruc. tion to the public works committee, with the Mayor, to ask tho Chief Secretary to include the estimated cost of the structure in any loan about to be contracted for publio pur poses, the conditions of payment by the city and by any other municipal ' bodies who may be contributories of any other por tion of the cost to be the interest upon the amounts of the liabilities, and 1 per cent, per annum to a sinking fund. Also a report of the legislative committee, informing the council that doubts having beep expressed as to the legality of the ac. tion which had been taken, without the sanction of the conncil; in breaking up the Carlton Gardens for the building of an ex- hibition, the committee had thought it ex pedient to take the opinion of counsel there upon, which opinion tbe committee submit for tbe council's 'information, and recom mend that a copy thereof be forwarded to the Chief Secretary, with an expression of the council's regret that it is unable, under tho circuinstauceB, to consent to the sur rendering of any portion of tho gardens until the sanction of Parliament has been obtained.' A lecture was delivered on Saturday night in the Athonieum Hall, by Mr. Minton, on tbe Geography aud Early History of and Recent Discoveries in New Guinea. About forty persons were present, aud Mr. D. Cameron, M.L.A., occupied the chair. The chairman, in introducing the lecturer, said that as far sb he understood the remarks published in the newspapers as having been made by Sir Arthur Gordon, that gentleman had said that be would look upon tho members of any party goiug from Viotoria to New Guinea as buccaneers. He thought Sir Arthur Gor don's position ns Lord High Commissioner of the western part of Polynesia gave him no right over New Guinea. The chiefs and people of New Guinea had a perfect right to sell their land to any party. If, however, British subjects were subjected to ill- treatment sfter a fair and proper bargain had been made, then it would be the duty of Sir A. Gordon to protect those British subjects. Mr. Minton, after a minute description of the geographical position and features of New Guinea, gave a brief history of the island since its lirst being sighted by Sir Georgo Steven Lewis, the Portuguese navigator, in 1520, mentioning in thoir turn tho accounts given by subsequent travellers who landed upon the shores of New Guinea. He next described tho characteristics of the native races, who were divided into two great fami lies, viz., the black Papuan and a race of semi- civilised Mahometans wbo originally oame from the Malayan Arohipelago, nnd were a purely Malay tribe. A third small family was obtained through the partial fusion of those two races. The lecturer depicted the customs of tho people of New Guinea, the architecture and construction of their dwellings, and their social liabite. He stated that the gentler sex appeared to possess great inlluence over the men in the direction of domestio and social affairs. He enumerated the produots of the country, which were varied and valuable, and comprised most of those articles of commerce indigenous to moist tropical countries, such as sugar cane, sago, rice, coooanuts, &c.; All - travellers seemed to have agreed in tbe opinion that gold was plentiful in New Guinea, and had been led to do so by the natives themselves. In conclusion, Mr. Minton briefly related his experiences of a visit to New Guinea from the New Hebrides some years since. : He was surprised, amongst other things, to have come across on one occasion fifty or more kangaroos, which were a little browner than the Australian species, and somewhat similar to a rock wallaby. He also saw some cassowaries, something like tbe Queensland cassowary. He had landed on several parts of the coast, and he described the natives as being, on the whole, inclined to friendly re lations with Europeans. At the close of bis address a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer. The Government Astronomer, under dato 21st July, reports as follows : — The weather at the begiuuing of last week was fine and very cold, with sharp frost on tho morning of the loth, and a strong northerly wind with occasional gnats on the 16th, after which it became dull and very mild and hazy, with light misty raiiishowera on the ISth, 10th aud 20th, and remained so until tbe end of tho week. The highest temperature iii the shade, 63.7 deg.t was recorded on the afternoon of the 17th; the lowest, 33.0 deg., on the early morning of tho 15tb. The highest reading of the barometer, 30.009 inches, occurred on the morning of the 14th, with a very light westerly wind ; the lowest, 29.316 inches, on tbe afternoon of the ISth, with a moderate north-easterly breeze and scattered rain. Rain fell to the amount of 0.47 inches, making the total rainfall since the beginning of the year 17.40 inches, as compared with 16.62 during the same period in 1877, 11.16 do. 1876, 1S.45 do. 1S75. 15.64 do. 1874, 15.81 do. 1873, 17.16 do. 1872, 14.10 do. 1871. 16.64 do. 1870, 10.30 do. 1869, 9.62 do. 1868, 12.82 do. 1807, 10.18 do. 1860, 9.G5do. 1805, 14.15 do. 1864, 15.13 do. 1863, 15.10 do. 1862, 14.73 do". 1861, 11.90 do. 1860, 12.86 do. 1S59, 10.0S do. 1858, or on average of 13.6G inches, Y csterday, sermons were preached at St. Paul's Church of England pro-Cathedral, :n aid of the fundB that are being raised for the relief of the sufferers by the Chinese famine. The sermon at the morning service was preached by the Rev. Dr. liromby, and that in the evening by the Rev. T. Pearce. Th. . I alter took for his text the words from I;. I Ixm., 3 : I have trodden the wine.rre I alone, and of the people there was none wS I me. After dwelling upon tho misery a I man which ensned from solitude, and ,L, I jng tho necessity for association with hi! I fellow-beings, tho rev. gentleman proc»eJe4 I to apply tho text to tho subject of h:s as I peal. He said that when he was lirst a-kH I to assist in the movement for the benent of I the suffering Chinese, it was with a feelit. I of dissatisfaction and impatience. ln the' I case of India it was different. The natiru I of India were our fellow-subjects, and in that I sense our brethren. India was the great fitU I for our young men at home, who in tin- I country obtained honorable and lucrative I Bitnations as civiliaus and soldiers, where I they learnt tho arts of administration and 0f I government. But as for the Chin«. I of course the famine with which they wire I nfflicted was a very dreadful tl : t,nt I China was a long way off. Ho had iio £-n. I pathy, personal or otherwise, with the people I or the country. He did not care about them I he might go so far as to say that he did nc I liko them. Besides, the famine was so vait I and so overpowering that all the relief tbev I could send would ho but a drop in tbj I ocean. It was too late ; tho mischief was I done; wo could not remedy it. Such.hecua. I fessed, were the feelings with which, at the I first blush, ho approached the anbject. He I confessed it with shame and sorrow ; fur who I and what was he — what were any of them- I that be or they should dare to justify (he I buttoning up of their pockets, the wrapping I themselves up in a mantle uf exclusivenesi, | and assuming to themselves the right to | "tread tbe wine press alone':" In his in. j spired vision, the greatest of the prophets 1 saw in tho future the Sou of Man. He sitr I a shadowy figure, sprinkled with blood 1 gliding like a ghost sorrowfully desolate 1 alone. It was a vision full. of anper, telling | the seer of God's vengeance for centuries i>( 1 sin, centuries of the foulest idolatry 1 ceptulie.s !of_. forgetfulhess of "the Divine i Creator. As tho prophet guzed npon tho blood-stained vision a change took 1 place in it. Its first terrible aspect I passed away, and was replaced by one I of loving-kindness and tender mercy. The 1 tempest, the earthquake and lire passed I away, and the prophet beard a stiil tmill 1 voice saying that He had relieved the afflicted, and tbat He had redeemed I mankind. The sin of man forced the 1 Redeemer to " tread the wine-press alone." 1 But though He bated sin thus— sin making a gulf between him and mankind— i He mingled with einners in the ordinary 1 associations of life, but His sinless nature I made Him all the time alone. "Who were i they, then, that they should adopt this ci, | elusive " I am holier than thou" priueiple of I action, and dare " to stand aside when 1 from a fur-off land came the cry of sorrow 9 and distress ? Should they be more cxclu- j sive than He was ? Christ was the Saviour a of those afflicted people. They were igno. rant of Him, but let Christians help them 1 for His sake, and should one ot them 1 for whom tho appeal was made be brought to 9 the knowledge of Him who died for them, it I would be their proud privilege to havo tup. j plied the starving heathen, not only with I earthly food, but with the bread of life woa 1 for liim'by the Saviour. j An examination of the telegraphy class at 1 the Industrial and Technological Museum 1 was held on Thursday last. The following j BtudcntB passed, the first six with credit j Misses Constance E. Berridge, E, Burgoyne, j l'licebo Tribe, H. C. Kolloher, Oriental E, j M. Davies, Lily Lawson, Mary T. Daniel, Annie Fausset, Augusta Stone, Louisa O'Brien; and Messrs. M. M'Gratb, Joseph Parry, and J. H. Foote, The Government steamer Pharos returned to Hobson's Bay on Saturday from deliver, j ing stores nt Capo Otway. Captain Payne, ; the Chief. Harbor- master, went in the j Pharos, and called at tho scene of the wreck i of the Loch Ard, Preparations were being j made there by the purchasers of tho vessel to J take advantago of tlie lirst fine day to re< ! cover tbe iron portion of her cargo. A rumor was current in tho city of Sand. ! hurst on Saturday that a frightful tragedy had been enacted at Marong by a man named Cory e, who was said to have murdered hit wife, the landlady of the Railway Hotel. No particulars whatever were known when the last train left. Detective Alexander and the coroner proceeded to Marong, about eight or nine miles distant, in the afteruoou, A telegram received late last night showt that tbe rumor is no sustained by the evi dence adduced at the inquest. From a return prepared by the town clerk of Ciunes, for the purposes of the Creswick shire Railway League, it is seen that at Ciunes, during the last twelve months, tbe consumption of firewood has amounted tc 17,32S cords, of which 5000 were for domes tic use, and the remainder for mining; 190,700 feet lineal of round timber, and 70,250 laths were also used at tho miues, nil the timber being conveyed to. Cluiies by railway. The money value of this timber (states the Ballarat Courier) amounts to £23,210. Besides this, there is a largo quan tity of firewood brought in by drays from the busb. A cord of wood measures eight feet long, four feet high, and four feet wide. A lady named Wingrave had a narrow escape a few days since as she was wnlking along Peel-street, Windsor. The whole front of a honse whioh was undergoing repair sud denly fell at her feet from an embankment. She was not injured, but the shock, greatly affected her. The body of a man, whose name is un known, was found floating in the river Yarra, near tho Queen's Wharf, yesterday afternoon, by Constable Hamilton, wbo caused it to bo conveyed to the city morgue, there to await identification and an inquest, The body is that of a man between forty-five and fifty years of age, and was dressed in a dark tweed paget coat, two dark tweed vests, tweed trousers, and elastic side boots. Although cattle generally are in a very healthy condition on the New South Wales side of the Murray, numerous cases of pleura havo (states the Albury Banner) been dis covered on the Victorian hank. Several bullocks and cows affected with the disease are said to be running just now on Wodonga fiats. Judge Bindon hits accepted tho position of president of the newly-formed Sandhurst Sketohing Club. In tho letter conveying his acceptance of the office to tho committee, Judge Bindon suggests the formation of a smalt geological class, or even a class for elemontary botany, in order "to encourage young people iu the art of scientific observa tion so essential in education and ail indus trial pursuits." A child two and a-half years of age, named Annie Ryan, was admitted intoths Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from concussion of the britin. The little Bufferer, it appears, fell down a flight ol stairs at her parents' residence in Bouverie- street, Carlton. An inquest was held on Saturday upon the body of the man found in the river i'arra on Thursday last. The police informed the coroner that they had made every effort te discover the name of the deceased, but they had been unsuccessful. The medicnl evi dence, went to show that death had been caused by drowning, and the jury returned verdict of found drowned. , 'A meeting of the North-western Cansl Company was held in the Provincial Hotel, Ballarat, on Friday, states the Star. The secretary, Mr. M'Coll, reported the work done in the preliminary survey of the route, and Mr. Davidson, C.E,, spoke favorably of the feasibility of the scheme in the portion of tbe country be had visited. The inspec tion of the remainder of the route through the Tatiara and malice country to the junc tion of the Darling will soon bo resumed. Messrs. Rawlinson and Davidson between them have now made a Hying survey orsome 600 miles of the proposed Grand Canal route, and, so far as the country has been inspec ted, the project is deemed to be quite prac ticable. The new uniforms for the Ballarat Volun teer Rangers are now, reports the Courier, almost completed, and it is expected that they will be ready for distribution in a few days. On Mr. Niels Nicholson, of Ciunes, being applied to by some friends in reference to his coming forward as a candidate for the repre sentation of tbe North-western Province, be declined. It appears (says the Ballarat Courier ), however, that were he desirous of doing -so, he is precluded from that hoaor by the fact of his not being a natural-bora British subject. The attendance at the lecture of Madame Lotti Wilmot in the "Waxworks last evening was not so large as usual, probably on account of the inolemonoy of the weather. The subjects dealt with were The Immor tality of the Soul and Psychic Force, aud bei remarks were attentively listened to by those present. The Melbourne Total Abstinence Society's weekly people's concert attracted a very large attendance on Saturday evening, the Temperance HaU, Russell-street, being crowded in every part. An excellent and varied programme was gone through to tbe evident eatia faction of the andipnee. Ml I """ mcoessfnl in his render- fll'bXls and humorous song". Hi jad .»«.„ j0abla voices — alto and I tftoiuvzg effect. The concert fl- laritone-"' -fmusing sketch by Messrs. fl joaduded with jj,rconrt and G. Turner, fl C.Fran j;ence in roars of laughter fl «tob ep t,„or Miss Dwight presided at fl: for Wf-»n-h0 ",rr p Eiohardson was the H the pi"0' 811 ' I &1&S8; tb8en provided for the I ennt:Cr"n 'the Infant Mozart, B- Utv6 t£ have the colony for Adelaide, B v2«h»rlJJ ZeaUnd, and thence by San : Sydney, J y k to Europe. Prior rnsc"f Irtnre he will give two concerts in H. to tis one in Geelong, at which he I "K'n frig81 theme' comP8ed by BeW'dGoodliight. H wluaue Oxygen is enjoying a long fl' .Mte Opera House. On Satnrday even- fl rnn.i,«ffu a large attendance, and the ' wg ,„t seemed to be enj'oycd very I daring gymnasHc feats were BT_,i by Onzalo and Hadj Hamo. fl P „ ma commenced his fourth week at I : .,ff' oUo Hall on Saturday evening.. There B attendance, and the entertainment B'sueridently enjoyed; fl swtt-Sidduns, before leaving Sydney H i- ths last Californian mail, was waited upon fl hr a deputstion of ladies to request her ac- H f.ni of a farewell fouvemr from some of I Sany warm friends and admirers she had 9 ? Tbe cift consisted, says the Sydney l So IkA of a massive gold chain and I St bearing a suitable inscription, and I Irith the word "souvenir" set in a spray of jiimondi. _ T)r Moloney is to lecture to- night on Mistakes I in Health, at the Emerald-hill Mechanics Iusti- I l0Tk'a Australian and European Bank has opened I fhrancb in Smith-street, Collingwood, under the H,s,»eiit of Mr. D. Falconer. I ® AfotSre will be delivered this evening by Mr. I J G Duffy in the Hotbam Town Hall, on Con- tttntioople'; its People. and its History. I The iolloring is the report of the Lying-in Bo-niul and Hospital for Diseases of Women Children for the week ending the IStb of July Patients in hospital, 40 ; ijailted daring the. -week, 19; dis- 13; remaining in hospital, 46; total DQn,ber of out-patients for tfao week, 85 ; new M»£J 9. I he enterprise and resources of Melbourne I tndamcn are known and appreciated at places (ji diitant, and sitnated ia adjacent colonics. As in instance it may bo mentioned that Messrs. ' Clements and Phipps, the well-known caterers, bare jnst taken contracts for supplying refresh. mints and carrying out all the airangemeuts for (so large balls atDeniliqnin on Wednesday nud I Iridav neat. Mr. Phipps, with a number of as- listantr, mil leave to-day to make the necessary preliminary srraogements. I The entries for tbo Victorian Canary and Pigeon variety's ebow, which were announced to closo J,, Satnrday evening, attracted a large number of I eibibitors, nnd most of the principal breeders put I in sn'sppeiraoce. In the pigeon classes Mr. I Lynolt beads the list with sixty entries; then I follow Messrs. Harris, Wicks and Kerr, with I fifteen each, nnd Mr. Seddon with thirteen; be.' I tides many smaller numbers. Antwerp carriers I ire largely represented. The canary classes have I not filed eo well as last year. In the British and I foreign and Australian birds there was a very I large entry, Messrs. Sewcll and Campion heading the list with fifty-ouo exhibits. The homing I matches have filled up largely, twenty birds I bating been entered tor the race from Macedon, I and fourteen for that from Kynetnn, Owing to I the inelement weatber on Saturday evening tho I entry list will not be closed until this evening, I There is now on view in one of tho windows of I Mean. James M'Ewan and Co.'s establishment, I in Elizabeth-street, a magnificent display of direr plate, consisting of fourteen articles, the I gifts of seme of our leading colonists, pur- I chased at a cost of sevoral hundreds of ponnds I from the firm referred to, and to be awarded as I prizes to successful competitors at the forth- I coming show of the Ballarat Agricultural and I Paitora! Society. The collection is very varied, I and maoy of the prizes represent umquo and I. elegant examples of design iu the silversmith's I art. Among the donors are Sir Samuel Wilson, Means. Philip Russell, T. Bromell, W. Camp. I tell, S. Simson, and Jno. Cumming, M.L.C.; I V. S. Clarke, Joseph Clarke, Dugald Macplrer. I Ian, iVm. Armstrong, Hexham Park, and W. K. I TkOmiOn; whilst the society aud the Ballarat I City Council also give prizes. 