1 BA1EST BEFORE DAI3L jbtTtbs ixrajroifoF Mttrsffisra ofthbrb*. HiskaewttotiibeTOBjwmifBL Always look Ing! orrord to tM» time, Oyk'tii. cultivated to the utmost every avails*** tatent,andBtowd her muid ?with information on c jteiety of subjects. She bad great confidence in f»T own ?cooversaaonai powera;fothBi.fli«nal rtcareaiiim (the choice per- taps marking the capacity) bsd-been tteholdiiw and chiefly on-opxcs introduced b/,JuniK-rf in hw letter*. : Jt appeared to her that she could talk bettor than she could write, and that in conversing! with- --others of like intellectual teadiaxais, eufi oeBtions would crowd upon her. This examination o£ herself proceeded trom her eager desire to satisfy him. and not from any -tendeacy to aver eattaate her gifts, natural or acquired. Bora's own maid was the first to see her on tlus happiest inorniag of her life. She had entered the service »t fifteen years old, and was now twenty five. Using an orphan, she had found a happy borne at JMwood, and wag strongly attached to bermistrt.-se,and like bar, ehe now looked more than usuatfv animated and cheerful. She was ex pasting to fitUow ber mistress to that wonderful city in which Sir Richard had bis home. Dora was alraady up, and wat brushing out het eatnrslly curling hair when Susan entered the 'You, too, up sosoon, Susan!' Dons&id.; 'I did not ring - because it was so early ; it is only six o'clock*' ? Twelve ho.i»s ia;d §jt Kichard will be here 1' tai3 Susan. He? waft to arrive at six. * Ah, I see what ii the matter with you ! said Dora, laughing. ?'! wv» j'«t giving that piece of information to mysrtlf.' 'It will be so plonsanv- to have company— and such company!' saidSusBVi. 'But good RraciouB. Miss Dora 1 how beautiful i'ou ate this morning ! — do look atjourseu.' sne T-aa surveying u™ in the mirror, upon ifhich a blaze- of light feu from th9 branches at either side. 'JBorasHooktiackher masses of curl.* end lookea at herself. It was the first time she bad been called beautiful,1 and she felt that she hail never so truly deserved the epithet before. Itwts a new face to hersetv; new in the radiance of its ex pression, in the darkling play of every feature; and the f nil lustrous light of her magnificaat eyes seemed almost to blind her as ehe Razed. Half abashed, but inten&flty; gratified too, Dom Mid, | ' It i« the look of happiness that is captivAtiup yon,- Bowie; .happiness ig the great beautjfier;- I declare yon »Jso look happier than ever ; see— it M Susan gazed at her own face over Dora's shoulder, and thought fihe had never looked so comely ?Good gracious! ?what shall we grow to in Lon don, Miss Dora !' cried Susan with wave earnest ness. The simplicity ot the conceit made Dora laugh till tha .fears came is her eyes. Dut (Susan's observation mat's her thoughtful too. Susan bad never been led tL- expect that they would go to London;— had then, per own expectations already become a certainty io ethers ? . . ? ' ''You think, theD, that you would be happier in London than here F f ne said. ? It is very dull here; Miss Dora ;— I should have foundit dull Out tor you. And when you come out there will be, such Ray aomgs- paraen, ana. tails, and races perhaps; and you will be so admired! .Eh, Sir Richard will soon have to lose yoUjMiBsDora!' ? 1 This is only silly talk -, let me hear no more of it,' Baid Dora sharply. To Susan's surprise her young mistress was displeased. To be sure, she mas & very odd young lady ; so fond of her books that she did not seem to feel her solitude ; but she would tiink and feel differently out in the gay world. - . . Dora's toilette never occupied ber long, and ex citement now made her restless. Susan's last observation had caused a strange pain at her heart. She wondered if Sir Richard himself had ever con templated GoloBingnei? She would rather be admired than not ; but she would like to see hei: guardian jealous of the admiration ; fearful ol! losing her ; ready to rejoice in the knowledge that ehe would never leave him. With all her dream ing, she bod never got beyond the hope of being admired hy him ; and Susan's way of putting him out .of the question had altogether disturbed her. w She went down-stairs in lier white morning wrapper, iookinp exquisitely beautiful with the oneSaornment of her richly curling hair, black as blackest night. There was a light in the hall whvch she crossed to enter the large dining-room. Heriigbt BteP waa D0-seless on the soft carpet. Two housemaids were busy at the further end of the dar ^ened room, one lighting the lire. Intend ine to m it till they had finished, Dora seated her * ft heneat11 Bir Eichard's portrait. They were conversing tetter in a low tone, and without in tending it* sh.1 presently caught their words. ' I heard on it before I came, an' I know them as ana it an Tvlnin i.'8 Thomas did,' aaid one. 'I wouldn't gothrouV1 «'- PWk at night, not for un told gold, HannahY . _ , . _ , „ 'No more would I.' *?*& Hannah. 'Some folks laughs at ghost, but I cb.' that sinful. Did jyou ever see aliody so scarefd *C Broom wasf he'* right ill with the fright?' ' „. ,., . ?He aays she were close to fc.in,aU in white, her black baur tumbling about her, sad ner face quite blue. Eh! I should have ukreeledj Groom Bays be won't atop, an' I don't wonder.' ?Eh, it were a black piece of worir, whoevor -IODe It, VBiay I xubib iuut»&. «o»w i* vrv*** »v dh'* afore Miss Dora, mind.' ' Dd you think 1 would 1 But isn't it odd as she never see it, rambling about after dark as ehe do sometimes P Eh, I wouldn't be her for ? ' Dora was beginning to be amused. Here was a veritable ghost story, connected with the park, too, and she was curious to learn the particulars, and to convince the two women that ehe was not a likely person to do more than laugh at their fool ish superstition. As she advanced with ber noise less step, the light fell full upon her white figure asd streaming black hair, ' Oh, the murdered woman ! The ghost ! the tahoBtl' screamed both women at once, and drop ping what they held, and tumbling over one another, they rushed out of tbe room, uttering loud cries for help, that roused the whole house hold. Vexed, sorry, and yet diverted, Dora followed as ferns the hall. Miss Glynn -was descending the stairs, end Miss Enderby, looking the oddest figure in life, half dressed and in her night-cap, stood on the landing. ? Hannah and Betsy have been mistaking me for a ghost, that's all, godmother,' mid Dora. * Am I st all lite a ghost, Miss Glynn ? Miss Glynn was so habitually grave that Dors did not notice heir gravity sow. - 'Sear. child! do not epesk in that tvey,' she said. .. . - . - ? ? The subject or Dora'* levity teemed to cive her a shock.' Bob, or Mr. Robert, as be wbs now styled, and 'Susan hurried forward from the kitchen. ' I knew it was Miss Dora ; I told them so,' said Susan, eagerly. ' I never knew anything eo eillrj' ? * IVe told tiiem my mind.' said Mr. Robert ; who bad grown stout, and now appeared to be quite \- breathless with dismay. ' Twenty-two Jyear man sn'boy atFulwood, Inerereee things go wrong like this afore. If a lorn the groom makes the mis chief, an' . be must go.' ' We'll have no more talk about it,' said Hiss Bnderby. ' Yon, Sob, leave Tom to me ; I'll report kirn to Sir Eichard. You all see what comas of ' ignorance. Educate, edacate, IVe always said; and till education becomes general we must expect to be pestered with the superstitious follies of the unlettered. Ton, Dora, with yonr advantages of high culture, see the absurdity of these women, I ? nope wt ieve heard the iast of it.' \- - Sara wag snaking with suppressed laughter. Sob, irho stood in great awa of Was Bsderbyfe strong mind and^her learning, was gazing at lin joining this harangue with, hi? mouth open, evidently astonished, if not shocked, at tbe ex hibition of her scantily attired and barrel-like ' figure, the greatest absurdity of all to Dora was the importance seemingly attached to eo ludicrous 'so incident. As Miss Eaderby disappeared the said,— 'fetch my bonnet asd cloak, Susan, I must Slavs a stroll before breakfast. Dear Mies Gljnn, I shall jibt catch cold;— you Bee something you disapprove, I know by your look : what is it f' Miss eiynn was unprepared for, the question ; ehe . tuuf started, ''Tent it very dtrk for a walk,' ehe aaid, taroedlr,. 