POETRY. THE EDITOR. The editor who wills to please Must humbly crawl upon his knees. And kiss the hands that beat him ; Or, if he dare attempt to walk, Must toe the mark that others chalk, And cringe to all that meet him. Says one, your subjects are too grave — Too much morality you have — Too much about religion ; Give me some witch or wizard tales, With slip-shod ghosts, with fins and scales, Or feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies— In other words, those novels, Composed of king6 and queens and lords, Of border wars and Gothic hordes, That used to live in hovels. No — no, cries one, we've had enough Of such confounded love-sick stuff To craze the fair creation ; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks — the Greeks and Jews, Or any other nation. The man of drilled scholastic lore Would like to see a little more In scraps of Greek or Latin ; The merchants rather have the price Of Southern iudigo and rice, Of India silk or satin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle ; Some long for missionary news, And some— of worldly, carnal views — Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic, too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his gander quill, And scrawl against the paper ; Of all the literary fools Bred in our colleges and schools, He tuts the silliest caper. Another cries, I want to see A j umbled up variety — Variety in all things; A miscellaneous hodge-podge print Composed— I only give the hint — Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says Miss, It constitutes my highest bliss, To hear of weddings plenty ; For in a time of general rain, None suffer from a drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. I want to hear of deaths, says one, Of people totally undone, By losses, fire, or weather ; Another answers, full as wise, I'd rather have th3 fall and rise Of wool, of skin, and leather. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a savoury dish Of politics to suit them ; But here we rest at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, We never should dispute them. Or grave or humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same. Too haughty or too humble ; And every 'editorial wight Has nought to do but what is right, And let the grumbler grumble. 