CEXTlUli IMiitVAlMCA. Municipal Council. Saturday, July 27. Full Council, less Alderman Brown, through indisposition. Correspondence inwards — From tho Lands Department, stating that a road near Sheafl'e's had been proclaimed and de clared open, and was now under control of tho Council. From the Colonial Secretary, stating that cortain alterations in tho Council's By-laws were being J published in the ' Gazette.' i From Michael Moran and others respecting ? fiill-.ii'a r/mrl nl„l I'1 o„rl R M'Po.,1 about, road fencing. | From the Council Clerk, complaining of extra I labor on account of the want of a Road Inspector, I which office had been discontinued under the j Council since he (the Clerk) had been employed. From tho Attorney- General, stating that ho agreed with the lata Attorney-General (Mr. Dalle}') in tho opinion that the law did not con template the circulation of books from Frco Libraries. From the Minister for Justice, stating that his Excellency the Governor had given his consent for tho expenditure by tho Council of £15 annually for Free Library purposes. From the Mercantile Insurance Company, en closing receipt for £2 5s., premium for insurance of tho new Council Chamber for £300. From Mr. John Tighe, on behalf of certain ratepayers who are inconvenienced through want of a road at Wattle Creek, neither doctors nor clergy being able to visit the sick or dying in that locality except in daylight. The correspondence was received, and reforred to the different committees to be dealt with. A report from Alderman Smith was read, setting forth that he, in company with Alderman Jenkins, had examined Ghost Bridge and found same in an unsafe state of repair. Alderman Smith remarked in reference to Mr. Tigho's letter that ho had taken great trouble about Wattle Creek Road. Tho people in that neighborhood had no road. He had advised sevo ral of thom to apply to the Quarter Sessions for a road in the event of tho matter not being taken up by tho Council. A Finance Report for£l 13 10s. lid. was adopted. Moved by tho Mayor, seconded by Alderman Evans, and carried — ' That tenders bo invited for 10,000 feet of G x 3 hardwood planking, delivered on tho wharf at Wollongong, or at the Council Chamber, Charcoal.' Moved by the Mayor, socondod by Alderman O'Donnell, and carried — ' That tenders be invited to the next meeting of Council, from persons competent to perforin tho duties of Librarian, at per annum.' Moved by tho Mayor and Alderman Griffin and carried — 'That tenders be invited to the next mooting of Council for from 200 to 400 yards of 2h inch metal, delivered between Charcoal and Kembla corner.' Moved by Alderman Evans (for Alderman Brown), secondod by Alderman Thompson, and carried — ' That the Government bo petitioned for a sum of £300 towards the erection of a bridgo and embankments across the Duck-holes, on tho Main South Coast Road.' Moved by Alderman Evans (for Alderman Brown — .' That tenders be invited for some repairs to tho Bong Bong Mountain Pass, at a cost not to exceed £10.' Alderman Thompson seconded the motion. Mr. Weber had told him recently that he (Mr. Weber) would prefer the Bong Bong Pas3 over the mountain being mado good rather than any of the other passes in that direction, as it was more central between the Bulli Pass and that over tho Jamberoo Mountain than any of tho others. Tho amount asked for by the resolution would slightly improve the present pass, but the Government might bo indnced to make a good road over the mountain there, perhaps on the opposite side of the peak to the present ono. Motion carried. Moved by Alderman Smith — 'That tho sum of £15 lie transferred from the Municipal deposit at tho E. S. and A. C. Bank to a separato account in tho liamo of the Free Library Committee, and that cheques drawn on said account be signed by the Chairman and ono other member of said Committee.' Some time ago Alderman Brown had moved that the £200 of Government monoy in tho Bank for a Free Library be placed to the credit of a Committee. Ho (Alderman Smith) thought it would bo well now to have a separato account as intended by tho resolution. Other amounts might be coming in from time to time in support of tho Free Library. Through the efforts of Aldermen Richards and O'Donnoll, some funds wore likely to bo raised on Friday next on behalf of tho library. Alderman O'Donnell secondod the motion, which was carried. Moved by Alderman Smith, seconded by Alder man Thompson, and carried — 'That tenders bo called to tho next meeting of Council fur supply ing five cwt. of iron spikes.' Moved by Aldermen Smith and Thompson and carried — ' That tho Mayor bo instructed to pur chase a dozen of chairs of a like pattern to thoso now in tho Council Chamber.' Moved by tho Mayor and Aldorman Evans and carried — ' That tenders bo invited to next meeting of Council for one or two thousand feet extra heavy hardwood sawn timber, same conditions as No. 1.' Of several tendors received for tho works stated, the following wero accepted : — Metalling 70 or 80 rods (more or less) of Five Island Road. — W. and R. James, 19a. per rod. Logging on Fivo Islands Road. — J. Rankin, £5 17s. Gd. Five tenders wero opened for bridge at foot of Geard's Hill, and the two lowesi being for oqtial amounts and from eligible contractors, tlio Coun cil resolved to call for fresh tenders for tho work. This concluded tho business. Crowded Out. — Our notice of Dr. Carr's 'lay sermon,' delivered in tho Temperance Hall, on Sunday afternoon, and other matter. ' Words of Grace.' — Mr. Napper, ono of the travelling agents fur this excellent religious publi cation, which has already been noticed in our columns more than once, is now on a visit to this town and district, canvassing for subscribers. As ' Words of Grace' is a strictly undenominational periodical, of very considerable merits, Mr. Xapper, should be fairly successful in his mission J)vro, Football Match. — The football match to morrow afternoon is oxpoctod to bo woll worth seeing. _ Kelly Tf.stijionial.- There being only a fow parsons present at the meeting called for Friday evening last, in connection with this matter. It was decided to call another meeting on an early date. Bridge over the Duck-holes. — Tho resolution carried by the Central Illawarra Council, on Saturday, with tho view of urging tho Govern ment to erect a bridge over the place known as tho Duck holes, on the Main Road between Dapto and Macquatio River, was a very proper one, and tho Council should sparo no effort in pushing tho matter to a successful issue. Tho place referred to is a most dangerous ono in flood times, as was clearly proved not very long since, when the mail man was nearly drowned there. Carrying Coals to Newcastle. — Tho idea of carrying coals to Nowcastlo, which has so long and popularly been expressed to signify tho height of absurdity, has at last become paradoxically true. On Tuesday last, tho steamor Phcebo, on her re turn from Melbourne, cnlled at Bulli, and there loaded close upon 400 tons of coal, which she took to Newcastle and discharged into tho Pactole, for New Caledonia. Surely our Northern friends, who hitherto havo been so persistent in asserting that Newcastle coal is superior to that of Illawarra, will now for ever hold their peace on that topic. Tlio Pactole, of 38G tons register, lay in Horse shoe Bond, and awaited the arrival of a cargo of Bulli coal, rather than take Newcastle coal, which was obtainable, it may bo said, within a fow yards of her. How appropriately might a graceful flag, with tho device of 'Advance Illawarra' upon it, have waved from the masthead of the Phosbo as she steamed into the port of Nowcastlo with her cargo of Bulli Coal. Rf,v. Dr. Barry. — Tho Rev. Dr. Barry boing about to leavo tho colony for a time, owing to an attack of throat disease, a public meeting was hold on Thursday for the purpose of taking stops to raise funds for a testimonial to him. The meeting expressed its profound sympathy with tho rev. gentleman undor the affliction, which has rendered a period of rest necessary to his health and future usefulness, and resolved that in recognition of his public services a testimonial bo presented to him to enable him to visit England and securo tho best medical aid for the recovery of his voice and health, and his roturn to tho colony. Mineral Discovery. — Mr. John Brennan, of Fairy Meadow, has discovered a mineral which to all appearance is likely to prove of great commer cial value. At present tho whereabouts of tho seam or stratum referred to is known only to tho discoverer. A small portion of the mineral, how ever, has reached our ollice, and wo must say, displays most marvellous qualities. In appearance it is of light yellowish gray colour, and in sub stance, light and friable. Altogether any person not knowing anything about it would look upon it as worthless clay of a hardish character. On a light being applied to it, however, its extraordinary inflammable quality becomes apparent. It bnrns as freely as would a wax taper, giving forth a very clear flame of considerable volume, a plentiful supply of what would appear to be tar meanwhile dripping from its substance as it becomes con sumed. Altogether it burns much more freely than any kerosene shale wo have overseen tested. It is to bo hoped that stops will be taken without delay to ascertain the real qualities of tho mine ral, and that Mr. Brennan will be handsomely rewarded for the discovery, should it turn out to be of commercial value, as wo aro very confident will be tho case. In the absence of any known name for the mineral, we will term it Bronnanite, after Mr. Bi-onnan, its discoverer. 