Our Melbourne Letter. (From our own Correspondent.) D'Arcy Read's Ghost which I believe was latoly in Lauuceston, or was to have been thoie, has appeared in Melbourne. The place of exhibition is the Athenasuiu Hall in Collins-street. Four night's entertainment is given this week, the performances are of a spirited description. People in Launceston who may have spent a pleasant night with the ghost (very few people do pass pleasant nights with ghosts) will be glad to hear of its success in Melbourne. His Honor Mr Justico Stephen, who has been absent on sick leave during the last twelve mouths, is to return to the colony in February or March next. There are at present four regular tlieatros open in Melbourne, and in addition to these places of amusement we have the Dnitcd States Minstrels at St. George's Hall and D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Atheiiiuum. Rignold at the ltoyid, as Henry V., meaus 5000 persons a night taken from the other places of amusement, aud Creswick at the Opera House, in the " legitimate drama," also means another Multitude of the theatre-going people monopolised. It may therefore lie well understood that it fares luird wi(h the Academy of Music and the Princess Theatre. Two eccentric pressmen of my acquaintance went into the dress circle or family ciicle of the former the other night and found one person in it. They made ino iiries of the check-taker and found tha ; this lonely individual had paid for admission and was not a "dead-head." Both the circumstance of his being alone and that of his actually having paid for admission seemed to them so singular, under the circumstances, that they formed an acquaintance with him and treated hiui. Another eccentric friend of mine— a pressman too—who takes a great interest in the great question of the decline of the drama, and has a faculty and taste for statics, went to the Princess' last evening, and between the acts amused himself by " counting the house"—not "out" as they do in parliament, but in. I expressed my surprise at and •admira tion of his patience. He replied it didn't cost him much trouble or take him long. Journalism seems to be going ahead in Queensland, and it is a healthy sign. One of the first signs of the material prosperity of a small place is when you see a newspaper started in it. If there is room for two editors to fight in it, that place will — like Glasgow — "flourish," if it hasn't done so already. A new paper is to be started in Brisbane on the 1st November. The editor is to a late citizen of Melbourne, a gentleman of uncommon literary ability and scholastic acquirements. To my mind one of the most intolerant and barbarous practices of the English law is tliat of attempting to force juries into, agreeing to a verdict Whatever may be said in favor of the practice in civil casou. it seems to. me tluit when applied to criminal cases when people are on their trial—perhims for their lives—it is insupportable. - Mark the inconsistency of. the law,: If a private person attempts to influence a juror in -his verdict, he is liable to lie prosecuted for " embracery " and severely punished; but judges are empowered practically to influence, nay to coerce' jm\jrs if they are susceptible of coercion, not merely by speech but by freezing or starving them out; by depriving them of their proper nightly rest; by keeping them away from their homes and fauiiliies, aud otherwise punishing them. Twelve men who in an ordinary case cannot agree to a verdict after having consulted together for three or four hours, are not likely to agree if they are locked up for twenty-four hours. Last night a j ury was locked up iu the Central Criminal Court because tliey would not find a verdict in a case of alleged horse-stealing. This morning tliey were as far as ever from agreeing, and of course had to be discliarged. It is a curious fact (of which the judges seem to lose sight very often), tliat it is nearly as difficult to get judges to agree as jurymen, aud yet their Honors are never locked up all night. 