Wïïks of % iffwcs. THE LITTLE DIGGERS. HT DONALD CAMERON. Author of " Scripopolis," &o.; (Concluded from Supplement 83.) O TEK two years have elapsed since we left trie little diggers in the charge of Jack the Blower. Vast changes have taken place in Sandy Greek, The alluvial claims have all been worked out, and population has departed to such an extent that tho once populous field is almost deserted. There is little indeed to be seen except the mounds of tho departed diggers, and the marks of their vanished camp. Those who romain scorn to vegetate rather tbon live. Many of the old identities, however, remain. Hrs. Gumbles still keeps the ll iners' Arms, hut customers having de- parted, abo hos taken to drink her own liquor, and is in a fair way to Boon find her way to tho lunatic asylum or tho grave. Mr. Graball is still on the creek, but is contemplating going to Sydney in order to start a money-londing establishment, for tho good man is very wealthy. So is Mrs. M'Grudgo, and she is thinking of moving to Sydney or Melbourne, where she intends to open a boarding-house. She has now plenty of time to read the biblo and other good books, and to reflect upon the end of nil sinners, except her own. Bard as ever-many a hungry and weary man she has turned away, refusing trust to all. Sad it was for the remnant of tho Sandy Crook diggers that their two storokeepora had effectually killed trust. The sun was setting in tbs west, irradiat- ing the world in a golden glory, when two horsemen drew rein at the front of tho Miners' Arms, to tbe astonishment of two I or three loungers, and Mrs. Gumbles, who WBB at that moment comforting herself with an extra soothoner. The I good lady was so flustered that she upset one half ot it. The arrivals were a noble looking old gentleman with bair white as the snow, and a smart-looking, bandeóme young fellow. They asked Mrs. GnmbleB if Bhe could accommodate them for the night, and, of conree, the reply was a glad assent, for sba bad not bad an inmate for an age. While the gentlemen sat in the host room now very faded and beer-stained-two of the Ioangers got their horses to the stables, and Mrs. GnmbleB and her servant, a red haired daughter ot Erin, bustled abont to get something ready for dinner. Mrs. M'Grudge was astounded to receive a largs order from her neigbhonr, and began to won- der whether business would not, alter all, look np. The arrival ol the strangers soon was the sole topic For some time Sandy Greek had rumours that some specula- tive persons were going to try the ranges for the quartz-veins whioh bad fed the alluvial, and everyone set the travellers down as the advance guard of the army of speculators who were to find the reef and restore the prosperity ol the place. In con- sequence ot this there was muoh joy and congratulation. After dinner, and when the moon had risen and was silvering nature, the landlady was snmmoned to the bsBt room. "Mrs. Gumbles," said the elder of the two gentlemen, after that lady had at his request taken a seat, " we have asked yon in because we want to make some inquiries abont some persons in whom we are interested. You knew afr. Harry Hawson ?" " Indeed, I did sir," replied Mrs. Grumbles, getting out her handkerchief ; " him as was killed by the falling in of tho claim. I never could forget bim ; snob a fine man, and BO free with his money-when be had any. If you're a friend ol his, don't pay anything on his aooount to that old rascal, Graball. He'll be sure to ask you. He's an old miser, that's what he is." I A shadow rested apon the old gentleman's ! faoe as bo beard tho woman speak, and be appeared to repress a sigb, " We know," be said, after a while, " that Mr. Bawson was killed, bnt what we are here I for is to ascertain what became of his wife and ohiidren." ' ' ' " His wife, sir, poor creature, died some time before he was killed, which waa a blessing for ber, poor dear soul. She was a good woman, though Mother M'Grudge-" ' " Well, well," said her interlocutor Bbarply, " never mind that. What became of the ohiidren F" Ho was strongly agitated now, and his breast heaved with emotion. " The children, sir," said Mrs. Gumbles, upon whom a light began to dawn, and hope of profit was prompting. "0, sir, they're all right. I've been very kind to thom, but Mrs. M'Grudge and Graball rofused 'om trust over and over again; That Mother M'Grudge-" ""Where aro thoyP" cried tho old gentle- man, impatiently. " Hore, sir," replied Mrs. Guroblos. " My God !" cried her questioner, starting from his seat, "Harry's ohiidren hero-in this house. Send for thom at once-" " My dear sir," said his companion, " calm yourself." " I oaunot^-I cannot," exclaimed tho othor. " Quick, woman, quick, and send thom to mo-" " They ain't in this houso," said Mrs. Gumbles, in some confusion. "They're at Jack tho Blowor's place, and ho's-" She was interrupted by tho sudden ap- pearance of hor rod-hnired handmaiden, whoso usually carmino face was white as tho lily. «< Bridget," cried Mrs. Gumbles, rising up, "what's tho matter P Has tho till boon robbed f" " No, ma'am," replied Brjdget, forgetting just then that it would have neon nocossary to put soma money in tho.till before it oould bo robbed, " hut Jack tho Blower's hero, an' he looks Uko a ghost, and cries out about the ohiidren-" "Where is hep" cried tho old gentleman, who was in a ststo of feverish oxoitemcnt. " He has tho ohiidren." ? ''Iiordl" exolaimed Mrs. Gambles, "how oould Jsok get up ; he's not lett his bad fo'r three months." " The obildren, the oblldren," was Tittered in a sepulchral voice, and Jaok tottered into the room, a fearful object. His faso waa that of a corpse, his form a'(kelston. A wild ex- citement was evident in hie faoe and eyes. He fell into a ohair, and rollbd his eyes about like a maniac "They haven't ooma home to-night; there's something wrong," he cried. "Ohl Mrs. Gambles, get the men to search for them. I don't know where they're work- ing." " My good man," said tbo old gentleman, approaching 1 Jaok, " I have come for those children. Don't alarm yonrsolf-they will no doubt bo all right." "You've ooma for them 1" said Jaok, be- wilderedly. And who are yon who want my darlings t" " I am the father of Harry Hawson." " Great God I" oriod Jaok, " and ao you've como at last to help the little 'ones, to make 'em gentlefolks, aa ,1 Sold 'om you would. Ob, slr, that almost oures mo of my illness it would oure me if death hadn't olawod me long ago, I feel I'm going, and perhaps be- fore yon search for them I'd hotter tell yon all I know, for fear I wouldn't live loni;. I feel I've done wrong in getting up, but I would hsvn gone mad if I'd stopped in bod longer when they didn't rctnrn," "I long to bear your »tory," said Mr, Hawson. Go on with H." " It isn't a long one. fir," said Jack, speaking very feebly. " Wben poor Hurry was killed they wanted to sen4 the ctiil dren to the Industrial Schools, among the wickedest little creatures in thi colony, an* no one here offered to "adopt them. Well, sir, Harry'd been kind to me, and so bad his wife, the angel,'and though before then I was only a loafer and a drunkard, I mado up my mind to take care of tba chil- dren, and to become a, new man. It was hard wort, Bir, but with the help of God and the little ones-who would be wicked in the oompany of that little saint. Jessie? .-I succeeded. I'd never worked for years before, but I took to it quite natnral an' liked it. The children helped wonderful. Harry got a job driving a whim horse, and Jessie, though she was a tiny thing, was a regular old woman at housekeeping. Oh, the winning'wnys and little arts of that girl. But, sir, my resolution'came too late. IM destroyed my constitution, and given a mortgage to death, an' though I struggled on for a long time, ¿nd fought against it, I'd at last tojie down'arni wait for a release, an' it happened when everything had gone to the bad, when there was no work to get. We'd have BtarvÊd, sir, and I'd died like a ;rat ia a hole, for these good people on Sandy Greek wouldn't trust us with a loaf of. bread, only for the plnok of them little ones. They went off to work an' washed the tailings, Jessie oradling an' Harry getting the stuff ; and when the tailings wouldn't pay tbéy began digging bera an' there, where little bits of good ground had been left, and so, Bir, they kept ns all, but it broke my heart to think ot it. Lately they've been very un luoky, but Harry said to-day that be thought they'd try the banks of the oreek, where some washdirt might be found. It's that that troubles me. The bank might have fallen noon them." "God forbid 1" oried Mr. Hawson, with terror in bis tone. - " We will search for them at onoe. Keep up your heart, my good, kind fellow. Yon and the ohiidren will be well provided. for hereafter. Perhaps, yon are oarions to know how I came to traoe Harry. Perhaps yon don't know it, bnt Harry made a match, whioh I thought, short- sighted man I was, to ba beneath him, and a bitter feeling arose between us. I was hard, he was independent, and he left England swearing never to see me again until he was independent. I bave never bad a happy day since/' Ho was my darling, my only sen" here the old gentleman's voioe faltered and bright drops stood in bis eyes-" and God forgive me. my for hardness of heart. At lBBt my yearning for my son could not be restrained and I advertised for him, without effect. I then communicated with lawyers in Sydney, and the firm with whioh this gentleman is oonueoted "-be pointed to bis companion-" found out the particulars and Bent me home the heavy news that my boy was ;dead. The intelligence brought me nearly to tho brink of. the grave, and when I reoovered I at once set ont for Sydney to search for ' the wife and ohiidren. I mean now to atone for my sin by making them SB happy OB I desired the father to be. Mrs. Gambles," |he continued, addressing that worthy woman, "at onoe get some men to go with ns to searoh far the poor little things." " All right, Bir," was the reply, and in a , few minateB tbe searoh party, oompoted of every inhabitant, started with Mr. Hawson at the head. < ' The night was ono of those lovely evenings j so peculiar to An«tralla. The ait was oobl and balmy, the perfume of the ear)y*flówers was wafted on every gentle sigh of the wind, and the moon shone in a deep bine sky, irradiating the world with a rioh, mellow,'silvery light, which cast a glamour over scenery that would have looked dull and uninteresting by day. Everyone knew the spot where the Little Diggers were at work that day. The banks of the creek bad been mined over and over again except in this place,1 whioh had always been thought too poor. The whole company oame to a stand still, and a nameless horror settled upon them when they saw that, at a particular place,, the bank had Jalleii in/" " They are buried, sir," said one of tho men to Mr. Hawson. ' - . Be gave a wild ory, and would have fallen but for the lawyer's help. Then, rousing himself, be cried : " No, no, Gort is too just to allow it. No, no, it is not, it cannot be too late. Dig, men, dig, they are yet alive. A thousand pounds to the man wbo brings them out alive I Harry I Hurry IV . The diggers, had never thought of bringing spades with them, therefore there was some delay before work was began. Mr. Hawson, lu a state of terrible excitement, rushed about and encouraged tbe men to exert themselves with liberal promises of money. It was a scone that rivalled that whioh had occurred some years ago. " I knew it, I knew it," cried Jack, who suddenly appeared in. the midst of the orowd, looking a spectre ; " they're dead, they're^dead." He caught a sight of the unprepossessing features of Mr. Graball and Mrs. M'Grudge, and bis face lit up with a terrible fire. «« Your'o here, are you," he hissed. " Of course it's right for you to see your work. You could have helped .these poor creatures when X took ill, you could nave got work for Harry, but yoii wouldn't, you devils. You've got money, have you, heaps of gold, but it won't do you any good; it will sink your souls to hell, to the bottom of the bottomless pit !'' " Tho Lord forgive the poor man," said MrB. M'Grudge, raising her eyes np to Heaven ; " I always loved the bairns, bat I was tao poor to help them." " It's a lie, you old hag," cried Jack. "He's mad; poor fellow," said Mr. Graball, " mad as a hatter. I'm Bure I did my best for them." "Yes," cried Jaok, "yon sold all then father's goods, you miserly wretch." "Hush!" .. xney aro aere v " Alive, alive 1" cried Mr. Rawson, rush- ing forward. The crowd drew back respectfully, and Mr. Hawson and Jaok went to tho front. What a sight they beheld. Embraced in eaoh other's arms Harry and J ossie Rawson lay in tbe moonlight still in death, a sweet smile on their lovely features, as if whon tho Great Conqueror came, their angel mother had appoarod beforo thom. Bettor thus, perhaps, than to live on in this oold, heartless world, to ba tainted with sin, to cxporionoo misery, to bo soilod and torn in tho great struggle for existence. They had gone to rest boforo tho battlo had begun. ' f "Dead! Doadl" criad Jaok, looking at thom as thoy lay tboro like two sleeping angels. "Gone boforo tho old man. But not long-not long." Ño, indeed ; not long. Tho exoitoxnent whioh had borne him up died out, and with it lils spirit also loft tho worn-out body. God bo moreiful to bim 1 Tho oomotory at Sandy Crook is now almost untracoablo. Wattle, and gum-troos have grown up rapidly and hiddon tho fow gravoB whioh wore there. But thoro is one part which is scouroty railad in with iron, and kept scrupulously oloan and neat. Within this onolosuro ure five graves. At tho hoad of tho coutrnl grave risos a splendid granito column, tho htnd broken off-symbol of tho untimoly doath of those whose romains lio beneath, On the block of granite whioh j supports this column ia tho following inscrip- tion: SACRED TO THE MEMOBY Ot HABBT RAWSON, Who was killed by the falling in of a claim at Sandy Greek, on November 8th, 1865. JESSIE RAWSON, bis Wife, Who died on the 6th January, 18G3, And their Children, HABBY AND JESSIE, Who were smothered by a fall ot earth on the 6lh of January, 1868. Also, JOKK FIELDHOUSE, Who adopted the children after their parents' death, who died of grief at their loss on the same date. " The ways ot God are inscrutable." . ' ' There is no Sandy Creek settlement now. I The trees flourish vigoronly where once a multitude lived and toiled ; the kangaroo and wallaby have made their home there. Mrs. Gambles drank herself to death a few monthB after the ooourrenoe of tho above events. Mr. Graball is a prominent Sydney merchant, and is ia great repute ; while Mrs. M'Grudge lives in retirement in a fashionable Mel- bourne suburb, the principal Presbyterian ohuroh of whioh she is a pillar. Mr. Raw- son has long sinee departed to that world where he will meet his Bon and daughter and the XUTTIIH DiaoEns. j 