THE THEATRES, A. THEATRE ROYAL. Mr. and Mrs. Bates varied their performances on Saturday night at the Theatre Royal by the presentation of two pieces namely, the less known drama of " The Duel in the Snow and the much better known Adelphi piece of " Green Bushes." The latter, however, being limited to two long acts. Of " Green Bushes," it must be confessed that it has outlived its claims to preference. Old playgoers occasionally like to see it for the sake of what it reminds them of, but it is quite out of harmony with modern dramas of a like order. Its senti- ment is overdone, and its characters are overdrawn. Besides, if produced at all, it ought to be accompanied by a good deal of picturesque scenery of a specially appropriate kind, lacking which it has a hard, barren look which greatly limits its attractiveness It has done good service in its time, and it represents an epoch in dramatic history ; but at the present day, it serves hardly any other use than to illustrate a period of stage art. And it seems cruel that, suffering so considerably, as Mrs. Bates obviously is, from serious indisposition, she should have been persuaded to superadd the part of Miami to that of the double part she had already played in the first piece. If she had been perfectly well and had had the entire control of her voice, she would, without question, have fulfilled every reasonable expectation in the character. So far as this was possible, under disadvantageous circumstances, she did so, and she deserves credit accordingly. her acting in the scene where she discovers O'Kennedy with Geraldine, was of the best kind, full of meaning and intense without being excessive. The Mississippi episode was expressive as distinguished from over demonstrative, and very well entitled her to the call which followed. The cast in other respects, was mostly new to us. Mr. Vincent's Connor O'Kennedy was melodramatically declamatory ; Miss Meadvvay's Geraldine un- comfortably lachrymose and Miss Carrington's Nelly agreeably natural.'" Mr. O'Brien's Wild Murtough had the negative merit of being free from the gymnastic objurgative ness commonly employed to emphasise it. Mr. Taylor and Mr. Greville indulged in the traditional extravagances of Muster Grin judge and Jack Gong. Mr. Appleton, although not in the bill, played George O'Kennedy with the discernment to be expected of him and Mrs. Appleton employed in the representa- tion of Tigertail the lively vivacity of which she possesses such good store. Mrs. and Miss Bryer were good representatives severally of Meg and Eveleen. ' Of "The Duel in the Snow," although it has not been played lately in Melbourne, it is not entirely unfamiliar to us here. But it might, without any loss to the public or the stage, have been left to obscurity. It is a badly- adapted French play, and whatever merit it had in the original has been completely lost in the process of transmutation. When Mr. Fitzball, who spoiled the French version, fixed upon the title, he no doubt thought he had got a very taking one. But it is unfortunate that the duel in the snow has nothing to do with the story, other than that it ends the piece. A captain of loose morals runs away with his friend's wife, is challenged by him to mortal combat, which accepting he receives a fatal chest wound. It is " Frou Frou" over again, only it is only fair to remember that ''Erin From " came after "The Duel in the Snow." But the snow is only a picturesque accident, suggested, probably, by a similar accessory in "The Cor- sican Brothers." The gentleman who avenge his wounded honour, has in the first act had a former wife, a good deal older than himself. Her he has allowed accidentally to poison herself, and the matrimonial irregularity of his second wife is understood. to the a punishment for his unkindness to his first. In dying, she assures him her ghost shall haunt him continually,' and the audience are incidentally informed that this promise has been kept. Consequently, after the duel is over, and just as the curtain is about to fall, the back flat opens and shows that lady uncomfortably seated upon a heap of stones. The effect is comical, and probably was intended to induce the audience to take a cheerful view of the situation. This appears the more pro .. hable, inasmuch as there is an interleaving of Comic scenes all through the piece, those consisting of the loves of a serving man and a serving maid. Incidentally, we may remark that the reason is probably known only to dramatists why the loves of footmen and house- maids upon the stage are invariably grotesque.' But without pursuing this inquiry further at present, we must express our gratitude that so dismal a play is tempered by grotesque incidents, a gratitude which must be extended to Mr. Greville and Mrs. Appleton for making the most of these scenes. Mrs. Bates doubled for the parts of the two wives, her reason for doing so being, most likely, the desire to appear in two dissimilar characters. She gave them their several distinct peculiarities, being gloomy and re- proachful in the first, and cheerful and subsequently despondent in the second. And it is to be remarked that this de- spondency does not seem to arise out of remorse for leaving her husband, but comes as an expression of disgust that her companion has spent all the money, and left them both hungry and supperless. Mr. Bates played the outraged husband. It is a lugubrious part, and he could not but be lugubrious in it. As the captain of ill-regulated morals Mr. Appleton maintained an easy abandon consistent with the elasticity of his principles. He was not a villain of deepest dye, but a gentleman who liked to enjoy himself, and who, when morality and enjoyment came into conflict, gave the advantage to the latter. Altogether, we should apprehend nobody will be very sorry if V The Duel in the Snow " is not fought again. The house was only moderately full, but the gallery boys made noise enough for the most crowded house. To vary the manner of their disturbance, they had brought some dogs with them, and the barking of these animals, occasionally added to the uninterrupted clamour of the other brutes, compelled an involuntary attention to what was passing in front of the curtain rather than to what was taking place on the further side of it. There is, to be sure, a constable stationed in the gallery, but he is, apparently, as help- less as a lame poodle in an Elizabeth street gutter during a rainstorm. If the gallery nuisance is to he continued, the best thing the management can do will be to abolish dialogue and let all the acting be in dumb show. As most evils have their extenuating circumstances, however, it is certainly worth remembering that if the gallery savages are uncontrollable, they drown the noise of the orchestra, and considering the maddening music that is played, the inter- act, disturbance in the gallery is negatively something to be thankful for. ACADEMY OF MUSIC. On Saturday night " Gold and Alloy " gave place to "Apple Blossoms," a comedy by Mr. James Albery. In February last year " Two Roses," by the same author, was produced at this theatre, and to a great extent our remarks on the first piece apply to this, the chief difference being a more evident attempt at fine writing, and less variety in the situations, which necessarily makes the stage business monotonous. There is nothing new in the plot, but as we hear again and again "there is nothing new under the ban," novelty is hardly to be expected ; it seems to us that it would be far better to submit old friends in their wonted surroundings than, by re- dressing them, to try passing them off as new ones. JJovv ever, " Apple Blossoms " gives 113 the following story In the famous county of Cornwall, in the very modern city of (Truro, an inn is situated owned by Jenny J'rout, who though living in the house, is paid to have been brought up as a lady," and the business of the place is managed by her yätCJWd uncle, Bob Proud (Mr, Harry Daniels), and his charming wife Kitty (Miss Jessie Grey). Bob and his friend Hand- some Bill (Mr. Douglas) are much troubled by the persistent attentions of Tom Penryn (Mr. H. Phillips) to Jenny Prout. A family tragedy, resulting from the atten- tions of a gentleman to Bob's sister, is recounted, and Handsome Bill, the celibate victim of the dark tale, is consulted by Bob. The two agree that the law shall be called into play. They consult a solicitor, who laughs at their fears. Next, they appeal to Captain Penryn (Mr. Ryan) to remove his son. The hereditary peculiarity of the Pen ryan's is obstinacy. The father and son in- here the family weakness. ' Neither will yield. They part in anger. The father summons his lawyer, disinherit his son, he. comes attached to Jenny, the unfortunate cause of their quarrel, adopts her and tries in vain to forget his absent ' son. The i son joins Her Majesty's navy, and after nine months' service, obtains leave, searches for his father in town and country homes, fails to get back in time, he pursued, and traced to the Apple Tree Inn. The officers are directed to Captain Penryn, who, unaware that his son is the truant, promises to give up the fugitive if he can be found. Toni meanwhile has seen his Jenny, renewed his vows, secured the co-operation of Kitty, and has been seen but not recognised by Handsome Bill, who has roused Bob's jealousy, by reporting that Kitty is walking about with a sailor. When the missing man from the Neptune is recognised as Master Tom, their loyalty to the captain (who had saved Bob's life is the uppermost feeling, and in their distress Bob and Bill are ready to do any thing to save the runaway. Their designs are frustrated by the captain, who, boasting that he never breaks his word, hands his son to the keeping of the ship's officers, The youngster returns to the Neptune, his erratic expedition is soon pardoned, and within six months he is considered the smartest" fellow in the ship, and is selected as such to be the adopted son of Captain Penryn, who, pining for news of his boy, yet unwilling to allow a glimpse of change in his views of un- relenting condemnation and severance of all family ties for " disobedience," seeks by inter- course with a stranger to pick up crumbs of comfort. The son, obedient to his father's command, has seemed to allow the name of Penryn to be sullied, and appears as Tom Grainger, with his arm in a sling, the hero of the Neptune After the usual agony, Jenny is united to the object of her early choice, and all goes merry as a marriage bell. The funny element of the piece is the Great Baggs (Mr. Thomas), phrenologist, show- man, and lecturer; the sentimental, apart from Jenny and her lover, is divided between the good-natured lawyer Temple (Mr. J. G. Joy ce) and Mrs. Page (Mrs. W. Ryan). The first act is lively enough. Jenny Prout (Mrs. G. B. Lewis is a lively unaffected girl, very fond of her poultry, canary, Apple Tree, and Tom ; she attends to all her duties most assiduously, and goes. beyond them when, in response to Tom's demand for beer, she becomes the cup-bearer, despite Kitty's remark that Jenny was always brought up as a lady." Why, the author does not say. The Bob Prout of Mr. Daniels was highly commendable ; his love for Jenny and his fear that the attentions of the gentleman might lead to dishonour and another stab in the churchyard ;" his respect for Captain Penryn, who had saved his life ; his sublime innocence of the power of the law ; his terror, after listening to the Great Baggs, who in his lecturé~rovives the Platonic theory of halves, lest Kitty should be the china bowl with which the wooden one (himself could not join, were all naturally brought out and his friend Handsome Bill fulfilled the requirements of the character in being the opposite to what his name implied. Miss Jessie Grey was quite at home as Kitty, and, when she remembered it, tried her best to give her speeches the ring of Cornwall. The Cornish dialect is so distinct that we were surprised to find that, beyond the peculiar use of certain prepositions, and in one instance only the pronuncia- tion of " to " as " few," there were so few indications of Land's End and its neighbourhood as regards the dialogue. Mr. Hans Phillips was not too successful as Tom Penryn. Mr. Ryan, as the cruel father, was hardness and inconsistency combined. Mrs Joyce made a good deal of genuine fun as the genial lawyer whose pockets were always heavy with his purchases from the children, and who was always on fire. Mrs. Ryan as the gushing widow received a good share of applause, while the life of the piece was undoubtedly the great Baggs, To Mr. Thorne the lion's share of the success is due i he was 80 thoroughly the showman, and identified himself with his work so completely that he compelled the audience to listen and also to be amused. His paper fortable cheek" carried him through every difficulty. Under the mistletoe, in the lecture room, as the victim of a railway accident, or the guide of Bob to the sights of London, he was always at ease, and always united " intellectual skill with the manners of a perfect gentleman." The third act dragged terribly. There are too many scenes between interesting couples, and the business is spun out to enable the actors to deliver ten speeches to show off the author's notions, which have really nothing to do with the comedy. There was no reason why the "Two Roses" should be so called. Certainly, there is not much for the title "Apple Blossoms." "A rose by any other name would smell as sweet." The house was crowded, the applause frequent and demonstrative, the curtain was raised after each act, and the questionable jokes, the phrases capable of double entendre and they are legion were received with great relish. The play cannot boast of artistic merit, but it is not repulsively vulgar, as was " Gold and Alloy," and with judicious cutting it will probably amuse a large audience during Passion week. 