NEW ZEALAND. [From our owu Correspondent! Wellington, September 18. ?-ow and at last I think 1 Know sometmnfi more than I did about South Australia and of Adelaide, its great commercial and political centre. I am in rn-eint of a file of voor ttry:-lrr. I had not seen b South Australian journal for something like over three years, and have, cot been able until the present hour to realize much about your institutions, your con ?ftit'tio.i (political), nor anything as to yonr irr.ir.ftHate belongings for surroundings. They are »11 before me now and I am delighted. There Is snch a similarity of things political, social, and domestic between the colony where I have for so many years been an indweller and jour own that the difference is very small indeed. 1 turn to your Farliame ntary columns, and I find that in the A-v-enibly Mr. Speaker takes the chair at 2 o'clock. That is precisely th« case with our Mr. Speaker. I find your Mr. Townsend p-ajisg that tbe third and fourth clauses of the Munici pal Corporations Act Amendment Bill might not be agreed to by the House. That's as near as may be what oi.e of our members has done. TV'e have do ending with the making of amend ment* upon amendments in our Municipal Acts. Sometimes it is to undo what has been done in a previous session, perhaps as regards r»tingpowen or tbe altering of by-laws or the adding t» existing ones. Petitions are presented from mniiicipal councillors asking for enlarged }-owcn, while connter-petiti.ms are forwarded from burgesses and ratepayers praying that existing powers may be curtailed. Ctunges of this sort continually being mvle give abundant work for lawyers Mad occasion the ctMing of miDy public meetines and IomI agitations. Wherever twenty or thirty houses are g^hered together, *o long aw ther* is a church, a iii*«Dt ing chapel, two p'lblir-houses. a U:kup, and * joh.vms.11, there U a Munii-ipa! Council, with a ina-uVrf^.-d M«or, mm, Councillor*, aai a To»n OUrk. These are aiwiyji netting up' defiuiatioii', who jouru-y to Wellington br railway or steimbon to interview Ministers or I'arli-'R:ent«ry rvprwntatires to bei; fur grants nf Uud. or rfvrv.s, or money put oi\ the Estimate*, or something to the s-itne effect. It I. Ftldom these deputations get what they aik for— they get many promises instead. They have been ' courteously received,'' and are over whelmed with the urbanity of a Prime Minister. They have bad a pleasant excursion. They come back and draw for their expenses and travelling charges out of the local revenues. Then the ratepayers write letters to the news papers saying there has been a wasteful expen diture of money which would have been much more profitably expended in the making of drains and the formation of footpath*. Under a capital heading in a supplement of the Register—' The Last Loan'— I fiad the Trea surer (Hon. J. P. Boncaut), in answer tj a question from Mr. Boss, stating he bad not received any information with regard to tbe disposal of tbe balance of the hut loan in London. That is exactly the question con tinually being asked by 'members in our As sembly. We never can get at the bottom as touching the balance of lat-t loans. Sometimes a member ii told that the last loan has been amalgamated with a loan which has gone before, or that it has been used np to meet some liability which bad been incurred in completing tbe construction of a railway tbe cost of which was in excess of the amount voted for it, or the balance had been used to meet short-dated deben tures given for money advanced by the Banks. It will sometimes happen that the Colonial Treasurer becomes irate and refers enquiring members to the last financial statement which he had made to the House. This is a clincher, because no man living, so far as has been ascertained, ever did get to understand the ins and outs, the debits and credits, the carryings from one account to some other account, the balances brought forward, carried ovrr, and placed to the debit of credit of something else. I nay the repy is a clincher, because if a man were a Walkinghame's tutor and Bonnycastle's bookkeeper all in one he would not have as much arithmetic and knowledge of accountantship to enable him to analyse or draw a conclusion from a Treasurer's financial statement, it is snch a mixed-up affair. It is as much a wonder and surprise to me what becomes of the balances rf ' last loans' as what becomes of the umbrellas we leave behind us in public halls and never see again, or what we leave on our plates after we have besn dining at an hotel table, althongb as to the last I think breakfast hashes will account for some of the mystery. Then again as respects '* the proposed system of taxation' we are with you once more. Our Ministers are now discussing a measure for imposing an income tax, as also a property tax. The principal drawback to its success will be that holders of land will object to beinn taxed and that receivers of income above £200 per annum will also protest. But as the income of a very large number of members in the Lower House is below the minimum, both as regards bind holdings and iocome.it may pOBDibly pass, more especially as it will allow of the creation of appointments for the unemployed hargers-on at the doers of Government offices. Of course the ' working man ' is to be considered through the Customs tariff ; but how is not at present stated. I think that part of the Government policy will have to be shelved for the present and considered at a future day. My own opinion, supported by the opinion of those who should know, is that wo shall have an income and property tax plus an increased Customs tariff before we shall be able to meet the larger annual inte rest on our loan debentures while carrying on the large and costly public works which ape proposed by Ministers. I rank myself among those who believe in Inrge loans ; as large as we can raise them upon our credit, because our national wtnltb, as yet but partially developed, together with our enormous areas of naalicn-.ted fertile laudi, are more than equal to any strain we have yet thought oi placing on them. If in after years those who have succeeded tu complain of the public debt we have left them to contend with, the ghosts of their forefathers will arise and say, ' J/o, behold the rich inheritance whichjlias been left you in the hundreds of miles of railways ; in your bridges, your harbours, your breakwaters, your river embankments, your roads, your docks, and yonr public build ings. Are these worth nothing f We whoie bodies ri-st in graves made your country what it now is ; what it never would have been but for us. Are all these not worth the ontlny V That's what our ghosts will say if ghosta are permitted to appear on earth and speak their sentiments. It cannot bat be that South Aus tralia, although probably not so rich in natural wealth as New Zealand, will be able to meet the intmst upon all yon can borrow, and it shunld be for those who come after, who will be reaping the harvest, to bear their share- of past public expi nditure. You too have your Waterworks Bill for facilitating the supply of water to thy City of Adelaide. Iu this we beat you hollow. Within the lant thr.e years we have h.ul between forty and fifty Waterworks Bills through tho House, There in scarcely a city or town in NTew Zealand but wh.it is working under a Waterworks Bill. You also have a Kabbit Bill. So have we. They breed here by millions and consume the runholdns' grass, so that many have bein utterly impoverished. Hares ar« now doing likewise for joung trees, viues, and farm esculents. Sparrows instead of sticking to worms and caterpillars and suchlike nourishing things now give their whole minds to consuming seed wheat, oats, and barley. Pheasants are equally voracious and destructive. I sho'ild much like to be at the hanging of some ch:iir . man of an Acclimatization Society ; for these associations with their wretched enthusiasts have done more to retard tho progress of a new country than will be niado good in ever so many decades. Among other cognate institutions yon have Boards of Health. So have we, the members of which never take any action relating to their fnnctions until a fever has broken out or an epidemic sit in, just hb people do who insure their houses after a fir«. Your advertisements bear nearly the same relation to ours. There is one magnificent exception. You have a large body of uione) lenders in your midst. There is, I notice, n.oney to lend on mortgage, on free holds and leaseholds, on transfers, on bills and promifsory notes, on personal security, on watches and jewellery and personal effects. Of the Iatu-r class of lenders I may excltim, ' O, my prophetic soul, my Uncle'.' They are at times a very great convenience — as who should know better than myself — so simplfi and no clear in their operation, especially where there are side doors to the establishment. .Now with us, to your column of lending Miwrtis, nifnts, we can in our leiding journals show three columns of rnonoy borrowing ones. That's the difference between you and us. But then you see tint at present the raising of loans is so very much more in our line tbanjin yours You, if your columns speak true, are, not devoid of earthquakes, but iu the matter of such terrestrial threuteniugs yo.i are not a patch on New Zealand. Why, sir, while Parliament sits otdy once a year in Wellington, that city can snow that its annual average of earthquake sums up a total of two hundre i.anl eleven. So says Dr. Hector, the Govern ment Geologist, one of whose functions is to chronicle all earthquakes, and to, if possible, trace them to their first cause. In thin ho has not been so successful as he has in ac climatising birds and finbes, the former of which costs the colony half a million a year in the loss of grass, and the latter never cominj to maturity because of being consumed by tue eels which abound iu our rivers and which help to fatten the Maoti. May I ask you— not from mere curiosity but for desired information — what aro the precise constitutional powers and privileges possessed by yoar Ministers during a Parliamentary recess? It is a question I should very much like to have answered. With us while the Assembly is in session the representati res do have romp control over Minister*, bat no sooner is Parliament prorogued than all control ceases, and Ministers are permitted to do what soever it may please them, notwithstanding it may be in contravention to motions which have been aimed by a majority of the representitives during the time of tho sessional sitting. Motiey shall have been voted for certain railways or bridges, or for other important public work-, after all qncstinns affecting them have been fairly discussed in all their several hearing!. The session comes to a close; a long n-cen follows, but when the representatives are call* 1 together again it is learned that Ministers hava defiantly ignored resolutions previously pjasa-i and have acted contrary to the wisbtw e; prersed wben in Parliament assembled. And this entirely on their own responsibility. Do your Ministers do the siroe sort of thine.' If they do, do you call it constitutional ? I dou't. Kor ii.*ta»rr, and by way of i!lu*!riii:i|( aiy mpanini:, it h«d been declared during our U-- t session that considerable reduction* should be mule in certain departments of the public -ervice ; that certain proposed works sluuld 'e proceeded with, that others should not ; th»t certa-n endowments should b? m»f)e. But »-h-n Parliament comes toother agiin members of tin- H'u«e are informed that it ha* n»t been i-onv.-i,;. nt to cirry thf resolutions of member*, iv th;.» it wm not coLfidere-1 expedient, or thtt it has not been something el*-. I c\nno spprove of this sort of thiug myself, St*uw, you se«, Ministers h*v.s only -to iei'p swi-tt with member'! nnttl P»rli»annt is ..if'.f.'.n-' wfcf-r. they can permit themselvri unchecked to pursue their own peculiar ends bowever devious or nnconstitutional they may be. I rather fancy from what I read in your files to hand that your Ministers are not iltogether innocent in this matter, and I think if I were a South Australian I shouldn't stand it. Our Government talk about introducing coolie labour from the Malay Peninsula for the purpose of cultivating tobacco in suitable district* in the North Island. It is intended to make the industry a Government monopoly. If tbe proposal is allowed to assume form and shape, then if I be not very greatly mistaken there will be a kick np with the ' working man.' He will nave none of it. He will talk about the thin end of the wedge towards introducing niggers who will be dealt with as slave* and who will interfere with the free European labour of the colony. I cannot say I like the idea myself. Thirty-two years ago— it comes within my personal knowledge — one Lieutenant Johnston brought to Victoria three cargoes of coolies, who were engaged for a term of five yean to the squatters. The men wretched anatomies they were— were to be trans ferable at the option of employers as might be mutually agreed upon between themselves. These coolies were to serve in the capacity of shepherds and butkeepers. Within six months one-third of these poor creatures had died from the nipping morning frosts on the plains; while others were turned away from the stations to linger about Melbourne and Geelong begging food and shelter. It was a piteous sight. Of the 500 coolies who arrived only about a dozen returned to their own conutry. They had been used in their native homes to a diec of fish and rice and fruit and vegetables. On the stations they got only mutton and damper. In some in stances they were most cruelly treated, in others as kindly, but they were quite unused to the work imposed on them, and their end was melancholy to behold. I don't want to see any more inch importations, and I hope most sin cerely there will be none. 