"THE NUNS OF MINSK; OB, WHAT jWTS MAY EXPECT IF THE CZAB TBIUMPH& "She paternal government of Bnesia were aeohstomed at that time to provide for the •wHowb of its toldiers by forming them into r «6intiuriitieB, intowbieh also were received iromen such as in Epgtand are sent to houses of «oiTeotion. When we oon eider the cbaracterof the Blassiafi soldiery, Who, in Poland, the •Oa'ucaBus, and Bulgaria, have participated in barbarities the moat atrocious, we may guess that their widows would not be among either -the meekest or JBO'et modest of their sex. They and the women of loose oharaoter associated With them in oominnnity went by \- the name 61 the "Black Bisters." For rtvo losg years the saintly nuns underwent a Slavery the most revolting to any woman of refined feeling, serving in the meanest offices •these " Black Sistets," whose unbridled tempen, coarseness, font language and hard blows wndered -their existence unendurable without a special grace. Where God raises a temple, says a German proverb, the devil bnilds a ohapel bard by ; that is, the devil 'parodies, mimics, and mookt God's works.' What more odious caricature of , Catholic religious life can we conceive than r.these schismatics! convents of Black Sis- •jterap - Chained together in pairs, the .Catholic Nans toiled, on coarse and scanty diet; with ofnly a few hours of the night for repose, the bare floor (forming their couch. After two years at ,Witebsk, Siemasko transferred them to IV>look, where a second oonvprit of Black r§istera received them. ' Here they net ten 'others of their order in the same state of .servitude for their constancy to the faith, and here a fresh trial befel them. One of the - dearest relationships among ,Christian people is that existing between a .confessor and those he directs in the .spiritual life. Judge then of the feelings of .the Nuns of Minsk on finding at' Polock .their former confessor and director. Father ,5tio|i?dewitz, present himself to them in -the uniform of a r renegade, in the garb of a .Eussian priest! - He had been gained over jby the. renegade bishop, Siemasko, and now .Was made an instrument to prevail over the -Bans whom he had formerly counselled to Choose death before apofltacy. These faithful women, however, hadle&rned; tioia him lesson which he had no jpower to unte&ch; •them; and' this last effort of Siemasko tailing, there remained only brute force to aid him; Twice a week, on Wednesdays and Saturdays, eaoh Catholic Nun, in the .presence of Eussian clergy, Miohalewitz presiding, received fifty lashes 1 Yes, not more than forty-one years ago these Christian ladies, in one of the most .powerful states of Europe,werethiie outraged. And all the while the Czar of Bussia was Mating to the,British Government about "M6 [BuesUn aense •ofhonour, and bier imperial elemenoy, and his royal ohivdlty in dealing with his Polish subjects. And he went on figging the Nuns of Minsk at the rate of '^00 lashes to each per week, until three of them fell down dead under the torture.- pid ihe. Czar stop thsiS? Ifo. . The flogging vfas jjtigpended, bat a new and improved cruelty •ttSok its' placpi, ajbe only food allowed for a time to the Nans from Minsk was salt herring, and no driisk was permitted, and when for •{daily days they had. been fed solely on salt fish, and the pangs of thirfet had become intolerable, they pleaded earnestly for water, trtii it Was promised to.tbetn on condition that they should forsake their Catholic' religion and Join t'he BufeHo-Qrtek Church, iiiei this, for a long time they were allowed bread *nd water every second day. All this time \- r flfteen or seventeen of them were employed at'work. In civilised, schismatical Russia, 'nnder the Czar, their work was considered Te'ry sditable lor Catholic Nans—not the needle, nor the baking-dish—bnt the spade and 'pickaxe'and crowbar were put into their bands, fend they were marched out day after -day to excavating and quarrying stones. So Wetik had they become on their bread and tratfer diet that they often crept stealthily to some eow stalls near the place of toil and Seized and devoured oabbage stalks and other 'green stuff given as fodder to the brute feasts.* Through want of skill, the bank or quBjtij where- they were excavating several times fell in upon them,, or Blipped from tinder their feet when wqrking on the top, and,thus seven of them were killed from time to time. After this they were set to assist .in clearing out the foundation for a new. palace for the renegade bishop, their tormentor,.and to carry up mortar and bricks to the buildbrs. In doing this two or three more lost their lives by falling off the seatfolds. Two or three gentlemen who became iwareof their sad condition, and who exjresied theif sympathy for them, were taken by the police and in' 54 hours were on the road to Siberia as convicts and exiles, torn to 'jearsMrom their families and homes. Bifeht cf-the Nuns of Minsk were killed at work on the new palaces-seven by the falling -•if*? 1 * t^* 1 * and one by being struck With the handle of a winch. Their bodies were buried in a hole ontside the town; bnt aoma of the people of Polock, who were Cathohos, stole out «t «ight and disinterred them, preserving their relics as the relies of Ohristian martyrs. ; While " the iNuns of Minsk were nndergoing these tortures at Polock, it happened that some religious men of the same order Vkt'brought 1 there. :They. were the rema/Mh oi & large community who had gone tnrongh an ordeal as terrible as that of the ^ Minsk irons,-and they bor«:npon Hide per- •pns evident marks of the brutal treatment tained on account of their fidelity to the y See. The-flight of their scars and bruises caused the nuns the most poignant sorrow, ioi jl ip. the characteristic oLxyomei t6 leU the'sorrows oi otb&rB; 1 more thrniheir own. Four of these monks, Fathers Zarveki, Buczyuski, Zilewioz, and. Eomar, aged men of high birth, arid ,eaoh superior ofa monastery .were, in presence of the nuns of Minsk, one after another placed under a putaap of freezing water, which, qncontact with thei bodies, covered them with a eoat oi ioe, death in each ease resulting. A fifth, the Abb(§ Landanski, grey and venerable, fallifig nnder a bnndle of faggots', was stniak by his driver on the head so violently that he was killed on the spot, and joined the other martyrs of his order, whose Polish names, if we find it bard to spell and pro- Bounce, their reoordingj angels have written them in heaven. One night when some schismatical Eussian priests were drunk, in company with a number of schismatical " Black Sisters," several Of the Catholic priests esoaped. This so enraged Bishop Siemasko that he determined to finish the business at onoe so far as the Nuns of Miiisk were concerned. He gave orders for them to meet him at a fixed hour in a Eussian church at Polock. Driven by the soldiery at the point of the bayonet, and followed by a mixed concourse of Christians and sohismatics, they reached the church door. Siemasko; smiling hypocritically, came out to meet thetn, and, addressing the nuns with assumed kindness endeavoured to take the hand of the prioress, as if all this were done on a preconcerted arrangement between them, to lead her into the Schismatical church. Madame Mieczyslaska, however, rather spoiled this bishop's plan. Stepping back and rejecting bis proffered hand, Bhe ordered Sister Wawrzecka to place a" bloofc of wood which lay near, made a sigh to her companions to kneel down, took an axe belonging to one of the labourers employed there to effect repairs, and handing it to SiemasCok, said, "Take this axe and become oar executioner after having been our paBtor. Octr heads may roll into your church, bnt while we have breath our feet never shall/' SitemaBko, enraged, flung the axe from him, and it struck one of the nuns on the foot. He then, with olenohedjffiBt, struck the' Rev. Mother a blow in the mouth, and retired precipitately into the oharoh, 'covered, with oonfusion. The nuns, accompanied by a large crowd, returned to prison', and'the enthu- siastic admiration of the populaoe rose to a dangerous height. The military alone pro. tested Siemasko from their anger. Then followed the crowning monstrosity of the eChismatical bishop.. He ordered that the Bnssian soldiers of the guard should be supplied with unlimited Wine, and when they were half drunk-handed over to them the*holy Nuns of Minsk for violation! God, however, is stronger than Satan. Maddened with drink, and Winded with passipn, the soIdierB, faceting pj* obstinate resistance, were roWed, to ungovernable fury. Cursing and blaspheming, they attaokedtbe sisters with "low blows, and kicks, and finding all in vain, finally trataplpd them under foot. Their blood, .mingling with the earth, formed a thiok mud, with which they were soon covered so as soarcely to be reoognised as human beings. Two sisters were killed, eight surviving, some with their eyeB torn out, others with a broken arm or leg. Meanwhile the people of Polock became more agitated each day as acoounts of these outrages leaked out in spite of all the authorities. . - M. Walenkienwita, who ventured to order a funeral service for two of' the martyrednnns, was exiled to Siberia, and a Dominican oonvent, in whieb'the crime of praying for the captives bad been committed, was broken up. Polock, however, would stand these horrors no longer, and the few remaining daughters of St. Basil were sent to another establishment of Black Sisters at Jjiezioli, a little town in the Minsk district surrounded by small lakes. By night those who eould walk set out on foot, disfigured by wounds, While those who had been crippled were plaoed in uncovered Cossack waggons. At Miezioli the remaining sisters were separated to undergo fresh trials. Lies, too, ' were brought into request, it being reported to several of the nuns that some o( those from whom they were separated had apostatised. This stratagem failing, the remaining sisters were placed in sacks which were tied round the nuns' necks, leaving their heads tree. Hopes were then fastened round the sacks at the nuns' waists. Then the officials in charge got into boats, and giving the signal to the rowers, the uns were dragged into the lagoon, oare' eing taken to keep their heads above water. his dreadful torture lasted some hours, ith intermissions for the pnrpose of asking he nuns il they would apostatise. Three of heir number perished in the lagoon and were uried on the buks, and again the Catholia nhabitants stole away their martyred emains. Miohalewitz, th9ir ex-confessor, itnessed these draggings ' through the water, and, enraged like 'one possessed by a demon at their eonBtancy, several times eried out to the boatmen, Drown them, drown them." On bis homeward return from . a cardosS the day after, intoxicated, the doomed: wretoh fell .off bis horse into one of the same lagoons and was himself drowned. Alter two years at Miezioli, of the thirty- Seven Nuns of Minsk there remained alive bnly fourteen. The Rev. Mother suffered from •heavy blow on the head; the .wound cansed by it festered, remaining undressed, : and wprms formed 7 in the wound, oaasing her exorubiating pain s,nd almost driving reason fnmr-itr seat.' lt Was settled that the fourteen remaining nans ehoald he M&t; to bibena,lhe land of snow'aid night, bat from this f,- the feagt of llie protojiojie of the convent of " Btaok Sister^' was ,made ihe oooasion of a wild revel. The Bussi^n pnests t Black Bisters.and guards got drank in edmpany,and late rt night all had fiiink into stnpid sleep. The Bev. Mother and thr^e other nnns, climbing some trees vfhioh grew inside" the lofty walls C(f t'he mbna&tic; prison, ieaped from that gieat height down en to the snow, which had drifted against the outer wall to the'hei&frt; of abotit fourteen feet, as it expressly to receive them. Uninjured by the leap, they strack aoro'Bs Country .by separate roads, appointing a rendezvous in a neighbouring town. The Bev. Mother Mieeayslaska, had not gbhe far when she nlet some peasant's, who; on the alarm being raised,-had set out to searoh for the nuhs, but as she was alone they took no notice of her. For four days she journeyed on through one of the forests which abound in that part of 'Ba'asia,' living on roots. On the fifth day, her' strength failing, she approached a woodcutter's hut, first ascertaining that there was Only a woman in it. She asked for bread and her request was readily met. Then inquiring her way, the woodcutter's wife informed her it was impossible'She- could make the journey. Nevertheless Mieczyslaska set out, taking God, for whom Ahe had suffered so much, for her guide.gAt night she slept among a flock of sheep 1 for warmth and security. Further on, when on the point of dropping from cold and hunger, she fell in with a second hut, and, : revealing heir name, received a V stoat; hospitable weloome. The fame of the Nntis of Minsk had spread far and wide' Jthrougli those provinces. The cottagers 'treated the Buffering prioress as a saint, kept her a week'with them, clad her Well and «et her on her way with money and provisions,direcV ibg hefc to 'houses where she would receive shelter. Arriving safely at her destination, Madame' Mreciyslaska met' only •. Sister Wawizecka, but found that the other two had reached in safety Galicia, beyond the BUssian holder. She herself, taking advantage of the flooke and herds then travelling to market across the Prussian frontier, escaped the Eussian agents, 'and reached th« door of the house of the Sisters of Charity at Posen, where We first found hek , ' From Posen, where a -juridical attestation of the faots recounted was made by her in the presenoe of the ArchbiBhop of that f city, tiie prioress proceeded to Paris; Her story had gone before her, and' her journey through France to Bome was a triumphal procession. 1 On the 6 th November she recounted to Pope Gregbry XVI. all that had happened. The Pope expressed himself to the •egfaot that Nicholas I. could never have been oognisant of ihe horrors enacted'in his. name' until, the prioress reminded him of £er,petition .to the daaif.'tbe reply to whioh, in the Czai'$ own writing, was addressed • to the apostate Siemasko itftheser words . " Holy and venerable Archbishop,—AH that you have done is jail and laada&le.;' I approve of all you have dbne and/Will, do." Any means, it appears, were justifiable in the Czar's eyes for extirpating Catholicity throughout his dominions. If the Czfttiajimghs so far as to acquire any greater~BOVereignty over Tfre Turkish Empire in the E^tf/VS havain'the story of the Nuns of .Miiisk'a faif e'am^ of what we may expecti and/WhaVall Catsf⁣ Nuns and convents may expert .from. his,, remorseless polioy. It is of- the nature of echisiff to hate, and resist t^e^ f^ithfal drtiro^c:' Church,,, more than ^ven Pipans /hate* 'ik. .r The; nearer sohismatics come to the Cath61i'c Church in doctrine, the mop widely do they, differ in charity.. .Wherever , the Czars triumph, they assail the Sovereign Pontiffs at Bome with the most insolent Animosity, No diplomatic relations exist P^s&t;' between Bsme and St., Petersburg. The Czar has no ambassador to' the VaticaB. The Pope has no l^gate in Russia. This breach of. friendly intercourse was-the act of the Czatr, and hence' a^ain. we may see what we may 7 expect from ai>y, decisive triumph of the Czar oyer' any country where he shall hold supreme doniinion. The arrogant despot, Nicholas I., did not, however, escape a rebuke for his savage treatment of the ans of Minsk. In the summer of 1845, his mperial Majesty visited Italy, and spent a ew days at Bome. Being in the Pope's apital, it was arranged between the Czar's ambassador and the Cardinal Secretary of State that his Holiness Gregory XVI. should receive' the autocrat 1 of all the Bossies. The day and hour wpre fixed, and the Czar's carriage drove up to the steps of the grand' entrahoB to the Quirina! Palace. It'is hot - known for certain what' special object the-Ozar had in view in seeking an atidience- with Gregory. XVI., but. that he had. a speoial object is strongly inferred r froimf what passed between the Cardinal. Secretary and the Czar's minister. Nicholas was met at the steps of the Pope's palaoe by the Cardinal Chamberlain, and conducted in state through the long files of the household officers and guards to the Pope's reaeption-room.; Inside this room was only thefppe, seated in his,ol»ir. Into this room no one entered bat :ithe,-Czar; . He came from his carriage enuii^g and graciousr and fall of condescendingr ^ba^y in-hM manner, as if in good humour with every one and with hMMfllt. 'I'M'lUmt.-Wftiholas I- was one of . the finest and J^njisof in Europe- tall, jitJie, and if— limbs pf .the mosVshapelym^O'i'j'r rng truly rimmed wift "" ahdcpmmkni boting officials in waiting, the door opened anfl tu Czar went Then met the tw'fifif personageB -xh the whole werld. tbe Vw *' Christ and the Muscovite monarch ^ ' claimed to be pope in his own wide ex»en?i empire. Nearly an hour passed. No'M from the Pope T s" presence chamber ^ Wd. All was still as the tomb. At the Pope's bell rang, the door is opened ^ the Czar strides ont. Bnt what a ohanm ^ his appearance. His Head is raised lit! ™ in anger. His eye glances straight onw 0 him. His Cheek, is'Arched and his dilated, and, with long and rapid strode alemg the corridors, looking on nnoL^ but only desirous of getting out of the 0 L * house. 22?i»oaB When he of reaohed getting out the of top the of Po^ stepB at the grand entranoe he waited i J the AOrAiriAnial ceremonial, but descended J.i 7 tathe"wuttT^' ,i iOf His carriage had driven off rouud the S yard, as if his attendants did nof^M^u so soon. He did not wait for the fetSi ® come to him, but stalked across contrary to all etiquette, entered, andX^ rapidly away. """ TOrte No one but the two personages themeelv.. ever knew in detail what Gregory Nicholas .When his Holiness ^ about it, he only answered, " I flaid to hf™ what the Holy Ghost dictated, to » aS beyond this nothing wag ©ver dis'oidsed. a rumour wont abroad th4t,tke 'Hol v,F»tw Supreme Head of God's Church ^ S charged Nicholas to .-his face with beiffa tS real murderer of the Nans of Minefc Euow^. 16th July, 1875/ ; 