By the Nepean River. BY WAIF WANDER. Many years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to the present site of the Circular Quay, and at about three o'clock in the afternoon the bright sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. The figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a' man about thirty. He was well-featured, but not pleasant-faced — a dark complexioned face, with keen,' dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinate firm ness of- lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. ? He was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt ' only, with strong - long, boots drawn above the knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat ; he carried a stout whip in ' his brown hand,' and the clerk set him down at once as a country wool-grower down ?with his waggons. 'There's a ship expeoted in by your folk, ain't there— a [ship called the Wave of Life,' he asked. ? ' She's in,' replied the young man at the desk; 'there she lies,' and he pointed with the handle of his pen toward . a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. 'In?, isshe? Ah! And she has brought out some women, hasn't she ? some servants I mean ?' 'Yes, she has eighteen females on board, I believe.' 'What would be the best way to engage one ? Can I take a boat and go out to the vessel ?' 'She's discharging her passengers now ; I'm going down to the wharf in a few moments; you can come along if you like, and you'll have an' opportunity of seeing the women as they land.' In a few moments, as the clerk had said, they were on their way to the wharf, and as they reached it a couple of boats were making their way toward the shore. It was evident that the boats were principally occupied by females,' who; 'with deep interest,' were watching the shores of that new country, in which everything seemed- so strange to their, unacoustomed eyes. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy- browed woman, 'with firm lips and a sharp and aotive eye that seemed to take in everything .around her and analyse it, as far. as her own personal interest was concerned. She was not very young— she might have been thirty — and she looked like a woman who would not lose her way even in so great a continent as Australia. As they landed and were met upon the: wharf by many whom curiosity or business had led to see the new arrivals, tho woman I have described stood ; a littlo apart, looking koenly from face to faco of the strangors around, and listen ing sharply to what passed between those who sought to engage a servant from among her late companions. Her ap pearance seomod to attract tho man who had como down with tho shipping-clerk, and ho moved toward her. ' Aro you looking for a situation, my girl ?' ho asked, bonding his brows, and looking at her koenly from undor tho brim of his broad hat. 'I suppose so,' she answered, as she returned his stare with interest. 'Have you ono to offer me 1' ' I have. I am just down to enguge a woman.' ' For what kind of work ?' 'Housework, in tho country.' ' And tho wages ?' ' Oh, we won't quarrel about tho wages. If you will come with me I'll give you tho highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that I know it isn't every girl would care to take it.' 'How far away is it?' 'Over forty miles. Just under tho first spur of tho Blue Mountains.' Tho woman laughed. It was not a pleasant laugh to hear — it was harsh and shallow. ' I'm as wise as I was before. What do I know about your Blue Moun tains or your Green Mountains ! There's one thing I'd liko to ask you, my good man. What made you pick me out of oil these girls to ask me ? My looks aro not in my favour I know.' ' Perhaps it was because they are not that I preferred you. You look like a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. That's tho sort of woman I want.' ' Well, you're riglit ; that's about my character, and if wo agree about terms I think I'll go. Them Blue Mountains of yours will have to be very high indeed if they keep me from coming back to Sydney if I have a mind to,' and she laughed again the strange, disagreeable laugh I remarked on before. ' But one thing I may as well tell you at once, I don't go one foot with you or any man until I'm taken to some well-known person of this city that will vouch for your decency and respectability.' 'That is but fail-,' he said, 'and I agree to it.' 'And now you may give me a name to call you by,' she said. ' My own name is Martha Wilderness.' 'And mine Mark Blum.' ' You're not a foreigner ?' ' No, but I expect some of my people were Germans. Now, Martha Wilder ness, if you will point out your luggage, I'll get it taken to the placo I put up at, and where you may as well put up at too. They are respectable people there, and have known me for years.' Apparently all was arranged to the woman's sstisfaction, for the earliest sunrays-of_ the next, morning saw tho waggon of Mark .Blum. Ou its-*.7^v to tho Blue Mountains, with Martha Wilderness sitting under the tilt, but near the front, where she could see the fine team of horses and talk to the gloomy-looking owner as he drove. They were a strange couple as they jogged along, and had anyone have been there to observe them, it must have been commented on. Hours and hours of the long summer day they sat thero in silence, eich apparently immersed in unpleasant thought, totally irre spective of the existence of the other, only arousing occasionally as . some stoppage was necessary, or the wants of the horses had to be attended to. Whon the sun was falling beaeatli the horizon, however, and they were but a littlo way from the place Blum had told the woman he should camp out for the night, a new mood seemed to overtake the immigrant. Clapping her hands together, so suddenly that Blum turned and looked at her with a start, she cried, ' Well, we're nice company ! How far have we come, Mr. Blum?' ' Well, we're about thirty miles from Sydney, and about fifteen from the Nepean. My place is not far from Emu Ford, and if tho moon wasn't so old, I'd give the horses a rest and get in by mnnnlip*ht. but it's Tint two hmira *hip4i. you see,' and he pointed to the pale crescent that was drooping towards the trees. 'Are you. tired?' he asked. . ' Tired ! no, not I— I'm never tired at night. I'm liko the cats, and the, bats, and the rats ; I only begin to be: alive when the world goes to sleep. My! but ithis is a fine country !' Blum looked wonderingly at the speakor, who seemed in earnest in her admiration of one of the most depressing bits of scenery the whole road between Parramatta and the Nepean could show. They had reached a low, marshy spot, where the coarse vegetation- was low, and where the heavy timber had receded in the direction of the not now distant Nepean river. The sun had fairly set by this time, and broad, dark clouds from the east wero creeping up the sky, darkening and deepening the shadows, and rendering the long, low marsh even gloomier looking than had the day light fallen upon ? its surface. The woman's eyes were roaming eagerly over the desolate , landsoape, as if she thoroughly, enjoyed it, and her com panion began to think, he had got to deal with a very strange woman, 'If you really like the look of Barra Swamp,' he said, 'you must be very difforent from .other people.' 'I am very different from other people, Mr. Blum, , and so are you. It was because I saw that at the first look that I wanted to [come up to the Blue Mountains with you.' \- ' Saw what?' he asked sharply, turn ing a dark look upon the speakor. 'Saw that you, had, a secret in your face, that there was down in your heart a dark something to hide that you were afraid would look out of your eyes ! Oh, I'm a rare one to readfaoes, especially when they're bad ones like your's.' Blum stared at her with suoh anger and consternation that he forgot his team, andhad they not been accustomed to the road -they might have passed tho traok that led to the river side, where he was in the habit of camping, but they took it of their own accord, and the ohange drew the driver's attention to them. ' You're no coward, at all events, my good woman,' he said, ' and I must have a talk to vou in plain laneuaee presently;' 'No, I'm no coward,' she returned; ' if I ? was I shouldn't have come with you; and as for plain language, that's the sort I like to deal in sometimes,' she added, with a slight hesitation as though recalling a something that she had over looked. It was far pleasanter down by the river. Trees grew on its murmering banks, and groen grasses hid the dark ground, and. in the growing darkness even there a deep gloom lay under the spreading branohes of the dark pines that bordered the Nepean. There was no word exohanged between the ungenial companions until the horBes had been attended to, and a rough meal prepared and partaken of, but when that was clearod away, Martha Wilderness spoke. ' Now, master,' sho said, with a sar castic emphasis, ' wo'ro ready for that plain languago of yours. What's tho business you havo trappod mo for at tho Blue Mountains ?' ' Trapped you for ?' ho repeated. ' Or thought you trappod me for, whero all along it was you that \yns trappod !' and again tho strange laugh foil repellantly on the ears of her now employer. ' I laid no trap for you,' he retortod. ' I engaged you for housework in tho baok country, and you signed an agree ment to do it.' ' Yes, but when I signed that agree ment, I never asked you what sort of housework it was. Do you think any fool couldn't seo in your faco that it wasn't for sweeping floors and washing dishes you wanted a strong-minded and able-bodied woman to go to tho Bluo Mountains with you ? By the way, what do they call them bluo for ? Are they blue?' It was a sudden change of subject, and excited the suspicions of Blum. Ho looked at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must bo, and felt a strango curiosity to know what was pass ing in her mind. Surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of miles to know anything of his lifo, whon not ono in tho country he dwelt in suspected its reality ? Murtha was sitting on the grass, with her back leaning against a log, and the low moon sinking beyond the glittering waters, throwing its sad light on her pale face. She had taken off her bonnet and tossed it on tho ground beside her, whero it still lay, and her hand with it. Blum sat on a bit of wood at tho dis tance of a few feet from her, and his shoulder was toward tho moon. One side of his faco was in deep shadow, and the brim of his hat fell low over his fore head ; but even in the pale moonlight the pallor of the man's face was like a white patch against the dark background, and his eyes shone like coals of iiro. 1 1 As Martha asked the irrelevant ques tion regarding the name of the mountain that she could now see tho bold outline o£ rising up against the horizon, her own keen orbs were bent upon Blum's face, which Bhe watched with a greater sus picion than was exhibited in even his own half-angry gaze. 'Well,' she' said, abruptly, 'why don't you tell mo why they call them bluo 1 they look black to me.' What the — do I care why or what they call them !' he returned. ' Do you think I engaged you to come up to the Nepean to talk of tho Blue Mountains ?' ' No, I don't ; you brought me up to do some dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself even now. What was it ? that's what I want ' to know.' Her attitude was so determined and aggressive, as she partially raised her self, and, lifting1 her hand from tho ground, held it out Before- ilim with an air of command, that it, almost uu-.OI1. soiously to himself, impressed him. ' Well, that's just what I want to tell you. You're a sharp woman, you are, to have guessed that I was afraid to tell you for fear you wouldn't come. But we'll have it out now — it's too late to go back.' ' Yes,' she replied, ' it's far too late now ; what business have you for me ? Why did you look ^among all my com panions, and, passing by tho fair and jolly girls, pick out the dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work.' 'Because it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will — you have both, Blartha Wilderness.' ' Yea, I have. See to that,' she said, pushing the loose sleeve up from her wrist, and showing an arm, white as a woman's, but strong aud muscular almost as a man's. ' What is it you want me to do ? Is it murder ? I could strangle you, I think, if I had a mind to ; ' and putting the ends of her strong fingers and thumbs together, sho gripped them in as though sho were crushing the life out of some living thing, and listening to its gasps. Blum shuddered to the marrow of his bones. 'No, no ! ' ho cried, 'how can you talk like that, woman? It's bad. enough as it is. Well, the plain English of it is that my wife is mad, and I want you to look after her.' 'Mad! Your wife mad?' Like a knife the terrible laughter of that strange being went through Mark Blum. Her hands fell to her lap, and letting her head drop back so that the heavy braids of her black hair unloosed and fell upon the log behind her, she laughed until the echoes rang among the branches of tho trees above her and along the winding bank of the Nepean river. ' Woman, there is surely nothing to laugh at in madnos3 ! ' Blum cried, half in terror and half in anger. ' Isn't there ? Sometimes it seems to me the funniest thing in the world is a mad woman. And so you want me to watch your 'wife, who is mad ? ' 'Yes, you iiro not afraid of the job I see.' ' I told you I was no coward : what way is she mad ? Is Bhe dreamy and silent ? does she wander with the moon, or kill with it? Or does Bhe nurse and hide one feeling down below all others, a feeling to which years are as days, and whioh only ' gathers with ' time '! Does sho carry that ono feeling about -with her from youth to age, and over land and seas to quonoh it at last ia the blood of an enemy ?' She was like a Pythoness, whom the evil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as she rose suddenly and poured out burn ing and strange words, to the night air of the Nepean. In the exaggerated imagination of Mark Blum, she seemed to loom, tall and weird, in the darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemed to hold a strange power over him, and to subdue his will, like an incantation. 'Does she wander about like a ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived her, or of- a husband she has lost? Are her dreams of limitless space, where souls without bodies, flit about in the sunless air, or of the bottomless pits of fire, where the accursed of heaven dwell? Ha ! ha! ha! of what strange things are the thoughts of mad women !' Blum swept the cold perspiration from his forehead, andgotup hurriedly. ' I'm beginning to think, you're mad yourself, my good woman, and I will take a ramble until you come to yourself. If I hadn't been in your oompany all day, I'd swear you had boen drinking,' and ho strode off into the darkness. ' Fool !' she muttered to herself, as she once moro sat upon the grass ; 'he thinks that nothing but drink can make a woman mad — ho, of all men, ought to know better ?' As sho ceased to speak the sounds of a quiokly approaohing horse's feet became distinct, and in a fow moments a horse man alighted oloso to the waggon. See ing the recumbent or half-reoumbent figure of the woman making the shadows darkor whoro she sat, ho peered forward in tho gloom, niul spoke. 'You aro a woman, oh? Whore's Blum?' 'Horo, there, anywhere,' she answerod, carolesBly. 'I am horo, John. .What lias hap pened?' Blum spoke sharply as he came near tho man, and one could hear that his voice trembled. 'Nothing that need fret you much, Blum. She's dead.' ' Dead ?' 'Yes, and I thought I'd bottor meet you with tho nows, or someone else might. There's all sorts of yarns at tho Ford about it, and I did not know how you'd take 'em.' 'Yarns?' ' Yes, T haven't been up to your place sinco you left, you know, and. it seems someone from over tho mountains happoned to pass by the houso yestorday, and had tho curiosity to listen at tho door or window, wondering how you had left, your wife. It is said that groans were heard — at all events tho stranger smashed in the door with your own axe, and found the woman dying.' ' Not dead ? not speechlcss ?' 'No, sho told him that you had loft hor thore for over a -week without water and without food, and that sho was dying of want. But she told him moro,' the man said, drawing closer and almost whispering; 'she told that you 'wished her doath, lest sho should inform of your crimes, and that she had never ^ boen mad. Mark Blum, I rode here to- night to give you a chance for your life, for if, you go to Emu Ford thoy will lynch you — if they don't, dead men have been brought to light from their graves made by you, and the law will do your business.' The speaker waited for an instant, but the wretched Blum mado no reply, and the man remounted without another word and. rode away again into the gloom. Blum stood where he had listened, as if he had been struck dumb ; in those few minutes of helpless silence he doubtless suffered an almost unendurable agony from the horror of 'his own thoughts. He had forgotten all but the terrible words of tho departed horseman, and. when the woman he had forgotten put her hand on his arm ho gasped with terror, as though he thought his mur dered wife had come face to face with him in the lone night by the Nepean Eiver. ' Ha ! ha ! ' she laughed ; 'I am not, and yet I am, the ghost of your dead wife. At last, at last, Mark Blum, your sins have overtaken you.' 'Who aro you that talks tome like this ? ' he cried, hoarsely, as though the words choked him. ' If you heard that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. If I had meant to kill her would I have hired you to attend her ? ' ' ' Only the Spirit of Evil knows what you would be capable of doing, Mark Blum. I know what you have done. And so you have murdered your second wife ? Not every man can boast of killing two wives !' The moon was now just throwing her last beams full in the faces of the two SC strangely cast together in that wild and ioiVC'j spot, and from the cloudless sky millions of .stars were pouring down their brightness as tuS- Jjist beams of the hidden daylight ceased to cilfltend with them. Into each other's faces th.0 two stared steadily, and it seemed to Sffifk., Blum as if, moment by moment, the woman's face became more familiar to him. 'Who aro you?' he repeated. 'Your face is changing — it is not the face of the woman I engaged at Sydney. I think I am going mad! I feel choking !' and he tore from his neck the scarf that encircled it. ' You know my face too well, Mark Blum — a living man oannot forget the face of his victim. I am Jane Repsill.' 'Jane Repsill I' 'That was, until she became Jane Blum. Wonder you dared to live under that same namo, even although thou sands and ? thousands of miles were between you and the blood you had shed. But you did not spill enough of it. You left me for a corpse ; but, although my skull was fractured, I recovered, to find myself mad ! Not mad enough to forget you though, Mark Blum. Not mad enough to prevent me from vowing a vow, and repeating it for fifteen years, until the asylum doors were opened to the recovered lunatic ! Recovered ! I shall let you and them soo !' He staggered back and lifted his hand to his head. ' If it is really you, Jane, have pity on me— I :believe I am dying.' ' It is time for you to die. Would to God that you had died twenty years ago !', and as the old memories flooded up the diseased brain, she seemed to forget the man, who fell to the grass at her feot; she meobanically fell again to her former seat on the grass and buried her. face in her hands. There was no eye to mark tho two figures', half hidden among the shadows, and hours passed away, leaving their outlines unchanged. Clouds crept up onco more and hid the brightness of the heavens, and wild breezes swept among the pines arid roughened tho sur faco of the cold Nepean. Moaning sounds followed the course of the erratic breezes, aud dead leaves from : the branches above fell upon the face of Mark Blum and upon the disordered hair of the silent woman, but they mado no sign. _ The calico cover of the waggon flapped in the wind, and the satisfied horses crept near it for company, but the man lay prono upon the grass and the woman's face was still hidden from the dews of night, The morning broke bright and beau tiful on the shores of the river, and in all his glory the glad sun shone full upon the sleepers. Tbe horses, looking for thoir early feed,' moved towards their slumbering master, and then fled, with a terrified snort. A grey lizard crept along tho log against which tho woman leaned, and invading her long, damp, black hair, crawled to her shoulder and touched with its shiny sides, tho hands that hid her face, but she did not chide it ; and when the same horseman, who had warned Blum, returned during the day to. satisfy himself that Blum had fled, he found the murderer staring with sightless eyes up at the heaven he had outraged ; and the dead woman with her face for ever hidden from tho world she had suffered iu. There aro green spots now by the Nepean River, and many homesteads on its banks, but where those dead bodies lay tho air seems always gloomy to those who know tho story I havo told you. Thk times iiro hard — ovorybody says so — but tho wages of sin liave not boon out down. Any man pays too much for his whistlo who has to wot it fifteou or twenty times a day. The other day tho Borkshiro Courier, with well-feigned innoconce, iuquirod, 'How can five persons divido five epgs so that oaoh man will receivo one, and still ono remain iu tho dish' After sovoral hundred peoplo went two-tliirds distraotod in' tho mazes of this pro position, tho Courier meanly Bays— Ono takes tho dish with tho egg. 