Lord Roseberry's Marriage In the House of Convocation, on May 16, the Rev. Prebendary Ainslie Henstridge obtained permission to read in extenso the following petition : — ' To the Very Rev. erend the Prolocutor, the Very Reverend the Deans, the Venerable Archdeacons, and the Reverend Proctors of the Lower House of the Convocation of Canterbury in Session assembled, — The humble peti tion of the undersigned Charles Gutch, B.D , priest of the diocese of London, and incumbent of St. Cyprian's, St. Maryle bone, sheweth : 1. That two persons, one of them a Jewess, were married by civil contract before the SuperintendentRegis trar of St. George's, Hanover Square, on March 20 last. 2. That subsequently, on the same day, these two persons, being married, presented themselves at Christ Church, May fair, for the solemnization of j their union with the marriage service of the Church of England. 3. That a priest of this diocese did then and there read the Church's service with them and did there fore, according to that service, bless them in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. 4. That this use of the service for one who is an unbeliever in the Christian religion is a plain profa nation of holy things, and a great scandal in the eyes of your petitioner and of many other Christians. 5. That this ceremony was performed under the sanction of a license, which was issued from the Bishop's registry, and carried the episcopal seal, and styled the two persons ' our well beloved in Christ.' 6. That such license was not merely needless in the case of two persons already joined by civil contract, but might haue been withheld at the dis cretion of the Bishop or his registrar act ing under his instructions. (See opinion of Sir Travers Twiss, late Vicar-General, which was read by Bishop Wilberforce in the Upper House of Convocation, Feb ruary 11, 1872). 7. That your petitioner, feeling deeply aggrieved at this manifest breach of Church order and profanation of holy rites, earnestly entreats your reverend House to take the whole matter into your grave consideration, and to deal with it as your reverend House shall deem most conducive to the honor of our Lord Jesus Christ and the discipline of the Church and the interests of true religion amongst as. And your petitioner will ever pray, &c.; — Signet! by me, Charles Gutch, B.D., this fifteenth day of May, in the year of Our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy-eight.' 