) OUR AMATBIIR. TI-IltlATRICALS AT ' ) BOOLONa. / . Ug jests at sears mho never felt a mouml — Romeo, V One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, bad of his ybutliful days, he used to declare, Y was when he made his first and .only appearance as |an : Y actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at'his ' \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad C conceived that he was born to be .an actor — to tread the / boards like tbe great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it / was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his Y peculiar dehiit. Ou finding tbe Melbourne and S'dney y managers unwilling to give a perfect novice ;vitb blearing C red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appe.arance in Hamlet" ( at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the /, bull by the horns" and get up a company of bis own down / at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense y ill buildliig a small theatre, purcbasing'wardrobe, having V- scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the ( thing well and in tip-top style. -Hs got together a kind f. of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am- / bitiohs amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the Y stage," and one or two sae ly outcasts of the profession; Y and he looked forwardYo the pro.luctioii of his pet play, y," Harhleli, "/himself as the Prince, with;' much excitemeut, / not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a / month's, "constant reheai-sal, were pretty perfect iu their y words befoiu the curtain went up, but after it did most of /. them forgot them. 'The scenery hitched; the Ghost vras /' intoxicated, and the likewise ; Ox)1u:lia, an amateur, Y burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen / lines. Banbury was roared at by the local personages who / assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this \ was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills / came in the expense was twice as large as' he had expected, J and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, k " allowed me to have whatever I wanted oh credit, because / they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide', .a strict Method- ) ist, would pay them, but I knevv very well he would do no such thing when he found" 'they; were -for ' theatrical trap- ' pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it ) was the theatre." "What was'he to do ? - His uhclh would disinherit him, turn him out of the house ho had'furnished ' for him, and send him adiift oh the world; "What was he ) to do ? His creditors would not wait and -he would be a miserable:pauper. But' for aU this He' did-' not lose his ' house, aridi-his poor uncle's fortune is -in. the.'bauk in his ) name, thanks to the timely aid of one mho 'is a. friend to the drama as well as to the vest of the morldfvfho advauccd ' him the needful. : Need we say his name. No ; all know \ him I But we may as well remark it . was the ehampion , of the distressed, ' DAVID HENRY, of- 52 Collins street, east, ) "VVho has from £5 to £!n,000 to lend on notes of Ti.and, bills \ of sale (witb../qt ' withqut.se'curity), salary orders, life policies/ certificates, dcMsi-bill of lading, -legacies, goods, / merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- \ :sons Thay.he entitled to .from England and. elsewhere, etc., ( repayable to suit the coh'veriieiice of borrowers. / ' . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ -ino'rtgages fi-om'G per cent; ,, 