A CATALOGUE OF WIVES. The heirs of the late Brigham Young having failed to agree in tbe distribu tion of his property, a lawsuit will, it is expected, take place, and is likely to prove a formidable affair, the suitors being twenty-five wives, or their heirs, consisting of forty-five children. The Prophet was supposed to have had only nineteen wives ; this, however, proves to bo an error. The number was twenty-five : two had died, and there are at present twenty-three survivors. A desenptive catalogue of these ladies appears in one of the American papers; — No. 1, Mary Ann Angell, first wife of the Prophet — large, portly, and dignified. No. 2, Lucy Decker — not bright nor smart, but a good worker ; for some time kept a sort of boarding house for the Prophet's other wives. No. 3, Clara Decker, sister of Lucy Decker — a short, thick-set woman, much like Lucy, hut more intelligent aud agreeable. No. 4, Harriet Cook— tall, straight, light-haired woman, with sharp nose aud fair complexion. No. 5, Lucy Biglow — would have been an ornament to any gentleman's house. No. 6, — Twiss, was Brigham's servaut, and subsequently wife — short and stout, low forehead, sandy hair, aud freckled. No. 7. Martha Bowker — plain, sensible, and quiet woman, of low stature and small mind ; seemed only to care for the Prophet occasion ally. No. 8, Harriet Barney — a gentlewoman, with pleasant expres sion ; married the Prophet from pure affection. No. 9, Eliza Burgess — small in stature, dark hair and eyes and dark complexion. No. 10, Ellen Bockwood — an even-tempered woman of little mind and a hazy complexion ; was a 'regular down-east Yankee girl.' No. 11, Snsan Bnively — a very plain woman, the commonest of aU Brigham's wives. He cared little for her. No. 12, Jemima Angell, sister of Bngham's first wife ; now very old. Brigham merely married her to give her an exaltation in the next world. He seldom saw her. No. 18, Margaret Alley— died in 1858. No. 14, Margaret Pierce — sharp nose, light hair ; a small woman with high temper. No. 15, Mrs. Hampton — tall, with round features and dark abundant hair. Ho. 16, Mary Biglow— disliked Mormonism and deserted the Prophet. No. 17, Ann Eliza Webb— the £amous wife, who gave Brigham so much trouble; as smart as she is fair. No. 18, Emmeline Free — tall and graceful. No. 19, Eliza Boxy Snow — a poetess, known as the ' Sweet 6inger of Israel,' of middle stature and dignified manners. No. 20, Zina D. Hnntington Jacobs — has some literary taste ; portly and good-looking ; took care of the three children of the Prophet's twenty-fourth wife, Clara Chase, a maniac. No. 21, Amelia Partridge — was originally a servant in Brigham's family ; good- tempered, universally beloved and respected. No. 22, Mrs. Augusta Cobb — a fine looking Massachusetts woman. No. 23, Mrs. Smith— an old woman ; merely murried for her salvation ; sealed to Brigham for a short time aud Joseph Smith for eternity. No. 24, Clara Chase — became a lnnatic and died. No. 25, Amelia Folsom — the Prophet's last wife, and the one for whom he gave up all his other wives— a fine blonde, with plenty of temper ; gave the Prophet to under stand that she alone would console his declining years, and carried her point. Polite Fictions. — Mrs. Brown : ' Dear me, Mr». Jones, are those tall young ladies really yours ? I had no idea that you had daughters grown up !' Mrs. Jones (who is still possessed of considerable personal attractions) : ' Oh, yes I I was married at fifteen, you know I And is that youug gentleman really your sou ?' Mrs. Brown (who is also possessed of ditto, ditto, ditto): ' Yes- a-I-was married at twelve.' In a rural district of Forfarshire a young ploughman once went courting on a Saturday night. In vain he racked his brain for some interesting topic ; he could call up no subject at all suitable for the occasion — not one sentence could he utter, and for two long hours he sat on in silent despair. The girl herself was equally silent ; 6he no doubt remembered the teaching of the old Scotch song, ' Men maun be the first to speak,' and she sat patiently regarding him with demure surprise. At last John suddenly exclaimed, ' Jenny, there's a feather on yer apron I' ' I widna ha'e wondered if -there had been twa,' replied' Jenny, ' for I've been sittin' aside a soose a' nicht.' Stutterers are compelled to take life easily, whether they will or no. Two men thus afflicted were at work at a forge. The iron was red hot and placed on the anvil, when the first one said, ' John, e-s-strike it hard.' The other answered, ' Jim, whwh where shall I hi-hi-hit it ?' ' No mm matter now, it's co-co-cold now,' was the reply, and the bar was put into the forge again. A Florida negro mistook a mule for a ghost and poked it with a stick. The verdict recited that he came to his death by using too short a stick in probing the unknowable for evidences of a future existence. 