T-O THE SD1T0B. L ' Bir-r-I shall be much obliged if you willfljHow mo a little space inyonr columns to comment on your local contemporary's report of the concert given in the Institute Hall on 4h« lift Instant. I fully believe in the liberty of the press, and the right of journalists to give free expression to their opinions, but I think fair ness should always be kept in view, and in the case to which I refer I believe all present at the concert will agree with' roe every thing has been made subservient to petty jealousy, jrrom beginning to end the critique is evidently the work of a splenetie individual, and an attempt to underrate the performance of a stranger, and as snob is deserving of the strongest ieproba tion. Gawler people have aright to 'blow* sometimes, but yonr contemporary has taken the lead in asserting that our town possesses vocalists snpmorjto one who is admitted by the highest musical authorities to be the leading tenor of the metropolis. To keep euch talented individuals in their present' obscurity is dscidedly an instance of mibtaken modesty, and I trnst soon to see one or two of them taking their proper position in* the musical world, which will undoubtedly be an enviable one. There & a dearth of good singers in South Australia, and we cannot afford to allow -ench geniuses to hide their lights under a bnshel. But until they have proved their claims it is unfair 'to give such a scathing criticism, especially as it was undeserved. I was present at the concert, and can confidently sty that Mr Mumme was the best vocalist in the room, and I believe all competent unbiassed judges will agre* with me. That the report will in jure his reputation is not likely, as the standard of vocal excellence is very different from that, your contemporary, and its utterances are not likely to have sufficient influence to convince people against their own judgment, and in opposition to the published opinions -of the best crities in the colony. The only reason I can assign for such an unfair critique is that it was written by an envious rival who was dis appointed to find his powers completely dis tanced. Every sentence bears the impress of spleen and malice, and its import ance is a great cause 'for congratulation no doubt to its author: I write this in the cause of fairness, and by giving it insertion you will confer a favor upon Tours, Ac, ' Donizetti's Gbobt. November 20, 1878. 