^lic(!|'O!;iuu;tlI(i|Iu;oiui|I(! TUB LAUNCESTON TIMES Thoesdat, July 85m, 1878. Ta'suAkm has at all limes keen celebrated for an immense amount of tinkcrip£ 'legislation, ami the lalest specimen in tbis sort of tliiii? is the bill now before Parliament to prevent the spread of tbe California.! tUistlc. At tlie present time tliera arc two Tliistlf Acts on tlio SUtnto Bwlc, the firBt— S4 Vic. No. .*- — to nravont the spread of the Califomian lliistle ('emeus arvemis), and Uin ' second — 35 Vic., No. 15 — extending tlie nrotisions of tint measure \n the Scotcli, or black tliielU (tflSati (-inwo(a(uj). These acte are uoli carefully drawn, and, if properly administered, sbonld bo all tluU is rfqaiElto for stamping the thistle nuiaanca out of the colony. But, unfortunately, they arc not properly administered, and thistles ant permitted to flourish all over tlio country. We fail to see that the proposed new act will be more cOectivo for the purpose aimed at than those now in existence. It repeals the present acts, and re- enncls them in a simplified form, but is directed against the Califomian thistle only, leaving tho 'Scotchman' to floori«li without let or hindrance. When the Extending Bill of 1871 was brought in, it was pointed ont that the Scotcli thistle was almost a greater nuisanco than its Yankee compeer, and nhat has happened siuce to exempt it from legislative prohibition we arc at a loss to imagine. Possibly onr tavants arc unable to fix its true definition, and it niav bo thought that, under the botanic name at present given, a conviction conld not be sustained. We do not know the cnictu lanceolatue, but the common and very troublesome British weed, ctrsium hncechlum, is an old friend. This is not, however, the thistle which forms Uio national emblem of Scotland. That is generally understood to be (he planless l\mlW(cnicusacavlii). ' According to common tradition, the Danes (or Norsemen) came opon the Scots niipcrceired in the dead of night, and, halting while tlieir spies were try ing to discover the undefended points of their opponents' camp, one of the gpie6 chanced to tread npon a thistle of this species, and the loud imprecation which Uio sudden pain evoked aroused the un suspecting Scots, who at once attacked tbe invaders, gained a complete victor)', and dubbed the plant which had been the means of their success — the Scotcli thistle.' Hence the motto on the Itoyal anas of Scotland, nemo me impune lacasct — no man tonchetli me wkli impunity. With out going further into the natural history of thistles, however, we can only say that these weeds exist in consider able variety in Tasmania to tbc great detriment of the land, and that some thing more than mere legislative enact ment is necessary for their suppression. Xlic reason of tho failure of the present act* is that they depend upon the action of informers. If anyone chooses to put the law in motion he can obtain a remedy agninstthc growth of thistles, but few iiVlividnals arc willingto take aggressive steps against tlieir neighbors ;i t in no one's special business to sot tbc law in motion, and as a consequence thistles flourish. If the new law is to he of any practical value, it must throw the re sponsibility of keeping down thistles upon some official power. Private individual* will not give effect to the low, and no matter how it may be amended it is sure to remain a dead letter. Dcyond simplifying the clan.-cs of the old nets, i-.«d taking away tlio power of appeal i.adinst the decisions of. tlie justices, the new bill is a mere parody upon those now in existence, and we do not bcliorc will be in any sense more effective. Wo should like to see n really stringent tiiiBtle act, which should prnvide proper officers for giving effect' to its provisions, but a bill such as that before tlio Legislature cannot be other trite than useless. Wliilc Parliament is dealing with this matter it is very de sirable it should include provisions against the spread of sweet briar. Many portions of the country nre thoroughly ivcrruu with this plant, which is almost \- worsts nuisance than the thistle.' ' JCMPIKO TUB PSIKOE OF WiLES (Juitt. — Some exoUoraent was caused Uero yesterday on the arriral of the river 'steamer 'Bmprcss of India with seven miners from Brandy Creek in custody. These were John Sullivan, Henry Oalltsuan, Ignatius O'Kccfe, ,T-m--- O'KesAi, Jrnnea GflV, D^ois O'fccfr, and Tllsmai Cnsoy, wuo wcro oonvictcd ,«t Grow Town oa Tuesday— clbro )r. Uicliar.ison, S.M., and Mr D. Sba«', J.P.— of having, on Friday, clmidrslinely retakeu pu?so&sion; and retaiucd the Prince of .Wales claim offer they I ad been cjVcteil from that claim under tl e prori aiana-of. tho jGaldfields'-lL&iziilaUana; AcL The first-named four were fined £5 each, in default of payment to lie imprisoned and kept to hard labor for tbrer months , the others wore find 13 each, in default two months' hard labor. As tbe defendants eacirnated that they had no goods' or oliiticlsfo distrain upon, Ahn aiiilwrilif*: pad uo alternative but to commit them to ciiol for tlio period named. It is allogod that to imprison miners in this way will prove detrimental to tho interests of the colony, by preventing minors from other colonies coming to Tasmania. Wo cannot quite eec tlic force of the argument in this case. If men, whether miners or more. ordinary mortals, ohoose to defy the law of the land, and persist in doing trhut tho law says must not be dono with impunity, they miiBt tale the rouso guenscs. The Commissioner of Mines ronB uii'd with Bonus of thcfio raon tiimsolfi when, in defiance uf his order to tho contrary, they nonisted in worklnn on tho Prineo of Wales claim. Law and ordor cannot be maintained on any goldfiold if «ny part}- of men upon it are allowed to do!y the owners of claiinsj tha law and Hi administrators. '1'he Public ' Gardens.— We. under-, stand that the public .gardens' will W closed for some time, to allow tho crassi seeds sown to grow without being trodden' doirn, and while the pa'hB pro being formed and re-made. A. number o citizens complain that the gardens have been damaged and not improved by the recent alterations ; while othort assert that if the Municipal Council had never performed any other meritorious act thtm aanctioning the improvements in progress thr-v should be canonised. It is, perhaps, as well to reservo judgment in this maUcr for the present, as it is never safe to give an opinion upon half-done work. Tbahbit of Peikokeeh. — In oonso quence of the free pusses on the railways fur the transit of prisoners to the chief gaols having been discontinued, the old system of escorting by road has been resorted to. A prisoner convicted at Deloraine this week for absconding from hismwteriBervico,andappropriatingsome tools, «m sentenoed to two and nine months' Imprisonment for these offences, and was passed from Deloraine to Exton, thence to Haglor, was next deposited at the Curricle Police Station, and was by tho officer stationod there moved on to Hodspon. the Hadspen constable leaving him at his destination, the Bouse of Cor rection, Launcoston, so that this prisoner passed through tho hands of five custodians of the poace, instead of one, as by tho late system. Tho new one is oortoinly not an improvement. A Slianr Mistakr.— The following will show what a country Btorckecpor has to put tip with, and tho necessity of any nne desirous of foUowin? that occupation being possessed of a good temper. One of the fraternity in a country district adver tised for a youth ss assistant, and out of a number of applicants, solcctod ono whom ho thought suitable, who duly made his appearance at the atom. He turned out to bo very inexporioncod and unused to the business, and ho was sot to grind and mix coffee. The coffoa was cround, and he was shown the chicory tin and told the amount to use ; not knowing the difference he wont U- the next tin, which contained red lead, and used that as a sub stitntc. Fortunately, tho mistake was found out bofore any coffee was sold, or else serious consequences might have hap pened ; as it was the loas of the mixtnrc was the only damago dune. TisuiuriN Diamonds.— Yesterday we were shown a very beautiful parcel of beans, and all artistically cut. There are snven of them. They were sent in the rough to London to be cat. Four of these I'll wire found at tin claims in the Bingarootna rlistrict, tho oilier three in the Straits' Islands. They will be exhibited in one of the windows at Messrs McPhail anj Weymouth's estab lishment (o-day. Vowhteeb Band. —A meeting of volun teer officers mid delegates from thn Si Joseph's Bagd was held at the Town Hsll I buildine», list oveninp, for the purpose of arranging (he formation of a Garrison Band for the Volunteer Force. The chair was occupies by Osplain Harrap, of the Artillery, ani the Captains cf the Bifl* Delaohment rere present, with Surgeon Mason, [lieutenant Bold, and (oar member! of the band After ? lengthy interview, the cervices of 20 men of tlie St. Joseph's Band mre accepted fora period of two years, subject to con ditions to bo fixed thorlly. Tt is expected the bind will bo in military uniform, and ready to march out with tho force in about two months. Pabuimektiev Pipkes Reokivhd — Main Line Railway correspondence : roport Port Arthur Establishment ; des patches and correspondence Hunt case. A BaID AilOKO THE ClKIKE BSBBD. —Yesterday alteraoon, about I o'clock, an amusing scene took place in Charles street. A party of five dog- had been on some thieviog excursion to a butcher's shop. They wero courteously receivod by the proprietor, who tied a tin can to rach dog's tail and then boned them out. They all ran up Charles street onn altor the other as hard as they could, trying all they knew to get rid of thrir jingling appendage', and thus they lie inlsofWtnce of a Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals 1 ANOTHER DEATH FROM DISEASE OF THE HEART.— On Tuesday an inquest was held at the Railway Hotel, West- bury, on the body of Alfred Dawson, found dead opposite the Show Grounds on Monday. Dr. Allnutt, who per- formed a post mortem examination on the body, in his evidence stated that he was of opinion that the immediate cause of death was disease of the heart, and the jury brought in a verdict to that effect. The poor follow had been suffering from paralysis for years, and he leaves a wife and family totally unprovided for. Accidental Death at Scottsdale. An inquesft was held on Saturday Ids' at h« Iurernms Hotel, Scottsdslr, b f re Vr A. W. Brewer, on tho body of f»m s Kelly, aged -ixty-Gvi-, a laborer, who had met his death by fslliue down a well at the baek of the hotel on the 16th inslanl. A verdict of accidentally drowned was returned. Norfolk Plains Election.— Mr A I. Clark is to address tlio eWton of Norfolk Plains at tho Assombly Booms, Longford, at 7 o'clock tliis evening. Blt.ER.trPT INSTATES —A first dividend of threo «hillini!« bo* been declared in thoeilate of Alex. Wilson, of Uvandsle, layahleon the 3l»t ins!; aud a fourth diridend of two ahilliugi in the eitaUs of A. M. Walker, Bivcr Forth, making in all 16s, pnyablo on tho 1st prox. Tmsirv Chtecu. — On Sunday evening next after the usual servicps, the series of loelures wbich are being delivered in the abore church will be proceeded with, when the Ven. Archdeacon Holes will continue his diseourse on 'Tbe origin ol tbe Bible.' Union Bank.— A dm.icnd cf £1 liu, together witli a bonus of 5* per share, was declared et (he racelingorproprielors.hcld in London on the l6rh insi., and share holders registered in Lsuuceston 'will eceive warrasts for their dividends and bonus on application to tho managor. The lvDr/iTaiAL School Gnu*.— The' rirls win absooudod from tbe 'Industrial School, Prince's Square, on Tuesday even ing, were not traced up to a late hour last night. A special meeting of the com mi i tert end governors of tho school is to be held to-day. Mit-o.Nin..*-Tke brethren of St. John's Loilce, 310, ra.ara.roqucsled tomcat et tb-; lodpo room, Cameron street, at'' hol^ Fisii Poaching. -Wo {Tribune) under stand that proceedings have been tokon Bgainat. Messrs . Wlutehouas NBros.. ,/or. fishing with net8atGlonDrolry,in violation uf tho provisions of the Salmon Act. Tho case will ho heard next Friday at tilen~ orchy. A SbewpsCase.— DrTurnloyrcportod at -the ^olieu station on '1 ueaaay-ovening, the TVibune says, that ho was summoned to attend a^woinan at-the-houseora-man iinmed George Muckenzio, in Upper Murray-street On -arrival there ho found tliat a young woman named Emily Mackenzie, and daughterof tho man, bad given birth to.a £tunale child,, whoso. body was found in a bucket of watcrquito dead. Sub-Inspeator Djrsett removed the .re mains to tlio hospital , where, a pott. mortem examination will be held. An inquest will follow in a -few days.. The girl Mackenzie is a lister of the woman now undergoing imprisonmentiocperjuryotm-. nocted with a charge she umtituledagainat tlio Captain of the Bella Aiary about three years since. ClUMiNAL SlTriNCS, BoBAUT TOWN,— The Criminal Hessidns commenced , on Tuesday morning at 11 odock. Tho Chief .J|l!ji°? presided in pie First Court, and three criminal cases we.ro ^ispoa'ed'A — vik., that of William Sharpe, chiirgcil -yrith breaking iuto a ehop and larceny* Prisoner was fuuud guilty on tlio 6rst count of receiving, and-sontonced to two years' imprisonmuit. ? Achargeof ntter- ingaforged requoston Mr James, breivfir, of Hphort Town, .tor the aura of IBs, preferred against Allan M. Willimason. occupied the business of the Court for some little time It would almost appear that the man had a m-nii for uttoriug forged documents, for in 1676 he was transportea for pieienting a forged ordor, vieted and rcoeived heavy eonteuces for the same crime. His Honor, to try tho effect of leniency on the prisoner, passed a sentence of four years only. In the case of subornation of porjury, on which Geere Smith and Robert Corkery were charged, tho details have already appeared in theso columns. The jury, though locked up for six houn, could not agruu as regarded bt,th of the prisoner!, but brought in a verdict of not guilty against Bobert Corkery. He was accordingly discharged, while George Smith was -remanded. A man named John **haw pleaded not guilty to a charge of having caused grievous bodily harm to Thomas Wright, and at the instance of his oounso was remanded till noxt Bossion, bail being allowed His Honor Mr Justice Dobson presided in the Second Court, and the whole of tho day was taken up in hearing tho chargo against - Fraucis Shearan for cauaing the death of Lawrence Fallon, at Poverty Gully, North-West Bay. in November last Some additional evidence was adduced, and notably a statement that was made by prisoner to the effoct that ha had a row with tho deceased, when ho knocked him down, kicked him, and finding that he had killed him, conveyed him to the hole wheroin he wa-i found. The jury retired at tin minutes to 8, and shortly niter 9 o'clock brought in a verdict of man slaughter. The Hobabt Town Society fob the Pbevestion of Cedeltv to Animals. — The first meeting of the committee of this society was held on Monday, at tlie office of Mr J. Mitchell, tho Tribune says. Seven members woro present, and Mr William Gellibrand being voted to the chair, the following resolutions were carried unanimously':— That an inspector be appoiulod to work in connection with the society, under orders of the Committee of Management. Tliat such inspector's ?alary bo £25 (twenty-five pounds) a year. That the Dean, tho itev. H. B. Bromby, bo requested to furnish a full report of his speech at the meeting on Friday last, with a view to its publication, as the com mittee consider its aim and tondoncy of much value. That the best thanks of this society bo given to tho Victorian Society for tho Prevention of Cruelty to Animale, for the readiness with which their rules, reports, and publications liave been furnished. That subscribers be fumiahod with cards of membership, and that it be left to tho hon. secretary and lion, treasurer to arrange the stylo of cord. That placards and posters be printed, intimating tlio formation of the society, and quoting the sections of the Act pro viding for tho punishment of offences ; and that they be circulated in the town and country as far as practicable. D'Ascr Bead's Ghost.— Mr and Mrs D'Arcy Uead have been astoundinr -1 India, and some of theAustratianeo!o-,nlB lately by performing in ghostology, by the use of Mr Head's wondrous spj.tro seopo. The Freeman' i Journal ot tho 4th May last writei :— Mr D'Arcy Bead1! G ho, tat tbe Guild Hall.bas been largely attended during the week. The first part of tbe entertainment consists now of a piece called ' Temptation,' in which many beautiful views and incidents are shown ! some good music is also intro duced into the piece. This is followed by the Phantom Christy Minstrels, which u both amusing and clever. The minstrels are seated on the stage singing various Christy songt, and perpetrating iidc splilting jokrr, when instantaneously they disappear and are replaced by phantoms, who take up the songs aud continue sing ing, to the astonishment and dolight of Ihcandicnce. These again disappear, and much amu-emenl. The ' Haunted House,' the piece in which the principal ghost scene is shown, (till makes the afterpiece. 