. .EAO^jS fljHTjjS. FIR^. Bl' AX OJ-D BC60WAX. . CHAP. VII. The preachers text oil this occasion was,! "That at the name of Jesus every knee should how," and lie illustrated his subject by the following- narrative :—He said, in the early days of Methodism when John Wesley was first driven out of the church, and devoted the whole of hife life and fortune to the good work of carrying the Gospel to the ignorant and debased of his fellow-men by preaching in the public streets and fields, he drew around him a band <jf devotied-and pious men, who bravely sacrificed their brightest prospects, aud cheerfully , abandoned their own comforts in order to assist in the salvation of their fellow-men. One of these worthy men was William Armstrong, a man of considerable property, who devoted him self and all he had to the good work, and for that purpose took Jong journeys through the inland countieB of England. On one of these occasions lie had been preaching in a place where he was a stranger, and being overtaken by darkness on the road was compelled to seek a night's lodgiug at a large house, which he saw at a little distance from the road. After explaining his case, and the business he vas-upon, the old man who was in charge of the house invited,him in, and he was informed that they could only accommodate him with a room which was said to be haunted, and into which neither the old man or his wife would enter after nightfall under any consideration, but his host added, with a sardonic grin, that as he (Armstrong.) was a sort of •'parson he supposed he was not afraid of the devil. Methodist preachers, as a rule, were not very popular in those times, and Armstrong - concluded that this was but a device of the old- man's to scare him away, but being very tired and not seeing any other chance of a refiige for the night, Tie told his unwilling entertainer that all he wanted was a place to sleep, fur which he was willing to pay, and that he would risk any interruption from beings of another world if he could be guaranteed against injury by creatures of the earth. The assurance was given him that 110 one dared to go near that part of the house at jii^ht, aud he was admitted. An hour passed with the old couple convinced them that a Methodist was not such a, strange animal after, iall, iapd, after declining nnv Refreshment, Armstrong was directed to 'hjh room, Where lje found all tliat was neocssurv to his repose for the night. The night being warm and line he sat down at his bedside after partly undressing, aud began to meditate on past events, and form plans for his future proceedings. How long lie was thus occupied he never knew. Suddenly he heard a voice, which seemed to be ut the bottom of the st^rcase^y wiiich he had ascended to his room, calling out, " Armstrong come to supper." He replied: that he .ht«l . already -euppeu, but tlie voice again repeated the call, "Armstrong, come to supper." At'the second summons, moved by curiositv, he arose a .id went down stairs,'when, lo! the hall which he had previously seen in a state of semidarkness he crossed it to go to Ills room with a candle in his hand, was now blazin"- with lights in every part, the family trophies of war anil the chase, showed in bold relief on the walls, the richly-moulded ceiling reflector] back the light from the sparkling chandeliers, wnd in the ©outre of the hall was a large table covered with a splendid repast, consisting of all the delicacies of the season, flanked with the amber and rosy wines in richly-cut decanters of crystal, »ii<i round the t;|]j|e wejo Heated ladies and geutk-nien, attired in costly raiment, and debated with jewels" which J 1 iumenrpd l.n enormous . value. ' Vni Tho appeared man of simple to be tastes of enormous and moderate value. habits Tho found himself altogether out of liis element, aud, looking at his well worn garments, which were- somewhat disarranged by being hastily donned, he contemplated a sudden retreat, but two of the company rose, and, with great politeness, conducted him to a seat at the table. In their progress across the room the guest saw with amazement, not un» mixed with hqrror, that his entertainers had Cloven feet, and looking at the pedal ex tremities of others of the company he found that they, too, had the same pceularities. He was for some time so overcome with surprise that he forgot to make liis intended excuses, and found himself taking his plate at the head of the table before he could utter a word. Then it flashed across his mind that this was a snare of the enemy; that tetanic influence was at work, and that if he ate or drank in that company lie was a lost man. He inwardly resolved to have 110 fellowship with devils, and put np a silent prayer for help. His guests now invited him to partake of wine and to begin his repast, but lie explained that he never partook of food without first asking a blessing on what he was about to take. This statement was met by loud laughter, jeers, and scoffs, and it suddenly occurred to him that lie could not ask for a blessing on such unhallowed fare. He therefore rose from his seat, and in <*v loud voice repeated the first verse of one of Wesley's hymns, beginning, "JOSIM, Hie name high over all." When he came to the fourth line, "And devils fear and fly," the scene suddenly.changed, the tables disappeared with a crash like thunder, the company fled with yells and screams of despair, and * Armstrong found himself on the floor at the side of his bed, while the dilapidated shutters 011 his window were flapping violently with the force of the wind, which vans now howling through the trees, and wldstling and bellowingjby tflpsfinnihej§hm|fieyrV fijfgefcfKe moraf deduced froii ti|e srorV, bat the di t matic effect oftlie felirlon my own wind) shall never forget. The impression it produced bumy imagination waslike that of-« melodrama—exciting at the time, but very fleeting in its effect. It was soon classed with the -other weird stories of ghosts and goblins, with which the fancy delights to|oy, while the judgment declines to receive them. The effect, however, on some of the boys was anything but beneficial, as many of them were afraid to venture out in the dark for some time afterwards, and Mr. Spenser, Tcontrary to hi? usual gussom, jtook occasion,to denounce sucli fables as only fit to be compared with such literature as Jack and the Beanstalk. Shortly after this my father, who had from the penod of my mother's death, gone through life in a listless, hopeless sort -of fashion, became very ill, and I had to return home, I parted from my friend and mentor with much regret, aud have never seen his kindly fcjee again, except in the.mental visions which have been . my solace and delight in many lands, aud through many changing years. He accompanied me to the mail coach by which I was about to travel, and at parting expressed his hope that my future career would be a useful aud brilliant one. Alas! he would probably be disappoiuted if he could see me now, sitting on an inverted bucket at the camp fire, writing these lines with a blunt pencil by the flickering light of the mallee logs ; my companions a drunken shepherd, with scarcely more intellect than one of the horses, whose hobbles I can hear clinking in the distance, and a besotted driver of those horses, whose only accomplishment beyond that of his fellows is the facility with which he invents and combines in endless variety oaths and imprecations, which if in any way effective would be strong enough to wrap the world in one universal -conflagration, and hasten the general doom. I know not whether the dear old friend of my youth is still alive, as shortly after I left the school lie, too, removed to another part of the country, but should he by any chauce meet with these sketches he will recognize the name of his favorite pupil, and if he has gone to that better world, of which we hear so much and know so little, he will be rejoiced to know that the love of the pure and beautiful which 1K» endeavored to foster in that pupil's mintl has still survived amidst scenes aud associations which are pre-eminently of the earth earthy. And now the scene is changed. A young lad is sitting by the bedside of hisdyingfather. The last tie which is left ofthftt home and family life, wiiich was once so happy, is loosening, and soon will be cast off forever. That father, who was in the days of childhood his favorite playmate, aud who had been all through his life to him the, embpdhuent of all that was wise, yet iievfc iiarehi»r jimappr<)achaftle<' lay struggling in vain in tho cold grasp of dentil, while Uo ( ou whom had been lavished a whole life of love and kindness, could do nothing to alleviate the pain which seemed to tear his beloved father's nerves asunder. 0 what a bitter night was this: arid presently came a time" of comparative ease to the sufferer, which was equally hitter, for this was known to be only the prelude to npiii'Guohing death. Gently the dying man sought to prepare the boy for his coining loss. He told him that all he had been able to do for him was to give him the means of education, and to make arrangements for his being articled to a friend of his who had once been associated with him ill tho profession of a civil engineer. Huving relinquished that profession, and i farmer's life for many years, he « farmer* h re tx.r many years, had not seen his friend for some tune, but before his lust illness n liW le all the necessary arrangements by letter, and had been able to make a scanty provision for his son during the time he would be studying liis profession. Beyond this he had been able to do nothing, as his property had all gone from him except a small annuity, which would cease at his death, so that in the future the hid would have to trust to his own resources.—(To be continued.) 