THE Governor has, certainly, a very fine faculty for puting himse in the wrong, and, for making his acts those of a hasty and petulant politician than of a dignified \- representative- of ..her. Majesty. ,J On Wednesday the, public was .somewhat taken py snrjiriad to fihdsome more 7 despatches in -time- they - had- salary and the great cost of the new Govern ment-house. It appears that £lO,OOO a year are; not sufficient, tp, i satisfy L . the wants, and that as far back as October, 1876, .he i a full account of his grievances to /the: Colonial 1 He received a reply from: Lord Carnarvon, in*which-.he was referred to the; localfrParliament,,- l and,.ia v which, it was mildly intimated 1 that /the salary ‘was ‘ c con siderable in amount." The matter appears then toihavdheen dropped for a long time, for ;np other despatches are given until one dated’ ,10th March, 1878,’in which ! we find-that his ■ ExceUencyis suddenly moved to reply.to a ,com munication received some-eighteen months previously, v - This ■ despatch ; states -that, the Ministry' 'did' riot’ propose ; any ;and thought that it would not be right to do?sb ; during a time of political excitement ; but he also, with the usual badx taste, goes on to say ■ that no objection had; been’made save by one person, and in'consequence of the message for payment of members having been,sent down. The despatch ends by his Excellency declaring that he will not .receive any increase of salary during ‘the ‘remainder of his term of 'office/. Naturally,’ the.question; arises, why are, these des[^i^^'.in^e-pablicat this particular time? The answer appears.to be,'that, there is a debire to show that the. Governor had no promises of ah increase from the Ministry^,ahd.to display! his own virtue, in rejecting beforehand what was hot, in the leasts’' likely .’.tp'.'.be.|',.offerod; i His Excellency, we. notice, does’ not inform the Colonial that; a . sum of £lOOO appears, on the Estimates for gas,' fuel, and ' water for ’ 'Government and, grounds,, and a sum of £7750 for buildings and repairs) fittings and furniture, in the .Government-house Domain, a portion of which’ ought, certainly, to' be paid out of his Excellency’s salary. We notice, also, another very extraordinary fact, and, one which seems to have, . very peculiar significance. This last exculpatory despatch is not a month j bid, and 1 cannot have been sent home and acknowledged. Yet, when the memorandum of the Ministry was asked for, though it was not addressed to the Colonial Office, but ; to the Governor,-'he declared that despatches could not be produced' whose receipt had not been acknowledged by that office. What are we to make of such contradictions as these ? ' Is it not plain that the Governor acted towards the Council accord ing to a rule which.he, deafly, does not con sider binding on himself, and that this last despatch is a sort of ex post facto, affair, framed expressly to meet a particular view of the relations of his Excellency to his Ministry. In short, it is clearly a special plea got up to make- the quite inexpensive virtues of the Governor shine forth to the world, and is what Sir John O’Shanassy would call a “gilded device to cover ulterior designs.” But,'the most extraordinary part- of the business is, that a despatch not a month old is made public in order to serve the Governor’s views, when a memorandum to the Governor, himself was refused to the Council until its ’receipt; by the Colonial Office had been acknowledged, and a reply received. The reply did not serve the ends of those who sent, the memorandum, but their aim' was, evidently, to keep the Council in the' dark until it was - too late to act, and this is what the Governor is pleased to call neutrality. With Sir George Bowen’s complaints no one, we are sure, will sympathise. He is the highest paid governor in the Austral asian colonies, he,is not the most.hospitable or most charitable, and if he cannot live on £lO,OOO and extras, all we ' can say is, that he ought to be able to do so. No doubt, an act of sheer . folly has been committed in building such a structure as the Government-house, but £lO,OOO a year and extras ought ' to be enough to keep that up, especially when the hospitalities are not very extravagant) ,and the entertainments by no means frequent. What can be done on much smaller salaries in New South Wales, South Australia, and elsewhere, ought to be done here for the larger amount, and if Sir'George Bowen cannot see:-his way, we can only say that we are sorry.. for him. The complaints made do not appear to us to have any justification, for the salary, “con siderable as it is ” even in Lord Carnarvon’s eyes, ought to be ample for all the gubernatorial expenditure. The . publication of f ’these • de spatches at the present time is in the worst taste,’the tone of the last is anything but dignified, whilst the flagrant violation of the Governor’s own “reasonable rule” is; but another proof of the very curious idea which he has of what he calls neutrality. The mention made in the City Council of the necessity of greater’attention to tree-guarding was not uncalled-for. They may manage these things better or worse in Sandhurst than ’ we do, but there is room for improvement hero, much as the authorities have done, and laud ably done, for the embellishment of the city with leafy beauty. We wish to avoid the suspicion of captiousness in this respect, for wo have fought all along for the improvements done, and for some not yet accomplished, and any criticisms .or 1 ifault-flndings now are aimed at the same end, the making Bal larat still more thoroughly the most beautiful and salubrious city in Victoria. No city here can equal its arboriferous adornments at ! present, and because- the two councils have done so much good in that way, we desire to see' them .pursuing the. work not ;only with; unflagging zeal, but qyen with increased atten tion to details; - Hence ' our-' appreciation of the - remarks --made ,dn-- the;. City Council on ! Monday, relative to the need of more care in guarding young trees, and of more attention indraining the eccentric ones ,to more regular growth. * We believe’ this is-now seen by the look to have. the thing carried out properly now the 'need'is'recognised. Guards are as' necessary, too, inside the Sturt street enclosures, as outside, as ithe)struggling Wue-gum planted some, time ago to replace the dead' one' between Lyons and lUglan streets.; ...Tp plant there or any-,- where. is simply wasted-money and labor. all thei care, the idiots of mischief will dp damage, and; if: is ; idiocy of i,;anbtherysbrt;t6? , expect safety without precautions? ’There are’ porhe; odd phenomena in connection,with treeTplant-- ing?, ; Now and them it seems! asifntrees will not thrive in certain plafees.” 1 We have/seen blue-gums planted .oyer; r and, oyer;,agaih: in some places in, the streets,- and they me .’very persistently. )ArefheyhU' ? mck^ ,planted)/or aU !;heglected,''Or is there some specialty in the” adyerseltp; growth ?, Jihe a Adelphi hotel which ■.7. neyer i /;,;gro,ws, ,/jbuh. ‘opposite Is' ) fed with gin and water ? we see a blue-gum smothered ( with.''bligh't of some sort, whilst all around is vivid verdant life and health;, jiThe learned ! iff itree-growth may understand it, but.can'theyssay. why the line, of beauty in anfayenue' marred by allowing one of tiiose “ scrubbers ” to remain, instead ofcplantirig. amew.ohe'L Perhaps the most conspicuous thing in all the, City Coun cil’s tree-planting exploits, is,the Creswick Ydad""essay,-asadr'and- sorrowfalfailura,,very. 'Atting, in a;grotesque sense, as a dismal way of vappxoach tp the Old Cemetery. Certain horti cultural doctors pines; They- . advised'“_pine; .planting, _not knowing, as we charitably infer, whether the prescribed sorts, would .grow ; or not, and the Creswick road plantation is one result. Some thing should Jbe done tdTmend that shocking iidouble line ofLscafemdws; A although they do stand as ,ghastly objects along the road, that leads itoy the., city, of -the dead.' Therff is ; a , chance of "making"' a splendid' either with blue-gums ; 'or the 1 pinm insignis, which 1 really will grow here,- or elms,- or.limes, , Pr oaks, anything but'the wretched things which "are there 7 hdw, and look. like ghosts upon whom the chill touch', of, daybreak: has come,, whilst they, worse off’than other ghosts, caiinot hide themselves from the gazeToffunad ‘miring spectators.’ Let- anybody, compare the Creswick...;;ro.ad .-.entrance-.t0,, Ballarat .with, the Melbourne road-one, .and"'the sig-" nificance of v ._ pur ' remarks " will be ob vious. The 'Eastern Council has 7 planted the Melbdurne'Toad; from hear- Humffray street to i the railway arch,• •beyond the Orphan Asy lum, whole line is ; matured.r'thefe vvill be : near two;'mile3 of avenue, made lip mostly of blue-gums', that healthfullest, of ~aUl Tt rees. It‘ will be—is in part already—anoble entrance ! ,to u a city,' and' ‘the City-Council may well try and,dp a similar thing for the Creswick 7 road, something as ■grand, after its way, as the splendid perspec tive presented by the mile avenue in Sturt street,' for*which we now; and .’afcall times;-offer, ; ■to, the City,Council our hearty thanks on behalf* of aU that is beautiful and healthful; •' ■’ 