KEUGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. Consecration of St. Peter's Cathedral J;or tne past eignieen monms services nave been held in the fine Cathedral Church of St. Peter, which the Anglican Communion in this but tne building was not consecrated until new Year's Day, the Feast of the Circumcision, when this imposing ceremony was performed. The edifice was planned by the well-known archi tect, Mr. Wm. Butterfield, but the original design has been considerably modified by Mr. E. J. Woods, of this city. The part now erected comprises the chancel, lantern-tower, transepts, and the first bay of the nave, and these have cost over £18,000. The furniture, such as altar table and appointments, lectern, gas standards, alms-bowl, &c;, with several beautiful stained glass windows, have been contributed as voluntary offerings. A fine organ has been placed in the north transept, at an expense of about £1,400, principally collected by Churchwomen of the diocese. The children of the various Sunday-schools have also done their part by subscribing for the font, which is to be procured from England. 'What still remains to be built consists of the remain ing bays of the nave, the arch, a lofty tower on each side of the main entrance, and a plat form and steps. This will require a sum of about £12,000. But in what has been erected the Anglican Communion have a noble mother Church, and the venerable Bishop of the diocese may fairly be congratulated upon the achievement of plans laid in train by him, as he himself has said, soon after his assuming the episcopate, more than 30 years ago. Services preliminary to the consecration of St. Peter's Cathedral were held on Sun day morning, December 30, when the full choral service was held. There was but a small congregation, including the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat. The prayers were in toaed and the lessons read by the Bishop's Vicar, the Eev. Dr. Dendy. The Te Deum and Jubi late, which were by Berthold Tours in F, and hymns 59, 60, and 61, as well as the other musical portions of the service, were most excellently sung by the choir, whose attention to expression and modulation are deserving of the highest praise. Much credit should also be given to the organist, Mr. A. Boult, for his masterly handling of the instrument. The sermon was delivered by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, from John, xxi., 18 — 'When thou wast young, thou girdest thyself, walkest whither thou would'st; but when thou shalt be old, thou shalt stretch forth thy hand and another shall gird thee, and carry thee whither thou wouldest not.' At 7 o'clock full choral evensong was given. There was a large congregation. The servica was sung by Dr. Dendy, and the lessons were read by the Bishops of Ballarat and Melbourne. Hymns Nos. 61, 60, and 28. Sir John Gors's Mag nificat and Nnnc Dimittis in A (anison), and the anthem 'Sing a Song of Praise' (Dr. Stainer) were rendered by the choir in equally as satisfactory a manner as their morning numbers. The sermon was preached by the Eev. F. Hocter, of Gambierton, from Matthew, xi., 23 — ' Come unto me all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.' By the time appointed for the service'of conse cration on New Year's Day the building was filled to overflowing by a congregation which must have numbered 800 persons. The interior of the cathedral, aided by such an assemblage, presented a striking appearance. The altar had been appropriately decorated with white flowers ; and a background of crimson cloth, bound with deep maroon velvet and extend ing for a considerable height up the eastern wall served for a temporary reredos, and gave a warmth of colouring to the chancel. Filling the northern transept, and with the richiy-ornamanted front in view, is the organ. From immediately outside the altar rails to the southern door of the edifice seats had been placed, and all of these were occupied. At 10 o'clock the proceedings began. The Bishops, their Lordships of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Ballarat, robed in the Bishop's vestry within the Cathedral, the Dean and Chapter used their own vestry, the clergy were provided with a temporary robing-room outside the western door, and tfi'e choir were accommodated in the ordinary vestry. A procession comprising a choir of thirty men and boys in surplices and cassocks and the following Diocesan clergy was formed on the west side of the Cathedral :— The Eevs. A. Dendy, D.D. (Bishop's Vicar), F. S. Poole, MA., J. Pollitt, E. Eeid, W. B. Andrews, F. Williams, MA., W. H, Sharp, M.A., J. C. Haynes, Pro fessor Eead, M.A., T. Field, M.A., S. Green, 0\. W. Morse, B.A., H. M. Pollitt, F. Hocter, B.A., E. T. Howell, M.A., A. Sells, M.A., C. W. Hawkins, E. Jenkins, E. K. Miller, J. Houghton, A. Honner, H. Williams, J. M Donaldson, F. W. Marshall, J. Bach, H. Howitt, and W. H. Mudie (priests), and Fred. T. Whitington and W. J. Bussell (deacons). They proceeded to the main entrance, through which they passed into the building, singing the processional hymn 'Brightly gleams our banner,' S90 of the A. and M. Hymnal. The choir took their places in the organ transept, the clergy advancing to the seats set apart for them op the lower gradual of the sanctuary. The Dean (the Very Eev. A. Russell), and the Archdeacon (the Ven. C. Marryat MA.,), of Adelaide had already taken their positions within the altar rails, and on the Egistle side of the altar the other capitular clergy, the Ven. G. Dove, MA., Archdeacon of Flinders, the Eev. Canon Farr, M.A., and the Eev. Canon Coombs also occupied seats assigned to them. The whole body of clergy and choir having taken their places, the Bishops advanced from their vestry, the pastoral staff of His Lordship of Adelaide being carried by the Eev. W. J. Bussell, the youngest deacon in the diocese. The episcopal chairs were placed on the Epistle side of the altar-table. At the conclusion of the hymn the Bishop of Adelaide advanced to the centre of the upper gradual of the Sanctuary, the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat standing on his right and left hand respectively, and read the first verse of the 24th Psalm, the clergy and choir chanting the remaining verses. The Registrar of the Diocese (Mr. H. S. Anthony) and the Bishop's Vicar (Eev. A. Dendy, D.D.) then advanced, and the Registrar presented to the Bishop of Adelaide, seated in his episcopal chair, the legal documents connected with the Cathedral, saying: — 'My Lord Bishop — These are the conveyance and deeds of trusts of this building.' The Bishop then proceeded to the altar-table, and, kneeling down, laid the deeds upon it. Then, turning to the congrega tion, His Lordship began the office of consecra tion, compiled from the ecclesiastical law books as follows: — 'Dearly beloved in the Lord: forasmuch as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit or by the express command of God, or by their own reason and sense of the natural decency of things, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility in his service ; which pious works have been approved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father: Let us not doubt but that He will also favour ably approve our godly purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious worship, and let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking, and say :'-'then, all having knelt down, the Bishop offered the following prayer : — 'O Eternal God, mighty in power, and of majesty incomprehensible, Whom the Heaven of Heavens cannot contain, much less the walk of temple3 made with hands, and Who yet hast been graciously pleased to pro mise Thy especial presence in whatever place even two or three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Thy Name to offer up their praises and supplications unto Thee ; vouchsafe, O Lord, to be present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and readi ness of heart, to consecrate this place to the honour of Thy great Name, separating it from henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it to Thy service for reading Thy Holy Word, for celebrating Thy holy sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of prayer and thanks giving, for blessing Thy people in Thy name, and for the performance of all other holy ordi nances. Accept, O Lord, this service at our hands, and bless it with such success as may tend most to Thy glory and the furtherance of our happiness, both temporal and spiritual, through Jesus Christ, our blessed Lord and Saviour. Amen.' Next followed separate prayers for the blessing of God upon the administration of the Sacra ments, the reading and preaching of the Holy Word, and the offering up of praise and prayer in the Cathedral. Then the Bishop having received tbe sentence of consecration from the Registrar handed it to the Dean, who read as follows : — 'In the name of God, Amen: Whereas by the voluntary gifts and offerings of divers members of the Church of England and others, as well as of the Society for Promoting Christian Know ledge, this building has been erected as part of the Cathedral Church of the Diocese_ of Adelaide, and furnished for divine service : Now we Augustus, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, do by our ordinary and by epis copal authority consecrate ii to the worship of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, to be celebrated according to the doctrine', formularies, rites, and ceremonies of the Church of England in Australia and Tas mania ; and we do hereby dedicate it as the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, in the City of Adelaide, separating it from all profane and common uses. Signed and published in the Cathedral Church of St. Peter, Adelaide, this 1st day of January, in the year AJ). 1878, and in the 31st of our consecration. — A. Adelaide. Entered.— H. S. Anthony, Eegistrar Diocese of Adelaide.' The Bishop, taking the parchment from the Dean, returned it to the Registrar, saying, ' Let this be preserved among the documents of the diocese,' to which the Eegistrar replied, 'It 6hall be done, my Lord.' Hymn 215, 'The Church is one foundation,' was next sung, after which the Bishop's Vicar began to intone the usual office for matins. Special Psalms 84, 122, and 132 were given to one double and two single chants from the Westminster Psalter, and Tallis's Festival Responses were used. The First Lesson, I. Kings, vjii. 22-62, was read by Arch deacon Dove, and the Second Lesson, Hebrews x. 19-25, by Canon Farr. In addition to the proper collects, a special one, having reference to the ceremony, was added. After the third collect the anthem *| I will give thanks' (Barnby) was finely rendered by the choir. It. may saf ely'be said that such an interpretation of the more elaborate Anglican music has never before been heard in the colony. Berthold Tours Te Deum in F was also a grand hymn of praise. Con sidering tbe comparatively short time that it has been in training, the Cathedral choir re flects the greatest credit upon the organist and master. The splendid new organ, which is a decided success, doubtless added considerably to the effect of the choir's performances. The office for holy communion, full choral, was next begun by the Bishop of Adelaide. In place of the Collect for the Queen a special dedication one was substituted. The Epistle, Ephes. ii. 13, was read by the Archdeacon of Adelaide, and the GospeL St John, ii. 13-18, by Canon Coombs. The Nicene Creed was followed by the New Year's Hymn, 74: — ' Father let me dedicate All this year to Thee.' The sermon was preached by the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, from the text Isaiah vi. 3. ' And one cried unto another and said, Holy, holy, holy, is the Lord of Hosts : the whole earth is full of His glory.' His Lordship, by his powerful oratory and the ability displayed in dealing with his subject, created a profound impression upon the large congre gation. The offertory was then made, the Dean reading the sentences, which weie afterwards sung by the choir. The alms of the Bishops and the clergy were collected by the Deacons, the Eevs. F. T. Whitington and W. J. liussell. The Bishop's Vicar received the alms-bags in the handsome alms-bowl, and then handed it to the Bishop, who presented the offerings upon the altar. The amount of the offertory was £40 12s. After the Prayer for the Church Militant the bulk of the assembly withdrew. Another special prayer was next said. The exhortation was read by the Dean, and the General Confes sion was begun by Archdeacon Dove, the Chapter's Vicar. The Bishop of Ade laide pronounced the absolution. The Bishop having partaken and administered to the other Bishops and the capitular clergy, assisted by the Dean, proceeded to distribute the elements upon the Gospel side, the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat taking the Epistle side of the Altar-table. Besides the clergy and choir, 110 of the laity communicated. Ihiring the celebration organ voluntaries were played, and the choir sang the Communion Hymn 313 — 'Draw nigh and take the body of the Lord,' the couplets forming the several verses being rendered as the communicants advanced in groups to the altar rails. The post communion prayer3 having been said by the Bishop,, the ' Gloria in Excelsis' was admirably sung by the choir. A special prayer for unity was next said. His Lordship then pronounced the Benediction, and the proceedings were brought to a close by Hymn 242, ' We love the place, O Lord,' being given as the recessional. The entire ceremony was carried out with all its details in complete order and must have been very gratifying Wthe English Church people of the colony. The ordinary evensong service was intoned at 7.30 p.m. by Dr. Dendy, but no sermon was preached. The special services m connection' with the dedication of this Cathedral were con tinued on Thursday evening, January 3, when full choral service was held, and a most eloquent sermon was preached by the Lord Bishop of Ballarat. There was a large congregation. The order for evening prayer was intoned by the Eev. Dr. Dendy, and the lessons were read by the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat and the Rev. Canon Farr. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne occupied a seat in the chancel. The services in connection with the opening of the Cathedral were continued on Friday evening, January 4, when full choral evensong service was held. The Venerable Archdeacon Dove intoned the prayers, and the first and second lessons were read respectively by the Eev. Dr. Dendy and the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide. The Eight Eev. the Bishop of Adelaide took his usual part in the service. An impressive sermon was preached by the Eev. E. T. Howell, M.A., from Acts, 2nd chapter and 46th verse — 'And they, continuing daily witk.- one accord in the Temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart.' The substance of the dis course was a comparison between the Temple at Jerusalem and the edifice in which the congre gation were assembled. There was not a large attendance. The services on the Feast of Epiphany brought the consecration festival in con nection with this Cathedral to a close. Holy Communion was celebrated at 8 a.m., and Matins' and Litany were said at 10.30, a large congregation attending. The service was intoned by Dr. Dendy, the first and second lessons being respectively read by their Lord ships the Bishops of Ballarat and Melbourne. His Lordship the Bishop of Ballarat preached a very eloquent and appropriate sermon from the text ' God manifest in the flesh.' In the afternoon a special service for children was held at the Cathedral. There were about a thousand persons present, the audience con sisting chiefly of Sunday-school children from the following schools :— Christ Church, St. Paul's, Trinity, St. John's, St. Peter's (Glenelg), St. Bartholomew's (Norwood), St. Matthews's (Kensington), All Saints' (Hindmarsh), and St. George's (Magill), in addition to which the Orphan Home was represented by about thirty children. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne delivered a short address to the children. The Annual Wesleyan Confebence. Fntsr Day: Tuesday, January 22. The annual session of the South Australian Wesleyan Conference was opened on Tuesday night, January 22, at the Pirie-street Lecture Hall. There was a large attendance of the laity as well as of the members of the Con ference. The chair was occupied by the retiring President, the Eev. S. Knight, who, after a ballot had been taken for the election of a Presi dent for the ensuing year, resigned it in favour of the Rev. T. Lloyd, who was elected by a large majority of votes. The Eev. J. B. Stephensou was elected Secretary to the Con ference, and the Revs. J. Y. Simpson and S. T. Withington Assistant Secretaries. The Rev. H. T. Burgess was also elected Letter-writer. A vote of thanks to the retiring President was moved by the Eev. TV. P. Wells and carried by acclamation. Mr. Knight, in reply, made an eloquent and impressive speech, in the course of which he made a humorous allusion to the charge of schism which was made against Dis senters generally by the Bishop of Melbourne. Thanks were accorded to the Eev. 0. H. Goldsmith for his services as Secretary during the year, and sympathy was expressed with the Eev. Mr. TTflaTnrri in Qis painful Ulne3S. The following is the list of Stations recom mended by the Stationing Committee. 1\. Southern District. — Adelaide (Pirie-street), Samuel Knight, Eobert S. Casely (Gilbert street), candidate ; Glenelg, Jabez B. Stephen son; Adelaide (Archer-street), Charles Lane, Rana Mack (Brompton), James Bickford, super numerary ; Adelaide (Kent Town and Norwood), supply, D. O'Donnell, H. H. Teague, Thomas Baston, supernumerary ; Port Adelaide, James Haslam ; Gumeracha, 'William T. Carter; 'Wil- lunga, George W. Patchell, M.A.; Clarendon, George Lee; Mount Barker, James Allen; Strathalbyn, Benjamin G. Edwards ; Yankalilla, Robert Kelly; Mount Gambier, Albert Stubbs ; Narracoorte, one requested ; Goolwa, Thomas C. Laurence ; Port Lincoln, candidate ; Palmerston, John D. Langsford. 2\. Middle District.— Gawler, James Y. Simpaon; Templers and Freeling, Thomas M. Rows ; Kapunda, Henry T. Burgess ; Angaston, John Gillingham ; , Kooringa, Robert W. Campbell ; Clare, Charles T. Newman ; Auburn, Charles H. Goldsmith, candidate. 3\. Northern District.— Melrose, Thomas E. Thomas, BA, candidate; Blinman, one re quested ; Brougbton, John H. Trevorrow ; Port Pirie, Thomas Edmeades ; Jamestown, Paul O. Thomas; Laura, Johnson James; Yarcowie, candidate; Port Augusta, William A. Langs ford. 4\. Yorke's Peninsula District. — Moonta,Thos. Lloyd, Joseph Nicholson ; Kadina and Wallaroo, Samuel T. Withington, Samuel F. Prior; Port Wakefield, Archibald J. Bogfc; Yorketown, candidate ; Minlaton, Walter H. Han ton; Mail land, James Read. 5\. Western Australia District— Perth, Wm. Traylen ; York, Wm. Lowe ; Geraldton, Wm. S. Worth ; Albany, one urgently requested. N.B.— William P. Wells has been transferred to Victoria by the General Conference. Second Day— Wednesday, January 23. Notices of motion were given by Mr. Stubbs as follows : — ' 1. That a Committee, consisting of the President, ex-President, Secretary, and the mover, be appointed to consider certain ques tions in relation to baptisms, burials, and mar riages. 2. That for the future the election of the Circuit Stewards shall take place at the September Quarterly Meeting.' It was resolved to send a telegram to the Victorian Conference requesting them to men tion the exchange for Mr. Wells that day. The usual routine business was then entered upon. All the ministers on trial were continued on probation, none of them having travelled four years. The cases of those in the Northern District were postponed until the arrival of the Chairman of that District, who was detained by illness. Messrs. S. S. Mon crieff, who is in charge of the Broughton Circuit ; J. Watts, who is engaged at Unley ; T. W. Martin, employed at Moonta; and J. Mills, a candidate from Clare, were received on trial. The questions relating to exchange with other Conferences were postponed until the receipt of further information. It was resolved that the request of the Rev. J. Bickford, at present in England, to be con tinued as a supernumerary for another year be acceded to. A letter was read from him, in which he expressed his intention of leaving England about June or July next, and desired that his name should stand in connec tion with the Archer-street Circuit. It was agreed that the Rev. Hans Mack should be again employed in the regular werk. The reply to the question — ' 'What ministers have died since the last Conference?' was ' none,' and the President referred in appro priate terms to the cause there was for thank fulness, that while several cases of affliction had occurred through accidents and from other causes, the lives of all the ministers had been spared It was announced that the Rev. W. H. Rofe, of Moonta, had resigned during the year. Hw letter of resignation was read, and it was re solved that it be accepted. The remainder of the session was occupied in considering the appointments for next year. Wesleyan Home Mission. The annual meeting in connection with the above Mission was held in the Pirie- street Lecture Hall on Thursday evening, January 24, there being a moderate attendance. The Bev. T. Lloyd (the President oi the South Australian Wesleyan Conference) occupied the chair, and on the platform were 15 or 16 representatives »f the various circuits. For non-attendance apolo gies were received from the Revs. W. P. Wells and T. Edmeades. The Sechetaey (Rev. H. T. Burgess) read the annual report, of which the following is a precis : — 'The Committee thankfully report that the income of this Society for 1877 amounted to £1,095, being an increase of £75 as compared with the previous year. The increase would have been larger had the interest manifested by some circuits been universal, and it is again necessary to draw attention to the important work which this Society is accomplishing, that its claims may be duly estimated and its appeal receive a general response. Owing to the insufficiency of the funds at its disposal the Committee was unable to meet all the claims which were presented; but to a number of the most pressing cases substantial assistance was afforded. In distributing the fund between the several districts care has been taken to apportion the amounts voted to them according to their several necessities, as shown by the circuit balance- sheets; and while duly regarding the circumstances of needy and dependent circuits, special attention has been paid to those which, being newly established, are engaged in the work of Church extension. In the more scattered and lately-formed circuits the work .progresses with varying but on the whole encouraging success. In Port Lincoln the congregations are good and the labours of the minister much appreciated ; but from the smallness of the scattered population there is no prospect of its becoming selfsup porting at present, and the manifest results are smaller than was at one time anticipated. The Chairman of the Northern District says there can be no doubt that though divided it is territorially sufficiently large, and i3 already giving pleasing signs of vitality. Seven new churches have lately been erected, and other good substantial buildings are in course of erection. The circuits have for the most part become self-supporting. The Chairman has a roving commission to visit and preach in the Hundreds of Wongyarra, Willowie, Gregory, Willochra, Pinda, Booleroo, and Appila. He is of opinion that our prospects in the areas are very promising, and thinks that with further assistance several new and important places might be taken up at once. From various parts surrounding his own circuit, Appila, Coomeroo, Yapoona, Pichirichi, and Port Augusta, the old heart-stirring ;ry is heard — 'Come over and help us.' The Broughton Circuit covers an extensive area of 30 miles sauare, containing, it is estimated, 600 to 700 Protestant inhabitants. Of these 350 to 400 attend our services. There are 60 Church members and 223 Sabbath scholars. At Redhill a new church, costing nearly £900, has recently been erected; all the sittings are let, and the congregation is satisfactory. Port Pirie report* an increase of 17 members during the year. Commodious churches have been erected at the Port and Crystal Brook. The finances of the circuit are steadily improving, and it expects to be prepared to receive a minister in full connection at the proper time. In the compact circuit of Laura there is similar progress. The income is now in excess of the expenditure. The church at Glad stone has already proved inadequate for the requirements of the congregation, and a new church will have to be built. The minister deplores the unwillingness of the young men around him to aid in Church work, most of his co-workers being those who have removed from southern circuits. Yarcowie, which is a new circuit this year, has from the first been self supporting. During the year two churches have been built ; there are six other preaching-places, 30 members, and 134 Sabbath scholars. During the last three years our work in the agricultural settlements on Yorke's Peninsula has rapidly extended. The name of the Troubridge Circuit has been changed to Yorketown, and two new . circuits, Maitland and Minlaton, have been established. Yorketown has six churches, two [other preaching-places, eight local preachers, 99 members, 260 Sabbath scholars, and 565 attendants on public worship The circuit income for the year exceeds the expenditure, and for various .purposes about £430 has been raised during the year. The minister regards it as being in a good posi tion both financially and spiritually, and the prospects are very encouraging. Although Mait land has been settled only three years, it already provides for a married minister. An elegant church has been built at Maitland, costing over £1,000 ; and good churches are being built at Ardrossan and Port Victoria. Besides these there are several other temporary buildings and preaching-places. The circuit covers 27 square miles, and involves much travelling; but the means provided are generally much appreciated. There are five local preachers, 50 members, and 140 Sabbath scholars. In the Minlaton Circuit a considerable amount of pioneer work has been done. Part of a future parsonage has been built. An excel lent church has been opened at Stansbury, two others are in course of erection, and forty-five members have been gathered into Church fellow ship. Tbe work widens as it grows. Our success increases our responsibility. The spirit of enterprise awakened, and the general prospe rity which prevails in the colony, ought to inspire and stimulate the Church. There never was a more favourable opportunity for wisely directed religious energy. That it may not be lost every individual as well as every circuit throughout the Connexion must feel the impor tance of the connexional bond, and do his part towards providing the requisite means for further progress.' The Revs. Johnson Jame3 (of Yorketown), Thomas (of Port Pirie), Patchell (of Wil lunga), and Peyoe then gave interesting addresses regarding the work that is being accomplished in the various circuits. The addresses were listened to very attentively, and the speakers, who all spoke in an encouraging tone, were repeatedly applauded. The Rev. S. Knight also addressed the meeting. The proceedings closed with the benediction. Church of England Tehperakce Society. A public meeting was held at the Town Hall on Monday evening to form a Diocesan Temperance Society. About 600 persons were present. The Bishop of Adelaide presided, and the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, as well as several of the clergy, occupied seats on the platform. After prayer a hymn was sung, lea by some of the choristers of St. Peter's Cathedral, Mr. A. Boult playing the organ. The Chairman having opened the pro ceedings, The Dean of Adelaide moved— ' That the Synod of the Diocese of Adelaide having given its sanction to the establishment of a Society adhering to the principles of the Church of England Temperance Society, a Diocesan' Temperance Society shall be and is hereby formed, having for its objects these three — 1, The promotion of temperance. 2. The refor mation of the intemperate. 3. The removal of the causes that lead to intemperance. That the Lord Bishop of Adelaide, the Revs. W. B. Andrews, F. S. Poole, and W. H. Mudie, and the mover be reauested to take the necessary «teps for carrying oat thi« resolution, end that this meeting pledges itself to give the Society its cordial support.' H» would read the two pledges which it was in tended should be taken by its members. The first, the pledge of strict moderation, was — 'I hereby pledge myself as a Christian to use my beat efforts by example and precept to suppress intem perance.' The second, the pledge of .total absti nence, was — ' I hereby agree to abstain from all , alcoholic liquors, unless ordered by medical advice, so long as I hold my card of member ship.' After a lengthy address from the rev. gentle man, the motion was seconded by the Rev. W. B. Andrews, and carried. Speeches were made by the Bishops of Ballarat and Melbourne, and the proceedings closed. Wesleyan Temperance Demonstration; A temperance demonstration was held in th« Lecture Hall at the rear of the Pirie-street Wesleyan Church on Wednesday evening, January 23. There was a large attendance. The President of the Conference, Eev. Thos. Lloyd, presided, and there were also on the plat form a number of ministers attending the Con ference meeting. Addresses were delivered by the CHAIRMAN and by the Eev. J. NicnoLSONon 'The attitude of Methodism to the temperance reformation;9 the Rev. A. Stubbs, on ' The hopeful aspects of the temperance movement ;' the Rev. R. W. Campbell, on the theme, 'Is strong drink necessary for mental and manual labour ?' and the Rev. D. O'Donnell, on the question ' What , are the best remedies for intemperance ?' Chtjrch of England Sunday Schools Union. A meeting of the members of the Church of England Sunday-school Union was held at the Town Hall on Wednesday evening. About 250 persons were present, including many of the clergy. The Hon. N. Blyth (Minister of Edu cation) presided, and their Lordships the Bishops of Adelaide, Melbourne, and Ballarat occupied seats on the platform. The Dean of Adelaide having engaged in prayer, The Chairman, in opening the proceedings, said that the number of their Sunday scholars exceeded 5,300, and that the number of teachers was 520. One of tbe principal objects of the Sunday-school Union which had been instituted was to diffuse a know ledge of improved Sunday - school teaching, and also to a great extent to promote uni formity of system, especially in connection with the teaching of the different portions of the Christian year. (Applause.) His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide fol lowed with an interesting address, after which the Bibhop of Melbourne made an eloquent 6peech on the subject of ' The claims of the Sunday-school on men of education.' The Rev. Canon Farr having addressed the meeting, the Bishop of Ballarat spoke on .the subject of ' The relation of the work of the Sunday-school to Confirmation.' Belair Inebriates' Retreat. The annual meeting in connection with the above institution was held at the Stow Memorial Lecture Hall on Friday afternoon, January 11. Mr. W. C. Buik presided, and there were also present Messrs. J. Gordon, H. Giles, and J. Counsel!, members of the Committee of Manage ment. The Secretary (Mr. J. Tasker) read the report of the Committee of Management as follows :— ' 1. Your Committee have to report that during the last year they have held 13 meetings. 2. That the incorporation of the institution under the 'Associations Incorporation Act, 1858,' has been completed; that the publio roads through the property of Belair have been con veyed to the Committee of Management; and that all the necessary legal deeds and docu ments have been duly executed. 3. That the buildings referred to in last year's report have boen finished, providing dormitories for 10 male inmates, kitchen, dining-room, dairy, store- room, and a large underground tank. The property has been substantially fenced with redgum posts and six wires, gates being provided at convenient places. 4. The appoint ment of a Superintendent and Matron, who are now in charge of the institution. 5. On the 5th July last the first inmate was ad mitted, and since that date nine persons (eight ? males and one female) have been received. Five of these have been lawfully discharged and four are now in the institution. The Committee seek tbe aid of Temperance and Total Absti nence Societies in making known the object and working of the institution, and recommending patients to become voluntary inmates. 6. That from want of funds they have not been able to carry out the views of the promoters of tho institution so fully as they could have wished. With the exception of one or two urgent cases, they have not felt themselves in a position to ? receive any but paying inmates, feeling deeply convinced that in order to make the institution the public benefit it ought to be they should be , in a position to receive inmntes of all classes. They now appeal to the public for the funds necessary to carry on tho institution effec tually.' The Treasurer (Mr. Buik) then read the balance- sheet, which showed that the total amount of subscriptions received during the past year had been £250 2s., and the total pay ments for the lame period £1,928 16s. 9d. The balance at present in hand was £34 12s. 7d. The report and balance-sheet having been. adopted, the Treasurer explained that the Committee had still to receive £2,000 from the Government as a subsidy, and this amount, which did not appear in the balance-sheet, would most probably come to hand in the course of a few days. The following gentlemen were appointed a Committee of Management for the ensuing year : — Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. Gordon, H. Giles, J. Counsel], and 0. B. Young. Mr. J. H. Angas was appointed an honorary member. The meeting then terminated. Distress in the Holy Land. — A meeting of the members of tho Jewish Community was held at the Synagogue-Chambers on Sunday, January 6, for the purpose of considering an appeal by Eabbi Mendelson on behalf of the Jews of the Holy Land. There was a moderate attendance, and the Treasurer, Mr. H. Bennett, presided. The Eev. A. T. Boas, who acted as interpreter to the Rabbi, read the appeal from the Jews of Hebron which was referred to in our columns a short time back. It seated that they were in the greatest indigence and distress from famine, which had been augmented by the Russo Torkish war having closed the chief channels through which assistance had hitherto reached them. Mr. Boas detailed the steps he had already taken in aid of the movement, and mentioned that he had received much sym pathy from Gentile friends. Mr. A. Abrahams suggested that funds should be sent to the suf fering Jews in other parts of Palestine where the distress was equally as great as in Hebron, and also to the persecuted and suffering Jews in Bulgaria and other Turkish provinces. This suggestion was generally approved of. It was then proposed by Mr. Abrahams, and seconded by Mr. A. J. Solomon — 'That this meeting, having heard with the deepest feelings of sorrow and sympathy of the distressed and deplorable condition of our brethren in Pales tine and the East, is desirous of adopting means by which our co-religionists may be relieved.' The resolution was carried. 'Mr. M. Salom, J.P., moved, and it was decided — 'That in order to afford the substantial 'assistance so urgently required, and as the best means of effecting the foregoing resolution, a general appeal be made for subscriptions for the fund, and thai every Israelite present pledges himself to use his utmost endeavours to assist in attaining the desired end.' Tbe Rev. A. T. Boas, Messrs. H. Bennett, S. Barnard, C. L.. Klisser, J. M. Solomon, J.P., A. Abrahams,. M. Salom, J.P., G. Bennett, S. Saunders, I. Simmons, E. Eaphael, W. J. Gollin, 0. Haing, P. Benjamin, M. Brandon, A. J. Solomon, M. Jacobs, A. Saunders, and D. S. Hart (Hon. Secretary) were appointed a Committee, with power to add to their number, to receive sub scriptions, Mr. Abrahams consenting to take the Treasurership of the fund. Children's Hospital.— A meeting of the * General Committee cf this institution was held at the Union College Class Rooms on Tuesday January 8. There were twelve ladies and gentlemen present. His Honor Mr. Chief Justice Way presided. A letter was received ? from Mrs. J. Col ton, statiDg that she was anxious to endow a cot — the cost of which would be £30 annually— at the Dispensary, Currie-street. On the motion of Mrs. R. Stuckey, seconded by Miss Clark, Mrs, Colton's kind offer waj acccepted -with thanks. The Chairman stated that there was accommodation in the temporary -dispensary for two or three more cots. The Hod; Treasurer, Dr. A. Campbell, stated that since last quarter he had placed in the Bank £80 3s. 4£d. Of that amount £23 had been contributed by Mrs. Billing as proceeds of a Christmas entertainment given in connection frith her school in North Adelaide. It was resolved that a vote of thanka should be for warded to Mrs. Billing for her handsome con tribution. The Treasurer also mentioned as a pleasing fact that about £40 of the £S0 had been collected in the small boxes issued by the Committee for receiving contributions. New Wesleyax Cklfbl, Mhadows. — On Sunday, December 30, the Bev. S. Knight, President of the Wesleyan Conference, preached the sermons in connection with the opening of the new Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Meadows, and in the afternoon addressed the children of the Sunday-school. The morning and evening services were delivered to crowded congrega tions, the chapel, though capable* of seating 18o comfortably, having to be provided with seats down the aisles to accommodate the people. Most parts of the circuit — Clarendon— were represented. The building, which is very neat and commodious, is situated in a centra land convenient position, being almost in the centre of the township, and has rather more than half 'an acre of hind attached to it, on which it is the intention of the Trustees to erect a shed for the accommodation of the horses of those who come from a distance as soon as funds will allow. The contractors for the various parts of the building have all carried out their work in a creditable and satisfactory manner. On Monday, December 31, a public tea was held in Mr. F. W. Vickery's wheat store, about 250 persons partaking of the good things provided, a bachelors' tray, presided over by Messrs. D. H.'Simpson, Padman, and Alcock, receiving a rather large share of attention. The tea over, a move was made for the new chapel, which by a little after 7 was completely crammed. The meeting was opened by singing and prayer, Mr. J. Colton presiding. Mr. D. Simpson read the financial statement, showing that up to date the building had cost £375, towards which £183 had been raised, leaving a debt of £182, of which sum he hoped they would raise £100 at this meeting, Mr. Colton having promised if they raised £90, including proceeds of tea and collections, that he would make up the £100. The meeting was further addressed by the Revs. J. Allen, S. Knight, and J. Broadbent. Votes of thanks on the motion of Messrs. J. Carr, MJ\, and W. Pearson were duly accorded to the Rev. J. Allen, who had been the architect, and all who had assisted. Goodwood Pake Baptist Ceafei,. — The' opening of this place of worship was cele brated on Monday, January 7, by a tea and public meeting, in which many ministers and friends from Adelaide took part. About 200 persons sat down to tea. At the meeting the building was crowded. The chair was occupied by Mr. G. S. Fowler. Mr. N. Idnnington, the Secretary, read a statement, from which it appeared that the first building in this rapidly-settled town ship was erected and occupied in October, 1876. In July last a Baptist Church was formed at Goodwood, the meeting-place being in thei house of one of their number, Mr. J. O'Connell, to whose exertions the present structure was largely due. Afterwards it was decided to erect a building and one had been put up on ' the cottageprinciple.' Mr. Jas. Anderson, the contractor, had erected it for £295. Towards the cost Mr. G. S. Fowler had gene rously given £50, and other friends had con tributed ao liberally that, with an advance which was made by the National Building Society, to be repaid in weekly instalments by the members of the Church, the amount required was raised. There were still, however, works to he done to render the chapel more comfortable. The. church, or ' meeting-house'' as it was gene rally spoken of, will hold nearly 200 people. There are now fourteen members forming the infant communion/moat of these having been transferred from the Flinders-street Church. Sbmaphoeb Wbsleyax Ghubch. — The Wes levans of the Semaphore have just added a transept to their neat Gothic church situated on the Semaphore-road, which will now accommo date 400 persons instead of 150 as formerly. The transept is 50 x 30 feet, and built from a design by Mr. A. Pett, of Kent Town. The in terior of the church has been improved by a new -ceiling and new pews of Kauri pine frames and Huon pine panels. In addition a new school room 45 x 25 feet, and vestry 19 x 15 feefc, with outside sheds and fencing, have been erected. The total cost was £1,475, the builders being Messrs. Bobin k Hack. The reopening services ?were conducted on Sunday, January 20, by-$he Eev. T. Lloyd, who preached two able sermons to large congregations. Well-attended tea and public meetings were held on Monday night. At the open gathering Mr. J. Carr, MJP., presided, and on the platform were the Revs. S. Knight (President of the Conference), T. Lloyd, and C. T. Newman, and Messrs. G. Shorney, J.P., and J. B. Hack. The Chairman delivered an address, after which the Treasurer read the financial state ment. It appeared that the alterations would involve an expenditure of £1,500 and sundry accounts at £106. The incidental receipts amounted to £49, while subscriptions collected were £186, and subscriptions unpaid £55. The present liabilities were £1,316, reduced.by £55* the proceeds so far of the opening services. The Bevs. S. Knight, C. T. Newman, and ether speakers followed with appropriate addresses, and the choir, under Mr. C Hack, sang at intervals. 