A CHRISTMAS CAROL. An entertainment of. a. very, interesting character is . to bo given at tho Town Hall this ovoning by Mr. J. R. Betts, teacher of elocution, the subject chosen by him being Dickens's Christmas tale "A Christmas Carol." He will bo assisted by four of our leading amateur readers, .Messrs., Knight, Charles Davies, Reid, and Solly, and selections, of music will also be given between the parts. , A brief notico of tho plot of this most famous of i nil Dickens' Christmas stories will Bervo to refresh the memories of tho30 of our roadors who aro familiar with tho work, and will bo interesting to all who may .dotermino to become acquainted with it to-night, i Mr. Scrooge, a wealthy, but miserly and misanthropie 'Lohdon merchant-tho billy surviving partner of tho I firm "Sorooge and Manley''-is presented on a certain 1 Christmas eve with iilUii? unlovely peculiarities in fqll Yjgour. The, disagrpoablo clo|noi)ts of his character aro exhibited by means of dinlugues with hjs nephew, who invites hiln to dinner on Christmas Day, and with two gontjemon who aro humanely trying to raise a . fund to relieve the- necessities of some of tho many , destitute the great city holds.... His reception of thom lia churlish and unsympathetic in tho highest degree; innd the first Bceno clines with his dismissal of his .clerk for a grudgingly-granted holiday next day, his return to hisdreaiy chambers, whoro Marley's ghost I visits and warns him that ho will bo visited by the ¡TJireOj Spirits. Thon the weird interest of tho story ' begins. The old man I« shown by the first spirit what I ho was when young-fresh hearted, and uubegrimed with lust for gold ; ho has reviewed bofnie him scenes I and occurrences, that ho hud-long,-long forgotten. Tho i socond Spirit shows him how.wuch harmless pleasure 'and truo happiness Christmas time brings to ordinal y . people, in every caso possessing but a fraction of his ¡to hini) usoless wealth ; and tim third spirit shows ¡hiini tlio end, "unpitied, unwept, uncarod for," to \Y)l¡chl|o;¡n surely ami deliberately travelling. Tho lasft ,stavo ahqiys us another Scrooge altogether -a Scrooge softened, hunrinised-with all his original ' kindly and gonorous impulsos, fro/.on np for so mnny years, lot loose to movo liim to use his wealth for his own enjoyment and the benefit of all Wini-have evan tho remotest V'U>iui.u]iQn lliui. The music that is in- troduced is as appiopriato as could ho snloctod for so peculiar a tale. "King Christinas" nppoars tn be laptly placed, and " Little Noll." foundod on tho doath of one! nf Dlckeutt'sgivl-bci'nino3,.wiU form a touohing i Unala to tho passago describing tho duath of "Tiny i'1'iin." The çntoi'tainiuont is unique, and tho mimos Jof tliq guutleraou .who aro to aastet Mr,,Detttj uro a suf ficient'guaraiitoo'thdt both music and literatura'will bo admirably ronderod. They aro, including Mr. Botts l|imaelf, with <¡wn or throe oxcoptions, natives of tho colony-some of thom of the city. A chango has been made among tho readers, Mr. Solly, nt tho last ¡it)oment almost, having kindly taken tho place of Mr. Alexander Reid, whom indisposition prevents from appearing. ' ¡His Excellency the Governor will honor !a^iB«tte**ecund.toobyib«tagl)roiput,.i ", L ! ami . .t'iLuu.-u.<.i¡..ij K,i 