-^oIonial blun'oiiJa axu liEMlNlSCKNOtS. Br Geobge E. Loyau. Written expressly for 0* Bunyir-1 MY FIRST APPEAEANCE. BlogKH «d «/-«SoCnUtoBerherarn«d by the same ship, and J'a«' |m ore aimc the colony. To make 'J1^™^ thesame Bble I may stote we .were ^ ^usand eight the weVklTiaLrf we received as clerks from the rieing tow,, oE Egremont, about 100 miles ™%osatwhoeu»e m larje cities no doubt wonder considerably as to what way the young fellows -i,« «iRt in these up-country towns and Tillages employ leisure times, and think attera. month or two of euch quiet life they must be thoroughly wearied of their quarters, and yearn for Ae ci«- whero theatres and amusements of all kinds are so constantly changing performers and performances, that one continued round of ^-£SKfti. to tb. -Hty; there is quite as much fun to bo got in a bush town as ?n any city in Chri.tendom-lhat is provided you know where to look for it. and Bloggs and I were jolly fellows who didn't care a hap orth for anything, save aud except Theophilus Disher, tho head of tho firm under whom we were the recognised quill-driverd from the hours -1 ,n. _ ™ +:n a. n m. Rilliards was the same most in request at Egremont. and at thu some young fellows, a« well as old ones, passed every epare moment. Not so however Bloggs and I, occasionally only we took a iuo, and then were very careful to make the etakeB low, so that at the end of the year when we came to reckon up matters we mostly found that not more than a pound of small change had been waBted on thiB fascinating game. But notwithstanding all I have just remarked as to the lively character of some bush towns, I am unwillingly forced to admit there are intervals when a nerfectlstaafnation seta in, and everything good or bad comes to a standstill. Billiards, bagatelle, cards, orioket, polo, foot ball, dancing, and flirting all appear played out, and the soul yearns for that something else which is unobtainable. Nor can you devote hour after hour to reading, or even writing, without feeling hoartily tired of both. In read ing from boyhood upwards I had perused every thing worth perusing, and the best passages iu tie inoBt famous authors were familiar to me. As to novels. I had received such a surfeit of this class literature that whenever it can e in my way I was at once by a sort of prophetic in Btinct enabled to state correctly wbat each new work was likely to contain. The novels of the present day are very different to thoBe produced when Dickens, Buwvtr, Marry att, and 01 hers of their school wrote, and the trash hashed up for the public of the ' to bo continued ' stamp is all of the eame kind. The plots are universally alike, the heroes and heroines similar, and the adventures they go through extravagant and improbable. Each recounts a history of the life of nobody in particular, who is born, marries, exists, and then dies out of the way without benefit ting anybody in the end. Bloggs and I lay in bed — we had retired early that night, and were within the regions of blanketdom by 9 o'clock, an early hour truly, considering that midnight was our usual time of going to rest. But that night after a hand at crib, having lost two shillings, which he promised to pay, but never did, he complained of headache, and after partaking of a nobbier of hot grog by way of night-cap, bade me ?good night' and left tho room. After his departure in this usual manner there was no pleasure left for me, as I had few other chums then, some of the fellows thereabouts being awfully low. By low I mean when a fellow swears at every other word, and chews tobacco, and keopB spitting about without a care as to virlijvsa tlrmta o«*a in l.ha nrnv* t.Kn.t.'R lnW of COlirSG. though if I were to tell you a few other defects in the manners of these young men they would appear lower still ; as this is a secret I wont. Bloggs was a gentleman, polite to a fault, and without the least sign of fastidiousness knew how to maintain his position in society. After he left the parlor in which we usually sat (the house was an hotel) I epeedily followed him, but too late, he was in bed. I didn't care after seeing him there to eit up, so imitating his ex ample I turned in. As we lay conversing on a variety of topics respecting matters at home and abroad, he sud denly sprang bolt upright iu bed. * By Jove,' cried he, ' I've found it* Eureka ! Eureka 1' At this startling announcement, tmnmng a flea had bitten him, or a fit of cholera morbus come on, Z asked with feelings of alarm what juud happened, and he promptly offered the fol lowing explanation 1— * You are aware,' said he, ' of late how dull thU confounded place has become, and that there is no real sport of any kind stirring. Everything is done, and overdone, and a good £ght or some sensational murder would make a stir. Reaction is wanted somehow, and if something don't turn up in that way soon, I shall give up the ghost.* He paused a second, but seeing me intent on what he said, continued— \- wnen we came here first I thought this a stunning place, and the fellows hereabouts jolly dogs, but I've altered my opinion a deal. Well, a sudden thought has strnok me, and I've worked out a plan in jay cranium which seems likdy to do well if it can be carried out. It isn't ^lectures— nothing of the sort, nor taking photographs, nor fishing, nor hundreds of other things just as likely ; but one word just names it— entertainments, and as there's none of these been tried here yet. I mean to organise a ti oupe of amateurs and carry them out. What do you think of it?' The plan seemed so feasible, so easily availed of, that I at once gave my assent, and we talked far into the night on the matter, and the best method tor carrying it out, till finally long after everyone in the house was fast asleep and snoring, we too sank into the arms of MornheuB. Next rfnv na tnnV thn innVu-n» into our confidence, but he having no large room capable of holding an audienoe, gave us the use of a barn. This on being placed at our service was at once got ready for the pur pose of giving entertainments. One by one the young men of the town joined the party, till the amateur theatrioal performers were upwards of twenty strong, and two pieoeB were ch een for representation. The titles of these were ' The villainous Dutchman, or the Pirate's V.njeaDce,' and 'Low Life Upstairs, or Kitchen versus Drawing-room.' The latter was designated a farce, and reported to be a ? screccher.* I was allotted parts in both, and learned them off to quickly that in less than a fortnight I was quite perfect in the utterances 01 me villainous uutcutnun. as well as of 'John the footoiuu ' in thu ' scr--?cliing' farce. We UKt-d to rehvurstf nightly iu the bueb, and Blogga, wiio was stage mauuger and prompter, «?ipregjctl himself bati*fit.*d with my ability, adding, 'you look every inch a villain -uu Dutchman,' and no doubt I did, since jutt at that period I bad unfortunately purchased a pair of now boots uu inch too short, which ' gave me fits ' every time I set my foot, and may b« -m^™™: wearing tight boots, refused e,. £?{*« discomfort and lose n« «'™''~! and a deal of ingenuity and skill it speedily andLlional which ... .'TSSll' tataS nrLher at St. Simple.s Church. E^emont. Pr!f I had an enemy I would «i*h him to occupy no other position than that of an amateur actor; for agonising are tho feehng of such a one when he fortieth his pait. His knees totter, his hands tremble, and he 1 ? ..ii.,,«-..ioh Hort of fet-lins peivadmg bis system, telling him he has made a n-Utake in occupying a poBition for which he wa- totally Iinfit I confess I felt just so as the nieht— that particular night— ai nvod It was ? my firat appearance.' und though I knew every In*. I was expected to utter without book or prompter, I nevertheless thought I was going to make a fool of myself. The audience were iu their places, the theatre or barn, whichever you please, filled to overflowing, the scenery adjusted, the foot lights (gingerbeer bottles with kerosino oil a«a wicks in them) lighted, the green curtain up, and all ready to begin. BloggB as manager had spoken the prologue, and rounds of applause had followed it. Spooks and Snivers, both amiable and rising young men, who had been cast for piratical seamen, had done their best with the few short sentences allotted them It was now my turn, the ' villanous Dutchman ' was to appear — pity me reader— it was my first appearance. They tell ute I did it remarkably well I was in the estimation of some equal to G. V. Brooks or Kean,*wbile others considered I rose above Macready's inspirations. No doubt I did rant, and raving brought down tLe bouse, and a shower of bouquets followed me as I rushed from the stage mid thunders of applause aa the piratical Dutchman expressed bis resolution to ' to do or die.' Never before had I been placed in such an extraordinary position, but it was my first appearance, and you will forgive me gentle reader. I like sympathy even when it comes from strangers, for let. me tell yon the world is full of sniggering, barking, hangdog set, who will pick holes in any man's coat if they can; but your common honesty people who have hearts that can feel for another, of these I am proud aud appreciate accordingly. I went on again, it was Act III, Scene 2, and I shant forget it in a hurry. I had just warmed up and commenced a splendid soliloquy. * When this viilnin. by his nefarious arts Hath kept me prisoner from the land and sea, And foreed his way upon th' Athenian soil With threats of all that lie would to mo And mine, I rose to conquer or to die ? * Just as I reached this, and was drawing my sword, its sheath got entangled in my legs, and fell forward, careening right ovar tne ngbts and falling among the audience in the pit, who with shrieks of laughter and shouts of applause received me. Never mind, it was my first appeaianae, and I'll take care 'tis my last. ' Low Life Upstairs ' went off well, I did ' John the Footman ' to the life, capsising the tureen, and breaking plates and dishes ab lib, for which I had to pay next day more than a week's salary. This I should not perhaps have minded but for what occurred at the conclu sion of the performance. As I was going off after having finished my very arduous parts a man stood up in the audience and declared his intention of fighting me. Fighting me ! surely the fellow must be mad. lunatic, or quite out of his senses. I replied that I never fought, and retreated for safety to the back of the stage. He was not to be done in this mannar nn * ItA wnillfi liavA a rnnnd wifh ma and finding no escape we went at it there and then 'just for love,' before all the audience. Twice I floored my antagonist, but a third time decided the victory, and I returned with a black eye, a bleeding nose, and a third of my shirt, the rest of my clothes torn to fragments were in the hands of the outrageous vagabond who had attacked me. He disliked my first appearance, that was all. There's no account ing for tastes and likes or dislikes, but this I know that he who tries to please everybody will please nobody, and like me in my double characters have cause to remember a first appearance. Bloggs and I have long since parted ; he is now married, and keeps a store in Now Zealand, while I am here in South Australia waiting for * something to torn op,' which never comes. People usually judge by 'first appearances,' and in to doing are wrong, as the man with a vast amount of cheek and aseuranoe may be a mere loafer, or at best but a hanger on on society. Those who have ever joined the ranks of amateurs in dramatic performances will certainly endorse th-- remarks I have made concerning a first appear ance. There is a lesson to be learned from the foregoing in which the following advice is inculcated — ' Never undertake a position unless you feel yourself competent to carry it out.' The Meanest Yet. — One of the meanest men in Qawler is he who borrows the Bunyip from his neighbor every week, and is too mean to become a subscriber. 