Notes from Wide Bay. [from our own correspondent December 26. The pipes for conveying the water from Tinana into Maryborough have been landed from the ship Sarah, which arrived in Wide Bay lost Saturday, with a batch of immigrants. The ship, drawing only fifteen feet of water on an even keel, was towed up to the wharf in town, where she now lies. The immigrants were readily absorbed domestic servants (females) at from 10s. to 12s. a week. Mr. Travis, an old resident of Maryborough, now doing the grand tour of Europe, has made arrangements with M'Ilwraith's new line of vessels to bring out regular consignments' direct to Maryborough. A new. era dawning for us ? Gympie races came off on Boxing Day and the day after. The Handicaps secured a goodly number of nominations, ten and nine respectively ; but the handicapping was a botch, and much of the interest in the racing was destroyed. Your Gympie correspondent will, however, furnish you with further particulars as to acceptances and result in due course. The Maryborough Handicaps have also filled well. Entries : Marquis, Mirza, Little Dick; IL,, Happy > Prince, Forrester, Count and Kildare the last named, a young Carwoola, whose debut in mixed company will be watched with interest: He was beaten (but not disgraced) at Gayndah last winter by Mr. Purcell's Bylongoolt. ',. says-,'. Although the drought is' over, its effects will be felt throughout the summer, autumn, and winter, until a temperate and - normal Spring: restores the disturbed equilibrium for during: the prolonged winter of 1877, aggravated by one of the severest droughts of late years, there was no natural spring in the grass, and the sudden access of hot weather, accompanied by partial, rains, prevented the herbage from acquiring that "body" which, if not gained in the spring of the year, is never attained. Cattle are no longer dying, but they still stalk like ghosts of their former selves about their camps, and the young stock, the calves of the Benson the few that survive have suffered irrecoverably,-I.fear. a.-, Sheep in small flocks,: on the selections, have done well without exception, and this should turn the attention of selectors to the raising of this kind of stock, which pays well. They can be kept without shepherding nearly the whole year, trained to feed themselves, and to come home every evening. as regularly as sunset. Of course during the lambing season they want watching, for they are apt to lose or, desert their lambs; otherwise they cost nothing; their wool brings in a yearly income small perhaps, if the flock be small, but all, or nearly all profit; while they also keep down the butcher's bill? no slight consideration with meat at 30s. to 33s. a hundred People, in Sydney or Melbourne, where a bullock costs very nearly twice as much as our local butchers have to pay for a beast (at their own doors, too, so to speak) and where meat is not much more than half the price it is in Wide Bay, will wonder at our equanimity, which amounts to pusillanimity, under the greedy despotism of bur butchers, who if they cannot be classed amongst the legally fraudulent, fairly come under the head of extortioners! Anewandcostlybridgehaslaterybeen completed and thrown open for' traffic (?) on the Iindah road, which I have alluded to before as d private thoroughfare, and a dray was bogged about the same date on the Gympie highway, about five miles from Maryborough. There is something wrong here. Whose fault is it Work has begun at the Maryborough railway terminus. ',--,.' ,',¦'.'... The sugar season is over at a number of the mills, " Men may come and men may go," but Yengarie goes on for ever as a matter of course, and a few of the plantations where a vacuum pan is used will crush on to the end of January and into February, or until autumnal or late summer rains set in. The weather continues favorable to the planter who has cane yet to be crushed, but the farmer and the grazier could do with more rain. The following. unique advertisement appears' in the Maryborough papers:? of?, " Black List. -Members of the School of Arts whose subscriptions are not paid on or before the 31st instant, will be posted in the reading room as defaulters after that date James Dowzer, Secretary." Comment is unnecessary. 