.THE REV? T. JAMES'S LECTURES.; \- - SPIRITISM. ,,,im On Wednesday evening the Rev. T.' James, of Melbourne," delivered a lecture'on' Spiritism," in the Institute Hall, on behalf of the.Mount Gambier Wesleyau Circuit Fund.':Tli ere; were about^O persons present, and His Worship the Mayop j[Mp. iiJTateon, J. p.) pre»ded.; ; A.t abojafc a fljiarier pgst ejgjifcVofclock .^g.;revf le.ctpwjr as.c.en4«d ^ platforip,' '§nj| "a. fejv t'i. ** The Mayor'introduced him. ' Hp fairy t^e ^.e^d^ncjo. ftts 89 small,'tiuttfie audience' visa adppt an,i would jio ,doubt bp appreciative. The Eev'.' T. James, aftep a sj?ntenge jjf. jptjro. duction, said that at the close of-the'feotiirp/b^ should be happy to answer, as well as he could, any qnestions that persons opposed to his con clusions should ask, or that might be put for in formation, as lie did not want to stand there in aay copard's castle. He desired first to say Wmt'Spiritualism ai)d Spiritism were, in his opinion,'dis'tipc^veU- differept, and ghquld .fiot be confounded. ''Spiritfralfsm"' was a few years ago the term applied to wilat is n'ow'calfecl " Spiritism but he regarded Spiritualiam as piental, jporal, and spiritual elevatipi} of tlionght, feeling, and life lender the influence of tnjjbti. S^irjtiptp pj-pfesged tQs^BrseiJothati revelation from Qod upon which is based all the knowledge we possess respecting God and divine things. It professed to establish a new minis tration and to found a new dispensation and a better than that of Christ-a ministration that was not by the power of God, by the energy of the Holy Ghost,, or .the testimony of divine truth, but by such spirits as might be brought into request for the purpose of revealing things that would otherwise be unknown by men. He contended that Spiritism was an intrusion, an impertinence, and a practical falsehood. He did so on the ground that "the tree is known by its fruits ;" and he was willing to abide by a practical test of it in that way. It professed to deal with the unseen and make known to men by preconcerted Bigns and symbolic sounds, such as " spirit-writing," table rapping, &c.;, things that wer8 taking place in the unseeu ; and as sumed a pretension of possessing equal authority with that testimony of God on which the world had rested for ages. He maintained that " Spiritism" was no new thing. It was a re surrection-a restitution-of an old Paganish mode of. worship, which, if not as old as the hills, was, at all events, as old as the human race. In the early history of our race we found spiritism systematized as a religion. : The history of the Egyptians, Hindoos, Chinese, and other peoples; furnished with: the clearest ex amples of, that system.".' Modern Spiritisms was but' the shadow-^a ;very'iiainttishkdowrr-of the wider,., andr - more ,, systematized;, creed of Spiritism '.of the /Chinese.' .Jlie j.pliiuese not .only" said ,that'|1 tl?® jiPrite .'of'tthe dead' testified ' to1 them/1"but went so far'as- to worship their ancest6r£';fSpiritism^ as now pro fessed in1 civilized countries' (iated' little' 'more than 20:'.years'-backj i. but tit. had 'in 'tllat' time spread over the whole- civilized world, and many thousauds believedjifi'it^TM.en'^of the highest culture "profoundest, thought had submitted 'theniselvesMtq'.'the n dictation * of ' Spiritism. Many indeed, who hid gone to its manifesta tions prejudiced against it, had come away con vinced that theiewas something supernatural in it: < (Others, however, held that all its manifesta tions could be .accounted for. on. natural ! grounds!. (tfom&ssMd; they/coWd ba. tproduced by clairvoyance, others by mesmerism, some by .trickery or sleiglit-of-hand, some by. aisorfr-of magnetic influence, and others,V^y. some* ociult 'iecrel; force underlying the forms'oil&e; thatWe at"1 present knew of." 'He did not: believe they could be done by trickery nor were'the result' of an unknown occult force of nature. He thought they'could- be 'accounted for only on the hypothesis; referred :to, - that for some mystic reason-evil spirits-demons- were allowed! to perform them. The Kev. Mr. Watsford, of Melbquhie,-thought there was~:ndtliing;in it.'that could not be explained on the principles of electro-biology. He .said he could.make a.p,er sbn' jMswerJ wh"at'6^ef£lieTde&edi; on^condition that the person had a, perfect acquaintance with the ground that covered' the answer. He (the lecturer) thought tfiat.was" not enough, and cited "a case that Mr. Watsford's .electro- biology could not imitate, in'which'onie of the Misses Fox, 'of New York, told an event' of .a most improbable nature that had occurred hundreds of miles away,; under,such circumstances that it was im possible anyone in NewYork could know it at the time by any ordinary means.' She said she knew it by meps of the spirit of a dead man ; but he (Mr. James) did not think it was given to the spirits of the dead to cross the borderland, and_he_did not think there was a single recorded <&se; that Tverit to show that. '* His 'coricluno'n was,; .that there was (a Diabolical, sign agreed uppn in the spirit world , to 'Wnboozle and draw away men's minds from the'simplicity of the only truth ' they^should believe and follow. He would give-some reasons for this conclusion. On a comparison between the temp tation of our first parents in the garden and . our Saviour in the wilderness,-it would he found that the mode Was precisely, similar ; Satajv appealed to men'i vanity and intellectual pride..; He said to our first parents, " Ye shall "lie as !gods, knowing good and evil." ,Not .long since, in Melbourne, he heard Mrs. Hardinge-Britten, a noted; spiritisti .. lecture. She exhorted..her hearers' to' do tliis, that, and the other 'thiiig, and then, " when they should have climbed up the steeps of time" (whatever that meant), " they. shouldlbo as gods" ,-TIioseweiJe.theyery "words'spoken, to our first parent's.'' Another reason for his concluding that Spiritism was a Diabolic manifestation was the fact that there was such an'unintentional combination,'as far as human beings were concerned, in different parts of the world, for the same erroneous ends, and the same bad beliefs. Spiritism,, in- every case, sooner or later, came to this-that the revela tions that men had hitherto relied' upon for their knowledge of the unseen was a revelation that took an equal stand only with; revelations made by mediums to-day; that Moses and Isaiah and Paul were mediums, and that Christ also was only a first-class medium.M:i.Itlield that Peter and John and others^ who wrote the Word of God, were so many mediums acting under the influence of the spirits, who were really the speakers. Spiritists said that sin was only another mode of righteousness-a lower form of virtue ; and that there was no God excepting humanity, and that humanity was that power we called God. He held that that was the very worst form of idolatry, because if a man were just an atom of God, then there was noue above him-none before whom he should be called to account. He would have a perfect right to break all the commandments, and who could gainsay him? That was the simple teaching of Spiritism, taken from their own books. They also said that the laws of marriage were tyranny, and that men had no right to impose such laws ; that the only bond between a man and woman was the bond of affinity. Lovp, they said, was the only true marriage, and when a man did riot love a woman she was "not his affinity." If he loved' one woman now and believed her to be his. affinity he was married to her; but if to-morrow he loved, another, then the first was, not his affinity, and he should have the second wonqan ! To live with the first when Jje laved the gecoud woflld be living in: adult'enr. Thus a man 'might change women day after day, providing lie loved the last better than any preceding. (In proof of these statements, and as showing the grossly immoral tendency of the free] love of Spiritism, the rev. lecturer read several extracts from Spiritist writings,'nrid also the testimony of several.men who had turned fron} that belief after having been for several years leaders in the f strong delusion.") .The result of such teach ing was of necessity great immorality, and the lecturer cited two or three instances that had ccme under his personal knowledge confirmatory of that. Spiritism was a religion of theory only. It dealt not with the heart; did not awake the conscience; nor profess to give direction to the life. ... There, appeared to.be a far-reaching .design in this matter. Spiritists professed to aim at the universal direction of society. ^ffoey plajmeij tj}i}t Spiritism pfMtTprted art, and that science was the result of spiritist agency. They professed also to control all political.forces ; and they had, therefore, laid hold of some of the political leaders of the world. Napoleon III. was a thorough Spiritist, and they said the pre sent Emperor of all the Russias was a moderate one. He had said that" by their fruits we should tnaw them." Let ns judge Spiritism by that rule. He thought the present state of society was the result of certain providential provisions. It was the work of God. It was based upon family. Destroy the family and we destroyed society. If we destroyed the marriage tie .we destroyed the family. He looked upon marriage as as divine an institution as ever existed. It sras needed ag muph fqr dispip.line as (or epstgjy; and there was as much goad on the one side of matrimony as the other. Some men seemed to think they born only for pleasure and self-gratification. That was diametrically opposed to the great law that underlay the Christian religion ;'and that law . of the Christian, religion agreed with the laws of nature., Self-ipdijlggiipe undermined tjip pl{ar&c;| ter,. sapped tlie^ strength, and* destroyed,;the conscience; .!' peace,' and purity. . of mankind. Hardships tnjade, 'the man. The1. doc trines '? of Spiritism had a self-destructive'lope'; the doctines of Christianity, though they, acted adversely*to fallen human naturte, were those of truth and right., (Applause). ... In reply to several questions by the Rev. A. Stubbs,} r > | v}- ; .» ,» " Mr- T^nfes'said hp djd not fhi}ik Splfltistji wojjld apt ;as, a|i autidoj® to i^iaterjalism. }je believed the fqrm.er T?a§ only an inverted form of materialism:) Spiritism" , was a Diabolical thing tjiat ffejit; hand . in hand with materialism for the sanje.efld'. and purpose-the diverting of mpp's; njjqds fpnj the tr^th. He did not think tliejro ips' any physical impossibility qf a pjfld communicating with another nijqd, iudppe'u- ; dently. of: material-, means, as contended for by : materialists.' They could do so when one was mesmerised ^' and when one became a medium he surrendeied his mind to the demons. He never knew a wicked man to be improved by i joining Spiritism. It made some sceptics be. ! lieye |n the itpmortality of the 504!. }n regard ;i (io the fqture ljfe Spiritists taught that thoVqrid J qf spirits was a material pue, and was so. vi near that we should be able to ape it if our pre- i sent eye coqld see things that were different to preset-material things, They admitted qo possibility of punishment in the next world except in a negative sense. They held that if men failed in the present life they would have to undergo a process of training or growth in the next world before they could enter full enjoy ment. In- reply , to the Chairman lie said he thought Spiritism was spreading and would do a great deal more than it had yet done. As regaids Professor and Clara Baldwin's performances in Melbourne, which they said were independent of other than human Rgency, he contended that they did not cover all the ground. They did not coyer such a manifestation as that he had cited with respect to Miss Fox. He admitted the Baldwins could go as far as the manipulative part of Spiritism was concerned. A vote of thanks to the lecturer, proposed by the Rev. A. Stubbs and seconded by Mr. J. R. Moore, and to. the Mayor for presiding, con cluded the proceedings. . JOHN WESLEY. On Thursday evening Mr. James delivered a lecture on John Wesley in the Wesleyan Church, .on.behalf of the Circuit Funds. The admission )wa$ free, but a collection was made at'the close. ^ There /yvere r about 100 persons present. The C^hurch CHoir,*"during the evening, sang several 'an^heijis.' " A few remarks having been made by ;the Rev. A. Stubbs, and a hymn siing, .The Rev. Mr. James,entered ypou^is'lecture. He , first, spoke of the ' bir'tii and parentage of Wesley, who was born on June .17,1703, at Epworth, in Lincolnshire. He came of first-rate blood, speaking in a religious and moral sense. He (Mr., James) thought there was a great deal in blood. Good blood seldom lost its virtue; and sometimes good blood that seemed to have been lost for ages reappeared, in,.somgjof, its descendants. Wesley's father was rector of the parish of Epworth, and was a man of great ability and literary attainments ; and his mother (daughter of Dr. Anesley), one of .the greatest English beauties1 of her time, was a woman ;of 'great talent'and worth. ^ the fortunes'; of the sisters of John Wesley.tiaviug,; .been'- rapidly glanced at, the lecturer devoted tlie ^mainder of his discourset "entirely ;.to',:tlie life,-, of the ;fQunder;.of -Methodism.;; His: education,.! com menced under the most judicious of mothers and finished* at Oxford, and then his>'remarkable trip to America and varied'experiences there, were dealt' with. On the voyage to America he cairie into' contact with some,Moravians, who might be called the ^German Methodists of that day, and in this cotild be.found the,seed germ of ,future' Methodisin.': Having resided- at Savannah for a short time, during which I he"; "got; ;iuto .trouble Vwiflrr the '-governor, [whose daughter he-.-wished to marry, but afterwards;.onrthe advice of the'Moravian leader?,1 gave". Up' theintentjon, lie returned to England/1 Several .more of Wesley's* love ad ventures, and his finally falling a prey to a sour jealous widow of 48rwho led him a miserable ex istence diinfig' her life, . were related ; and then the lecturer mentioned his acquaintance wi£h_a Peter Piiler, a Moravian teacher in Londo'n, which led to his devoting his life to the service of Christ. His life as a preacher, in connection with his brother Charles; his successes; persecutions by the,Episcopal Church and its sympathisers, &c.;, were narrated ; and his character for piety, benevolence, and energy in the cause of his Lord sketched and extolled.' He retained his faculties, strength, aud energy unimpaired until within a few years of his death, which took place on Monday, March 2, 1791, in his 88th year. A vote of thanks to .the choir and lecturer, moved by the Rev. Mr Stubbs and seconded by Mr. A. K. Yarley, was cordially passed. !. The proceedings closed witli the Doxology and benediction.'? ~ '"" 