OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments."— Shakesperk. Victoria Theatre, The great sensational drama, entitled " The Old Toll-House," has been produced, and was very weli received. Mr. Bland Holt as Jack Bunnage is, of course, the life of the piece. Mr. Carey takes a benefit this (Friday) evening, and appears as Wahnotee in the " Octoroon," assisted by Mr. J. J. Bartlett as Salem Scudder. On Saturday, Miss Horton makes her first appeara ce. Theatre Royal. Nothing much to chronicle as to the doings At this theatre. Mrs. Scott-Siddons appeared last evening, for positively the last time, as Mary Melrose in " Our Boys." This (Friday) evening " East Lynne " will be given. " The Scarlet Letter," dramatised from Hawthorne's novel, is in preparation. Queen's Theatre. Mr. D'Orsay Ogden, a new arrival, has made his debut at this theatre in " Two Men of Sandy Bar," a sensational drama by Bret Harte, of no particular literary merit or interest. Mr. Punch was neither particularly nor favourably impressed with Mr. Ogden's representation of the vagabond, and had it not been for the very creditable performance ot Miss Beatrice, as Don JovitaJCastro — her first appearance — and Miss Douglas, as Miss Morris, the whole play would have proved stale, flat, and unprofitable. Mr. Andrews, acceptable as he generally is, found no congenial part as the repre sentative of Colonel Staabottle. Miss Beatrice has a very pleasing appearance, and with better support will prove a valuable acquisition to the colonial stage. The " Streets of New York " has been substi tuted for " The Two Men of Sandy Bar," which has as yet proved anything but a " hit." The Guild Hall. Those who have not seen D'Arcy Read's wonderful Ghost illusions, together with the phantom frolics, should lose no time, as the last days of this really interesting exhibition are announced. Temperance Hall. " The Champion Skater of New Zealand," Mr. Alfred Wyburd, appears in a series of skating performances, commencing on Saturday evening next. The public are to have an opportunity of exhibiting their prowess on the rollers or on their backs, as the case may be, according to their proficiency as " rinkists," every afternoon from three to six o'clock. Mdlle Charbonne . Mr. Punch has received the following contribution from a young lady correspondent, writing under the nom de plume of " Ariel." The paragraph is thoroughly suggestive of the high estimation in which this very talented artiste is held by all the music lovers of Sydney : — " This accomplished pianiste, now sojourning in Sydney, had been, for some time previous to her arrival here, a student at the Paris Conservatoire of Music, where, under the tuition of eminent masters, she diligently cultivated her natural talent, and thus attained a remarkable degree of proficiency in the beautiful art of pianoforte- playing. The characteristics particularly noticeable and worthy of encomium in this young lady's style are — her expression, brilliant, yet sympathetic touch, exquisite power of modulation (which in pianissimo passages is especially apparent), and the almost perfect command she possesses over the difficulties of the key board, playing i the most intricate pieces with great facility. " The music Mddle. Charbonnet has performed at the concerts ! given by her in this city has been uniformly of a high class descrip- i tion ; and it must be gratifying to her as a genuine artiste to have t received appreciation of her efforts and talent, as evidenced by the large audiences which have been present at her performances in Sydney. " It is much to be regretted that our principal daily paper does not possess on its staff a competent critic of music, as from this circum stance foreign artistes of note receive no encouragement jfrom the Press to visit us, when the same meed of approbation is paid to their talents as that which is extended to mediocre or colonial per formers. " Mr. Punch regrets to hear that the last of Mdlle. Charbonnet's concerts — as charming as they are classic — is announced. There will doubtless be a crowded audience to say an revoir. 