ON DOCTORS. i DOCTORS arc tall men with eye-glasses, and ! black conts, ami shiny hats, and bonds in their backs. Thoy have soft voioes, aad I speak as if they bad just left off singing very I solemn music. They sinilo softly whon they , meet you, and ahako hands with you in a , slow deliberate way. They love the feociety 1 of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp towels to make them gliston. They drink cold water , when they riBointhe morniug for their health, and put oil in their hair for the good of trade. They are muoh afraid of ghosts. A man once told me that no one over yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather around his ghost, and treat it ao badly that it is ashamed to show its faoe to respectable people evor afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most un* grateful class of people. When doctors oome into a parlour or draw iug-room, they bow, and rub one hand over another, and smile, aud bend over you, and ask in a whisper,44 How are we getting on f" Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange tboir soarfs and hair, and the folds of their shirts ; after this they turn their baoks to the glass, and having stretched out their arms to the full length, twist their wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the otficr. All this makes them cool and collected, and prevents them from looking within ten years of their real age. When doctors come into a bedroom, they smile and taiU abaut the weather, and the i price of mutton. Then they look out of the window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if there is anjr truth in tho rumur that his eldest son has piven up his wild habits, and is attending to his profession. After this they walk over totheeiakporson, and say, "Well, ao you have persuaded yourself that you are not wolL Xow, let us see-let us see." Then they oatoh hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to uleep. After a while they shut the watcu-caso with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if they wore waking; then look up at the coiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their boots on the carpet After this they enquire how often the siok person has asked what o'clock it was during the past week, and if he had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have been answered, they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say, " H'm," very softly, and sit down with another sigh. They then enquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Sootch or oxalio acid, or any otherpoison, or if he has , been using terms of affection in oonnexion 1 with the name of his mother-in-law, or with the Commune, or with the Income-tax, or if he has in any othor way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered, they say "H'm" again, and leave the room immediately after wards. As soon as they get back to the parlour or drawing-room, they say that the siok person fs not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be pro vided with a pockot-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. They forbid thit he shall set any bills, or telegrams in the daily papers, or any thing else that would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, ana draw three-legged stools, and frying pans, and regiments of soldiers, and other ohildish figures upon it, and request to have this sent to the apothecary's. When the apothooary sees this he says " Oh, bother 1" and places it on a file. He then takes a tattle of paraffin oil, and having put a pinoh of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the siok man. -Emanvkl KINK. A SENSfBUi writer in T£n$leyft Magazine has the following remarks on tho system of tasking children after school-hours" The most radical error of the present system is, in my opinion, that masters and teachora would soom to be more and more disposed to drop teaohing in the proper sense of tho -term, ana to make their pupils learn instead ; for the {growing system of home-tasks can only tond in the most decidedly wrong direction. It would be much better (or the true interests of both teaohers and learners to make the chil dren stay one hour longer in school every day, and to abandon home-tasks altogether. The school is the proper place for learning, and the only truly proper place ; and instruction by .word and mouth, aud with the aid of the blaok board, iaalways the most profitable instruction. To send a toy home with orders to learn lessons out of books, and to write tasks, sometimes of the most fantastio nature, is certrinly not the proper way of teaching them; and when a boy haB passed some Ave or six hours of the day in sohool he ought to have rest and freedom from study till the next day -even Reaving out of the question the glaring fact that all hoinetasks muse necessarily fall most unevenly upon olover children ana dull children, and upon those whose parents may bo able and willing to aSBiBt their offspring in doing the tasks and those who have no such help itffordod tbom. It is this very system of home-tasks which is making the schoot years of boys more and more irksome and unhappy, not here alone, but even, and perhaps oven more so, iu Germany, with her vaunted system of education, A poor child is never free to enjoy himself; even part of his Sunday has to be employed in tho preparation of his home tasks auil lessons.0 STRANGE stories are afloat (says tho London correspondent of the Adelaide ItegiitcrJ as to future designs of (icrmany on the independence of Holland. Tho Germans, it is said, nre de termined at all cost to acquire a seaboard ; and ns tbcy uvn only obtain this boon by an nexing the Netherlands, it is imputed to tbom tiiat tiinv arc ready to play the part of burg lars-to break their neighbor's Jiouee nnd to appropriate bis property. But what will France say to such a transaction ? In answer to this question, it is said that Bismarck is proparcu to purchase the silonco-if not the connivance-of the French by restoring to them tbu conquered provinces uf Alsace and Lorraine, reserving only Strosburg nnd a email strip of territory ou tho right bank of the Khine. Such is the Machiavellian plot which persons who are by no moans canardmongere aver that Bismarck is preparing to launch on tho troubled sea of European politics. At tho present moment ho is endeavoring to cultivate friendly relations with the French llepublio. I comudeb (writes a correspondent of tho 8\. M. Herald) that it would bo an easy mat tor for a privateer, or an enemy's man-of war, to make a prize of our mail steamers whilst they are coaling at King George's Sound. There arc no batteries, 1 am told, to protect them whilst lying at anchor there, and as the time of their arriving would be known to the enemy, their capture would bo an easy t.isk. At sea it would be Bomcwhat different. The speed of our tnail boats would prokibly enable them to eseapo capture; al though even at sea it would not be safe to get within rouge of a rilled 32-pounder. As to the absurd talk of the mail steamer being ; aldo to run down any privateer, this must be j I taken for mere bombast. Any Boaman ac-1 | quaintvd with the management of long Btea-' I uici-8 like the P. and O. Company's must I know that running down a Bbort and fust steamer is a feat as difficult as that of a six j oar gijjf catching a dingy. ' Law costs aro thy cruel giants of our day. The assessor, the arbitrator, nnd the liquidator received out of tho insulvont fuuds of the Kuropean Insurance Company no less than £80,000-and that is considered choap, nnd a j saving of Chancery expcuscB which, otherwise, M ould Imvo run over a quarter of a cectury without conclusion. POOR PETEB CAMPBELL.-Trudy (he irreproachable Peter Campbell's occupation is going. From building bush churches and receiving subscriptions at box 297 G-.P.O., he turned hie hand to editing and publishing for a few weeks a pamphlet styled the Waep If his printers have suffered no less wo fancy this same Wasp must have stung Mr. Camp bell pretty deeply, for his sales could but barely cover tbe cost of advertising in the Herald. The groat missionary has now, after a few weeks of pretty rough handling among critics and others, given up the editorial life and taken to lecturing. On Monday and Tuesday he gave farewell lectures in the Temperance Hall, and this is the Herald1s report verbatim ?- " Testerday evening the Rev. Peter. Campbell gave a farewell literary entertainment at the Temperance Hall. His audience numbered fourteen persons, in cluding ticket-takers, but the locturer said that as he had often talked to one man in the preaching deportment, he did notfeel justified in sending them away. He then proceeded to give his entertainment, which consisted of " The Charge of the Light Brigade," " The Pickwick Trial/' Charles Dickens's " Little Nell," Mark Twain's "Jumping Frog," and selections from The Wasp. The audience thinned somewhat before the (dose of the entertainment." Hie Herald's remarks called forth from the reverend Peter the following advertisement, which appeared in the Evening News-"Granny's reporters." Living Curs always bark at Dead Lions I come to the 4 P.'s, Temperance Hall, To-Night. Splended material will be g&ven; for another malicious paragraph in the Herald. This frightened away the Herald staff, for no report of the " 4 P/s Lecture" appeared in Wednesdays issue. We have not heard whether it is this good and much reviled man's intention to go bock to his bush churches and imaginaiy congregations, or whether he has at last Been the errors of his ways, and now intends to be take himself to honest toil for his living. CHATHAM DOCKYARD.-The dockyard at Chatham just now presents a spectacle never before witnessed in its history as a naval establishement, there being no fewer than five large armor-plated ships, all of the meet powerful character, for both offensive and defensive purposes, now in the dockyard basins, being prepared for sea, in addition to which a sixth equally fonnidable ironclad ship is on the building slip being rapidly con structed. Of the vessels fitting, the Monarch, double turret ship, mounting seven guns, of 8322 tonrf and 7642 liorse-powor, is the most forward, and is now only waiting the orders from the Admiralty to hoist the pennant. With the exception of the finishing work to her torpedo apparatus and fitments she may be said to be complete both on board and aloft, j and with crew ready to be sent on board from i the Boyal Naval Barracks, a few weeks could I see her ready to leave, fully equipped, for any 1 destination where her services might be required. The work of fitting the electrio light apparatus on board before she leaves Chatham will in itself occupy no very long time, and no unexpected delay likely to arise connected with applying the electric light apparatus tojjthe snip. ? PBEAOHEB said-" Every tub must stand on its own bottom." A sailor jumped up and said-" But, sir, suppose it has no bottom P" " Then it's no tub, returned he quickly, and went on with the sermon. A YOUNG miss of seventeen summers has concluded to marry a big man for her first husband, and a little one for the second, so that she can cut the olothes of the first down and make them over to his successor. Thus, the hard times force home lessons of rigid economy and practical sense upon tender childhood. , "TKN dimes make one dollar," said the Bohoolmoster. "Now, goon, sir. Ten dollars make one-what P" " They make one mighty glad, these times," replied the boy, and the teacher, who had'nt got his last month's salary yet, concluded the boy was about rig hit. TAYLOR BROTHERS' SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, AND COCOA AND MILE, are made iu one minute without boiling. I TAYLOU BROTHERS CIIOOOLATE CREAMS, I (JtiocooATE TABLETS, CHOCOLATE DROPS AND I MARAVILLA CHOOOLATK are highly delicious and wholesome.-Packed in a superior and elegant manner. | TAYLOU BROTHERS' MUSTARD.-Tbe "ChaL* lenge" brand (double superfine quality) iscele bratod for its pnngency, and purity of fiavor. Steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. TAYLOR BROTHERS' HOUQSOPATHIC COCOA. This original preparation, which has attained | such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by Taylor Brothers, under the ablest homoeo pathic) advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh uut. TAYLOR BROTHERS' MARAVILLA COCOA, Taylor Brothers, London, having the exclusive supply of this uurivalled Cocoa, invite com parison with any other Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma-Sauative, Nutritive, and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Sooth ing Refreshment after a late evening. For favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Aferfieal Jonmalt&c.;, &c.; VALUABLE DISOOVERY FOR THE HAIR.- -If your hair is turniug grey or white, or falling off, use "The Mexican Hair Benewer," for it^ will poU~ lively rertoretn evert} COM Orey or White ffatr to its original colour, without leaving the disagree able smell of most " Itestorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands arc not decayed. Ask your Chemist for " THE MEXICAN HAIR HENEWJSK," prepared by HENRY C. GALLUP, 493 Oxford Street, London, and sold by Chemists and Perfumers everywhere at 3s Cd per Bottle. ADVICE TO MOTHERS A*e you broken in your rest by a sick child Buffering with the pain of cut ting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and get H bottle of Miis. WINKLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It it) perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it pro duces natural, miict sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and tho little cherub awakes "tut bright an u button.". It soothes the child and softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, | regulates the bowels, and is the best known I remedy for dysentery and diarrhuea, whether arising froin teo4hing or other causes. Mrs. Window1* Soothing Syrup is sold by Medicine dealers everywhere at Inl^ per bottle. Manu factured at 41W Oxford Street, London. THROAT AFFECTIONS AND HOARSENBHS» -All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarse ness will bo agreeably surprised at tho almost im-. mediate atfovdedby the use of *' Brown's Bronchial Troches/' Those famous "lozenges" arc now sold by most lespoctablc chemists in this country at Is lAd per box. People troubled with a " hncking cough," a " slight cold," or bronchial affections, cannot tiy the in too soon, as similar troubles, if allowed to progress, result in ttctiouB Pulmonary and Asthmatic affections. Sec that the words 41 BrownV Bronchial Troches" are on the Government Stamp uround caoh box. Manufactured by JOHN 1. BHONVN SCSONU, Boston, United States. Depot, 493 Oxford-street, Lou don. *? BERKELEY,Sept. 18G9.-Gentlemen, I feci it a duty 1 owe to you to express tnv gratitude for the great benefit 1 have derived by taking 4 Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for tbe above named Pills, for wiud in tho stomuch, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, lmviiif* tried nearly every roincdy prescribed, but without doriving any benefit utnll. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills, 1 was quite restored to my usual state of health. I'lcascgive this publicity for the benefit of thoue who may thus be afflicted-I am, Sir, yours truly, HENRY ALLPASS.-To tho Proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." FLORILINK!-Foil Yinrrn AND BREATH.-Afew drops of liquid " Pluillino" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush product a pleasant lather, which thoroughly c1oiiusc» the teeth from all parasites or impurities, bunion* tho guins, prevents tartar, stopsdecay, gives the teeth a i»oculiar pearly-white ness, aud a delightful fragranoe to the breath. It removes all unpleawiut odours arising from de cayed teeth or tobacco smoke. u The Fragrant Floriline," being composed iu part of Houuy nnd sweet herlm, in delicious to the taste, nud the greatest toilet discovery of tho age. Price 2s fid, of all Chemists and Perfumers. Prepared by Ucury 0. Gallup, 4^3 O&ford-strcct;, London. 