jp1-1--.- ' - v @4«ral JntjIIigcttO The Upper House negatived the Becond read ing of the Parliamentary Powers Privileges Bill. The Assembly negatived Windeyer's motion to rescind a former resolution of the House abolishing tolls and fefiy dueB. A committee of over 200 citizens of all classes and creeds, hts'been appointed to carry out the object of ejecting a " Mort Memorial." From Strathmore (Queensland) the Port t)eni- feon Timet lately received an account of attacks taade by alligators upon cattle. Aboiit the middle of April the Strathmore people had oc casion to cross the Bowen River to muster cattle. Whilst in the act of crossing a huge alligator f Suddenly made his appearance, but; after a great deal of shouting Was persuaded to move on. It took a few hours to muster the other side, and then they returned to the same Crossing. They had already crossed half of the large mob, when an alligator arose in the falidBt of the Stream and caught a large bullodk by the thigh. The beast made a desperate plunge at the time and got hway> hb the alligators hold was not firm. Find ing himself baulked Of his prey the saurin turned his attention further down the stream, where a poWerftally-framed cow was leading the Becond mob; It took a few seconds to glide down the rapid current, when he jumped out of the water and BeiZed her by the neck. At this crisis the cow had footing, being . in about four or five feet of water. A terrible struggle then ensued, the alligator to pull the cow under and the cow to reach the opposite bank. For a long time the contest was doubtful, but the cow hav ing gained some footing the weight of the alli gator, instead of pulling her under, seemed to give her extra force to stem the current. She 'struggled bravely on, gaining additional strength as the water got shallower, and dragged her enemy right up on the opposite bank, the cow jumping and bellowing all the' time. The sau rian finding himself out of his element released his hold, leaving wounds that are likely to cause the cow's death. The Goulburn Herald says At the Exeeu- ' tive Council held on Monday the cases of the two men who were sentenced to death at the last sittings of the criminal court, before Mr. Justice Manning, were considered. In the one case Jonn Glass was convicted of rape ; and the other Ing Chee (a Chinaman) was adjudged guilty of the murder of another Chinaman. In the case of Glass it could not otherwise be ex pected than that he would have to yield up his life as a result of his veiy cruel offence. . He is a man who bore a good character for his great honesty and good behaviour. He mixed with high society, and was otherwise respected. But in an evil hour — and possibly when the wicked influence of drink had taken possession . of him, as he has since asserted — he intercepted his poor, defenceless victim, and committed the deed which has since sent her — quite a child— to the grave. The outraged laws could not forgive that deed, and an offended community can never forget it. . The saddest part of the cirumstance is that the girl was the only support an aged mother had. The' loss in consequence is a two fold one. This is surely a sad add untimely end for a good, and obedient child to meet with, who was the admired of Goulburn, though so young, for her many qualities. The law is to take its eourse, and the death penalty will there in fore be inflicted. The following is clipped from the Kelso \- Chornicle: — A gentleman of Kelso who owns a retriever, has frequent occasion to take railway journeys, and sometimes makes the dog a fellow- passenger, which seems to fall in very much with his tastes, as he seems to have a desire to enlarge his experience and see the world. But at other times the owner would rather leave the dog at home, which the animal, while knowing ; the master's wish, does not seem at all to relish. On these occasions he sometimes endeavours to be beforehand with his master, and in doing so > often Bhows wonderful instinct, though on a re cent journey he sadly outwitted himself. Not i long ago the gentleman had occasion to go to- S Hawick, and wished to leave the dog at home. | But the animal was quite up to his master's in tention. It accordingly preceded its master to the station, saw him into the carriage and then ; took a different compartment, in order to ensure, = of course that his "journey should not be inter fered with. At Newtown Junction the dog f changed carriages for Hawick along with other passengers whose destination was for the place of manufactures, on reaching which it joined its master with a kind "of expression in its counten- i ance of " Now, let us be friends and enjoy one | another's company." A kindly word and a pat ? on the head made the understanding mutual, j: On a subsequent day this gentleman accompan- ,v ied a friend to the station who intended to pro- ; ceed on a journey by the North British Railway. J The dog thought he saw another surreptitious i journey to Hawick in the air, and resolved on : being one of the company. He set off to the w station, entered a North British carriage, made the change at Newtown, and in due time reached v Hawick, where he left the train to look out for his master and seek by the same means as before f- to gain a like approval. But his proceedings on this occasion had been too precipitate ; for, f after shaking hands with his friend as the train , left, his master returned to the town. How the dog had spent its time at Hawick is not fully f known; but he returned to Kelso next morning % it is thought by train. The wool trade in England is of such extent I that anything connected with it affecting the r public health deserves careful attention. The Lancet calls attention to the fact that the dust comiug out of the material in large quantities is | not only injurious to the sorters by the irri- | tation which it sets up . in the lungs when breathed, but that it has also the power of blood- | poisoning. The dust from some sort of alpacca wool is especially bad in this respect Now, blood-poisoning does not mean danger' only to | the persons primarily affected; The diseases originating- in this way spread rapidly, and are among the most fatal. Means have been de vised for protecting the sorters, though it seems | they are very carefully and partially used. But f- even supposing that the men employed escape or | have the chance of escaping the mischief which threatens their lungs by mechanical irritation, the particles on which the blood-poisoning de- | pends are much more subtle and cannot be fully | guarded against by respiratore. At the same | time the public run not only the risk of having j- the disease communicated to them through in- t fected workmen, but- in the neighbourhood of the factories they are obliged to breathe an | atmosphere loaded with the dust which is blown ; broadcast in the air so as to get it away from the |- premises. It might with ease be put out of the | way at once by burning ; or at least be made I harmless by being brought under the action of | some cheap germ-destroying agent. The health a authorities could surely grapple with an evil jn- like this without seeking any further powers I from the Legislature. I What may happen to a man in Queensland, |, says the Maryborough paper, was painfully ex- W; emplified in the case of the master and mate of - the schooner Ottawa, who were take to Brisbane | in the steamer Edina to abide their trial on the |: charge of having caused the loss of their vessel | through drunkenness. We are assured that these men, whom the hypocrisy of British law | assumes, until formally convicted, to be inno- p- cent, made the voyage to Brisbane in company with and handcuffed to the aboriginal Toby |: under sentence of penal servitude for manslaugh- I ter ; the three occupying a small compartment rf_:. of the hold. Thus these mariners, who at pre- || sent are presumptively innocent, and who even If if found guilty will at most be convicted of a . jjfg thoughtless act, involving no moral turpitude, are treated in all respects like felons under sen- || ten'ce. We should find it difficult to give cre- I! denee to the fact were it not that we have it on 1 the most undoubted authority. Mr. JameB Brunker is a candidate for East Maitland. The Appropriation Bill has passed its third reading,. Mr: THbiiAS Brown, eX-riiember of Parliament for Hartley and proprietor of the Esk Band Colli ery; is dead We believe we are not exaggerating in the least in saying that the greatest feat in " tele phony" ever on this side of the world was achieved oh Saturday afternoon between Mr; Curry, at Goulburn, and Mr. Ambrose, _ at Braidw.pod; when an uninterrupted conversation was carried on for nearly an hour. Not a single word was lost, of had to be repeated, and neither of the above gentlemen spoke in a louder tone than if speaking to each other on opposite sides of the same room, the conversation being as in stantaneous as if both were seated at the same table; Extracts from letters were read, treating of the telephone and its capabilities, and com ments made thereon with the same rapidity and distinctness as if both speakers were side by side. One very remarkable feature in this interesting and' highly successful test was that the crackling noise usually heard when using the telephone was not perceptible at either end. When it is considered the distance between Braidwood and Goulburn is little short of sixty miles, we think we are justified in saying this performance with the telephone has never been equalled in the colonies.- — Dispatch. A destructive fire, the act no doubt of an incendiary, recently occurred at Albion Park, near Woolongong, by w.hich Mr. E. H. Weston, a well known and much respected gentleman jof that district, is made a heavy loser. At mid night on the 24th ultimo, Mr. Weston discovered that one of the largest of his stacks of hay were in flames. To extinguish the flames was utterly impossible, as the whole stack and shed were literally wrapped in fllme, and in a few moments became a mass of ashes. Near the spot was found a flask containing spirits, and three anony mous letters which stated the intention of the writer, and clearly proved that the affair had been deliberately planned by one or more per sons. The loss sustained was about £200. This is the third time that Mr; Weston has been sub jected -to the diabolical work of an incendiary. About the beginning of last year he had a large stack of hay and a shed consumed by fire, and some weeks ago a very valuable horse Of his was found dead, having succumbed through foul means. The only reason assigned for these dar ing outrages is that whilst Mr. Weston was in the capacity of agent for a large estate the lea ses of several tenants expired, and the land was then let .to a Mr. Raftres, whereby some of the tenants were obliged to vacate their farms. It is reasonably thought that one or more of them had determined to avenge themselves on Mr.' Weston, "who, however, had no part in the leas ing of the land. The result of the inquiery held on the fire was that it was the work of an incen diary, and the Government was urged to offer a liberal reward that might lead to a conviction.— Evening News. Caught a Tartar. — The following plucky, conduct of a gentleman from Glen Innes is re- corded in a Sydney exchange :— Mr. W. J. Fer- gusson, solicitor, was assaulted on Monday night in that classic region, Sussex-street, near Bathurst street, by a ferocious young larrikin, named W. Quinn, one of the No. 2 " Forties," who rushed out of a lane, and suddenly assaulted Mr. Fer- gusson, knocking him down, whereupon three or four young ruffians pounced on the prostrate man, and one of them tried (fortunately in vain) to wrest his watch from him. Fergusson, with great pluck and agility, regained his feet, hit out right and. left at the young robbers, disper sed the mob, and then chased and soon seized Quinn, whom he held in his grip till he gave him in charge. The larrikin- assailant was committed to take his trial at the Water Police Court on Thursday, for the assault. A few plucky men, acting in a similar manner, would soon inspire in the West-side rowdies a wholesome terror, for the miseerants are as destardly as they are stealth ily ferocious. Some considerable excitement was caused on Friday last among the sporting fraternity, both resident and visitors, by a novel wager, which proves that bookmakers and betting men can knuckle down to hard work when there is sport ing excitement and good pay hanging to it. The incident we are about to relate, we believe, arose from a gentleman taking a fancy to a large pumpkin at Mr. George Matthews', Kelso, and the gentleman being informed that if he would carry it himself he would be welcome to it. The weight of the pumpkin was nearly 521bs. This was a chance not to be lost by bet ting men, and a wager was laid with Mr. H. Oxley that he would not carry the pumpkin from Mr. George Matthews' Sportsman's Arms, Kelso, to Mr. George Denny's Royal Hotel, Bathurst (a distance of 1£ miles), the weight to be carried in one position and without stoppage. The wager for this was for the sum of £150. Mr. Oxley also took a double for £150 dependent on winning the first wager and Goulburn in the Steeplechase. A very large concourse of spec tators followed Mr. Oxley as he walked from Kelso to Bathurst with the monster pumpkin well balanced on bis head, and on bis accom plishing the feat, which he did in fine time, and in a remarkably easy manner, he was received at the Royal most enthusiastically by the large numbers there awaiting him. Of course, the first wager was won, with one leg in for the double event. Before removing the pumpkin from his head, Mr. Oxley offered a level bet of £500 that he would then and there proceed with the same condition as then completed and cany the weight ten miles. without a rest. There was no sportsman present would take the offer. — Western Independent. Further details are to hand by the San Fran cisco mail of the assassination of the Earl of Leitrim. The Earl, his clerk, and the driver of the vehicle in which the party werebeing driven, were assassinated on the morning of April 2nd, while near his Lordship's Lodge at Manor Vau- gham, County Derry. The body of the murdered Earl was found in a ditch, the left . side of the head being battered in. -The deceased had also received a shot wound in the head, but the fatal shot had been one through the heart. His left arm was broken, and his right completely shat tered. Both clerk and driver had been shot through the head. The ground showed traces of a hard struggle, and a fowling piece and part of another were found. Three or four men were observed loitering near the scene of the outrage just before the Earl and his party appeared. News has been received at Port Darwin of a great shipping disaster. The barque Alexan dra, belonging to Sydney, has been totally destroyed by fire at sea whilst on a voyage from Newcastle to Timor. She had 80 horses on board, and whilst the fire was raging, the scene j was terrible to behold. Most of the horses were literally roasted alive. A few managed to jump overboard and were, of course, drowned. The crew fortunately were saved, though there was barely time for them to take to the boats, so rapidly did the flames spread. They succeeded in reaching Port Hull in the boats after suffer ing severe privations. The Alexandra was in sured in the Australian Alliance Office for £3,200, of which £2,450 had been re-insured. The name of the master is Lamont. Captain Broom- field, of Sydney, was the ewiler. The "biter bitten" has recently occunred at Deniliquin, where a person wounded himself with a view of posturing on another the crime of attempted murder while he attempted the same himself, and was convicted and sentenced to three years' imprisonment for it. The Herald 8 correspondent gives the following account or the case: — In September last there had been a dispute between Falkener and Thompson with respect to some wages, and the Court decided in favour of the latter. It appered from the evi dence that Falkener, after, this decision pur chased a revolver and cartridges, and on the day mentioned above waylaid Thompson while he was driving a cart on W arbreccan station, and fired three times at him ; the horse bolted with Thompson, and probably owing to this circum stance none of the shots took effect. _ An hour or so after Falkener was found lying on the roadside bleeding from a bullet wound in his breast,- and was removed to the hospital, where, as he was believed to be in a critical state,, his deposition was taken, and in it he charged Thompson with having inflicted the wound, Thompson was arrested, and, as Falkener peme- ted in his story, was committed for trial. Fal- keners version of the affair, however, was not believed, and as soon as he was sufficiently re covered to be moved from the hospital, he was arrested on a charge of shooting ai Thompson with the intent to murder him, and was also committed for trial. Thompson was tried at the last Circuit Court and acquitted, and Falken- ers' case was held over to this Court. The evi dence given as to Falkener's conduct previous to -the affray, and threats he had made use of with respect to Thompson, left no room for doubt that, after firing at Thompson, he had shot himself, and, spurred on by disappointed revenge, had deliberately made a false accusa tion against the man he had attempted to kill. The jury, after hearing the evidence, found a verdict of guilty, and Falkener was sentenced to three years' imprisonment in Deniliquin gaol, with hard labour. At Gisborne, in Victoria, there is a natural gas well, which was, of course, visited by the Rev. Charles Clark and a local newspaper repor ter on the invitation of the landlord. The in vestigation is thus described— by the reporter of course : — " ' You see,' said Mr. Saunders, 'this is the overflow-pipe, and until the water runs out here there can be no gas in the tanks. The lecturer looked as if he didn't believe this state ment, po he observed, ' But surely there must be some gas in the tank.' Mr. Saunders was sure there was no gas, and just to prove it he lighted a match and applied it to the overflow- pipe. Then there was trouble round that tank Fiz 1 fiz 1 bing 1 bang 1 pop 1 The sides of the tank swelled and contracted, and eventually the top blew off. The eminent lecturer at the first ' fiz' struck a bee line for a shed, and our repre sentative was about two blocks off before any one could say 'knife.' The way that elocution ist travelled it was a caution. He just gave two bounds, cleared the fence, and was non est inven tus in less time than it takes to write the words. Mr. Saunders didn't remain stationary ; he moved away too, and with an amount of alacrity which did him infinite credit. After the scene was over the scientific party returned, when Mr. Clark, in a most solemn manner, exclaimed, ' Saunders, thore must have been some gas in that tank.' The bonif ace didn't remark anything but the expression on his countenance seemed to say, ' I believe you, my boy.' "t— iegles, in Australasian. " . . A curious blunder is made in the Times' re port of the. second speech of Prince Bismafck'-iri ) reply to Herr Windhorst. He is "made to say "of Count Andrassy, "he is as Sure of my telling him the truth as I am of his telling me the truth. I confess that in former years I did not believe a word of what he told me, and also re garded his every asservation as so much moon shine" This, if it had been said, might well have been considered highly offensive by Count Andrassy. It was not said, however. The Prince drew a distinction between Count And rassy and former Austrian statesmen. Formerly, he said in effect, he could not believe a word Austrian statesmen said ; he regarded their as surances as nothing more than moonshine, or than the wind blowing down the chimney. Now, however, it was different. He could trust Andrassy, who could also trust him. The differ ence it will be seen is important. A melancholy scene was witnessed at St. Paul's Church, Clapham, during tho service on Sunday morning, February 24. The Rev. Mr. Barston, a curate who had lately come to the . parish church, officiated. During the earlier part of the service his wild and eccentric man ner was noticed by the congregation, but as it proceeded it was more and more marked. The first "Psalm of the day, the 116th, he read in a loud and excited tone, and when .he came to the verse, " The pains of hell got hold upon me ; I shall find trouble and heaviness, and I will call upon the name of the Lord," he suddenly stop ped short, glared wildly at the congregation, throwing his arms frantically around his head, shouted out again and again, " I will call on him 1 Yes, by Heaven, I will." The people were seized with panic, and the ladies present rushed to the doors, while several gentlemen ran uy to seize Mr. Barston, who had fallen hea vily from the reading-desk to the floor. Rising, however, before they could reach him, he ran down one of the aisles behind the retreating peo ple, and his running and shouting increased the alarm. The screams and shrieks were terrible. Several ladies fainted. On reaching tho door he was seized by several men, who threw him on the mat, while the sexton ran for a doctor. Here, however, he became furious, and made such desperate struggles to get away that eight people were required to hold him down, while at the same time he continued shouting out, " I will, I will call on his name, by God I will ; O Lord, deliver me." A doctor who had been brought from a neighbouring church, soon ar rived', and the curate, now grown considerably weak, was put in a carriage and taken home. Several people were hurt but not seriously, by being crushed against the doors in coming out, but the scene was a most terrible and painful one. Mr. Barston, on entering the vestry in the morning, told the sexton he had not slept for four nights, and seemed unusually haggared and excited. He. has it appears been studying lately for an examination. A crowded meeting was held in the City Hall, Glasgow, on 12th March, to protest against the establishment of the Romanish hierarchy in . Scotland. The first resolution declared that, qs Popery was not only a religion but a scheme of government, it was the duty of every patriot to resist the attempt oT the Romanish Church to introduce her government into the country. " The second resolution affirmed that the hierarchy would mean the institution of a separate nation ality, and was unnecessary, as Roman Catholics had the fullest liberty. The third resolution pledged the meeting to use every means to pre vent the accomplishment of the measure, : . One of the requisite wonders of the. sea," in a floral point of view, is called the opelet, and ' is about as large as the German aster, with a great ' many long petals of n brightrgreen colour, glossy as satin, and each one tipped with rose - colour. These lovely petals do not lie quietly in their places, but wave about in the water, while the opelet clings to a rock. How inno cent and lovely it looks on its rocky bed ! Who would suspect that it would eat anything grosser than dew or sunlight? But these beautiful waving arms, as you call them, have use besides looking pretty. They have to provide for a large, open mouth, which is hidden down deep among them— so hidden that one can -scarcely find it. Well do they perform their duty, for the instant a foolish little fish touches one of the rosy tips, he is struck with poison as fatal to him ub lightning. He immediately becomes numb, and in a moment stops struggling, and then the other arms wrap themselves around him, and he is drawn into the huge, greedy mouth, and is seen no more. Then the lovely arms unclose and wave again in the water. -A gentleman named Romanes has been anxi-- ous to find out whether dogs are believers in ghosts and spiritualism, and has been making experiments accordingly, with results for a knowledge of which the world is indebted to the New York Timet Mr. Romanes began his re searches into these .mysteries with a bone ; and this, the critic says of him, " is alone sufficient to show the heartless and irreverent character of the man. If there is anything which a dog holds as peculiarly Baered it is a bone. A terrier will submit to be deluded by false representations that there are eligible cats in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of rats, but he feels that bones are too sacred to be made the subject of jest." Mr. Romanes, however, took the bone, and tied around it a thin silken thread ; and just as the little Scotch terrier with which his investigations were conducted was in the act of seizing it, his master slowly drew it away. The poor dog regarded the moving bone with an amazement which found expression in erect ears and a tail gradually thrust between his hind legs, and becoming convinced, as Mr. Romanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, incontinently led, howling dismally. On the whole, the Times considers that the dog be haved much more sensibly than many men would have done under a similar belief. " In all pro bability," the journal says, "had Mr. Romanes ever seen a piece of roast beef in the act of cruising unassisted around the table, he would instantly have asked it preposterous questions, and would subsequently have let his hair grown long, and have become a confirmed Spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these things, but as soon as he decided that he had seen a spiritual bone, he refused to have anything more to do with it, and continued to wear bis hair of usual length, and to cling to that faith in which he was educated." Mr. Romanes was not yet satisfied however. He took a pipe, got some soap and water, and began to blow some bubbles along the floor. It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were not a new kind of particularly dangerous rat, but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed. He tried a second and it likewise vanished, and then, recollections of the ghostly bone overwhelming him, again he fled. Still Mr. Romanes was not satisfied, He proceeded to "'make faces" at his victim, Jand the grimaces he made were to hideously ugly that we are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost he had ever seen, whereupon he crept under the sofa and tried to die. Lovers of dogs will sympathise with the poor little terrier ; and if Mr. Romanes continues his investigation will hardly regret to -hear that he has had to deal with a larger dog which pursues a more spirited policy with re gard to ghosts. — The Evening Standard. A correspondent of the Times, writing from Gallipoli, says, — " The history of Gallipoli is in teresting from its connection with the Mahome tan power in Europe. It was the first place taken hy the Turks, and their recent reverses incline them to regard it now as their last strong hold against the Muscovite conqueror. One of the most flourishing towns in the Hellespontus, it declined after the rise of Constantinople, and towards the close of the Byzantine Empire was an insignificant village. Under the Mahome- dans, however, it became again a place of im portance, and regained: its former prosperity. At the beginning of the present century the population was 80,000, but since then it has fallen rapidly, and at present does not amount to more than 12,000. Looked at from a strategic point of view, its position is admirable. The earthworks thrown np by the Allied Armies in :'the Crimean. War have lately been repaired, and there is every reason to believe that the Turkish troops here at present, though numbering on/y some 22,000, would be able to hold them against any force the Russians could bring up — that is, -if both sides of the Chersonesus are defended by our fleet. A finer body of men physically than those troops it would be difficult to find. Not withstanding their recent terrible losses,. they seem in good health and spirits. They have, however, no confidence in their generals, whose conduct, with few exceptions, has been through out one of unexampled corruption and incompe tence." . Never at any period during the Turkish war (says the European Mail) have the Russian Go vernment departments been so busy as they are now. It is chiefly in the naval establishments at Cronstadt and St. Petersburg that activity most prevails, the intention of the Government being to send out the Baltic fleet with the engines and everything in working order at the first movement of the ice. And as most of the iron clads are deeply in need of repairs the authori ties will have their hands full till next June. At St. Petersburg incessant pressure is being put on the private firms who have contracted for the 50 torpedo cutters to complete portions of their work with the utmost urgency, and im mediately a torpedo steamer is ready it is des patched by special train to Sebastopol, whence it is sent to sea to some destination on the Turk ish coast. The ports on the Black Sea having withstood Hobart Pasha's fleet are considered sufficiently strong to resist any other, and there fore no alterations are being made at them ; but at Olchakoff there is an exception to the rule, the batteries being ' strengthened with guns of heavier calibre in order to frustrate any attempt to seize Nicolaioff. It is considered very improb able that Russia will make any serious move ment at Constantinople till she has consolidated her naval position on the Marmora, and transpor ted the stores which are gathered in Buch im mense quantities along the Roumanian frontier. The Government vessels are now actively em ployed in conveying stores from Odessa to Midiah. A telegram from Brisbane to the Evening News of Thursday, says ' The warden Of the Hodgkinson telegraphs that he visited Percy Falls, 100 miles from George Town, to inquire as to the reported murder of a European miner. He found the remains of the unfortunate man roasted and partially devoured by the blacks. He tracked the natives to the Conglomerate, but was compelled to return. The murdered man's name was Samuel-Gross. We (Tumut Times) are informed that a mob of cattle belonging to Mr, McKenzie, butcher of Cootamundra, that had been travelling for about a week, were put into a paddock at Brungle for the night, and on the following morning "the person in charge was astonished to find the dead carcases of 35 head, very much swollen, this , mortality having been caused by their eating a poisonous thistle of a green and white colour which occupies the place of grass thereabouts. It also abounds all over the Brungle run and the adjoining selections, and will in a short time if not eradicated over-run all the land in that locality ; consequently the mortality amongst live stock depasturing thereon will be something alarming, and the landed property must as a natural consequence deteriorate in value. At the present time, in fact, owners of stock are afraid to risk cattle or sheep on this pasture. At Gundagai, we learn that Mr. McKenzie lost 15 head more from the same cause, "The Section which conspicuously brings out the enormous strength of America as a produc ing power is that of tools, and still more es pecially the vast array of machine tools, for metal, which are the parents of all other ma chines. More than 100 exhibitors have each a group that commands the admiration of all who take the trouble to examine them in detal. These, too, are for all purposes— small arms, sewing machines, decks, watches, and all branches of machine-making and engineering, and almost air are finished in a style superior to that of any former Exhibition. Probably, the most exquisite set of . machine tools ever made is- that exhibited by the American Watch Cpm- pany of Massachusetts. No mere words can convey an idea of their high standard of excel lence; they must be felt and handled. What the Whitworth gauges are to true circles, these lathes and tools are to all forms required in the manufacture of watches; Add to this great convenience in arrangement; and fitness to pro duce the parts of a watch bo exact as to be al most interchangeable." — The Timet. t At Salisbury (South Australia), during the voting for the district of Yatala (states the Bgnyip), a blind elector came to vote, and some difficulty was experienced as to how it could be managed. Mr. F. H. Winckle, the returning officer, devised the following plan, : — A piece of thick cardboard was procured and cut to the size of the voting-paper pinned . to the card board. The elector was informed that these squares went alphabetically, and by feeling for the square opposite the candidate he intended voting for was thus enabled to place his cross. Detaching the paper from the cardboard and folding it up he secured bis franchise. A little girl, daughter of Mr. William His- cocks, of Bankside, Logan River, died on the morning of the 30th ultimo, under very distress ing circumstances. The deceased and her brother, about five years of age) during the absence of their parents on the previous day, took from a table in the sitting-room a bottle containing about a pint of rum When the parents re turned they found some of the liquor spilled about the place, and in a Bhort time the child ren began to show signs of having drunk some of it. Emetics were given to both, and the boy got better towards the afternoon, and subse quently recovered. The girl, however, who bad not long recovered from an attack of illness, grew worse, was attacked with convulsions at night, and died at 2 o'clock on the morning of- the 30th. The father, in reply to enquiries in stituted by Mr. Macdonald, J.P., stated that he and others had drunk some of the rum the night before, and that he'believed it to be good and free from adulteration. — Courier. The correspondent of the Timet , telegraphing from Pera on February 26, says .—"1 rode from San Stefano, through the lines of the two armies, thi6 afternoon,. passing through Stamboul on to Pera. The little river Kura Su separates the two lines. The bridge over this stream is about 100 feet in length. The Russians sentries stand at the southern end of the bridge, and two Turks at the other. No passes are demanded of civilians I saw hundreds of people passing and re-passing without a word of enquiry being-ad- dressed them from any of the sentries. The Turkish troops, leaving their former position on the Hademkoi lines, march along the roads to wards Constantinople in company with strag gling Russians. All are fully armed, but they fraternise together in a most remarkable'manner. I consider the present relations between the officers and soldiers of the two armies, as ob served at various points, to be one of the most extraordinary incidents of this war, and, indeed, fit to excite astonishment in any war. I met several crowds of Arab recruits in the streets of Stamboul. They had just received their uni forms. Everything was perfectly quiet in all the Turkish quarters of the capital. The re lations above referred to between the lines on the Kura Su were only initiated within the last 24 honiB. Previously there was a considerable interval between the pickets. This fact, coupled with the singular absence of anything like hos tility, suggests that the final arrangement of peace must be nearly consummated. Turkish troops still remain at Hademkoi and other stations between there and San Stefano. This mixing up of the two armies is certainly an anomaly in warfare." On Saturday, at the Springs Station, the de parture of the morning train created a little more than ordinary interest. Two excited indi viduals (says the Corowa Free Press) were ob served clinging tenaciously to the guard's van, and loud cries to stop the slowly-advancing train at length attracted the driver's attention, who did as requested. Then came a scene. Mr.Jas. O'Brien, the well-known sporting publican, was one of the persons concerned, and no sooner had . he regained his feet, than he, very properly, as the sequel Bhowed, put his clinging partner into chancery. This individual, who for the present shall be nameless, frantically endeavoured to shelter himself behind Mr. Phillips, begging piteously. to be saved-. Mr. O'Brien, finding he had such poor game to deal with, considerately allowed his adversary to escape, which the fel low did with all celerity, taking refuge in Mr. . John Oit's office, where he was kept in a state of terror for two or three hours — to the great enjoyment of the onlookers, who lost no oppor tunity of augmenting his fears. The cause of the scene was that the levanter, who has been employed in the office of the Ovens and Murray Forwarding Company for a few weeks, had run up . a score at O'Brien's for board, lodging, and etceteras. Mr. O'Brien suspected that he was trying to clear out, and was on the watch, bnt he was not a moment too soon, as the scamp, was just getting into, the train when Mr. O'Brien -seized him, and held him—with the above result. Another publican who had a score against the defaulter of some six shillings, rushed bravely up to him while in Orr's office and snatched his hat off his head. A clean sweep had been pre meditated, for clothing, effects, etc., even to his watch and chain, had been sent on to Melbourne, and, as the culprit in his abject terror himsef observed when caught, he must be "a born swindler." With reference to the recent attempt to in duce the volunteers to assemble in Hyde Park to pass a resolution, on the Eastern Question, the following district order has been issued from the Horse Guards: "The Major- general (command ing home district) desireB that commanding of ficers of volunteer regiments will explain clearly to their men that volunteers, equally with her majesty's other troops, are forbidden to take part in any meetings, demonstrations, or proces sions for party or political purposes. By order. . (Signed) H. Blundell, Lieutenant-Colonel." We clip the following from the Bendigo Ad vertiser One of the financial agents" whose business it is to go about the country winding up the affairs of insolvent estates was staying at one of our hotels lately, and on retiring to rest at rather late hour in the night, requested to be awakened at daybreak to catch an early train. Just as Phocebus opened his golden gates the night porter thundered at bis bedroom door, and the agent, not more than half awake, asked what was the matter. " Day is breaking, sir, " replied the porter. "Is he," growled the half-asleep man, " what are his assets and liabilities ?" 