CHURCH OF ANGCAND MISSIONS. The Assembly of the Church of Kngland in Victoria, at its late session, recommended that on WhitSundny collections on bohnlf of Chinese and Aboriginal missions should he made ia all churches and Sunday schools throughput the diocese. Sermons were yesterday preached in accordance therewith in the churches, the Bishop of Melbourne beiog the preacher at Christ Church, St. Kilds. The edifice was densely crowded, extra seats placed in the aisles being filled. The Bishop's text was Acts, ii., v. 33: — " Therefore, being by the right hand of God exnlted, and having received of tho Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, he hath shed forth this, which ye now Bee and hear." The first point of inquiry was what had been shed forth of which it waa said all had seen and heard it? It was tbe gift of tbe Holy Spirit that had been promised by Jesus to comfort the disciples after his departure, and thereby be bad poured out all his gifts, that being ths greatest. The object of that giftwas to sanctify the whole human race; to transform them from followers of sin into lovers of ho. liness. He was aware it was being asked at the present time, if this gift were so efiioa. eious as stated, why had it not been given sooner, and why did it uot now produce greater effects on tho hearts and lives of the human race. It waB only natural that such questions should arise, and that tbey should be replied to. It appeared, however, that the questioners held 'a very unphilo. sophical and erroneous opinion of humanity, as they seemed to think that man was to be forced by divine power to be what God would have him to be. That was utterly wrong, for God could not compel mankind to ire good, because compulsion was utterly contradictory to all the ways nnd the works of God with man. If suob compulsion were used, man would be in the same condition as the heasts were — he would bave no power to exercise his will, and would be good because be cnuld not help it. Aa to the questions, the answers were that the gift of the Holy Spirit bad not boen conferred before because the world was not ready to profit by tbe gilt before tho time it was bestowed, and it bad not prevailed to a greater extent up to the present time because God could not force the will of man without destroying his re sponsibility by depriving him of tho power to choose between good and evil, it took time to form a State, or to complete a work ; and so with Christianity, ft bad to be \- built up gradually until, in God's time, nations would bo born in a day. But some might ask, while the world was getting ready, what would become of the heathen, who were necessarily ignor ant of the word of God, and had no oppor tunity of hearing it. One of the saddest mistakes ever made by Christians was to assume that there was no salvation but through Christ. In early life he had been greatly pained when he had heard good men plead for the support of missions to tbe heathen on tbe ground that they wonld all be damned nnless tbey could have the gospel preaohed to them. Such an idea was op posed to apostolic teaching. St. Paul said — "But the times of this ignoranoe God winked at ;" and again he had stated that in the day of judgment God wonld judge men by tbe law of God which was written on their hearts. St. John had said, speaking of Chriet as the Word, that he "was tho true light who lighteth every man that eometh into the world." Not only that, but God's moral law was wider than the New Testament, and the heathen had that. Besides that, the probation cf the heathen was ex tended longer than in this life. He wished to speak upon that point so that he should not oe mlsacdsestood, as he found tbe state ment iu Scripture, and therefore believed it. St. Peter sale that Christ "went and preaohed unto tbe Bpirits in prison," thereby dispell, ing their ignorance and teaching them the truth ; and during those times of preparation and discipline through whioh tbey would pass tbe Almighty would deal with them as just and holjLGod. It might be said that such teaching would paralyse Christian missions, aa it might lead men to plead that tbey were unnecessary, as God could do this work in his own time. He prayed God to forgive anv who ehonld act in such a aelfiah manner. It was imperative upon all to do all they conld to banish sin and misery out of the world, aud he woald ask what would be thought of the ministers of any state who should say, Let the king do his own work. ' Bnt that waa what Christian men really said who, finding God was acting in a just aud merciful way, should say. Let Him do His own work. Here, at their own doors, there were thousands and myriads of heathen who needed the preach ing of the gospel, and tbey must not be neglected. They should therefore be up and doing, and then if sin and misery did prevail, it wonld not be on account of their auptneness or neglect of God's commands. The offertory collsotian was afterwards made, the proceeds being devoted to mission | funds. . 