Things in. General. By Simon. . Tasmania is to bo cordially congratu lated upon tho doparturo of that arrant knave, Colonel Groy. That tho ancients know their way about no classical, scholar will deny ; but for puro and unsophisti cated rascality, loavo it to Groy. Tho old 'tins wore satisfied with placing n grinning Bkull in a prominent position on their festive boards ; hut tho Colonel goes much farther than that. Seeing that noither "salt" nor "seduction" was sufficient to aid him in accomplishing his base purpose— obtaining tho payment of his cquitablo claim — ho luid tho tin- paralleled audacity to try to got at his guests iu tho Town Hall last Wednes day night by showing thorn soveral life- sized ghosts immediately before sitting down to snppor. Mr. Davison assisted in tho scandalous proceeding ; and tho soouor ho gets his monoy and clears out, tho bottor it will be for society— male, fomntc, and othorwiso. Tlio petition which was last Monday presoiitod by tho police to tho City Coun cil, and which will doubtless come huforo that body again this ovoning, should cithor receive no consideration whatever or bo laughed all the way to scorn mid back again. Y/liat is it to tho citizens that tho bobbies nro out day and night, iu wet weather and in cold ? Nothing 1 Absolutely nothing 1 What is it to tho burgesses that burglary has bocomo nlniOHt unknown in Holuirt through the watchfulness of tho constables I Smoothing ! Absolutely something, ho- oauso tho sensation readers nro de frauded of their legitimate pabulum. What is it to everybody or anybody that through their unwearying oxortious they havo transformed into otio of tlio best- conducted centros of population in Austral asia that which was formerly a perfect pandemonium 1 What is it that when thoy are insulted, culled, knocked down and lcickod for falling by a numerous baud of cowardly larrikins, tho offender, if subsequently captured, oro "cautioned" or perhaps treated to half tho punishment liietod out to puor wretches who say, " Please give mo a penny for bread i" What is it to us that whon maimed thoy are given about tho price of a crutch ; or that when killed iu tlio execution of their duty their sur viving families are forwarded to a clmritablo institution wiih sotno ugly naino that evor afterwards sticks to ilium liko a blistor 1 Ridiculous ! Tiiuir com plaints nro frivolous and their petition should bo shelved. What's tho use of a wasto paper bnskot if not to rocoivo such unmeaning documents and keep them until thoy arn sold at some throe or four pcnco por pound 7 Our volunteers intended marching out last Saturday ; but, to their infinite disgust, they found themselves black balled by tho olllcinl who regulates tha signals at tlio top of the flagstaff at tho ronr of tlio Town lJall. Some of tho moro reckless of thorn and some who aro rather promiscuous in thoir pronunciation —say they'll march lioxt time " woathor or no." if they had tho least spark of dcconcy loft in them, thoy wouldn't try to bo so disgustingly original. I enjoyed inysolf so much at tho amusoments presented in tho Thontro .lloyal and the Tnsmaniaii Hull last week that I didn't euro about looking out any for other pooplo. " Two Can Play at That Game" was n well set gein ; and " Forbiddou Fruit" reminded mo of my old friond Dion Boucicnult, ami Eden. YoungSylvoster is a worthy chip ofi the old block ; Miss Nordt is a highly accom plished musician ; nud Voltaire is ex ceedingly clever. 1 know that some people won't boliovo this because 1 say it ; but I don't care much about that. I was always partial to lazy follows ; and, at tho request of a fow of those who cheated tlio six - or - sovon - and - tironty columns of Parliamentary reports that appeared in tho "Tribune" during the post wcok I cheorfully consontod to boil thorn down at tho very reasonable charge of £3 3s. por superficial yard (togother with inserting anything that might havo boon omittud). I fear I will yet become a " hireling," and got branded as such ; but hero is tho result of my arduous exortions : — On Tuesday tho Council rccoivod a petition praying that all election days should bo turned into Sundays, so fur ns public houses wero concerned. It was signed by 29 " heads of families," and it was proposod that tho Houso should go " heads or tails " as to whether it should or should not be road. " Heads " won, Mr. Chapman re-oponcd tho Main Lino question, and some star tingly novel things wero brought to light. It transpired that the railway was not perfect, but that tho sorvice had been safely and faithfully performed for years. Mr. Chapman said that the country had boon " sold " by the Premier and the Attornoy-Goneral, (Torts.) Tho Railway Purcliaso Bill, providing that members of tho Lowor House should bo gagged niHlliatid-cuflbd, was passed and sent to tho Assembly, but not in " good form," as will subse quently be soon. The socond reading of tho Volunteer Bill was agreed to after Mr. Grubb had vainly lamented tho ex penditure. Mr. Chapman displayed somo very touching iimoconco when he con tended that the Commander-in-Chief should rocoivo his instructions from Par liament. His wishes will bo communi cated to tho War Office and " told to tlio marines." In tho Assembly tlio Bnnkors' Law Bill received tho final touch (in that House). It is to bo regretted that an im portant amendment, to tlio effect that all persons should bo entitled to overdrafts to any extont thoy pleased, fell to tlio ground and still ronuiins thore. Messrs. Grubb and Gollibrand brought down a nuiro's nest from the Council and ob tained loavo to take it buck agnin. Tho rest of tho evening was pretty woll occupied by tho Presbyterian Bill which drew an excellent Houao. On Wednosday tho Council pntehod up thoir Railway Purcliaso or Gagging ami Handcuffing Bill and tried it a second timo on tho Assembly ; but it wouldn't take anyhow. Messrs. Grubb and Gelli- . brand once moro roturncd to tlieir own Houao with thoir fingers in tlieir mouths, thoir bill being almost, unanimously sat down upon. I say almost, becauso Mr. Gollibrand (tho apostle) didn't liko to soo his lion, brother iu tho Upper House figuring so very like a guy in the Lowor one. Air. Chapman notified that ho would next- day ' ask somo astounding questions as to lighthouses ; and )m shortly afterwards procecdod to deal with tho Volunteer Bill. That modesty for which he is proverbial prevented him from saying so in express tortus, but it was evident ho looked upon himself as the only gentleman by whom tho captains should bo appointed. The. civilian . soldiers wero next disfran chised, lest any, of them might happon to vote tlio wrong.way, A little moro " rail way " brought tho sitting to a close. Iti the Assembly Air. limes' preamble to tlio Interest Bill proved a little too still' for most mcmbors. The Premier objoctcd to the preliminary cantor, aud tlio matter wnB postponed. To save lion, members from being "seduced " at the ball given by Colonel Gray and Mr. Davison iu tho Town Hall, tho Government kept back the important business and trotted out the Gamo Bill, tho consideration of which oxtondod ovor several hours. It was, for obvious reasons, agrood that " cockatoos" perched on squatting-farms should bo cxctudcd from tho provisions of tho bill. Air. Snlior mado a brilliant speech, and, just before his magnificent peroration, vory happily intrnducod a rather ancient conundrum. " Why," ho asked, "would an owl bo voxed if you called him a pnrlridgo?" The committee having unanimously given it up, lie replied, amidst roars of legislative laughtor, " Bo- cause that would bo making gamo of him ! " So unusual and demonstrative wns tho amusement occasioned by this salty of Mr. Salier that oven tho Speaker was observed to enter in and ask, what on earth could bo tho matter. A lengthy and acrimonious debate ensued, as to whothor a flying 'possum was or was not a bird. It was evontually agrood that the voxod quostion should stand over for decision by tlio uoxb baud of Negro minstrels that would favor tho city with a visit. If lion, inombors would but always sink thoir dooply-rootod convictions in tho publio good, as they did in tho instance referred to, they would much ondcar themselves to a gratoful country. Mr. Bnlfo staggorod all tho lawyora in tho Houso by inquiring whothor, after tho passing of the bill, it would bo lawful for a bird to hutch her eggs outsido of the close season. This im portant point is to be submitted for tho opinion of English counsel, but it is not boliovcd that Uolkcr, Bonjnmin, and Go. will ho consulted. Thoy know a trillu too much. During tlio dhfcussion several outragoouH puna woro mado on almost every word that could apply to tho feathered iribo. Thoir rascality consisted for tho gruator part in tlio novelty and unexpectedness arising from tho shameful abuse of rivo words that agree in tho sound but differ iu tlio sense, sueh as " clauso 2 " and " two claws " bill," as tlio mouthpieco of a bird, and "Bill" as an incipient Act of Parliament — but why prolong tho agony 1 It is moro than pro bable that four out of ovory five of those who thus disgraced themselves will meet with the rotributivo justice they desorve tho next timo they present thcmaolves bofore their grossly misrepresented con stituents. However, long after he should have gone to rooat, or to havo a fly around tho Town Hnll, tho Aliuistcr of Lands coolly invited tho Houso to read (and for a second timo too) tho Public Works Amendment Bill. The Houso didn't soo it, and tlio amendment of thetnossuro wa postponed. Her Majesty tho Queen wns next vory loyally chaffed about that " peace " which moro than half the world is laughiug at ; and somo popular readings by tho apostolic Gollibrand brought the entertainment to a close. On Thursday tlio last-named honorable niul irnto moinbor mado another dosporato attempt to got Gollibrand "froro" (W.A.B.) out of tho ridiculous position iu which he hnd placed himself with regard to tlio Railway Purcliaso Bill ; but tlio vordiot was " No Go " Pardon I I. must give prido of plnco to tho Council, in whoso Chamber there was played, on tho saino ovoning, another act in Mn Grubb's somewhat extended farce. Air. Chapman apponrod in a new role— that of body- suatchor— and ho is at present searching tho records to find out what on earth became of, Air. Grubb's ill-fated measure. I thought anybody could havo told him that I Air. Aikenhcad (one of tho " pa triotic" members) was delighted with the Alain Line Company for bo damaging the credit of the colony that it could borrow no moro monoy; and ho thought tho Promior should bo iin"i'B.i<Jii"od, onouf tho fruits of the contract drawn up by him being the imut'BAit"od UHofulnoBS of tlio railway, Huturning to the Assembly, I may say that Mr. Dooley was granted ono out of several romiosts ho had made, and that Air. .lust glanced at tlio subject of arbitra tion. Ho liked tho look of it so much that, although suffering from a bad cold, he stuck to it for an hour and a half. On Friday tlio Council road tho Local Public Works Amendment Bill a second time. It's only a one-horse bill on paper, containing only four or fivo clauses and covering only half a page of paper ; but a good deal of injury is confidently hoped to result from it, as it ropoals what is generally regarded as one of the most useful Acts ever passed in Tasmania. 