;u; I MACBETH. .. / Mr. Thom.is Kenny, a clevei" essay- Fist, and who has written- most ably on f the subject of " Macbeth," charact,r- / ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime \ and terror relieved by the most mag- ( nificent imaginative expression,'-' yet ) marked with great simplicity of general V design. The date of the production of ( the piece is set by-Funiival at 1605-6, I and " we may take it - for granted," J says Kenny, " that- it was written in ( the time of James the First, who p ascended the throne March, 1603, as it V contains an evident allusion to that ( monarch in act iv. scene I, and also a ) complimentary reference to him in an- y other part. 'The material for the play was found by Shakesjieare in Holin- 1 shed's History of Scotland, where the ( story of Macbeth is told at page 168." ) The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- 1 sented to have been cousins ; the first ( a valiant gentlem.an but of cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter " so soft and \ gentle in his nature that the people C wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and » interchangeably shared betwixt them ( that where the one had too much of. ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the 'v main virtue between these two extre- ( mities might have reigned by indifi'er- P ent partition in tliem both. The play \ all along keeps close to the line of / Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely any particular except in the non- ( appearance in the banquet scene of the ( murdered Banquo's ghost." I This tragedy has been presented in C Melbourne we believe oftener, than any / other of Shakespeare's works, The \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, C Charles Vincent, in their time essayed / tlie part, and we have had other repre- N sentatives, from the burly McKean f Buchanan and James Anderson to the ) little dapper J. B. Howe. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne debut in the role of the Thane of Cam- X dor. Y Of tliose who have, we now'call y to.mind Mr. C. W. Ban-y, at the The- f atre Royal, Jnly 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Poole .supporting ,»him as -Mdo-. y i!icf7<','Mf. Henry Edw.irdsas ,Maca»#.,(. Mrs. Winferbottom' as" and /' the principal singing witches'-fvere Mrs. \ Hancock and the. late Jmia Matthews. ( Prcvious'tS5 thatFon-Augr 25,-1 the sanie theatre, there burst uporiThe .y, theatrical ' firmamerit an Australian Y Rostius, -Master Edward Pole, aged;. > 14\. He -also played the part, .which as A a- Jeat.of memory was extremely, wbiy Y \- derfui; This gentleman has . long lefc j the stage and become a " family man, . . and now. follows the prosaic busiiiess of.a thriviiiig paperhanger. / At tlie time of the "Ghost" sensa- V tioh in Melbpurhe; in 1863, this tragedy ( was revived to be produced witli ?' Ppp- ) per's ghost/ effects," which .were an- y nounced as "combining the real with / the ndeal, the scientific and the poeti- J cal, the positive and the illusory," with t thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- / market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when y under, the management of the late. V James Simmonds. The part of Mao- ( both was alternately played by Messrs. 1 R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the ( Lady M«ccf/ was by the late charm-; 1/ ing. Annie Lockliart. It was in the part of the " Thane's guilty wife" that Miss. Goddard (Mrs. ( Gapel) made her bow befpie a Mel- i bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' Augu.st 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke appearing as Madbeth. '> i The Opera of "Macbeth," by Vei-idi, 'y has been, presented in Melbourne by ( two differerit' companies at an interval J of -twelve years. The-first production w£\a'l! tlieTheatre RoyalV\pptember ( 8, 1866, with' the Biiinclii Opera (/ohi- ) ;ipany> ,|Signpra Bianchi undertook die - y music of L«iZy MrtcSe7/t,Signor Bianchi ( \ fooSifjffElnlle Coulpn John j Gregg Baiiio, Walter Sherwin Mai- ' cqlmi arid Mr. John Winterbottom ivas conductor of. the, orchestra. The ,se- » ' cbnd time'the Ope'ra was revived was f at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs.' A W, S. Lyster and Cagli. The title N : rOl'elaeb'khy'\/as allotted to Sig'nor ( Tournerie, Macduff to Signer Leandro ) ' 'Coy, iBanquo to 'Signer -Dotidi, Mdl- j colm to .Signor Benso, Physiciadfo- & Sighor Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora / Tournerie, and Ijidy MacbJp to Sig- \ ndra'Zenoni. .7;, . ( 