? JOCKET GLTJB NEWS,—Weights for the Handicaps of the Jockey Club . were, declared on Tuesday, August 13, and -nominations made for the Two-year-old Stakes, St. Leger,and Derby o£ next year. 7 - The Melbourne nominations, in the case of the latter races j were not to hand when Mr. Coates's office closed. ' THEATBB ROYAL—There was a good attendance last eight at the TheStre, but not so large a one as-the merits of the - performance deserved. ^ Macbeth" was repeSted^orJihe last time, and Mr. -Oreswick was well supported by Messrs. Holloway, Martin, Reynolds,' -and Miss Carry .^George. Locke's music .was .creditab'y given, and Miss' Lottie Graham received an encore for her excellent Bulging in,tjie_jpart o£ Hecate. This evening the " Merchant -ol^y enice" will be produced. -' . GLENBLG INSTITUTR'.—A crowded apd f^shionable audience assembled in the hall'cf the Institute last evening to hear the Rer. Charles Clark deliver his lecture on " Westminster Abbey" in aid of the Building Fund. It was Stated that after deducting all expenses mrfre than £201 would be cleared, by the .venture... HUNT CLUB RACES.—We are desired ..to state that the whip presented to the Hunt Club Races in the Volunteer Cup event should appear as having been presented by Mr. W. E. Scarborough, and not by Scarborough and Genery, as. advertised. WHITE'S Boons.—The second appearance of Bainford's Ghost and Comedy Company was made in White's Rooms on Tuesday evening before a large audience. The previona.evening'a programme was repeated and the various performers were well received. The figures wera much more distinct than on Monday evening and the various arrangements -seemed to be in better working order. i ENTERT&IKUEKT; AT POST ADELAIDE. — AA enjoyable entertainment was given in the Town Hall, Fort Adelaide, on Tuesday night, .August 13, by the scholars of the Port Adelaide School on behalf of the funds of the Convalescent Home. His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. D. Bower) presided, and commended the claims of the Convalescent Home to the - charitable public. The institution was founded by the late Hon. 3. Hart, and had always beenr supported by voluntary subscriptions.. The programme consisted of songs, duets, recitations, pianoforte performances, and Christy minstrely, and was so well carried out as to evoke from the crowded audience -oft-qfepeated applause" and several encores. Praise was felt to be due to the trainers of the youthful performers for their careful singing and spirited actions. Mr. Radford, the. assistant, led tbe boys in singing, and Mr. Charlton, pupil teacher, the Ohnsty minstrels. ENTBETAIKHENT AT NORWOOD.—The usual quarterly musical and literary entertainment in connection with the Norwood Baptist- Church Young Men's Society was held in the Lecture Hall, Parade, Norwood, on Tuesday evening, August 13. These was a large attendance, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert took ihe chair. The entertainment, which consisted of songs, duets, recitations, &c.;, passed oS very successfully, the applause being frequent and hearty during the course of the programme. • SCULLING BACH IN AMERICA.—The Australasian says:—"A sculling match took place on the 15th May last at Toronto, between Edward Hanlan, of that city, and Fredk. Plaisted, of New York, for §1,000 aside. The former, it will be remembered, claims to be champion of America, and is the same sculler that soma time since accepted Trickett's challenge, which appeared in Bell's Life in London, but- which was repudiated by ihe Sydney man as spurious. The report of the race states that as- Hanlan was unsteady at : starting, the New Yerker, who is very quick from the scratch, got away with a lead, rowing 33 a minute, which he held for a quarter of a mile; 'the Canadian's steady, powerful .sweep of 28 to the minute, pulled through clean and hard &om; catch to finish, began to tell.' When a quarter of the distance had been rowed Hanlan began to gain gradually, never varying his stioke, and evidently pullihg with considerable reserve power. At -thd end of the first mile the Toronto man had placed a gap of nearly three lengths between the boats, and had little trouble in keeping at that respectful "distance from his opponent to the end of the race, 'achieving one of the easiest conquests that ever elated an oarsman.' He. received a "great ovation on returning to his quarters. Plaisted was much admired for the plucky way in which he pulled a hopeless stern race, and wals presented with a cheque for S50, "^nd the winner was afterwards presented with a gold medal in recognition of his prowess. .- . MOECHABD RACES.—These races are advertised to take place on August 15.' THE SECRET SERTICB.—This is (says tbe Kapwnda Herald^ the - name by- which the volunteer movement should in future be known. It js generally supposed that publicity assists and benefits such movements as the one now under consideration; but it -would seem that ihe sapient heads of tbe force think otherwise, as we are informed (not, however, by any member of the force) thaton Saturday lastra general order was read out to the Kaptuada' volunteers on the parade ground forbidding "the meipbers of the force to give any. information relative thereto to the Press, stating that it -was believed the officers of the force had done so in the past, and that it was not for the wellbeing of the force \- that this -should be continued. If anything bad been supplied to the" Press calculated to subvert discipline we -could understand such a case being specially dealt with on its merits; but seeing that as a rule the information supplied has been of. a nature beneficial to the force, we must enter our protest against such a monstrous interference with the liberty of the subject, which looks very much like a recurrence to the practices of the dark ages. We suppose the logical sequence to tnis move will be that persons connected with the Press will henceforth be regarded as " ineligible to become volunteers. More rigorous measures .xonld not be taken if, the men were regulars. J J BOAT ACCIDENT.—The K P. .^dperUser~reports that on Sanday. August n, [two men started from Moonta Bay in a boat for a sail, and that when they were opposite Port Hughes a squall caught the boat and -capsized it. Both men swam ashore, s distance of., about a mile, and we believe the.boat has since beenrecovered, so that the accident .resnlted -in. noffling more than a good ducking for the meru"" 