MISCELLANEOUS. Medical praotitioncrs havo lately boen stirred up in the Times by a numbor of lo'.tors com- plaining of their system of oharging a lump sum at the end of the year for their attendances Some correspondents give instacoes showing the need of checking those immnoulato gentlemen It may be interesting to our reeders at the Antipodes to state that on March 13, in the Dominion House of Commons, Canada, Sir John Macdonalds motion for re adjusting the tariff in such a way &s; to foster agricultural, mining, and manufacturing interests, was re- booted by 114 votes against 76. A farmer in (ho Gironde has just discovered, not an inscotioido, but an insectivore, in the shape of a parasite of the raspborry plant, whioh esDcoially frequents that species known as the vine raspberry. This insect, which is one of the arachnido family, is a deadly enemy of the phylloxera, ftt-d, aooording to the careful experi- ments wbioh bave been made, a few vine raspberry plants among tho vines aro a tam pie but sure preservative against tho dreadful pest. Recruiting for tho Northumberland Hu«ara is progressing At a meeting at Gateshead spirited addresses wore delivorod by Dr. Ciok and Lieutenant Crawsbay, and 14 recruits wore enrolled on the spot. At Glasgow roon are joining »ho army at the rato of 1000 a week. lu Northamptonshire tho sohome for raising a mounted rifle oorpa, started by Mr. Watson, of Rjokingham Castle, finds great favour. Admiral the Hon. Sir Henry Keppel, G.C.B., Vanity Fair says, has often tried to break his ncok, aod he hua at last yory nearly Buoooedcd, by putting a toventeou-hand horeo at a five barred gate, tho result being that the horeo oaught the gato, turned a somersault, and pitched Sir Harry on to his hoad. The conse- quence is that he will bo unable to represent the Navy, as otherwise he would so weil havo dono, in the Duke of Abcroorn's mission to Italy. According to tho latest -official documents, tho machinery now employed in Franco rcaohod a total strength of 1,500,000 nominal horse power. Tais corresponds to the actual motive nowor of 4,500,000 draught horse?, or that of 31,590,000 men. These figures oontrast sig- nificantly with 618,000 horso poser in 1863 and 75,000 in 1852. The first stoim-engino put to praotioal work in Franco was used at tho waterworks of the city of .Paris. Au artillery effioor and six men were trying to uproot an old horse ohestnut tree with dyna- mite in tho public promenade at Parma, when owing to the officer's carelessness an explosion ensu-.d, killing six porsona and wounding 63 Among the killed were the officer, two soldiers, and two children. Among the seriously wounded were four noble and acvoral gontlemen who were ont for their afternoon walk, and attraoted to the spot from curiosity to boo tho experiment. Somo of them are not expoated to survive Sm Ffneisoo, the capital of C»lifornia, whioh in 1815, was a village with only 100 in habitants, omtaiood a population of 150,000 ten years ago, and in 1872 the eensus showed tlia* it numbered 178.276 sauls. Four years later, upon March 1, 1876, the popu'ation had in- coa« el to 301 020, whioh was at the rate of 30 686 per annum during tho four years, It i« estimated that at the present date Sin Fran- cisco contains at leaat 330 000 iuhtbitaut« Tho nombor of Chinese living »t Sin Ffa'ioiso> haa risen from 32,000 in 1876 to over 40,000, so that the white population of the city is rather les»'than 290,000. A terribie ooll'cry exolo'ion ooonrrod on Maroh 12 at the Unity Brook Pit, Kearsley, n«ar Bilton, resulting, it id foared, in a loss t>f 35 t,> 40 lives. A loud report was heard, aod tbo oage at the top of the pit mouth wia blo-v down the Bhaft, the whole of the pit gearing being destroyed The pit, which is aboat >,on years old, has t«o workiugs, tho Troaoheo Bane und tho Canncl Mine, and it was in the Inner of those that tho explosion ooourred Nearly 40 mott ircro in tie Canncl Minc and 22 m the Tret,eher B >ue. Those in the latter havo b.-f n re&ou;'d, suff-ring ftom the iff jo's of after dvaip, bu'. there is littlo reason to doubt that the whole of the Canncl Mino collie1-« aro dead. According to the Datoh Laudbouio Guurunt, the exports to tho Uuited Kugdotn of two D-it,<'li butter-makiug firms represent a v-ilue or £25,000 weekly, natural and artilic*! butter both incluid!. For the manufacuring of theil »'titioial butter these two firms use daily 20,000 kilogtammts of inargmac, 8000 litres of new milk, some oosks of whito Amerioan syrup, nud other minor ingredients. As d.<ubr less a oonaiderablo portion of this is re cxpu'rd as " Ojtk firsts," " Boat Dorset," or even " Vale of Aylesbury," it may be as well that those who have not been imposed on may know what tu av-dd and that thoie *ho hove may not " tako tbo mixturo as before " Great Britain and Ireland import annually oom-: 1,500,000 loada of Canadian pine timber, tho greater part of whioh is prepared on the O t ta tv a river and its tributaries. The operations ol' this muuufaoture extend over upwards of 11,000 rquaro miles, and give employment io moro ihau 40,000 mon. Bosidei this quantity trom th» Canadian Dominion wo also reoûvu 4,200 000 loada of pine timber from foreign etmurrus, 35,000 load» of teak, 136,000 load of oak, 452,000 loads of uneuumtratcd wosds, 129,000 loads of staves, 52,660 toosof mahogany, add 43,000 toas of other farnuuro and hurd woods It redounds to tbo praise of the Fire Bridgadc authorities that there should boplaood at differ- ent points every night throughout Lindia 141 fire escapes and Boating laddors, aud that 27 land steam fire erigíaos, 36 manuil fire engines, and throe floatiug steam fire engines should b . ready for use io emergencies. It is also oroditabla to the forethought of these offioials that 104 miles of telegraph lines should bo ort. o ted within mut ropolitau boundaries oxprostly for the purpose of higiialling firos between the 50 fire engines sta- tions am jug whioh the firemen aro distributed, and io some instances betweon private dwellings and Wailing S reet. We loam by tho annual report of the Inland Revenue Board the quantity of tobácea oleartd for oon&umption; was equal to one pound ana bevon aud a half ou noes for cao h bead of tho population. In 1841 the total carno to on I j fourteen ouooes ; in 1S51 it waa seventeen ounces ; in 1861 it was nineteen ouuoes and a half; end in 1871 it was twenty-one onnoee and a half. Evidently the oousumption of to b-tcco goos on steadily inoreaa ng. When we dud that for eaoh head of the population the average consumption in nearly a pouud and a halt of tobaeoo per annum, we gain some no lion of what it is that tho ordinary (smoker con suineB. Tae dofenoo of the Thames, is it eecms being provided for. Wo loam from Saerneis on Sea that tho already powerful aranonnt of the Gar rison Point Fort has juit been strengthened by four 38-ton guns, and overything aouneotcd with the fort has been put in order ready for instant use by the Royal Artillorymons,atioutd in the casemates. Every oannon has been pro- vided with 200 rounds of ammunition. A pro teoted look-out station haa b.eu built on roof, from wkcuca tho offioer in oharge oau eoovuuai oato his orders direct to cooa gun. A large number of torpedoes havo been prepared for the protection of tho estuary of tho Tuainos and Medway, and oan bo luid down at short notice Four new ironclad gunboats aro to bo com- missioned in Germany ia the course of the next month for a fortnight's trial sorvioa. The:o aro seven suoh vosaola now in course of oou »truotion, five having already boeu ohristeuod. The names assigned to them aro-Wasp, Viper, Bee, Scorpion, and Gnat. They aro to carry ono 30.5 ooatimotro gun eaoh, and machinery of 700-horao power. Tho oro«» to bo allotted to eaoh is 64 men and boys. There will shortly bo no lets than nineteen vessels in building fur the Gorman navy, namely, five ironoUd cor- vettes, six ironclad gunboats, thrue ordinary oorvottos, two dispatoh boats, and threo uti armoured guuboats. Ciptaiu Bogardus, a well known Ameroan markemm, recently accomplished in New York the remarkable feat of breaking 5000 glass balls inside of as many consecutivo miuutoi, the missiles being shot from a double-barrelled gun. The balls were thrown up from, sprisg traps and were shattered ia the air The fe it was accomplished with a maTgin of 19 minutes and 25 seconds to aparo. It ia Mated that tho weapon, woighing 10 poundj, waa lifted and aimed 5300 times, whioh work is cquiraient to 318 foot pounds por rainu o, accomplished by the arms alono and oontii,uod for over eight hours. This must bo added to the brain work involved ia aiming the gun, in order to pcrceivo the naturo of tbo remarkable skill and endur- ance of tho marksman. ' A grim case of auioidc, whioh has not found it: way into the newspapers haa boon before Dr. Hardwicke. A man waa admitt/d into the Hampstead Small pox Hospital, suffering aou»o ly, and numbered " a bad caso " To ooso tho pain a lotion of balladonna and glyoeriae was administered. The liuimont was kept, in the re- gulation blue bottle and labelled poison. Whilo it was being applied the nurso wai momentarily called away, The min maddened with pain, saw bia opportunity. Ho seized the bottle and drained it. In a few boura ho was dead. At the inquest tho coroner attached bia mo to no one but there is a moral pointed here wl ich hospital authorities in particular, and doctors and curaos ia general, would do woll to rcoognizj Don't leave poisons within roach of unaervod or des- pondent invalids. Intclligonoe from San Francisco states that tho import of pulu, a product of Hawaii, during last year only reached. 240 balea and baga. Sin*e 1873, waen t<j« iu|>ou leaohcm 2ï7d b»let and baits, tbore has been a oontinu*l de olio o, the reason aligned bing that the artiole has bson auppUoled by a homo mudo artiole of imitation hair, muda out. of the native soap root, and whioh is generally preferred to the island nroduot Tbo Ha*atwtis no*/ fiad a markc forthoir pulu proa not in the Australian colonies, where thoro ii now, we bliov,) qaiio a large sale for the artiole, and at fair prie s. Pulu is vomited at road ¡vat tn>m tho volo »no H-iloa kala, end ohilt'd hy v*io tinrent* uf air falls in flutflíuti fi io a« »pui gl»>s ati'l stiff <m fújilu-r» It «auch resorub'o* a«bMti- in *h.ir»ovr, and i »X ea&tvely; cxpornd ;> t^e U itted States f.ir fiiroituro purposes A t?,eitl<nian »am .) RumntM h a* been an xi >us to fi id out w>' lier d '«ru *rn b li vera in gho'ta ami ar,iiit.i\\!t-ni, -.ud »a* b-eu iiuktun .xp'riiuen's aooMdtivlí "t1'' «'«.?.a't* tor * k iO'!"(<«f 'f . In-'li ihc w v '1 ii iud-b ed tu ih« New Yoik Times Mr li) aims ti ^.»u hi -«.t-oir.ivn i'itOM.e«* nii-w." *i li a bii'i«-} .indti-i*, ih ontio ^i», 'f-i-in, '' n abm* wui fiuicnr. to elioiv i 'O li sr I,-a v.il iin-v rain olii»r cor of tho m.m li" lili- o is ttnyrhin«? *h'oli » dm bold' ,> <m i uy <>or''d n i« » b.tio V terrier will »ubín" -o tu dnlii'vd hy pitno ro pr^-eufa ions ii*t lluro «-io Iil'I1» « civs iu tü> oo»l ncut-le, or »ta; t'-i. ,m.no i-> full of ra's ¡>u- h<\- foi'l» tint r> >-? a .ri> to . sicridto bn mule the -ubjou'. tf j Nt " Mr llimtnt-i, hu« I'ver, co ik rho bon'-, U'd nvoujd t* * 'Ino pi ken tirc»d, and j'i-<. a* toe li.Ho Soo'e'i torrie' >mb whioh hij iovo-t^i-i»»* »«st» o-ilue'-d ».is in th« cot of tr a <i|{ it his m-wto'" si wlv drew it a vny Tno »tnr d i» re^-r Jod 'hu roo'. tug iiuee Aith au am z m: << willoh fiu >d ex orvs.sion in fr<-<v.. '.i » Mid i '(til ur^dually thru.' ne ween tiiiitiuil 1 g<; ind b-coming c mvinood, >s Mr Runa-íes -tifiputi", ihifc \t wai bat th" $¡lioH of« b'j'in, ifii h incn'ly fl d, h<i vlir»"- di> ma'lT On t'io whol-, th' Nem Yfk Tïme3 0 »nui lets that the do^bobnol 'nnoh miosm .ibly than mutiy ni 'ii wi.-u*d > uve donoundtr » similar b-lt-f " l<i »li pr InbilUy," tho jour- nal say», " had Mr Runin-o «vor iet>n a pieo» of roa^t- b of in tii'i ajt of oruistng unassisssd » round stn. fat.le ha wiuld inunntly have onked it rirop'iKtcrous qiestion«, ami would hivo mb wqiooily lo' Ins huir «r,ii>w loo/», and h*v \wa 'inf a ofiïiû'in id Spifitu li^t His intelligent dog «ltd iior.0 of teem «bingi, titu an so jo as hi dsoided he bad 'i.-'on a «pirro »I boue bo refused to have anything in r« to >lo fi'lt !', <nd onntinuod to woar hin hair of iho u»ual Iciig li, ind to olio« \n that fvth ni whioh jb »a* '-ii.io*tod " Mr Romanes wia nr»t yu * ut-fi'd hnwcvor Ho took h pipo, «it, «orno s«-<if> »n't .?»»ter, aad be¿».n to bio v bubb (ia along tho flioi. It took some timn to oonvir<oo tbe orrur iliat tneno airy no thing« worn not a new kind of !»irtianUrlyd,\\!igor ouíly rat, but jirescmly ho put ins p^.v on o'ie, aid it of o lursi eollípsad Ho tried a second, atd it liko-»is0 v<iuiihod a-id tlmu, reoolleoiinn of the ghoallv bun ov.riÇBcl.mog him, ai»ato he, fbd. Still Mr Rjinaiifs wail nor, »ati(,fied. Hh proocedor] to " m.ikrt faofs" ai liii victim, a«d tbo griinicn tv m>de were so htdcouvly uglv ihm wo aro told that tbo dog mistook htm f >r the worst gh<.t,fc ho bud ever b«cu, when upon he oropt unler the sofa and tried to die. Lover» of dogs will syuiiisuhiso with the puer uttle torrior, dod, if «Mr R imacvs oontinuc-i his iuvf.jtigitiiiQN, will h,«rdly regret to bear that ho has bad to deal with a larger dog, whioh pur nues amare spirited polioy wita ngird to ghosts. Mrltilph B/ooldebark, an cxen^ivo sbip nwnor of Liverpool, tit« «. ff»red to pny trio ontiro eojt anouonnj? to ¿'3500, ora Hanatoiium or hospital for the L'vorp.ml Seamen's Oiphatugo It Í9 rola <d cuat wh«n tbo King of Spain aras recently at Buoclona, a working tailor oiwiweueud hin haiauguo *rh those words-" I' a wurknian m^y address a Ktng " Alfons . X11, interrupting turn, s<nd, "Why not? Wo are both workmen. You moko olothos, snd I makc ordor ; but do tut forge« that my work pormits you to 0'ijoy tbo fruits of yauri)." Wheo i« a reso tree lilt« a bankrupt mil,or? -Whea it is out of fliwcr (fl iur). 