' -Letters foil Ireland, No. 16. AtWtwn. TtV-Vivnm-v. 1R7S. AST of your read ova who htivo taken aa interest in 'Erionach's' lottera, mno'; Iiavo concluded that I cavo ap tho ghosl;, joined tho nrmy, or got B3srrie(3a on r.ocoun's of my long oilenoe. Well I havo done neither. For the future I Intend writing sragukrly or-cb mv.il until I bring my lottsra io a finish. Thio quainb old lown io generally supposed to ba tho centro o£ Xrolcnd. II; is built on both sides of the Shannon, connected by a long, wide, eolirl briotpo. Ouvioualy enough, Aihiona Jain two different parioheo, Daronica, counties, and provincea. It is not by any means a hand some tov/u — on tho contrary, its streets and lanes are most irregularly laid out, aa if built by chance. Had it not been .for the heroically his torical associationa with which every atone of its old walla is surrounded it would possess very few charms for tho touriat. But of all the daring deads and dashing exploits in which our annala abound there is none that can outvie, if at all equal, the heroiam, the valour, the intrepidity displayed by Custtune and his brave companions, ?who coolly and deliberately walked into the jaws of death by blowing1 up the ' old bridge,1' and thus prevented the Eng-liGh from effecting a footing in Athlone. I would wish sincerely that thin page of history was known by every Irian boy sod girl all over the world, for ife ootabiuan trno, noble, and. ? dfs'nterestod love for Irsland, with tho determi nation, seif-aacrifioe, and bravery of a martyr. Within abont seven miles of Athlone, by water, Is the celebrated and famouo Clonniacn nois, which I visited GCcotnponied by a few friends. lb wed indeod with feeiinga of a wo, 'reapeot, end admiration we npproacbet! thin sacred spot, wbsro repoca Mugo3 princes,, biahops, wamorGj end poota oi! anoioafc Ireland. The place io observed at a clioc tauce by the preeonce of two otately round towers, really grand ansoimeno of thocoQtsrnctm'es about whose origin antiquarians are so much divided. About tho middle of the sixth century Saint Keiran founded a monastery where religion and learning made such rapid strides that soon from all parta of Ireland, England, and Europe there flocked nobles, princes, and peasants to study and perfect themselves in religion, science, and arts. And liko true Irish. hospitality, for ?which our country and people are noted, not only was knowledge diffuGod free of charge by those good monks of old, but everything — books, food, and clothing — was supplied, especially to Dtrangero, without any cost. If every book, iu-a oludiDg the Bible, was burned a thousand years ago, and that a ehrefi of literature did not remain, etill wo have in She rnina of these aeven ohurcheo, ero3Beo and saoanzaenig, tho mott con vincing, unquestionable, and eloquent; proof of tha faith of our sncea; oro. In the principal raid (once tbe cathedral) are three cculptorai decorations repronenfcin,' Saiats Patrick, Fi'ancia2 and Douniniek in the babita of their ordoro. Tho ' scores of designs on the crossan and monuments aflord an unwritten biefcory of the habi's, man' ners, and eaatovjs of our forefathers, and are a noble and proud testimony of then- skill, taste, and workmanship. The boly, consoling, and plons requeofc to pray for the 'faithful departed' io inscribed on aameroua grey old toDibstones, bo me in Celtic characters, more in Iloman and modern English. Were I to particularize the many interesting inscriptiono to ba found in the various rufno of thia once- celebrated city0 whiok Ib wa», I would ocenpy too much ol your opace. So I muat with regrofe pacn over the grand little rein of the ' Ohurcb of tho Nuns,'.' believed to httvo baen bnilfc at tbe: : eicpenao -of Dei1 vogil, wife to O'Eourke, Princa of Broffni, and numeroua othor monuments of thio place which baa been justly termed the lona of Ireland. Hoh for frora'AOMono is Goldsmith's hiatorical ' Deserted Village,' There ara very few, if any, traces aow of the 81 Hawthorn bush with seats -beneath the shade, For talking sge^ and whispering. lovers made.' Tho question 'nicy ba Wry properly asliad3 'Why is thia thus X The enawer is simple : Be- ,' cease English oapitalisftn 'have bought; np the ?whole neighbourhood, nnd you may aa weil talk to them about the , Pyramida of '..Egypt, or. She Colossus of Ehoae8,.aB to tell them nbonfc tho gcnt-le, pure, and true poet— Oliver Goldomith. They oan only .understand cheep and entitle, be* cause their oreeclia Bucolic. . Although. I did nob visit .Atsghriai, yet i can not.pcaib naying afaw wordc about tbe import taafc'bafclle .tlini) rrao ,\7aRed 'thero,.-,a it ia. genet' relly regarded nsnesrly the bet otrugqlo between fclia Catholics of-- Ireland and r,heij: praoenfc Pro- . teutanb tiourpors. Tho : Iritih Avmvj was '.poia m^nded'by St. Rnth, v/hbee military' iootjoo and ok..iful mnnoDUvrea would .nhdonhtedly have, brjughfe victory to hid side, but owing, to. his orer-confidence, raobneab, and secresy in cbn« cealinn fcho plan of apfcion to all. under him, ;ibe faj-.tfcle X7PA loal, aiad iixio bravo 'bub .vein French General wao shot dead on the plama of Aughrim. Tlie anniversary of'this battle - 12th July-— is one of the days —the principle one— -on which a portion of our infatuated coimfey'inon go mad in in singing and to;'.3ting .tho praises of King Billy, tho Dutchman, and' sending everything relating- to tho Pope and Popery ' to :? : the warm regions : , balow. ;ITow if, those misguided creatures,, callirig thoiaGplvea . Orangemen, would only reflect; on what they coh- j biate, I boliovo thoy have manhood enough' 'in I them to bo ashamed. of' their silly and canuc-loso I oelobrationo. Instead of porpotrafiing1 anything | g(jod, bravo, nobley or genorou3 they -are only | keeping alivo the memory of a day that brought jj rain; degradation, find slavery on tho whole Msh jj feople without exception, but eapocially on tho j| rish Catholic. I will not ventui'e further on this |j Dubjoc'b-, boccuco i fool too bittorly the curse tho Omngo nooiotiea havo brought an our unforfcu- 1 ? ' ^ ? ? ? 3 There is a beautiful and touching episode con nected with the battle of Aughrim that I oannot omit relating. It is an admitted fact that Ginckle and' and his men left the dead bodies of Irish soldiers oveivground, and would not allow them to bo buried. Tho consequence was that the ravens, wolves, and dogs fed on their flesh for weeks o,nd months. Ono of tho officers who fell along with St. Euth had a faithful wolf- dog. After tho death of his master thia poor animal guarded his remains, and though the corpses all around were picked and devoured, still no ani mal dare come near the remains watched and defonded by this noble dog. At night ho used to run to the neighbouring village to bo fed and return again immediately. Tho officer was killed in July, and this fond and loving auimnl kept constant watch and guard over his decayed skeleton until tbe following January , when he was shot by an English soldier. ERTONACH. 