JOHNNY GEDDES; OR, THE ADVENTURES OF A SCOTTISH PACKMAN. RELATED BY HIMSELF. CHAPTER VII. — I MEET WI' A STRANGE DOUG, AND HAE AN UNCO KICK UP. Such of my readers as are unacquainted with the noble town o' Killin, on the banks o' LochTay, will remember that it's a great howf for all who like mysel' live by the road — not only packman, and that modern offshoot ca'in himsel' a commercial traveller, but cadgers, gipsies, tinkers, and showmen alike in turn finding a home among its edient inhabitants. Weel do I mind that it was just twa days after Auld Hansel Monday that I lifted my pack in this very toon, resisting a' entreaty to stay and hae anither day's jollification, and took my way along the streets filled wi' strangers and toonsfolk in holiday attire, intending to make up for lost time, and reach before nicht a bit clachan on the other side o' Ben Lawers. I have aye haen an unco notion o' seeing folk happy ; so its no to be won- dered at that my shanks-naigie didna trot very fast. The streets were a' astir, just like on a fair-day, wi' orange cadgers, sweetie barrows, popguns, swee boats, and shows; and in passing through the croods o' smart lads and sonsie lassies, wi' rosy cheeks and bright e'en, pressin' forrit to see the sights, wi' lots o' laughing and daffin atween hands, my thoughts un- consciously ran back to my ain young days, and my pace got slower and slower, till at last I stoppit althegither afore the grandest show o' them a' — a menagerie o' leevin' wild beasts, wi' pictures o' scaly monsters, and blue puggies, and rorrin' lions, seeking whom they may devour; strung up in front enough to gar a body's very hair stand on end. I'm no that sure but what I micht hae drifted inside mysel' wi the lave, so strongly was my curiosity aroused, and the show having been detained by snawy roads in comin' frae Kenmore, and only been set up that mornin', I hadna had the chance afore ; but my time was limited, and I had to be content wi' the pictures, and the blue nebbit chields playin' the brass trumpets, which played 'Scots wha hae,' in sic fine style that I felt my heart a' aglow wi' national enthusiasm. The drummer in particular excited my ad- miration, he being able to play in succes- sion no less than four different instruments — to wit, a big drum and a wee ane, a pair o' soundin' cymbals, and a tang-nang triangle thing that was strung up to the tail o' a stucco puggy gracing a corner o' the show. O, but he was a clever ane ; and how he thumpit it, and made it sound in a bodie's lug. Sercie me, but I think I hear it noo ! Weel, there I was standing, and there I felt as if I could ha'e stood till a' was blue, when I heard a' at ance somebody thus ad- dress me frae ahint — "Hullo ! Johnny, lad, is this a' the length ye've got? I thocht ye'd been five miles awa' by this time. Are ye tbinkin' o' gaun in to see the beasts ?" "No me — I haena time," I answered, seeing that it was nae other than Cocky Bane, the landlord wha hoosed me and a wheen mair respectable travellers, when we hap- pened on Killin. "I've a laag road afore me, and the days are geyan short yet." "Hoot, toot, come awa'. It'll no cost ye a bawbee ; for the heid man's puttin' up wi' me, and tell't me to come doon and bring a friend wi' me," and he seized my arm to drag me up the steps. "It's nae use trying to egg me on," I firmly replied, hanging back, and tightenin' the shouther straps o' my pack. "What for did the thing no arrive in time when a' body was gallivanting aboot wi' their pockets fu' o' siller, and nae business tae keep them back ?" "Oh, I can tell ye the hied man is richt mad aboot that himsel'," replied Cocky. "They've been delayed by the rough roads, and the sad loss they sustained through an accident." "An accident ? what micht that be ?" "Nae less than the break-doon o' ane o' their caravans, and the escape and loss o' ane o' their sma' wild beasts through the rottenness o' a defective cage." "And did they no fa' in wi't again ?" "Never saw hint nor hair o't up till this minute." "Puir beastie! And in sic weather and in sic a place," I feelingly replied. "It'll be dead by this time — starved to death among the hills." "I doot it much. Ye see thae creatures are no accustomed to forage for theirsels as they do in their natural state ; sae it wad likely just creep intae some hide-hole in the snaw, and curl itsel' up and dee." "Puir wee thing ! could they no have followed it, and keppit it some way, and then shoo'd it intae a cage, for its ain gude ?" "Followed it ?" echoed Cocky Bane. "Man, they've been huntin' for it for twa days running nicht and day. That's what keepit them sae lang on the road." "Maist waefae," said I. "It'll be lying happit in some snaw wreath, stiff deid, wi' a' its troubles at an end. Ah, well, it's maybe the better for it, puir thing. But if I stop muckle langer here, bletherin' like a haveral, the day'll be awa afore I'm half- roads; an', ye ken, I have an order to de- liver to an old sneck- drawer so unco perjink that she wad think naething o' throwing it back on my hands gin I wasna punctual tae the minute; so I'll e'en bid ye gude day." With that I left him, and took the road, followed for a good bittock by the bold thump thumping of my friend the drummer, and still further by painful reflections on the cruelty of men in taking upon them the responsibility of providing for a wheen helpless beasties and not duly fulfilling the same. By- and-by, however, the rough grandeur of the scenery through which I was passing — the snaw-sprinkled trees, the white height and hows, the stormy loch, and the massive mountain of Ben Lawers towering before me against the dull sky — had the efiect of wooing my thoughts to things higher and better. The day wore away and the nicht advanced, to find me well up in the skirts of the mountain, far from the common road or human habitation of any kind, and, by reason of rough roads and what not, still a gude few miles from my destination. I might have managed cannily enough had it not at this critical juncture begood to snaw lik a' that. Doon it cam' in white blinding clouds, such as I had seldom seen afore, and hae never seen since, happing up a' the rough and dark spots in a mantle of purity, which would have been beautiful to behold had I been able to see an inch before my face, far less to follow the path in safety and security, which soon became an utter impossibility. I staggered on as best I could, keeping my neb turned in the direction of the clachan I was airting for; but as the darkness thickened at every step, and I at last found mysel' warstling through rocks and whins, and stumbling and stotsing like a doited auld coo — now tearing my auld breeks and jagging my legs, and anon slipping and plunking doon on my hurdies on sharp staines, but ill concealed ill the saft snaw — I at last thought prudent to call a halt. "Johnny, lad, this will nae dae," I said to myself, pulling up close to a bit fir plant- ing, and cowering down under the shelter of an overhanging rock. "There's nae need for hurry in this world, and it's no aye the fastest scrambler that comes in smartest and safest at the end. Just rest a wee, the storm'll no last long, and as sune as it clears awa and the bonnie mune peeps forth, ye'll be able to gang on your way rejoicing, with- out danger or hindrance." This seemed sae fair and reasonable to my understanding that I at ance upstrappit my pack, plankit it on the ground as a seat, and then seating mysel', drew ower me my gude plaid, which had shielded me frae mony a blast and bitter cauld. While hunkering doon in this lonely and cauldrife condition the thought struck me that a bit blythesome kindling of fire wadna be a bad thing, baith for warming my taes and cheering up my spirits, and seeing that I was in a manner at the lug of the law so far as fuel was concerned — there being abun- dance of chips from paling stobs lying heaped up for carting in the adjoining plantings — I wasna long in picking oot the dryest bits ; and after making some chips sma' wi' my gully-knife, and putting some dry paper alow it, I managed to strike a light, and was soon sitting fu' tosh and comfortable ahint a right royal bleeze. "Weel, Johnny, lad," said I to mysel', when this kittle task had been successfully accomplished — for I was aye of a philoso- phic turn of mind — "weel, Johnny, there's nae situation sae darksome and dreary but by some effort on our ain part we may throw around it a ray of light and comfort. Noo that ye've managed sae weel what ye ettled at, what wad ye say, seeing that yer gey yap, to a bit chack o' bread and cheese for supper, wi' a wee thochtie o' whisky to wash it doon ?" This motion in my sma' council was like- wise carried with applause ; 'deed, it's won- derful when ye think on't how seldom a man quarrels wi' himsel'. I got oot my provender, and my gully-knife, and my pocket-pistol, and then drawing my plaid ower my heid, and raking up the fire to make it bleeze, I might be excused for thinking mysel' no that bad aff. I am no a drinker, by no means, as I shall show in the succeeding chapter — but I think that when a man's in sic a plight, whisky's a maist acceptable medicine fora good wheen ills, baith present and to come. But it was ordained that that dram wasna to pass my lips. Just as I had the mouth o' the flask at my lips a sound cam' pealing along the mountain side which froze the very blude in my veins. It was like the weird call o' some departed spirit, or the howl o' some murderous wraith, and rose in piercing vibrations towards the mirky heavens, coming aye nearer to mysel'— till I thought a' hell was broken loose. "Heaven hae mercy on me, what's that ?" I cried, starting up and peering forrit into the darkness, trembling in every limb; and then I fancied that I heard a patter o' ghostly feet among the crisp snaw, and saw looming through the darkness a maist fearful pair' o' bogly e'en, which seemed to burn like live coals against the milky night. I was a' in a tremble ; but having been taught by my ghost adven- ture to mistrust first appearances, I didna althegither gie mysel' up to fear till I should mair certainly learn what danger threatened me. Peering forrit I at last made oot the dark outline o' a strange shaggy doug, which in shifting circles was approaching my camp, as if it wanted to come near me, but it was scared by the light o' my fire. It was a maist ill- faured tyke, and skulkit roond and roond, sniffing and snaffing, and syne giein' the other awful howl, in a way that I thocht unco queer and distant like — dougs having aye been greatly taen up wi' me, and fond o' my society. "Puir Trapple! puir Towser !" I said, addressing it in a canny way that I hae aye found taking' with dougs, and cheep- ing with my mouth to it in a persuasive fashion. "Puir dougie, ye're hungry nae doot— hae, tak that intae yer hungry wane," and I flung it a daud o' cheese and bread. It jumpit back as quick as ye like, but at last wi' wheedling cam' forrit far enough to sniff at the gude provender I had offered it ; but it ate nane. Na, it was ower nice gabbit, and turned up its nose wi' an ugly fierce grin, as if I had actually insulted it by the offer. By this time I had got a bit glint o' its appearance, and discovered that, in addition to its dreadfully towsy and neglected looking fur and great shary teeth, it had actually a kind of short mane stick- ing up like birse on a soo's back. "Puir beastie ! it'll likely be some deer hound that's wandered frae its maister and got lost and starved among the hills. Here my man — puir Towser ! puir Tripple ! gude laddie, here !" and this time it came snarl- ing and growling forrit. I saw with horror that its chafts and lips, and even its teeth, were all bludy — not through any wound they had obtained, but rather, as they seemed to me, from some wounds that they had inflictit ; and from friendliness my voice and aspect suddenly changed to one of gravity and reproof. "Ye ne'er-dae-weel scoundrel, what hae ye been after noo, I wad like tae ken? Worrying the sheep, I'se warrant, an' maybe breaking into the faulds and haeing a bit fecht with the watchful collies. Oh, ye ugly brute, quit my sight ! awa' wi' ye ! The very sicht o' ye and the innocent blude ye hae shed mak's my flesh a' grue. Heest ye, or I may dae ye an injury ye'll no get the better o'." Even as I spoke I made a dart forrit to shoo it awa' ; but now to my astonishment it lost all its timidity, and ran towards me hanging its head low, and growling and snapping. "Gude laddie !" said I, slapping on my thigh to bring it forrit ; "Gude laddie— puir wee Towser. Murder ! murder ! oh, ye vicious deevil !" The last words cam' oot wi' a yell that astonished even the strange doug itsel'. It had sprung on me, and seized the sleeve of my gude tweed coat in its awful teeth, and tore aff sark and a', in ae mouthful. 'Deed I'm no sure noo but it took some o' my skin along wi' it. As I gied oot the shriek it jumpit back, echoing my cry wi' ane o' its dreadful yells ; but then it gained fresh courage, flew forrit, and became more ob- strapulous than ever. "Gude save us, this beats a' !" I ex- claimed, trying to beat it aff wi' my ell- wand, and back from the spot. "Doon, ye ungrateful brute ! Wad ye injure yer ain benefactor ? Doon, doon ! Megstie me, can it mean to tak' my life ?" Things begood to look unco serious wi' me, for just as these words were uttered it made a fearful spring at my throat, knock- ing me owre amang the snaw wi' the force of its great hairy form, and then with its red ee'n shining into mine, and its blood- thirsty tongue lapping my very breath, it behoved me, merciful as I am by nature, to look to mysel'. In an instant my twa hands were about its throat, and I was rowing owre and owre amang the snaw, now under its lean body and now abune, in the vain effort to choke it into insensi- bility. Oh, but that was a lang and bludy fecht — it gars me sweat and shiver now when I think on't. I seem to look through a mist, and see mysel' warstling aboot on the ground — my claes torn from my body — my bare arms and shoulders streaming wi' blude— my ae hand at the brute's throat,. and my other gaun dab, dabbing, and slash- ing wi' my gully-knife at its throat or its e'en, or its mouth, or its lean hide, or ony- where that I could stick it in ! Sometimes I thocht I wad hae to gie in to its superior strength, but at others I was nerved with. a power that seemed superhuman ; and at last through the blinding cloud rapidly overshadowing my senses it seemed to me that its struggles were becoming fewer, and its glaring eyeballs less red and ferocious, and its growling shrieks dying groans. Then I saw a great dark body lying streekit oot on the bludy and trampled snaw, and I knew that my enemy was powerless, and that my life was spared yet another year. How long I lay there I canna richtly tell ; but I was wakened with a great shoutmg, to find mysel' surrounded by a crowd of shepherds and farm folk armed with guns, pitchforks, and other deadly weapons, who had been out chasing the rampaging de- stroyer of their flocks that had met with its death at my hands ; and I mind fine of them lifting me up very tenderly, and bear- ing baith me and my pack to an adjacent sheep farm, wi' the strange doug stuck upon a pitchfork, and borne before us in triumph. There I remained, carefully tended and hospitably entertained, until my wounds were healed ; and for the rest the following inscription on my best Bible will explain all : — "Presented to Mr. John Geddes by a few admirers, in recognition of his bravery in capturing and slaying, single-handed, a FEROCIOUS WOLF which had escaped from the menagerie and made its way to the hills, where it was causing much devastat- ion among the flocks." ' We have received from the publishers^ through Mr. George Robertson, the two latest issues of London Society. Eloquence in the dock is the subject «f r the foltovring paragraph taken from the Mel hmirne Argus of December 3 : — ' At th& General Sessions yesterday, before Ms Honor Jizdge Cope. Geerge Hetherington, alias Harris, alias Standish, pleaded guilty to three charges of horse-stealing. When brought up for sentence and asked in the usual manner what he had to say for himself, he treated the Court to a well-arranged discourse on the evils of the present penal system, of which he stated ha considered himself ' a fair representative/ He ? reminded the Court of the previous conviction* that had been proved against \\*\m and of the sentences he had undergone. He assured His Honor that he had watched very closely, and. was certain he stated' a fact when h& affirmed that 90 per cent, of all the ntea who went to Pentridge, after completing their sentences-,, returned to the world mueh worse than they were before they were sent to that establish? ment. In fact, the place was demoralising, bufr' this was not from the administration of it, foe better men than Mr. Duncan and Mr. Gardiner, could not be, and even his short stays in Mel* bourne Gaol had enabled him to observe that the Governor there might be included in his ap proval. His remarks, however, applied to the - Pentridge establishment, than which, he believed he -waB right in saying, * that there is not a more wicked spot upon the earth.' He knew it to be the birthplace and nursery of crimes innu merable, some of them unmentionable. This, however, was the fault of the system, not of the authorities, for the latter were powerless, there being so many influences for evil at Pen tridge and so few for good. The ministers of religion did their duties in a perfunctory manner, especially the three Protestant 'One resident clergyman, if he was a good man, wonld at half the cost be more effectual for good than the three, who gave but a casual attendance.' Mr. Duncan was doing more good than all the clergymen combined, and he believed him to be a thorough. Christian. ' He invites volunteers to meet him . on Saturday afternoons, and when they come he reads to them, prays for them, and speaks to them as a father, admonishing the careless, en couraging the penitent and well-doing.' Mr, Duncan, however, though doing much, could. not be very successful until an entire . revision of the. whole penal system took place. The Go vernment should always retain a position oa publicworksfor discharged prisoners. Discharged prisoners were worse off than aewiv-arrived im migrants.for contractors would give the latter work, while they looked down upon the former. He was sure if he had had fair chances he should have reformed long ago. Once he had come out of prissn, and had written two letters.. One of them was not answered, and the reply he received to the other was that the writer had no work to give, and if he had, he wouldn't; give it to a man just out of gaol. The speech was very impressive, and the learned Judge desired the prisoner to write it and send it to him. The ridiculous sentence of three years was* then passed, the sentences on the second and third charges being made concurrent with the first. This interesting criminal, according to the record, has been constantly in trouble since 1859, his principal weaknesses being stealing tracks, cows, pigs, poultry, and miscellaneous trifles. 'VThen a ywu^qc man he was considered to be rather a dangefcnis character. His speech, we learn, ha4.a-efen£rehear8ed before he left the ' gaol, and when he returned he was heard to remark to. those -ho were with ;him— * Well, I pitched a good 'yarn, and the ? Judge believed every word of it, Or-ly three years for three cases ! I expected seven at the least.' -'' 