' MRS. E. H. BRITTEN'S LECTURE. to tub kditor of tub aob. Sib,— As the subject of Spiritualism Is now ex citing considerable interest in Molbourne, I bave no doubt you will readily grant me space to notice Mrs, E. H. Britten's reply to my re- marks upon ber lecture of find June, The lady evidently does not receive criticism over-kindly, judging by the lone of hpr communication, but when it is remembered tbat ebe bos come from America for tbe purpose of attacking Chris tianity, and charging its advocates with imposing upon tbe public ; and tbat she denounces both it and them in no measured terms, it would be strange indeed were no notice to be taken of her efforts. Presuming that I am tbe Mr. Green who engaged in debate with Mr. Thai. YValker, the lady pro fesses to be greatly astonished tbat I should re vive " the old platitudes which Air. Walker more than answered again and again and in her con cluding sentencca sbo suggests that I should try to fight her "with better weapons than the ghosts of dead arguments long since slain by the rhetoric of bis late opponent." If Mr. YY'alker did kill the argument! adduced in tbe debate, it mint have been with bis " rhetoric it certainly was not with bis logic. As tbo full report of the debate will bepubliabed in thecourse of a few weeks, tbat matter may very well bo left to the judgment of tho public. But if Mr. Green's letter merely consisted of " old platitudes more than answered uy am HaiMcr, ii cuuiu not DftvO given Air. B. much trouble, to thoroughly expose those platitudes, and have thus for ever driven bim out of tbe field. Iu ray letter in yoor Saturday's issue I asked Mrs. Britten to kindly point out in what part of tbe New Testament it was stated that " poverty, crime and fvsr" wero to cease, snd I there affirmed my conviction that if Airs. B. conld do this she would promptly do so She has not even attempted to do so, objecting "(o inflict a biblical war of quotatiou and counter-quotation on your readers," and I therefore conclude that her remarks as to "Mr. Walker aud old platitudea" were made in order to hide her inability to prove what sbe ao boldly asserted in ber lecture. But she takes exception to my criticising ber lecture because I did not brar it. Strange tbat sbe who proeonoces censure should fall into tbe same error! Alra.B. only heard tbe latter part of my debate with Air. Walker; bow then is sbe compe tent, to say tbat these " old platitudes were more than answered again and again 7" Tbat your i report of the . subject of Mrs. B.'s lecture , and her line of argumentation is correct , so far as it goes is established by a two column report found in one of | your last week's illustrated contemporaries, \- in which also tbe lrcturo is cbaractened as I being destitute of argnment, but full of plati- l tudes and dogmatic assertion. As Mm. Britten does cot really question tbe correctness of yonr leportjand as she in substance stales the store thing in her letter when sbe says that itsadvo- « rates pledged that it shoald abolish "sin and . misery" in the world, which she appears to ex plain as "crimes, pauperism and war," mays again respectfully repeat the sntwtaBce of tho - 3 ucstinn of my former letter : YYhen, and wjierc, id the first advocates of Christianity declare that its propagation would cause ' sin and misery" to cease to exist in the world ? No statement ' as to Mr. YValker and platitudes euu be taken au u reply, and if Airs, E. doee not givo a reply to tbis very reasonable question sbe stands self-coil- victed of Ibe same sin of giving positive assertion instead of proof, which she so loudly charges upon Christians. But there is an amusing side to this matter, if tho lady will kindly pardon me for smiling, which I think is much better than setting angrv. Sbestates that she " diawaa strong line of demarcation between Christ and Christi anity, also between those wbo followed Christ in the year oue and those wbo do - not follow bim, although thev borrow his name . ... in the year 1S7S." This latter " 1 distinction it at ones admitted ; but, qnsry, will tbo lady kindly givo us tbe names of a few of tbose who followed Christ io the year one? At - ftlint lima T iirosn rrs A has wnnlil K nKnttt fifflt TftAM of age. Airs. B. must bars bun writing care- ' lessly when she penned tbis sentonce, which is , hardly excusable in the position sbo assumes. But Mrs, B. "draws a strong lino, Ac., between - Christ and Christianity." May I ask by what „ , authority she defines Christianity to be the - Athanasian creed and the doctrines of Luther, Calvin, Knox, Jic, Surely it is a well, known fact that at least the Protestant part of professing Christians acknowledge only ' tho Scriptures to he of authority as to . : ' - what Christianity is ? But taking this statement ' ot Mrs. B.'s as to what she understands Chris tianity to be, then, I ask her, in which of tbo writings or sermons the baa named it is de clared that Christianity will causa "ain and ;> misery, crime, pauperism and war" to cease? Let her give the proof; assertion can hardly bo accepted. Bat Christ's teacbines aro "denned „ 7 by the Sermon on tho Mount." Now Mrs. B. hardly acts consistently here. She repudiatcacor- , tain things which tha Evangelists report Christ ' / assaying, but she accepts the Sermon on the. Mount ss being spoken by Christ, although it comes to us on just tbe samo evidence aq the par % tions which she repudiates. YYill the lady please . tell us on what evidence she believes thodoatmon "v _ : oo the Mount to have been spoken by Christ 1 . V YVbcn this is answered, I shall have a fow more ; perplexing problems to present. The remarks - ' as to "Christian nations, high-salaried bishops, nnd a State Christine church," . I wiil not characterise as " mere word quibbles," but as play upon words' without any 4 relevancy to the question in band. Mrs. B. ongbt to know tbat Christianity knows nothing of Christian nations, and vrhen she affirms, aa in hex . letter, tbat England is a Christian nation (in tbo Scriptnral sonic, and I have nothing to do with any other), I sm afraid I must accept her own statement as to"ignoranco of tho applica tion of plain terms to glaring facts." The mere calling Britain a Christian nation will never - 7 / ruake it so in the only proper sense ot the term. Mrs. it. ia evidently offended at what she regards as a sneer at tbe little Spiritualism haa dona during tbo last twenty-five years. I shonid he sorry to sneer on so important a matter. Bat I regard tho question put in my letter as a fait - one. I affirm (will Mil. B. attempt tbe dis- _ - proof?) that Christianity has accomplished, - . and is now accomplishing, all that its early ad- j locates dootared it would. I further affirm - >i tbat Spiritualism has as yet shown ntr -. capacity to do that which it professes to do,, but ... , tbat, judged by its fruits iu America, its legiti- l mate result is to increase "sin and. misery." -7 > When Mrs, B. says tbat it requires mora thar - twenty-five years to remedy all tbe evils of tin lust 1800 years, sbe is evidently forgetting what . site has previously declared in her lectures as it' Iho great antiquity of spirit intercourse- Spiritualism was on its trial for at least 200C ; , years before Christ came, and what were its fruits? SVilltho lady toll us! If her reply is, ; that " tho nature ot spirits and spiritual exist- ' ' onco" are only now beginning to be known , I .. ask, is this ia nccordanco with tho testimony oi 7% history upon the matter? Did not the heathen priests understand those things at least as woll as , the Spiritualists of tho present day ? Dut snppos- ing that these things are only now beginning to bo known, wby is this; and bow ia it . that these great benefits of Spiritualism ; 7 j| have keen kept from tbe world for neai six thousand years? Has tho nature of man :l undergone a ehango ; or bare tho spirits received ! an accession of power during the last quarter of n - . -'i centnry? These are not light questions, nor are 7 | they asked sueeringly. I do not desire to bo more . : j personal than is absolutely necessary, and Yvill ;- therefore say that no referenco wonhl havo Leon '- 7' roailo to the Spiritist practice of making a charge to hear their now goBpel but for their, con- - . linuaily harping upon this matter, and making ii a standing charge against ministers of Iho gospel, I am prepared to admit tbat tbis matter is toe „7 often mado a matter of merchandise ; but what. > proofaro tho Spiritists giving that it is not Lhosame with them? All thoir lecturers obtain a liveli hood by it, and thoy oxact payment iu advance. '.' Tho polut I sought to bring ont was this : that if 7 the Spiritualists are so philanthropic as they pro- . 'j fuse, and if thoy havo really discovered tho grand , jj pauacea for human ills, wby do thoy not show j their philanthropy by supporting thoir advocates' ' -j! nnd giving their gospel free ? I would remind - , j Aire. Britten that there is no " bench of bishops," 7 ' ji nor yot a " wholo hioratchy supported by the 7 |j money of tbe people," either in Australia or - <j| America, hut that there are tens of thousands of : ' . , i pounds freely contributed by tboso wlic ;- 7) lore Christianity, in order that tho pool ' J may bnvo it freely preached to them, -it The Spiritualists of Melbourne are not poor; Id ' 'j thorn then give tho proof tbat they are so very 7 much better tban the "benoficcd Christians." . /: YYhile M. YY. Green does not profess to bo one of If tho "comfortably beneficed" and "self- jj sacrificing divines" referred to by Mrs. B., he j| would remark tbat tho peopla be is associated' ' with may be held ap as worthy of imitation by x " j| tbo Spiritualists, inasmuch as wbilo thoy sup- : , if port preachers they do it out of their owu pockets, i| and make known the i'OiDel free of any charuo.— S Yours, kc.. Fitzroy, 10th June. M. W.GllEEN. J 