Ciandcnnius igetur, .Iliveiics dam sumus; Ad Jiicmidnm jurentutoin i, ; . ' Ad lnolostsin soiieetiitcm ; / Jlmnus nos habebat. , ' - Tiif.be appear lo be somo little hope that a compromise in respect to tho Main Lino.of Railway will.bii attuiiiud.. . ilonor- ablo liiombor seem now to liavb arrivod at the conclusion that tlio bono with which tlioyjiavo no long, boon amusing .tliom-. solves, ha toally nothing mora loft upon it, and aro now, perhaps, on tlio look out for tho samo nrtiolb of a 'moro' promistrtg' nppcaranoo. . .Inmllpphasos; of lour lives, thoro is ouch a thing as satiety, and we cannot but.think that wo. are. now expe riencing that Uiipiousant fooling ill rospect to our main lino. : . But; a is usually the caso, wlion wo aro on tho verge of dispair, somo kind . soul .stops in, and lo ! tho horizon which . presented < nothing to our vision but; cloud?, suddenly assumed a different,) aspect, , at\d ;tho, day, .which threataned')i .to :jpog ;ane.,iof darkness,: pr'oiiiises a moro plossiiniblo view. For ;otice,' tlio . honorable : .member for Fingal lias - distinguished himself, it nay bo unwittiiigly ; bilt it is I not in our naturo to bogrudgo anyone tlio honor to wliioli he may so fairly bo on titled. Wo quite ngroo ' witli. tlio lion, mumbor tlint tlio sncrilico of a foiv thousands, in ordor to roliabilitato tlio credit , of: tho. country, is worthy of con sideration, and wo, sincoroly :hopo that on Tuesday noxt tho lirst stop in tlio right direction will bo mado. Evcryono will' thon. mentally shako, hands, and! the congratulations, ' if' not loud, will at auy rate bo doop. But is onr Premier rosily, in earnest with the good work I. lie. must really oxeuso this enquiry on) our part, but. it occurs to us tlmt if, ho ivoro so, was it liocossary that the hot cliostnuts, which, howovor nice a, condiment,1 are' not pleasant to tlio touch, should bo: confided to another porson's fingers, . It is not qveryono who would undertako so friondly an act -, the . Promier can therefore bo con gratulated . in linviug so. accommodaling a " creature" in the hour of. need. But is' the lion, gontlanian sincoro ? If so, he has a tt-ido. field of iisofulnoss heforo,him,;and lio must liot puuso by tho way, like .a child who treads tho ico for tlio first time.. ' It would bo really, we imagine, carrying conls to Nowbasllo, to venture upbn in- ' dicating the' path ' that lies' before :the lion. , gontloinaii ; .' to . one , so .gifted us ' 'hhnsolf.itwoiild bo perhnps considorod tho next thing to slioor impertinonoo. , How ovor'. wo will' take heart by '.tho way. , It wbuld almost appear tlmt the' smaller the country, tho moro difficult it is to govern. Why should it bo so I Tho only suggos- tion'.wb 'can 'offor ' is, '.that ' nHrrow-minded- ness'and s.olllshhcss . coiiio to tlio' surface' in' an 'Diverse' 'proportion to1 tlib larger population ; and not only tine, but it should bo' rcmeinbored tlioro aro se few opportunities ' of oxtending .our) 'mental faculties when living' ' ill cbtupiir'ativo isolation. Unintentionally, and without thought, wo accommodate oursclyes to tho liltlo affairs of overydny life, and matters which would scarcoly afford 'us' a transient consideration aro raisod from molohilis into mountains. It is por- foetly correct,- that; : in' looking upwards, we should look to our feet ; in spend ing our means .wo should havo ail bye to tho coins of lessor value, or wo might find onr .put-so, when least expecting it, somewhat lighter than pleasant. Small things liave'thoir value, and thoir proper place, but they should novel- bo allowed to: usurp tlio positions of views and senti ments .more . cosmopolitan in thoir ton- dapce — UXiPW''k.tliiwlf:-tlkp.,V(fuo5ltl dovoutly to bo -hoped that tho inoro -un-' ploasantdinio of their sojoiirii In our eity is drawing to a close, that the mental tension consequent ; upon the position thoy havo accepted, and wo doubt not with tho moat thorough good faith, will soon givo plnco to a moro enjoyable period, and tliatthoy will not turn their backs upon tho colony without enjoying many daya of plea'surablo recreation, to which thoir past labors so fairly entitle them. Tf , wo do ht this moment fancy mattora :aro wearing the color of tho rose, we trust wo may bo pardonod it is' not oftbn' that wo can indulgo in an agrocablo hour wliilo oontomplnting our political arena . May we liopo tlmt our vision of tho futuro will bo realised ; may wo hope that the real welfare of our liltlo colony will ongago tho attention of our legislators ; and last, but not least, may we not have engraven .upon our tablots— " We did live in hopes, but we died in despair." . _ Lroislative C'odxcii.. — —In the Leeislativc Council yesterday, petitions in connection with the Presbyterian Church: wero ordered to. bp printed. Mr. Inncs expressed 1 his opinion tpat the Government negotiations with the Main ' Line Railway deputation were cf a pedling character. Dr. G'rowther asked .tiie Colonial Secretary, to produce n letter from Colonel Grey to the Government that did not appear in, tiie -printed: corre spondence.'- The Colonial Secretary promised to lay it upon tho table of tho House, if such hnd been received. Tlio Council, nt its rising, adjournod till 4 o'clock this ovoning. ll H«»« Of iAhsE.uni.Y. — Tlio busiiicss in the Lower Hopsp was very important yesterday. In Committee of Supply tin: Premier moved the appropriation of tlio railway interest, amounting. to £30,938 13s, ?i|. He was fei; lowed; by Mr.' Iteiliey, nnd. by nearjy all the otiier memliers, the majority of whom expressed themselves favorable to the motion , In a practical niul characteristic nddrass Mr.' Douglas, advocated. tlio acceptance of 'the compromise offered by tlio deputation, and moved n motion' providing.for the payment of the interest from July 1 to November 1, 1S7C. It was ruled by the Chairman that siieh'caula not be reaelrerl,: nnd it was with-: drawn. , 'The , motion of Lliu Premier was carried at a minrter to 10 p.iB„ without a dissentient.' : ,Mr.:Balfewitiutrow Iiis motion calling for, papers connected with the Delo-' ramo mill site, as tlio. Sneaker. ruled .tliat it was not witiiin'the prbvin'co of the Hoiise'to' deal until questions relating to the Council 1 \- sir. Jialfq liowod to the ruling, and : tlio motion was withdrawn. Mr. Dooloy's motions for tiie production of petitions re the Morsoy and Dclaraino Railway were agreed to Mr : Mitchell moved' tliat Crown lands rentali .ehould be collected half-yearly, which was > agreed: to,- as was also his other resolution oh . tho f suhjeot iofi "immigration. ,. The Houso adjounied at 10 o'clock till :tJiii afternoon, when the Bailway Bill will ho introduced. Launceston Brevities.— Yesterday morn- ing, Sergeant Coghlen discovered, lying amongst some nettles on the Westbury road, an old woman named Flora North. She was almost insensible with cold, and completely prostrated by hunger. The Sergeant ob-- tained some brandy, and, having revived the poor creature, conveyed her in a cab to the General Hospital,— Tiie larrikins are making a raid on the old men. Tho other night a poor bid, fellow was, roilsrj into, tho gnttor, and his mouth stuffed with mud and filth ; and Oil Thursday night an old pyin known by the sobriquet of "Cagey" was ae upon by about 20 lads, who abused anil maltreated liini. The man endeavored to protect him self with'a small handsaw which ho "carried,1 butitins only had tlio'cffuct 6f ' drawing upon ; himself ra volley of stones'. 5 1 Tiie » poor n follow was released by a member of tho fourth es tate. — Launcestcu Correspondent ; i cs'ib FaTsVLitv to HoiWf«. — The equine tribe suffered diminution in its numbers yesterday to a rather extraordinary extent, for we heard from different portions of the town .of tlio death of four animals. In only one instance .was tlio demiso, tlio .result of 'acci- denti,randf tliat 'bccuiTe'd- at tho comur; of Diivoy' aiui Hurrington'/BtruuU, injtlin fore noon. Tlio horse, which' was tho property of Mr. James Matches,, of Battery l oint, was harnessed,- to' a.sinall- cart and being driven into town, when'it Htumblcd and fell, receiving such injury tliat it was unablo to rise. Ultimately its throat was cut, ami the, body was" romo ved W o havehot heard the eauso of tlio deatii in the other thrco in- stauccs, but. it certainlv.appo.ars strange that in one day four ot the noble creatures should ccaso to live. . D'Ahuy Rbad's Ghost.— T)iis outortein-. merit was' again well patrohisedlii thoTowii Haiila-st might, i'atid will be repealed this" evcttiug. Theatre Royal.— Thero was a vory good audionco last ovening at the theatre; wlicn tho V Flying Scud" was repeated, with the 'same, success as previously. , To-night the "ShaughrHun" will he reproduced. Tub VJauumon Band.— St. Joseph's Rand, now thu band of r the Rllle Rugimiint, is in future tolho'known aa the Garrison' Baud; ITerr ' Carl 'Sclmiitt has bcon appointed niastorof tlio (iJarrison Band, with tho status fand. uniform of licuteuant.— " Examiner." . Uno!.aimbi> Tblkgiiam.— \V« have re: ccived front the local oilioe the iiiformution, tliat an unclaimed telegram is lying there for Mr. S.; Wardol, Elizabetli-street. , Death ot Mu. Locis Acnkw.— It is witli great regret . tliat - we announce tlie sudden death of this young gehtlumah, the eldest son of . tlie Hon. J. \V. Agnow, M.L.C., which wns telegraphed from Mel bourne yesterday. Tho young- gentleman was 24 years of age, and wa» a native of Tlnlmrt Town, where lie had' many friends, lie returned about nine mouths ago from a tour through America and Europe, and . in July Inst married, the youngest daughter of- ,the late. Mr. Samuel, l'age. , They left for Melbourne soon' afterwards, with tho inten tion of staying .there for a few 'months, bcfqi-e proceeding 'to - England,' hut tlie young hus band was suddenly attacked with a aevoro illness; which: within a very short timo resulted fatally, . Whon the sad uows -be came known'yesterday aftcriiooii, tliorc were on all sides expressions of sympathy for his' widow, and worthy father. Dr. Agnew left town last evening for Lauuccston, en route to Melbourne, to be present at Iiis son's fiunoral. . Wiggins v. Dkgbaveh.— This lengthy esse, in wlticli tho plaintiff claimed £3000 damages for having been improperly pre vented; by'; tlio defendant from carrying out his contract for the erection of a hotel in Macqnarie-struct, was brought to a close yestorday e veiling,' ami resulted in favor of Mr. Degravcs, Three or four witnesses having been examined for;th«qdefendaut,:.the jury was addressed by learned counsel, niul tlie indue summed u». The jury retired nt twenty minutes past 4 o'clock; and after they had deliberated lor some time; it was agreed : that a verdict of six should be taken. They then found, iu reply, to tlio questions put to .them by llis Honor on the first count, tojthe effect (that Mr. >Viggius had" had. no right, under the contraot, to 'insist upmi tlio iinuio- diato removal of ' the Royal Oak ) Intel, hnd that Mr. Dcgraves had' not- therefore iicon guilty of a breach of contra#. . This amounted to a .vcrdiut for the defendant ; but the Attorney-General miicd the point thnt tlio meaning uf tlio written contract should not have liecn left to the jurv, but should have been cqnstrucd by the Court ; and tlic question' will have to bo decided by the Court above. VOn the second count a . : verdict was given for tho defendant, and on tlio third tlio plaintiff admitted at tho trial that tlio money paid in for work, and labor done was sufficient. Consequently, tho vcr- , diet was generally for tlic dufomlaut, subject, to tlio legal point reserved. Tho costs will ' be paid by tho defendant up to the time of the pica, of payment into court and the othor costs, Ayill ho liornc by Mr. .Wiggins, who, of course, receives tlic-£400 paid in..1 > Benevolent Souiktv.—' The usual meeting of tlie Executive Committee of this Society was held at the office, Bathurst-atraefc, at 4 registrar, reported- tliat fiO" baiis hiid'been attended to during tho last week ;; 131 indi viduals wero relieved, with 47 full, and three half, rations. . Five |>c rutins hnd returned to the Brickholds ; nine had 1>cgii discharged from tho Cascades i and three from Now Town. ,8ixoasoi had been enquired into— four boing relieved, and two refused. On# of those cases by which benevolent Institu tions aro frequently victimised, was brought before the meeting by Mr. Witt, lio having investigated tho matter. . -A man unmet John Wilson, hailing from Oatlands, applied to th# registrar for an order to bo .aiiiuittcil to. tho hospital, which he received, .'repre senting that'ho ,was niarricd to a woniaii who had alio' made application. Mi\ Witt; upon the strength ' of this application,' coi-w- sponded witli the Rev. 'Mr. Campbell, pastor at the abovu-namod township, on tho ' subject; and received an answer to theoffeot that the individuals referred to were not married. It also transpired, from another source, that the two impostors had been dnnking heavily in ft his city .for some time. This is one'of the many occasions in which Mr, Witt has shown his energetic prompt- ness in preventing tlie society, from imposi- . " Peesuvteiiiax- manazine."' — Wo sc- knowlotlqo tho receipt of tlie above maga zine, anil congratulate tiie proprietors on tho very nice form in which it is placed lieforo the public. The obituary notice of tho late Rev. Dr. Lang will no doubt lio read with interest. Ho was a man who had. tlio best interests' of . iiis ..adopted country at heart, and will bo long mourned by tlioso who knew him best, r Wo notice among tho well written contents, " Papers for the Young" entitled 1 ; About the Railway.". We i' re commend the por'usal to 'our young readers. IVe also notice tliat the annual meeting of the Presbytery will take place at St. Andrew e Church, Laiinceston, on the last Tuesday of .tliia month,' : when ' tlio Rev.' AIox. Doctor, of Sorell;. will', lie i inducted as Moderator. II anted an OWNER.— The police require a/i owner for a large sizo copper preserving pan, which is in their hands. i , i I - 