rsJEWS OP THE DAY Tho Assam, with the jSuropean mails, left HobBon's Bay this afternoon, The passenger list and shipments of gold will be found in another column. The matter of the alleged embracery in connection with Oounty Court jurors, is still engaging the carefnl attention of the Crown Law department. Should the investigations now being made sustain the allegation steps will probably be taken to pnnish the culprit or culprits, in a manner commensurate with the offence. The impedimenta having been removed, work was commenced in earnest on tho Oakleigh railway line this morning, at Sonth Tarra, About two hundred men were pat on, and next week Mr Higgins ex pects to have from COO to 700 on portions of the line embracing its whole extent. That this will give a much noedod impetus to the labor market there can be no doubt. The delay iu the commencement of the work has beon caused chiefly by the exorbitant demands made for compensation by owners of land on tho traok of the railway, One man the lucky proprietor, of two acres of utterly unimproved freehold, put in a claim for £4000. thus wise— Value of laud, £2000 ; value of clay sub< soil under it, £1600 ; value of improvements, a bark shanty, £400. Another the possessor of halt an acre of virgin sail, with a broken-down fence around, and a min- mia in ono corner, demands £1600 for his little bit cf land, Theso and other holders, of like rapacious ap petites will have to bo content to allow their claimB to bs submitted to arbitration, for which pnrpoee no doubt a board will be appointed at an early date. Tenders for the following works io con nection with the Victorian railways were annouooed this morning at tho Board Room, Lands Office : — For the erection of a goods shed at St. Arnaad, James 8ilk, £1133 2s 3d ,- for do at Horsham, Henry Belt, jno., £1170 7s 3d j for do at Wahgunyah, Thomas Oorley, £1210 8s Id ; for the construction of fifteen horse boxes, A, Harkness, £3746 5s . At the Oity Polico Court this morning, six men, in the employ of the Melbourne Harbor 1'ruBt, were charged with having, yeaterday, at Wright Bnd Orr's dook, on the Yarra, been guilty of oonduot calculated to provoke a breach of the pence. The evi dence was, that the defendants commenced to dig up the ground on the bank of the dock, and refused to desist whon requosted to do so by the police ; that thoy (the defendants) wero obstructed by some of Wright and Otr'a men, and that, in tho judgment of the police, a tjreaoh of the peaoe was to be apprehended. The defendants were arrested on a oharge of wilfully damaging property, but to-day were oharged with conduct calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. The latter charge wasnot sustained, and the defendants were, therefore, discharged. Mr Quinlan appeared on behalf of the Orown to prosecute; and Mr PnrveB dofonded the accused, Tho Early Closing Association will give a grand promenade concert in aid of tho Mel bourne Hospital in the Botanical Gardens, to-morrow afternoon. The programme, which ie an excellent one, is given in fall in our advertising columns. The managers of the concert specially request visitors -to purchase their tickets before going to the i gardens, or to provide thomsolvos with tbo exact amonnt of the chargo for ad mission, one shilling: In tho presant fine weather, the attendance should be au large as to giva a substantial addition to the hospital funds. With reference to a report in The Hebald of Thursday evening, re tho pro ceedings against 11 r Bayless, we are in formed that the statement that that gentle man had been eonflnod in gaol is incorrect, and that tho Jwrit of capias was sot asido without his having beon under arrest in any shape, Mails containing letters, &c;,, for despatch by tho Ban Francisoo Matt will bo forwarded from Melbourne on Tuesday 8th inst. Mails will close as under : — Letters and packets at 12 noon, nowspapers at 11 a m , late letters (if bearing a "late fee" of 3d. oncb letter) to 12.30 p.m. Letters may be registered up to 11 a.m, Letters, &c;,, addressed to the Continent of Europe, will bo forwarded via San Francisco and the Doited Kingdom, if so endorsed, and boaring tbo proper postage. By the Oalifornlan mail particulars havo been received attending the death of Mr AVoodB, tbo well-known brewer, at Scarbo rough, England. It appears that tbo de ceased gentleman, in company with a son and two friends, was bathing on the sands opposite the hotel in which he was stopping, and on coming from the water, he said, " Ob, dear, it's very oold,"and immediately foil down, as it proved, dead. His son ran to the hotel for a doctor, and some restorative stimulants, bnt on his return, life was found to be extinct. A good specimen of Yankee cnteness came under the notice of the magistrates at the Oity Polico Oonrt this morning, when a newly arrived citizen of the American Bopublic, named George Hoflman, was charged with obtaining £15 from a follow countryman, named Oulonel Albert BriBted, an officer belonging to the regular army of the United States, who ie at present on a visit to these colonies. Tho colonel stated in his evidence that ho boenmo acquainted with the prisoner on board ship duriug tho passage out from New York, During the voyage, Hoflman ingratiated himself with Colonel Hristad, and having informed that gentleman tbat be held a letter of credit for £4000 on Messrs Lorimer, M arwood and Rome, the soldier very kindly on landing oflerod to bo the prisoner's bank until bo had presented his letter of credit, nod obtained from Col, Bristed various snbis of money, amountiug in the aggregate to £15. The Colonel and Hoflman took up their quarters at tho Law Courts Hotel, and tho prisoner bnnded an envelope which ho said contained tho letter of credit for £1000 to Colonel BreBtod, witli the request that he would place it in his strong box for greater security until he pre sented it, Day followed day with the utmost regularity withont Hoflman attempt- ing to present the letter to Mr Lorimer, until tho Colonel became somowhat tired with the monotony of tho delay, and on yesterday the creditor made it bis business to attend at the offico of the firm above ulludud to, where he ascertained that Hofl man had presented a letter of credit for £1, which was duly honored. Returning to hie hostelry, Colonel Bristed opened the enve lope entrusted to hie care by Hoflman, nod found to his astonishment that it contained merely a blauk piece of writing paper. Bnddened at bis credulity, and enraged at "man's ingratitude to man," as exemplified by Hoffman; tbo officer sought tho swindler, whom upon finding ho gavo into tho custody of Constable Burton, Tbe fellow tbis morning, with the utmost „ nonchalance, admitted hie guilt, and got ofl wi'.h the comparatively light sentence of ono mouth's imprisonment, An extension of the St. Kildn lioo of tho Melbonrno and Tramway Omnibus Company to tho seaside is notified to take place oa Monday next, on and after which day wag gonettes will run from tbo Esplanade Hotel, to tho -Alma road via Bobo and Gurnor streets, connecting with tho large 'buses for Melbourne every few minutes. The fare by the waggonettes will bo twopenco, with eight tickots for one shilling. Visitors to the St. Kildn baths and the seaside will bo greatly accommodated by thiB extension. An accident, the resnlt of which was a narrow escape from injury on the part of ono of the participators, occurred at the corner of Swanston and Bourke streets tbis morniug. A borsa with a heavy cart attached, the occupants of which ware a man aud a little child about four years aid, shied at a hawker's cart, bolted aod came violently iu collision with a post at tho corner of Swan ston street. The shock was great enough to throw both man and child into the road, the wheel of tbe vehicle passing over the wholo length of tbe child's body. Bomo anxiety wns felt by the bystanders, as, on raising the child, it lay very still for a few moments bnt on examination it was fonnd that, beyond a few slight bruises on the face, no injury had been received. On Wednesday evening the members of tbe West of England Lodge United Ancient Order of DruidB made a presentation of a handsome diamond ring to Bro. J, P. Keat ing, in recognition of his valuable services to the lodge during the past six yenrs. The presentation was made by President Brother cchiam on behalf of tbe lodge. The ring bore a suitable inscription on tbo inside, A number of official visitors were present, It is worthy of mention that Bro. Keating has never accepted office; bnt, as a private mem ber of the lodge, has ronderod each services as evoked the recognition made last avail ing. i Some fool in Prahran has been personating a gboBt daring the laBt week, and a mist chievoUB one at that. On Tuesday night, about eleven o'clock, ha appeared io n married woman, residing in n small streot ofl the railway, oloihed io a long white dress, and frightened her into hysterics. Tbo matter was reported to the police, but last night tho serio-comic farce was repeated, when, in Chapel street the "ghost" started np in front of a fellow half Bens over, who showed no fear of possible spirits, and made fight. His ghostsbip then drew soma blant instrument from his breast, aud felled tbo man he bad attempted to frighten with a blow which blackened both his eyes. It is more than possible that the offender will be caught, and if so n dose of "cat" may act as a curative. A good story of a squatter comes to the Melbourne correspondent of the VYarruam- bool Guardian from Bivcrina. In that district resides ono of the meauuBt ami richest wrelcheB in these colonios. Of land ho has over 100,000 acres, of money no ood, but ho lives the lifo of a miser, and is aeon on his own station in bluo snirt and molcBkins. The post office authorities deliver a special mail bug ut bis place. Bui. cently a new driver went upon the lino, and when hoBtoppedat tho slip-panel, where the mail bug was to be dollverod, v. commonly-dretsed wizened old man was there to rccoivo it. " Ho you'ro old 's man?" askod tho driver. i'YeB," was the reply. " Well, here's old 'ei bag," said the Jehu. 11 How is it that yon stop with him? I'm told ho'o tho ngiieBt, meanest, dirtiest old enr in Biverinn." "Nae doot, nso dcot," ropiiedtbe bine -shir tod one, "he's a vera bad mon." "Ah I you'ro a country.- man of hip," enid tho driver, " that aoconnts for your stopping with him." "More than that," was the reply. " A relativo ?" queried the driver. "No," wns the reply," I'm Mr himself," More I need not Bay, A very lively meeting wbb (says the Geelong Advertiser) held in the reading-room at Mack's Hotel last evening, the business being to consider where the National Show should be held in future. There wero 150 persons present, and, as it appeared that n number of tbo Melbonrne exhibitors were dceiroas of having tho ebow pormanantiy established in the metropolis, the suggestion to fix the show was opposed in a most Btrennous manner. Tho disenssion which ensued on a motion and au amendment was of a very bitter description, tbe speakers iutlniging in remarkable forcible language, At times scenes of almost indescribable confusion were enacted, and the meeting decided at the end of o two hours' sitting that tho question should bo left to the various Agricultural and Tantornl Bscieties to settle. The senscn for snake stories appears to have arrived. Tbo Marong correspondent of the Bendigo Advertiser says : — Fletcher's Greek nppears to be infested by those loath some creatures, as no sooner does the wnrm weather Bet in than soveral of them are despatched in the vicinity. In addition to tbe one which wne killed by Mr Dodds the other day, another lnrge ono shared a similar fate on Sunday last, and two others have already been seen close to the same spot. SevcrnI residents in tbis snake-haunted chain of wntcrholes aver that they have more than once seenamonstor reptile, which they describe hb being fully 16 feet long, and with a girth ns thick bb a man's wrist. If this be so, it must belong to the boa con- a'.ric'or species. So far tbe noxious " var mint" hns eluded pursuit, but in a few days a battue is to bo formed to hunt the creature up. According to tho Sydney Evening News, there is every probability that tho sug gestion recently made by a Viotorian cricketer to Mr Evans, having reforonco to tho formation of a combined team of eleven cricketers to do battle with the Australian team on their return, will bo enrriad out. We learn that a meeting of tho principal cricketers of Sydney has been held, nt which the snggestion wns generally approved, and ono of the number presont was instructed to communicate with some of tho best cricketers in Melbourno to learn whether they f avourr nbly entertained tho proposal. Twelve orickctsrs— seven representing New Sonth Wales and fivo Yictoria — were mentioned as the most competent to constitute a team of sufficient strength to hold their own agsiDBt the almost invincible Australian team, It is proposed to play a nnmber of matches in the chief towns of New Sonth Wales and Yictoria prior to tbe arrival of the Australians, for tbe purpose of getting themselves into thorough cricketing form. This ie just the kind of reception the Australians would like to have; and it wonld bo a credit to the colonies if, with another team, we defeated the players who had dono so much with the English players. The proposal, on a pnrely sentimental notion, is opposed by one of the Melbunrnc jonrnais. Onr (Geo long Advertiser) Drysdale corres pondent writes : — " A numbor of cattle have been choked, lnleiy, along the be.tch about 81\. Leonards, in a strange, manner. The young sbHrke, which arc very plentiful on that be 'Ob, are, when caught by tho fisher men, left lving on tho Bhore, When about half dry, it nppears that tho young cattle are very fond of them, and in trying to masti cate the dainty morsel, it nppnrently bocomes fixed in their throats." Tho Sydney Evening News observes: — Although an example was made of oue of the Hydo Park habitues for using profane language in that place Inst Sunday week, it appears to have been ineffective. A man nnmed Joshua Jones was brought up at the Central Police Court yesterday for the same offence, the language given utterance to being of a still more profapo character than tbat for whioh Day was h'eavily fiDed. The magistrates imposed on Jones tho maximum penalty, namely, £5, or in default, three months' imprisonment. The fine was not forth coming, and Jones was forced to go to gnol. Thn Jewish holidays will be contiauod from tills evening: at sunset. Our advertising columns an nounce that tho Monster Clothing Company's pre mises, and tlioso owned by other Jewish citizens, will be closed from sunBOt this evening until siuisot on Saturday evening and all day on Monday next. 