>, OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT -j BOOLONG-. He jests at scars who never felt a womitl — Romeo. One of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, ' of Bpplong, bad of bis youthful days, he used to declare, f was when he made his first and only appearance as |an , actor at a" private amateur theatrical entertainment athis own, house in Boolpng. Ho, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor— to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their sever.al theatres, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense , in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having .scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do tbp thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the stage," and one or two seely outcasts of the profession); and be looked forward to the pro luction of 'bis pet play, 1' Hamlet," himself as the Priiice, with much excitement, not, unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' -month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their I words beOore the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was '. intoxicated, and the King likewise; Ophelia, an amateui-, I burst into a nervous fit of tears, before she said a dozen .lines. Banbury was roared at bythe local personages who ' .assembled to. assist at the amateur performance. But this , was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, and he could not meet them. "The fellows," he used to say; ' " allowed me to have whatever I wanted oh credit; because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method ist, would pay them, biit I knew very well he would do no such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there wa? one thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre. " What was he to do ? ' His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house ho had furni.shed for him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he to do ? His creditors would not wait and he would "be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose bis bouse, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his name, thanks to the timely aid of one who is a friend to the drama as well as to the rest of- the world, who advanced him the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it was the champion of the distressed, DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east. Who has from £5 to £10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without ; security), i salary , orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods; merchandise; on expected remittances, or oh moneys perr sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and niortgages from 6 per cent. 