[?] Love is an intoxication. ' Yes,' says a sour bachelor, ' but a year of matrimony will sober you up.' The man who ' couldn't trust his feelings ' is supposed to dp business strictly on the cash principle. An old bachelor is a man who, tiirough selfish motives, has refrained from making some woman wretched. An English aurist was bo remarkably clever that, having exercised his skill on a very deaf lady, who had been hitherto insensible to the nearest and loudest noises, she had tho happiness next day of hearing from her husband in Aus tralia. ' There's our Jeremiah,' said Mr. Shelton, ' ho went off to make his own living by his wits.' 'Well, did he succeed ?' inquired a friend. 'No,' said the old man, with a sigh, and significantly tapping his head, ' he failed for want of capital.' we are uuormcu uiui mo pneu oi uiuiiiuuub wan ubv« bo low at present, and now is a favourable time to purchase them.' This is welcome news. We shall tftko our market basket this evening and go out and purchase our next winter's stock. The phonograph may bottle up the voice and pass it down to future ages ; but the smile that twists the face of a man as he seeks solitude and gazes upon his name in print for the first time, will always nave to be e^ucssed at. Instead of asking ' Will you please write in my auto graph album. Miss Kellogg ? ' they will soon have tho question, ' Will you please sing in my phonograph ?' Booth, as Othello, left the imprint of his painted moustache on the lips of Desdemrma, in Baltimore. Slio tried to wipe off the black mark, but only epratd it over her face, and for once the wronged wife died amidst uproarious laughter. Yesterday a green-looking couple, evidently newly married, called at a photograph gallery and wanted their pictures taken. Just as tho operator had got his plate ready the man called him aside, and said he wanted to nslc a favour. ' I was told in Carson that you took tho best pictures in tho the State. Now you see Sal and me got hitched down there last Monday ; now ber folks go a good, deal on style, and they live in the States. They never saw me, and if I send my mug back East they'll be dead agin me sure. I'm a darned sight better than I look, and when folks know mo they vote me a brick. Now, what I wont is to get sonio good-looking fellow to sit with Sal for a picture. Will you stand in? She's willin'. Them big side wiskers of yours will catch'em sure and create harmony. You look like a solid capitalist, while they'd take me for a pretty larcency thief.' The photographer enjoyed the idea immensely, and sat with ' Sal' for tie picture, which will doubtless carry joy into the household of the Eastern relatives in a week or so. In a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man, who was also a very great favorite with tho audience, in tho Banquet scene he'had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, 'Hence! hence! hence !' when he dropped on his knee, covering his fact) with his robe, and -shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, 'It's all right now, Smith ; Ms gone.' 