THE MERCURY. WEDNKSDAY M0RN1N0, AUQUST28,1S7S. Tuf. proceedings in both Houses of Parliament were yesterday of tho briefest duration. Tlio Colonial Sbcketaky in tho Council, and tho PiiTSMlKB in'the Assoniblj', briofly referred to tito liugociattous between Govorninont and tho Hall- way Company vljich have occupied the adjourn- ment, mid which hail .evidently iii) to liiilf-past throe o'clock yesterday »fiernoon resulted in nothing. At that hour Government received a Jetter front Colonel Giiby, of tho contents of -which nothing yan said oxcopt that in b>»th Houses tlio hope wiu> expressed that to-day' Ministers will be in a position to ask the assent of Parliauuyit ¿o spnio definite impositions for a settlement of thjs much vpxud question. The PiiKMiKit was specially hopeful in the language ho used, and we trust the result may justify his sanguine anticipations. We cn», however, ossuro hiin that among members of the Opposition there is not tho same confidence in Minière sajwing the .assent of tlio House of Assembly. A sejt|e Hiei¿ by tlio present Ministeis does not suijt the tactics cf the Opposition, and we «hall not be surprised if, uftor the Premier has to-day made his stuteniciit, Mid nssuuiing it contains the clements ofnn a(ljti*fment, a fni'tJier adjourn- ment is moved for to giy.o the Opposition time to consider how bust to turi} ,tb.o situation to the advantage of the party, and, it may be, bring up their forces in suppôt t of the Conyjajuj'. pn any matter of dotail mi which the Deputation aitay seek better "tenus Ihon Government may" bç. willing to conpedc. >V* fa^not help thinking ' that Ministers have played if/to the hands of the OpiMwitiou iu seeking delay, j)) so far,¡a» while .laying ?befoi;o Pur] ¡titiMifcA Case and Opinion <>f Counsel which wu lu* day publish, they did îiut also lay bofore Parliament tho euiTospoiidonoe milich Jins taken place hotweon the Government and the Dujuita tion. Of courao prudential reasons may hu ndvancod fui- 'the roücencií. We may bo told that it would hi) iiiifair to publwlj the corres- pondence containing tlio record of négociations still ]iunding. But, in Hw iir-it place, ¿hi» wot*i4 be no unswer Avhon a party purpose lias to_ i>o scn-ed ; in tlie next placo, the past négociations linvo misowiMj failed. The sottloineut, (f uilf, will arise, not out dence, but out of Golontt Oukv's letter handed to Government yesterday aitovnoon. Till wo have tho whole iece»t coi rcspondoce* bflforo us, wo shall abstain from adding to what «uVfc.>'0 already said as to the twins on whio\i a ¡ settlement should bo made. If the Premier's statement that while Col. Grey was courteous, yet firm, Ministers had shown equal firmness, will prove to have boen a fair representation of their line of conduct, we shall not despair of such a settlement as will have regard to the interests of the Colony. It is lack of firmness wo, with others, havo all along feared ; and, there can be no doubt, that both the Deputation and the Opposition have been calculating on the Premier's reputed failing. A courteous firmness cn his part is what the Colony now requires ; and the knowledge that the eyes of supporters and opponents, of the whole Colony in fact, aro upon him will, no doubt, prevent him from any more of that facile concession on the part of more than ono Ministry which has, according to the opinion of Counsel, placed the Colony in the predicament of having legally committed itself to the payment of the interest, while the merits of the case and moral right are with the Colony. We shall not attempt disputing the conclusions at which Counsel'have arrived. Common sense is against their Opinion, but we must not forget that it has been arrived at on purely legal technicalities which are very rarely in accordance with the notions of the non-legal mind. The sum and Bubstance of the Opinion is that the Colony having given way to over I1 generous impulses, and extended a helping hand not demanded of it to the Company in its hour of difficulty, has rendered itself legally liable in consequences which a more stern discharge of duty would have avoided. In our sympathy we extended help to a Company the Chairman of which repaid us by attempting to destroy our good name, and to do us a pecuniary injury. In answer to tile doleful supplication of the local manager, wo as a Colony extended him pecuniary assist- ance, mid the result has been that what was in fact a loan was in law an acknowledgment of an obligation, and a payment to account. In the case submitted we find the statements thati'iii the foco of representations that tho Line would have to bo closed if the Colony did not givo tho Company pecuniary assistance by way "of loan, such assistance was given, and that further the then Government did in April, I 1877, entor into arrangements with the Railway Company for tho conveyance of mails by. the Company's trains. In the Opinion of Counsel, as expressed in the second paragraph of the first answer we read that the legal conse- quence of these facts was to show that " the reception of traffic upon the line was as- sented to by the'Government and the Colony, and that the Railway Company wero per- mitted and encouraged to work and continue working the line for the benefit of the Colony ; and, assisted by loans of money and by the subsidy afforded them for carrying the mails, the lino was recognised as the line bargained for, though no doubt all rights to complain of its defects wero reserved. And of precious value such rights of complaint are likely to prove ! We have, at any rate, the more immediate effect. Counsel say that "the Government cannot, after thus availing itself of the service as actually rendered, insist upon the defective state of the road as a ground for refusing payment of the interest or any part of it. ". It may be a poor satisfaction to now say that from the first wo feared such a result, and entered our protest both against pecuniary help and against the post office contract. But such as it is, we have it. We considered Mr. Meredith's conduct in assenting to the arrangement between Mr. Page and Mr. Grant for the transfer of the convey I ance of the mails from coach to train as nothing else than an act of sheer insanity. Whatever specious interpretations could be put upon the conduct of tho Colony in advancing the Company money on loan, there, should have been no hesitation in rejecting the use of tho railway for tho conveyance of mails ; it was a clear acknowledgment of train service, and consequently of contract service, which up to that timo the Colony had studiously dis- claimed. In this, 'as in tho contract for tho cable connecting this Colony with Victoria, Mr. Charles Mkremtu committed a blunder for which there is not a shadow of excuse. But we shall not, for obvious reasons, press the complaint nt present. We wage not war with a gentleman incapacitated from defend- ing himself. Tho danger of the concession in advancing tho Company Bums in loan, we urged even against tho opinion of lawyers. And, though tho lesson has been rather a dear one, it will not be without its advantago if it teach private Members not to inter- fere in what is properly tho businoss of Ministers of tho Crown, Mr. Innes, as Colonial Treasurer in June, 1870, and his col- leagues, had some compunctions in then advanc- ing the Company £3,000. But Mr. James Scott had no such hesitation when, in October thereafter, \%o relieved the Reidky Ministry of the difficulty thoy had in ostensibly interfering, and became their medium in successfully appeal- ing to the sympathy of tho .Assembly. On 3rd October, Mr. Scott carried, by 10 to J0; a motion for the House, " resolving itself into a Com- mittee of the whole to consider an Address to the Governor, praying that His Excellency will bo pleased to cause a Bimi to bo appropriated for the purpose of lending to the Main Line Railway Company's ugent, on such tenus o« may be approved of, so as to keep the Main Lino of Railway open for trafilo for the next six months." In tho minority wore all tins members of the prosont Ministry having then »eats in Parlia- ment. On tho day after Mr. Scoot submitted his motion, we said:-"If Mr. Scott is as true to the Colony as he is to tho Company, and if ho was sincero in saying that any proposod . appro- priation -would bo dependent on Ministers seeing theil1 way to giving it without prejudice to the position of the Colony, lion. Mombers will not go on with tim discussion in Committeo, without having first received $Jjo jirofossional opinion of the Attorney- General," {Mr, Bromby.) These views led to a discussion in the 4?aombly, and of a nature which may bo judged t)y wljat we said in our next issue. " The contemplated coil cession," wo wrote, "lins always been argued on the assumption that it could be done by such means as would leave tho terms and obligations of the contract _ intact, _ and, so loqg as the Manager is not in a position to make any con- cession or compromise, would not in any way prejudice the Colony, or weaken any legal position jt is now entitled to_ maintain. Mr. Scott, in submitting his motion, emphatically doclared it was not his intention to, in any way, weaken the position of the Colony, or interfere with the terms of the contract." And again. " If wo fire to secure a guarantee for a paltry advance of a few thousand pounds now at such a price, wo would much rather soe the sum voted as a gratuity. " And well would it have been for the Colony to-day had ¡taboon no voted. As it was, though the Council tho« pojested. tho temptation, the Assembly rosolved that the Government bo authorised to advnnco to tjjo Main Line Railway Company a loan not exceed- ing £15,000 upon such terms as the Executive Government may think fit, provided that the position of the Colony with regard to tho contract is not in any way imperilled." Four dnyx later, 14th Octoborj'.=. Par liaiueuilavy paper, House of Assombly, No, 83, l$7Ç-~Mr. Grant wrote tho Colonial Secretary, Mr, Rjkjvey, painting in doleful language tim impecunious condition of the Com- pany withoutiiNhlili)igtopayafoitñiglu?swagoá, - and urging a loan, " tl>« ÍVFWS to be pch as Parliament or Government may oliousc to niiposo, providing that the contract rights of neither flirty arc impaired." The italics only ai'o oura, The laugiUig.o .'? the language of Mr. Grant, Tho attention of Couusol does not seem to havo boen drawn to 'this stipulation on the part of tho Company, probably Vioeaueo legal construction defies the plain interpretation of language. LEaisLAXiyKCopNCiL.-This branch of the Legis- lative sat from yeptçrday,; the b'usineçs fjrausç«t;d was unimportant, A statement was matta PC^attog ¿o negotiations between the Maia Line Railway «eputftion and the Government; and. t)ho jankers' Act ' Anjçnanioiit Bill was partially considered in committee. The House »lil sit again at 4 or1 clock this afternoon. ' House ov AwesiHLy.- The House uiotyesjocday, when there was a full ottenduuc.e ,yf ¿émiser?, ¿iyj a considerable number of cfsitoM, ¿needing ffo\\. Grey and Mr. Davison, tho deputation /roiu the Main Lino Railway Company. A petit*»« was presented by Mr. Belbin from the non-medical uicfjibors of the Hospital Board in favour of tho rets^tjyu of the lion, medical officers as voting members, f£r. Douglas prescuted a petition from tho municipality in the Beale of voting n*j municipal e'ections. Notices of motion were talkA ftejbuy, Lewis, O'Reilley, Just, Guim, ^d the Minister «j¿ f.anrtb. and a number of roturas sud papers woro'ál«>Wd ou the table. The Colonial Treasurer laid 911 tile tsMi< a paper containing the Railway Act and contract, witilili» <,'aso submitted to tfVe English counsel and their opimo», i/.hioh iva» orderen. Li bo printed, and at his instunou U,Q House adjourn,«« fc»t,il to-day to afford timo to coi.' siller a coniMuniaattOp) itemed by the Government thtt afternoon from tlio me»jbc*; of tho railway doputatfon. Tiru Çr.iiiwN« ö,JsiK.-The lad Alfred Woodruff wJio'wasHtjblic/,1 at i!¡ boy named »tyinc», Kvtjypjrtais of u'hieli appeared in yesterday's iwuc was admitted to ti>e hôpital yes- terday. Tho wound j« not a'd\iaigéiqu# ,o]uè, and tho patient is progressing favourably. Tub Swallows.-A " Visitor" writes as follows ; -',' f n a looal which appeared in The Mercury of Tuesday, n'oif refer to the first swallow of tho season having been Sfen at Cassieford on the 21st ¡nat. ; but that is not tho earliest day on which tliay arrived, for myself and fellow traveller ssir several st Constitution Hill on the 20th hut." Fire in Argylb-Street.-Shortly after ono o'clock this morning a fire broke out in a wooden atoro in Argyle-street, containing nine tons of hay, belonging to Thomas Mead, cab proprietor. Tlio Tasmanian brigade was quickly on the spot with their hose reel, soon followed by tho Derwent and Tamar firemen, and there being a good pressure of water the flames, which at first blazed fiercely, were soon subdued. AH the hay, which was uninsured, was either burnt or spoilt. In ' a neighbouring building to that in which tho fire first broke out wero somo valuable horses, but all were got out, ono valuable .minmi having been taken through the Hamcs, with a sack thrown over his eyes. But, fortunately, the tiro was prevented from spreading further. Of this there was some dangor, as the store adjoins) a block of wooden tenements, the occupiers of which removed their effects into the street whon the alarm was given. The origin of the fire is unknown One of the hoses at work was very leaky, and» it would be well to replace it, to be of service should a larger conflagration break out. The number of people present was, owing to the hour, small, and among the firemen there were loud complaints of the fire having acquired such hold without the police having seen it or given any alarm. Tho police, however, ultimately mustered in good force, but their utility was conspicuous by its absence. One poor woman appealed to three of them standing near her door to "for God's Bake help her out with her things," but not one of them responded. They, as did the others standing about, maintained a most masterly inactivity. The absence of ladders allowed tho flames to burn longor than should have been the case. The valueless character of the buildings seemed to have a depressing influence on the fire brigades. Altogether apart from the force of water which seemed capable of blowing out rather than quenching the llames, the energy displayed would not have very favourably impressed a stranger. Theatre Royal.-Last night the Wheatleigh and Legrand Dramatic Company reproduced Dion Boucicault's sensational Irish drama, Arrah-Na Pogue, with the same cast as on the previous evening, There was a moderately numerous audience (including several members of Parliament.) Mr. Chas. Wheatleigh ably impersonated "Shaun," " Míbs Fanny Power" and "Arrah Meelish" being carefully represented by Madame Eugenie Lcgraud and Miss Tilly Earl. Tho other members of tho company exerted themselves to support the'leading performers.' "The wearing of the Green," sung by Mr. Charles Wheatleigh, and the challenge jig at the wedding party constituted a pleasing diversion. The villain of the piece? " Michael Feeney " (process server), was consis- tently represented by Mr. Dan. Barry ; .and the humours of Hibernian Judicature were illustrated by the trial scene in the second' act ; whilst the national repugnance to officials of "Feeney's" stamp, was characteristically displayed by , the treatment experienced by that , unprincipled in- former at the hands of the spectators in court when "Shaun" was sentenced. In the third act, the thrilling denoument, comprising the inter- view in tho gaol of "Miss Fanny and "Arrah,"' with the condemned "Shaun,"the fall of "'Feeney," the escape of " Shaun," and the union of "Arrah," and "Shaun," elicited loud applause. The orchestral arrangements under the leadership of Carl Richty, and the appropriate character of the music, deserve commendation. The performance this evening will be patronized by his Excellency the Governor and suite, when Dion Boucicault s. petite drama " Korry ; or Night and Morning" will be the first item in the programme to be followed by a repetition of "Arrah-Na- Pogue," with the gorgeous scenery and startling effects. D'Arcy Read's Ghost.-This entertainment is to be given for the first time in this city at the Town Hall to-night. Some days has been taken up in perfecting tho arrangements, so that the exhibi- tion will, no doubt, be, given without a hitch. Popular prices have been fixed, and as the Ghost is quite new here, the patronage ought to lie liberal, and, if tho result is to bo judged by the time in pre- paration, ought to bo something worth being present at. ' The Great Western and Corinna Companies. In the report of the director*, prcsentod at the last meeting of the Great Western Tin Mining Com- pany, there was a statement with regard to tlio re- cent dispute, to the effect that the Commissioner of Mines decided " that legally tho ground was the Corinna property, but morally that of tho Great Western Company." Mr. Shaw was communicated with, and the following extract from Ins reply will show that, at least, a wrnug construction has been put upon iii« language:-"At1 the hearing of the case I confined myself to the claims in law of the contending parties, and did not extend the investi- gation to tho moral aspect of the case. At the conclusion I referred to some evidence brought for- ward by the Great Western' Company with a viow of establishing a moral right as, wholly irrelevant. I expressed no opinion on tho moral claim of cither party, and I found nonp. I did not make use of the words referred to, or words to the'like effect, and the not of the directors iu giving them as a quotation from my ' verdict' is most unwarranted. " Longford Poultry and Doo ' Society.-We have received the schedule of the eighth animal exhibition of this society, to be held on Wednesday, October IG. There aro 48,classes in poultry, seven in dairy produce, 33 in dogs, aud. a number of pigeons, canaries, etc. ; and besides tho ordinary prizes oifered in these classes,'there are 21 special prizes. Entries must bo made before 9 p.m. on Monday, October 7. Salutary Lesson to a Larrikin.-Several of this class, rather beery, and inclined for what tbey thought sport, congregated yesterday afternoon about Head and Plowman's, ivho were engaged with tho contents of some newly arrived cases. After a little horse-play and chaff, on being ordered about their business they became "cheeky " and insulting. One of the iminbar, pot- valiantly, defied Mr. PIow. njan, and "squared up." Mr. Plowman walked into Inn) ¡n good style, twjco letting out from tile shoulder, and flooring his opponent, after whichj either some souse being knocked in, or courage knocked out, ha pipkod himself up, and skulked off, a sadder and a wiser larrikin. Mysterious Case.-From the Emmlim' wo leam that "on Sunday afternoon Dr. Stewart was called to ahouso in Wellington-street to examino a young girl who was reported to be suffering from a severe beating. Finding, in the course of his examination, a wound concealed by a piece of plaster, he removed tho plaster, and beiug of opinion that tho wound had been inflicted by a stab, the doctor had the girl romoved to the hospital. Upon enquiry there on Monday t>voi)ij)g, we learned that tho girl was in an exceedingly dangerous state, it being the opinion of the medical gentlemen who had examined her that the lungs had been penetrated, and ¡nllamation had set in. The affair is iuyglved hi a grpa); .deal of mystery { owing chiefly to the reticence of |he cbjjd, who cannot bo induced to say moro than that she was whipped with a rope. Jt is believed, however) that she received the wound from a man who is understood to be co-habiting with bor mother, who, in a fit of exasperation at something she had «aid, assaulted her in a manner that may yet cost her her life. A telegram iu another column states that a man known as " Soldier Bill " has been arrested on suspicion. "Saved y rom Destruction,-One of the narrowest escapes from « serious conflagration, and also from serious personal dauger.oeourred at Wawunna Park, the reriaence of Mr. Robert Clark, M.L.A., on the night of the 13.th inst. Mr. Clark (states the ffortfiaty ?V»W) was slttiuii up reading, ¡the family having retired, and was about tp extinguish Ibo lights when the chandelier, oontájiiing fourljprogene I lamps-two of them being alight-caine down with a crash upon tho table, and in an instant tho wholp apartment was in a blaze, the kerosene from ali tha lamps igniting upon the table and pouring liquid fire upon the floor. Happily the sides of the walis were flannelled, so that the flames did not get so speedy a lold as might have beon the case had they been simply papered ; and- Mr. Clark, with great pluok, .considering that he was oiioircJ himself to ,tlio .task of extinguishing the blaze. The crash hroiight cut some of the members of th¿ fatnlly ; but Mrs, Clark, when she saw'tlie porUoua aspect of affairs,' swooned', and assistance had tobo given £o l)jor. Qne of tyvfooya, bovrayfir, did good service by bringing water, and Mr. Clark, contrived to huddle away the loose'uuttters lying »bout the floor into tile (¡replace, and to beat out £he llamos with somo olothes that ware in the room. Tin's was not to be accomplished without much danger aud difficulty, and Mr. Clark had his hand very severely burned-it presents a shocking appearance-his hair singed, and a portion of his face scorched, fiat he succeeded in rescuing tho house from destruction, which would assuredly have been its fate but for his coolness and courage, it seems that the chandelier was dependant from a screw jn .tlje ceiling, but jyery time that thó'chandoliér was tufned for tha i'irlrpçfe of lighting or' extinguishing'tU'o lamps,"it. ièçnmo íoosehén, and thus the' accident 'occurred. Tho"force'of thd fal! was ib'groit that tho bronze frame was broken and every lamp smashed. It is notified that in addii ion to. tho parado of Nos. I aod 2 companies of the Volunteer Kilto Rcjgmtüt, to take place thin eyoninii, all members who lu¡ve not yet had i)\i)r jfulforms inspected ¡¡.if ro/iuoste-d t,o 'a£tepd at the sanuç time. ' ' " ' , The brethren of the Tosraanian Operativo Lodge are to meet at the Masonio Hall till« «.vening. " ? The present season of the Dei went Assembly Club ia to be closed by n plain Orena assembly in tbs Tas- manian Hall, ou Tuesday, Sept. 3. To-Mimitow evouiiur in connection with St. Paul's AjAfCiatioii, theie will bo a reading at Glenorchy of y/ir iliibhlar ftf Arta. '1'HK cotninittso of (ha Young Men's Clni'stion Asso- ciation ar'd to uiect at ino UiWu Dopftt this evoning, at a o,uartur past oiglit. The presenta oí se«/ i»ci))b«r is particularly requested. . ? ' ; 4- Ml'KTIKO of tlio committee- and all interested ill raisi|i5 the st'poiul for the inuumbeiit of Brighton is to to likld til St. ¡Hark* bhifruh, Pontville, on Saturday afternoon, at ¡1 a'alouk, A Pi'hlic in«|tlug Is to bo held ill ti)« T/ibiaiy Hall, Jfi'iDiilim, to- inbrrowevemnefrrrtheimrpokeof tmimiitf a n'Hiiiei,'jil J,l¡o Church of Killumi Temperance Asno ciiitlou. Tim Dean wj)J be present. MK-.SUS. \V. ClWsilV ¿so QV'i ftml Mr- A- O. Webstor, of Hobart Town,1 and Cox! Bnv-t. and Bell, of ítwñctittoU, *'ill it is advertised, takecouqigniMunu of wool on bolmlf of Messrs. R. Goldsbroui;h and Co.. Melbourne.; and fory/ard it to the wool warehouses of the latter MS. 'T ' ". - ' The prograisuip of a plongbjcg matub, tp.tate ¡dace at Lower, Jerusalem, or», September P.SI'.Wlpvtl' Iwhnuring to Mr. G. Stocke«, appears elsewhere. ¡ Entries close on the morning of the match. There will abo be a hack hurdle race. 