Letters to the Editor. TO THB EDITOR. Sir, — A great deal has been said and written of late on the many and surprising results which practical science and mechanical invention and ingenuity have achieved for the comfort and convenience of the human race; but if we compare them with the moral and physical improvements conferred on a largo section of society by the Sons of Temperance, all well-constituted minds will unhesitatingly award tho palm of victory to the latter. St. Paul preached of temperance; and frrtm fit:,': limn t.n iha nnunf ftia ntitn.*. «P ahahw Christian church has thundered scriptural denunci ations against drunkenness, but without any apparent effect. Professionals have lectured and written on the destructive effects of alcohol on the human system ; but all passed off as the vision of a dream. Total abstinence lectures, delivered to crowded houses, and total abstinooce pledges, became as drugs in the market. The law lost its terrors, and its threats of coercion became as sounding brass or tinkling cymbal. In many instances it only increased the evil it wished to eradicate. At length a few individuals, wise in their generation, having put their heads together, invoked the sympathy and assistance of the god Mammon. Instantly that time-honored old gent called into active service his agents or commercial travellers, £ s d; and those energetic officers so inspired the applicants that hence forth temperance societies of every name and grade became benefit societies, and thus the 'Gordian knot,' which for nearly nineteen centuries hail baffled the wisdom of the wise, became unravelled* A certain publican of Goulburn had the effrontery to say that Sons of Temperance wero his htst customers. When one of this class went to his bar and asked for something toft, he (the puhlican), by a certain free masonry, knew the import of the shout, and the 'Son' went away pleased and gratified. But such assertions — coming from such a source — should bo takan with a little salt. Yet it is a fact well known to many a poor habitual that though he may try to lay the ghost, he will in nine canes out of ten find it too strong for him. On the whole, Mammon should not be ungratefully thrown overboard ; for if a quiet demeanour and moral character with tho domestic comfort and happiness of families are attained, we will feel ourselves led to the conclusion (in this instance at least) that the end justi fies the means. ? OATO. 