"FOR PERCIVAL." CHAPTER XX. I and my mistress, side by side Shall be together, bretthe and ride.—B. Bromiing. I think I am a little tired of stories in which a marvellously clever villain devises an elaborate scheme which I know will be overthrown by a still cleverer detective. I am only irritated by the difficulties he surmounts, because I ain certain he will come to a difficulty not to be surmounted. I hate the virtuous detective, while I am apt to take a pitying interest in the villain, and sometimes to my sudden horror I have found myself cordially wishing him success in the evil cause for which he has battled so gallantly. I well remember the liking I had as a child for Sisera, because it was said that the stars in their courses fought against him. Very likely it is true enough that many a scheme is patiently thought out, skilfully carried on, and ruined at the last moment by some silly oversight which a child might have avoided. But sometimes the truth is just the other way. If, in spite of all precautions, the gallant ship goes dowu, what frail and unseaworthy vessels have accomplished astounding voyages in safety ! If the skilful Alpine climber loses his footing and perishes, what benighted travellers, or children, or timid women have groped their way in darkness through perils they would have feared to face by day! Did you ever notice children launching a tiny fleet of walnut-shells with little sails ? The wrecks are many and swift, but now and then a boat will glide out of reach and out of sight, dancing gaily and safely over the troubled waters. Sissy had put all Brackenhill into a walnut-shell a launched it. Hitherto it had sailed miracu sly well, but the waves were growing high. The first i cation of the rising tempest came one day arly in May. On that day a cloud drifted between; herself and Percival. It was a bright, sunshiny morning, more like the May of the poets than that of our ordinary experience. Sissy, who was in great demand among her girl friends now that her marriage was little more than a month distant, had promised to spend the day with Laura Falconer. Percival was her escort, and they had dispensed with the attendance of a groom on their nine miles ride. They had both enjoyed it. Never had the country lanes looked more lovely. Their thin'new veil of green showed the form of every bough, soon to be lost in the abundant foliage of Jane. The banks were sprinkled with wild hyacinths, the hedges with hawthorn blossom,' the blue overhead with flakes of whitest cloud. The" very'air seemed full of life and joy, kissing Sissy's cheeks till they looked as if two wild roses had opened a month before their time, and quickening the blood inFercival's veins, till, blithe and careless, he felt himself one with very spring itself, and in the gladness of the moment quoted— What if we still ride on, we two, ' "With life for ever old yet new. Changed not in kind but in degree, The instant made eternity— And heaven jnst prove that I and slie , Bide, ride together, for ever ride ? " I like that," ^aidSissy, Bat after a moment she added,U That is a very strange idea, -though. I .never fancied there conld be any horses in heaven." Percival laughed. " It seems to me," he said, " that women are far more sentimental than men. Yon -excel as in delicate associations, memories, feelings, but I don't believe you have half the imagination. Ton are so literal, you must have everything definite. Women believe in tangible white robes, in palms, and crowns, and golden. pavements. The lover dreams of the joy_ of an endless, buoyant flight through spacfe with his lady, and she questions whether Bhe can admit any animals fit for--riding into her- conception of heaven!" • " YouH certainly frighten the horses if yon : go on so," said Sissy. " Do you suppose you have nearly done ?" <" Quite," he answered meekly. U Then you may tell me the name of that poem." "The Last Bide Together." Oh, Percival!" in a tone of reproach. " How could yon. go quoting.sdeh a dreadful thing, about us ? Aren't you ashamed of yourself, you bad boy? J "What now? It won't make this our last ride, will it? And if it were the last I should like to remember that it was perfect enough to deserve the quotation." (Later he did remember it.) Sissy remained unconvinced, and. declined to hear , another syllable-abont the poem. And just beforethey reached their destination the poetryof their ride was.exchanged for a very unpleasant matter. 6f fact. Her horse was decidedly lame. Percival and the Falconers' groom held a consultation over the injury. He went straight from the stables to the drawing-Mom, where Sissy was being petted and fondled and questioned about her presents, the bridesmaids' dresses, and all the arrangements for the wedding-day. * You cant ride Gipsy home," said he. At this there was some consternation. Mrs. Falconer declared that Percival should go borne by hiniafJf and leave Sissy with them for the night. "When that plan was declared impossible Laura mediated for a moment, and then proposed that as soon as her brother Willie came in he shotddbe sent down to the Rectory. " They have such a nice pony there," she said. " Agnes, thte eldeBt girl, often rides it." I am sure they would lend it to you. Ton could send it back to-morrow. 1 ' "Easily,but I don't-know them," said Percival. " How can I ask ?" " Yon are not going to ask them. Willie will do that. He doesn't at all dislike going to the Bectory. Oh, we will settle it all and take the greatest care of poor Gipsy too, so don't bother yourself about It.* Percival declared that she was very kind. «X only wish we were. better off for horses," said Hiss Falconer. " But those fat old things of oars Oh, don't look so indignant, you know they never do anything bat stand theieeafing their heads off. Well, thenj. Jfcose magnificent which drag our old carnage would not quite do for riding. And Willie's horse is a brute—yon can't think how it kicks." "That wouldn't do then," said Sissy, must ipand look at Gipsy, poor old fellow. 1 Percival and 3kpr& accompanied her, and while efae coaxed her favourite he enquired in an eager adfta,'" HioWtlo yon think she looks?" " Much better," was the answer. " More like herself." " I am afraid it is partly the ride. She hasn't that pretty rose-colour always," be said anxiously. "Still I'm sore 6he's better, and when I get her away " " Yon she will be better still ? Very likely, for we must remember that _ this is a laying time for her, so many leave-takings, such a fuss of preparation." As the three strolled round the garden, Laura, smiled a little, noticing Percival's constant thought for Sissy. ** What devotion!" she said to herself. She could not but own that this air of watchful and tender courtesy suited him well, and made every little attention seem earnest. " They are a model pair of lovers," she thought. " He looks the character, and he doesn't take-the bloom off his courtship with nasty slang either. If I were a painter, X would make a picture of them, here and new." Sissy was saying, " I like your three old ceSars on your sloping lawn so much, Laura. When I was a little girl I always thought of Lebanon as something like your garden." " And smelling jnst like Keswick, no doubt,' Percival suggested. « Lebanon darkensonr drawing-room window a good deal," said Miss Falconer. " And there is no help for it. It would be a sh> to cut them down.and yoa cant't prune cedars." " I don't call yonr drawing-room dark," said Sissy, as they weni in. "Perhaps not' at' ten minutes to I on a sonshiny spring day. But if it were ft: November afterapon, or even ifthe bank of gfcrad over there came np and hid the son, yon would see." " I can imagine It/' Mid Percival. "Jnst now the light is perfect." . The house was parity covered witha vine, «nd ti^ oriel window bad a quivering, bolder of leaves and tendrils. Through the radius outside came'blue creams of sky, luce glorioiu sapphires gleams which were ten times more deep and lucid for their sombre setting. The room, with its polished floor and panelling, seemed full of golden touches of sunlight, mixed with the delicate tracery of vine-leaf shadows, and the soft, swaying glogm of the cedars. " These blight spring moroiDgs so often cloud over and lose their beauty," said Laura, e and then it is cold, for there is no warmth except just in the sunshine." " Don't you think their uncertainty is partly what makes them so beautiful?" asked Percival. It was two hours later; they had had their luncheon, and the three young people were talking in the drawing-room. Laura was tatting. Sissy, seated by her on a low ottoman, played with her scissors, her cotton, her crotchet-hook, and anything else on which she could lay her idle little hands. Laura regretted aloud that Willie had not come in. I fear it is dull for you, Mr. Thorne," she said. " So stupid of Willie! He is aboat somewhere with papa, I suppose. If he had come in you could have smoked, and talked about dogs and horses, and played billiards and enjoyed yourselves. And now I'm afraid you are bored." " If that fear isn't the reflection of your own feelings, let me remind you that I'm not a smoker, and assure you that I am much happier here," said Thorne eagerly. So he remained, idling over the books on the table, looking at the albums and talking. They happened to speak of some one who was fond of quoting. " Heaven defend me from quotations !" exclaimed Percival. " Never quote." " Oh, Percival! And you do it dreadfully." " Sissy," he 6aid, in a tone of grave remonstrance. " How am I ever to shine in conversation if you make 6uch remarks ? I shall be put to silence." " That would be a pity, wouldn't it ?" "I-should think it would. Our deeds show what we are, our talk shows what- we would be. Now as my forte is rather precept than example " *' Therell be nothing left if Sissy snubs you," said Laura. " Pray don't be snubbed. We are all attention." *' Never quote," he resumed, as calmly as if he had not been interrupted at all. '* I saw the folly of it last week when I was away from Brackenhill. It was one of those glorious nights, and I was looking at the sky—a splendid sky— a vast space of white veined with blue, and behind it the moon, steadily gliding, with two or three golden stars. Above-that was a solemn height, and motionless wreaths of cloud flung across it here and there. Do you Bee it at all?"' "Very well indeed," Miss Falconer assured him. "I stared at it and said nothing. Never call people to look at a sky or a picture, or anything that touches you, luiless you are very sure of their stock of adjectives and your own. Else there is no knowing what may happen She may be driven te say,' Isn't it lovely?' And you in desperation may reply, * Stunning!' or 'First-rate!' And then bow can you ever respect yourselves or each other again ? I pause for a reply." "Don't pause. We seem, to be advancing rather, slowly." " Presently np came the man I was with. 'What are yon looking at? Oh, I say!' He had the grace to be silent for about five seconds. Then he burst oat with,* Look at that now— isn't that Shelley exactly? You remember— you must remember.' I didn't remember, and it turned out that he didn't either, at least not well enough to recall the words. Off he rushed—turned np the gas— pulled down an armful of books. 'Here's Shelley—where is that bit I wonder ? Ah I have it.' It was in the * Cloud;' no doubt you know it? . That orbed maiden, with white fireladen. Whom mortals call the moon. Glides glimmering o'er my fieecelike floor. But he wasn't satisfied. '. That's it,' he said, but that isn't alL There's a bit somewhere which gives that effect of an infinite multitude of little clouds. I don't believe it's Shelley at all. It's Wordsworth—no! Tennyson—Eosetti —somewhere in Browning, I think.' Down came -six volumes of poems and ' The King and the Book.' I had a couple to look through, so I found two or three of my favourite picces and amused myself very happily. At last he lighted on what he wanted, and spouted it triumphantly— A multitude Of handbreadthcloudlets— That's it, you know,' he said. X agreed that that was it, and he went on— —One vast rack Of ripples infinite and— Oh!—Why it's black!' He was a little disconcerted. • That's your idea of an appropriate quotation, is it P said L 'And our sky is like Inminous snow. Look there!' We both looked, and burst out laughing. It -had grown grey while we were fitting it with a description !* Percival had finished his story without any -change of tone, bat towards the end his eyes were wandering oat of the window. It seemed to him that it certainly was one of the Brackenhill carriages turning in at the gate, yet he feared to startle Sissy by the announcement till he should be perfectly sure. What could induce them to send the brougham? Some startling event—for it undoubtedly was the brougham. " Don't I hear something driving in ?" asked Laura, Tes. A visitor yoa will be surprised to see —as I am!" he exclaimed. There was an impatient pall at the belL " Sissy, guess—bat no, there is no time. Dear, it is the carriage from Brackenhill, and Horace is getting oat!" Sissy made no reply, but sat, helpless as a scared child, gazing at the door. It was Miss Falconer who exclaimed. " Horace t Are you sure that it is really Mr. Horace Thorne?" and rushed to the window. (There had been a little flirtation in old days, and Laura, though not seriously wounded, bad a soft place still in her heart for him, and was apt to think of him by his Christian name.) "Quite sure," said.Percival. "Sissy, listen tome.. He is changed a good deal—be prepared —try not to look shocked. Dear, are you lis tening?" Tes." She lifted. her eyes to him. They were fall of terror and despair. "What is the matter? Sissy, it is not so had as that." His stopped and-looked towards the opening door. * There was a little pause before Horace followed the servant who stood ready to announce him. Sissy got up, and tooik hold of the back of the chair fromwhieh Laura had risen. She tried hard to be very calm. She fixed her eyes on a brilliant spot of red in the rag; it almost Seemed to rise and born beneath her gaze, but she was afraid to look away. " Mr. Horaoe 'T&Maie.;" . And Horace himself advanced, looking terribly worn and. ill, but with a bright colour on his cheeks, and a glance, h&lf; defiant, half anxious, which seemed to say, " What do yoa think of me ? I am extremely; well, and don't care what you think." - - " Didn't expect to see me, did you be said, with a nervous laugh as he grafted Laura, who happened to stand nearest. "That doesn't make us the less glad," she said brightly. He was hurriedly shaking hands with Percival. " Glad to see yoa back again, old fellow," said the latter. But Horace had turned to Sissy with eager eyes. « My little Sissy! Why, what an age it is since Tve seen yoa!" He had her cold little fingers in his clasp. " And what a lazy little woman never to write!" i She looked op quickly as he stooped to kiss her, yet, though she looked np, her eyes avoided his, and she turned a little so that he kissed her cheek and their lips did not meet. " Oh, I cant write letters," she said, " and Aimtie wrote, and Percival." j Horace drew back a little, and remembered what his mother had said. "No doubt 8issy Will be the same to you if yonzr cousin will let tier." He let her hand. fuL ! " How did you come T* said Perciral. "Tea, you forget we are all dying of curiosity," Miss Falconer chimed in. ** How far have yoa travelled to-day ? And are you quite worn out t What sort of passage did yoa have f" 1 "One question at a time. Howfarhave travelled to-day ? Not wry far—-tki» moroing £rom town—this al^noonfroi* brackenhill" i • " But where was Aunt Harriet ?." said Per-- ciral. " She could not have let you desert her so quickly, I knew." '• She had taken the pony chaise ;isd left word tor jou that she should be home to dinner. So I Btked the governor how he was, »ud he sai.t, ' Quite well.' TLtn the governor asked me how I was, end I said ' Quite well.' And after a little more conversation—about up to that sample—I 6aid I thought I'd look you up." " How nice of you!" exclaimed Laura. " But aren't you very tired ?" "Tired? No, what- should make me tired? Driving nine miles in the brougham ? My good fellow," turning to Percival, " what are you shoving that easy-chair at me for ? Keep it for yourself." "May. as well sit as stand," was the calm reply. " Sit then—put your feet up, and welcome, but let other people do as they like. I don't believe there was much the matter with me last autumn; at any rate, I'm all right now." " That's well," said Percival. K When did you cross?" "The night before last. We had a g-iod Sissy had moved into the oriel window, and now 6poke in a tremulous voice. " Do yoa ever cough now, Horace ?" " I don't know. Yes, now and then a little. Habit, you know; one doesn't get out of the way of a thing all at once. Mere trick I believe ; I must break myself of it." " That's good news," said Percival. Horace made his boast, as before, with the glance which wandered from face to face, h-ingry for confirmation of his assertion, yet laughing at the idea that there could be two opinions aboat such a self-evident fact. And all the time he looked a ghastly shadow of the bright Horaoe of a year before. He had turned to Sissy as she spoke, and now stepped towards -her. " Ybtt don't look very well," he said, commiserating her from the height of bis own complete recovery. " What is the matter with you ?" She hung her head. " I don't know. I think it's the weather." " The weather!" smiled Horace, as who should call attention to the mad fancies of invalids " What is amiss with the weather, pray ? Tolerable for foggy old England, isn't it ?" 1 Sissy murmured some reply. Percival, who leant against the chimney-piece, looked. up as she spoke, and the momentary glance pnoto- : graphed a little picture for ever on bis memory. . The cloud, of which Laura had spoken, had ; rolled upwards, blotting the azore of the sky, ' and the great cedars were dark as. thunderstorms against the grey. In the melan- choly oriel stood Horace and Sissy, if indeed they were Horace and Sissy, and not the ghosts of their beautiful sunshiny selves, with the ghost of the sunshiny morning in the background. They looked at each other with strange eyes. What change had come over them daring the last year? Horace had a constrained and watchful air, and Sissy shrank sadly from his look and touch. And these were the two who had been like brother and sister together in glad old days at Brackenhill. "Listen!" said Laura, "I hear papa and Willie." And when the two came in, soon followed by Mr. Falconer, there were such surprised exclamations, such -questioning and such wonder on the part of the-newcomers, such quick assertions of perfect health on Horace's part, that it did not signify whether Sissy talked or not. Presently she stole across the room to Percival where he stood. Have yoa spoken to William Falconer yet?" she asked in an eager whisper. " Spoken to Falconer ?" " AJbout the pony I am to ride—the pony from the Bectory. Laura said he would go for it." Bat, my dear child, we don't want the pony now. What are you thinking of ? Of course yoa will drive home in the brougham with Horace." No, no, I dont want to drive. I would rather ride with yon—much rather, Percival." There were timid caresses in her voice, and almost tears. And I should like to ride with you," said he. "But we can't ask for the pony for a mere whim, though we might have done so when we were really in a difficulty." This morning/' she pouted, hanging her pretty head," you wanted our ride to go on for ever and ever, yoa told me. And now- "Now the sun has gone in, and the wind has got up, and the sky is grey, and Gipsy is lame, and, even if we had the pony, I daresay it would be a stupid little beast. No, no, Sissy, it is just as welles it is; it woald not be perfect like this morning. Well ride to-morrow, dear; yoa mast drive home this afternoon. Why, what woald Horace think Percival considered the discussion closed, and was opening his lips to say something else when Sissy startled hitn. - " I don't want to drive home with Horace." He paused an instant looking at her. " What do you mean?" he said gravely but very gently. " He looks ill, poor fellow, bat " "Oh, it isn't that," she exclaimed. " Then what is it ? Tell me quickly whatyoa mean,Sissy." « Nothing. Only I'don't" want to drive home with him. Oh, Percival,'please dont ask me," He looked perplexed, but after a moment he replied," It isn't a qnestion of asking—it seems to me you must." "No I needn't," said Sissy. "If yoa won't get me the pony, I can stay how for the night, Laura will keep me; she said she would." " Impossible!" Porcival was growing stern. " Why, yoa told them yoa couldn't do it. It is oat of the question." Sissy stood with lips compressed, evidently unconvinced. " Why dfcnt you like driviag home? What has Horace done ?" ** Nothing." "That is absurd," said Percival. "There mast be some cause " ; "No, no! He hasn't done anything. Oh, {Percival, be good to me." "My dear child, be reasonable." "Very well, then; I will drive home, since yoa say I mast. Bat yoa mast drive too.'' : Percival spoke very gently, because he had determined that he woald always speak gently to Sissy, and his smile was equally intentional. "Yoa fly from one impossibility to another, dear. What is to become of the roan ; " Let him stay here." • " You don't think what you are saying. They have promised to keep poor Gipsy, who dai't go back to-day. I can't possibly ask them to keep the roan, who can." Sissy was distressed, bat still obstinate.' "Say that there is a meaning in this which yoa will-explain to me when we reach Brackenhill," said Percival, "and of coarse something shall be done." " No, no. Oh, why is Gipsy lame." "What's aH the discussion aboat?" Mr. Falconer enquired. " Can't yoa get yoar own way, Miss Sissy ? yoa seem trying very hard for it." She looked up with a pretty tearful brightness. f Oh, don't yoa think I ought to have it?" she exclaimed. " Please say yoa do." " Of course yoa ought. Now is your time. Have yonr own way till yoa promise to honour and obey—that's only fair. Wasn't that the bargain we made, my dear, in oar old courting days, before these young people were thought Of?" " Something like it," said Ins wife " It worked well; no doubt," said Percival, who stood erect and still, as if he were made of bronze. " Very well," smiled Mrs. Falconer. " Extremely well," said her husband. " Only —it was rather a long engagement—and—quite accidentally, of course—Lucy got so used to having her own way that she has never seemed able to set oat of it. Otherwise it worked remarkably well." "I think we will try It." said Sissy. "It will be for Percival's good, too," said Mr. Falconer. "Don'tthey say a man isn't fit to command till ha .has learned to obey P While he sapke.ahe eoji*- 5 —" 1 to *—" whisper, "If jron love me, PereiraL" " So be it," said yoang Thorno, aloud. * Mr. Faloooer, I am so struck «ri$k your example that I am goingto foHow K. Biwy is rery uxioos that wo shoold &U; Wtegether to-d»y—shemust j [ ] drive home with Horace, and she can't bear the thought of my lonely ride." " J^eave ycur hoise here," said Mr. Falconer " Exactly what I was going to ask your pern ii-sjon to do " Ihc matter was thus promptly settled, yet Sissy was haidly content. Percival smiled and talked, but there was a threatening gravity abouthis eyes. The brougham came to the door, and the three drove off. TL»- pleasure of being together hid been secured with some difficulty, yet they scarcely seemed to appreciate each other's society. Horace leaned back, evidently tired, although he did his best to conceal the fact. Sifsy cast timid glances, pleading for pardon, at Percival, who sat opposite with folded arm, shut lips, and a line between his eyes. The world was very fair in its joy of returning spring, though the sky hung grey above it. But the beauty of green hedgerows, and orchards pink and white, was lost on these three young people. Their hearts and brows were burdened so heavily that it was almost a wonder that the sleek chesnufs should whirl them so gaily along the road to Brackenhill. Something might have been done to lighten the load, no doubt, had the trio been able to make up their minds. Horace need not have uttered a word, he might have pulled a letter from his pocket Which his hand instinctively sought, and he would have fronted the world once more, with never a secret to hide. Sissy need only have opened her lips to let out a confused and hurried avowal, which sometimes seemed as if it must force its way in spite of her. But Percival, if he had a share of his own in this oppression, must have opened his heart to seek it, and might have been startled had a phantom taken shape and came forth from its inmost recesses to look him in the face. Here we are," said Horace with a yawn. CHAPTER XXI. BECONCILIATrON. Aunt Middleton was on the steps, quivering from head to foot with impatient joy. These few moments of expectation, which seemed so intolerably long, were, nevertheless, the happiest that her boy's return could give her, for the sight of his face was the sight of a death-warrant. It was impossible to prepare her for the shock, sind Horace saw her suddenly blanched cheeks, and met her with the more defiance. It seemed as if the happy brightness of the morning could not . belong to the day which closed so drearily, Everybody longed to hasten the lagging hours. Horace's talk was interrupted by dreadful fits of coughing, daring which they all tried to look different ways, and to seem unconscious of the terrible pause. Aunt Harriet pushed her chair farther back into' the shadow, and sat over her knitting, dropping stitches and furtive tears. Sissy shrank from every one, as if she were some poor little wounded creature whom the lightest touch would torture. It was not wonderful, perhaps, that she feared Percival's displeasure. Many people when they are put oat show the depth of their feelings with tolerable accuracy. Bat Percival's darkly expressive face intensified the meaning it had to convey. When he was pat oat he looked like a thunder-cloud. Nor did he weaken the effect of his expression by speech, and his politeness was terrible. But Horace was not displeased with her, and when he roughed, her eyes, as she turned them away, were full .of sorrow. When he sat by the fireside she silently pushedjrim a footstool, and crept behind his chair to draw a curtain closer, lest there should be a draught. She remembered every fancy he had about his tea. Yet she hardly spoke to him, nor did she touch him as she gave him his cup. Mr. Thorne stood on the hearth-rug and surveyed the party. He was more grieved and anxious about his grandson than he would have owned even to himself. " You must stay with us, Horace," he said abruptly. " That Bmall bag wasn't all your luggage?" (There was an intentional sting in the invitation. He did not speak as if Horace had come home.) " It is, though. Thank you," said the young man, rather stiffly, "I mast be off to-morrow. I came over with my mother, and I don't care to leave her quite alone." " Where is she ?" " We shall stay in town for a few weeks, I think." " But of coarse you will come down to thewedding." said Percival. "You are the best man, you know." "The wedding—pooh! That's five weeks hence—time for Sissy to change her mind before then," said, the sqaire. "Look here, Horace, I must have my little girl to myself for a few days before I lose her. I'll tell yoa what yoa shall do. Write and ask yoar mother to come at once and stay for a fortnight. No, yonr Annt Harriet will write." Mrs. Middleton was thdnderstrnck. She got up instantly, and went to the writing-table, like one in a dream. For . the next half-hour she retired altogether from public life, and _ consumed many sheets of notepaper in fruitless endeavours to reconcile the terms of hospitality with those of truthfulness! Dr. Camming was never so sure of the approaching end of all things as she was while she wrote the invitation. Godfrey ask her to Brackenhill]. What could come next bat doomsday ? Sissy, when she bade Percival good night in the hall, said, "Please, don't be angry any lotger." " Am I angry ?"' he asked. " Well, perhaps I am. Iam vexed ami troubled. Why do yoa ; hide things from me, dear ? Why can't you trust •me? It is like the beginning of a shadow. 'What is that you sing sometimes?" And leaning against the wall he hummed softly, The little rift within the lover's lute "Which by and by shall make She sprank to him, caught his hands, and held them. "Don't sing that t Dont sing that! Ob, Percival! Percival!" " No," he said, " it won't be that, I hope and : think. It won't be that, because I trust yon. It is some foolish little secret — or it is some one else's secret. Not Horace's, is it?" he exclaimed suddenly. "He has no right to burden—" " Oh, no, no!" " Why not tell me ?" said Percival. " If it is your own, it is some childish folly. I won't be stern—do I look stern, Sissy ? I'm not; yoa j almost break my heart when you look at me with -those great, frightened eyes of yours—I can't be very stern, Fin sore. And I won't laugh— there! People must do foolish things sometimes, or life wouldn't be endurable. I daresay jyoa are foolish now and then—I hope so, for I .know I am. What does it matter, when I can 'trust my little wife ? For yoa will never do ^anything of which I shall be ashamed. How ,can you ever find it in yoar heart te be afraid of •me, Sissy—to stab me so ? And why should you be afraid? I'm not bad, but I wish my soul jwereas sweet and clear as yours. Tell me,dear, land if I do smile, it will be to think that such a trouble could weigh so heavily." i Till he paused she had not looked ap at him. jThen she did. i "Oh,Percival, yoa are good! Bat I have jnothing to tell yoa, really." ^ He shook his head. " Is that all the answer I iam to have? 9 ; " No!" she said, " not all." And she sudidenly threw her arms aboat his neck, and drew this dark face down, and kissed him. No words : «onld have moved him as did the mute appeal of those little clinging hands and kissing lips. Displeasure vanished like a cloud. She laughed, land shut his eyes with sweet caresses, and Sussed his month to silence. And an old wideawake of the squire's, set jauntily askew on a hat-peg just above them, , looked down, and eeezoed to bless the baseless reconciliation. i OTGOOIXKO, BSFSBSHNRA, AHD IimsoBATnra iBamxs.—ThePoMlcof South AostnUa va hereby Informed tbai 3. Jackmsa, ol *8 and 60, King j William-street, bas mads anangements for tha Sal* 'of the celebrated Crown Cordial Factory Cordials awl * Wines, at the price quoted below, vis.:—Peppemlnt Clare*, Lemon Syrnp, Is. fid.; Lime juice CordlaL •Btmfbbm Balm and Vinsgiur, 8a.; Plneappia, i Ginger Wins. LemonHta, GingwetU, £*.; Otwge, : Red and Black Currmct Wine, St. 6a.; Qolnine and iOnnfi Bitten, Ss. ;Br. Lowecthal'g HsmgsrHte. 8s. j64LTs parties taksoc a case of 18 bottle* anottad. 'fils., consisting o( 8 Unujalcq, 2 Lsmm Sfrap, 8 iBaapbetnr, Otnger Wine, Bed Ciuwat. Wino, 8 iFqomlnt, Onnm Bitteub Black Oumnt . inn kuahchuM. Uthw : : ; 