THE ORGAN FUND CONCERT. Airs Bladen Neill's grand pot pourri , on Alondav in the Corowa Mechanics' Institute, was a success in every respect. Although only a week had been taken up in preparation, the appointments were as perfect as nec-d be, the dresses were unique and pleasing in their burlesque character, and lavishly embellished with all the accessories and devices known to theatrical costumiers. The effect was grand. Certainly Mrs Neill stands alone in the district for her energy in getting up these displays. Our amateur clubs are most heavily handicapped in their at tempts to produce pieces of a higher standard than broad farces, low comedies, or melodramatic absurdities, for the want oi even one lady amateur ; yet, here, in a burlesqued burlesque — outraging all pro bability and defying the most persistent and laborious endeavours to discern, throughout its whole action, one trace, or vestige, of a plot — Mrs Neill induces half a scores of ladies to dou stage wigs, powder and rouge, and otherwise to conceal their natural beauty and grace, with as much zest and apparent enjoyment of the funni- ness of the situation as if they themselves were the spectators instead of being the masquers. We would not, for the world, that any misconstruction should be placed upon our remarks. We express our sur prise — not at the action of the ladies in good-naturedly assisting at any entertain ment having so worthy an object in view as reducing a church debt, but at the wonderful power of the versatile and vol atile lady, whose name commences this paragraph, in making people do just what ever she makes up her mind they shall do. She is the impressario, and the public are her marionettes. On more than one occasion, we confess, we have danced while she has pulled the string. We are not excessively fond of this kind of thing, but wish that the good lady and ourselves may long continue to eajoy the good time and merry moments in this life — even if we have to jump while she pulls. Monday evening's entertainment, though called in France a pot-pourri, would be styled by our f riends north of the Tweed — a hotch potch. It commenced with a pianoforte solo by Airs Hamilton, which fully pre pared the audience for the really capital singing which composed the first part of the progamme. Several performers new to Corowa were introduced — Aliss Dew ing and Air and Mrs Law— who were in excellent voice. Mr and Airs Law sang the fine duet, " The Sailor Sighs," with much taste, and Miss Dewing fairly sur prised her listeners with her grand con tralto voice. When we say that Aliss Ogilvis, and Messrs Smyth and Dr Har- ricks contributed the other numbers of this part, we feel perfectly justified in classing it as a very rich and rare musical treat. ' The tableaux of "Auld Robin Gray," and " Come Home Father" were then represented. The grouping was artis tic, although the effect was partly marred bv the mismanagement of the magnesium light. In the two pictures of the latter tableaux the little lady (Miss. Alinnie Sabine) who posed the part of the drunkard's child, exhibited a wonderful perception of the business, and Air Roope's dog played a not unimportant part — in crouching at the feet of the drunkards (Messrs Hamilton and Gibbs) until the fall of ihe curtain. Both tableaux were musically illustrated by Mrs Hamilton singing the songs which bear the names. Then came the piece de resistance, " Boa- dicea the Beautiful, or Harlequin Julius Ctesar and the Delightful Druidess." As we have before remarked, it was simply incomprehensible ; but an immensity of laughter was evoked by the singiDg, marching, combats and military evolu tions, and extraordinary saltatory move ments of the principal characters, while he amateur " supers" behaved in as stage like a manner as if they had been objur gated by the ballet-master from ten to twelve o'clock every morning in their lives. Mr Law was a ghost-like Julius Csesar— contrasting comically with Mrs Neill's boiled -dumpling -like figure, as Oreveso. Airs Law was a charming Norma , Miss Barker fully merited the title of Beadicea the Beautiful, and it was alone worth the price of admission to hear the ioveiy Druidess Adalgisa (Miss Hamilton) say "Oh! Caractacus ! 'Taint correct to cuss !" Mr Goslett, as the pun- evoking Britisher, made up, acted and danced amazingly well. Air Leslie, us Pollio.. was well up in the text of his part (!) — we think he had about ten lines to repent, and got through them — with a struggle; but Messrs Whitehead (as Oassivclauncs), L. Browne (as Crussur), W. Willis (as Pompey), and Gibbs (a-; The Moon) all played their parts with gravity which would have been becoming at a ploughing match or a funeral. 'i;.e Roman army &c.;, was represented by the ladies before mentioned, and added great iy to the success of the spectacle. In an in troduced scene, Aliss Dewing sang "Didsi: thou but know" in a charming manner, while the Welsh harper, Gl.irmurpqgodu (Mr Gibbs) stood at the back oi tA: stage holding a symbol of the moon. We were at a ioss to know the meaning of this, but suppose that it was all right. At ail- events the Organ Fund will be augmented bv about £20, and everv one was well satisfied. — " News." 