'piiS'MS SKETCHES/ MACLEOD OF DARE.11 : By WILLIAM BLACK, Author ox ^'XhePjuhcess ob* Thcltj,' &c.; , (JlTAEEBR- HI,— FlONAOHAL. And indeed whan ithoy entered the house —Ahe balconies and' windows were a blaze of flowers aU' shining iniho sun — they found, that their hast .and hostess had already coma downstairs and woro seated at table with their small party of gucats, This circum otonce did not lessen Sir Kcifcli Maoleodfe trepidation; far therein no denying the f«ct that the young man would rather have faoed ; sn angry bull on a Highland road than this party of people in tho hushed, snd semi- ; darkened, and flowor-neonted room. It; ecemed to him that hia uppanranco was the signal for a conf uaion that was equivalent to anearthquako. Two or :thrao servants— rail more solemn than any oiargyman*— began to make new arangoments:; a .tall .lady, benign ? of aspect, rose .and montgraoiouHly reoeivod - him,; a tall gentleman, with a grey mouB- , tacho, aho6k.handa~with .him ; and then, as ho vaguely, heard, young Ogilvio, at the other end of tho '.room, relate tho inoidont of the . upsetting of .the joab, hafanndhuavalf seated, noxt to this benign lady, and apparently in , a bewildering ipara'diso of lboautifdl lights nndodlors and -dolioious odors, Asjraragua soup? Yes, lie mould tako that.; bat for n i second or ^ two 'this :upaaiou3 and darkened room, with its Jitalued, glass audiita sombrOj wallo, and tho '.table iboforo .him, with its' masses of roaoa :and 'lilioa of the valley, its ; silver, Us. crystal, ita nectarines and ohorrios and pineapples, seomod -Homo kind of mn. ! chanted place, .And then tho peqplo talked ' in a low and hushed fashion;; and thoaior. vanto moved allontly and myatoriouu'Iy; and tho air was languid with the scouts of fruits ondflowors. Thoygavo him :somo tviuo in b tall green glass that had transparent lizards crawling up lita ;ntom ; ho had never drank out of a thiug likoilat boforo. .--;;?.-. , 'It waa vory ikin'd of Mr. Ogilvio to got ( you to , aomo.; ho is r vory good boy -, ho forgota nothing,' said Mrs. lions to him: and ! as ho bocaine awaro tliat eho was a pleasant^ looking Udy of mlildlo n«q, who vogardod him with very frioudjy cyou, ho vowod to himeclf that ho would bring Mr. Ogilvio to task for roprcsoutiug this deoenb aud axiipoot ablo woman as a graoulosa and dangerous coqnotto. 'No doubt uho was tho mother of childrom At hor timo of lifo «ho was hattor omplQyed -in tho nureory or in Iho hitolion 'tlmu'iu illrting with young men; nud could ho doubt thnt uho was a good hpuso miatroai) -when ho ukw with his own oyos how upiaktuid apun overy thing was, nad bow aoouratoly ovory thing was oervod ? lSven ^if hia oouQui Janob lived in tho south, with i '11 thonoJluo flowora andhot.houso fruits to s . aorvo- horpnrpooo, sho opuld not Iiavodouo licttor. Ho Ibogun -to Hko this ploa»aut»oyoil tvoman, though tho Houmod dolioato, wul a triflo Ittiignid, «ud in oonsoqnonoo ho nomo tlmon could not mnlco out what oho said. But thoa ho noticed that tho other nooplo 'TuMiihuil by «|)oolivl wiangcincnt wiin tl-« Author All rljiUts rcflcrvul. talked in ?thla limp faahion ? too : those was so precision nboub iheif words j ire*; quently they seemed to lcavo you to goesa the end of their aontoncori. As fortho yoong lady next him, was she nob very delicate, aIao?Ho had never seen ouch hands— bo small and fino and white. And although she talked'only to her neighbor on tho other side of her, ho could hear that her voice, low and mneical as it was, was only a murmur. ? ? - - 'Miss White and I,' said Mrs. Boss to him— and at this moment the yourjg lady turned to them— ??? were talking before you camo in of tho beautiful country yon must know so well, and of its romantic stories and associations with Prince Charlie. Gertrude, lot me. introduce Sir Keith Maoleod to you. ' I told Miaa White yon might come to ns to day, and Bho was sayinp what a pity it was: thai Flora Macdonald was not aMaclcod.' 'That was very kind,' said he, frankly, turning to this tall, pale girl, with tho rip pling hair of golden-brown and tho heavy* lidded and downcast eyes. And then he laughed. ?? Wo would not like to steal the ; honor from a* woman, even though she was a Maoddnald, and you know the Macdbnalda and the Maeleods were not very friendly in the old time. But wo can claim something, too, about the escape of Prince Charlie, Mrs. Boss. After Mora Macdonald had got him safe from Harris to Sieve, she handed him over to tho sons of Maoleod of Raasay, and it was owing to them that he got to the mainland. Yon will find' many. people tip there to this day who believe that if Maoleod of Macleod had gone out in '45, Prince Charlio would never have had to flee at all. But I think tho Maoleods had done enough for the Stuarta ; and it was but little thanks they ever got in return, so far aa I could ever hear. Do yon know, Mrs. Bobs, my mother wears mourning every 3rd of September^ and will eat nothing from morning till night. It is the anniversary of the Battle of Worcester ; and then the Mne leods were so smashed up that for a lonjr time the other clans relieved them from military service.' ' 'Yon 4re not much of a Jacobite, Sir Keith,' said Mrs. Boas, smiling. '? Only when I hear a Jacobite song Bnng,' said he. ' Then who can fail to bo a Jaco. bite?' '* . ? He had become quite friendly with this amiable lady. If ho had been afraid that hia voice, in these delicate southern ears, must sound like the first guttural drone of Donald's pipes at Castle Dare, he had speedily lost that fear. The manly, Bun crowned face and clear-glancing eyes were full of ; animation ; he was oppressed no longer by -the solemnity of the per -vants; so long as he talked to her he -was quite confident; ho had made friends' with this friendly woman. But he had .not -b yet dared to address the pale girl who «at on his right ; and who seemed so. fragile and boautiful, and . distant in manner. ? 'After all,' said he to Mrs. Boas, 'there were no, more Highlanders killed in the cause of the , Stuarts than used to be killed every year or two merely out of the quarrels of the clana among themselves. All about where I live thero ia scarcely a rock or a loch or an island that has not its story. And I think,' added he, with becoming modesty, 'that tho Maeleods were by far tho most troaohorous and savage and blood thirsty of the whole lot of thorn.' And now the fair stranger beside him addressed him for tho firsb tune ; and as sho did «o she turned hex eyes towards him— clowy large eyes that rather startled one when the heavy lids were lifted, so full of egression wore they. ?'I suppose,' said she, with a certain do -mure smile, 'you have no wild deeds done there now 2' .?-.?— 'Oh, we have become quite peaceable folks now,' said ho, laughing. ' Our spirit is quite broken. The wild boars aro all away from the islands now, even from Muiok; we have only tho sheep. And tho Maokeu idea, and tho Macleans, and the Maoleods— they are all sheep now/' . ' Was it not quite obviona ? How could any -one associate with this bright-f&oad; young man tho fierce' traditions of hate and malioo And revenge- that make tho boos aud islands of the north still more terrible in their loneliness 3 ThoBe were tho days of strong wills and strong passions, and of an easy disregard of individual lifo when tho gratifi cation of somo set doairo was noar. What had thin Macleod to do with such soorohtng iflreaof hate and of love? Ho was playing with « silver fork and half a dozsnatraw. herrioa i Miss Whito'a surmise was porfeotiy natural and correct. Tho ladies went upstairs; aud tho raen,t after tho claret hail gone round, followed* them. And sow ib sooiuod to this rudo Highland or that ho waa only going from wonder to wonder. Half- way up tho narrow Btaircfisio was a largo recess diruly lit by the sunlight falling through stalnod cla»a ; aud thero was a ainoll fountain playfog in tho iniddlo of this grotto ; and all around was a wilderness of ferns dripping with tho spray, while at tho ontranoo two stone figures hold up magical globos on which tho springing nud falliou wator was rcllootod. Thuu from this partial gloom ho oinorgod into the drawing* room— a dream of rosu-uiuk aud gold ; with Lho air awootouod around him by tho nunaou of tobos and tall lilicu about. Ilia oyos woro rather bowildorod at ilrob ; tho llguroa of tho women soomod dark agaiuBt tho white laoe of tho wiudowa. Biit as ho wont forward to his hostess ho could umko out still fnrthor wondds of color ; for iu tho balconies out sidoj iutho full Klaro of tho suu, were gora« nimus aud loboliaa and aoldon caloooloiios aud roil suapdragon ; tuoir bright hues faintly touipurodby tho thin ourlaiue through which thoy woro soou. Ho oould not holp oxproasiuif hia admiration of thouo thlnija that woro bo now to him, for it soomad to him Chnt ho had como into a laud oC por- potual Hummer and ounohiito and glowiua llowcvo, Then tho luxuriant Kroonuoaa of tho folinjjo ou tho other aldo of Exhibition road-~for Miu liooa't) houso fnuod woot* WAtd— was, an ha said, oluaulnrly beautiful to ouo aoouutomoil to tho windy n\Ua of tho wodteru ialoot ? ? - ' Uub you havo nob soon ouv ultn— ouv own ohn,' anulMro. llyiw, who wna nrirtUfllu« some azaleas that hod -just been seat her. 'We are very proud of our elm. Gertrude, will you take Sir Kcitb to boo our noblo elm?' He had almost forgotten who Gertrude waa ; but the next second he recognised tho low and almost timid voice that said— ? 'Will ' yon come this way, then, Sir Keith ?» He turned, and found that it was Miss Whito who spoke.; How was it that this girl, who was only a girl, seemed to do things so easily, and gently and naturally— without any trace of embarrassment or Belf-conaciousncas ? Ho followed her, and knew not which to admire the more— the careless simplicity of her manner, or the singular symmetry of her tall and slender figure He had nover seen any statue or any picture in any book to bo compared with this woman, who was so fine and rare and delicate that she seemed only a beautiful tall flower in this garden of flowers, Thore was a strange simplicity, too, about her dress— a plain, tight-fitting, tight-aleevod dress of unrelieved black, her only adorn, ment being some bands of big blue beads worn loosely round the neck. The black figure, in this shimmer of rose-pink and gold and flowers, was effective enough ; bnt even the finest of pictures, or tho finest of statues, has not the subtle attraction of a graceful carriage. Macleod had never seen any woman walk aa this woman walked, , in bo stately and yet so simple a way. ? From Mrs. Boss's chief drawing-room they passed into an ante- drawingroom, which was partly a pasBage and partly a conservatory. On the window-aido were Bome rows of Capo heaths ; on the wall-side some rows of blue and white plates ; and it was one of the hitter that was engaging the attention of tiro per sona in this anteroom— Colonel Boss him self, and a little old gentleman in gold* rimmed spectacles. ? /'Shall I introduce you to my father?' Baid Miss White to her companion ; and, after a word or two, thoy passed on. 'I think papa ia invaluable to Cojonel Boss,' said she, 'he is as good as an auctioneer at telling the value of china. Look at this beautiful heath. Mrs, Boss is very proud of her heaths.' Tho small white fingers scarcely touched the beautiful blossoms of tho plant ; bud which were the more palely roseate and waxen ? If one were to grasp that hand — in some sudden moment of entreaty — hi the sharp joy of reconciliation— in the agony of farewell— would it not be crushed like a frail flower? 'There is our elm,' said she, lightly. ' Mrs. Boss and I regard ifc as our own ; we have sketched it bo often.' They had emerged from the conservatory into a small square room, whioh -was prac tically a continuation of the drawing-room, bnt which waa decorated in pale blue and Bil ver, aud filled with a lot of knick-knacks that showed it was doubtless Mrs. Boss's boudoir. And out there, in the clear June aunahine, lay the broad greensward behind Prince's Gate, with the one aplondid elm spreading hia broad branches into the blue Bky, jmd throwing a soft shadow on the corner of the gardens next to the house. How Bweot and still it was— as still as tho calm, clear light in this girl's eyes. There was no passion there, and 'no* trouble; only the light of a June day, and of bine Bkies, and a peaceful eouI. She rested the tips of her fingers on a small rosewood table that stood by tho window : Buroly, if a spirit ever lived in any table, the wood of thia table must have thrilled to its core. -And had he given all this trouble to this perfoot oreatore merely that he should look at a tree ? — aud waa he to say some ordinary thing. about an ordiniu-y elm to tell her how grateful ho was? 'it ia like a dream to me,' ho .said, honestly enough, 'since I coma to London. You seem always to have sunlight and plenty of lino trees and hothouse ilowora. Bub 1 Buppose you have winter like tho rest Of U8.' ' Or we should very soon tire at al& this, boautiful as it is,' said 'she, and aho!lookod' rather wistfully out on the broad still gardens. ' For my part, I should, very Boon tira of it. I should think there was mare excitement in the wild storms and the dark nights- of the north ; there must be a strango fascination in the short winter days among the mountains, and the long whiter nights by tho eido of tho Atlantic' Ho looked at her, and smiled. That fierce fascination he knew something of : haw had Bho guessed at it? And as for her talking as if she hcraolf would gladly brave the3O'atorina. — was it for a foam-bell to bravo a storm? was it for a roso-leaf to meet tho driving rains of Bon-an-Sloioh ? .-,. .» ' Shall we go back, now !' said she-; and as she turned to Joiva tho way ho could not fail to remark how shapely her neck was, for hor rich golden-brown hair waa loosoly gathored up behind. But juBb at thia moment Mrs. Boss mado hor appooranae. ' Come,' said Bho, ' wo shall havo a chat all to ourselves ; aud you will toll inc, Sir Koitb, what you havo seen aiaoo you oanio to London, aud what has etruok you most. Aud you must atay with us, Gertrude; por* hapa Sir Keith will be so kind aa to fiuci:o your blood with another horriblo story about tho Highlanders— I am only a poor southerner and had to get np my logonas from books— but this wioued gtrL Sir KcitJj, dolights as much in stories of bioodshod as a askoolboy docs.' ' 11 You will not boliovo hor,' eaid Miss Whi,te, iu that low-touod gravely ainooro voioo of hora, while a faint ehaU4iko piuk uuft'usod hor faao. 'It was only thut wo woro talking of tho Highlands, boo:uuo wo uu» tlorutood you woro oonilug ; and Mrs, Uoaa W!\a trying to make out — — — ' aud hora a spioo of proud misohlof oamo into tho ordU uarily calm eyca — 'aho waa trying to maUo out that you muufc bo a very torriblo and daugorous uoraon, who would probably unir dur ua all it wo were not civil to you.' ' Well, you know, Sir Keith,' aaid Mrs. Boss, apoIofloMoally, 'you aoknowlodgo yuursolf that you Maclooda wevo a very dreadful lob of pooplo at ouo tiuv-\ What a uhtuuo id was to track tho poor fclloWovor tho enow, and then deliberately to put brushwood in front of tho cave,, and then auil'ooKto wholo two hundred iici'aoaa at 'Oil, yos, no doubt,' o&td; he, 'buttlio MuoJonulda woro oaked (irst to give uu tho mon that had bouud iho Maolcoda hand aud fuofc nud sot thom ndrltt iu tho boat ; aud thoy would not do it. And if tbd Mac donalda had got tbo Maeleods into a, cave, they would have suffocated them too, * The Macdonalda beg&h; it.' 'Oh, no, no, no,' protoatcd Mju Boas, I can remember better than that. What were the Macleoda about on the ialand at all when they hod to be sent off, tied hand and foot in their boats!' ? 'And what is the dutorence between tying a man hand and foot and putting him oat in tho Atlantic, and suffocating him in a cave? It was only by an accident that the wind drifted them over to Skye.' 'I shall begin to fear that you have some of the old blood in yon,' said Mrs. Boss, with a smile, ? ? if you try to excuse one of tho cruellest things ever heard of.' 'I do not excuao it at all,' said he, simply. 'Ifc was very bad. — very craeL Bnt perhaps the Maeleods were not so much worse than others. Ifc was not a Macleod at all, it was a Gordon — and she a woman, too — that killed the chief of tho Mackintoshes after sho hod received him as & friend. 'Pafc your head down on the table,' said she to tho chief, ' in token of your submission to the Earl of Huntly.J And no sooner had he bowed hia neck than she whipped out a knife and cut his head off. That was a Gor don; not a Macleod. And I do not think the Maeleods were bo much worse than their neighbors, after all.' 'Oh, how can yon say that i' exclaimed his persecutor. ' Who waa ever guilty of Buch an act of treachery as setting fire to the barn at Dunvegan? Macdonald and his men get driven on to Skye by the bad weather; they beg for shelter from their old enemy ; Macleod professes to be very great friends _ with them; and Macdonald is to sleep in the castle, while his men have a born prepared for them. You know very well, Sir Keith, that if Mac donald had remained that night in Donvcgan Castle, he would have- been murdered ; and if the Macleod girl had not given a word of warning to her sweetheart*, the men in the barn would have been burnt to death.- I think if I were a Macdonald I should be proud of that scene — the Macdonalds march* ing down to their boats with their pipes playing, while the barn was all in ablaze, fired by their treacherous enemies. Oh, Sir Keith, I hope there are no Maeleods of that sort alive now.' 'There are not^ Mrs. Boss,' said he gravely. 'They were all killed by the Mac donalds, I suppose.' 'I do bolieve,' said ahe,''that it waa a Maoleod who built a atone tower on a, lonely island, and imprisoned his wife there—' , 11 Miss White,' the young mun said, modestly, 'will not you help me? Am I to be made responsible for all the evil doings of my ancestors t' 'Ifc is really not fair, Mra. Boas,' said she ; and the sound of .this voice pleading for him went to his heart : it was not as the voice of other women. 'I only ineant to punish you,' said Mrs. Boss, 'for having traversed the indictment — I don't knowa whether that is the proper phraso, or what it means, but it sounds well. You first acknowledged that the Maeleods were by far the most savage of the people living up thore ; and then you tried to make out that the poor creatures whom they har ried were as cruel as themselves.' ' What is cruel now waa not cruel then,' he said; 'it was a way of fighting ; it was what is called on ambush now — enticing your enemy and then taking him at a difisui vontago. And if you did not do that to him ho would do it to you. And when a man ia mad with anger or revenge, whafcdoeahecara for anything V 'I thought we were all aheep now,' aaid she. 'Do yon know the story of the man who was {logged by Maclean of Lochbay — that ia hi Mull,' said he, not heeding her remark. ''Yon do not know that old story I' They did not ; and he proceeded to tell ' it, in a grave and simple fashion which waa sufficiently impresaive. For he was talking to these two friends now in tho moat unem bamused way ; and he had, besides, the chief gift of a born narrator — an utter f orgefcf ulness of himself. His eyes rested quite naturally on their eyes as he told his tale. Bnt first of all, he spoke of tho exceeding loyalty of the Highland folk to tho head of their clan. Did thoy know that other story of how Maclean of Duart tried to capture the young heir of the houso of Lochbuy, and how the boy was rescued and carried away by his nurse ? And when, arrived at sun's catatc^ ho returned to rovengo himself on those who had betrayed him, among them waa the husband of tho nurse. The young chief would havo spared tho lifo of this man, (or the old wouisw's sake. 'Let the tail go with tho hide,' said she, and ho waa slain with the rest. And theu tho narrator went on to the atory of tho Hogging. Ho told them bow Maclean of Lochbuy waa out after tho deer ono day ; and hia wife, with her child, had come out to aeo tho shooting. Thoy were driving tho dear ; and at a particular pass a man was stationed so thai* should the door uomo that way, ho ahould turn them back. Tho deer camo to this pass ; the nun foiled to turn thorn : tho chief was mad with rage. Ho gave orders that tho nun's back should bo bared, ami that he should be (logged bafonwdl the people ? 'Vory well,' continued Maclaod, 'it waa dono. But it ia not sate to do any. thing liko that to a Highlander ; at least it kvi j not safe to do anything Hko that to a Highlander in tkoao days ; for, aa I told yon, Mm. Boss, wo aro all liko sheep now. Thou thoy wout after tho doer again ; but at ouo moment the man that had boen (logged solved Maoloan'a child from tho nurse, and ran with it across tho monntaiu-siile, till ho reached » pl&co; overhanging the sea. And ho held out tho child over the soa ; and it waa uo uso that MrcIoau begged ou hia kucea for foraivcucsa. Even tho passion of loyalty was lost uow in tho tierocnesa of his rovenge. This was what the man said— that uulaaa JJacloAU had his back bared there aud then before all the people, and flogged aa ho hail bocn flogged, then tho child should ba dashed iuto the sojv bolow. Tharo vras nothing to bo done but that— no prayers, no offer*, no appeals from the mother were of any use. Ana bo it was that Maclean of Loohouy was flogged thero, bafote his own poonlo ; and hla enonvy above looking on. And theu? When is was over, tho man oallod aloud, ' Bavanged 1 Rovcneod t ' and anrang iuto tuo air with the child along with him; and neither of them- was ever seeu again after they had aunk into the flea. It is a& old story,' An old story, doubtless, aad often told; but its effect on this girl sitting beside him waa strange. Her clasped hands trembled ; her eyea were zteztd and faacuiated aa if by some tpelL Mra. Boat, noticing this ex treme tension of feeling, and fearing it, hastily rose. ' Come, Gertrude,' she said, taking the girl by the hand, 'we shall be frightened to death by these stories. Come sod eiag us A song—* French song, all about tears, and fountains, and bits of ribbon. Or we shall be seeing the ghosts of murdered Highlanders coming in here in the daytime,' Macleod, not knovriog whai he bad doae, bat couBcioaa that something had occurred, followed them into the drawingrooio, &od; retired on toasofa while Misa White sat down to the open piano. He hoped he had sot offended her. He would not frighten ha again with any ghastly stories from the wild northern seas. And what was ihi? French song that sho was about to sing ? Tho pale, slender fingers were wandering over the keya ; and there was a sound— faint and clear and musical — aa of the rippling of soiaxuer seaft And sometimes the sounds came, nearer j and now he fancied he recognised some old familiar strain ; and he thoaghtof his couun Janet somehow ; and of lammer daya down by the blae waters of the Atlantic. A French song 1 Sorely if thia air, that seemed to come nearer and nearer, waa blowa from any earthly land, it had eome from the valleys of T/^hfcl and Ardgoar and from thfi Btill shores of An'tmTg and Moidsr& Oh, ye3 ; it was a very pretty French song that she had chosen to please Mrs. Boss with. ' A vet Mrriwm' xq cax la' doer — — this was what she sang ; and though, te tell the bath, she had not much of a Toiee, it * was exquisitely trained, and she sang with i tenderness and expression snob as he, 4 least, had never heard before— He warbled svect cad ties)/ ; An' ays tfce o'enome o' hia zing Was ' Wae'»me for Pria» C&iiiie; f Oh ! irbea I heard the txasnie, tonaie tird, Tho tears cam' dntDoin rxrdy; I took my bonnet oS my head, J?or srell I lo'ed Pricco Chariie. It could not have entered into hia ''^*g»f»ir tion to believe that such pathos coold exist apart from the actual eorrow of the world. The instrument before her seemed to speafc j and the low, joint cry was one of infinite grief and longing and love, Qooth I, ?? My bird, ray bamie, banaie bir3, fi ttat a sang ye borruw ; Are theae saa» words yaTre karat by Iisart Or % mi o' dool aa corrov f ' Oh, do, no, no,' tbs vea bfad pry, ' I'ra tLjTTB sia* moraio* earJy ; Bat tic' x day o* cried aod nin — Ob, vae'suufcrFdaesCbartfs f ? lira. Rosa glanced archly at *»m when sits discovered wbatsor; of French song it was that Miss Whita had chosen ; but he pud no heed. His only thought waa— 'If only tha mother and Janet could hesx thia strange ainging.V . When she had ended, Mrs. Boss csme oveS to him and said — ' That ia a great co-inplimenj to yon.' And he answered, simply — 'I have never heard any sinking ITV^ that.' Then young Mr. Ogilvie— whose exisfceBce, by the way, he had entirely and most no. gratefully forgottoa — came up to the pintm . and Iwgan to talk in a very pleasant and aniudng faahion to Mis3 White, She was turning over the leaves of the book before, her ; and Macleoi grew angry with thia idle interference. Why should this lily- fingered jackanapes — whom a man could wind roo&4 a reel and throw out of window— disturb the, rapt devotion of thia beautiful Saint Cecilia! She struck a firmer cord ; the bystanders withdrew a bit ; aud of a sudden it seamed to him that all the spirit of all the cluaa was ringing in tha proud f srvor of this fragile girl'a voice. Wieaee had she got this fierca Jacobite passion that thrilled him to tiw very finger-tips ♦ HI to locUsl, and Appin, aa j Ined to U-ea, Dowu by U.\ei Hurray aad li.ij of SildnrSc : Erarc Hackiatcsb. hs shall :\y x-o U-s field nilij U-ea , Tscic ara iSm lais I cau lru» wf ay Cbsx- iie t Could any man fail to answer? Could any nun die otherwise than gladly if ha diea with sack an appeal ringing in hia eaisi Madeod did not know there was scarcely any more volutua iu this girl's voice jktw than when sho was singing tho plaintive 'WAil that preceded it: it seemed to him that} there vra3 the strength of the traad of armies in it ; and a challenge that could rosso a nation. Ddvn lhroa?h tho Lovrlaads, down 'Ri'tiaTVhigtuiicut^ Loyal xrrta Hishlaoderj down wi* tham Tare\y-J Kanaid and IXmaJd drive on wi¥ tho brcvivl elaytows Over the neck* ot tho toca ot Prinoe CberiU ! follow thc«! Follow thee! Wha wadna td&ot; thM, Kit« o' Uta HigUaad heart', boaoio Pri*» ChaiUe ! She shut the book, with a fight laugh, and left tho piano. Sho came over to where Macleod sat, When he saw that she meant to spoak to hiai, he rose, and stood before her. * 'I must ask your pardon,' said she, smiling, ' for singing two Scotch aoaga j for * I know tho pronunciation is very difficult.' Ho answered with no idle compliment— ' If Teoi-hch ban oj, as they uaed to call him, were alive now,' said he, and indeed there was never any Stuart of them all, not oven tho Fair Young Charles himself, who lookotl more haudaotno than this excao Maoleod of Daro who now stood beforo her, 'you would get him more mco to follow him thru* any flag or standard he ever raised.' She oast her eyes down. Mra. Rosa's guesto began to lcavo. 'Gcttrudo,' said shs, 'will you drive with, me for half an hour— tho eavrifcgo ia at the door ? And I know tho gentlemen want to havo a cigar in tho shado of Kensington Gardens : they might como back and have A cup of toa with us.' But Miss White had some engagement ; sho aud her father loft together ; and tho young men followed them almost directly-— ifes* Rosa saying that bIiq would bo most pleaa$$ to seo Sir Keith Maoleod any Tuesday ox Thursday afternoon ho happened bo bo pass, ing, *a sho was always »t homo oa these 'days. ? ? ?.'-.??? ?',*' \ 'I don't think wo catt -lo octtor than take hor ndvica about tho clgskv,' said young Ogilvie, aa they crossed to Kenstng* ton Gardens, 'NYb&$ do .voa tliiuk «J her?11 '' ' ? « Of Mrs. Roast' ' ' ,?!?.?«*«*?.»':: :?.;? «. ? ? ?? ;.-??*; /.'Oh. I think she is a very pleasant woman.'*' '*? '???'?-.? ??, ? ?'? ?? ; ' ' ? ' *' ''? ^ Yes, but^-— ~' eaid Mr. OgUvie, '— how did ehe strike you? Do you think fthVb BA fascinating aa some men think. Hecj»,: .??? ;!,.i ,. -?:.. . .:. J ,? - .- ?J -' I dori'i knovy what men think about ier,' said Maoleoa. 'It never occurred to me to ask whether a married woman was fikscinating or not.: I thought she was a ftiendly womaa— talkative, amusing, olover fladugh.*' \- They lit their cigars in the cool shadow of Oke groat elms ; who does not know how Beautiful Kensington Gardens are in June? And yet Maclood did not seem disposed to ? be* garrulous about these new experi ences of Ilia; he was absorbed, and mostly iilenfc. - ' .' ''? ' -? : ' ?' That ia an extraordinary fancy she has taken for Gertrude White,' Mr. Ogilvie re marked. u Why extraordinary ?' the other asked, with sudden interest. ' Oh, well, it is unusual, you know.; but the is a nice girl enough, and Mrs. Rosa is fiond of odd folks. You didn't speak to old White ?— his head is a sortof British Museum at antiquities' ; but he is of some uee to these people— ho is such a swell about old armor, snd- china, and euch things. They say he wants to be Bent out to dig for Dido's funeral gyre at Carthage, and that he is only waiting tb get the trinkets made at Birmingham.' : They walked on a bitin eilencp. ' ''** I think you made a good impression, on Mria. 'Ross,' eaid Mr. Ogilvie, coolly. *? You'll find 'her an uncommonly useful Woman, if she takes a fancy to you ?; for she feoows everybody and goes everywhere, though her own house is too small to let her entertain properly. By the way, Macleod, £ffl-n'tthink:you. could have hit on a worse . fisitow than I to take you about ; for I am so ?*? Bttle in London that I have become a rank wrtsider. But I'll tell you what I'll do for Era if you will go with me to-night to Lord Beauregard'a, who is an old friend of mine. 1 will ask hnn to introduce yon to some people — and bis wife gives very good dances' —and if any Royal or Imperial swell comes 6s town, you'll be sure to run against him there. I forget who it is they are receiving Ihere to-night : bat anyhow you'll meet two sr three of the fat duchesses whom Dizzy adores ; and I shouldn't wonder if that Irish girl were there — the new beauty : Lady Beauregard ia very clever at picking people np.M 'Will Miss White be there?' Macleod asked, apparently deeply engaged in probing the end of his cigar. ITfq companion looked up in surprise : then a new fancy eeemed to occur to him ; and he amiled very elightly. ? 'Well, no/' said he slowly, ' I don't Bunk she wilL In fact, I am almost sure she will be at the Piccadilly Theatre. If you Eke, we will give up Lady Beauregard, and after dinner go to the Piccadilly Theatre in Btead. How will that do ?' - ?' I think that will do very well,' said JIacleod. ' '*' ;* ' 