ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; We have had "The Flying Dutchman" done a good many times in Melbourne, but it has not been done lately unt)l. Saturday night. If it cannot be done with better effect than it was upon that occasion, it ad better be left out of the repertory of acting plays. For it requires good scenery and spectacular effect, and cunning mechanical contrivances, and all these should work with unfailing smoothness. As a drama, it is almost contemptible. The ghost of a Dutch captain is allowed to wander about the world, vampire-fashion, for a hundred yeaxs, on condition that he never opens his moutb. At last he does open his mouth, and imme diately he sinks through the floor, but re appears immediately afterwards on the oceatt. In the course of his earthly experience lie personates somebody else, and steals a young lady, who is carried away by him to a cavern, preparatory to her being taken to the bottom of the sea. There is a good deal of filling in with what is known as comic business, in which a bear-disguise plays a part, I confess I never could see the reason for the intro duction of this bear business, and as for the Von Bummel absurdity, and especially his getting into female costume, it is only a be wildering dramatic impertinence. I suppose the reason for the disinter ment of this piece was that Miss Rosalie Duvalli might play Vanderdecken, but she will hardly add much to her repu tation by the representation. She had better keep to her ballet business. Especially let me entreat both the sisters Duvalli not to sing any more. On Monday night they sang in aPballet trifle called " The Demon Lover." Their singing was endured for the sake of the dancing which accompanied it. " The Demon Lover" was preceded by " Gilderoy," which dates so far back that I am afraid to say how many years it is since I first saw it. As a dramatic story it is commonplace enough, but there is some lively business in it, and there is a tolerably good Scotch part, which, when played by an actor like Mr. Whyte, who is not much if not Scotch, it becomes very acceptable. "Our Parsons" has served as the afterpiece during the week. On Thursday night the sisters Duvalli took their benefit, and gave a programme consisting of " Robert Macaire," a ballet farce entitled *' Fifteen Years Labour Lost," and " Our Parsons." The old French drama of " Robert Macaire" has often enough been played in Melbourne, the latest previous occasion of its representation being a few weeks ago at the Princess's, when Mr. Ogden and Mr. Power took the parts of Robert Macaire and Jacques Strop. On Thursday night these two parts were played by Mr. Vincent and Mr. Coutts, who took the burlesque view of the situations, and bur lesqued them accordingly, with an especial reference to what we know as minstrelsy burlesque. In fact, they reminded one, somewhat, of Mr. Weston and Air. Hussey in the sketch they used to call "Les Miserables," only Mr. Weston and Mr. Hussey were very much better than Mr. Vincent and Mr. Coutts. Of the other characters there was not much to remark beyond the prettiness of Miss Watt as crementine, the quaint humour of Mr. Taylor as Pierre, and the asphyxiated agony of Mrs. Bryer as Marie. Again, as of old, everybody seemed to be gravelled about the name of Mons. Germeuil, which seems to be a kind of jaw-breaking shibboleth with actors, as if there were no such thing as uniformity in the pronunciation of French words. To-night Mr. Jack is to make his first appearance here as Falstaff in " Henry IV. (part 1st), and Miss Firmin (Mrs. Jack) will play Prince Henry. At the Opera-house, the same bill, i.t. Barney the Baron" Mid "Snow White," has continued to content the manager; and at the Academy Mr. Hall's irresistible comedy as Tottles, in " Our Dad," has of necessity contented thecrowds who havegone toseehim. On Monday next Mr. and Mrs. Tavares will make their appearance at this house in " London Assurance," Mrs. Tavares playing Lady Gay, and Mr. Tavares Sir Harcourt Courtly. On. Monday night, at the Opera house, Robertson's comedy of "Ours" will be revived, "Uncle Tom's Cabin" is Btill running at the Princess's. There have been some addi tional performances at this house to which the pnblic were not admitted, the finale of which is a change of management. Next Tuesday little Bella Russell, whose per formance of Eva has done so much to make the success of the piece, will take her benefit At St. George's Hall, on Monday night, Kelly and Leon's MinBtrels resumed their performances, after an absence of some weeks in Adelaide and a briefer visit into the Victoria provinces. They opened with new materials, in which Mr. Leon, as " A Girl in Advance of the Times/' was the principal. This is even funnier than his previous illimitably amusing representations. Mr. Kelly's burlesque of oonjuring is not below it in an overflow of tifcillatory provocatives. But the travestie of gift distribution is not a wise thing, and I do not wonder that the audience expressed their dissatisfaction. The joke/to begin with, is not new, and although the persons " sold" may be afterwards under stood to "be connected with the company* the effect is nevertheless bad. For the practical joke 1b as much against the audience as tigainst the person who is principally made a fool of. "^The expedient is on a level with the getting up sham quarrels on the stage, -which has "beendohein some companies tfho -have appealed at this hall. Let-us have as much real fun as you like, batbyall paeans Avoid aaythipg .which produces mipleaflftnt impression. Peoplp do> j}ot like ^u*-*nade imcomforfc^ble, even whenthe jbaiseof their discomfort ib only of'thestage* prii&ltTdnd.; V! '? "' Mr. Val Vose and Mr. and Mra Alfred Silvester have lor the present concluded; their performances at the Temperance-hall, Theirs is a very pleasant and amusing enter tainment. Mr. Vose h(is added to the num ber of hiB figures two others, bo that now they consist of five, and he keeps up. the conversation among them without any hesitation or break. Mr. Silvester's con. juring is exceedingly neat, and as it does nnt inolnilo »»« *?' * "" ~ . - -j ana as it does not include any of those insufferably weari some card-tricks, which, with some con jurors, constitute more than half of evening's business, it is by so much hJ"1 than many others of greater renown. *TC Silvester goes through the suspension ^ ness very prettily, but of her "LiehJl," Shadows of Character" I cannot speak they could be Been only in the middle J* hall, and I sat ifc the side. On Friday ni!*? last, that is on August 9, there was eivmT^ the St Kilda Assembly Hall an amateur Jf formance for the benefit of the Human" Society. It was under the direction of lf« Bladen Neill, who is known so well in con nexion with her efforts to promote stoical! ture, and it was exceedingly-shall i distressingly ?-select. The tickets expreaslr enjoined you to appear in " full dress " and as a good many people, quorum pare sum detest having to put on what is known as " full dress." the audience, for the mostpart consisted of superfine people. I suppose f ought not to be insensible to the favour of being occasionally admitted into the society of the haute noblesse, such as it is, of this com munity, but if the favour could be conceded without the condition attached, of dress," I, for one, would like it all the better I cannot but think there is a kind of tyranny in dictating bow a man should clothe him self when he goes to a performance of any kind. I do not think that chimney-sweeps blacksmiths, ironfounders, millers, or those gentlemen whose out-door duties commence at a very late hour of the evening, should be invited to go in their habit as they live. But that it should be made imperative that one should dress like a waiter in order to prove oneself a gentleman is a kind of social puzzle to me. Concerning this entertainment there was music, instrumental and vocal, and there were tableaux, and there was the burlesque of " Blue Beard," and there was a speech by Sir Redmond Barry, who it need hardly be said is always more than equal to occasions requiring well-chosen words, delivered in a fine courtly manner. I suppose it would be an unforgivable wickedness to mention the names of any of the amateur performers on the occasion. But as Mr. King, who led the amateur orchestra, and Signor Zelman, who conducted, are not amateurs, I speak of them accordingly with the approval their eminent merits demand. On Saturday night Madame Tasca gave what is understood to be the last of her con- certs in this city. It was the best she has yet given, as if she had reserved herself for a good-bye occasion, so as to leave a pleasant effect- after her farewell. Not that there has been any donbtof her great merit, but one could imagine she had resolved upon making assurance doubly sue, and leaving everybody without an excuse fot admitting her talent She began with one of Chopin's baliades, and she ended with' a solo on the organ- Between these she played other pianoforte solos, and took part also in a duet with Mr. Hart Regarding her gene rally, as an exponent of what we know of the poetry of music, in all these performances she showed herself capable of meeting any requirements likely to be prescribed in this particular. For it is not alone that she baa unusual technical skill, but that she useshei skill in the produc tion of those effects which produce on the mind an influence beyond that of the passing time. For if music to a religion, its priests and priestesses should be able to raise those who worship under their ministrations heavenwards. Most mi* nisters of religion, as we commonly under stand religion, fail to do thiB; and ministers of the religion of music foil to do i also. It is only now and then that a twe evangelist arises in either theology or music, but when he does, he draws all men are1. him. And I think Madame Tasca has some of the fervour which makes most people ship in spite of their disbelief in creeds, the others who took part in this concert there were Miss Christian, Miss Bosina Carand^i Miss Pitts, Mr. Lamble, and some amateu» Among these, Miss Christian alone poss the power of making yon believe _ _ muBic can be a religion. And this shew does ; and hence'the grasp she has «P°D &udifiDC6;« Mademoiselle Olga Duboin is going two piano recitals of chamber music Glen's most commodious concert-rbom. will take place on August 25 and 81. I suppose -everybody remembers _ o{ pleasantly Signor Dondi, oneea Mr. Lyster'S Opera 0>w&ny;,/when ^ opera, fittingly represented, might «w They will be pleased to know that most'successful engagement atHer ^ during the season juBt over,. in ^ played the leadlng bass 'parte in so " ^ as ."Gli Ugonoti," ' berto/' he lias been- re-engaged fot TT- Lun waII Utioken Of, «eo8UUi ' jav ww.y^ n singer and actor. TAHITi" 