COMMUNICATED. [Correspondents who are good enough to forward newspapers containing theatrical items will much oblige by marking those passages to which they desire to direct atten tion, and when cuttings are enclosed, it is desirable they should have attached to them the name of the paper from which they are taken, and the date. J Adelaide, Sept. L Dear " Tahite,"—The Adelaide season" of the Tasca concert company is drawing to a close.1 It baa been brilliant in every, sense of the word, and could, I am sure, have been considerably prolonged with satisfaction to the public and the management, had not ar rangementa elsewhere prevented it. Each concert has seen such a vast assemblage of fashion, beauty, and musical apprecia tion, that even Adelaide itself has been sur prised. The fact is, Madame Tasca has hit the public taste here to a nicety, and I am speaking truly when I tell you that she is very generally preferred to Goddard. At her third and last concert on Friday evening she took a benefit before one of the largest audiences ever seen within the walls of the Town-hall, and met with a reception that for warmth of enthusiasm could not have been surpassed. The Governor and Lady Jervois ana suite were present. To-morrow night (Tuesday) Bhe will appear at Gawler, ana on Wednes day at Kapunda. On Saturday we give, at the wish of a large number of Ade laide citizens, a grand farewell concert at the Town-hall, and shall return immediately afterwards to Melbourne. Miss Merz, the young German soprano who accompanied Madame Tasca here, has also been a parti cular favourite, and will have cause to re member the good feeling extended towards her by, not only her numerous countrymen, but the general public. Mr. Plumpton also has found many admirers, and made many private friends. Taken altogether Madame Tasca's visit to Adelaide is proving of the most gratifying description.—Yours, &c.;, W. S. Medcalfe, Manager. Sydney, Sept. 10. Dear " Tahite,"—The Randwicfc races have helped to increase the audiences at the various theatres. At the Victoria they went to see opera, which means Miss Sherwin, who on Saturday claimed the particular recognition of her friends at her benefit, when she gave " La Sonnambula." For Saturday night the tlite mustered well At the Royal " Our Girls " was withdrawn after Friday, and "Our Dad" was produced on Saturday to a large audience. At the Queen's " Flying Scud" and " The Long Strike" have been produced to satisfactory houses. At the School of Arts, the Stewart family have experienced a repetition of their former de served success. Burton's Circus, in the Hay market, has had a good week, one night (Wednesday) excepted, when it was closed in deference to the weather clerk. The same despotic authority prevented the perform ance of "Eli" at the Guild-hall, where Miss Sherwin and a number of other distinguished Vocalists were (V have sung on that night, but did nok . i Concerning thfe Victoria, there are rumours afloat as to its future management. For my self I Bhould not be surprised if the place were to be transformed into a church—or a brewery. Wild Thyme. Hobaet Town, Sept. 10. Dear " Tahite,"—" The Flying Scud " took very well, in spite of the strong opposition of D'Arcy Read's Ghost, which ghost, by the way, is a very diluted spirit. Last night Mr. Wheatleigh brought out his " Baby." He is sanguine of success, but I am afraid his con fidence will be "misplaced. Some of its scenes, it is true, are :&Tn;'Hsing, but a larger number are tedious. Mr. Wheatleigh himself is ex cellent in his part, and Mr. Byrne, who is the Baby, deserves at least honourable mention. And yet tbe house was poor. To-morrow night we are to have "The Octoroon," with Mr. Wheatleigh as Scudder, and Mademoiselle Legrand as Zoe. We have 110 niggers here to atrament the piece, but I think it will not be liked the less for that. Sweet Beiae. At last dates Mr. Hoskins was playing in Wellington to good houses. A late bill of the Imperial Opera-house in that city gave "The Game of Speculation" as the first piece, and the burlesque of " Lalla Rookh " as the second. 