AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. A meeting of members of the Agricultu ral Society was held at the Club lIotel on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of fixing the date of the Spring Show, &c.; 'T'here were present twenty-two members; the president, Mr William Little, in the chair. THEl SPRING S1HOW. Mr Bird remarked that it might induce the public to take a warmer interest in the Society ifa second prize were added in the schedules at present providing only for one, and awarding to the exhibit con sidered third best "honorable mention." The President said that the principle suggested had been adopted as far as was considered practicable, and might as occa sion offered be extended in its application. Mr Allan M'Lean moved that the show be held on Wednesday, 20th November, the day before the Caledonian gathering. Neither event was purely local, and visi. tars might be expected to come from all along the railway line, Morwell, .loe, Traralgon, Flinn's Creek, and Rose dale, in greater numbers than they'did last year, not to speak of those who would come from Melhourne. It would enable the outside public to enjoy the two events together, if they were fixed one the day before the other. Mr Murdoch Mlackintosh, one of the vice-presidents, seconded the motion. Mr N. R. Nicolson considered that many' would like to attend the Agricultu ral Show and the Caledonians without sacrificing two days in succession. The events would clash, in his opinion. He moved an amendment that Thursday, 28th October lie the date. - Mr J. Williams seconded. The motion was carried by a large niajority. PRIZE LIST. A sub-committee, consisting of M'essrs Craig, Allardyce, Bird, Gerrand, Boswell, and Napper, were appointed to revise the prize list and bring up a report thereon. TIHE NATIONAL. SOCIETr. A circular from the National Agricul. I tural Society was read, stating that the lion. Chief Secretary had demurred. to giving them a site in the metropolis for holding their shows, expressing an opinion that, the various agricultural associations throughout the colony were antagonistic to this Society, and not iin favour of any National Show being held in Melbourne. The circular concluded by asking the Society's opinion on the subject. Mr Bird moved-That it is desirable that the National Society should continue to exist, and hold its shows periodically in Melbourne. The prenmier show of the colony was held in Melbourne. Mr Davis seconded. He would not sanction such small.minded feeling as ap peared to have been imputed to the coun try societied. The Grand National Show was the example and school for all the rest, and to maintain its pre-eminence must continue to be held in the metropolis. AMr Sykes said the National and coun try Societies had worked together amicably enough. There was no antagonism. The motion was carried. TiE CROWN, GRANT. A letter was read from the Lands Office, stating that the delay in the issue of the Crown grant was owing to some doubt touching the spelling of Mr Thomson's second Christian name. LIPS IIEMiEisRs. M'r M. Mackintosh gave notice of the introduction of a new rule fixing the sub scription qualifying for life membership at 1£10. lie noticed that by the rules mem hers of the Society could introduce their wives aind children, the latter heing under a certain age, to the show grounds free. Now all men did not happen to have wives and children-(laugh ter)-admi he thought the privilege should extend to gentletmen who wished to bring a lady friend or two. A conversation of a jocose character en. sued. AMr M'Lean thought there should be a progressive bachelor tax. Mr Bird feared that married men might avail themselves of the privilege, leaving their wives at home and introducing their " cousins," so creating disunion in families. Mr Allardyce was favourable to the pro. posal, but there should be no distinction as to bachelors--all members should have the privilege. The President assured Mr Mackintosh that the rule he desired to in troduce was now practically followed, TIrE sCaiibTATYSIISP. ''The President said that as there was no more business lihe desired to say a few words. During the year there had been much discussion and some difference of opinion as to the secretaryship. Some thought the office should be honorary. It might not not lie expedient to refer to all the opinions that were expressed, but be thought it would be advisable to consider it. For himself, he would say that he had no fiult whatever to find witllh r Pater snIIt but there were thlose who considered that some alteration in present arrange ments should be made. MIr Ml. \lackinttosh thought it would lie advisable for the secretary to withdraw fromn the room. Mr Ihird: No I Let what is wanted to te said behind his back be said before iis face. Mr Allardyce considered that the secre tary should withdraw. Mr Andrew Robertson: Why {hould he retire? Why should the other officers remain, and an exception be made of him. Mlr Williamts said the matter was not supposed to affect the secretary's charac ter. There was no charge against him. It was proposed simply to discuss the policy of having an honorary secretary. Mr Allardyce: That is the point, I see it in a different light as Mr Williams puts it. Mr Mackintosh: I hav'nt the ghost of a charge against Mr Paterson. So far aq I know he has performed his duties most satisfactorily. Mr Glassford : If the secretary likes to remain, and thinks it in good taste, there can be no objection. The President: But the usage in Councils and other public bodies, where the position of a servant Is being discussed, is for him to leave the room, so as to afford greater freedom of expression. The Secretary: I will retire if you like. But if there is any complaint I should like to hear it, so as to be able to answer it. Mr Bird: It is the old story overagain I do not like thee, Dr. Fell; The reason why [ cannot tell. But I do not like thee - Mr Patterson. Now, instead of slinging away at a man behind his back, why not out with it ? lie did not believe in this hole and corner business. lie understood that the President and the late President had called lon Mr Paterson and requested him to resign. It was this very thing that militated against the success of the So ciety. Working men and others, who should be encouraged to join, had fre quently asked why he belonged to it, and his reply was that it was an institution for the good and progress of the district.- So it was, but if it was to be conducted in the sneaking underhanded style medi tated, down it goes. Regarding volunteer secretaries, they usually cost more in gra tuities and gold watches than would pay the. salary of a good man for doing his duty, and ire was entirely opposed to the idea of ousting Paterson for an honorary substitute. Mr Jas. Gerrand protested against Mr Bird being permitted to use such outrage ous terms, calling members sneaks collec lively. IHe should be made to withdraw. Mr Glassford considered that Mr Bird's remarks betrayed undue excitement, and were so contemptible that but for Mr Gerrand's protest ,be would have passed them over in silence. Mr Bird: Who do you call contemp tible, sir ? I will not sit down until you withdraw that expression. Mr Glassford: You can please yourself. I say there was nothing to justify the vehement, violent language you used. Mr Bird: Did you ask the Secretary to resign ? 'rLhe President: No. Mr Bird:' I asked Mr Glassford the question. The President: I was present with him, and I sty, no. AMr Williams deprecated the tone of the meeting. 1Were they prepared to continue paying a secretsary or desirous of getting an heon. seeretar3 ? The President, after disclaiming any personal feeling in the matter for himself and Mr Glassford, claimed to say a few words. Mr Paterson must admit that he had enemies, a fact which alienated the support of mnny who would otherwise belong to the Society and 'attend its meet ings. He and Mr Glassfuord seeing that something must be done, let the matter alone till the end of the year. Matters not mending, they waited a few days ago in a friendly way upon Mir Paterson, pointed out the evils to. him, and put it to him whether it would not be for the good of the Society he should resign. Mr Paterson took time to consider what was purely a friendly suggestion, but he (Mr Little) would say that he preferred the prosperity and advancement of the Society to individual interests, and it was because this sore was festering that he had giveni members an opportunity of ventilating their opinions. Mr Williams, to bring matters to a head, moved--That the interests of the Society would behbest conserved by retaining a paid secretary. . SMr Beatty seconded. Mr James Lowe wanted to know who had the appointment and removal of the secretary-the committee, or the Society and on being infuormed that it was the comthittee's province to deal with their officer, characterised the discussion as bootless, and the antecedent resolutions as illegal. A desultory conversation here en suted, the result being that Mr Lowe's point of order was considered fatal to fur ther present discussion, and that an error had been made in calling a general meeting of members. Those present not belonging to the committee then withdrew, the reso lutions already passed were formally re enacted, and the discussion as to the secretaryship was resumned. AMr Mackintosh said the Society owed about £420, and should try to get the ser vices of ani hon. secretary. He moved to that effect. Mir Craig seconded. AMr Bird moved an amendment that the secretaryship be a paid office as hitherto. The labourer was worthy of his hire, and services that were free were devoid of responsibility, ani generally speaking were worthless. Ile eulogised Mr Paterson's aptitude, tact, and punctuality, and per sisted that this movement was in the nature of a stab in the dark. It was con. trary to the first principles of English justice to discharge it man without telling him the renssn. We didn't want any Star Uhamber business here. - Mr M'Leant rose to order, and another. scene ensued. Mr M'Leain asked why it should be perpetually dinned into their ears that Mr Paterson was being attacked; it was not so. Mr Ilammill: I contend Mr Bird is Mr Paterson's worst friend, hut he doesn't kunw it. Mr Bird contended that this was a sud den movemtent, prejudicial to the Society and ill timed for Mr Paterson. Every one was aware that a number of sharpers had been conducting operations in this district, and hie withi others had beuen a sufferer, so hie bielieved; and on the eve if a Spring exhibition it was most injn dicionss to proptse to get quit oat him, with out the least show of reason. Mr Mackintosh objected to the dis paragement of honorary offlicers. One volunteer was worth a dozen pressed men, according to an old maxim. lie would Iundertake to collect or pay one- twentieth of the debt. Mr M'Lean said if a volunteer secretary would come up he would vote for him, but if a paid iman was to be kept, none was more competent than Mr Paterson. Mr Allardlyce consideredl it iunjust that the secretary should take comnmission on amuounts tot collected by Itim. Mr Iirld coincidled. Pay a fixed salary, anttd abolish commissiion. Mr Jis. Gerrand thuight it absurd to talk of volunteer secretaries. They wore a miserable filurc. Mr N. R. Nicolson scconled the amend ment that the secretary be paid a fixed salary, withiout commnission. The President, after deprecating the un due warmth that lhad heeu exhibited, put tihe amentdment und resolutfion, when there oappeared for the former U, for the latter 8, 'hlie resolution, for having an hion. secro tory, was then declared carried, Mr Bse well remarking, prophetically, that it was a bad day's work. Mr Bird immediately gave notice of motion for next meeting of committee That the resolution just passed be re scinded. There was not a full attendance, and for so radical a change there should have been a special intimation. The secretary agreed to act, pending the appointment of a successor, and the meet ing adjotrned for a fortnight. 