General Intelligence. FEOM 'THE PCLPII TO TUB BAH.—We learn from \ha ficho that Mr. Arthur Rutledge, who Was aV one time a Wesleyan minister in this colony, has been admitted to the Queensland bar. He is not the first minister within our recollection who has thrown off his cloth to wear the gown of a barrister, probably feeling that liis. talents were more adapted to saving cStninals from the present than sinners from the Hereafter; perhaps also having an eye to that wliicli pays the best. . '^KALLTVAY EXTENSION-.—The Evening News informs us that Messrs. Amos Bros.' contract for the extension of tlio Southern railway to North 'Wagga Wagga, is rapidly approaching completion. The rails are laid to within five tniloa.^of the town, and tho extension will bo open %r traffic in the first week in September, which will enable next season's Murrumbidgee clip : to le sont to the Sydney market Tho line as far as the Juriee station will be proclaimed open for traffic the first week in the coming month. DEALING wren TIIH SUPERNATURAL.—A very peculiar case according to theE--hur.d Advertiser, is setdoivn'for hearing at the Heathcote County Court. A young gentleman _was escorting a -young lady home one Sunday evening, and had to pass a brewery, which liad been untenanted for a long time, and bore the reputation of being haunted, some white object having frequently been seen patrolling-the* premises at 'the witching hour ofsiiight.,' Sure enough, on reaching the supernatural'^ promenade, a white object was peioeived, and witlioutjmore ado our preux chevalier riiinlied fm-ivard a'nd struck it a lieavy blow, with his walking stick. 5 • Hoivever, the ghost proved to be substantial flesh aud bone, in the shape of a daughter of a trooper, and was quietly talking at the plac6 with a friend, she being dressed .in alight- coloured dress. Negotiations for an amicable settlement having failed, the father of the injured intends to bring an-action in thef-Gounty Court to recover £200 dainh,ges. AS A-KKWAKD MISTAKE.-^A' i-ather awkward mistake occurred at the holding of a coroner'B inquest near Echuca (Va.) the other day. The inquiry was upon Alio body of a boundary rider connected with one one of the stations thereabouts, who had . been found dead, and, the neighbourhood being sparsely populated, it was with some difficulty a jury could be got together. Ultimately this was done, and evidence having been taken and a verdict returned,'the jurors ivere^discharged. Imagine the coroner s horror, however, upon taking up the sombre-covered book on which the witnesses had been sworn to find it was 1 IJaron Munchausen's Adventures, and not a copy of. Holy Writ. . The jury and witnesses had, in' the meantime,..dispersed and gone their several ways ; but attendant troopers were despatched in hot : haste to rally them again, and being re-assembled, they were resworn, upon the authorised volume this time, and the evidence gone into'denovo; a second verdict was returned and tho proceedings .terminated. SQUATTER v. FREE- SELECTOR.—In tho case, Ricketson v. Barbour, an action for trespass, tried recently before his Honor tho Chief Justice and a jury of twelve, when a verdict for the plaintiff was returned with £250 damages, beyond £20 paid into court, wo learn from tho Kelio that, on Tuesday, iast, 4th instant, Mr. Pilcher moved the till! court for a rule nisi, to set that verdict aside and for anew trial, on very many grounds, viz., inter alia, rejection of evidence, misdirection of the jury—also, that the plaintiff had sat on the Bench as one of the magistrates revising the list of jurors, and improperly removed from the list a number of names which had boon properly placed there. The court granted tho rule on five grounds, relating to the applications for the pre leases, and the subsequent proceedings therewith in tho Lands Office, and also to the conduct of the plaintiff in revising the list of jurors. ROPE WALKING.—The great rope walking contest for £200 aside, between James Perkins, of .New South, Wales and Carl Le Grand, of "Victoria came off at Mossman's Bay on Saturday last before about 3000 people. The galvanised wire ropes, live- eights of an inch in thickness, were stretched about fifty-feet iipart; and were each one hundred feet above the water, and about six hunlrod feet long. Both men started together at tho report of a pistol, but it was evident from the first that the N.S.W. representative was the most daring, as well as having a bettor style with him, and ho eventually won by seven or eight yards. Le Grand walked better when the first half of tho race had been accomplished ; but lie could never overhaul Perkins, who went lip the final ascent on his toes without resting his heels, without the least perceptable fear a* to the inevitable result of a fall amongst the huge l-./cks underneath him. The winner has since issued a challenge to walk any man in the Australian colonies upon a wire rope from one hundred to five hundred feet high. CATTLE-STEAUXG —At the Cowra Police-court on the 27th ult., as we learu from the Free P< ess, J. Buckman was charged, on summons, with having, on or about 25th December last, stolen a bullock, the • property of • J. C. Foster. Mr, Freehiil, of Cowra,' appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. Crommeliu, of Grenfell, for the defence. Mr. Crommelin objected to the jurisdiction of the court, inasmuch as the offence was presumed to have been committed in another district, to wnicli the functions of tho Cowra bench did not extend. Mr. Freehiil denied that the locale of the offence was outside that district, and contended that the commission of a colonial magistrate entitled him to jurisdiction throughout the entire colony. The majority ot tlio bench, while being of the opinion that they had perfect jurisdiction, considered that it would have been bettor to have brought the case before the G.-enfell bench, and Mr. Freehiil said that he had been instructed, in consequence of the majority of the bench not being willing to entertain the ease, as well as through somo unjust reflections that had been cast upon his client's character by the advocate for the defence witli regard to his nut wishinz to appear before the Grenfell bench, to withdraw the present information, reserving to himself tho right of filing a fresh one iu either the Grenfell or Young police districts. Some members of the bench expressed themselves as being thoroughly satislied as to the ivreproachrble character of the prosecutor. The matter then dropped. PUBLICANS' LICENSES.—It would seem that the metropolitan benches of magistrates are. liable to be as much exorcised upon tho whether or no of granting publicans' licenses, as we remember provincial benches to have been before now. From the Evening News' police report wo learn that on Tuesday last, being tho general monthly licensing day, great interest was taken iu ±he business, no fewer than sixteen of the ' groat unpaid ' being in attendance.^ The excitement culmiuated over the application of one Bernard Bogan.for a license for a house at tho corner of Stanley and Palmer streets, right opposite Dr. M'Gibbon's chapel. Not only did the police object to the grautipg, but .au adverse petition was handed in from residents of the neighbourhood, and Dr. M'Gibbon himself gave evidence agaiust it. The judicial luminaries were divided amongst themselves, a show of hands being taken, which gave eight for and eight against, and no order was made. Tho Herald says :—During the hearing of the case, which aroused very strong feeling, and was the cause df riiaiiy personalities being indulged in in a quarter where tho display of pasBion is not generally expected, Mr. Driver who appeared for the applicant, in replying, to a taunt, said there were somo people who always looked upon public-houses with horror and upon publicans as belonging to a very low class indeed; but when they went round with the hat, whether for purposes connected with tho propagation of the Gospel in foreign parts, or for. the building of a church in their own dioceses, they were always happy to accept the very coin made by the publicans in that very business. 