The toueTgirdf attitude ?assumed/byi Minis- tors since: tho rb-nssombling of ! Pnrlii- inent, on Tuosdny last,- presents a striking contrast Ltd.) that /which ! tliey ^main tained provio'iisl: to 'the 'Adjournment. Honorable uentlomun appear to have passed' tttiriiugh Vim ordeal' which' has robbed them oh that' bravado- which 'has so distinguished their proceedings since tho 8usiion'bugau.'-/rhol->remier, for once, is so bewildered that hetwill.uot eveurely upon liis powers of garrulity to perplex and raise a > dust-storm : to : hide himself and colleagues from ; the scrutiny- of . the public.' ! That - men vwho/,have<> possessed BOvi. inucli'" confidence' in< thenisclves should'.ihave 'Undergone so: complete -a metuphofmosfs-miiy.bo iiiarvoUous to tlioso who' have only, had occasional glimpses of their.: tyranny ;over, t a: feeble, ; i but ; con- valeacing, piiblic;:opinioD. ; but those .who have: studiedn. their.: action, i-and ., bearing itowardsitliC'Main'Line .Railway. Company are not so much amazed, for nouo i but findividuals.' wiio. have fallen I from fthoir liglreiUtopuud mixed'With other outcasis at wariwith'socisfcy,; ,couklt over b.ear such exposure us Miniators have 'undergone :wtliotut visibly, displaying discojnforturo., ,The" members'' of the' Ministry' wouM indood be thick -.skinned if they caino' ; before the House without any symptoms 'of remorse, j Their, consciences, have had considerable h(y lof late," as have also their powers of siinulationv, ,F,or.many months,' Btncb Che'roceipt of'"' that 'opinion of counsel, tho..pruduetiot of which, has, wrought such 'wbn'derful " effects 'in tho position of, affairs Mr.:Oib!in and his col- leagues have j' had ' a ' skeleton, in1 "their cupboard', ! whicVi 'miiat'BiaV'o 'given " ih'oiii" many an anxibus'hqu'r. Jn 'order to keep up a bold front' tliey have had rto suppress information .which should have: ' been' placed' V.tieforc , tho ' cojiii try immediately it was 'received.' ','Hdd /'this ' opinion of eminent' cuuHseR'Tioeri 'iiindb1 gene-' rally known- 1 thoro > nee'cl .'not huvo' beoa iirt" on i cry about the (Liating. of tlie J-.300.000 lo.aii having h'eou obstructed, mid tho credit of tho colony -would not have been ' qdo.stioiiiHl.'l' The altered maimer uf MinLioi-, and their constitu tional blunders of the last fbw days/bcar out tlio idea i hat- tliey have not known which- way to -turn ' for .Oniany : months. Ferliaps -to aucli/a prudicAiuent.' as this their extraordinary conduct in February ntul iilarchlAStift to bo ascribod. : 'lhoreuson why hon. "gentlemen were absentifrbm their officQB fbr'/weoks: at a' tithe, and would not' acknowledge Mr/ Grant's lottera iuti- 'mating tliat tho deputatidu was -ready to leave/and only waited tlio invitation of tho Government/ ascems now : perfectly clear. : Atthat tiinb, »-wo said the refusal -of tho Colonial Socretaiy' to .recognise Mr. Graut was only a subterfuge, machr use of to gain time. After a dolay of uoarly tli roo months tho Government telegraphed an invitation to the deputation- to come to tho colony, , atlthe same time changing, tlioir contentions: and arguments noto- riously. - i The 'tone of the Government! organ. !, alsbcunderwehtir- considerable change ' about «thi period, r and it jhas: ever since harped upon the damage; the company, r : could qv do to the country. With all these ovidencos of. want of » straightforwardness qn the part of tho Executive , vividly, in our memory/ wo say .wouu'o not surprised that hon. gcntlenien. should present such a total helplnssness. We hare been accustomed, especially during the last few sessions, to see the>hon. Prctnier leRpiag to his legs on a point of order.whenoyer a member of the.; opposite side of the . House; trans gresses tho most trifling rule of tlio Houso. The adisciisaion, : which , .ensued , ill ' the Assembly last evening, ..upon' tlio question of adjournment, showed that even tho hyporcritic was' maculate. When asked by tho lion, member for Wost; bury, beforo Parliament adjourned, he volunteerod a pledgo that,tho Government would hot 'agree ! filially to 'any proposals of tho deputation without' :tlio sanction bf the tlonao ;'i)Uius'labaiidf»ning; , pqrh'aps, tlie most important ftm'cr j.oh of tho'Exccutivo. Without inforiiiihg the;Houso of his error, ! ofr'Mkin'itJtb'rehfivo him' of 'tho responsi bility: "tlio. pledge'Jsq1' injudiciously, given 'imposed upon Tiirn, -ho, on Wodncsclay, gave notice that lie. would move/' in 'Coin-- mitteo. qf Supply'last evening, a roBulution which, placed the Government in a still worao " 'conatifciltiqniil position, as- wo ipointcd out in ouiq issue of yester-' day. However,, the exhibition of some . niystoripus.conccssioua in tha iiogociatibus — in which the hon.< gentleman said he was handicapped hy the pledge aforesaid— were rene\yed;again yesterday,- therefore, the motion had. to. be postponed. Had - the House. been ; satisfied, witlii this;'Btcp, tliOMlpredicament,! into , ;Whicli.4 tlie hon. Premier.had brought himself would .pro- :bably.:|have4|never;1been: brought,, plainly into: the; ..-light. r,:As. it. wasl.:tlie; hon. ineiuber;fpiiiid lite jnijtako; fjilly, exposed, and showed. sroat reaciiness. in; making Virtuq.- of-j the neoesBity i.of- accdptifilsVtho-' respoiVaibility lt fehflj PPUdituttoriJ(imposed.-; iW,o.qre.inelmed .tp.dioljbvo.tiiathero; pas Bomothiiig.lnipo tlian o.mpty.bantor in the- roiniirk of .lihu hQii.iinemi>er.fpriFmguhthat ho iWrtSisnrprised.Ministora diclf.iipt invito1 the Opposition itp; change, sidos with thdm:s rathoro.-.thaUii be j-dictatod. to uponp-.this subjuct-.-nlMmre Hi;e r. many ; ireasons why Ministers should desire to abandon their posts, but "nouo so cogent . ast the unploasant itiovitkbto) iQf making/prpyisionjfor tho payment of tho ' ciidtRS twhep- .adjusted by imp.psingv fresh; r' taxation. , /That -is-ho wyrU . iliby'would 'particularly', like some- onV eto 'to 'd6ftjr them.'' However, Ministers are now steaming in the water they have - bdiledfbr .themselves, and- it is not JihiilyHliab'JtheQppbsiiiqn. will run The' risk of1 'being1 ' tacaUlqd' ' 'by " baking ;.tKe . pot" ', off'.1 the ..//fiif®. ' . -to ' '® IiOgiiiative' Cbuncil therbeanhg' ofjthe- r great reprcsentative bf 1 the 'peopleiand leHlulator 'of th'b.cblebrMedBoM Tweed, | is alaoT ort)ly?i:ttthbOTide'rt.tlon,.',, With no responsibility butMat ..imposed by, a niad "crotchet, that it is inctimborit iipon him to ! win his way back to the esteem of men by blatant attacks upon tho tlung in the creation of which no took so prominent a part, with a pile of papers and memo randa, which would bo an avorago load for a donkey, boforo him, tins in fatuated relic of corrupt Government- harangues tho Chamber with ns much ' force us if he were dilating upon .. -tliQ.foreignVA,pqiicypf,.Unjtcd_EuropQ.- Though ho'adjburnecl tho debate upon his motion for a select cmumittuo to etupiiro into theTMain 'Liiio libit- ;evoning, /at 8 o'clock, because "he hud a lot more to say upon it," it would be difficult to find anything newnmongst-that programmo ho ' had selected frpm his ,Maiu Line repertory - for tho edification of 'Bympathisiin; hon. imombcrs, who ; hold opinions with him , fsiinply because hq-is trying to protect their ; pockutSf.Rnd thosb.of tlie class tlioy repre- ; ;soiitj;frpm what tliey call railway taxation.- ; Tho champion managed jto/ got dowii to tho " third r:iilt'!:anU so far had only one ! point for cousolatiqii, and that was that Sir John Holker ami Mr. Bonjaiuiu had agreed tluit no interest should be paid for tho.timo the trains ran only to Eyandale., Ho took, credit for my jluto ,collongues"-. haviiig saved" tho'colouy !Ji2O,OO0 by/ro- ; fusing to rocognise this claim, which " lio characterised as being an. " impudent" one. It'seoinsagreai pity that tlio wool kings did > not purchase the hon. gentleman niirst-clasa 'iphonog«iplin for a''1 'testimonial/1 bo that thu Santo old storios in tlirto- parts might bo ground out' to all dtoriiity/ if 'nbeesiary,' to stavo oil tho income tnx. If each member of_ tho Council word to' .provide hiinsolf witli 'a"'Chapman' phonograph, ( driven by steam, he. might, comfortably have a socti()iiJot'the trado 'gone' through overy inorning liofdro breakfast/ that is, if it Syerd sliorii' of numerous allusions as to tho'ebinposcr's 'wonderful business, capa city, .and how . he used to s'ohd Mr. Assistant' - Colonial Treasurer ' Solly, on; niossagbs-'f6':,Miv 1 Grant, so 'that that fidus achates might / comu ' back and writo minutes 'complete as to detail, of how many.. limes the, redoubtable manager of the " rascally " inil way winkod when he was handing hiiri letters -in! tlie street.- , Alas, poor Bnckiiighhm ; he has: felt the greatest blow through this- opinion of counsel. He is past consolation, and being unwilling to acknowledge himself a bciiten man on his pot antipathy,' lie has midertaken the (ask of Sisyphus. He would not mind if the stono only rolled far euough td 'crush the Main 'Line Rail way Company, Deputation and all. i _ , , House ok Assembia. — Tho House met at Tp'elackiycstenjaymftornoon. Tlie;LJremier expressed a desire to postpone his. motion; 'tabled the previous day, ua additional hogo-' ciations had been opened tip .with the railway .deputation, .which: would necessitate 'cousi- deration.' Tn"aii8Wor to 'Mr. Reibey, the ! Premier said ho woiild not withdraw tho Ipropositiony.hhdithb foniieiv moved au ad journment. -till Tuesday, .'lcssrs; Douglas land Wliitelioad opposed the udjouramoiit, land dpring the delxitc whieli ensued, the unconstitutional plcdgo volunteered ' by the ; Premier — that nothing would; be.done with- ' out the sanction of Parliament/— was severely ; handled.,. , -Mr,-.,Balfc i said that., the House gAVc the Ministry caiftc blanche to complete tlie settlement of:the question, which would be biuding, but tho Govbnimcnt would liavc to stand the responsibility. Tlie Premier consented to the adjournment, and tha ilouse adjourned shortly- before 5 o'clock, . Tjikathb Rova'i..— Tlioir was a fair audi; en eo iii the Tlioatrc 'Roytil 'last night/ con sidering that another place of amusement, the. Tqwn Jiall, was quite iillcd. There was no change in the performances, and the same programme will bo repoatuil this evening. Nhue-ltkriahlnhi'eutidn1 of "the llos- I'ITAlV— Oil the 2Sth inst. His Excollciiey the Governor, .'accbmpiinied'by the Hon. Dr. Agnew aiul Colonel ' St. Hill; inspected the General Hospital nt' Hobart Town. They were shown over the building by Dr. Smart, the chairman of /the board: ; His . Excellency, evinced the greatest interest in tlic roceufe improvements which' lmvc' been carried out, und expressed himself as much pleased with the general manner in which the institution is being worked. At the conclusion of the . inspection Ilis . Excellency .was pleosod to ; make the following record in ' the visitors' i book: — "I have been very much pleased ; with iny visit to the hospital atul quarters ' to'-dayl I 'had' not inspected tlio hospital ; for some time previously, and I am much impresseiVwitli the great improvement that I have witnessed, , Much .requires yet to bo ' done in order to 'substitute buildings more in accordanee'with modern requirements for the older' parts ;of thouhospital; but cven: .there 'evorytiiing possible is done, to preserve neatness and order. I think much credit iB -dueito, those concerned in tlie management.. — (Signed) — Fiied. A. \Yeu1,. Governor of Tasmania," Pkbsestation.— ' Yesterday the masters and pupils of the Collegiate School presented Mrs. -Ireland with a handsome piece of plate, consisting 'of'a 'silver card-basket hud butter-: cooler, accompanied by a beautifully printed address, expressive of:- tho very high esteem in which they held that lady, nna of their , appreciation, of .the. great interest she con stantly manifested in tlicir progress/ and her tender concern for their welfare. Mr. Stump, 'tlio' seconcl master,' in "the "name and on behalf of the donors, read the address and presented the gifts to Mi's. Ireland, who, ,iri acknowledging tlie very agreeable but great surprise they, had. given her on this anni- vcrsaiy of -her birthday/ assured them of. the deep interest she naturally felt in all the pupils attending the school, and how earnestly she wished that they would prove a credit .to.'thcir, teachers, au :honor. to their parents, nlul a" powerful influence for good in whatever community their future lot should bo cast. Tlio pleasing ceremony terminated; Avith; doafeuing cheers i for. Mr, and .,Mrs.' Ireland; and' tho/hmators bf the. achdolV1'' 1 ' ' ' '' ' -» Allered Peuj dry. — It will bo remem bered that on tho 20th instant, a man namedr\Yjlliam Drier .was .brought up and fined iq. the'. Ci.ty'VPolico'. Court; for haying cruelly illtrca'tcd aiiorab. in' Adclaidc-stfoofc, a fortnight-'prcviously. ' During the exami nation, a witness named Michael Purcell swore tlmt Drier 'liad' not- struck ithci hbrse with thdvbutt' cnd of tlio whip, and as several witnesses deposed to the contrary, Purcell was. yesterday >cliarged. by. Superintendent Propstfng with perjury. A number of wit- ucssps again deposedtUat Drier. had treated tlie horse iq tno maiihcr "stated, ' and .that Purcell must/hnv'q'seen ; liiin/ at" tlie ' timo. Mr. Crisp, who appeared- for Tiirccll, . re served his defence, and the1 jrouhg man .was committed for trial, baili being allowed; in' two sureties, of, £50. Bbnf.voleW'Socucty,— ' Tlie usual weekly meeting of tlie committee was attended, yesterday/afternoon; by Dr; Hall (chairman), and Messrs. AVithriugtoniand It. A.'- Mather. iTl)e! Registrar; reported that,;f>2 eases, : in cluding . ;130' '. indi viduals, had been j rolicved , during the past. weqk/ ; with 47 full, and live half nation's.. iTlio retu'rh from the Cascades showed1 t-liac eight ' persons had been 'die- cliarged, fniid'/'onq from'1 the New Town 'institute. The committee'cnquired into and rolioved seven eases. ' "' ' 1 ' 1 ; The Citt CounciiA— Tlio MunioipalCounr, cil wilt meet on Monday next, at tho Muni cipal Council' Chamber,- at 4 o'clock. Tho following ia'tho business for consideration .Reports rfroin'hthol various committees as follows, viz.— -Public Works: On 'petition for repairs to Montpclier Retreat, between Hampden rood nnd Byron-stroot ; Do.: On application of John Griffiths for permission to qrqet a-bridge over, side-.cliqnnel in Byron- street/ under the bye-law. Markets, J! On application- of lessee, 'r01d Market, for re- i)airsHt6 'stalls';1' Do.VOh' petition® of James Mulcahy... respecting „ weighbridge, Old Market;. I v.J1 % iunvhrTl i voluntbett a rttl lery ''band'1 fund.'-t- Wo have been requested to state, in con nection withothcifabove,'ithstrtlib three con certs finch the'ballvhold >ihdaidMofr (the /band . fund, have lyiolded the sum. of . £88 8si5d. Tho first two concerts netted £54/ the third £11 4s. 3d., and the'ball £23 4s. 2d. These amounts have been handed to Major Lewis, the treasurer of the fund, to reduce the liabi lity inourred in securing the services of Herr Sc'hott, tlie bandmaster, and tlio purchase of instruments. The result of the entertain ments is, we believe, highly gratifying to all J concerned, A Staddino Case. — Wo wcro informed yostqrday of a man having been stabbed on the previmuTdaynlT the Constitution Dock. From tlio nieugro particulars available it appears that a man named George 1\ atts, master of 'tlio barge Sarah Ann, had reason to complain of the dilatoriness of one of his crow. Tho man resented the interference, ami 'tlio two "quarrelled. After fighting for some tlmo" Watts was stabbed in the' groin by his assailant with a sharp- pointed knife,' /The injury' did not at first appear serious, but yesterday Watts was obligod to go to his home, buing unable to continue. his duties. . D'Ahuy Read's .Ghost.— This' mystifying entcrtqininent.was given for tho second timo last evening, in tho Town Halt, to a very largo '.audience. Although a great amount of space is occupied by tlio stage and fittings, 'wo are sure that, with houses as he' had last night, Mr. Read will have no reason to rcgrot his visit. -The same programme rs was gone , through on tho previous evening .was, repeated, and tlie shouts of bewilder ment testified that tho ghastly spoctacle had succeeded in astonishing those in front. We really cannot 'say much for tlie musjcal por tion of the programme/ which was in some instances execrable, but of the'able and skil ful management of the " ghosts," it is almost impossible to' speak' too flatteringly. < The \- entertainment will be ropeated this evening and to-morrow evening. i a : Wb are desired by Mr. Thomas Wcstbrook to remind intending purchasers of the solo he will hold this day at the Exchange Mart, Col lins-street, of a'comfortable and aubstrmtially- built stone cottage of four rooms, with detached kitchen, No. 3. in Fatrick-street. Time, 11 o'clock. ' . We are requested to call attention to tho ale of property which will bo held by Roberts and Co., ut tlio Mart, this day, at 12, viz., block of laud nt tho Don, and five acres near the Cascades. The same auctioneers will also sell on Mr. Wiggins's premises, Bathurat- atreet. horses, carts, building materials, etc. A shooting match is announced to take place at Sorell on the 7th prox., two prizes being given, viz., a chest of drawers and a silver watch. ' ; We would direct attention to au advertise ment which appears elsewhere from the local agent, Mr. R. J. Rogers, aunouueiug that the Ballarat Gallery of Paintings Art U uion will positively be carried through, ' and that the drawing will not take place till all the tickets are sold. ... ________ 