'THE BISHOP OF GLOUCESTER ON THE REAL DISTINCTION BETWEEN ENGLAND AND ROME. Ere we can hope to indicate or even to attempt generally to formulate the distinction which we are now seeking to ascertain, it-seems obvious that we must correctly appreciate the true and leading lines of the essentia! teachin" or that Church to which we stand utterly and enduringly opposed. What is the true principle of the Church of Rome ? What are its primary :and fundamental assumptions ? Let us hear them, and state them as nearly as possible in the clear language of by far the most logical and philosophical of all modern writers of that Church — a theologain whose work has been .-justly regarded with respect by all competent thinkers, whether within or without the Church, to which this writer belonged. The visible 'Churchy according to this distinguised writer —that is, the Church of Rome aud all that are "in communion with it— is the now visible m®ana'i'oa 't lc 8ec9ntl person of the Blessed xiuiiby, Boo oon ot ixou nimselr, everlastingly manifesting Himself among men in human form, perpetually renovated aud eternally young. That human form is. the episcopate,' which is the continuation of the apostolate, and mi the priesthood is the local expansion. The . priests are, to use the precise words of this writer, ia multiplication of the bishop. . ,ch .is the visi hie Church, the living and visible incarnation of the Word, arid, as such, , y exempt from all error,- divine and infallible. Here this writer stops ; but there are i numerous passages Jri his work which show' that, if it had been written within-, the last two or three years; .the! infallibility of the offical head of the episcopate, the bishop of bishops, would have been distinctly accepted, and maintained as a ueceBsary ' and logical consequence. For example, this writer admits that the papal and episcopal system — the one tending to the centre and the v other to the "circumference — worked against each other from time to time in the long historv- of the Church,- and he sees in'it a kind -of providential benefit ; lmt ho would have been among the first, if true to his own principles, to have welcomed that last Vatican decree which has completed to logic and irrevocably condi tioned, the future of that which may now lie e? without implied offence as the Papal 'Church. - - ii veP' briefly, is the distinctive attitude of the Church of Rome. Every characterising- doctrine and tradition will be . found to flow mediately or immediately from ' the general assumption which I have already specified. Ibis conceptiori it is which forms the back-, 'ground of every argument. Ike infallibility of the Church and of the poor human head of it is that which every 'disputant endeavours, when pressed home by logic or by history, to. bring into the controversy. And if we needed au illustration of tl-le truth of this, we' might point to a controversy tH'at has lately been going on in the odiums of a news: paper, between thehead of-the Church of Rome m this -. island' and a sensible and clearheaded member of our own Chrirch and diocese. Into that controversy I do not of course intend to enter; bus the anxiety envinced by one of the disputants to merge a special question into a :general one, and to draw the discussion toward . J.1,!0 broad and primary assumption that , the Cliurch is infallible, and so right in whatever she does, evinces clearly enough that this is felt to be the fundamental principle ou which every su bordinute question absolutely depends. hat now are we to saj' is that which we are seeking the essential and fundamental dis tinction between the Church of England- and the Churcliof which such are the principles and assumptions ? Can we here call back upon i if popular estimate of the principles ot.thp Church of the Reformation— the formal principle, as it was called— of the authority ot . the Holy Scriptures, and the material principle, as it is called, of justification y iaith . |Clearly not, as we are really searching for that of which these two principles are the outcome and manifestation. , We are looking for something that lies behind them, something that bririgs out in all its sharpness -and clearness the contrast between the ultimate and essential teaching of the two Churches, .and paints the. fundamental distinction. » e must look still deeper. Let us turn, then, to distinctions which carefuland logical writers have 'drawri between the reformed faith, and that . corrupting and corrupted teaching which we repudiated at the Reformation. Of the more plausible distinctions, nope at first sight more commends itself than w ch 's (ue to a/ great and accurate thinker— viz,, that the. system of Rome makes the relation of individual to Christ depend upon his relation to the Church; . while that of the reformed faith makes the relation of the individual to the Church depend upon his relation to Christ. Here we certainly seem to have, found what we are seeking, and to have arrived at a distinction which can certainly be applied and realised. And yet a moment's consideration will sliow us that we cannot accept such a distinction as sufficient and final. For,' independent" of the passing observation, that the terrii " Church " would seem to be used in a different sense in the "two members of the distinction, we have the graver difficulty that the question still remains " but why is it so? Why docs the individual in the Church of Rome subordinate his relation to Christ to his relation to the Church? and why does the individual in the Church of England act conversely? What we seek must involve no Why, but simply be a. statement of that which is admitted to be a fact both by the one side arid the othcr. Can any such statement 'be made ? In our long and enduring controversy with Rome; has any distinction ever been drawn between lis which appears to' cover and to include all the broad spiritual characteristics . and to express succinctly the sum and substance of all! the great doctrinal differences" on either side? . Is any such statement possible ? or is it, after all, verily true, as our opponents are never weary of asserting, that on our side there is no principle save that of 'protest, and that that which really defines the one ' true Church from every other community is true corporate Christian life, as contrasted with a separative and lawless subjectivity ? Yes, God be praised ! we have one clearly defined and vital principle — a principle adumbrated in the short text to this paper, sot forth in countless passages oE the Word of Life, and indirectly claimed in everv one of the fundamental Articles of our faith, as that to which every hope here and hereafter must ultimately be referred — the doctrinal rock on which the Reformed Church of England lias rested from the first, rests now, and must rest, if she remain a living Church, unto the very end. And this is our principle — that Christ is the one and only Mediator through whom, and through whom alone, sinful but repenting and believing man has access to and is reconciled 'unto God; Christ and Christ alone, is the way, the truth, and the life, to seeking travailing, heavy-laden, and repenting maa. "Come unto Me , .all that travail and are heavy laden, and I — I, without any human intermediary — will give you rest." This is our principle; and it is out of this principle that the fundamental distinction which we have been seeking obviously and easily emerges. J he Kelormeti unnren tnrows the way open through ..Christ to God, . and adores her Lord as the only medium, factor, and fountain of man's reconciliation and communion with God. The Church of Rome maintains that not only for the settirig forth of this truth, but for any saving use really to be made of it, we must have recourse to our fellow men. For this reconciliation to be truly made orir own, and for this communion fully to be realised, other— and- those human— agencies are . abso lutely necessary. .In a word, with us the blessed truth is firs''' solemrly arid authoritatively declared. The believing and repentant sinner is then not only permitted but invited himself to grasp the hands of Christ,, by which blessed hand alone lie can be led to the mercy-seat of God. With them, Christ's hand canriot be grasped — nay, and will not be grasped — until human agencies raise the trembling hand, and place it within the hand, of the Lord. A single instance will make my meaning plain, and set forth this distinction in' all its sharpness. It is the teaching of the Reformed Church, that through the atoning blood o£ Christ, man— if truly repenting and heartily believing— receives, directly and without any other agency what ever, pardon and absolution, " He," saith our form of absolution, "He, and He alone, par- doncth and absolveth all them that truly repent and unfeignedly believe Hi3 holy Gospel." But what saith the Church of Rome ? I will use the words and definitions of the distinguished modern writer to whom I have already referred — " these three acts," says this writer, "con trition, confession, and satisfaction, are the con ditions to priest.ly absolution." And then? is remission complete in all its consequences ? does the Holy Spirit, according to the teaching of the Church oE Rome, work as we in our form of absolution inferentiallv declare He does work, in the pardoned soul? Yes; but riot without a priviso — not unless this priestly abso lution has been actually (jiven— for these are the exact words o£ the writer — "This succession of acts," he says— that is, this contrition, con fession and satisfaction — united with the sacer dotal functions " (there stands the limitation and proviso, there yawns the broad chasm between us and Rome) — "this succession of act3, united with the sacerdotal function, is the organ of God's sanctifying grace." : In. plain. words, and-, by just and fair inference — Without the priestly absolution, no complete remission, no claim to all the benefits of the Passion, no assurance of God's sanctifying grace. : The ultimate and essential distinction is now; clearly before us. That on whiuh every sub ordinate distinction and doctrine in either Church will be found closely and logically to depend has at' length been reached. :Arid all that we have said may be roughly summed up in the answer to one question— What is the character of the access to God through Christ of the believing and repenting soul ? " Uncon ditioned" is the answer of the Church of England ; " conditioned, and dependent upon the completeness of the so-called sacrameut of penance," is the answer of the Church of Rome. And now, reader, to conclude, if these things bo so, if this bo the distinction, if this be the chasm that must ever separate us from the Church of Rome, is it not vitally . necessary for us, especially in these unsettled days, to realise these two things plainly and clearly ? — First, that between us and the Church of Rome there can be neither peace nor compromise, we have surveyed the gulf that separates us, and across that gulf no bridge ever can be thrown. We deny." not that in' that sundered land there may be many a pathway of holiness and salvation — to deny it were to avow a disbelief in a common and redeeming Lord —but we do, notwithstanding, maintain this as a vital and essential truth, that all attempts at union with such a Church, or with any Church that maintains the ultimate principle of con ditioned access, are far, far worse than fruitless ; all endeavours to find a common ground not only illusory but wrong. In the second and last place, let us not part without realising clearly and keenly the dangerous nature of that teaching of " sacra mental confession" which the bishop of the metropolitan diocese has very recently and very wisely condemned. The secret, and persuasive advocacy of this perilous teaching is, I am confident, the greatest danger with which the loyal members of the Church of England have now most energetically to contend. May God the Holy Ghost strengthen us and forewarn us, for that sacramental confession involves a danger to young and to sensitive souls which no words can overstate ! It involves the dreadful error of interposing some one to whom we may go between us and our only and redeeming go ?" Lord. ' ' Lord, dear Lord, to whom shall we Thou, and Thou only, hast the words of eternal life ; Thou only art our peace and our salvation ! Holloway's Pills. — Happy Existence. — How few there are who realise to its possible extent this desirable condition ! The head, stomach, and nerves are constantly becoming disordered and bringing corresponding discom forts Unless early measures be taken to reduce the unruly actions to ordor. Holloway's Pills accomplish this purpose most certainly and satisfactorily. Ample printed directions are folded round each box for the guidance of all seeking ease and health. Under the benign inlluence of these purifying Pills order and regularity reign throughouttheeutire system, aud every human function is wholesomely conducted. No mean advantage possessed by Holloway's gentle yet potent Pills is their incapability of doing any harm. They may be fearlessly ad ministered to the most delicate lady aud tender- ,est infant. 