original m^rcm rtm j;io"lij.o-.mr.Tl.-n ABAZAARi , ;r /Oil 5 Sill' -r'f * friend«f 1,<Jne Sigh n wheitin A&flaidelhtetyy; iniht ^ ^ Wj^ i i wereimtaediately set upon % sditie' f f^stnlliste,,'jfilitf^dfifcen ^ w Upretty giri8, or : lboked 80 ' bygasti » EoorNed toad veiy sobn begUiledoUt floirie; otHis cash. «He »*r6Ul \- first in the most resolute t mariner,! ; /would invariably; suecumbbeneiithtiheir I pbrtunity. »;• Eventually," whetihfc . oomirig:. impoverished,-"he''' fresort ignominioua flight whenever he ^Ughi • ;girl V eye'iixfcd on him ttsif t > -preying onlUinu r-§ walked tmtaquilly ?•„ the hall,.oalmlycriticising Sfrer^King ,Tfrould pull wpi. withBtidh «harmin£ ;; ness ^hen they swodpeddown on nlo' , I hadsail the4ippe<t»tUse df dnly Wai -it yieldppithe corite«tS :i 6f 1 my parse to .Heitent, and'fnU a wiUiiVg victimto .•r'jblandisbments mid mc-naCs. Whentble • set on -me, I "pat<fn® htfnd ; negl mypopketjnndlightly catered my»rhi 5 keratnth theotliejs. '--A pretty out. a set of sleeve-links' and ; studs rprettylittle white hand, *aid j "Oh'pl o: do. :buy. these ; they tot* 1 only 17 Smilingaffably, Isaid in a low; soft withathrill of intensefeeling init, .. without ihesleeve-links,I'd-joyfully i! much 'more'"than 17s 6d forit." She fauglifid^ : iand vsaid, "'Oht ».„• ididn 4 t nieanthut, but'pUiattebuy U >-1,<thinfc thEjtarfe'i Ch&p;"™P'-l j imoumfullyi «I'lniiifhtttat^dVinth 'th • < you catf t imhgine Ifc* ,: those things ; when Iwas at theo , .of : thehall,Sand looking this way I immediately, andi'l Said 1 t6 myself,' ^ <• ril bc good, and' go and purch young lady's things ; but those sw nymphs downthenewouldn't let mc come Ipositively couldn't tear myself away, now," I said tremulously,—" nowit's 1slate, for I'm on thevergeoffinancinl r and utterly destitute." She said, " Oh rio . you're not; you'retelling st I turned mournfully to Ned, and With shed tearsin my voice, Said, " Ned, word is doubted j lend me tenshilli andI'll sho#thif?m. %hat * bushman do ; HIcheerfullysj>end the lastsh you've got, Ned»'at: this,stall." Ned pressed himself to theeffect- that ruin desolation ilteadyreigned'!ti the depths his pbekete. Raising my fiat, and bowin withttie grace a Chesterfield, Istro on.. Each time I was-set on,-1 expres such aplirensied desire to buy theart and became so voluble that they coul get in a word at all; but I got too over- weaning confidence and quite arrogan and so of course Ifell. A coquettishl . sorceresscalled me, " My dear." I S sweetly, and said I would have abottl scent.* With greatalacrity 6he procure bottle of what shecalled lavender wa not stopping here, I must needs fill t brim my measure of humiliation ; so gave sixshillings for a pair of gloves. glovessplit all to picces when Itrie on afterwards. The next day a dark giving crossed my mind about 'that sc so I openedit. Even as I expected w«s as perfumcless, watery, andinsipi the character of the Tendor. I how aloud with rage; hearing the strange noise, the chambermaid came to the o door, and seeing me prancing up and d she said, " goodness, gracious, what' matter." "Matter," I shrieked; "do \- youcall it matter ; I call it an •' swindle ;it's a black-hearted sham such things should be ; I'm a simple, fiding stranger, come down from moral, arcadianlife ; I go to a knowing it to be for a religious objec ' : peasant hWrt expands, and amongst things I buy a bottle of what an aban baggagecalled lavender water ; I paid faithless thing in white gloves ash forit,atid came away full of trustf ' ; pHcity,'iu the consciousness of havi a meritorious action ; .how is my cons r. abused, and my trust betrayed ? byre water ; I open that vial and find th tents pure, unadultered reservoir wate '•yrhatia hollow mockeiy,callirigit l water ; whpt'lo»tihsome depravity, charg ; me Shilling forit." Jenny, the ma ' !f( sai3, M enough to bust you." 1 Half hourlatSr, When I went down, the th . ifourjgirlsi Waitresses,tittered audibly \- I jbassed. TOM NORTHE. A. person being asked what a ghost ' him,yrhich hc pretendedto have seen, —"how should I know what he «aid? not skUledin the dead languages." 