THE GHOST. OF HRENANTHE PUGILIST. An American paper says " The ghost of the once famed pugilist, J. C. Heenan,' was mate rialised in Rochester, New York, a few. 6aTenings since. Rochester is famous as the place where ine r ox- sisters startlen the world With ghostly sights and sounds. 1 The echoes of the raps heard in a mysterious cellar in the city of -Ro chester nearly /thirty years ago have' , been echoing .round the Avorld ever since that time and are still marching on. Of course ghostly a'isitois in Rochester are more demonstrative than they are in- almost any other place. The I, raps, are louder, more demonstrative, and as the head-quarters of the great army of spirits are located there, the materialisation must, of course; be . well developed. When Heenan Appeared,' therefore, on the night in question, he -was a muscular 'and frisky ghost. His form Avas stalwart as it was in life. - He stood erect-, -Avith his Lead thrown slightly backward and chest- expanded ; , his irms. appeared large, and his- muscles stood out liko whipcords. There was a bright, light in' the ghostly eye, and/as he bounded on the platform his step was /is firm and agile that of a. panther; Everything in' the appearance and make-up. of the- materialised spirit of Heerian gave proof of a 'good training in the spirit world. He has, of course, some of the best: trainers there, and thev no doubt took special delight in sending the great ohan\pion upon earth in proper- condition. Such duffers as Tom Grib Tom Savers, Bendigo/Bill Pool and Tom Hyer would not, under any circum stances, allow the Benicia boy to appear before a Rochester, audience unworthy of -his earl3fame and training. The Rochester people Avere there fore delighted. - They could read « May' the best man win ' all over Yhe materialised form.1 If the. astonishment of the audience was great Avhen Heenan bounded upon the platform and- exhibited his manly form, the wonderment Avas still greater when he essa3'ed to speak. -The voice.-of a ghost has'a peculiar effect upon the. hman nerves, so when Heennn's spirit opened its mouth, a . thrill of intense anxiety ran through the i.audience, ' Ef there's anybody as doesn't- belie-a'e,' said Mr. Heenan, Avith great impressi ve- ness, .casually balancing himself in front ' of a partition, and striking it a terrible; blow; 'let him stand up./ Ef there's" anyone that is in clined to question Ibis performance/let him come forward. Fm waiting for him. I -Avant to con - vipoe him. 1 thinjc Ave are believers,' said Mr. Heenan, smiling sweetly, ' but there is one more best. I Avant somebody- to -grab me. Oh! I siibuld like to haA'e' somebod to grab me ! Just make the least motion to grab, me ! '; ahd'- Mr. Heenan extended his hand, slightly: bebcing- ' the khuckles of the inflexible fingers of the sanie/ and pawed the air with ftnxiet3'. ;A d eep sil ehce settled:. down;..on /those /present; :and : nobody; seemed to: Avant a .further test; In - a few rno- ments the gbost of Heenan vanished, and a eigh' of relief passed through thecrowd, which se'enjed: like the rustling of leaves, in the inoonlight 'o' an autumn evening." a / Some excitement hhsLeeu caused tat Rdckhainp;' ton by Davies and part', at Mount "Wheeler,' La\;ing washed twelve ounces of, gold to the, dish froin three idishes of stuff obtained from a jtnul- locky: leader/near the spot where a largemnggct Avas found by the l»oy Cadden ten' years ago, 1 