The Sydney Morning Herald SATURDAY, MARCH 23, 1878. IN the Legislative Assembly yesterday, I Ministers answered sovernl questions, ami lion, members presented several petitions. It ivas ordered that tivetity-tivo petitions, presented on a previous day, be piiûted. Ou the motion of Mr. DANGAR the House ordered the production of papers respecting résolves between Moree and Narrabri. ' Tlie Gloucester-street Alteration Legalising Bill ivas xoad the third time and pnssed. On the order of the day for the resumption of the adjourned debate on the motion of Mr. Greenwood, respecting primary education, being called, discussion arose as to whether the order of the day should be postponed for a week, or be discharged from the paper. It was finally arranged that the debate should proceed, and it was resumed by Mr. ROSEBY, who referred to the agitation which lind existed in the country in reference to education ; and while he admitted that the Publie Scliools Act had done much good, lie insisted that more should bo attempted-thnt following the example of England, America, and otber civilised nations, something should be done to compel the education of the largo numbers of children wbo were now suffered to grow up in iguoiance. Ignorance was the parent of crimo and unthrif t, and the State ought, therefore, to compel school attendance. The Denominational schools of Sydney were tfoing a good work, but Ihe small com petJiHj schools of the country were wasteful and inetEeicnt. TJhe State paid two-thirds of the cost of education, and it would be a public advantage that it should pay the whole. Mr. JUAótoEiu'oiiD considered that education dinvn ished crime but did not prevent it. Ile disapproved of free education, thinkiug that tho provision made in the Act on that point iva3 sufficient. The State pro- mised free education for those who had no means, and £020,000 for the general education of the people, mid yet there were immense numbers of children groiving up without education. Compulsion was therefore required to ensure a greater degree of usefulness of the funds of the State. Ho opposed the indirect com- pulsion advocated by Mr. Stuart as a means of degrading children and robbing the country of their labour. There must he something radically wrong in our svsteni which excluded the children of the poor and educated those of the rich. Ho was not in favour of secular education. Dr. BOWKER admitted that compulsory education was an infringement upon the rights of the subject ; but in a democratic community it was essential to the safety of the State that the voters should not remain in ignorante, and for that reason he sbould rote for_ compulsion. He took great exception to the" abolition of fees, and ivoultl not vote to pauperise those who were able and avilling to pay for education. We could not teach, religion unless we taught sectarianism, arid the advocates of secular education were logically shut up to the exclusion of all religious teaching-teaching which he maintained was necessary for making children good citizens. Mr. "WEIIB said it was admitted on all hands that some chango was necessary, but he thought the reso- lutions were too sweeping. The amendment might be productive of much good. The State support of Denominational schools was State-aid to religion. If sectarian schools were as essential as the hon. member for Newcastle and the Minister of Justice contended, why did not these gentle- men propose an amendment of the law which would require the children attending public schools (two'thirds of the whole) to receive some modicum of Denominational teaching. Denominational schools were inconsistent with economy and efficiency of education : and something was required ' to compel children now growing up in ignorance to attend school Captain ONSLOW argued that no information or good result could arise from the appointment of a Select Committee, and supposed that Sir Henry Parkes's object in proposing it was to get tho question of education again into his own hands to play with it for political purposes. Mr. BOWMAN did not object to free oduçation, but he avas opposed to compulsory education, and re- garded the attempt to do away with Denominational schools as an unwarrantable interference with vested rights. . j The amendment and the motion were negatived without division. . . Mr. J. DAVIES moved the second reading of the Sunday Sale of Liquors Licensing Prevention Bill. He referred to the prevalence of drunkenness ;n Sydney and throughout the colony, and to the. evils resulting from this Vice. The bill would prevent tho sole of liquors on Sunday to all but bona-fide traveller., and would take the power of granting and transferring licenses out of the hands of the Magistrates and vest them in a licensing Board. There were about SOO public-houses in and around Sydney, and about 3000 in the colony altogether. After the passing of this Act no more license?! would be granted for three years, and one of the provisions of the bill would giio to the superior officers of police the light to enter public houses at any time. He quoted from the report of the ¿ispector General of Police in confirmation of his view that there was great need to reform the licensing system; and contended that the refoim he proposed was in~the interest of the working- classes and of the publicans themselves. Mr. DKIVEU said that the first clause of the bill was the law now ; but the description of " bonn-fide travellers" contained in the second clause made the law tyrannical, nis chief objection was to the clause which opened a licensed house to the invasion of officers of police at any hour, day or night. He objected to the proposed constitution of the Board, as giving undue power to the Justices of the Pence who were teetotalers. He admitted that licenses were often granted to persons of bad character, and he there- fore regretted that a reasonable proposal for reform had not been made. The clause refusing licenses for three vears was protection of the worBt character, no moved that the bill be referred I to a select committeo for consideration and report, Mr. RosEnY enlarged upon the evils of intempér- ance, and condemned the facility ii ita which licenses were gi anted to persons of the woist possible chai.i'ctcr, and to houses altogether unsuited for the purpose. i ' Sir. CAHBRON suid' that the proliibitiou against Sunday selling ivns in force in Victoria and ¡scotland, and vet thero M tis fur moro drinking in those com- munities thn.i in Sydney. No measure of this kind .would be effective that was not enforced by the moral sense of the community ; but ns far as Now South Wales was concerned there was no more temperate community under the sun, nn.l he re- pudiated the ussumption that the working classes weio moi e amenable to the charge of excessive drinking than those who could alford to have dunk at their clubs and in their houses all tho year round. He gave full ciedit to the advocates of teetotalism, but would bo no party to dying to force their lieivs upon the public by law, Mr. ECKFORD orgueil that the evils complained of arose from tile granting of licenses to improper persons. Mr. CHARLES argued that the effect of too stiingent îestiietions was to increase drinking, ami contended, fiom his observation of other countries, that there was less drunkenness in this colony than elsewhere. Mr. COONAN' odraittcd there was a necessity for reform, but he could not consent to such tyrannical provisions as those contained in this bill. Mr. J. DAVIES accepted the amendment, and it was agreed to. - The amendments made by the Legislative Council in the Metropolitan Police Act Extension Bill were agreed to. ' Tho Partition Bill was passed through committee without amendment, and the report was adopted. After some remarks from Sir JOHN ROIIIIRTSON in vindication of his action in framing the regulations respecting the Volunteer land orders, The Volunteer Grants Repeal Bill was read the third time and pnsscd. The House adjourned at twenty-one minutes before 11 o'clock, until 4 o'clock on Tuesday. THE good people of Mudgee are rewarded for the enthusiastic way in which, they elected Sir JOHN ROBERTSON, by his having submitted a motion in favour of their railway, and we trust that both parties feel as satisfied with each, other as ever. "When Sir JOHN was in power he acquiesced in a similar motion made by the then member for the district, and therefore is entirely consistent in press- ing a similar motion himself. At the same time the precedent is a bad one. Now that we have entered upon the epoch of constructing secondary lines of rail- way there is no objection to districts bringing their claims under the notice of' the Govern- ment. But for individual members to take the initiative in motions that will involve the expenditure of millions of money is contrary to tho spirit of our parliamentary system. Its tendency is to take the government out of the hands of those responsible for government, and it directly encourages a system of log- rolling under which works are carried out, not as they are deemed best in the interests of the whole community, but as they are made possible by corrupt combinations among members., We have already before the public several projects due to the private initiative of dif- ferent districts, and which we may expect to see pressed if any one particular scheme promises to be fortunate. There is the railway to Mudgee, the railway from Orange to Forbes, the line to Berrima, the line from Goulburn to Cooma, the line to Jervis Bay, the line, to Gundagai, and the line from Clarence to Tenterfield. We may have a scramble among these various claimants for parliamentary favour, or we may have a combination among their supporters in virtue of which all should vote for all. But if we are to have a national railway system we ought to have a national railway policy, and lines ought to be constructed not in the order of the political influence arrayed in their supp*rt, but in the order of their national importance. Had this principle been carried out from tho first, we should have made the trunk line to the south-west to begin with. Wo should have had then a line that would have been remunerativo fiom the date of its completion, aud we should not now have been slowly recovering the traffic of our south-western interior. Wo should have gained rather than lost in time by con- centrating all our íesources on one thing at a time, and should probably have been further advanced than we aro at the present time ; while the financial result wquld havo been more satisfactory. As it ig, wo allowed our neighbours to the south to reach the border sooner than wo did. They had a much shorter and easier line to make ; but, by con- centrating our effoits on one line at a time we might have had our railway communication with Albury years ago, As it is, we have still three yeais to wait for that consum- mation. So, too, in the north, our neigh- bours in Queensland have taken steps to push their line to the frontier, while we have not yet completed our line to Tamworth, and have not decided iu which direction wo shall go beyond that point. The Government has promised to submit a complete and comprehensive railway policy next session, and in tho present state of affairs this is a duty which it is bound to perform, and from which it ought not to be allowed to escape. It is the part of tho Government to keep fairly abreast of the growing necessities of the ago, and if it neglects its duties private membeia will snatch at its functions. It is especially important too at I this stage of our railway policy, that Govern- ment should study and presont their policy as a whole. Until lately, the national under- takings were confined to the three trunk lines, and tho only question wo had to decido was how fast we should go on, and how much fresh debt the country could comfortably bear. Now tho case is diffeient, and we have to study not how much moro trunk line we will havo, but how many branch lines. The general route of the three trunk lines was naturally determined, and beyond insisting that all three should proceed at an equal rate, there was not much scope for the display of localism. But to dotermine between half-a-dozen local lines, or to determine in favour o£ all or against any, is quite a different problem. And now that wo have a Commissioner for Rail- ways specially dovotod to tho study and man- agement of this part of our national property, we may hope to see the question considered and reported on from the' point of view of the national interests irrespective of party pre- judice. The whole question has its financiabas well as its political side, and there is some danger that in tho political scramble finance should be forgotten. It is, however, the business of the TitEASuitEB to keep Parliament well posted up both as to known results, and as to probablo expectations. Of late, our railway finance has been very encouraging, and the rato of profit has so grown with increasing extension as to justify further progress. Tho accounts, it is true, aro not explicit as to the extent to which the working expenses bear all costs of renewal in permanent way and rolling stock ; but even makinc allowance for that, we have clearly a better financial ïesnlfc now tlianwi ever had before. But all experience ¡joes ti show that on secondary mid branch line there ia not the same traffic or nrohV thnt there is on trunk lines. It does ne/ follow from this that such lines should not h, made, but neither does it follow that suet linea should bo worked on tho same tariff ¡¡/ the main lines. When the estiinato for tht Mudgee litie was first worked out by Mt WHITTON, that oilicer showed that though tlii then traille would not at then ratea pay i( would pay at somewhat higher rates, which would still bo far below the road rates. \ principle was hero indicated which, if steadily adhered to, might justify several secondary railways which otherwise could not bo fairly sanctioned, and in ita application we might rind tho compromise between local requiic. menta and tho protection o£ the publ« finance. THE last Government, shortly before its retire, mont, had under consideration the establish- ment of an " Inquiry Olfico " in the Land' Department with the view of facilitating the dispatch of business within the department itself, and of satisfying moro promptly than is possible under present arrangements the demands of persons doing business with the department, for information. "When tho chango of Ministry came, the project was treated by the incoming Government with something approaching to con- tempt. In February last, the House by I resolution expressed its opinion that arrange- ments should be made in tho administration of tho Lands Department for the moro speedy dispatch of business, and to prevent the enormous wasto of time in interviews with the Minister and tho officers of the depart- ment. The establishment of tho piopo3ed inquiry oflico would havo been a f,tep in that direction. It would bo interest ing to know whether the Ministry, after pooh-poohing that project, has taken other measures to accomplish the same pur- pose in a moro effective manner. ' In a recent debate, it was stated by men who should know as much about the workin" of the Lands Department as anybody in the country, that its inner rooms were overrun by tho public ; that tho public were allowed to overhaul original documents; that these had been known to disappear rays, toriously at important junctures. In papers recently laid beforo Parliament, it is stated by. the officials that "the hours during which tho department is ordered to he closed to tho public have ceased to be re- garded ;" that heads of departments are " subjected to interruption at any time," and that business is hindered " by tho constant interviews during the whole day ;" and that the regulation for excluding the publie during certain hours " has long become a dead letter.'1 It is obvious that work cannot pioceed with regularity and speed under such conditions, and that, while the cases of persons interested in these personal inquiries may possibly be pushed on a little the faster, the mass of the business, and the interests of persons at a distance who cannot personally or by agents dance attendance at the department, must in a conesponding degree be pushed out of the way and suftcr. But the delay borne by the public, and the hindrance within the department, aro not the worst of the evils hero broughf under notice. What security Í3 theie against fraud ivhou the public can have access to original documents of special value ? It is an injustice to parties interested, au injustloo to officers of the department, an injustice to Ministers them- selves, to permit such a state of things as this. Whilst it exists, who can be responsible for the safety of papers, and who can he above suspicion if they are lost or tampered with ? Tho. establishment of an Inquiry Offica would justify the exclusion .of the publia from direct communication with the heath of the department and its various branches, It is generally admitted that undei the existing order of things information can be much more readily obtained by the employment of a competent land agent than by direct inquiry on the part of tis uninitiated. The agent knows what to ask and where to ask it, he knows whereabout: the information is to be found at any parti' culor stage of a transaction, and he does not waste h is own time or that of others in un- necessary beatings about the bush, because he is aware where the game lies. On the same principle, the officers of an inquiry depart- ment would soon acquire, if . they did not when first appointed possega, so accurate and general a knowledge of tlio ramifications of land business, that they would scent out and run down the facts in any case submitted to them with special facility.- Their duties would be heavy, no doubt, if they had to do a great part of the work which the army of land agents, Pro- fessional and non-professional, is now i employed to perform. But they would bi ablo to arrange moro methodically for its ' performance ; as .officers of tho department they could be ' entrusted with greater faci- lities of search, and they could conduct their searches with a minimum of interruption to tho -work of other officers, and to the genera1 progress of business. The scheme, as suggested by Mr. LLVDSAÎ THOMPSON, the head of the Miscellaneous Branch, proposed that tho business of the Inquiry Office should bo conducted by a "superintendent," who would exercise a supervision of all the branches of. the department immediately under the control of the Under- Secretory, enforce punctual attendance, take cognizance « applications for loave of absence, take measures to prevent accumulation of arreara of work, have the regulation of minor arrange- ments requisite for the good government«» the department, and in special mattera be a reference for the Minister and the under- secretary. It is difficult for outsiders to judge accurately upon matters of detail connected with the internal working of such an estab- lishment as the Lands Office; but effectif« superintendence would seem in any case to bo a necessary thing. It is »»** in a minute by Mr. BAKER tua the staff at head-quarters consists o more than one hundred clerks, and tnai the office of chief clerk, which existed wm» there was a far smaller number ^m"n« supervision, has been abolished. There a been no small amount of conflict in tho reprt sentations made by different merni»« « Parliament at - différent times as w* general management of the Lands Uepan ment. It is hard to imagine, after what has been said, that unbroken order _ « always reigned supreme; nor » aecessarv to suppose that there has H» díaos. But ono thing i« clear. There outrht to ho activo and offloiont general supervisa ; and if there bo any deficiency in that respect it hhould bo made good promptly. Hi« ateo conceivable that advantasco might bo gained bv connecting tho general supervision with the'control of an Inquiry Office. The inquiries might in such a case be pressed for- ward with the greater speed ; much know- ledge would be gathered up in the work of general _uporyi3^ori ; and tho inquiries mado on behalf of the public into all sorts oL transac- tions in the various btanchcs of tho depart- ment would give a great deal of meaning and tcality to the general supervision. DISTRICT COURT.-Monday, Maich 25.-Price v. atone, Viles v. Ilildei, Cliff et ux v. Hogan, Pritchard v. Oliie, White v. Holroyd, Paul v. Lock Mood, Paul v. Lockwoo'd, Edwards v. Peteisen. Tim 31ST CLAUSE or TUB LAX.S ACT AMKN-MIENT "cr.-This clause, the meaning of which has been so much canvassed and discussed, had the " legal con- struction" given to it yostciday by the Supreme t'ouït in the case of Robertson and others v. Hay. Their Ilonoii were not unanimous. The Chief Justice uns of opinion very stronjdy that "5 miles squnie" In tiioproiiso lo the section meant ß square milos, or nu aic.i of 1G.000 acres. Mr. Justice Hargrave and Mr. Justice Faueott, on the contrary, held that the «ord« weie clear and unambiguous, and meant a square block of land 5 miles each way. L-OAL.-Wo have been requested to state, for public information, that the Curdtor of Intestate ütates does not îcçeivo for his personal use any fees or any poi lion whatever of the live per cent, com niis;ion charged in intestate estates. Every agent in the colony is allowed by law three per cent, for his services, and the balance*(two per cent.) and all fees are paid into the Treasury to the eicdit of the Consolidated JJevcnue. THE RATÍAVAY ACCIDENT NEIR PENRITH.-Wo have received the following additional contribution in aid of the wiles and children left destitute in consequence of the recent railway accident ti-A Friend, £1. THE -TOUT« SIIOIIE STEAM FERRY COMPANY.-A :rowded meeting of the shareholders in this Company took place last night at tho School of Arts, St. Leonards, for the purpose of considering the articles jf association and for electing directors and auditors, lhellon. J. P. li urns was called to the chair. A long and stormy discussion ensued, but eventually the j «tides, nith one exception, weie ndopted almost una nimoublv ; the alteration made was in regard to the illaro capital, which was raisedfiom £15,000 to £20,000. A. proposal to reduce the number of directors from hie to three was negatived. The following scruti- neers were then elected : Messrs. Langley, Kirschner, rd Fogg. The balloting for directors "and auditors rmimenced at about 10 o'clock, but much timo was to ted in deciding upon what plan should be adopted In regard to the voting pipers. In consequence of Iii; late hour many proposals were made which had lue . effect of still fuither retarding business, it was generally understood, however, that,' as it sppeired impossible for all the shareholders to voto or [or the scrutineers to get through their woik last light, the bullot should be kept open at the office of 'he company in Bridge- street from 10 to 12 o'clock :liis day. The following gentlemen were candidates ¡or the office of directort-nMesszs... A... Arm- strong, J. J. Slade, B. Jenkins, P. A. Frank- lin, It. P. Abbott, I. E. Ives, J. Biemner, W. II. Mackenzie, W. C. Goddard,- -Ii.- Colls, J. G. Ganan, W. Bullard, W. If. Tulloh j for auditor: Messrs.' E. G. Savers, R. A. . Cape;-W.-H.-Bogie, W. J. M'Leotl, J. P. Urindloy, and P. Sheiidan. The results of the ballot will probably be known this after- noon. A slight accident occurred last night ,to the ferry boat Nellie, the first neiv steamer 'on tile line. Shortly after leaving Lavender Bay at 11 o'clock, the strap of the eccentric broke, .vthich necessitated a itoppage. The boat drifted towards Daweä Point, Mid it was expected that the one leaving Wilson's Point would go to her assistance. . However,- as . this did not occur, an expedient ivas adopted by the engineer which enabled the -Nellie to reach the Circular Quay in not moie than ten minutes beyond her usual lime. ' ' Siiii'm-o or THE WEEK.-The arrivals fiom, and departure* to, foreign ports, during the last week M as as follows:-H.Sr.S. Sappho, from Ilobnrt Town; Onward, barque, from a whaling cruise; It.JJ.S.S. Australia, from San Francisco ; HiraniEmeiy, barque, - from Boston ; Northam, ship, fiom London ; Dictator, ship, from Malden Inland; Mary Mildred, bat que, from Noumea; Hopeful, schooner, from Manila; Albeit Russell, barque, from Now York. Tho de- , paitas for foreign Sports were-Matauta, schooner, for Manila ; Alçnburg, schooner, for San Trancisco ; Wentworth, steamer, for Fiji; Herald of the Morning, ship, for Tahiti. The intercolonial passenger traffic i\as as follows : Arrivals from Brisbane, 80 ; depar- tures to Brisbane, 139 ; arrivals from Melbourne, 150; äepartures to Melbourne, ÖS0. ThB DEIU-HOCSE.-A juryman writes to complain ot the nant of disinfectants ,at the dead-house at Circular Quay. He mentions a case when a body emitted a most offensive effluvium on the jury going to tiew it, and thinks that tradesmen, compelled unfairly to attend j mies when merchants are exempt, ought at least not be put to the danger of carrying possible disease home to their families. AisitiAUAN" IMMIOUATION.-A correspondent ex- pressing regret that there should be any suspension of immigration to this colony, which he regards as a matter si mutual advantage to England ¡ind to the colony, ingests that the post- office masters and electric tele tnpti stations should be instructed to open register imnjemcnts of nil wants of labour in their adjacent districts on payment of a nominal fee, say of Is., and transmit the requisitions for labour to the central office at Sydney, as then immigrants would bo able at once lo go to such districts on nriival and thus facili- tate their settlement, to the geneial advantage of' the émigration business. ,Xhc bonds'of relationship exist ¡n;;between the United Iuiifiduin tind-the Australian rolpnics it is to be hoped will iifduco the sympathetic assistance of the colonists towards tho mother country at all times, who cannot but bo reciprocally strength tned by consideration of the relationship. " NonT Snoiip, ÎIBQATTA.-Judging from the gene- ral interest which has for sonic time ? past been mani- fested in the North Shore llcgatta, which takes pluee to-day, the affair can scarcely foil to prove other than »sucres«. îhc committee have laboured strenuously lo make this aquatic meeting an attractive onoto the public. Unfortunately .on account of tho case of sickness which recently occurred on board the City of Sydney, the committee have boen deprived, of the .mices of this fine vessel, ibut a three-masted schooner, the Royal Tar, is to do duty as Uagship. Arrangements have been made witli'the Noilh Shore reny Company to run their boats to and from the flaçship, from both the Sydney and North, Shore tides of the harbour, and every preparation has'been Weto ensure the convenience of visitors. In the pnndpal sailing i aces, the Mabel, Ionp, Australian, UlP'cy, and La Belle w11', compete for the «con. class yacht prize, and for tho iishing «at ia.ee are entered ' the Lizzie, .Carlotta, «onte, Ethel, mi Duke. jn "the pig race, lomhieh are entered only crews from the M. Tt.' C.', are-for the junior race, 'Lockerv, Byrnes, Murray, wckvpr (stroke) ; 1Î. Sayers, Mountèasllô, Fairfax. >nd \\\\. Sayers (stroke.! This crew also compotes for He senior gig race against Bolton, Mears, M'Kcnsev, «M Palmer (stroke). For senior shift's there are mtered M/Kensev, Curry, and Kelly ; and the other Wes me well ulled. Should the afternoon prove toe, there is no doubt that the regatta "wiU be a toccess. SAIE OP HIGH-CLASS HORSES.-M. Fennell}-reports r\wS fold, on account of Mr. Andrew Blown, wemen, seventeen head heavy draught horses of ¡Mnoted bar B brand, at priceä ranging from £31 to -»i being tlioMiighe=t price obtained for draught '"i58/1'Camperdown for some time. The prices realised should be an encouragement to breeders of wright class of horses. S3 if °F- EDI:iEt;no,t LOYAL OUANOE LODGE, KO. Ir^jv0 Cl8mtt anniversary of this lodge was eele TOiedhya prand soirée, which was held in the Udd g" Hall, Balmain, on the evenins of Thursday «. »a wo» attended by upwards of 350 persons. ¿Ti . comPany had partaken of tea, n musical T«ainment was well rendered by lady and gentle rZ ?v 3' Addresses peitinent to the occasion »7 ?,lï.CÏ!d hV u>e chairman, Alderman Kippax, w«.M.,R.M'Coy, F.W.G.M.,and \V. Hanson, O.S. Bunill ÍÎCAlïl'Tcs AS A DEODORISEU.-A corrc iCtJi ^Ulgin Warence- street states that, having touTi? Eucalyp'us tree in his back yard, he has ha c1«»"1* M * preveatativ0 of bad smells wis^S h»tu J,0110*--Ir» our telegram of yesterday respect «ffi* Agricultural Show, 'instead of rending \k>TZ"^P1,12,0 was awarded to Mr. Ainsworth for 2?S!md bmdcr<" i' skould have beent "A wlCo ?B^.Maw»"ledto Messrs. W. G. Ainsworth ÈSQ;,1" Wood's leaper and binder, exhibited bv DEATH OP AK OLD COLONIST OP FreTY-THEM YEARS' STANDINQ.-On the 13th instant, Mi. Thomas Dangar, formerly of Scone, Upper Hunter, breathed his last at his residence, Lavender Bay, St. Leonards, at the ripe age of 70 yeais. He was the last of the family of the name of which there were seven, and followed his elder brothers, Mr. Henry Dangar, of Neotsfield, Singleton, and Mr. W. Dangar, of Turonvillo, near Scone, out to Australia, landing in Sydney on the 13th March, 1S25 (and subsequently tho remaining members of the family caine, all a hardy and stalwart race). Ho was engaged in a mercantile house in Sydney for some years. In 1S34 he commenced business in West Maitland, and shortly afterwards settled at Scone, then known as Redbank or Invcrmciu, and of which place he was the pioneer in business. In conjunction with his storo at Scone he opened a branch at Muswellbrook. This he after- wards disposed of to Mr. Richard Carey Dangar, one of his younger brothers, About 18G0 he gave up his business, and left Scone for Sydney. Few residents of the Hunter River district possessed a more intimate knowledge of the trado of the northern part of the colony than Mr. Dangar. To those who were accustomed to travel up tho country _ in the " olden time'' he was ever kind, especially to new comers. From him thev could always obtain information of a most reliable k*indof the whereabouts of persons engaged, for hunireds of miles round, in pastoral and other pursuits. Notwithstanding the attention required iu a large country business, ho never forgot his duties as a colonist in endeavours to better the condition of his order ; and to the public weal he gave a good deal of time. When Mr. (now Sir John) Robertson took up his abode at Yarrandi, mid in his earlv battles for progressive reform, Mr. , Dangar was not behindhand in affording valuable assistance to the Liberal cause in conjunction with Mr. Robertson ; and when the latter resigned Ids scat for the Upper Hunter, and wos ap- pointed to the Legislative Council to push the Land Bill through, Mr. Dangar was chosen to fill the vacancy, and represented that electorate till the general election in December, 18GJ, when he was succeeded by Mr. James White, of Edinglassie. Since thon he ceased to trouble about public matters, and has lived quietly near Sydney. The Dangar family came from St. Neot, in Cornwall, where Mr. T. Dangar was bom on the 13th March, 1808 (strange coincidence-same day and month ol birth, arrival m the colony, and death). He was married three times, and leaves a widow. His only son by the first mnrriage ' is Mr. Thomas G. Dangar, the popular member for the G-.vydr. The remains of the deceased gentleman were taken to Scone, followed by a large number of mourners, and deposited in the family vault, with those of his late brother, Mr. John Dangar, and other rela- tives. LEGAL.-Mr. John Shepherd has been appointed, by his Honor the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of New Zealand, a Commissioner of the Supremo Court of that colony for taking affidavits, and also for administering acknowledgements of married women. PASSENGER TRAITIC.-A correspondent suggests, now- that the 'bus fares have been increased, the Government should run a train as far as Petersham and back every quarter of an hour in the day ; and contends that the traffic would be sufficient to pay the cost: ST. ANDREW'S CATHEDRAL.-Order of Musical Service for Third bundav in Lent, Ma!rch 21 : Magnificat, King, in F ; Nunc Diraittis, lung, in F ; Antnem, " My God, my God, look upon me," Rey- nolds. . COOK'S RIVER DAM-A deputation, consisting of Mr. J. Lucas, M.L.A., Messrs. R Hill, Bowner (Mayor of West Botany), Collins, Macauley, anti M'Innes, -waited on the Hon. Minister for Works, at hiá office, yesterday, fpr the pulposo of impressing upon the Government the necessity for erecting a fence along the Cook's River dam. It was pointed out that there lind been several accidents at this tpot, and both loss of life and destruction of property had occurred through the want of a fence along the dam. There was great danger, especially to children and females, in the event of being met by cattle while crossing the dam, as there were no means of getting out of tlie way of being charged by these animals. No later than tivo days ago a market Hardener and his i wife, while crossing the dam in theil-cart, were upset into the water, nsrrowly escaping with their lives. It was pointed out by «he deputation that the erection of a1 strong and substantial leuce, so as to fence off a footpath, -would have the effect of at once providing shelter to foot passengers from cattle, and also of saving vehicles from getting oier the edge of the dam into the water. jMr. Sutherland, .in reply to the representations of the deputation, told them that he had at present no money under his con- trol for such a purpose as this. When the sura of £4000 was granted some years ago for the improve- ment of the dam, he thought' the local Councils would have done all else that was necessary for the protection of life and property. However, there was the more necessity now for this to be done, as the road was now a main road. Ho would see what the cost would be, and put a sum of money on the Estimates for it. With reference to a culvert on the other side of the dam, Mr. Bennett, who was called in by the Minister, informed the de- putation that tenders had been invited, but those sent in were too high. The work would there- fore be undertaken by the department immediately. THE GERMAN- EMPEROR'S BIRTHDAY. - The usual festival in honour of the birthday of the Emperor of Germany took place last night, at the Protestant Hall, under the 'auspices of the German Club. There was a large attendance, including the Consuls for Germany, Switzerland, and Austria. The hall was tastefully decorated, with flags, and a temporary stage was erected on the platform, surmounted by a portrait of the Emperor and by the German and Australian flags. At the back of the stage was another portrait of Kaiser Wilhelm, and also likenesses of the Crown Prince, and .Prince Bismarck. The programme commenced with sections from the opera of " Lucrezia,'' performed by the German band. The Liedertafel then sang one of their part songs ; and a prologue, in honour of elie 81st birthday of the Emperor, was delivered by Herr It. Kipper, at the conclusion of which an enthusiastic "Hoch!" was given by the assembled audience. The Liedertafel bang the Nation.il Hyinn, and thus inaugurated the evening. The dramatic entertainments consisted of a comedietta in one act by Rod. Bencdix, entitled " Eigensinn " (obstinacy), and a Berlin local sketch by Beckmann " Nanto." The first was a most amusing affair, and it was capitally rendered by lady and gentlemen amateurs. The second was a remark- able feat of niomory on the part of the gentleman who appeared as Nanto ; his droll manner and matter gave great pleasure. It is scarcely necessary to add that all the performers were recalled, and most heartily applauded. Between the pieces the Liedertafel gave another of their part.songs. This concluded the pro- gramme, the chairs were removed, and.dancing com- menced to < the ' music ? o"f the band. Refreshments were supplied during the evening by the committee of the'club. Altogether the o.ccasioñ wa? thoroughly enjoyable and successful. TUE AMCSEMEÎÎTS.-Changeä.of performance take place at all the! theaties this' evening. Mr. Darrell pro- duces another original - play, which he terms "A Struggle for Liberty." It is described a3 historical and spectacular, and the resources of the theatre, and the strength of the company ought to ensure its success- if ul representation. At the Victoria " Henry VIII." is to bo produced, with Mr. Creswick in the grand character of Cardinal "VVolsey, Mr. Bartlett as the King, and Miss Bowring as the Queen. More than ordinary paina have been taken willi the rehearsals, anti a very fine'periormanco may be anticipated. The i Kelly and Leon Company terminated their season ' at ' the Queen s lrfst evening, where they have enjoyed a deserved popularity. In their special* line of ¡business they have been certainly the cleverest we have had here for some time. Mrs. Scott- Siddons takes the theatre for a shoit season, and opens to-night withH- J. Byron's noted coçledy of "Our Boys," which has had such an extraordinary run in England. She herself takes the character of Mary Melrose and Mr. "William Andrews that of "Perkyn Middlewick. The New Zealand press spoke very highly of the por formance during Mrs. Scott-Siddons' tour through the _ provinces. The Marionette company give a matinée this afternoon, when thev repeat the charm- ing little pantomime of the " Babes in the Wood," which acted in miniature is a much better illustration of the familiar nursery tale than when performed in the usual way. Mr. D'Arcy Read has not been patronized quite is much as he deseivcs with bia Ghost scenes which, apart from the dramatic effect given to them by some very good acting by the com- pany, are exceedingly cleverly managed, from a mechanical point of view. We understand that his Excellency the Governor, and the lion. Lady Robinson, have expressed their in- tention of honouring the entertainment with their presence on Monday. Though it is perhaps haidly allowable to include the Rev, Charle3 Clark under the head of amusements, it may be remarked that he has taken the Masonic Hall for the purpose of giving a series of his interesting lectures, and he opens on Monday evening with one on "Westminster Abbey," which has been most favourably noticed by the New Zealand Press, and which is quite new to a Sydney audience» 