A SCHEMING MAIDEN. IK Clinton, Illinois, there wu a lovely maiden, say of thirty-five, who fell desperately in love with a rich young man, and to prove the disinterested rapture she felt for him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she hinted, as only a lady of thirty-five, anxious to marry, can, that he was the very finest man she ever came across, and could make any woman happy by the simple means of a preacher and a h cense. But the rich young man didn't see it ; he didn't nibble, and, m fact, he stayed away from there in a most unproposing manner. But it was an enterprising maiden, and so she went through some five hundred novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man with a matrimonial lasso, for, as the couple in a novel always marry, it is safo to conclude that the courting must be good which results always in success. Well, at last the fair reader came to the " Romance of a Poor Young Man," wherein the point is that the P. Y. M., being locked in a moonlit tower with a lady, jumps off the tower at the risk of his life, sooner than stay up there and thus compromise the lady. " I have it," said the fair reader, closing the book and going to the sexton of a lonely Methodist Church which stood some miles in the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she managed to wheedle him out of the key_ to the steeple, which was high, had a "P'ral stairway inside, and only one window. Then the rich, but cool, young man and the designing lady, were seen one afternoon riding along that road, and, stopping at the lonely church, to go np in the steeple and view a fine article of sunset. The couple olimbed the stairs and stood at the single window admiring the lovely scene until the BUD went down behind the west, and the twilight crept o'er moorland and lee- see any novelor poem for minute description. Then the rich young man began to get skittish and wish be waa at home, so he imparted a gentle hint to his companion that they had better go, Ac. Now, the lady had looked the door of the steeple, assuring the young man that it was the sexton's imperative command. Down the steep, narrow stairs they came, and at the bottom the lady felt for tho key in her pocket, but no key was there. ' ' Gracious me," says she, in a most histrionic mumer, " if I haven t gone and dropped the key out of the window. It's fifty feet to the ground. What will become us ? To stay in this steeple all night with a man and show myself afterword uumarried would kill me," &c.;, and she fell on the young man's breast in a paroxysm of weeping. That young man was cool and business-like. He waited until she turned off the water, then kindly seated her on the lowest step and started upstairs. " Heavens. Joseph ; dear Joe, you ain't going to jump!" " Not if I know it ; you just wait." Presently he returned with a bright smile ? on his face and the bell rope under ms arm: gently, bnt firmly, he took that tbirty-five year-old young maiden upstairs to the window and, in spite of her entreaties and cries, tied the rope about her waist and lowered away. The conventional ploughman, homeward plodding his weary way, saw, as the moon rose, a parti-coloured ghost descending the face of the church-steeple, and he began to plot faster, at the Bame time whistling a tune to keep up his courage. But curiosity, stronger than fear, caused him to take just one more look at the apparition, and what was his surprise to behold against the steeple, two barred and striped objects that loomed like the clown's legs in the circus. The ploughman stood rooted to the ground, and then down came ghost number two, and, ss it was a dark and mascnbne-looking object, the ploughman rallied from his fright and approached the spot, when he beheld a lady ana gentleman quarrelling, and the lady calling the gentleman a " horrid wretch." No cards. 