_A.BOHEMINO MAIDEN. IN Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely maiden, say of 35, who fell desperately in love with a rich young man, and to prove the disinterested rapture she felt for him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she hinted, as only a lady of 35, anxious to Marry, can, that he was the very finest man she ever came across, and could make any woman happy by tho simple means of a preacher and fl license. But thc rich young man didn't see it ; he didn't nibble, and, in fact, he stayed away from there in a most unproposing ninnner. But it was an enter- prising maiden, and so she went through some five hundred novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man with a matrimonial lasso, for, as thc couple in a novel always marry, it is safe to conclude that the courting must bc good which results always in success. Well, at last thc fair reader came to the " Romance of a Poor Young Man," wherein thc point is that the P, Y. M., being locked in a moonlit tower with a lady, jumps off thc tower at the risk of his life, sooner than stay up there and thus compromise the lady, " I have it," said the fair reader, closing the book and going co the sexton of a lonely Methodist Church which stood some miles in the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she managed to wheedle him out of thu key to the steeple, which was high, had a spiral stairway inside, and only one window. Then the rich, but cool, young mun and thu designing ludy, were seen one afternoon riding along that road, aud, stopping at thc lonely church, to go up in thc steeple and view n fine article of sunset. The couple climbed the stairs, aud stood at thc single window admiring the lovely scene until thc sun went down behind thc west, and thc twilight crept o'er moor-land and lee-see any novel or poem for minute description. Then tho rich young man began to get skittish and wish he was at home, so he imparted a gentle hint to his companion that they had better go, &c.; Now, the lady had locked the door of thc steeple, assuring thc young man that it was thc sexton's imperative command. Down thc steep, narrow stairs they came, and at thc bottom thc lady felt for tlie key in her pocket, but no key wns there. " Gracious me," says she, in a most histrionic manner, " if I haven't gone and dropped the key out of the window. It's fifty feet to tho ground. What will become of us ? To stuy in this steeple all night with a mnn and show myself afterward unmarried would kill me," &c;, and she fell on thc young man's breast in u paroxysm of weeping. That young mon was cool and business-like. He waited until she turned off thc water, then kindly seated her on thc lowest step and started upstairs. " Heavens, Joseph ; dear Joe, you ain't going I to jump?" " Not if I know it j you just wn.it." Presently bc returned with a bright smilc on his face and thc bcllropc under his arm gently, but Hrtnly, he took that thirty-five' yenr-old young maiden upstnirs to thc window* and, in spite of her entreaties and cries, tied thc rope about her waist and lowered away. Thc conventional ploughman, homeward plodding his wenry way, saw, ns thc moon rose, a parti-coloured ghost descending thc face of tue churcli-stceplu, and he began to plod faster, at the same time whistling a tune to keep up his courage. Jiut curiosity, stronger than fear, caused him to take jusl one more look at thc apparition, and what wns his surprise to behold against thc Btccplc, two barred and striped object that loomed like thc clown's legs in thu circus. Thc plough- man stood rooted to tho ground, and then down came ghost number two, nnd, as it was a dark and mnsculinc-looking objects, the ploughman rallied from his fright and ap- proached thc spot, when ho beheld a lady and gentleman quarrelling, and the lady calling the gentleman a " horrid wretch." No cards. 