MACBETH. Mr. Thomas Ivenny, a .clever essay- y ist, and who has lyritten most ably on' f the subject of " Macbeth," cliaract..'r- ) iscs it as " a drama of gigantic crime J and terror relieved by the mpst inag- I niiicent imaginative expression," yet ) marked with great" simplicity of ge1ier.1l y design. The date of the production of ( the piece is set by Fiiniival at 1605-6, ) and "we may takd it for grunted," J says "Kenny, ." that it Avas written in ( the time of James the First, who I ascended the throne March, 1603, as it contains an evident allusion to that ( monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a ) comiilimentary reference to him in an- ' otlier part. Tlie material for the play wa.s fonncl by Siiakespeare in Holin- > shed's History of Scotland, where the C story of Macbeth is told at page x68." / The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- j sented to have been cousins ; the" first ( a valiant gentleman hut of criier dispo- ): sition, and the latter ".so soft and » gentle in his nature that the people (. wished the inclination and mannci"s of ) the two to have been so tempered and J interchangeably shared betwixt them ( that where the one had too much of ) clemency and tlic other of cruelty, the main virtue bclwcen tlicsc two extrc- ( .mities might have reigned by iiiclifl'er- ) ent partition in them both. The play V all along keep.s close to the line of ( Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely 1 any particular except in the non- ' appearance in the banquet scene of the f murdered Banquo's ghost." This tragedy has been presented in ' Mclhounie we believe oftener tiian any / other of Shakespeare's tvorks. The \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, y Charles "\'incent, in their time essayctl J the part, and we have had other repre- \ senfalivcs, from tlie burly McKcan C Buchanan and James Anderson to the ) .little dapper J. B. ilowe. . But few.. \ artitis have made their Melhournc- r deluf in the rCde of the Thane af Ca jv- '/ dor. Of those who have, we now call ,j to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- f atre Royal, July 2, i860,' Mrs. Charles Poole supporting him as Lcuhj-hdao- ) heth, Mr. Henry Edtyards. as Macduff, ( Mrs. Winterhqttom':as/MttIc'<>Im.)?and J the principal tinging witches were Mrs. g Hancock and" the late, Julia Matthewsi f Previous te that, on Aug. 25, 1858, at J the same theatre, there burst upon the g theatrical firmament an" Australian f Roscius, ./Master Edward Pole,) aged J 14\. H® iso played the part, which as V a feait of memory , was extremely won- / derful. This gentleman . has long left i the stage arid .become a " family man," ' and npw.foliows the: prosaic business of a thriving paperhanger, . g At the tirne of the";" Ghost" serisa- ' tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy ( was revived to be iiroduced with " Pep- ; per's ghost efi'ects," which were an nounced as " combining the real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- , cal, the positive and the illusory," with ' thirtEcn ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22. 1863, when under the management of the late ' fairies Simmbiids. The part of Macr ( heth was.alternately played by Messrs. R. Young'e and Henry Ed'ivards, the Lady Tiaeheth' was by the late charm- in.g Annie Lockhart. 1 It. was' in the part of the " Thane's ' guilty wife" that Miss Goddarcl (Mrs. ( Capel) "made- her bow before a Mel bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' , August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke ( appearing as Macbeth. The Opera of " Machbtli," by Verdi, has been prcscntiid in Melbotinie by ( I w'o difl'ererit corripanies at an interval . of,- twelve yc.ii;s. , Xrie first prqduqtion ' ivas at the Theatre R0y.1l, "September ( 8, i860, with' the Bianclii Opera (,om- . pany. Signora Bianclii undertook the ' music of MafSt;</i.,Sigiior Bianclii ( Mae'diff, lmile Goulon Macbeth, John jjanqvo, Walter Slierwin Mai- « colw: and Mr John Winlerhbttom was ( conductor of the orchestra. The se cond time the Opera was- revived was ( at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. ( W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title Irhlc (.Mgel/cth) was allotted to Signer ( Tournerie,,Mtf(.'rZ)/./f tp.Sigiiqr Leandro Coy, Baiii/no ' to " Signo'r Dbndi, M«Z- eolvh ' to .Signor Benso, Phyfielan, to ( .Signor Favas, Gen.tJlenwmii \p Sigiibra . Toiirnerie, and.L,ady MgqheihAo .Sig nora Zcnoni. ' ' " ' , ( 