) T H E P H A N T 0 M MINE R, J . of the old gold digging dugs.) . ( " Tdll you a ghost story," said my imclc Ned, a halo old ) gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar V affair that happened on Tall mans Gully, in 1859." \ We were all .attention, and listened to the very remark- ( able narrative he related in the following manner : / " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and \ four, mates were livin.g in a tent on the banks of the ( river — living, I said, I .should have called it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate,, only finding sufficient gold to- \ keep lis in .the commonest tucker. After our everyday's r work, you may be sure we were fired enough ; but we were / every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, .clink \ of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This ' coufounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not ce.ase until the break of day. , One night we were y determined to see who it w.as ; so we sallied forth in the briglit moonlight, .and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an y old claim which had been deserted . for many years. I was choseii sppkesman. to expostulate with this noisy digger; ) but' when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, . transfixed' with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's . clothes was no living nmn, hut a 'sltcloton ) " Uncle Ned 1 " we all cried, " how fearful." . " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking fnan, "of .about fifty years of age, who ) enquired for a digger of whom we knew nothing about. He fold us that in '51 he .and a mate of his deserted from onc.of Her, Majesty's ships, .and st.arted for the Tallm.ans t gold, fields. They woi-ked with pretl.y good luck for a few monthsifvheu the new comer went down to Melbourne to see .about some letters.. Before he went, he said to his > mate, 'Bob; whatever you do, never stop working the cl.aim for .a'day until I come hack.' Bob promised, and ' they p.arted'. 'I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- t digger,,iand there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on bo.ard ; and now that I have obt.ained my discharge, I have h.astencd up here to find ray old chum.' 'You will |- see him -to-night,' Is.aid; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the ' phantom's pick was heard,' and we all turned out. 'Ah!' , cried the .sailor; ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, herd am back. Bob, speakdo ihe.' He r.an to the figure, which , turned its hideous face on him; With a loud shriek the seeker \ fell-.senseless on the grpuhd.y The ghost threw down its pick, and vanished; ' In the morniiig' we discovered the , poor .sailor, a raving lunatic. '1 , . .. " .Oh, iincle Ned, what a fearful story.", " Well, . yoii aSked i-ne to tell you a storg, and I have done so." " ' " Then, it is; not true?" ; ''"Well, said our uncle, laughing, '' it is .as true'jjas many of the-absurd yarn's that got- about, during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, those. wereVstiauge; d.ays,, when men would undergo, any..amouut of pri'vation.for a few ounces .of gold. Ho w'dilJeieht it is. iioiv; for should a man be pushed for a Large or small amount all that he has to do is to nave an interview witn DAVID HENRY, of 52, Collins street.e.ast, Wlin Imja fvnm f-.rt P. 1 0 rifiPi f-.n lftnrl nn nnf-.n-R nf Im.nrl I'ii Ms of R.ale (with or without . security), -.salary OT-dbrs, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, on expected remittance.s, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England .and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and mortgages from 6 per cent. 