The Phantoms of Fate. Mr soul from out this world had fled, Unto some lower, vaster sphere Where even the very air seemed dead, And dense with dull oppressive fear ! Before me loomed a plain BO vast And level, that it seemed to me As though the dead of all the past, Of all the worlds, might wandering flee For ever, and it's farthest hound fa. Of level space, yet distant be 1 The floor was like a splintered sea, Turned sudden into ashy stone And o'er its dead immensity, My lonely soul, fled on alone, Between two awful formless forms Of shapeless darkness-fleeing swift, As when on earth the thunder-storm, 'Midst sullen clouds, makes lightning rift So flamed within them, hidden fire So darkly rolled their vaporous might, As if all Hell-a funeral pyre, From out the glooms of endless night, Had fashioned in some fiendish guise, To immolate each mortal's soul Ere it could soar to Heavenly skies, And reach earth's life's predestined goal ! The air above me seemed the breath Of worn out tempests,-and the clouds Hung heavy like the pall of death, Fringed clammy with the ghosts of shrouds And all the brooding mists which curled In sullen greyness far and near Seemed like the damps of some past world, Of stagnant desolation drear ! IA hunted, haunted, feverish dread ! I An awful trembling seized my soul ! As we three shapes, with soundless tread, Fled dumbly, without path or goal But some voice whispered, " still be brave ! What courage wins not-fear can never, These be but phantoms of the grave, Hell's sleuth hounds-who will hunt for ever The timorous souls of the departed As erst with shadowy fears on earth, The tender souled and timid hearted, They brooded over from their birth, Till life grew dull with some dim terror, Some haunting fear of future ill; Mistrust of Belf-and dread of error But thou ! resist them ! with Btrong will Stop sudden ! face thy foes defiant, Ay-and if need-all Hell beside Hell's tools are but the weak and pliant, And not the Btrong souled-conflict triad ! Stand ! and thouTt see what shams thou fearest !" I turned S wift-fiercely-on the Bhadow nearest, With strong, stern strength-which through me, burned. AB though each nerve was strung with lightning) And braced with steel-It turned and fled Dissolving, as when Budden brightening The sun rends flying clouds o'erhead. So into fading fragments streaming Tb passed away-and with the dawn Of Heaven on earth-I waked from dreaming. As courage whispered "Boldness is prudence, with a threatening foe, For fate respects the brave, but works the coward' woe." E. A. 