S SJ Pa , .1 have an hour's talk in store for you. ; Juini'8 C/ESAH— Aot li., SopnoS. 'I'm sadly afraid, from the columns of rnb- Jjish that daily find publication under the imposing hoading of ' The Crisis,' that the writer's Blo*ok of vituperation may fall short. Xet mo suggest then that copies of the Old . British Spy, published in 1779, will furnish an amazing Btoro of invective to bo hurled at the Ministry. Something like the follow ing, which appears in tho issue of the 20th February of the year named, might suit: ? ' May those venal Ministers (the Grehvillo Administration) who have made tho hungry ourse their birth, be driven from before the . throne. Do not men of genius and calcula. fciou already fear that our three per cents will be worth no more than fifty pounds for a hundred ? Forbid it good Lord ! that ever England should be so reduced that the ?widows' and orphanB' money should bo ex pended and applied to corve the vile pur poses of such men as Jemmy Tsvitcher, Sir Hugh Paleface, Drunken Ryduin,' &o.; There is such a catastropho as counting chickens before they are batohed. Some such proceeding is going on amongst tho. Conservative party. Mr. Francis has al ready been made Chief Seoretary by antici pation ; Mr. Service i3 to have the Treasury again, whilst Gillies has the Lands ; Kerferd andPurvcii Lawofficera. TheotherMinisterial places to bo filled by defaulting Liberals. Xiangton is to be provided for as Commissioner of Land Tax, and the 'extreme free-traders plaoated by tariff concessions. But the bost laid plans oft gang a'gee, so that the re jection of Mr. Francis in West Melbourno may result in tho fall of this houso of cards. I should much liko to know upon what grounds Mr. Francis was refused by the Conservative League a copy of certain docu ments In connection with the objections lately made to the West Melbourno eleotoral roll. I'm told upon good authority, how over, that the refusal was aocompanied with an intimation that if Mr. Franoia would pay his portion of the expense of collecting the information he could have it. The free traders evidently intend to take the cash out of their loot convert. Like moBt of my fellow-citizene, I have a high respeot for Mr. Francis, and must re. grot that in his present state of health ho has allowed himself to be bo readily made the tool of his old opponents. The worst eido is that his new allieB openly state he's only a six months' man, and that, in tho event of a general election, he would be snorificod to a free-trade oandidate. Oil, lot's haro him ; (or his silver hairs Will purchase us a good opinion, And buy men's voices to commond our deeds. It shall bo naid bis judgment rul'd our hands. Probably such sentimonta induced certain polemical writers to impress good Dr. Cairns, arrayed in an angel's habit, into their political outpourings in a lato issue of the Soutliern Croaa. A careful peruBal of the extraor dinary articlo referred to lead* me to believe that it muafc havo been written after a care ful study of the Book of Tobit. on +ho top of a heavy supper of toasted cheese. By-the-bye, tho word angel hath many in terpretations. Falstaff was accused of being Prince Harry's 'ill angel,' whilst tho whoreson minister of Back and sin did reply, 'Not so, my Lord; your ill angel is light,' and heiein commentators do tell me ho did refer to a ten shilling piece, which in those degenerated days was termed an angel. . But then this application of sordid leaven would be out of place with our moat worthy doctor. , ? A liberal education, received from most li beral Birmingham, has stood Bishop Thorn ton in good stead — I mean politically — for my memory carries me back to Sam. Thorn ton, the monitor of Merchant Taylor's School. With true courage the Bishop of Ballarat haB warned his clergy to abstain from making their pulpits platforms for venting political opinions. Nor was the cantion uncalled for. Parsons aB a rule are somewhat like sheep— when one jumps tho rest of the ilock seek to follow ; hence the Henderson fulmina tion has been succeeded by a series of smaller reports. | 'The civil servants and their neighbors' is a theme on which a citizen who dislikes the recent civil service reductions delights in print to dwell. Let me record an aotual fact aB to how a high-paid civil servant's wife treated her noighbor before the reduc tibn. Sfyg employed her for three weeks making dresses, made her find her own trim mings, and then kept her employed calling almost daily for six months at the rich civil servant's house for tho money the poor woman had not only earned but expended. Only a threat from the draper, who had supplied the etceteras on credit, of exposure in the Police Court, induced finally a settle* ment of the account. Ye hungry stitohern, . oat the crumbs that fall from the rich man's table, and be thankful. Tho politics of tho cab arc practical, if they are nothing else. In a North Melbourne jinglo I heard the following : — Bill : ' What do you think, Jim, of thiB crisis business ?' ' Jim : ' Well you know at firBfc I hardly seed my way, but my missiiB, whose's a bit of a scholar like, put it straight. 'Jim,1 says she, ' we're a round dozen in this house, and that means twouty-Bix pounds a year taxes. Berry-says tho taxes is wanted to pay tho civil servants. Now if he knocks off half them fellers, why it just means £13 a year Iobs taxes to pay, bo you stick to Berry, d'ye hear?' So yo see, Bill, I'm for Berry.' Bill: 'Your missu3 has hit it, Jim; I'm Liberal straight.' A curious political question haB como to tho front. Will the block, tho board, or tho counter afford tho best legislators?^ A' comic periodical has seized the early expe riences of a Minister, whose politics it ab hors, as a matter .for ridicule, forgetting that tho tailor's sleeve-board, tho butcher's block, and the one-time measurer of tapes have fur nished tho politicians he delights to honor. Oh, Jeamcs, I'm ashamed of you ! Lady holpB are rapidly becoming a Vic torian institution. Cannot the movement be oxtended to include a olass of lady nurses? E/ery medical man admits tho almost impos sibility of obtaining a good trainod nurse. Why then do we insist on perpetuating Sairey Gamp and her tribe ? If the usual monthly in a oool climate is almost unbear able, why torture- our earliest hours of existence with tho old horrors exaggerated by climatic influences ? Is there no social roformor to tako up thia question? Want and wasto— dirt and drink— aro synonymous ' terms. Let mo thy properties explain— A rotten cabin, dropping rain ; Chimneys with scorn rojectlnfj hir.oko ; Stools, tables, chairs and bodstoads broke. Is Swift's way of describing tho reBults of an ignorance of tho social duties of overy-day life. I'm sadly afraid that we've drifted as a community into the flame mess. Education to-day is all theory. I want something practical. If Mr. W. C. Smith will only add cookory and Inundry classes to tho State school systom of female education, why tho ' world will forgive him for dispensing with the singing master and Venables. A distinguished party took their departure by tho last mail steamer. Ono of tho number, born and bred below thesalt, wan evidently de sirous that humbler friends should not forget her. Viofcorian sooioty hardly cared to claim the Lady, because oertain antecedents of tho Nell G wynne character rendered her inadmis sible to their homes. From what I hear, however, her ladyship is exercising an influ-. enoe for good over the career of the one who made her an ' honest woman,' and tho club missqd the picking of a fat pigeon through' the exercise of her dearly-bought worldly wisdoni; Her friends In poverty reaped the ad vantage—diamond 8ouvenira boing bestowed on her old mistress, aud upon a few- of her old chums. Talking of misalliances, I hoar a rumor that the Lady of a certain English noble man, whose name has reoently appeared somewhat prominently in connection with theatrical gup in England, is about to appear on tho boards of our Royal. If such is the case the Artful will score ono, for qur snobocracy are certain to rush the houBO for the gratification of seoing a countesa in tights. The 'Pet of tho Strand' will doubtless soon become the ' ' Rage of Collins-street.;' The goojd pooplo of Quirindi have peculiar ideas, evidently, on the Creator's dealings with Hia creatures. At a recent inquest on the body of a drunkard, the following curi ous finding waa delivered. 'Deceased, by the visitation of God, accelerated by drink and exposure.' The Doity 13 oharged with committing an act evidently tho result of the unfortunate man's persistent imprud ence. The adventures of Mr. Samuel Pickwick in a lady's bedroom, which in tho dark he had mistaken for bis own, had something like a practical repetition a short time since at Toorak. A large party of both sexes had assembled to celebrate the Christ mas festivities. One young lady, who pos sessed a keen relish for practical 'jokes, de termined quietly on enacting the part of tho ghost. Seeing an opportunity, when good nights were being exchanged, my fair friend Blipppd away to her own room, and after dis robing herself, and assuming the robe de null, betook herself to a neighboring room, in which she anticipated another fair damsel would be located. Pending the anticipated arrival concealment waa sought beneath the bed. Judge of the damsel's horror when, after some quarter of an hour's waiting, a creature in whiskers appeared, with his bed candle, evidently intent on passing the night in the chamber.- The horrors endured by tho damsel under tho bed may be under stood. After four hours' confinement she managed to creep out and regain her own room, trembling for fear the creature should awake. This ia no romance, and the lesson has had, I'm glad to say, rather a . quieting effect. - Tho mysterious disappearance of the Queonsoliff butcher, Kearney, has never, to my' mind, been satisfactorily explained. If I mistake not the man, however, his specu lations wero not confined to the renting of Mud Island as a grazing run, It is possible that betting, billiards and Napoleon may in the long run bo found as reasons for his sudden absenting himself from his homo. ? OUTIS. 