THE GHOST'S SUMMONS. : " Wanted, sir — a patient." : It "was in the early days of my profes- Mooai career, when patients were scarce, and fees scarcer-; and though 1 was in the act of sitting down to my chop, and ' had promised.- myself a glass of steaming punch afterwards, 'in honour ..of the Christmas season, I hurried instantly into my surgery. - - - — — I entered briskly j bnt -no sooner'did I catch eight of the figure stending leaung against the counter than I started back tvih/atrange /feeGng ;of :hrnH'l/whih for the life of we I coold not compiy- hend. . ' Never shall I forget the ghastliness of; that face— dhe white honrir stampednpon ; every feature— theagony which seemed to ! sink the very eyes beueath the contracted 1 brows; it was awfol to me to behold, nnaccustomed as I was to scenes of 'teizor..! , . ; some hesitation. No;1 Iamnot ilL" s ' .- 1' Yon reqinre, "then— r— ". ! "HoBh!" he interrupted, approaching : mora nearly, and 'dropping his; already ; low mnrmnr . to a mere whisper. HI; believe yon .are pot rich. Would yon be : willing to earn a thonsand ponnds I" ; A thonsandponndsr His wprds seemed to bum my very ears. 1 ' " I shonld be . thankfnl, if I could do so honestly," ' I replied, with dignity. ; What ip; the service required ofme J" - - i A peculiar look of intense horror passed oyer the white .face .behwa me Imt the black-bine, lips answered , firmly, " To attend a-death-bed." :- ; «A thousand popnds to attend adeefh- bed ! Where am I to go— Whose is it f ; HAfiaa" 7" : The voice in wfaicdi this was said soun ded ao hollow and distant, that lnvojan tatilyT shrank back. Yours 1 ' What nonsense 1 Yon are npt - a (Ififg inan. Yon ane.pale, but. yon appear perfectly Stealthy. Yon—:—" ' : " "Hnsh!" hB interrupted; "I know allflthis.- ' You nannot-ba more conrihded of my physical heMth-than I am myself ; yet I know that befbre'.-the Tclock tolls the first hour after . 'midnight I shall be a dead man." ' ' 1 "Bntr " He shitddered slightly ; bnt stretching out his. 'hand commandingly, imMkiiiid me to be mlent " I am bnt too weli informed of what' I affirm," "he aaid iqniatiy ; 1 "I have' received a mysterious summons from the dead. No mortid iud can avail me. I am doomed as ,tl» ynbhdi on -whom the jqdge hss pissed eehtence. I do pot coine eitherVto seek your advice or to argue the matter "with you but simply to bny your services. I offer on afhousand' ponods to.pass the nightin my diamber andtaessithe appear to yon eztrwmgaht- Bnt X have no further need to conut the post .of . any gratification ; and the spectacle yon will have-to witness 'is po common agbt bf horror." . -, '"The wprds; etitege as. fhey .wer ware spoken .telhfiy' enough j Tbpt aa the last sentence dropped slowly from tfie livid lips, an expression of .shch wild horror again passed over the strangerfs face, that in spite of. the immense fee J. hesitated to answer. " You feiir to trust to" the. promise of a dead pian"! Seehere and be convinped," be exclaimed eagerly -; . and the ' necjt instant, on the counter between ub, lay a parchment docament, and following the indication . oJE that white muscular, hand, Xreadthewords, Jlnd toMr. Frederick Bead, of lfi Highwfreet; " Alton, Ibe- queath the snm of one thonsand pound, for a certain service rendered to' me." " I have had that will drawn np within the, last twenty-fodr hoars, and X signed it an faonr ago, in the presence of com petent witnesses. I am prepared, yon see. Now, do yon accept my offer or not l" . — : ' My 'answer was to walk across the room .and take down , my hat, and then lock the door -of the snrgery commnn- icating with. the houBe. , It , was a"!, dark, icy-cold night, and somehow .the courage pud determination which the sigiic of my own name, in annexion, with a thousand pounds .had given me,, flagged considerably .as 1 found myself hurried along throni'the silent darkness by a man whose death-bed I was about to atteud. . He was grimly silent ; but as his.hand touched mine, in spite of the frost it felt like a burning coal, On we went — tramp, "tramp through the snow — on, on,"till even I grew weary, and at length on my appalled ear struck ; the chimes of a church-clock ; whilst; close -at" band I distinguished the snowy hillocks of a churchyard. Heavens 1 was the awfol scene - of which I was about to be -the witness to- take place veritably amongst the dead % "Eleven," groaned tee doomed man. " Gracioos God ! but two hoars more, and that ghastly messenger, will bring the summons.'' Come, come ; far mercy's sake, .let as hasten." There was bnt a short road separating as now from a wall -which surruuoded , a large mansipn, aDd along' ihis 'ye has tened nntil we reached a-small door. Passing throngh this, in a few minnteB we were stealthily ascending the private staircase to a splendidly-furnished apart-' meat, which left no doubt of the wealth of its owner. ' All was intensely silent, however, through thB house ; and about this room ; in particular there was a stillness that, as I gazed around, struck me as almost ghastly. ; .. My companion glanced-fat a clock on ! the mantelshelf, and sank into a large, chair by the ride of the fire with a shudder. " Only an hour and a half longer," he muttered, f ! Great hea vens;! I thonght T . had more, fortitude. This horror- unmans me" Then. in a . fiercer tone, and clntcbing my arm, he add, « Ha ! yon mock me, yon .'think me mad ; bat wait tall' you see — tyrit till yon seel" . ' ' I pat my hand on his wrist; forthere was now a fever in his sunken eyes which checked the superstitious chill which had been gathering over me, and made me hope' that; after "all,' my ' first sus picion was correct, - and that my patiein was bnt the yicum of some fearfti hallucination. ' "Mock you I'M answered, soothingly. Far 'from it ; I sympathise intensely with you, and would do mncb to aid yoii. You' reqaire sleep. Lie don, and leave trie to watch." : He groaned, bat rose and began .throwing oft his clothes ; and, watching my i 'opportnuity, I riipped a>;sk»pipjg powder, which I hail, managed to put into my pocket before leaving tee. sur gery, into the tiuqbler of claret,' that Stood before him. ' 1 The" more I saw thy foore I felt ! dia- vinced teat it was the -nervous system of my patient which required my attention ; and it was with sincere satisfaction I saw hjm drink ihe wine, and then stretch himself on the luxurious bed. . . - " Ha," thought I, as theclock etxack twhive, 'and, instead of a groap, the deep bftalhing of the sleeper sounded through ibe'toom ; " yon won't receive any. enm- mons tomight, and I may make -myself comfortable." , , - - r Noiselessly,' therefore, X' replenished tee re, poured . myself out a lacge.-glsas of nine, -and drawing the. curtain so that the fire , light should not disturb the sleeper, I pot myself in a . position fofipw his example. ; .7 \- -How long I - slept I know not, bnt suddenly I aroused with a start and as ghostly a thrill of honor as ever I remember to have felt in my life. '. 'Something— what, Iknew not — seemed hear, something nameless, bnt emitter- ablyawfuL Igazed round. The-fire emitted a faint Una glow, jnst sufficient to enable me to see that the room was exactly the same as when I" fell - asleep, but that the lpug hand of - "the clock wanted .bnt ' five minutes' of the myste- fions hour which was to be the .death moment of the " summoned " man. .! Was there any thing in it, thenl— :any truth in the strange story he told ! : . ' The rilence wasintenae. conldnot even heara breath from Jhebod ; and I was abont to rise and approach; when again that awfnl horror seized me, iind at tee aatne moment my eye felbnpon ; the mirror opposite the door, and I saw — . . , Great heaven 1 that awfol shape- that ghastly mockery of what bad been humanity — was it really a messenger from the buried,' .quite dead i. It stood teere i risible death- ctothes ; bat the; awful face was ghastly with cor ruption, and tee sunken eyes gleamed forth a green glassy glare, which seemed a veritable blast from the infernal fires below. To move or utter a sound in that hideous preaence was rimpussible ; and like a atatua l8at, jani faw that horrid shape move slowiytqwards the bed. Whit was the. awfnl scene enacted there, I know not. V;I heard nothing, ex cept a low, jifledt goniaeri , groan ; and I saw thesliadbuH' of thsft ghastly mes senger bending over the bed.;.; ' ; hetfier it . was; .epme wordless sentence' its' .breateless lips 'ten"- yeyed ,aa it stood there,; I-know not;. bnt for aii instant the of ' a claw-like hand, fromi which the third 'finger was' i; ; ; r - missing, . appealed extended , oyer.lthe j dSomed rnan's iead j!:and.teell»;',La.'tl1® j clock ztrnck one clear iUwry ..stroke, 'ft fefi, wndji wild shriek rang , through the reom-a. daatb«hrie- , | '-I- f . X am not given to firinting, bnt; I:sr- tainly confess thst lthe next .ten nunutes of my existence was 'a cold . blank; and even when' I ', did' manage . to . stsgger tp "my feet, I gazed rqn(id,-rajhly endcAteJir- ing tp nnderstand tee chilly! honour which Still possessed md , , , ' Thaak'Gpd ! the.room. .was rid of teat awful pesencer-l.Ba J: down some wine, I lighted s wax taper tefi .Staggered .tciwrdsjthfi ; Ahi lmw '.I , "prayed that, rqU, Ipioight have been dreanfipg,. and ttany bra cxrited imagination .. had but ,conjnrsd up some hideous mmnoiy, pfthe dissect ing-room. J But one glides was safficient to answer that.' .! j... "j. No 1 the snmmons had; indeed been given and answered. I flashed the light over the 'dead face, swollen, convulsed -still, with the deatfi- pgony j but suddenly I shrank, bacfe! . .. Even as I gated, tee expressiou,of . ths face seemed to", change : -tee blackness faded .into adeathlywhiteness ;the con vulsed features relaxed, and; evea as af .the victim pf that, dread, apparition stfii lived, a sad, solemn .smile: stole. over, -the pale lips. \ I was . intensely lorrified, buf still C retaihed snfficient self-conaciousness to be stirick prblessionally by " snch..a phe nomenon. . ' . ' j.,.- : . Surely there was something moid than supernatural agency .inallthis 1 . . Again I.scrutiuised the dead face, and even the throat and chest ; but, with tee exception pf a tiny, pimple on one temple, beneath: "a" cluster , of hair, not a m&rh; jappraredL To look at" tee corpse, one would have believed that -this man .had Indeed died.fjy the visitation of God, peacefully,' whilst sleeping. 1|(". How lung" X stood there l know nph but time enough , to gather my. 'ristteid senses and to reflect , that, all thia con sidered, .my own position would fie veiy "nppleasaht if X was. -found thus unex pectedly in the room. (Of tee mysteriously deadmap- ! \ . ,. . So, 'as noiselesriy as I could, I made my way io.ut of the house. , No one met, me mi ;ej private.etaircasej the ,litxlp -dopy fnto the 'road jjas ;ely ,gp- fastened and ' thtehiul dndeeCgs I to feel gain tee fresh wintry air as I h)if- ried along that road by tee tetuch /"A There was a magnificent funeral soon in teat church;; and it was said teat tee young widow iof the buried man was in consolable ; and teen rumours got abroad of ja horrible apparition, which hadibeen aeenpu tee night of tee deateq 'audit -was whispered teeynang. widow: was ter rified, and insisted upon - leaving ..ber splendidmaorioa : \- £ was too J mystified , with tee whole afikir to .risk;, my reputation -by saying trfiat I knew, and I should-heve allowed my ahatw' in -it ito remain focievter buried in nblirionj had X not anddeBly heard that tee widow, objecting to many «f tee legacies in the last will of her husband, intended., to dispute it onl tee 'ground of insanity; . and teen ; and : teere -gradually arose tee rumour of his belief in having received a mysteriens summons, ; - - .' On this I went- to tee lawyer, ! and sent a message to the lady, that, aS the Inst person who had attended her hns- band, I undertook to proVe hiR sanity ; and' I besought her to grant me an in terview, in which I would relate ' as strange and horrible a: story as ears had ever heard. " The isame" evening : I received an invi tation to go to the mansion. : ; I was' ushered immediately into a splendid Toom, and there, standing before the fire, was the most dazztiDgly beaufiful young creatnre I.had ever seen. She was -very small, but exquisitely made ; had it not been for tee dignity of her carriage, . I shonld have believSn her a mere, child, With a stately bote she advanced, bnt didnbtspeafc. ' '"I come on a stratige and' painful errand," I began, and then' I started/fdr l happened to glance frill into1 her eyte; and' irom them down to the BmaU right hanii grasping the ehair." The to«firifiy tfup was on that hand ! f l conclude yoij are .the Mr. ' i| who requested permission to - tell < me somB abBurd ghoSt gtpry, and. whom ."my my late, husband- mentions here.". And as she spakstsne, stretched, opt her. left fi;uid tofijards.. something— fipt, ,what"'J knew hot, for my eyes were 'fixed on that ; hand. ! . „ ; Horror ! „ White A(4-.Iiciit ; it might bqt it ., was shapdiikfe a datej; aotte6 third fingerwteiJnissingi- _One sentence ffas .enough after that " Madame, all I can -tell.; yon fs, teat the ghost who stunmonei your husband was niarked fiy . a .singular deformity, ..The third finger . on thy |e£t hand was, missing," I said sternly, and , tee next, instant J had. left, that beautiful sinful presence. , That will was never disputed. The next morning, too, I received a cheque ; for a thohsand ponnds ; and tee ntext news £ heard of tee widow was teat ebe had heitelf seen that awfol spparition,. andthad irit the mansion immediately;. 