JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. THE QUAIL. The quail iz a' game bird, about one size bigger than tho robin, and so sudden that they hum when' they fly. They have no song, „but whistle for muBic, the tune is solitary and ead. They are shot on the wing, nnd a man may be good in arithmetic fustrato at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well shoot at a ntreak of lightning iu the sky aa at a quail on the go. Briled quail, properly supported - with jelleys and a Champagne Charlie, iz just the most difficult thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history ov vittles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for T kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lip3 after I gib thru, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend, with judishous accompanymeut, I bluah at fust, then bow my head, 'and then emile sweet acquiescence — in other words, I always quail before such a request. , THE rAETEIDQE. The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring- ov the year and keep both eyes wide open, watching the sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing, aud are ob easy to miss az a ghost iz. It is phun enuff tew see the old ' bird hide her youDg brood when danger iz near. This ' must be seen, it 'can't be . described, and make ennybody believe it. , The plrtridga, grouse and pheasant are cousins, and either of them straddle a grid iron natural enuff to have been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, and serve up. with a kind of chorus, and they beat the bam sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy fyad 87^. per cent: I have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and must say that I prefer a couple g( basswood ohips,' soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding'B glue. THE QOSMS. . The goBlin is the old goose's yung child. - They are yeller all over, and az soft az a ball of worsted; Their foot iz wove' hole, and . they kan awim az easy az a drop of kastor oil on the water. They are born annually about the 15 th of May, and never waz known to die naturally. If a man should tell' me he' saw a goose die a mitral' deth, I' wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even it he swore he had lied about Beelng a goose die. The goose are different in one respect from the hum^n family, who are Bed tew grow weaker and wiser, whereas a goalin alwus grows tuffer and more phoolish. . I have seen a goose that they Bed 'wai ninety-three yeara old laBt June, and didn't look an hour older than one that was only seventeen. ' The goslin waddles when he walks , and paddles when he Bwims, bat never divea like; a duck out of sight in the water, but j.only oha'nges ends. 1; The food uv the gozlin iz ryo. corn, oata and barley, sweet apples, hasty, pudding, succotash, and biled cabbage, cooked potatoze, . raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred, kold hash' and buokwheat bakes that are leU over. - Thoy ain't so particular as some pholka what they eat, won't git mad and quit it they kant have wet toast aud lam. ohops every morning for breakfast. 