) T I-I E P H A N T 0 M MINE R. ) ("A fttory of the old gold diggliui diiy.'t.) , "Tell j'ou a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a ;)eculiar i affair that h.appened on T.allmans Gully, in 1859." S Wq Avcre .all attention, and listened to the veiy reinark- ( able narrative ho related in tbe L'ollowino: manner i " You must know," eonimciiced my uncle, " tli.at 3 .and , \ four mates Avere living in a tent on the banks of tlie ( river — living, I .said, 1 should have called it existing, for j ) Ave Avcre most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold' to i ) keep us in the cominonest tucker. After our ca'-oryil.ay's j ( Avork, you may be sure wc Averc tired enough ; but avc were i ) every night disturbed in ou.r rest by the clink, clink, clink - ) of .a pick, .about fifty yards from our canvas home. Tins confounded noise always eonnnoueed at midnight, and did , ) not cease until the break of day. One night avo were ' \ determined to sec who it \a', as ; so wc .sallied forth in t.he r bright moonliglit, and saw a figure in :i coarse red flannel , ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, bard at work by an k old claim a\dneb had been deserted for many years. I Avas ( cboseu spokcsmau, to expostulate with this noisy digger; f but when I was Avithiu twenty yards of him, 1 stood still, \ transfixed Avith horror. — for the wearer of the digger's j ( clothes was no li ring mnii., 7ji(t a .ihMetoii f" ) " Unci c Ned 1" we all cried, "how fearful." I C " One night, our tout w.as visited bj' a handsome, Avcll- | / to-do looking man, of n.bout fifty years of age, avIjo | \ enquired' for a digger of whom Ave knew nothing about. I ( He told us i.liat in '51 be and a mate of bis deserted from i f one of , Her Majestj-'s ships, and st.artcd for the Tallmans j f gold fields. They aa'orkcd with pretty good luck for a tow V months, Avhen the new comer Avent down to Melbourne to / see abput.somc letters. Before he Avent, be said to bis N mate, Bob, whatever you do, never stop working tlic claim for a d.ay until 1 come hack.' Bob promised, and / they parted. ' 1 went doAvn to Melbourne,' said the ex- \ dlggcz', ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and scut on board ;; and now that T. have obtained my discharge, I V have . hastened up here to find ray. old chum.' 'YouavIH \ see bini to-night,' I 'said ; ' but you'll find him very much ( changed.' At midnight, tbe everlasting clink of the f phantom's pick Avas heard, arid avc .all turned out. ' Ah I ' \ cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob. Bob, hero 1 am t' back. Bob, speak to me.' ; He ran. to the figure, Avbich ) turned its hideous face on bim. With a loud shriek the seeker ) fell senseless ,011 the ground. The ghost throw down its ' pick, .and vanished. In the morning Ave discovered the ) poor sailor a raving lunatic." A " Oh, .liriclc Ned, \yhat a fearful story." ' " Well;' you asked me to, tell you a story and I have ) done so." . '. ' . ' I " Then, -itds not "truel "' .: " Well, said our uncle, ' laughing, '' it is as trucJas many ) of the .absurd yarns th.at got about during the raging of V the gold feveri TAh,- those were strange days, Avhicii men Avould undergo ariiy .amburit-oC" privation for .a few ounces i of .gold. ' HoAv diffefent it is how; for should a man be J pushed for a large oi; sniall amount all that he has to do is to have an iiitei'view Avith > DAYID henry, of 52 Collins street east, . Who has from £5 to 6 10,000 to lend on. notes of hand, bil is of sale (Avith or Avithout ..security), salary orders, life ) policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, V mereharidise, on ex'pected reriiittanees, or on moneys pcr- ' sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., ) repayable to suit the cotiA'cniencc of borroAvers. V Bills diseouuted daily at tbe lowest rate of interest, and ' morlgages from 0 per cent. 