M. W. GREEN'S REVIEW OF MRS. E. H. BRITTEN. TO THE EDITOR Or tUE AOS. Sir. — To the third correspondent who has done me the honor of making your coluiuus the medium of na attack upon my lectures I trust you trill in courtesy and candor give mo tbe same privilege of spaco for a reply that you hare accorded' to tho attacking party. If the 51. .W. Green writing ia lost Saturday's Age be tho reverend gentleman whom I heard on my first arrival in Melbourne discussing Christianity and Spiritualism with Mr. Thomas Walker, I mutt confess my astonishment to find him onca again reviving the old platitudes which Mr. Walker more tbnn answered again nnd again, and yet again, in the discussion referred to. What limy he tbe character of the report on which Mr. Green founds his attack I cannot say, as I have been out of town for the past week, and havo not seen it. Confident ns I am that however much or little The Age may bave reported, its statements cannot be otherwise than genuine and candid, I at ill submit that a newspaper synopsis of an hoar and a half's address does not afford a sufficient basis for so loog and involved a diatribe as that with which Mr. Green has favored your readers. The proof ot this is to be found in liia recital of - tbo Bithject announced. This was a very long one, contained more propositions than Mr. Green has Btated, and concluded by.nsking why Chris tianity bud not doue ns its advocates bad pledged it should, namely, " To abolish sin and misery in tbe world, and inaugurate peace oo earth and goodwill to men," From tho opening of my lec ture I look exception to tho form of the question, and insisted upon drawing then, as I have before and shall again, a strong lino of demarcation be tween Christ aud Christianity ; also between those whJ followed Christ in tho year oue, and tlioao who do not fullow biio, although they borrow his name but caricature his teachings, iu the year 1S78. I do not wish to inflict a biblical war of quotation and counter-quotation on your readers, Mr. Editor ; lot it suffice therefore to Say that I defined then, as I expect to do again, Christ's ti-uchings by tbe sermon on the Mount, aud those of Christianity by the Athanasian Creed, the doctrines of Luther, Calvin, Kuox, tho Thirty- uino Articles, the sermons of Drs. Edwards, Emmons and Spurgeou, and tbe hymns of Dr. Watts. For practicsl examples of Christ's doctrines I referred, and shall again, to his charge to " feed the hungry, clothe tbe naked aud visit tho sick and for the influence of Christianity, after eighteen hundred years of experiment, I called attention to the crimes, pauperism, war, and anything but pence and goodwill existing amongst Christian men and women to this day. As to Mr. Green's denial ia one line that there are "any Christian nations," and hit affirmation ia the next that there is "one groat Christian natiou," to wit, the followers of Christ, these mo mere word quibbles ; very good methods of getting out of awkward places in debate, bat poor logic enough iu an attempt to state facts. If Great Britain under tbe rule of a State Christian Cburob and a monarch who is called " Defender of ths Faith" be not a Christian nation, aud a fair specimen of tho working of Christianity, then nm 1 ignorant of the application of plain toruis to glaring facts. When Mr. Green can show me a town, village or district of Europe, America, or the British colonies which does not claim for itself to live uudor the dispensation of Christianity, nnd be part of a Christian nation, then will I sit at the feet of the Rev. M. VI. Green, and learn the use of tbe English language. Aa to hia sneering question of, Why Spiritualism has not accom plished in twenty-five yean what Christianity boa failed to do in eighteen hundred ? I can only say, if Mr. Green cannot remember bow many times ho asked Mr. Walker tbo samo question, and how many times Mr. Walker answered it, the ques tion must e'en speak for and answer itself. I can but add, tbe accumulated miseries, woes, crimes and wrongs which have been heaped upon humanity during the last eighteen hundred yeira will take Spiritualists something more tbun a quarter of a century to put to rights, especially when they have everything concerning tbe nature of spirits and spiritual existence to learn ; no help from thoee who ought to bave been tbeir teachers in spiritualism, but one continual Beries of attacks to repel from them. Give Spiritualism one- third of the time to renovato the world in that Christianity haa had, and the Greens of tbe next six centuries to come may have some right to ask us' to proye our work by its fruits. At present Mr. Green knows as well as we do tbat we have neither organisations nor the means to or ganise. Knowing this, and having been re minded of it over and over again by his patient antagonist, Mr. Walker, why docs he repeat the silly taunt concerning our means of payiug our speakers and opening our meetings free? When wo have a bench of bishops drawing their ten or twelve thousand a year apiece, and & whole ecclesiastical hierarchy to match, all supported at tbe people's expense, we shall be able to preacn our gospel to tbe people free ; that is to say, we shall bo in a posi tion to imitate the Rev. M. W. Green and other self-sacrificing divines, who don't at all mind - doing their work ou the Sundav, but who would i>c(rery much scandalised provided their salaries were'paid on the Sunday. Having about oue- teuth of a Christian nation's wealth set aside for tbeir especial behoof, we see no reason why these reverend gentlemen should not give their goapol to the people free. They are perfectly certain, tbe people will have to pay for it. It may be a little Pharisaical to do the work on the Sunday and take pay for it only, on tbe Monday ; it may not be either so popular or so respectable in tbe poor Spiritualists to take tbeir pay as they go, and trust to the worth of what tbey give for tbe value they receive. Tbey are quite aware no such standard of payment would satisfy Christian occlcsiosiics, nor do I believe tbey would find it par quite as well as the snug benefices which their piety dots not prevent their pro fiting by. In the meantime I bave no fault to find with Mr. Green for criticising audi of my lectures as be has heard anything about ; ail I would ask i>, tbat wbeu he next at tempts to review me be shall make himself thoroughly acquainted with bis cause of attack ; above all, thai he shall try to fight me with better weapons than the ghosts of dead arguments long siuce stain by the rhetoric of his late opponent. Mr. Tbos. Walker.— Yonrs. A-p EMMA HAHDINGE BRITTEN. 