OCR NEW RAILWAYS. Messrs Fishbnra and Morton, the contractors for the Springs and Wabgunyah railway, are making rapid progress with the work. The travelling reporter of The Leader states that nearly the whole of the earth-works are completed, ballasting has begun at Rutherglen, and at the Springs plate-laying has commenced. The contract time for completion is the end of January, but if any inducements were offered by the Government the line could easily be opened by the end of the year. The wool season has now fairly set in, and this road from Wahgunyah to Springs id busy with heavily loaded horse and bullock teams from the Billabong and Murrumbidgoe. The following progress report of the foreman of the survey party on the proposed railway line from Donald to Wentworth will be interesting, showing as it does the great difficulties which the party have to contend with in the prosecution of the work of cuttingthe track :—"Mallee Scrub, 25th August. To the Engineer-in- Chief.—Sir,—I have extended the track for the month a further distance of fourteen miles, making a total distance of fifty - four miles-from Watcham. I am very short of water, not having come across any open country on the line more than a mile in all since you were here, the largest plain not being more than twelve chains in length. There are sandhills running across the track every half mile, and these hills are covered with mallee scrub and porcupine grass. The latter is ex ceedingly prickly, and cannot be touched, as it is as sharp as needles. It is in some places as high as four feet, and we have to burn it down whilst we have to cut the scrub. I am afraid my horse will knock up if anothor horse is not sent to assist him, as the work is too much for one. The men are all in good health. From the top of the highest pine tree nothing but mallee country can be sesn all round. We have only seen one sheep on the whole line, and that was a. wild one. We have to get our provisions from Donald, a distance of seventy-four miles. I will have to walk to Merton to post this, and then on to Donald, making a distance of seventy- four miles each way." A lad named Willis was accidentally drowned in the Yarra on Tuesday. He was playing with two companions on the bank of the river, near the Pr&hran; bridge, and missing his footing, fell into the river. The three boys were playing truant from school. Information having been conveyed to the )lice, the river was dragged, but up to a £ te hour last night the body had not been recovered. The Melbourne correspondent of some of the country papers states:—I hear that the ghost nuisance is again prevalent in some of the suburbs. Prahraa being more especially annoyed by some [cruel and cowardly idiot, who, dressed in a white sheet; finds " amusement"—which one would scarcely fancy could be congenial to even the lowest and nervous persons and children" in secludef spots at night. It is said that, only a few days ago, the daughter of a respectable resident of Prahran was so frightened by this wretch that she has since remained completely prostrated by the nervous shock received. PeAaps a patrol ol stout Prahranites, armed with stout sticks, and the intention of using them freely on any pretended " supernatural" visitant, would soon "lay" the spirit most effectually. A maa named Koa-eh, a resident of Tatura, near the Goulburn, died a few days sincc from injuries received from being thrown from his horse. The Waranga- <Jhrmw3e stales that the deceased leaves behind him, it is Slid, npwarde|<>f sixty descendants. It is rather a singular coincidence that Queen Mercedes of Spain died in the same room as King Alfonso was born. A return has been issued giving Idle total consumption of sugar in breweries in Great Britain for the year which ended September 30, 1877. The quantity consumed in London during that period was 30,362,0651b, and in the provinces 54,521,6011b. In Scotland 549.8611b was vised, and in Ireland S,075,0211b. Altogether 90,509,4491b was consumed. The Kiel Court of Inquiry acquitted of blame the men who were at the helm of the Konig Wilhelm at the time of the disaster with the Germas ironclad Grosser Kurfurst. JL man named David Hallinan was arrested on "fnesday at the Little Biver, by Mountedconstable Finlayson, on a charge of having, attempted to commit a capital offence on a woman named Bridget M'Mahon, residing at Bulban. It appears, according to Hie statement of tie woman, who is a widow with five children, that the prisoner went to her house on Monday evening and took liberties •witii her; and being frustrated in that attempt threatened to attack her daughter. He rushed into the children's bedroom, where Mrs M'Mahon's daughter was lying. The girl screamed lustily, and Mrs M'Mahon managed to drag the prisoner out of the bedmom and to turn him outside. Early this morning information was given to the police, and the prisoner was arrested while on the road to ł£e railway station. Hallinan asserts that he nerer took any ITberties wia either Mm M'iWioi jbr Jrer idaughter, and flat the 