i CHAPTER XXX:/; Tnii first thing* '-Tom heard tin Friday inorn | in# WUB a glad piccoof nowa- Judge Thatcher's family hud comeback to town tho night before. Both Injun Joe wiid the trwifluro Hunk into secondary importuaco'for a moment; mid'.Becky took the chief place in thb'boy's iiitcrcHt. llo saw hur, and they had. im exhiiurtling good time playing " hi spy'' ithd..'"giillyrkeepur with a crowd of their schoolmates."The day was completed lind crowned in'ft peculiarly satisfactory way. Becky teased her mother to appoint tho noxfc day for tho long-promised and long-delayed picnic, and alio consented. Tho child's delight was boundless, and Tom's not more'moderate.- The invitations woro sont out before suuset, and straiglitway the young folks ot tho village were thrown into k fever of preparation and pleasurable anticipation. Totn's excitement enabled him to keep awako until a pretty late hour, and ho had good hopes <of hoaxing Huck's "meow," and of having his . treasure to astonish Becky arid the picnicers with next day; but he was disappointed. No' signal oamo that night. *. Morning carao eventually, and by . ten or .eleven o'clock, a giddy and rollicking company -were gathered at Judge Thatcher's, and every thing was ready for a start. It was not the -custom for elderly people to mar picnics with .?their presence. The children were considered safo onough -under'the wings of a few young ladies of eighteen, and a few young gentlemen .of twenty-three or thereabouts. The old flteam ferry-boat wus chartered for the occa sion. Presently tho gay throng filled up the main .?street laden with provision baskets. Sid was sick and had to miss tho fun; Mary remained at.homo to entertain him. The last thing Mrs. Thatcher said to Becky was: \- "You'll not get back till late. Perhaps you'd better stay all night with some of. the girls that livo near the ferry lauding, child." ; "Then I'll stay with Susy Harper,*mamma." ^ Very well. And mind you behave yourself, and don't be any trouble."* ? ProBcntlyj as they tripped along, Tom said to Becky: . /- -v-v.: ; ' ^ Say-I'll toll youwhat we'll do.-. ?Stead ; of going to Joo Harper's," we'll climb right up ' tho hill and stop at Widow Douglas's; 'She'll havo ice-cream! -She has inmost ovory day- ! dead loads of it. And she'll bo awful glad to havo us/' ? ? ? . " Oh "that will bo funt'V : . ' :.-Thon Becky reflected a moment; :uid said : , " But what will mamma say ?" . . " How'll she ever know ?" - The.girl , turned tho idea ovur in her mind, i and saidrreluctantly:* * 1 / .'./ ' I " I reckon it's wrongs-Vat-1" c<But; shucks! . Your mother won't know, and so what's the h»inn ? All she wants is \ that you'll be safe; fend I bet 3'oushe'd a said go there if she'd.& thought "of it. I-know'she would!" - . ' ; The Wid^\v Douglas's, splendid hospitality waB a tempting bait. It. aud Tom's persua sions pr-aently carried the day. So it was decided to say' nothing to anybody about the sight's programme.' . Proseritly it occurred to Tom that maybe Huck might, come; this very night and give the bignal. Tho thought took a good deal of tho spirit out of his anticipations; Still he .could not bear tV give up the';furi at Widow Douglas's.*; 'And why should he'give it up,'he. reasoned-the signal did not come the night; before, so' why should; it beany^ more likely.to oomo to-night ? The sure fun of the evening outweighed; the uncertain treasure and, .boy like; he determined: to yield s to"' the stronger inclination and not allow; himself to think of the box of money another time* that, day. . - f 1 - ; . Threo...miles below town tho ferry-boat stopped at. the mouth of a woody hollow and .tied up. ,:The crowd swarmed ashore, and soon . the.forest distances and craggy Jheights echoed . far and near with shoutings and laughter. AU tho different wnys of getting hot and tired were gone through with, and by and by the rovers straggled back to camp .fortified with responsible appetites, and then the destruction ..of tho good things beijan. After the feast ?tborowas a refreshing season of rest and chat in tho shade of spreading oaks' Bv-and-by ?omebody shoutod: ' - i Who's ready for tho cavo?" . > Everybody was. Bundles of candles wero produced, and straightway thero was a general scamper up tho hill. Tho mouth of the cavo .was high up tho hillside, au opening shaped like tho letter A. Its mtissive oaken door stood Unbarred. Within was a small chamber, chilly . «ia an ico-housc, and walled b£ Nature with Solid limestone that was dowy with a cold sweat. It was romantic and mysterious to stand hero in tho doep gloom and look out upon tho jrruun valley shimug in the Run. But tho imprusfiivencss of tho situation quickly woro ..off, and tho romping bogan again. Tho mo ment a candlo was lighted, thuro wus a general i rush upon tho ownor of it; a strugglo and a .gallunt dofcnco followed, but tho candlo was. soon knocked down or blown out, oud then tbeto was'.a. glad clamour, of laughter and a now chaso. Bnt all things-havo au end. Bv autl-by tho procession went filing down the .stcop dcscent of tho umin avenuo, tho flicker ing rank of lights dimly rovcjiling tho lofty Walls of rook almost to their point of junction ; sixty foot ovorhoad. This main avenue was not more than oight or ten ftot wide. Every few steps othor lofty and still narrower cre vices branched from it on cither hand, for Til'Dom^nl's cavo was but a vast labrynth of crooked aisles that ran into each othor and out . again and lod nowhore. It was said that ono , might wander .days and nights togetlior thtough its intricato tunglo of lifts and oha*m» and never find tho end ot tho cavo; and that . ho might go down and down, and still down into: tho, earth, and it wns junt thosamo-. labyrinth underneath labyrinth, and no end to any of them. No man " know'* tho cavo.. That was an'impossible thing. Most of the young inen know u portion of it,> and it wns not customary . to venture much beyond thin -known portion. Tom Sawyer know as much of tho cavo as anyone. Iho procession moved along the.main nvcnuu so mo three' quarters of a mile, and thou groups ' and couples began- to slip aside into branch Hvenues, fly along tho dismal, corridors and tako each othor. by surprise at points whoro . .tho corridor* joined again. . Parties wero able lo oludo oaoh other for tho spueo of, half an hour without going boyond tho known ground. By-and-by, ono group after anothor eamo ^trngglinfF back to tho mouth of tho cavo, panimg, hilarious, smeared from head to foot with tallow drippings, daubed with clay, and entirely delighted with the success of the day. ihea they wore astonished to find that they had been taking ho note of timu, and that night was about at hand., The clanging bell bad been calling for half an hour. However, this sort of close of the day's adventures was 'ro mantic and therefore satisfactory. When the ferryrboat with her wild frieght pushed into the stream, nobody cared Bixpenco for. the wasted time but the captain of the craft. Huck twas already upon his watch when'the ferry-boat's lights ware glinting past the wharf. Ho heard no noise on board, for the young people wore as subdued and still as people usually are who are nearly tired to death. He wondered what boat it was, and why she did not stop, at the wharf-and then he dropped her out of his mind and put his attention upon his business. The night was growing cloudy and dark. Ton o'clock came, and the noise*of vehicles ceased, scatteted lights began to wink out, all straggling foot-passengers disappeared, the village betook itself to its slumbers and left tho small watcher alone with tho silence and the ghosts. Eleven o'clock came, and the tavern lights were put out; darkness every where, now. Huck waited what seemed a weary long time, but nothing happened. His faith was weakening. Was there any use? Was there really any use? . Why not give it up and turn in ? A noise fell upon his ear. He was all attention in an instant. The alley door closed Boftly. Ho sprang to the corner of the brick store. The next .moment .two men brushed by him, and one seemed to have something under his arm. It must be that box! 80 they were going to remove the troasure. Why call Tom now It would be absurd-the men would gel away with the box and never be found again. No, he would stick to their wake and follow them; he would trust to the darkness 'for security, from discovery. So communing witli himself, Huck stepped' out and glided along behind the men, cat-like, with bare feet, allowing them to keep juBt far enough ahead not to be invisible. They moved up the river street three blocks, then turned to the left up a cross street. They went straight' ahead, then, until thoy came to the path that led up Cardiff Hill; this they took. They passed by the old Welshman's house, half way up the hill without hesitating, and still climbed upward. Good, thought Huck, they will bury it in the old quarry. But they never stopped at the quarry. They passed on, up the summit. They plunged into the narrow path between the tall sumach bushes, arid were at once hidden in the gloom. 'Huck .closed up and shortened his distance, now, for they would never be able to see him. He trotted along awhile: then slackened his pace, fearing he was' gaining* too fast f moved on a piece, then stopped altogether; listened; no sound; none, save that he seemed to hear the beating of his own heart. The hooting of an owl came from over the hill-'ominous sound! But no footsteps. Heavens, was everything lost? He was about - to spring with winged feet, whon a man cleared his throat not fqur feet from him! Huck'e heart shot into his throat, but he swallowed it again; and then he stood there shaking as if a dozen agues had taken charge of him all at once,'and so weak that'he thought he must surely fall to the . ground. He knew where he was. He knew lie was within'five steps of the stile leading into Widow Douglas's grounds. "Very well,", he thought', " let them bury it there; it won't be hard to find." ;l Now there was a lowvoice-a very low voice -Injun Joe's: '* \ " Damn frerj- maybe she'sgofc company-7 there's lights, lafcB as it'ii." , "I can't(see any/'-f - ^t » .This was,that stranger's ypice-the stranger of the haurited:;house. ;^A deadly ohill went to Huck'sheart-this,'then,was tho "revenge!' job! His thought was"to fly. Then he remem bered that the' Widow Dougls had been kind to him more than once, and muybe^ these men were. going to ' inuider her. He'wished he 'dared venture to .warn her; but heknetr he didn't dare-they might.come and catch him. He thought all this and more in tho moment that elapsed between the stranger's remark and .Injun Joe's next-which was t . ,* :'V'( : "Because the bush is in.your wari . Nowrf thiB way-now you see/don't you?.' 1 ' i . ; / " Yed.', . Well,thero . is company there, I reckon.,, Better givo it.up.'' V; ~ - ] .'-Give it up, and ljjust leaving this country for everGiye it up,;and maybo never iiave another chance; I tell you again,- as I'vb told ; you before|' I. dou't care for hor swag-you mayhavb'it. But'herhusband wasrough on ino-^many,'; times h p": was rough on me-~aiid inainlv "he was tho' justico of. the peaco that iugged'mo.for a vagrant. And th'at ain't all! It' ain't the millionth part of it! He had ine horsewhipped!-horsewhipped in front ofth'e gaol like a nigger.!-with' all. the town looking on! Horsewhipped!-do ycu ^understand ? He t'oek advantage of me and died. But I'll ta'*e it out'of her !" * . . ; . "v-i " Oh, don't kill her. Don't do that?" V " "Kill? . Who said anything abbut killing? I wpuld kill him if. he was here; but not her.. When you want to got rovengo -on.a woman you don't kill her-bosh I you go for her looks, Vou slit her nostrils-you notch her ears like a sow's!" .; . . " By God, that's-" . " Ju»op your opinion to yourself! It. will bo safest for vou. I'll.tie her to tho bed. If sho bleeds to death, is that my fault? I'll not cry if sho does: My friend, you'll liolp mo in this thing-for my suko-that's why you'ro hero I mightn't'be able alone.; If you flinch Til kill vou! Do you understand that? And if I liave" to kill yon,Ikill her-and then I.reckon nobody'll over know'much about who dono this business " Well; if it's got to bo'done, lot's get at it. -Tho quieker -the bettor-I'm all.in a shiver." ; . "Do it now?-and company there? Look here-I'll get suspioious of you, first thing, you kuow. No, we'll wait till tho lights aro out -thoro's no hurry." .. . % . ' Huck felt that a silenco was going to ensuo -a thing still more awful thau any amount of murderous talk; so ho held his breath and stepped, gingerly back; planted his foot care-i fully und firmly, after balancing, one-logged, in a precarious way and 'almost toppling over, first on one side and thon : on the othor. He' took another Btep back with the same elabora tion and the same riska; then.another and another, and a t.wig snapped uudcr his foot! His breath stopped and he listened. There was no sound-the stillness was perfect. His gratitude was measureless. Now he turned in his traoks between the walls of sumach bushes' -turned himself as caretully as if he, were .a ship-and then stepped quickly bat cautiously along. When he emerged at the quarry he felt secure, bo he picked up his nimble HhcIs and flew. Down, down he sped till he rcached the "Wolshman'o. He banged at the#door, and presently the heads of the old man and his two .stalwart sons were throat from windows. " What's the row there?. Who'B banging? What do you want?" " Let me in-quick! I'll tell everything." '. Why, who are you ?" - 41 Huckleberry Finn--quick, let me in I'1 . "Huckleberry,Finn, indeed!/ It ain't a name, to open many doors, I judge." But let him in, lads, and let's see what's the trouble." "Please!, don't ever tell I told .youj"-were: Huck* ' first words when he got in. . Please don't-T-I'd .'be killed sure-but the widowV been good to me sometimes, and I want to tell -I will tell you if you'll promise you won't ever say it WHS me." ; " By Goorge he has got somothing to tell, or he wouldn't act so;" exclaimed theoldtnan.; Out with it, and nobody here'll* ever tell, hud/': .Three minutes later, the old man and his', sons, well armed, were up the hill, and just, entering the sumach path on tiptoej their wea pons in their hands. Huck accompanied thnnr no further. He hid behind a great boulder and fell to listening. There was a lagging, anxious silence, and then all of a sudden thero was an explosion of firearms and a cry. Huck waited for no particulars. He sprang away and Bped down the hill as fast as his legs could carry him. ...... (To b& continued.) 