HUNTING. THE ADELAIDE HOUNDS. Saturday, Aug. 10, was a favourable day for a cross-country spin, and there was a large atten dance of members of the Adelaide Hunt and others on horseback and on wheels at the meet at Fulham. They responded to an invitation of Mr. Blackler, and after a stirrup-cup with him went away on the' real business of the afternoon. We noticed at the start the Master on Sheet Anchor, Mr. R. Colley on Smoker, Mr. Morphett on The Ghost, Mr. Bake well onHighover, Tom Barr Smith on Unknown, Mr. Bickford on Vanguard, Mr. Parr on Glencoe, Mr. Moore on Ganyowen, Mr. Lee on Frank Hewitt, Mr. T. Wigley on Sydney, Mr.R. Turner on Meteor, Mr. Pegler on Fosileer, Mr. Spicer on Flirt, Mr. fBeauchamp on Warrior, Mr. A. J. Baker on Lady, and one or two other mounts, and hoys on Sarchedon, Lightfoot, and Benicia Boy. The start was, as we have said, at Mr. Blackler's, and the direction was over the Reedbeds-road, then east, then north over the same road. Next after traversing the Lockleys Racecourse Mr. Blackler's land was entered again, the wind-up taking place in his paddock. The run was a very good one, and some of the fences of the stiffeet. Sarchedon did anything hut well; we don't think he got over the third fence. Frank Hewitt was not in the humour, while Sydney did not perform welL The Ghost went very fairly op to the last fence, where he fell, and Meteor also came down. There were in at the death The Master Messrs. Oolley, Bake well, Bic&ford;, Parr, Moore, and Beauchamp. The meet on Saturday, Aug. 17, was at Oamp belltown, and as the weather was of the mode rate sort there was a good gathering, both in the pink and out of it and on wheels. The start was made at Campbelltown, and the direction taken was through Messrs. Mildred's and Cos ford's property and across into Mr. Ross Reid's, then oat by Mr. Jack's. A check of 20 minutes then occurred, mid then after a run over Mr. F. Fox's property the straight-goers finished up at the Reservoir Hotel. The run was an enjoy able one, over pretty good country. 