\- TIN. The steamer Avon, which arrived fromi the'N.E. Coast early yesterday; mornMinsk, brought '645 bags tin- ore :-Frone 78, 90 34, Clyde 20, PP 10,' B130 3, Iris 11$, 0S 15, KBRH 80, BB Co.'No: 110, !ditto So; 2 2, 'ditto No. 3 4', Main Croek' 24, Southern Cross 18, Stolla 12, MPW 18, Pounionu 18, U Tribute 17, Natide Youth 111, VVold 27.) - The ateamor'Dereont. ill '.iak toEday alout '40 tons of tin 'shipped by'th6 M.B. T.?Co., ,inocludinp a special. elhipment oI two tons of.141b eingots intended'for the' Melbourne maxket... The steamei Devon, which arrived on Saturday ,last, brought 36 tens' tin ore from tho ?t. Bischoff Co.'s claim.. i: , 1 Mesers Gardner and M'Konzio shipped by tlhe ..Tamboroora on t Saturday ;for, Sydney, 2980 ingots of tin, weighing 101 tons, and valuod at £56000,: allof; which has eoon smelted at the Tasmanian Smelt. uhka Brks. home.--Our Brandboln correspondent writes under idate, the: 8th inst. that the output for the week endhd• Pthepreviousbdaj wae'4 tdns; which ra's cdnsldered up td the veorage. Thbs wee' therw s,very ine.. - .. Rosal.-A lette receive'd from r George Ma~aning,. the manager, dated Piean i'River, August']7, state' tliat there erere two tons of ore lying there, ahd that they' were in a position to got a grdat deal.more as soon as tile weather pormit's operatiouds' being. arribd' dn , irain havihg been falling for 'over a forthigh,. :'Djs. sheiu t pi o eoti rfthe company were good, iini'fct; al that ceuld ,be deesired:; fine weather. 'ws a they wanted. -Meroury. l d Varatah.---Mi'Alex. Healop, under date the llth inst. wrote that the progress made in the shaft for the previous fort night was five feet making a total of 13 feet from-the ourface; and 143feet fret the brace. A bar of hard glassy saortl grained country came in, with an increase of water, that lithofracteur only made any impression upon, and this had necesitated extra work at the brace and at the black. smith's shop. The dead water in the drives had been drained. Three shifts were iemployed in the shaft. The cross. cut and drive had been discontinued, a the one-had greatly.interfered with the working of the other. The former had been extended two feetrand the latter as reported previously; this made a tote1 of 30 feet in the cross-cut, and 23 feet i the drive. , : ! Froime.--Mr Grant. telegraphed on Sagtirday, that the output for the fortnight was 11 tons;, at aan 'expense' of £17i Writing on. theellth, he stated that he" had, started a box ih No. 5 face, and finding the returns 'from the river' bed favorable, kept it going,' and so far, the yield had been maintained. , On the 10th there was: another fresh . in- the river,. consequent upon a day's a rin; 'no dmaegs iorthy of 'mienion hEod"'bsen caused. Mr Grant,' mining 'imanager, writes' to the' editor' of,,,thi"'journal undeT date the 10th instant, in explanation of a~ report concerning the claim which a peored in our issue of the 4th instant,' in which.we said" he had purposely under' estimated the ore on hand." . Mr Graent says--"In making out my woekly,.eport, I make an estimate of, the week's yield, calculated from the ratio of 'the prerioui month."' As the claim tinder my chargs h' very extensive, and. there are three dise tinct dressing floors, it is impos'ible t; ascertain the net yield of each face up to the date of writing. =: therefore npte the number of handbarrows of ore turned out: by each sluice box daily, and from the weight of clean ore obtained' during the, month, I. ascertain -exactly, what each: face produces. Dividing the weight by thea number of barrows, I obtain data for) estimating the yield daily for the month to come.This also indicates who are the best' eluicers, as I have found the ratio range, from 1'34 cwt. to 2-17 cwt. As the ore varies a good deal in character in different' 'parts of the workings, the ratio varies accordingly, and this renders the weekly eatimatess only approximately correct. Through this cause, and the sluicera find. 'ing that increased skill and attention were appreciated, the rate per barrow has been: much higher last'month than previously, 'and 1 could 'see 'by the packing return that 1 was raising more tin than I cateou lated.': As, however, a considerable quan. tity: was fine ore, which 'requires special treatment;, I could not t be certain what was the exact yield till I had cleaned up for the month. ,I now find that the yield for the fortnight ending August 30 is fully; 14 tons 10 owt., instead of 12 tone llcit.' As ashowing the glorious uncertainty of mining,iNo. 4 face,.. which ran very poor, last month, too 'poor,iin some places for putting through the box, seems like turn. Lag over a now leaf, and in,tbe very last corner excavated leftoff at aboit a pound, weight to the shovelful. I was gonig to stop one of the other faces some time ago for the same reason, but finding the men lhad commenced a fresh paddock I gave it I another trial,'and from that time it began to improve, and is now the' second beet l fae. have got.". ' i,. ' : ' The half.yearly meeting of shareholders of this Company, was held at Mr Corrie's ofice, St John-stieet, on Saturday after. noon. After. some routine' business had been transacted, then eetingwaeadjourned until to-morrow week. I OLOUno's WooL MART.-M3fosrs J. II, Olough and Co., of Meolbourne, whose extensive and- commodioua wool ware. hs ouses are the wonder and admiration of r visitors to that city, announce'thattheyaoe I ready for the reception and exhibition of e wool for sale either in .Melbourne "or London, and that they willinake liberal cash advances on,the same. They have 1 appointed Mr John Cape, an old and well. I known resident,' to' be' their 'agent in Launceston. ' Acorur. - A man named' James Francis'was, admitted to the Hospital on Saturday afternoon" suffering from the 'oflbhts of .of fall fronim aload 'of hay, by Swhich he broke three ribs. Hie was at once'attdridod to by Dr Murphy, andhue is i now doing well. ' .. Mrsoeormxea-'a-, Tlie-"Ciijiil'Clorkof Doloraineintiniatesth~atproceedings willbe takeni for thi recovery of unpaid rates after 25th inst.-In a local in' our last issue referring to Mrs Pollard's class,' the words " Mins Pollard"'were piriited in error. SUDDEN DEATH. -Miss Agnes Simpson, daughter of C.D.C. Simpson, late of George Town, was recently admitted to the Laun ceston Hospital suffering from apparently at first; diphtheria and. phlegmonous ery sipelas, from both of which she had ap parently recovered; but whilst talking to her brother on Saturday afternoon, who had come to visit her, she suddenly fell back dead. Dr. Murphy who was im mediately in attendaince attributed the cause of death to paralysis of the heart a by no means unusual occurrence. . "A D???suRpLTAor.--An outrage of a f 'diabolical ntiiro' was perpetratod early on Satu'rday morning, ii Mr Edwirdee' stone yard, at the 'cornerdt' 'Canmeron and George.streeta,:wheroby: ?property, to the value' of at least'£80 or £00 was?rutlilbussly f destroyed, but, as we believe that stps are being taken to brinig therguilty parties to justice,. wea.forbear.at present from further comment upon the matter; . ' CONcRTIAT LouosoDan,A. Ao?eert will be given ;by'. bl. Christ .'Cl Choral Union in the 'chdeoolrooinat L~n~'gford, to morrow evening. r- Iel.--rgson will act das condctor.: · · :P:L' IrANT :I Moanst.-We'nslisd all who have not yet hlad'in opportrinitfif h?ohr:' lng 'this young artist that he gevos a mntinee at the M''seAnins' 'Intitute to.: moridw afternoon. ,uMustoaI.-.Madame Carlotta Tasca, the celebrated piianiste,, w '.pas ssenger by the Mangana. yesterlay, from Melbournee. She was accompanied iby'ler huahband,'Mr lfred Plumpton,' a musical composerof eome distloetion i Mdlb;& Rosali:Mory; an accomplished sopranbmo "'fromnthe Opera House, Berlin; anid' Mr Jgnie,"Edwtrd Down, wh6 is dgscribed "as a r:iemrkably good' tenor. 'Th'ose"?'eterprisia g eetre poe?leyrs, M1esers Horroeka ad Haymen, well-known through their cos'nectien with the Kolly med Leon Minstrels, are the managers,, and tie oeinpany will appear at thle. Mechanica'. Inetetuto for 'a short seaon of three nights 'only, commencing 'dori Wdensday next. It. will ei'oticed that, th maina'gonenident :'.have adopted po'iulir prices (Is, 2s, 'iiid Is) and when it is considered the great attricltionheld out we may: confidently 'predi' a mst suo0 eosafdtil soason. A ge 'piantato Mddamo Taebh hosea ' worldw e roputitiion"and hor ?performanoes do the'hIntrument in the' colbnies have'beezn' slolkd 'of by' t?e pres'in termnas'of the lhighost prai while her playing with" the left 'hed.only has biein characterisld:'b"i wiide'rfil l.' i;', Pluinptoh Is a baritdie"' ingdir as 'Waell as' a comnposer. ~Vith such an asrri'ef talent, Launcesmonlanis tliereforo will have a rare treat" iiext'"rWednieiay, Thursday, and .ridnaP3ro~veidbi. dQuAT5Cu- Satodiiaya the day fixed orthe match between Messenger and Lay ock whichwasfor £100 ide,and the same e as Rush and Trickett pulled for .championship last year-on the Parra tta River, and about three. miles and half We have been informed that the S"was won by Messenger, who was poll in a new English outrigger by waddle and Winsbip, and is a son of the esr champion of England,' and lately ted J. . Christie on theiYarra;, hen we published somen particulars re ing his career. The 'victor, it was nderstood, is to throw down the gauntlet the champion, Trickett, who, we tice, is to pull another race with his old tngonist Rush-both to use fixed seats. Naw RAILWAY ElanCoes-The Trebuke tates that the three newv locomotives re etly imported by the T. ?M L. R. Co. ave Ibeen specially designed for the ompany by the Chief Locomotive Su rintendent of the South Indian'iRail y, also a 3ft Gin 'gauge line, and were aufactured by the well-known locomo vs builders, Messrs Neilson and Co., of lagow. An additional supply of new eenger carriages and waggons," also pecially designed for the -lain Line silway, are now under construction, and will shortly be shipped from England. BissorePIIORNE PLOUGHINGr ASSOCIor nor .--With reference to the decision in the Champion Class, 'we may state that the judges considered Pearn's' work the est by six points; but being' wrong in is measurement- sight the prize 'fell to reeland, who thus 'won by two points. it the evening, at the Bush: Inn, the ommittee and their friends, 'numbering tween 60 and 70, sat down to a capital proud provided by Mr Lawson. Mr bert Hall occupied theo'chair,' and Mr SMl'Bain as vace chairman," and 'the rize cups were conspicuously displayed a the table, The usual loyal and other touts were-proposed and 'duly honored; nd altogether a pleasant: evening was pent A very useful suggestion was de by the Chairman, and one that we opo will be adopted, viz:, •that' three embers should be chosen 'from each of he Bishopabourne, Hagley, Oaks, and reesy committees, and that 'they should eat and frame regulations' for'all the loughing matches in northern Tasmania. ho suggestion was received with great avor, and nearly all: present agreed in ndemning the rules which had been in ore at the late match. ' " . FATHER D99S CORESNAs.-This gentle. n, who has been holding a mission in esmania for some time past, is announced o open a series of services at Campbell own this evening, whichl will continue Sunday next. There will be services very forenoon and evening' during that time. Evn?,oAL.-A correspondent writes:- 'A public meeting in connection with the ood Templar Lodge was held on Friday Bening last in the Council Chamber, at hich a large and attentive audience as. smbled. Mr R..H. Douglas was too ill attend the meeting, and, therefore, Mr Turner, of Launceston, occupied the hair. Eight or ten' gentlemen 'fromi unceston were present, among them r \Yoodgate, who gave two flute solos ery much to the .aatisfaction of those t resent. The choir connected with the, Osbyterian Church rendered efllicient' id by discoursing (very sweetly) selec-: mone from Sankey's sanred songs. Mr tsthorn read a selection from Gough, ad Mr Babington a speech delivered by V. Canon Wilberforce at Lambeth elace. Mr Mann delivered a recitation ith considerable effect,: Mesairs Lamond gentleman from Victoria) and Stephense from Launceston) delivered earnest, ndlling addresses, which secured intense terest. The meeting closed by votes of inaks, and the deputation were regaled ib refreshments, leaving for town about 1 o'clock.' " BATTLE WITH A NATIVE HYENA. - Our Branxholm correspondent writes . - One day last week Mrs. Beswick, who resides about a mile from the Brothers' Home, was a short distance from her house. Hearing a noise in the direction of the house she proceeded thither, and to her surprise found her three children (the oldest about ten years of age) had been in war with a native hyena. It appears the children went into the fowl house, and there was his royal highness. They shut the door and the battle commenced. You may guess what a scrimmage there was. The animal made a dart for the face of one of the children; when the boy, only about five years old, pluckily laid hold of it by the tail and held it while his sisters pegged away at it and killed it. It certainly was a courageous act for one so young, and considering the savage nature of the animal. WEST COAST.-Our Circular Head cor- respondent, writing on Wednesday, says : Three more travellers, Messrs Castray id Wilson, have arrived overland from lucqoarie Harbor and the' Pieman River lng the coast, and are staying here for I he Devon to proceed: to Launceston i route to Hobart Town, but' intend re urning again. They speak well of 'the '1 eepects of the tin mines, and consider he country to be highly auriferonus and vo brought up some speelmens.' They scw the \Velcome Home between Whale s ud ased Saudy .Cape,- and, she ,would rtainly be off the Pemnan'that'night. e anchor of the'bark'Rebecca, wrecked oame years back from Glasgow.to Sydney, t en observed on a rook, but nothing else 1 elonging to the ill-fated ship. oCns' of I he gentlemen just returned has estab ihed a store at MIacquarie Harbor, hay; a. originally left Hobart Towns by at sg vessel, and reached the place in lour days. - ° . t lloukR TowN VOLUNTEER AR?rTLLEnY. -About 160 of the Artillery corpsemet at the drill-room, Macquario-street, on ulday evening; says theMerctrej.' After the orders had been 'read out,, Captaiti wther stated that Gunner Pemberton, a had bet n guilty of insulhaidination ? the occasion of the recent Volhnteer Artillery Ball, had spolugised to •the ?iem, and had paid the line inflicted.: Ouiner Neall having failed to apologies: 05 a similar micdndoct, or' to pay tie unslty in which he+ had been meltedd rndard of elaicendycand i'clpline is to Smaintained, thlese acts of insubordina. t00 to olilcers:' should receive severe mlnition, and itis hopoda salutary check' iii be. the result of the action taken in this matter . ..: al m o iu ' 31 rsoe al lers' usesu 'Snov.- " ,x rent iro ghost he balioved by some perasos tolaunt a houusewhichalhasbenun-. hoanted po ,,the time inJohnson.ntrcet,'l Sfownightc incet a raidsnt of uur i w, happeniuogto pass' the :particular o-aty ter ichtfall, was horrified by |apePearanc of a' fguro i 'hite, which/ OBstoed, pluced its hands upon is knees ?d groaned dredfully. The said residdnt ?nn°? w tay te interrogate; the' p sculin e Ugn s to the moening of its nlia eonduet but oxorisod such un oanted vhelocit 6bf' movement that he OUd himselfl at his own door in an rx lrardi ail hort spaco of time.' It is t that lis hair resembled the 'quills lb0: the fretful poreipine' to an extent I ?t hod rt b hU'nd comb to make S 'numeit originol condition tntil the btee of noua aitation into'ihich he oad ben tlbrown .rthe apparition" had . "mtspp ru d,,'?- - 1 VuoE-RoGAL VISIT :TO TE B SALMON \- PpI Ns.-His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Colonel St Hill, Colonel F. D. Grey,:ar J. B. Davison, and two other English visitors to the colony, paid avisit on Friday to the Salmon Ponds at i New. Norfolk,, says the Tribune. They started by special train at 9 am. to Bridge water, from which point the steam launch Enterprise conveyed them to Sir Robert Officer's residence, and thence carriages were waiting to convey themto the Salmon Ponds: .Tho party were then joined by 1t. C. Read, Esq., of Redlands, and in spected: ,the :hatching grounds, where adeveral different lots of. spawn were in I arious stages of incubation. The party returned to Hobart Town in' the same manner in the afternoon. The engine which was attached to the special train 1eas the first of the three new locomotives which the Mai Line Railway Company have just imported by the Oleander, and which was under steam on that day for the first time. The trial was most satis factory in. every respect, all the parts working perfectly. ". THE as iowra .OF LONDO'.-An im portant return has just been issued by the Metropolitan Board of Works showing the "number of inhabited houses, popu ýation, and rateable annual value of the parishes and districts comprised within the metropolitan area in the years 1856 and 1870, or as near those dates as can be accurately stated." According to; this return it appears that the total rateable annual value has more than doubled itself within the twenty years. In 1856 the amount was £11,283,003, and in 1876 it was £23,111,313. The total number of inhabited houses has increased from 1306,086 in 1851 to 419,642 in 1871; but in this column a decrease is shown in respect of the city of London. The num ber of inhabited houses in the city in 1851 was 14,483, but in 1871 there were only 8230\. In 1850 the population of the metropolis was 2,333,406, and in 1871 it had increased to 3,266,087. These figures given in respect of the year 1871 are, of course, those of last census. This return has been issued in view of a possible re adjustment of the representation of the several. Vestries and District Boards at the Metropolitan Board of Works. DEATH oF VINCENT WALLACE'S SISTER. -The 8. Af. Herald, of August 29, says': -The death of MadameWallace Bushelle, which took place suddenly on the 16th instant, has removed from our midst one of our oldest and best-known, musicians. The deceased lady was the daughter of Mr Wallace, for many years bandmaster of the 20th or Queen's Own Regiment, and sister of the late Vincent Wallace, the eminent composer. The last named having received the appointment of organist at the Roman Catholic Church of Tlhurles, and teacher of music in the Rosaline Convent there, placed his sister under the charge of the Sisters of the convent. At ten years of age she was able to play diflicult airs on the violin, and possessed remarkable vocal ability. This talent she perseveringly cultivated, and those who remember Sydney some thirty-five years ago may roecollect her appearance at public concerts in company with her brother and Mr John Bushelle, the latter of whom she subsequently married. At the early age of 21 she became a widow, and returning to Europe with her brother, was engaged by Mea dolssohn to sing in the "Elijah" at Vienna. After fulfilling a series of engagements in Europe and America she again came to Australia about the year 1864, and settled here as a teacher of music. In this capacity she was remarkably succeasful; and, as a strict grammarian, her pupils were invariably turned out well grounded in the rudiments of the art. To her tui. tion . most of our accomplished lady amateurs are indebted for their skill as vocal musicians. Ill-health and the in firmities of age lately precluded her from following her profession, and hence her name has been little heard of in public. She died very suddenly in the end of some affection of the heart, at the ago of fifty-six. WVATsnroo.-Another and yet another of our Waterloo heroes have gone to their rest. On the 26th of last month one William Tutly- and again on the 9th of this month one Edward Williams-died at the Invalid Depot, Cascades. The former was said to be 87 years of ago, the latter 88; both assuredly well past the al lotted three score and ton years of man's existence. It is but a few years back that the stiff, sturdy form of " Old Ned" was to be soon .at Risdon Ferry, wherohe acted as; boatman;, 'and became almost a public character from his long services there. Many and many a hundred times' thorefore, had he safely crossed .the Dr: wont, and doubtless old Charon will as safely cross him'over the Styx in company, it may be, or otherwise, with. his brother soldier, 'who departed only ak fortnight before.', Such is life, and as with Sir John Moore when 'buried, '"Not adrum was heard, not a fu'ral note," So with the deceased may aptly be quoted Eliza Cook's lines- .. ... "No sable pall,'no waving plume,' No thousand torohlights to illume o e " o parting glance, no heavy tear ' Is seen to fall upon the bier," , As in the, grave they wore buried- AferCury. A TAsIrueax AT Hoae.-By the Imail news has been 'received that Mr C. J. Pike, son of the principal of'the City School, Hobart Town, has passed the first year's preliminary scientific examination at the London University, being placed in the' first class. Out' of upwards of 200 candidates who presented themselves at this examination only', 95 passed. 'Mr Pike, it will be remembered, es a Gilchrist scholar, and was granted £400 by Parlia mont as compensatian for the loss of a Tasmanian ascholarship.-Mercaury. SrTHoe HOBAIrT ToWN HBOSPIT SoAnOAL. -At the meeting of the Board on Friday, tie visiting committee brought up a re port with reference the recent improper burial scandaL. They stated,' says the Tribune,' that they had hold several meoet ings, each of ratherlong durationi investi gating the case. Seventeen witnesses were called and examined, but as the enquiry was not concluded, they deferred bringing up the result of their labors until a future date. "Dr. Brightfcalled the atterition of the board to tha 'complainta which had boer mido relative to the manmer in which bodies had beooi allowed to lie in the dead house. ,He said that undertakers, jury men, and others had referred to the fact that the, corpscs : were insauficiontly covered, one body' being perhaps hidden by a dirty cloth, whilst asother . would be 'qaite bare. It' is probable that by the next 'maeting of the tboard 'further light will be thrown upon the matter of the burials referred to, and 'that it will not turn out so unfavorably as some persona supposed.' : ,·uenor ArirhcriloNs rban hE Io afoss.AolI sullerine from Irritotion of the thatald hoane. a oesa wll be asreably surrised at the almost Immediate relief afforded by thu aseoe "Brown's ronchial Troclhs." Theose famous lo?eonget are now cld by most roeslotabie chemists at Is Ilcl per box. Peopls troubled vitl a "bucklen cough," "aslight mid," or broctnal affeetions, cannot try them too soen, a shladilar troubles, if ahlwowl to progress, result in sersoue pul·. monary mnd asthamatle affeetion. See that.th words "]]rown's Ironchial Troches" are on the loverqment stamp around esch boe-.Menu factored by JoalN L BuowIe & SsONs, olston, td tt e~.a D~epot43, Ouferd-street, Lon. doa-bdr;dt ,.. ,: !CozTo..-In 1860 the United States took 227,000,000 yards of British cotton goods. In 1877 we took only 61,000,000 yards. In the first year mentioned, Great Britain used half the whole cotton crop. of the world; last year she used only 3,017,000 bales, against 8,050,000 bales used elsewhere.. English manufac. turers explain: the relative falling off by the increase of capital elsewhere, and the ability of other nations to cope with them in power of .organization; and add that the race will be to the -frugal, the industrious and enduring. They might well have added also the honest; forthe credit of English makers has been sadly lowered in the East, and American com-. petition favored, by the excessive adul teration of English goods, aggravated by short measure. -En?lida paper.-? WAs.a OCnors IN FRANoe.-An estimate of the wheat crop in France, published by the'Eclwo Agricole, shbwe that the specific yield: has' been somewhat below that - of 1870,.Lbut the areaof the land devoted to wheat growing has been increased by more than 00,000 acres, so that the yield on the whole has been larger. The lowestreturn per acre is stated to be 56 and the highest 26} bushels. The total area of land under crop was 17,364,100 acres, and the aggro. gate yield 271,997,000 bushels. In some parts the ravages of the phylloxera have been so extensive as to have induced pro prietors of vineyards to destroy their vines and grow wheat instead ; not a very small protion of the increase of this acreage is attributable to this cause. 