LITERATURE Macleod of Dare.* CHAPTER XXXIV. THE UMPIRE. BY WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF "THE PRINCESS OF THULE," ETC. NEXT morning, with all this wonderful world of sea and islands shining in the early sunlight, Mr. White and his daughter were down by the shore, walking along the white sands, and chat- ting idly m they went. From time to time they looked aorom the fair summer seas to the distant cliff* of Bourg; and each time they looked a certain white speck seemed coming nearer. Hut was the Umpire; and Keith Macleod war on board of her. He had started at an unknown hour of the night to bring the yacht over from her anchorage. He Would nut hare hit beautiful < Fionaghal, who had com© as a stranger to these far lands, go back to Dare in a common open boat with stones for ballast . "This is the loneliest plaee I have ever seen," Miss Gertrude White was saying on this the third ' morning after her arrival. "It seems scarcely in the world at aIL The sea cuts you off from everything you know; it would hare been nothing if we had come by rail." They walked on in silence, the blue wave* beside them curling a crisp white on the smooth sands. . • ■•' . ■. " Pappy;' Baid she at length, " I suppose if I lived here for six months no one in England would leuninber anything about' me t if I were* mentioned at all, they would think I was dead. Perhaps some day I might meet some one from England ; and I would have to say, 'Don't you know who I am ? Did you never hear of one' called Gertrude White f I waft Gertrude White,'"' "No doubt," said her father, cautiously. -u ' "And When Mr. Lemuel's portrait of me appears in the Academy people would be saying, 1 Who is that! Miss Gertrude White as Juliet f Ah, there was an actress of that name. Or was she an amateur I She married somebody in the Highlands, I suppose she is dead now!'" "It is one of the moat gratifying instances, Gerty, of the position you-hare made," her. father observed, in hie slow and sententious way, "that Mr. Lemuel should be willing, after having refused to exhibit at the, Academy for so many year* to make an exception in the case of youportrait." . . ,- . . . i " Well, I hope my face will not get boned by the seewdjr tad the sbd," she said, ." Ton know he want! two of three more sitting*. And do you know, pappy* 1 »•*• •onuJttoeee thoaght oi asking ton to t«Uniehi»esUy— oottoeneoorage, me with flattery, yon know—whether my face ba*i really tfcah bigh-etrnng pitch of, expression when,: lam about to drink toe poiaoß in the cell. Do I really look tike Mr. Lemuel's portrait of me 1" " It ii your -very self, Oerty " her father said with decision. " Bufc tn,e> Mr. Lenuielii a man. of genius. Who but himself could have caught the very soul of your hating and fixed in on can rar ■ ■ She hesitated for a moment, and then there \ was a flush of genuine enthusiastic pride m»nt< linrrm her forehead as she «aid frankly— " Well; then I wish I obuld see myself 1" Mr. .White Mid nothing. He had, watched this daughter of his through* the long winter months. Occasionally, when he heard her titter sentiments suon as these —and when he saw her keenly sensitive to the flattery, bestowed upon her by the people assembled at Mr. Lemuel's little gatherings—he had asked hlniftelf whether it was possible she ■ could ever, marry Sir Keith Macleod. But he wa»too wise to risk re-awaken* ing her rebellious fits by any encouragement. In any case, he, had some experience of this young lady ; and what was. the use of combating one of her mopda at five o'clock, when'at six o'clock she would be arguing in "the contrary direotion, and at eaten convinced that the dm > media was the straight road ? Moreover, if the' worst came to. f he Woret, there would be some, compensation in the fact of Miss White ? l>n i*g''*g her name for that of Lady Macleod. Just as: quickly she changed her mood oti the present occasion., She was lookfag again far over the darkly>blue and ruffled sea towards the white-sailed yacht, : "He>muat have gone away in the dark to get that boat for us," said she, musingly. M Poor fellow, how very generous and kind lie is I Sometimes—shall I make the confession, pappy ? —I wish be-had picked out someone who could better hare returned hit warmth of feeling." She called it a .confession; but it was s question. And her father answered more bluntly than she had quite expected. > ■ "I am not much of an authority on inch point*," said he with a dry smile. "But I should have said, Gerty, that you have not been quite so effusive towards Sir Keith Maeieod as some young ladies would have been on meeting their sweetheart after a long absence." The pale face flushed, and she answered hastily— " But you know, papa, when you are knocked about from one' boat to another, and expecting to be ill one minute, and drowned the next, you don't have your temper improved, do you? And then perhaps you have been expecting a little too much romance -and you find your Highland chieftain handing down loaves, with all the people in the steamer staring at him. But 1 really mean to make it up to him, papa, if I could only get settled down for a day or two and get into my own ways. Ob, dear mel—this sun—it is too awfully dreadful. When I »ppear before Mr. Lemuel again, I shall be a mulatto I" And ae they walked along the shining sands, with the waves monotonously breaking, the white-sailed yacht came nearer and more near ; and indeed the old Umpire, broad-beamed and heavy as she was, looked quite stately and swan like as she came over the blue water. And they saw the gig lowered ; and the four oars keeping rhythmical time ; and presently they coaldmake out the browned and glad face of Macleod. * The right ot r*B«b__oc " Macleod of Ban" ia Qg-_-»j«>-£^b**M»*awh-»Mdfcytto ', " Why did you take so much trouble V said she to him— and she took bis hand in a very kind way mhe stepped on shore. "We could very weU have gone back in the boat" " Oh, but I want to take you round by Loch Tua," said he, looking with great gratitude into those friendly eyM. " And it wm no trouble st s_. And witt you step into tbe gig now V He took her hand and guided* her along the rocks untU she reached the boat; and he assisted her father too. Then they pushed off; and it ftaa with a good -swing the men sent the boat S rough the lapping Waves. And.here wm *.mish standing by tbe gangway to receive them; and he wm gravely respectful to the ttranger lady as he assisted her to get up the smaU wooden steps ; but there wm no Ught of welcome in 'the keen gray eyea. He quickly turned away from ber to give his orders; for Hamish was on this occasion skipper, and had donned a smart suit of blue with brass buttons, perhape he wonld' have beeu prouder of hia buttons, and of himself, and of the yacht he had MUed for so many year*, if it had been any other thsn Gertrude White Who had now stepped on board; ■ ; But on the other hand Miss White wm quite ' charmed With thia shapely vessel and aU ite Contents. If the frugal ways and commonplace •Jiuties and conversation of Castle Dare had aomewhat dUappointed her, and had, seemed to !ier not quite in aooordanoe with the heroic raditions of the cUns, here, at least, wm sotne* hing which ehe could recognise M befitting her notion of the name and positidh of Sir Keith Macleod. Surely it muat be with a certain masterful sense of possession that he would stand on thoM white decks, independent of sll world besides, with thote Sinewy, sun* browned, handsome fellows ready to go any* Where with him st hf* bidding t ! Presently she said, "Do you know, Keith, your yacht has a terrible bachelor look about it T AU the comforts of -it are in thU mloou and in thon two nice Uttle state-rooms. Your lady's cabin looks very empty ; it is too elegant and fine, m if you were afrtud to tear* a book or * matchbox in it Now, if you were to turn thu into a lady's yacht, you would hays to remove that pipe-rack, and the gun* and rifln and bags." "Oh," Said be sSxioiuly, MI hope you do not *an*U any tobaooo ?" ■ Not at all," said she. •Itwto only a fancy. Of course you ara not likely to turn your yacht ipto ii lady's yacht**" j He started and looked at bet. 'But she had •toe-ken quite thoughtlMsly, and had -how turned tfa her father. : 1 When they wtot on deck again they found that tiie vfopto, beating up in the tecs of a' 1 ght northerly breese, bad ran out for' a long t m*-Unost tb tbe Dutchman** Cap; ahd from a ctrtaindiateaoetbeyeimld see tbe grim shorn cf this desuUto UUncL'wltb ite faint tings of I ra*ngran ofer* the bUafn of its pUteau of rock. i nd th*jb Hattiish called ont; "Ready about I 7' md Jkesentbr tbey wete Slowly leaving, behind t bat lonely DutehhW and making away for the £ istelrt entrance tol- oohTua. Tb* beeeto wm sight' th«y made but little way; far oil the bid* wktets th*t wahfted the white gulls sitting buoyant) and tbe sun waa fiot on their hands; What did they teik About in -_ summer idla* liessr MSay a thn* be had dreamed of hi* thus aaittng oVer tbe dear seas -with the «rdr Ploaaghal from the south, until at1 tisMs hU heart, grown ■ ck With ywroWj, wm ready to despair of the Unposrible. And yet h*re she wa* sitting on a deck-stool near _ni—the wkte-apart Mug*' Itahed eyre occa-Honallf regarding him—a ne* Erted book open on her Up—the mnaU gloved da toyiiig wftb tba cover.' Yet there Wai ntt d of' love spoken. 'Then Wm only a friendly eon-tafcatfon, and the. idla jiiasing of a 1 summer day. It wMsofn*tbina;«^ ltooW that hai breath ing was near him. j Then the breese quite died Away, and they were left altogether motionlen on the gnssy blue sta. The great satis hung limp, without i single ' flap or quiver in them *, tne red ensign clung to the jltger-mast*: Hamish, though he stood'by the tiller, did hot eveh pnt bis hand on tbat bold ahd notable representation in wood of the sea serpent "'-■'• r*Ou*e now, Haftis*/* Macleod ea*A, fear tyg thU tnoqotyiou* ftUtnes* would weary his fair guest, v ybh wUI toll uM nb#l one of the old stories thst you used ta toll me Wheirl wtea boy." ' , Hamkh bad Indeed told the yooog Macleod teeny a my*terious tel* of magic and adva/rtura. ' but he wm not disposed to repeat any bne of these in broken Sngltth in order to please this' Udy from the South. "It b no more of tiie stories I hef now, Sir Keith," said ha. "It was a long time sfo-Wl-had t^e stories/ " Oh, I oould construct ona myself," saMMUs 1 White lightly. "Don't I know bow they all bjsgin f 'There wm once a king in Erin, and he hkdt son ; snd tiris son it wm who would teke the world for his pUlow. But before be sat out oh hutrsveU be took counsel of tit* falcon, and the hoodie, and the otter. And the falcon mid to him, Go to the right; and the hoodie said to bim, You arfll be win aow if you go to the left; but the otter aaid io him, Now take my advie*,' Ac, die" : "You hive been a diligent student," Macleod said, Uughing heartily. " And indeed yon might Kon with tne atory and finish it; for wbo owb now when we abaU get back to Dare I" ' It wm after a long period of thus lying in dead calm—with the occasional appearance of a diver on the surface'of the shining blue sea— tbat Macleod's sharply observant eye wm st* traeted by an odd thing that appeared far away at the horiron. "What do you think v that now!" ssid he with a smile. They looked steadfastly, and saw only a thin Une of stiver Ught, almost like the back of a knife, in the distant dark blue. " The track of a seal swimming under water," Mr. White suggested * Or a shoal of fish," his daughter aaid "Watch r The sharp Una of Ught dowly spread ; a tretn b_ng silver-grey took tiie place of the dark blue; it looked m if invisible fingen were rushing out and uver the glassy surface. Then they felt a dool freshncM in tha hot sir; tbe red ensign swayed a bit; then tba gnat hmaesU flapped idly ; and jlnslly the breese came gently blowing over the sea, and on again they went through the now rippling water. And as the slow time passed, in the glare of the sunlight, Staffa lay ou the sttil water a dense mass of shadow ; and they went by Lunga ; and they drew near to the point of Gometra, where the black t-karts were aitting on the exposed rocks. It was like a dream of sunlight and fair colors and summer quiet. " I cannot beUeve," said she to him, " that all those fierce murders and revenges took place in such beautiful scenes a* these. How could they?" And then, in the broad and still waten of Looh-Tua, with the lonely rock-*.of Ulva close by them, they were again becalmed; and now it wm decided that they ahould leave the yacht there at certain moorings, and should get into the gig and be pulled through the shallow channel between Ulva and Mull tbat connects Loch-Tua with Loch-na- Keal. Macleod had been greatly favored by the day chosen at haphasard for thia water promenade; at the end of it he was gladdened to hear Miss White ny that she had never seen anything so lovely on the face of the earth. And yet it wm merely a question of weather. To-morrow they might come back and find the water a ruffled leaden color; the waves washing over the rocks ; Ben-More invisible behind driving clouds. But now, as those three sat in the stern ?f the gig, and were gently pulled along by the sweep of the oan, it seemed to one at least of them that she must have got into fairy-land. The rocky shores of Ulva Uy on one side of this broad and winding channel; the flatter shores of Mull on the other ; and between Uy a perfect mirror of water in which everything wm so accurately reflected tbat it wm impossible to define the line at which the water and the Und met. In fact so vivid was the reflection of the blue and white sky on the surface of the water that it appeared to her m if the boat wm suspended in mid-air: a sky below, a sky above. And then the beauty of the Undscape tbat enclosed this wonderful mirror—tbe soft green foliage above the Ulva rocks ; the briUiant yellow brown of the sea-weed, with her* and there a gray heron •tending soUtery and sUent m a ghost over the pooU; ahead of them, towering above this fiat and shining and beauttful landscape, the awful majesty of the mountains around Loch-na-Keal —th* rponarch of them, Ben-More, showing a oone of dark and thunderous purple under a long and hravy swathe of doud. Far away, too, on tbeir right, stretched the splendid rampart of til* Gribun eUffa, a soft sunlight on the grassy green of their summit* ; a pale and brilliant blu* in the shadows of the huge and yawning oaves. Abd so still it wm, and the air so fine and sweet: it wm a day for the idling of happy lovers. , What jarred, then t Not the sUeat appearance of the head of a seal in that shining plain of blue and white.; for tb* poor old feUow only regarded tiie. boat for a s*cood or two with hu large and pathetic eyes, and thep quietly disappeared. Perbaptf is wm thU—that Mm White wm Inning over tba side of the boat, and admiring very muoh tbelwendsrful hue* of groups of -Msward below, that were aU distinctly risible in the marveUotuly dear tfater. There were beautiful green pUnts tbat spread tbeir flat flngen on tbe stiver-white sands; snd bug* rolU of purpte and sombre brown; and long strings that came up to the •Mi-tec*—tbe tracer** and deooratioju of theM haunts of tha mermaid • * Hlt is like a pantomime," aba aaid. " You would, expect to sm a bunt of limelight and Neptune appearing with a stiver trident and crown. WeU, it only shows that the scene* painters are nearer nature than moat people itnagine. I should never have thought there wm anything ao beautiful in the sea." And then sgsin she ssid, when thsy had rounded Ulva, aad got a gUmpse of tha open Atlantic again, ' "WhereU it, Kdtb, you proposed to sink aU the theatres in England, for tiie benefit of the dolbhfes and the lobsten V* He did not Uke theee referencee to the theatre. 'llt wm only a piece of nonrense," said he, abraptly. j But then she begged him so prettily to get the men to sing tbe boat-song that he good* hun-toredly took orit a sheet of paper and a pencil abd aaid to her— " ; "If I write it down for you, I must write it a* it te pronounced. For how would you know that Pnir a bhoto, nahorotU*,ln pronounced Peer A vaAta na hora ailya f . M And perhaps, then," said she with a charming smtie, 'writing it down would spoil it alto gethar? But'you wtil nk them to sing it for me." He said a word or two in the GmUc to Sandy, Who wa* rowing stroke ,* and Sandy answered with a short quick Uugh of assent " I have Mked tbem if they would drink your health," Macleod said, "and they have not re fused. It would'be a great compliment to them if you would fiU out the whisky youraelf ; here ismy-a-*.'' ' She took that formidable vessel in her small S ads ; and the men rested on their oars ; and en the mete) cup wm passed along. Whether It was the dram, or whether it wm the old familiar cborua they struck up— Phir a bhata (na her* tils) Fkir a bhata (na Aore tile) Phir a bhata (nn hore tile) **- Cheed tow* stan* leid gt tkebh a thitd v, certain it is thst the boat swnng forward with a new strength, and ere long they beheld in the distance the walls of CMtle Dare. And here wm Janet at tbe smaU quay, greatly distreMed be cause of the discomfort to which Miss White muat have bran subjected " But I have just been teUing Sir Keith," she aaid with a sweet smtie, "that I have come through the most bnutiful place I have ever seen in tiie world." This wm not, however, what she wm raying to herself when she reached the privacy of her own room. Her thoughts took a different turn. "And if it don seem impossible"—this wm her inward speech to herself—" that thoee wild murders should have been committed in so beautiful a place, at least there will be s fair chance of one occurring when I teU him that I have signed an engagement that will last ttil Christmas. But what good oould com* of being in a harry I" [rosa casxisusa.} 