•NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. n« , . - „ ,, „ n I The heavy portion of the Goulbum Gas Com- MMfti plant is expected to reach Sydney by the L shh> Madeira in about eight weeks. It was ordered usnu per cable. cuuie. i| It is estimated that the link-line to connect the great northern railway with Sydney from Singleton to near Richmond would be 115 miles, and would cost ,£7000 a mile. The poundkeeper at Forbes sold his billet for £115, and then resigned. The purchaser was a candidate with six others, but did not get a vote, much to the disgust of himself and the ex-pounddeeper. The medical examiuer of a prominent life insurance company says he has to turn away throe-1 fourths of his applicants, who excel in athlctic exercises, because they have dangerously strained the organs of the heart. For the last six weeks scarcely a family in Yn» has been exempt from a complaint known as the mumps. We regret having to state that diphtheria is also prevalent, and children in some families are in a very low state with it, The match between Carver (late of Moree), and Charles Prentice (of Gunnedah) has been finallv settled. The distance is probably to be 2001 yards, and the stakes £200 a-side. Carver was the conqueror in the last match, and has now the call in the betting. The Riverine Herald states that Mr. F. Pavne, of Echuca, who has been on a visit to Sydney during last week, has waited upon the Minister of Public Works, and received from him an assurance that he will push forward matters in connection with the snagging of the Lower Murrumbidgee as vigorously as possible We learn that the Wagga Bridge Company has "come out" with reference to the approaching demonstration in a manner that will slrely cause that worthy corporation some subsequent heart wrenches. Fifteen guineas have been subscribed by the company to the fund, and the bridge will be thrown open free for the celebration A meeting of the shareholders of the Model M \-- - | considered and agreed toi and Messre." Buckl'and, I Ross, J. S. Harrison, J. 1?. Fairfax, and S. Dickinson were elected directors of the company. . „ • > I i (^vs the CoHmTjarenot aware, L J' 00 f l t bet «'^n the n Yass tV^&Ar;^l' 1 " 11 -^ co »rt-house tied to' ar tt 1 M l? ns ™ ers " sed ° be 1 S i nr f v f e ° f "^.thirty- T le rehc nt H ™ £ £ ? £ foulutations j £ ^ S M S . ^ Not yet is the proposal for holding an Inter- L national Exhibition in 1879 finally disposed of. The Executive Committee have expressed a that the Council of the Agricultural Sodetr o - * should have arrived a a resoitS^^ f"™' Society I decisions ofthe general mee ing of members and are detennined to act according t K S t i i S of the society "- ululu o ™ lue instructions The valuable library left by the late Mr. N. D. Stenhouse having been purchased by Mr. Thomas Walker, of Concord, for £700, that gentleman, with a munificence of which there are several other notable instances, has presented to the University of Sydney such portions as may be deemed useful to that institution. The remnant he will present to some other public body. The membra nf fl.„ q i V ™ , , PUrnose conS ni n n 3 Club w " ,"?' h ,° S ^ S S ^^ K. i'tf ' ^ f 1 U6Xt m 1°"l h the men selected for tl?p S U P art,cu ' arl y S 5 S S i & S f S f S s Massey, Arthur, C. Dobson BeunetL and Simpson; against Messrs Cone AmW Belasano, Giblin, Mayn^, Thompson^a'iul^apiw A corresnondpnt t,n v i ana tapper. fcllciT^ST SuSav th J-n r'f ^ at Mr Crampti^i « ^acl'il tm, ft ly '-f f l e d Forbes aud faw a,Jlu, t ""'f fro , m joining at the shoulders, two two distinct heads backs and necks and joining backbones at joining tne shoulders, at the loins, two distinct two tails, backs and four and legs. It was killed in calving. I also saw on the same day an Angora wether, three years old killed, weighing 1331b., caul fat 271b., and the kidneys and fat as large as a small shoulder of mutton. t l i e Central Criminal Court on Saturday, Michael 1-inn was indicted under Terry's Act with having at Sydney on the 26th July trotted and robbed, and on a second couut under the old statute for assaulting and robbing one Daiel Morgan of a watch, chain, albert, and four shilling in money. Mr. C. Stephen prosecuted, and Mr. I). Buchanan, mstructed bv Messw. Ueane and Deane appeared lor the prisoner, who pleaded noi guilty. The prisoner was convicted on both counts, and remanded for sentence. At a meeting of the committee of the Working Mens Mort Memorial held last week, Mr. G. 11 J j ? a . n m , the chair, a letter was read from the provisional director of the Ladies' Committee of the proposed children's hospital, stating that a sub-committee would be appointed to confer with three delegates from the Working Men's Committee, as to the desirability of the memorial taking the shape of an additional wing to the proposed hospital Messrs. G. R. M'Lean, Horbury Hunt and the secretary were accordingly appointed to form the delegation. After some unimportant business had been transacted the meeting then adjourned. i ? 0d(says lhe Courier) that 8tead^% opposes even the mention ol a coalition with Sir Henry Parkes but the public do not accept this statement^ they are led to believe the 1 reverse for bfth e i e f{ n t l m a t e fn e" dsof both the union ilsuppose^ to be both possible and probable. But are a n 4 important jofnt action^ on their part is certain within the next Oa Thursday, 8th inst., in the insolvency court, Sydney, in the" matter of W. If. Byrne v. Patrick Bermingham, the rule nisi for sequestration was disch U ^ the estate released from sequesu *> jJ Donovai) who appeared as counsel f th re8pondent) the Rev. Dr. Bermingbam, 8tated Btated ^ to Honor that ttt ut the tUe Mme time when the rule nisi had been obtained, the amount of the verdict obtained against the respondent had |, eetl attached by a judge's order in Dr. Bermingham's hands to meet claims of certain of Byrne's creditors, thereby preventing Dr. Bcrmiughain from paying anything to Byrne, The lambing season (says a correspondent at Murrumburrah) is now nearly completed, and 1 am glad to report the average to be over 100 increase. At a station within a few miles from town (one of the largest) the average reported was 107. Good ; but it must be borne in mind the system of " lambing " is now very different to that of years past. Large paddocks are enclosed an d , shee allmved to at wi P , l' check upon their movements ; the carelul boundft r y "«er attends to the flock and reports the condition, and the early cutting of the tails ™ ndera w ? l ' k lcss oppressive. I may add that ^ I"Mew of the district seem well saas- Jed with results after the oppressive season ot a fev v months past. A correspondent of the S. M. Herald suggests as remedies to the social evils arising from the use of intoxicants, that an Adulteration Act should be )Ut il1 force 118 l as practicable, and that there should be no escape from " a heavy fine, coupled Wlth imprisonment, which, the writer thinks, o u 8l»t to be inflicted on all persons who adulterat e - He adds another suggestion, that no license should b e granted or renewed except upon anphcation and petition. The petition should be 8 i « ued at > l f ?? st one-third of the male adult Ration of the town to the effect that such ;^°mmodat,on is required. He further suggeste clergyman.s^^atureor a magistrates 6hoU,d be eS8entlal to the P et,tlon - A gentleman travelling from Jamberoo recently ( sa y s l ' ,e Kiama Independent) informs us that he lad a ve , 7 ^unate escape from being engulphed m a most violent and extraordinary whirlwind. ards this ridges on lbe ma i , , 1 1 road ' h } s a "ention was arrested by the u » usuall y violent and crushing noise of the gale au d , T" tuni ! n about he S observed that it pro ceeded from the ridge over which he had )ust assed, where there was a pillar-like whirl-blast that had uprooted trees and carried away many {)a„ e l s of fencing. He consider his escape miraculous, as had he been many seconds later he could not have d it ;m/ the cons cqucnces could t have been other than serious where such - ^ * ^ "" " " 40 ^ ^ i " " 0 ^ a " ived la f k l^J'Z I ' - ^ ^ ^ regre r T^/p i n Pat - tl ' ? tuiam } oi V vne , out^8 outrage e at Bado maoo ° Island, lsiana,i Port ore Darwin uarwin, telegraphed a few weeks ^ ago. It It appear, appears thaf that ^tuirty-si\ ' i f u aboriginals . were engaged « W d fas divers J" '" 6 ? f „, then . 1 Wlth th « ,r ,ubras went ashore in a boat belonging to the schooner Jim, Captain at ? ado ° . or Mul S ra ye Island, with the J slljSpnlr °th f 10^ . a f res J ""PP^ of wat «r. \v »??, ah ° nglna , 18 turned u P on J' oun - F nCe, M u e , lbou n / e who was in cha L ' r « e - ™ d br , ] ta l 1 f y ^r* 1^11 ^^gether with a Chinaman ^ M % mll \ ma "> ? nd a Kanaka Th - e y then f T th tbe } m h bl , lt nothi , n 8 of their whereabouts can be found, although it is thought l , he v bave made for Port \- Essenden, from whence tb e - V ca,ne Tbe \- m«rder was a preconcerted affai r 0ur \- dormant gives Port Darwin but a V™ character lt is ' ^ a poverty-stricken con- d I Tnl f f i u s t r e T 8 0 - L J5 • fo " r T ng 18 the T n T r . ule J U8t F omul " g^ted ,n MeIbourn e :-In the Supreme Court of Generali I s! s - Saturday, the tenth day of August, in the year of ° Ur L ° rd ' 1878 Whcreas J - t Expedient to prore^,rocit in thc y of Emission to the ba i ; u tl,l: colonies l of Victoria, New South Wales, and Queensland, it is ordered as follows :-Any person nprem, duly admitted to practice as a barrister • in , 3 the Supreme Court of New South Wales and Queensland shall be entitled to be admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Victoria upon the like terms and conditions, and payment of the like fees respectively as those upon which any person who shall have been duly admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of Victoria shall for the time being be entitled to be admitted to practice as a barrister in the Supreme Court of New South Wales or of Queensland respectively.—(Signed) WILUAM F. STAWBLL, REDMOND BARBV, ROBERT MOLES- WORTH. In the Sydney District Court on Friday, before Mr. District Court Judge Wilkinson, Eli Lewis sued J. Selig to recover £20 damages, for the value and detention of a lever watch. Thc plaintiff left the watch in question with the defendant (who is a jeweller in Market-street), to be repaired, in January last. He was then accompanied by a person named Martin. He did not call for the watch until the 25th April, and defendant then told him that he would see about it, aud to call again; when he went to the shop again in a few days, defendant said that the watch must have been called for, as his books showed it; the value of the watch was £5. For the defence it was contended that the plaintiff must have sent some one to get the watch, as the entry in the book showed that the person calling was in possession of full particulars regarding the article. His Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff for £5 2s. 6d., with £2 2s. professional costs, and also plaintiffs expenses to and from Grafton, where he works on a sugar plantation. A deputation, consisting of Mr. Cottee, Mr. Hunter, Mr. J. H. Douglas, and Mr. James Cochrane, introduced by Mr. Jas. Watson, M.L.A. for the Lachlan, had an interview with the Hon. John Sutherland, at the Works Department, and they urged upon him the importance of conetruct- ing a tramway from tho railway terminus to the town of \Vuggn. Tho distance was about four miles, and in the absence of a tramway the rood would be almost impassable. Mr. Sutherland said that the Government could not entertain the idea of a tramway unless the Bridge Company were to make some offer for the sale of the bridge which tbe Government could accept. If a suitable offer were made, the Government would consider it; and it would be a great inducement for him to recommend thc construction of a tramway. If, however, no arrangement were come to with the directors for the acquisition of thc bridge by the Government, it migut become his duty to consider whether goods could not be got across .the Murrumbidgee some other way. On the 6th inst., a masquerade and fancy dress ball was given at the Masonic Hall, Sydney, in aid of the Benevolent Fund of the Scandinavian Association of New South Wales. The ball was under thc patronage of the Premier, and of the Consuls for Denmark aud Norway and Sweden, and the company numbered nearly 100. The dresses were historical and grotesque. Every person present was dressed in character, wearing faucy costume, domino, or evening dress, but all wearing a mask ; and the general aspect of the hall, when thc dancers were in motion, was very picturesque. Round the walls were shields and Hags, grouped in a very tasteful manner, and the dresses of the dancers were in almost every conceivable character. The music was supplied by the German Band, aud the dancing was continued till 4 n.m. The Scandinavian Association, for thc benefit of which the masked ball was given, numbers about filty members of Danish, Swedish, and Norwegian nationality, and the object of the association is to render Assistance to distressed countrymen, and to countrymen as they arrive in the colonies. A meeting of importance to the trading com munity in reference to the recovery of 6mall debts was held at the rooms of the Master Butchers' Association, Temperance Hall, Sydney, last week, by representatives of that association aud the Master Bakers' Society. Mr. Alderman Playfair occupied the chair. It was urged by the various speakers that some speedier method than at present exists is absolutely essential in the interests of small traders, for the time consumed aud trouble experienced in recovering small debts by means of the District Court, is of such a vexatious character, that it was better to lose the debt than seek its recovery therein, and if a system such as exists in Victoria and the neighboring colonies was brought into operation here, it would relieve the District Court of those many petty causes which now occupy its time to the delay of more important matters, and prove a boon to tradesmen generally. After some further discussion the following gentlemen were appointed to wait upon the Minister for Justice, to bring the matter under his notice :—Messrs. Holmes, Shadier, Gaffney, Playfair, Tye, and M. Quinlan. A vote of thanks to the chairman ih ' terminated the proceedings. A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the Sydney Lands Office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times successively not a week ago. and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the Chief ot the branch was the culprit! A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of thc lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he was attacked bv cholera or typhoid. Halt an hour later the real symptoms were apparent, and the sympathies of the officers of the Department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost (as he had had a fearful dose), but instead of that gave up the dinner ! He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the chief conspirator, on the ground of insub ordination. Mr. J. C. Climie, C.E., has completed the survey of a line of railway from the Tweed River in New South Wales, to Nerang Creek, in |Queenslaud. About half a mile will be in New South Wales, and the remaining 19i miles are in Queens- land. The line is chiefly intended for the Colonial Sugar Company, whose operations are assuming large proportions. The company desire to have their sugar, maize, and other produce carried to Nerang Creek, which is navigable to Moreton Bay. The plans and sections are prepared and under the consideration of the company. The line will be on the three feet six inches guage, equal to the traffic of the district, and intended for a speed of thirty miles per hour. With rolling-stock and all appliances complete the* work will not cost more than ,£3000 per mile. It will be constructed, as far as we can ascertain,' by a syndicate in London, for which Captain Audley Coote and Mr. Climie are acting in cooperation. It is understood that the policy or the Government of Queensland is to encourage nivate enterprise in this direction, but whether by cash subsidy or grant of land we are not in a josition to state. The policy is sound so far as branch lines are concerned, and the Government of this as well as of tbe neighboring colonies should consider the advisability of following in the footsteps of their brethren of Queensland. Our readers will learn with pride and gratification that New South Wales, in regard to her exhibits of wool at the Paris Exhibition, has been victorious in competition against the whole world. This welcome tidings is conveyed in a letter from Mr. Jules Joubert to Mr. P. N. Trebeck, of Sydney, as follows:—" Paris, July 2,1878. My Dear Trebeck,—We have the juries at work nearly all day long. They consist of one from each nation represented at vu B un),,.^. wool jury has teen HOW twenty-tW®"' ^ and every day they have come to ii.T at ^ h test in that section has been the mo£. e a <*»• I am proud to tell you we have world, not by favor, not by majoSV'?'** unanimous verdict of twenty^the fi^^tlie the whole world. Hungary hL r T ^ close ; Wilson, of Victoria, L K U 8 at the winning post; but E. K. Cox U ^ ^ the race. Not satisfied with the which the judges say is not adequate X j ^ have recommended a prize which £Z™! 1^ the schedule, and which they bL i ^ i« Grand Prix.' It is, indeed, a V o S j S to have won a perfectly aalnl&JTrdS;^J paralleled excellence in our principaS ^T judges are delighted xvith tfce STaffe,'^ sho mi; the cases which so many haveS are the only really practical show-S^l ^ in the building. They show theSj ih easily got at, and I think have materiallv k !^ y us to get to thc top of the tree." ^ Barmaids, and the desirability of allowing to continue their present means of Pm«u™ dtstric of Roslyn in the New ZeaEPE! Assembly. In the course of his oneniL^S he said :-«If the advocatesof Loeff(ftRS to seek to have their views gradually ca^S the evils of drunkenness would be cuij £ would go further, and say that no house shonM have a bar stuck at the street-corner, Wd f that no female should be allowed to sell the counter. To his mind it was one of the 2 degrading positions in which one could , female. He did not say that some of those wl* were obliged to have recourse to this occunatinn were not respectable girls on entering it" J having gone through that ordeal, if thev cam, out respectable it would be a wonder. He said they were put there to tempt young men, who would not otherwise taste a glass of gro« " Mr Driver, having been taken to task for hisremarks on the subject, wrote in explanation to one ofthe Dunedm papers. He admitted that respectable females have been employed as barmaids. Still he would rather see a sister or other relative of his scrubbing a floor, or performing other domestic drudgery, than allow her to serve behind the bar of a publichouse. Considerable interest appears to have been manifested in Mr. Drivers remarks on the subject. In a recent issue we (Uabbo Dispatch) stated that owing to certain suspicious circumstances— to whispers of foul play—the relatives determined to have the body of the late Alexander Cameron, of Murrumbidgerie, exhumed, and a post-mortem held. It was, at the magisterial enquiry, believed that deceased died from disease of the heart, but Dr. Tennant's examination showed that th e heart, lungs, &c.;, were perfectly healthy. The stomach was sent (in charge of Senior-sergeant Wallings) to Sydney for analysis, and the result of Professor Watts' labors was that strychnine in quantity was discovered. This left no room for doubt that a great crime bad been committed, and the police immediately arrested Elizabeth Cameron (deceased's wife) and a man named Frank Corderoy. They were brought into Dubbo by Senior-sergeant Wallings and Seniorconstable M'Tague, last week, and lodged in the lock-up. On Saturday, the man and woman were charged at the Police Court, before J. O. Norton, P.M., on suspicion ot being implicated in the murder. Mr. Fitzgerald appeared for the prisoners, and Mr. Booth watched the proceedings on behalf of the Cameron family. Sergeant Wallings and Samuel Cooper gave evidence, but in accordance with the desire of the police magistrate and in the interests ot justice, we refrain from publishing, at present, the testimony given. Sufficient at present to say that the evidence points to a previous attempt, on the part of some person, to poison the deceased. Mrs. Cameion and Corderoy were remanded for eight days. All sorts of rumors regarding the crime have been afloat during the week ; but as the case is subjttdkc, it would be grossly unfair, not only to the prisoners, but to society at large, to comment on them. 