A QUEER CLUE. Ix Two CHAPTERS.—CHAPTER II. [From Chambers's Journal.] I had left the police altogether, and was living very comfortably, my good lady and I, up at Islington, in the same street with my married daughter, who was doing very comfortably too, her husband having a good berth iu the city. I had always been of u saving turn, and had bought two or throe houses; so with a tidy pension, which I had earned by thirty years' service, I could afford to go about a bit and enjoy myself. Of course in all that time I had made the acquaintance of a good many professional people ; and there were very few theatres or exhibitions that I couldn't get admission to. We—my wife and I, I mean—made it a rule to go everywhere that we could get tickets for ; and whether it was the launch of a ship, the charity children at St. Paul's, or Sam Cowell at the Canterbury Hall, it didn't matter to us—we went. And it was at the Canterbury I first had the Combestead murder more particularly recalled to my miud. I was there by myself, the old ladv not being willing to leave my married daughter—because, well, it was in consequence of her being a married daughter—so I went by myself. There was a young woman who sung a comic version of " There's a Good Time Coming" splendidly; and as I was always of a chatty turn I couldn't help remarking to the person that was sitting next to me how first-class she did it, when he exclaimed—" Hollo 3 why, never ! Superintendent Robinson ?" And then he held out his hand. It was young- Lytliei-ly, but so stout and brown and whiskery—if I may say so— that I didn't know him. Mr. Lytherly," I exclaimed, " I didn't expect to see yon and you're right as to my being Robinson, although a police officer 110 longer. Why, I thought you were iu the army." " Wo I was," he returned, " but I'm out of it now ; and I'll tell you how it was." It seems he had been to India, and got some promotion after three years' service; and had the good fortune of saving his colonel from drowning, or what was more likoly in those parts, being taken down by a crocodile, under circumstances of extraordinary bravery. He did not tell me the last hit, but I heard so afterwards. Lytherly was always a wonderful swimmer, and I remembered his taking a prize at London. The exertion or the wetting brought on a fever, and he was recommended for his discharge. The colonel behaved most liberally. Bat what was the best of all, the old fellow who kept the canteen at the station died about this time, and Lytherly had been courting his daughter for a good bit, more to tlie girl's satisfaction than that of her father ; so then they got married, and came home to England, and he was tolerably well off. He naturally talked about the Combestead murder, and said frankly enough that—except the people with whom he lodged, and they were suspected, he said, of perjury—he thought I was the only person in the town who did not believe him guilty of murder. " But murder will out, Mr. Robinson," he said; "and you will see this will be found out some day." " Well, I am sure I hope it will, Mr. Lytherly," I answered him. " But as for * murder will out,' and all that, I don't think you will find any policeman or magistrate who will agree with you there; and there was less to help us when you had got out of the scrape in this Combestead business, than any affair I was ever concerned iu." ' I don't care," he says ; " it will come out, Mr. Robinson. I dream of it almost every night; and my wife consulted some of the best fortune-tellers in India, and they all told her it would be discovered." " Hum!" I said ; " we don't think much of fortune-tellers here, you know.' ' I'm perfectly aware of that," he says; "and I shouldn't give them in as evidence; but if you had lived three years in India with people who knew the native ways, you might alter your mind about fortune-tellers. Anyway you will remember when it is found out that I told you how it would be," I laughed, and said I should; and after we had had another glass together, and he had given me bis address and made me promise to cali on him, we parted. I told my wife all about it, and it was very curious to see how women are all alike in curiosity and superstition, and all that; for although my wife had been married to me for thirty years, and so had every opportunity of learning better, yet she caught at what young Lytherly •not so very young now, by-the-bye— had said about these fortune-tellers, and was quite ready to believe and swear that the murder would be found out. It's no use arguing with a party like that; so I merely smiled at her, and passed it off. It was the very next day that Mrs. Robinson and myself had agreed to go and see a new exhibition of paintings which some one was starling in London, and tickets were pretty freely given away for it; but the same reason which stopped my wife from going to Canterbury stopped her from going to the exhibition. I went, of course, because I couldn't be of any use, under the cij-ciim stances, to 1113' married daughter ; and a very good exhibition it was too. There were plenty of paintings, and I had gone through all the rooms, and entered the last one. There were very few persons, I was sorry to see, in the place, so that you could have an uninterrupted view of any picture you pleased. After glancing carelessly round the room, for one gets a kind of surfeited with pictures, after a bit, I was struck by a gloomy-looking painting to the left of the doorway, and which I had not noticed on my first entry. When I came to look closer into it I was more than struck —I Avas astounded. It was a picture representing the finding of old Trapbois the miser, in the " Fortunes of Nigel." The heavy dull room was lighted only bv the candle which the young nobleman held above his head ; and it appeared to be excellently painted. But what drew my attention was that, as a part of the confusion iu wliich the struggle between the old man and his murderers had placed the room, tlie washstand had been upset, had fallen into the fireplace, and the eWer- had rolled into the grate, where it was shown as unbroken, although the water was flooding the boards—all exactly as I had seen the same thing five years before—so exactly, that I was perfectly sure 110 chance coincidcncc had produced the resemblance, but that whoever had painted this picture had seen the room where Miss Parkway was murdered, and had had the features of the scene stamped 011 his memory. Wlio so likely to have the scene so stamped, I instantly thought, as the murderer himself? As this rushed on my mind, I could not repress an exclamation although pretty well guarded as a rule. The only other person in the room heard me, and came to see what had excited me so strongly. Apparently he was disappointed, for he looked from the picture to his catalogue, then io the picture again, then at mo, back to his catalogue, and then went away with a discontented grunt. I did not move, however, but remained quite absorbed in the study of this mysterious painting; and the more I looked the more convinced I became that it was copied from the scene of Miss Parkway's murder. There were several little points which I had not at first noticed, and in fact had quite forgotten; such as tlie position of the fire-irons, the direction iu which the water had run, and so forth, which were all faithfully shown in the picture. To be brief, I had made up my mind before I left the room that I had at last found the real clue to the Combestead murder. The artist's name was Wyndham ; and I determined that I would very soon, as a natural beginning, make some enquiries about this Mr. Wyndham ; and indeed I began before I left the exhibition. I engaged the hall- keeper to have a glass with me at the nearest tavern, and when I got fairly into conversation with him, asked carelessly where Mr. Wyndham lived, as I thought I had known him many years ago, giving a description of some entirely imaginary person. The hall-keeper said —" No; that was not the sort of man ?t all. Mr. Wyndhain was" (here he described him) ; " and he doesn't live at the west-end of London, as you said, sir, but at a place in Essex, not very far from Colchester." He knew where he lived, because he had several times posted letters to him at " The Mount." This was about all I got from the liall-keeper, but it was as much as" I wanted. I am not greatly in the habit of taking other people into my confidence, but this was altogether an exceptional case; so, after a little reflection, I went straight to the address John Lytherly had given me, and told hi 01 what I had seen. He, of course, introduced me to his wife, a very pretty, dark-eyed young woman ; and when I had told all, they exchanged looks less of surprise than triumph. " Oh, it is coming all right," he exclaimed. " I knew the murder would cry out some day. And now you will have a little more respect for Indian fortune-tellers." *' I am not quite sure about that," I said. " But don't you go making so certain that we are going to find out anything, Mr. Lytherly ; this may be an accidental resemblance."; Because, only as you may suppose, I bad not told them how confident I felt in^ny own mind. " AccidentalNonsense 3" was all he said to that, and then he asked me what was the first step I proposed to take. I told him that I thought we ought to go down to this village and see if we could learn anything suspicious about Mr. Wyndham; and by my old detective habits, and the way in which the officers about would be sure to help me, I thought we might reckon 011 finding out what was wanted. He was delighted, and asked when we should start, and when I said that very night, he was more delighted still. It is always my rule to strike the iron while it's hot, and nothing could possibly bo got by waiting now ; so I had made up my mind just to run home, get a few things in my bag, and go down by the 10 o'clock train. My wife, you may be sure, was very much astonished ; but, as I expected she would be, as just as confident in the murder being found out as young Lytherly himself. Of course tin latter was ready. And we wei'e put down at our destination about 12 o'clock ; too late for anything that night, but still we were on the spct to begin the first tiling in the morning. And accordingly directly after breakfast wo began. John Lytherly would have began before breakfast, but as ail old hand I know better than that; because the pavly we were after, allowing he was the right party, after a five years' rest, wasn't going to bolt now ; so it was no case for hurrying and driving. Well, soon after breakfast I sauntered into the bar and began talking with the landlord, who was an elderly sort of party, about my own age, and who bragged—as if it was a lliing to be proud of—before we had talked three minutes, that lie had lived, man and boy. in Chumpley, which was the name of the lively place, for more than fifty years. " Then you're just tlie fellow for me," I thought; and then began talking of an old master of mine who was now living somewhere down in this neighborhood, by the name of Wyndham. " Wyndham ? Let me see ; Wyndham ?" said tlie landlord, putting on his wisest look. " No, 1 can't remember any party of tliat name. There is Wilkinson, and Wiggins; perhaps it's one of them." I told him they would not do ; and then added that the party I meant was something of an artist, painted pictures partly for pleasure ond partly for profit. This was only a guess of mine, but it was a pretty safe 011c. " Oh, there is lots of them about here !" exclaims the old boy, grinnin^ veiy much, as if it was a capital idea. " There's Sir. De Lancy Chorkle, Miss Belvidera Smith, Mrs. Galloon White, Mr. Hardy Canute, and a lot more ; but I don't think there's a Wyndham," " Ah, well, it don't matter," I said, very carelessly still; " I may be mistaken. I heard, however, he lived down here at a place called the Mount. Is there such a place ?" " Is there such a place !" said the landlord, with as much contempt in his voice as if I ought to bo ashamed of myself for not knowing. " Yes, there is, and a first- rate gentleman r.rtist lived there too: but his name ain't Wyndham ; his nam-3 happened to be Parkway, sir, Mr. Philip Parkway ; though I have heard that he is too proud to paint under his own name." " 1 think, landlord," I said, " that I'll have just three-penn'orths of brandy, cold !" which I took, and left him without another word, for when I heard this name I felt struck all of a heap, because it made a guess into a certainty, though in a way I had never dreamt of. couldn't even go back to Litheily for a little while ; it was all so wonderful; and I was so angry with myself for never having thought at the time that the man who, of all others in the world, had the most to gain by the poor woman's death, might have been the one who killed her. In the bitterness of mv feeling I could not help saying that any one but a detective would have pounced upon this fellow at the first. However I got over the vexation and went back to Lytherly to tell hha my news. We were each very confluent that we had the right scent now ; but yet it was not easy to see what we were to do. I could not very well apply for a warrant against a man because he had painted a picture; and so we walked and talked un^til we could think of nothing better than going down to Combestead, and, with our fresh information to help us, seeing if we could not rake up something there. We came to this resolution just as we reached a toll-gate, close by which stood a little house, whieh appeared to be the beer-shop, baker's, post-office, and grocers for ihe neighborhood. Not much of a neighborhood, by-the-bye, for, excepting a few gentlemen's seats, there was hardly another house within sight. One small, but comfortable-looking residence, we were informed by the chatty old lady who owned the " store," was the Mount, where Mr. Parkway lived. He was a very retired, silent sort of a gentleman, she said, and people thought his wife didn't have tlie happiest of lives with him. He had been married for a few years, the old lady went on ; soon after a relation had died, and left him a good bit of money. Before that he only rented apartments in a village ; but then he married Miss Dellar, who was an orphan, with a good bit of money too, but quite a girl to him, and they went to live at the Mount. At this point the ohl lady broke suddenly off, and said, " Here they are," going to the door immediately, and dropping her very best courtesy. We followed her into the little porch ; and there, sure enough, was a low carriage, drawn by one horse, and in it sat a gloomy, dark man, whom I had no difficulty in recognising, and by his side a slight, very pretty, but careworn-looking young woman. Mr. Parkway looked coolly enough at us, and we as carelessly returned his glance, for we were both so much changed since the Combestead days, that there was little fear of his remembering us. It seemed that they had called about a servant which the post-office keeper was to have recommended, and Sirs. Parkway alighted from the carriage to write some memorandum on the business. Parkway had never spoken, and I thought I could see in his harsh features traces of anxiety and remorse. Lytherly had followed Mrs. Parkway into the shop, and, as I could see from where I stood, on the lady asking for a pen, he drew ais gold pencilcase from his pocket, and offered it, as probably containing a better implement than any the postnofficc could afford. The lady stared, looked a little startled, but after a moment's hesitation accepted it with a very sweet smile. While Sirs. Parkway was engaged in writing her letter, Lytherly stood by her side, and sauntered out after her. I had been waiting in the porch, watching her hnsbaud, whose face was so familiar to me that I half expected to see a look of recognition come into his eyes ; but nothing of the sort happened. Lytherly watched them drive off, then turning suddenly round, exclaimed, " It's as good as over, Robinson ! We've got them ! " Why, what is there afresh V I asked. " Just sufficient to hang the scoundrel," said Lytherly. " You remember, of course, that among other things which were stolen on the night of the murder was a curious locket which Miss Parkway used to wear, and that some fragments of the chain were afterwards found." I remembered tliis very well, and told him so. " Very good," he continued. " I gave that locket and chain to the poor old girl; it was the only valuable I possesssed in the world; and Mrs. Parkway has the central carbuncle in her brooch now." " Nonsense !" I exclaimed, not knowing exactly what I did say at the moment. " It is a fact," he said ; " and I can swear to it. What is more to tlie point, perhaps, is, that although the stone is iu a strange setting, and no one but myself probably could recognise it, yet I can identify it. On the side are my initials cut in almost microscopical characters. If they are there, that settles it; if they are not, put me down as an impostor, and fix the murder 011 me if you like." There was a good deal more said after this, but the upshot of it was that we weut over to Colchester, and laid the matter before the authorities ; who after a little hesitation, a warrant was granted for the apprehension of Mr. Philip Parkway ; and two officers, accompanied by Lytherly and myself, went over to execute it. It was after nightfall when we arrived at the Mount ; and on knocking at the door, we found that Mr. Parkway was in; but his wife \v;i3 out, having gone up (so the elderly woman that was called by the footboy informed us), to play the harmonium at the weekly rehearsal of the village choir. " About the only amusement she has, poor tliiug,' the woman muttered, and she seemed in a very bad temper about something. We said we wanted to see her master, and that she need not announce us. And, as I live, I believe that woman guessed dircctly who we were, and what we had come for. At any rate quite a glow of triumph came into her face, and she pointed to a door nearl opposite to where we stood. We opened it, and found ourselves in a sort of large study, where, seated at a table, reading, was the man we wanted. He looked up in surprise as we entered, and the light falling strongly on his face, while all the rest of the room was in darkness, I thought I saw a paleness come and go on his gloomy features, but that might have been fancy. " What is your business?" he began; but Mr. Banes, the chief constable, cut him short. " I am sorry to inform you, Mr. Parkway," he said, " that I hold a warrant for your arrest, and you must consider yourself in custody." Parkway stared at him, mechanically closed the book he was reading, and said, " On what charge, sir ?" " For murder," says Banes ; and then I was sure that Parkway did turn white. " For the murder of Miss Parkway, at Combestead, in 18G—." Parkway looked from one to the other of us for a few seconds without speaking ; at last his eyes settled for an instant on Lytherly ; then turning to Banes, he said, pointing straight at Lytherly—" It was that man, I have no doubt, who set you on." " You had better not say anything, sir," said the chief constable, " but just give your servants what orders you wish, and come with us, as we cannot stop." " I dare say it was he," continued Parkway, not answering Mr. Banes, but seeming to go with his own thoughts. " I fancied he was dead, for what I took to be his ghost has been in my room every niyht for tins month past.— Where is niy wife?" We told him she was not at home, and that we were anxious to spare her as far as possible ; but lie gave such a bitter smile, and said—" She will certainly be vexed tu have had a husband that was hanged ; but she will be glad to he a widow on any terms." We didn't want to hear any more of this, so got him away; not without some little trouble though ; and if there had not been so many of us, we should have had a scene ; as it was, we were obliged to handcuff him. The servants, four of them, were naturally alarmed, and were in the hall when we went out. Mr. Parkway gave a very few directions, and the elderly woman grinned quite spitefully at him. " Don't insult the man, now he's down," I said in a whisper, while Parkway and the two officers got into the fly. Lytherly and I were to ride ! outside and drive. " Insult him ! the wretch 3" she said. " You don't mean to suppose he has any feelings to hurt. lie has been trying to drive niy poor young mistress, that I nursed when a baby, into her grave, and he would have done it if I had not been here. The only excuse is, he is, and always lias been, a dangerous lunatic." We drove off, and I saw no more of her, and never heard how Mrs. Parkway took the intelligence. The lady was present at the preliminary examination ; and to her great surprise her carbuncle brooch was taken from her and used against her husband. This examination was on the next morning, and we obtained more evidence than we had at first expected. Not only was the carbuncle marked as Lytherly had said it would be, but I had been up at the station, being unable to shake off old habits, and had made some enquiries there. Strangely enough the man who was head-porter now was head-porter there five years ago (it is u very sensible way fail^ays have of keeping a good man in the same position always ; promotion generally upsets and confuses things) ; and he was able, by secondary facts, to fix the dates and show that not only did Mr. Parkway go to Combestead for the funeral, but. that he went to London and back just before; from London, of course, be could easily get to Combestead, and his absence left him about time to do so. We proposed then to have a remand and get evidence from Combestead ; but it was never needed. Parkway had been expecting this blow for yoars, and always kept some deadly poison concealed in the hollow of his watcli-seal. This lie took on the night after his examination, and was found dead in his cell by the officer who went the rounds. Ho first wrote a verylong and minute confession, or rather* justification, showing that his• motive had been to prevent his cousin's marriage with Lytherly, whom lie seemed to hate very much, although the young man had never harmed him. He said he went expressly to Combestead to get possession of the money his misguided relative had drawn, and to kill her. He felt that if he left her alive she would carry out her scandalous plan, and therefore it was his duty to kill her; so in doing tliis he felt he had committed no crime, bnt had only been an instrument of justice. So I suppose he was, as the housekeeper declared, a dangerous lunatic. However, the reward of one hundred pounds had never been withdrawn, and I got it; it was paid out of Parkway's estate too, which was about the strangest go I ever heard of- Lytherly ajid his. wife are great friends with,-Mrs. Robinson and myself ; indeed, we have usually one of their young ones staying with ns, when we haven't one or two from my married daughter. Mr. Parkway, I heard, sold off at the Mount, and went away; and some time after I saw by the papers that she was married to some one else. I hope she made a better match the second time. On the whole, on looking back, I am inclined to think that of all the clues by which I ever found anybody out, this was really the queerest. [THE ESD.J It is said that the mosquito will laugh a hollow mocking laugh when the man who makes a vicious slap at it with a sock duns his knuckles against the bedpost. A tramp sat on a doorstep back in Pinestreet, St. Louis, tenderly caressing his head and shoulders, when his " Pard" came up. " What is the matter with yon, Jacob i" " I am in doubt, Henry—I am in doubt." "In doubt—wliat about?' "Well, Henry, I went into that alley gate up there to get something to eat. I might 'a known something 'ud happen, for there was a dead book agent laying on the flower bed, and a liniment man, with the side of his head caved in, leanin' up against the peach tree." " Well " You see I always was venturesome, an' I axed a woman standin' there wottld she give me a rhubarb pie an' a piece of iresli shad." *' Well, what happened then'' Now, Henry, that's what I am m doubt about. I don't seem to make out whether the back porch fell down on me or I stepped on a keg of dynamite and it busted under me. Why—why, Heniy, I'd sooner work half an hour than go into that yard again." 