(? ; .'. i. ? ???.-'?? ??!???? \- ?; BNpTHODQJt ;- AMERICA'- '^ . [livdiHt TRAVELLING COERESPOSB'EJfT;!1 , :; .At the time of my , visit to the. United , States society was convulsed, to its depths ;; on two- topics— th\^firat. was the Reform Bill, i thoaecoad was the eternity and nature of post 1 mortem, punishment. About both questions ' the most contradictory opinions 'prevailed. ?? Ono set o£: politicians seemed to consider, that / converting silver into a: legal', tender-- would J make ©very citizen of the United State3rich, ' prosperous andrhappy ; another regarded' any ,': measure which created a double standard of '. value as only a synonym for national in. . solvency,, and the views expressed about the future, state of reward^ and punishment; were juat as diverse. One. set ol divines either ; denied the- existence of a physical hell alto ' gatheTj' or ebe frittered it away, while i others boldly stood by the old theory ? of eternal brimBtone, of children /not a span long whose brain, blood and marrow would simmer throughout eter \- nity. ;, and one enthusiast even wont so far as t to fix the. locality of Auld Clootie's do minions, which he asserted were situated somewhere iu the centre of the eartbamany ' miles more remote from its surface than the ' bottom of the Magdala shaft;. One . worthy divine — it is true he was of the : colored persuasion — argued that the different volcanoes were the chimneys of helL Nearly every clergymen started a ? ? theory of his own, and as each was different from that advanced by the other some of the church-going people must have been puzzled what to believe. My present inton tion is,' however, to give a sketch of two remarkable heterodox discourses which I heard upon the question, the one from Mr. O. B. Frothingbam and the other from Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll. ?[. Mr. Frothingham occupies a somewhat similar position In New York to that held by Mr. Moncnre Conway in London, except that his congregation is apparently larger, and perhaps a little inoro fashionable. Both gentlemen are Americans ; both are men of considerable literary ability and elo ^ quence, and both have the courage of their 1 opinions,, whatever they may be, I have ' never been able to make out exactly what the . , creed of theso~gontlemen is. It is very easy ' to discover what. they do not believe. They appear to go in for almost universalnegatives. They have gone far beyond Unitarianism, or ev.en universalism ; revelation they cast aside ;. they have no very distinct views , about a future Btate, or indeed about the im '? mortality of the soul ; and I am not quite Bute what are their ideas about a First Cause. They talk a great many platitudes about, human thought and human progress, and tlioir orations are pleasant to listen to ; and pleasant to read, but I cannot understand ? any person deriving from them either instruc ' tibn or consolation. Mr. Frothingham was, '. I believe, born in New England. His , acoenfc is agreeable to an Englishman, '. bia diction remarkably pure, he occasionally runs into eloquence, and he rarely degene rates into common-place. He 'orates,' I ; cannot call it preaching, in the Masonic Hall, ? a large and handsome building at the corner ?~ of Twenty- third-Btreet and Sixth Avenue, ' arid adds to the effect of his ministrations ' by employing an excellent .choir, and he 1 addresses a prayer to somebody or something, ; but whether the God of the Christians, tlie ' First Cause of the Philosophers, or the . :; Nature of the Rationalists, I am not. able to \ state. '., Mr. Frothingham's discourse on hell was clever, but not satisfactory. He commenced by apologising for touching upon suoh a '. subject, and stated that If six months before lie had been told that he should have ; selected such a' topio he should have received the information with as much in* ' credulity as a traveller who was told that ; ho would take up his rifle and shoot an : ichthyosaurus or a megatherium. He pro. ,' ceeded to argue that the belief in hell has ; almost entirely disappeared, A thousand \ years ago the' doctrine waa alive: and fo'rmid- ' ' able. It stalked' abroad, . immense, in size, ' formidable in aspect. Now it is rarely seen, and when seen is only a shadow of its former ; Holf. It has left the world of philosophy and ' Bdenco, of literature and art ; even in ' the wilderness of theology it is seldom ' xnot with. Its spectral image -lingers near ; the tabernacle when the revival preacher ! endeavors to reproduce a system of religion ' that was natural in a departed era, but is un I natural in the present age; but there, too, it is . altered, sadly changed from its former estate, ? a mere simulacrum, & ghost, which the ' peoplo aro allowed to look at, as forms are seen ^ behind gauze curtains, or as materialised spirits. All at once this spectre 'becomes alive, is seen in the midst ' of U3, terrifies men and women in the public I places. ' We were mistaken in supposing the monster belonged to the Silurian Epoch, or, ;' lo speak more exactly, we were mistaken in thinking that the Silurian Epoch was sunk beneath bo many layers of rock. The ? Silurian Epoch persists. In Central Now ? xork last summer excellent persona vvoro found who professed to belkve in tho lake of fire; and were' Bnrprieed that: any persons '? should be oo audacious as to doubt.- In Now 'England an ecclesiastical council demurred fo tho ordination of a member on the ground that' he bold unorthodox opinions on this 1 point. In- New York an eminent divine and doctor of divinity, rector of a fashion fafcle- church, expressed contempt for ;the; opinions of Canon Farrar,. that 'no '?': doctrine of everlasting suffering was taught in the scriptHre. The doctrine . is evidently* hot extinct. The majority of ' Congregational clergymen still maintain it, some in a- qualified, others in an unqualified ' form. , Mr. Frothingham proceeded, to argue, that men. of the highest eminence in theology have repudiated the. idea of hell, and he. quoted from Orfgen, in. the third, and Scotus Erigena in the ninth century, and contrasted their views with those of Bishop Butler, who argued in favor of an. eternity of ; punishment upon tho ground that it was in accordance with the 'whole system of nature,' whose divine author j inflicted unapeakable agonies on beings to all appearances innocent. Mr. Frothingham went 6n to_ style such reasoning desperate. That was indeed a hopeless cause that could be maintained only* at the risk o£ atheism ; itself. To argue that God might be expected to punish people everlastingly in the future, because, horribly and causelessly, ho tor ments them in the present, may and does provoke men to ask whether it would not bo better to deny the existence of 33bd entirely, or to give the name of Devil to the being who governs ? the world'. The ' method of Butler has been repudiated by the more rational philosophy of the present day. There are now three, alternatives for the philosophical mind. It may either acoept the ancient theory, of Dualism', which allots, the universe to two opposing powers, one g^d and one evil, the «vil power holding away over tho realm of anguish, whether temporal or eternal, on which supposition pain, death and hell are transferred from the dominion of Deity to the domain, of Satan;. or, retaining the theory of Monotheism, which acknowledges but a single intelligent ruler of the universe! it may deny the' existence of pne spirit or the other, declaring for optimism with Leibnitz, and with him sustaining the opinion that good i3 the substantial principle and evil the appearance, the appa rition, the evanescent shadow ; or for pessi mism with Schopenhauer, who contended that ? evil was the substantial principle, and that good is the illusive substance. Or, again, as a third alternative, declining to answer dogmatically tho question of the world's original authorship and essential control, the philosophical mind may hold to some form of the de velopment theory which describes the universe as unfolding gradually from organio germs, and as moving onwards with or without the guidance of an intelligent being. Mr. Frothingham argued that the doctrine of eternal punishment was repug nant to all natural religion ; and continued : — 'There remains the word of ssripture. ?$» .mo, with whom it has no more of authority than reason concedes to it, the discussion is without, interest. At present it satisfies my purpose to say that in vay honest and sober judgment the language of Scripture does not warrant the Christian doctrine. If it did, my opinion of tho doctrine would be what it is. But honestly I think that it does not. At least the essential thought, the true meaning of Scripture, does not. But the doctrine is necessary to the integrity of the Christian scheme — so neceaiary that its rejeotion would bring tho whole struc ture down. The Christian scheme is a oomplete, logical syatcm,. compaotly fitted together. Its parts all cohere. The dis lodgment of one part endangers the security of the structure. To deny the Trinity ia to deny the divinity of Christ. To deny the Deity of Christ is. to deny the Euffi. cienoy of his atonement. To deny the atonement is to deny the desperate need of man. To dony this is to deny human de pravity, to deny tho necessity of grace, to vacate the offices of the church, and reduce to nothing the significance of Christendom. The dogma of future punishment is essential to all the rest. It follows logically from tho dogmas of depravity and redemption, There must be a doom in reserve for the uncon verted ; there must be' a place for the unre gonerate. They are by nature depraved, heirs of death, ohUdren of wrath, and their place must be the lowest and saddest conceivable ; their doom might ba Bimply death, uttor death, an nihilation.' But this doom would bo negative rather than positive. Death might be welcome; annihilation, might be a boon. There must be something more appalling to the vulgar imagination. With tho idea of death must be coupled the idea of agony. Hence life meant felicity ; death meant anguish. Hell waa offered against heaven. The two are required to accomplish the series of conceptions which constituted the plan of redemption. Mr. Frothingham proceeded to argue that it was tho dogma of hell which caused the cruelties of the inquisition. Mr. Locky bad dwelt at length, in his History of Rational ism in Europe, upon the disastrous effect produced by the dogma of hell upon the moral disposition of churchmen, making them callous and cruel. The instruments of tor ture used in tho Middle Ages — the whoola, raoks, ecrows, pinoers— were but material copies of the instruments which tho fiends, were believed to employ upon the doomed in hell ; and the cold-bloodod ferocity with which the horrid ongines were plied, nay the satauic gloe of tho auto da fe, was but such imitation a3 human creatures could make of the devilo who executed oa tho cursed tho mandates' of the Divine wrath. Mr, Froth ingham also pointed oat as a remarkable fact that ttie people ''consigned to hell by the; 'priests of all' religions have been those who rebelled agaihstTeqcIesiastloal rule. The inhabitants of hell' have' been chiefly heretics sent there for tho guilt of 'unbelief, .soeptios ' who looked ;tbo' deeply into the mysteries' of dogma, infidels who abandoned the' tradi- ' tions of ' faith. '. A Parsee writer describes' a woman in bell;1 ''beaten with stone clubs by, two. demons twelve miles high, and com pelled to eat a baoinof offal, because some of her hair asBhe conibed'.itfell into tho sacred fire.' 'A Brahmini6.,text, says Alger, tells of a man ? who for ' neglecting to meditate on themystio monosyllable Om boforepray ing was thrown down on an iron floor in bell and cloven with an axe, then stowed in. a cauldron of molten, lead till covered all over with foam.ahd' sweat, like a grain of rice in an oven, and then fastened with head down wards.and feet upwards to a. ohariot of Gre, ' and urged onward with a red-hot goad.' A general council of .the Church condemned Origon for teaching that tho doctrine of eternal punishment in hell did 'not comport . with, tho idea of the infinite goodness of God. , An English cardinal,, early in the thirteenth century, wrote a book on the question, Ts Origen S^ved or IDamned ? In Bayle's dictionary is related the vision of a hermit who saw hell uncoverod, and in the . midst of It Origen in tho company of tho damned, covered with flam'e3 and confusion. Tho pains of hell were reaerved'for offenders agaiustrthe' Church, not for offondora against humanity. - ; Such is an. outline of Mr. Frothlngham's discourse. . It .was a very able resume of the' case, but it appeared to me that it left the .matter very much where it found it. But no , exception could be taken to the manner of the lecture. It was couched in temperate language, and there was throughout an air of moderation iu all that he eivid that would have prevented even those whose opinions he waa assailing, from taking offence at tho pungency of his criticism. The congrega tion behaved in the most decorous manner. Admission was free to all, and although a collection was taken up,, subscription to it was quite voluntary. .Very different was the lecture upon Hell delivered by Colonel 'Bob' IngersolJ, at Checkering Hall. The locale war quite aa rospectable as that in which Mr. Fro thingh ana's congregation met, but the mode of conducting the entertainment was very different. Tickets for admission wore sold in the 'usual manner, but the seats had been bought up by the speculators, and it was only after an oxpon* diture of five shillings that I could obtain admission. When I entered the organ was playing a lively selection of airs from La Fille do. Madame Angot, and the audience were settling; themselves into their places, with the obvious intention of being amused as well as instructed. Shortly after eight o'clock the colonel made his appearance. I had heard him during tho Presidential campaign, and was much struck with his forcible way of putting things,' and his readiness — I could scarcely call it elo quence. I expected to hoar something original; Nor was I disappointed. Colonel Ingersoll, who is a Western politician of some eminence; a man of portly presence, fine physique and resonant voice, kept the attention of his hearers for nearly two hours and a half, while he uttered' a series of diatribes against revelation and Christianity. There was no attempt at argument all was assertion; but then his assertions were so positive that they aeeraed to carry convic tion with them. He followed the Horatian maxim in dealing with his subject, and plunged at onoe in medias res. Tho idea of hell waB, he said, born of revenge and brutality on one side, and cowardice on the other. '.' In my judgment the Amerioan people aro too brave, too charitable, too generous, too magnanimoua to believe in the infamous dogma of an eternal bell. I have no respect for any human being who believes in it.' I have no respect for any man who preaches it. I have no respect for the man who will pollute the Imagination of childhood with, that infamous lie. I have no respect for the man who will add to tho sor sowa of this world with that frightful dogma. I have no respect for any man that endea vors to put that infinite cloud, that infinite shadow, over the heart of humanity. I want to be frank with you. I dislike this dootrine. I hate it. ? I despise it. I defy this doctrine.' In this strain Colonel Ingersoll proceeded, his audience ap plauding vociferously, and appearing to agree with every sentiment that tho speaker uttered. By and by he left the subject of bell, and attacked the various religious denominations. 'Every re. Hgion in the world had denounced every other religion as a fraud, which proves that they all toll the truth about each other. I do not pretend to have any religion myself. I believe In living for 'this world— that is my doctrine. In living here now, to-day, to. night, and to make everybody happy that you can. _ Let the future take care of itself ; and if ever I touch the Bhores of another world, I will bo just aa ready and anxious to get into some remunerative employment a3 1 havo been In this. Now we have * ?a llgion that tells us that if there had been no Bin there would havo been no death. For my part, I am glad that there is death in this world, because- that gave me a chance. Somebody had to die to give mo room, and when my turn comes Tllbe willing tolet some body else take my plaoo. But whether there is another life or not, if there be any being who gave mo thia, I Bhall thank him from tho bottom of my heart, because upon the whole my life has been a joy.' Tho speaker then denounced the Biblo, both old and new teata 'tnenta, and read v. number of passages with tho view of endeavoring to provo that tho Biblo wns not fit to read in schools or to tcaoh ohildron. -The texts quoted by him I 'were in many respects- identical with those selected by Thomas Paine, and their reading ' appeared to give unmeasured delight to his 'audience. Returning to tho subject of his discourse, Colonel Ingersoll continued : — ''Whom does tho doctrine of hell touch? , the /great; the rich, the powerful? No! The poor the despised, the weak, tho mean. Did you ever hear of a man going to hell who died in New: York worth a million of dollars, or with an income of twenty-five thousand a year, did you ? Did you orer bear of a man going to bell who rode in a carriage. Never. They are tho gentlemen who talk about their assets, and who say, 'Hell' is not for me, it i3 for the poor ;. I have all the luxuries I want, givo hell to tbo poor.' Who goes to hell ? Tramps.' , In this strain tho colonel continued. I have given a fair idea of the nature of his discourse Argument thore waB none, but his language was put together with con siderable power, and it produced a con siderable effect upon hi3 hearers, who were principally Germans, though I noticed among the crowd the wizard Holler and Misa. Heller. I do not want to criticise or to obtrudo my own opinions.- I would prefer that my readers should formthoir own. But it strikes me a3 a littlo strango that the teachers of heterodoxy, who complain of the dog matism of tho churches, are just as dogmatio themselves, just as prone to advance opinions without assigning any reason 'for them; ju3t as uncharitable as , the ^ most bigoted and . narrow-minded ' Pharisee that ever wrote or preached. I lis tened vory patiently to what both Mr. Frothingham, the representative of tho cul tured, and Colonel Ingorsoll, aa a typo of the aggressive rationalist, had to advance, and I cannot Bay that I gleaned a single now idea. Porhapa other persona may bo more fortunate. 