ENCYCLICAL LETTER of out MOST HOLY LORD LEO XEI., by Divine Providence Pope, to all the Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, and Bishops of the Catholic World, who have grace and communion with, the Apostolic See. LEO PP. XIII. VENERABLE BRETHREN, HEALTH AND APOSTOLIC BENEDICTION,—Raised by the inscrutable counsels of God to this height of Apostolic dignity, although unworthy, we felt immediately a great desire, and as it were a necessity, of speaking to you by letters, not only to make manifest to you the sense of our deepest affection, but also to confirm, according to the office divinely entrusted to us, you, who are called to take part in our cares, in sustaining with us the war of these times for the Church of God and for the salvation of souls. For, from the very beginning of our Pontificate, there was present to our eyes the sad spectacle of the evils which everywhere afflict the human race; this most widely-spread subversion of the supreme truths on which, as on a foundation, social order is built up; the obstinacy of minds intolerant of whatsoever legitimate power; this cause of perpetual discords whence come intestine dissensions and cruel and sanguinary wars; .this contempt for the laws which regulate morals and defend justice; this insatiable avarice for perishable and indifference for eternal things, even to that mad delirium by which so many unhappy ones here and there fear not to lay violent hands on themselves; ill-counselled administration, prodigality, the dissipation of the public substance, and the impudence, of those who, however grievously they sin, do it in a way so as to seem the champions of the country, of liberty, of every right whatsoever; and finally, that species of mortal pestilence which, serpent-like, glides through the inmost members of human society, which leaves them no rest, and which portends new changes and calamitous issues. The cause of these evils, then, we believe, may be chiefly in this, that the holy and most august authority of the Church which, in the name of God, presides over the human race, and is the avenger and defence of every legitimate authority, is despised and rejected. This being well known to the enemies of public tranquillity, they reputed nothing more adapted to destroy the foundations of society than to assail with obstinate war the Church of God, and by infamous calumnies raise up hatred and envy against it, as it it were the enemy of true civilisation, to prejudice daily its authority and force by new wounds, and to overthrow the supreme authority of the Roman Pontiff, in whom the eternal and immutable rights of what is good and just have on earth their 'guardian and supporter. Hence are derived the laws by which the Divine, constitution of the Catholic Church is undermined, which we deplore to see approved in many countries; hence came the contempt for the Episcopal power, the obstacles placed in Opposition to the exercise of the ecclesiastical ministry, the dissolution of religious societies, the confiscation of the possessions by which the ministers of the Church and the poor were nourished; hence it came that the public institutions destined to charity and to benevolence were withdrawn from the salutary direction of the Church; hence has arisen unbridled liberty of teaching and of publishing any wicked thing whatsoever, whilst, , on the contrary, the right of the Church to teach and (educate the young is in every way violated and trampled under foot. Nor has the usurpation of the civil Principality, which for so many centuries Divine Providence bestowed on the Soman Pontiff, , in order that he might employ fully and without hindrance the power bestowed upon him by Christ for tte eternal salvation of the nations, any other end in-view. To you, Venerable Brethren, vefcave pointed out : this deadly BCcanlulttMon itself not to increase the soxrojr which that 1 you should thereby know well what is the gravity of the things which demand our ministration and zeal, and with what great study it is fitting that we labour in order that, according to our strength, we may defend and sustain, especially in these sad times, the Church of Christ and the dignity of this ApoBtolic See, assailed by so many Calumnies. It is evident and clear, Venerable Brethren, that the order of civil society is destitute of solid foundations if it be not ruled by the eternal principles of truth, and upon the immutable laws of rectitude and justice, and if a sincere love do not mutually bind the wills of men, and 6uavely regulate the reciprocal interchange of offices. And who, indeed, will dare to deny that it was the Church which, having diffused amongst the nations the news of the Gospel, brought the light of truth to savage races imbued with vile superstitions, and brought them to the knowledge of the Divine Creator of all things and to the consideration of themselves; which, having removed the calamity of slavery, recalled men to the primitive nobility of their nature; which, having displayed the standard of redemption in every part of the world, introduced the arts and sciences, or defended them with its protection, founded and took under its care excellent institutions of charity, with which it provided for all kinds of miseries, everywhere in public and in private it raised the human race, delivered it from misery, and fashioned it with all thoughtfulness for a form of life consonant to human hopes and dignities ? For if anyone of sound intellect compares this age in which we live, most ipimical to religion and to the Church, with those most fortunate times when the Church was revered as a mother by the nations, will see this our time wholly filled with disturbances and ruins, and those times, instead, to have exhibited more excellent institutions, more of tranquillity of life, of riches and prosperity, as the people showed themselves to be more observant of the government and of the laws of the Church. "Wherefore if most of the benefits which we have recorded produced by the ministry and by the salutary aid of the Church are true works and ornaments of civilisation, so much the more false is it that the Church of Christ may be opposed to and abhorrent of this, as the praise more truly appertains to her of being its nurse, its mistress, and its mother. For indeed that kind of civilisation which is completely repugnant to the holy doctrines and laws of the Church should not be reputed other than a figment of civilisation and an empty name without a subject. Of this the peoples among whom the light of the Gospel did not shine furnish an argument, in whose life there may be seen a certain appearance of civilisation, but its solid and true benefits were not there. In no wise can that be reputed perfect civil life in which every legitimate authority is audaciously despised, nor is it considered liberty that which shamefully and wretchedly rages with the unbridled propagation of errors, with freely satisfying villainous ambitions, with immunity of shames and misdeeds, with the oppression of the best citizens of all classes. For, also, these things being erroneous, villainoust and discordant, they certainly have nop the virtue to perfect the human family and render it happy in prosperity, for " sin maketh nations miserable" (Prov. xiv., 34) ; but in all it is necessary that, minds and hearts being corrupted, they should "by their weight precipitate the nations into every shame, destroy all constituted order, and thus, sooner or later, bring the stability and tranquillity of the State to final ruin. If, then, the worts of the Roman Pontificate be regarded, what can be more iniquitous than to deny how well and excellently the Boman Pontiffs have deserved of all civil society ? Certainly our predecessors did not even hesitate, in providing for the good of the nations, to undertake struggles of every kind, to weary themselves with labours, to confront rude difficulties -; and with their eyes fixed upon heaven, they bent not their heads before the menaces of the perverse, nor with vile condescension allow themselves to be led away from their duty by flatteries or by promises. It was this Apostolic See winch gathered and cemented _ the remains of the ancient fallen society; this same was the friendly torch by which the civilisation of' Christian tunes shone forth; this anchor of safely amidst the most fell tempests by which the human family was tossed -to and fro; it was the sacred bond of concord which bound together distant; nations : with diverse 1 custom?; and, 'finally, it was the * common t 'fcenJr6 i "" , whlteoet' "were with the precepts counsels - • — What' 'more'r 'It ; 'i8 the bosst of ^he Sovereign Pontiffs to have" alwayHinoBt constantly placed themselves as a wall and a rampart, so that human society should not relapse into ancient superstition and barbarism. And would that this salutary authority had never been neglected and repulsed! Certainly neither the Civil Principality would have lost that august and sacred splendour which it bore, conferred upon it by religion, and which alone makes the condition of V»im who obeys it noble and worthy of man; nor would so many seditions and wars, which defiled the earth with dead bodies, with, calamities and massacres, have burst forth ; nor would kingdoms, once most flourishing, have fallen from the height of their prosperity, and be oppressed by the weight of every misfortune. 0£ .which the nations of the East are an example, who, having snapped the most gentle bonds by which they were joined to this Apostolic See, have lost the splendour of their ancient nobleness, the glory cf the arts, and sciences, and the dignity of their very empire. These luminous benefits, then, which splendid monuments of all times show to have been brought by the Apostolic See into every region of the earth, were especially felt by the Italian nation, which, as it was so much the more near it by reason of place, so much the richer were the fruits it obtained. To the Roman Pontiffs Italy should certainly attribute the full glory and greatness received, which raised it above other nations. Their authority and paternal solicitude many times defended it from the violence of enemies, and gave it support and comfort in order tbat the Catholic faith should at all times be preserved in its integrity in the hearts of the Italians. Of these merits of our predecessors is special witness, without making mention of others, the memory of the times of St. Leo the great, of Alexander III., of Innocent III., and of other Pontiffs, by the labour and under the auspices of whom Italy safely came forth from the extreme ruin which was threatened her by the barbarians, retained the ancient faith incorrupt, and amidst the darkness and misery of the most barbarous age maintained and preserved the light of the sciences and the splendour of the arts. This, our holy city, seat of the Pontiffs, is witness of, which from them received this very great advantage, that not only was it the invincible rock of the faith, but also became the refuge of the liberal arts and the dwelling-place of wisdom, and drew to itself the admiration and the reverence of the whole world. The greatness of these things having, for their eternal remembrance, passed in monuments to history, it is easy to understand that only through hostile will and unworthy calumny could it be spread by speech find writing for the deception of men, that this Apostolic See was an impediment to the civilisation of the nations and to the happiness of Italy. If the hopes, then, of Italy and of the orld are based upon the influence of he'Apostolic See to the common advanage, and upon the intimate union of all he faithful with the Roman Pontiff, eason asks that we should employ ourselves with the most diligent care to preserve intact the dignity of the Boman Chair, and to consolidate still more the union of the members with the Head, of the sons with the Father. Meanwhile, in guarding before all, in the best way given us to do, the rights and the liberties of the Holy See, we will never cease to require that our authority be respected, that our ministry and our power be left absolutely free and independent, and that the position which the Divine Wisdom has for a long time formed for the Pontiffs of Bome may be restored to us. It is not the vain desire of power and dominion which moves us to demand the re-establishment of the Civil Principality. We claim it because our duties and the solemn oaths taken by us require it, and because not only is it necessary to the protection and to the preservation of the full liberty of the spiritual power, but, likewise, because it evidently appears that, when the Temporal Principality of the Apostolic See is treated of, the cause of the well-being: of the whole human family is likewise treated of. Therefore, •we, by reason of the office which binds us to defend the rights of Holy Church, cannot, in fact, dispense from renewing; and confirming with- these our letters all the declarations and protests which our predecessor, Pius IX. of holy memory, made repeatedly, whether against the occupation of the Civil Principality, or against the violation of the rights of the Boman Church. And in the same time we turn to the Princes and to the Supreme Rulers of the nations, conjuring them in the august .name of the AlmightyGod not to desire, in such Perilous momenta, to refuse the support "which the Ghilrch ; offers to them,, to IhiBgource of authority fend of salvation, and to bind still closer with it ultimate relations of respect and of love. Would to God that they, convinced of this truth, and reflecting that the doctrine of Christ, according to St. Augustine, if it be followed, is highly salutary to the common wealth (Ep. 138, alias 5. Ad. Marcellinum, n. 15), and that in the prosperous condition and respect of the Church likewise repose the public peace and prosperity, turn their attention and their thoughts to ameliorate the fate of the Church and of its visible head, preparing in such manner for their people, entered on the path of justice and peace, a new era of prosperity and glory. In order, then, that the union of the Catholic flock with the Supreme Pontiff may every day be strengthened more, we now turn to you, 0 Venerable Brethren, with special affection, in order that you may employ your sacerdotal zeal and your pastoral solicitude to enkindle amongst the faithful entrusted to your care the holy fire of religion which moves them to unite more firmly to this Chair of Truth and justice, and to receive from it with sincere docility of mind and heart, all doctrines and to entirely reject even the most common opinions, when they know them to be contrary to the teachings of the Church. For this purpose the Roman Pontiffs, our predecessorsi and recently Pius IX. of holy memory, especially in the Council of the Vatican, having before his eyes the words of St. Paul: " Beware lest any man deceive you by philosophy and vain deceit, according to the tradition of men, according to the elements of the world, and not according to Christ" (Ad. Coloss. ii. 8), omitted not to condemn, when there was need, the current errors, and note them in Apostolic censure. Aud we, in the footsteps of our predecessors on this Apostolic Chair of Truth, eoniirni&nd; renew all these condemnations ; . and at the same time we pray with fervour- the Father of Lights that all the faithful with one heart aud mind may think and speak as we. It belongs, however, to you, Venerable Brethren, to employ yourselves so that to every man the seed of heavenly doctrines may be sown with a full hand in the field of the Lord, and that from the tenderest age the teachings of the Catholic faith may be impressed in the souls of the faithful, aud may there cast deep roots, aud be preserved from the contagion of error. The more the enemies of religion strive to teach to the ignorant, and especially to the young, doctrines which dariten the mind and ruin the heart, so much the greater should be your zeal in order that not only the method of teaching be reasonable and serious, but much more that the same teaching be sound and fully conformable to the Catholic faith, whether in literature or in science; still more in philosophy, from which in great part depends the good progress of other sciences, and which, should not be directed to the undermining of Divine revelation, but rather delight in smoothing the pathway for it and defending it against whosoever impugns it, as has been taught us by example aud in writings by the great St. Augustine, the Angelic Doctor, and the other masters of Christian wisdom. But the good education of the young, because it serves to protect faith, religion, and morals, should begin from the tenderest years in the family itself, which, in our days, is wretchedly disturbed tod cannot otherwise be recalled to its dignity except by subjection to the laws by which it was instituted in the Church by its Divine Author, Who, having raised matrimony to the dignity of a sacrament—symbol of His union with the Church—not only sanctified the nuptial contract, but likewise, gave to parents and to children most .efficacious aids to obtain more easily, in the fulfilment of their reciprocal duties, temporal and eternal happiness. But since iniquitous laws, ignoring thpTeligious character of matrimony, reduced it to the condition of a purely* civil contract, it followed that, the nobility of the Christian marriage being rendered vile, the spouses live instead in a legal concubinage; that they have no care for the fidelity reciprocally sworn, that the children refuse obedience Mid respect to their parents, that the domestic affections iare weakened, and, what is the worst example and very detrimental for public morals, a foolish love is very frequently followed by lamentable and deadly separations. Disorders so deplorable and grave should. Venerable BrethreuV excite your zeal to 'pdinOnish.with pressing insistence the faithful coinniitt^ tbydur charge, that they should l^iid a docile ear to the teachings which touch the ; sanctity of 'CJmstian marriage, ^d. obey the laws "with which the I .C u "* f "*« regulates .flie duties of their offs— WithfiSifi^ataitlherlmost dan wiUlikByi^e b^ ott^ed, ;^ iaon 'and reJfofcin of the ifldiyi , „ sinpe, as from,^ vitiated trunk spring fbrtix worae branches mid the worst ot fruit, so the corruption which contaminates the family ends likewise by corrupting and infecting every individual citizen. On the contrary, where the family is based on the Christian life, the individual members of it gradually become accustomed to love religion and jpiety, and to abhor false and pernicious doctrines, to follow virtue, to respect their elders, and to bridle that sentiment of egotism which so degrades and enervates human nature. For which end it will be of great use to encourage pious associations, which have been chiefly founded in our days to the very gfeat advantage of Catholic interests. Great and superior to the forces of man, Venerable Brethren, are those things, object of our hopes and of our wishes; but God having made the nations of the earth capable of being healed, and having instituted the Church for the salvation of all races, promising it His beneficent assistance even to the consummation of time, we have the firm hope that, thanks to your labours, men, mastered by 60 many evils and misfortunes, may finally come to seek safety and happiness in subjection to the Church, and in the infallible teaching of this Apostolic Chair. Meanwhile, Venerable Brethren, we cannot finish writing without manifesting to you the satisfaction we feel at the admirable union and concord which binds your minds one to another, and with this Apostolic See. And we are of opinion that this constitutes not only the strongest bulwark against the assaults of enemies, but likewise a most happy and joyful augury for the Church of a better future; and whilst it is of the greatest consolation to our weakness, it likewise gives us courage to sustain boldly, in the difficult office which we have assumed, every struggle for the advantage of the Church. From these motives of hope and of rejoicing, which we have manifested to you, we cannot separate t^.e demonstrations of love and reverence which, in these first days of our Pontificate, you, Venerable Brethren, and together with you very many priests and laics, bestowed on our humble person, who with letters, and with offerings, and with pilgrimages, and with other pious offices, made maniiest to us that the affection and devotion to our most worthy predecessor endure equally sound, stable, and entire in their hearts for the person a successor so unequal to him. For these most splendid attestations of Catholic piety, we humbly give praise to the Lord for His benignant clemency; and to you, Venerable Brethren, and to all our beloved sons from whom we receive them, we profess publicly and from the depths of our heart the sentiments of our most profound gratitude, fully confident that in this straitness of things and difficulties of the times there will never be lessened for us your devotion and that of all the faithful. Nor do we doubt that these splendid examples of filial piety and of Christian virtues will be of great power to move the heart of the most merciful God to look propitiously on His flock and to give peace and victory to his Church. And, therefore, we hope that this peace and this victory may be the sooner and more easily conceded to us if the faithful constantly direct their vows and prayers to obtain it, and we exhort you, Venerable .Brethren, to engage to enkindle fervour for this, taking as mediatrix near to God the Immaculate Queen of Heaven, and for intercessors St. Joseph, heavenly Patron of the Church, the Holy Princes of the Apostles Peter ancSPaul, to whose powerful patronage we, supplicating, recommend our humble person, the hierarchy of the Church, and the whole flock of the Lord. For the rest we profoundly desire that these days, in which we make solemn commemoration of the Resurrection of Jesus Christ, miy be for you, Venerable Brethren, and for the whole Catholic iamily, happy, salutary, and filled with holy joy; and we pray the MoBt Benign •God that with the blood of the Immaculate Lamb, with which the sentence of •our condemnation was cancelled, that the faults contracted may be washed away and that the judgment to which we are •Subject for them may be mercifully .mitigated. The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, of God, and the participation ™ the Holy Ghost be with you all, Venerable Brothers; to all and each!' as likewise to our beloved children the f&Btg7; and people of your churches, in .pledge of special benevolence, and in .augury of heavenly assistance/we impart, to jpu with all affection the Apostolic .Benediction. Given at Borne, neat Saint Peter's, •on the solemn day of Easter, 21st April' 4>f the year 1878, first of our Pontificate.; ' LEO PP. xin. ' 