ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Miss Soldene's benefit on Friday was agreeably crowded, but the programme was a little too long. The presentation to Hiss Soldene brought forth a speech from Mr. Coppin. Everybody is always well pleased to hear Mr. Coppin speak, because he speaks well; but everybody is not pleased when he introduces topics which it were best to leave out It would surely have been possible for him to say pretty things to Miss Soldene without bringing in his own grievances. For a public man, who has been so many years before the world, and who has always managed to take his own part in any en counter. lie has had with critics, Mr, Coppin is just a little too sensitive. It is quite right heshould have his hobby. We have all our hobhies.and in riding them we Sometimes oome in collision with other hobby-horspa. Bnt whjajb pfthat? J[f we get1jo&tled; now and' then, we neei ja^icry, or &t;' any .sate, afjber the crying is oyer, we need iiotbretik out agaip m totally unexg^ted: paroxysms.' On. thig occasion, Mps. TavareS madeher first; appearance in Melbourne asl LSdy Tfcazle, in the screen scene of " TheSchool t6i Scandal" She is the most chairming Lady Teariel ever saw, and I hope soon Iio seeher j ] On Satmrday Mr. Darreli^ pl^[^f ''4^ Back from the 'jGtaye" was producpd tM^e ,fir§t. time in Mell&unie.; There j^tfpjsand eava^inft^.galleryon thatS^wd^id^it, andtqey hada performance all to" thitasfel vies, and) l^vi^g numencally the adTOntig® 9f 7 those upon the stage, these lat^r pkffeied ' accordingly* And thQ occupants of the othejr parts of the house suffered also. ; I intend,; > if l ean, toseethe ^hole iaece a^m, when, if by. some miracle, the g^ry-sava^es brer kapw what *jif> Itoa, P%r. .is; like. lUhdier the c»«uraBt^ck3> I the plot, Ai}d *wat^$yistwof ftwgQldjBifey )»&£<&«; >utstetfla his name alM^tmdinuIfur ^tthed^he after many yc&r;* come* to England ""1l - ? ana ueciares mmsell the husband of & woman who, having believed herself to be the mur dered man's widow, has married again, and has therein Becured good social advantages. The only object of the impostor is money, and this she gives him, and for a while satisfies him, but as he is a gambler he comes to want more than she will give, and then there is a climax, a crisis, a denouement, a confession, unedaircissement, and he is found out, and goes to gaol, and the lady suffers no more persecution, so that you see if the pith of the story had no outer-coverings, it would be very simple. But. it has a good many outer-coverings, some of which. closely adhere, others do not. Thus, when the lady's husband left her, and went to Aus tralia, there was a son, who, in some way not explained-at any rate I did not hear any explanation-goes wandering about the|world, and becomes an actor and author by pro fession, and a Bohemian by habit; also there is a niece of the lady's husband, and between the niece and the Bohemian there are tender relations; also there is a governess who turns out to have come into the world irregularly, having for father the perse cuted lady's husband, and for mother . the murdered digger's sister; also there is a military captain, and he is in love with the governess. AH these have some concern in the story, and may be regarded, therefore, as outer coverings of the pith, having a close adherence to it. But of the outer coverings not closely adhering, there are a groom and a serving woman; and they . support the low comedy element. The Bohemian is a mesmerist and clairvoyant, and it ia through the agency of clairvoyance that the villany of the villain is discovered. I wish I could say that the dialogue of this piece is brilliant; it may be, but as I did not hear more than one word in ten, it is clear that I am in nd position to speak of it. But of the situations 1 am quite competent to speak, for they addressed the eye. And I am glad to admit that the situations are very well contrived for picturesque effect, so the J piece does not halt. But then thiB is what one might readily look for from an ex perienced actor-author like Mr. Darrell. Mr. Darrell himself appropriately played the author-actor of the piece. He was vexed and irritated by the noise of the savages, q,nd perhaps, therefore, did not play, so well as he otherwise would have played. Nevertheless he made many good points, and he managed the clairvoyant scenes cleverly; that is to say, he made them seem not improbable. For myself, I have no belief in clairvoyance. I do not pretend to deny that some persons of an emotional nature fall into a sort of dream, ing sleep, and dream aloud of things of which they have been strongly thinking. But that is all. But the advocates of clairvoyance, in their eagerness to prove something, prove too much. Clairvoyance, I take it, is a con dition in which it is assumed that certain ex ceptionally endowed persons see what is passing or existing at a distance, or, at any rate, what is not cognisable by the ordinary visual sense. But, admitting that impressions may be produced upon the retina indepen dent of distance or the interposition of J opaque bodies, what is to be said of a clair voyant seeing something which happened fifteen years previously? Has the image of the scene' been suspended some where in space, and is it in obedience to some force of attraction conveyed to the brain of the deeping clairvoyant? , We are always met, -when questioning the truth of these pseudo- sciences, with the borrowed reproof that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy. But I no more blame Mr. Darrell for bringing in clairvoyance as an effective element in his drama than I blame Shakspeare for bringing in ghosts, which are as little an article in my creed as is clairvoyance. Of course, then, Mr. Darrell played what he regarded as the principal character in his piece, namely, the Bohemian. If the gallery savages could have possessed their souls in silence, I dare say he would have appeared to more advantage. I do not say he did not appear to advantage at all; but he certainly appeared to less advantage than he would if he had not been troubled by their noise. Once he addressed them, or rather he protested against them. If at that moment a boy had fallen from the gallery into the . stalls he tyould not have grieved, unless, indeed, the stall occupant had been hurt.. Neither should I. I could have wit nessed the execution of six of those boys with a real- pleasure. Mrs. Darrell played the persecuted, wife-widow. It . is needless to say that she gave a perfect repcesentation of:the part. For Mrs. Darrell is an actress of whom you can.always be sura. Thpre are not many like her, and I wish she could persuade others ito play on her principle She playedsoasto be aura of, the sympathy of the audience, rlnlifce rmanher I have seen her,yearongon£, fasten upontho audience and keep itheir.attention enchained. . She used to do<this as Margaret Elmorfcin "Love's, Sacrifice," and eg the relations of this present character are somewhat dramatically similar to those of Margarrt Elmore, it.will easily;be understood. That is to say, it is a persooujad xoman, SuffteiagjfceifoicAlly, And th»n Mrs Darrell.loojsadiike what she enacted, 4nd iiresaed i»;fcwjcSanoe .with the part, 4«id altogether,.;fulfilled ; wjh^t was; requited of fcer admirably, r ^n.Jbia occa^ion &aab; . WMPe^sfkrifinge Nayfuro njade ;her .reappaajr a»c* io Melbourne jaft# befog-away several yftuftr was alwaysibj^hi.iptelligejnt, handsome actrWBi b»t, ;dvjag the. time ilje has beea away,Bhe baa matured into 4come diewie, Mp&ble; , ofj takfog herplao® - in iny, leading theatre. She played the niece, a part ;she I hope she may sW with a^ and ao, ! a& sure, did eveiybody«l» who her, 2b, and Mrs. Appleton played a pair of lovers. Mr. Appleton is always good at love-making, and Mrs. Appleton for once was Been as a young lady, and not as a fairy, a Topsy, a Dick Swiveller, marchioness, or a waif of the streets. Those who saw her for the first time as a young lady were astonished to find what a daintily pretty woman she looks in modern dress, and how well she can play characters of this kind. But indeed it would be difficult to say what she cannot play. Mr. Vincent played the villain consistently, and Mr. Taylor played the second villain, with an Irish relish, to the satisfaction of even the savages. There was another pair of lovers in low life, with whose development Mr. Greville and Miss Carrington were entrusted. Is it necessary to say that Mr. Greville always keeps your attention amusingly engaged when he under takes a character of this kind, and the same remark really holds good with reference to Miss Carrington, who in soubrette creations admirably holds her own. There is a conflagration scene, and there are firemen-real firemen-brought on the stage to put out the fire, which they do ap parently by discharging some non-combustion supporting gas upon the fire. The firemen were upon the stage probably two minutes, but the savageB in the gallery, in a spirit of authoritative caprice, insisted upon their coming on in front of the curtain. The poor men came on, seemingly wondering what they had done to be made a jest of. When I have seen this piece again I will give another account of it, if the savages will let me hear it " Uncle Tom's Cabin " draws more and more people to the Princess's; and " Our Girls," at the Academy, iB still running, with an apparent likelihood of going on during the winter. On Saturday night, at the Opera-house, Mr. Lyster was presented with a testi monial, and Captain Standish made a speech on the occasion. It is not often that Captain Standish is heard in public, but when he is you think to yourself. " Now, that is the kind of man of whom our Ministries ought to be composed." Mr. Lyster made a speech in reply, and, as might be'supposed, was a good .deal moved, for he haa been so long before the public, and has worked so well and honestly for the pub lic, and has done BO much in the way of en couraging high-class music, that it could hardly help but that the discontinuance of his management as a director of opera should be regarded as an event of significance. Iam sure he has everybody's good word and every body's good wishes that he may return from his visit to Europe in restored health, and capable of resuming the place he has so long and so worthily held. On Monday the theatre opened under Mr. G. B. W. Lewis's management with a burlesque by Messrs. Farnie and Reece, called "Oxygen," which is, I am told, a dramatisation of one of Jules Verne's stories-which I have hot read. The play is not very clear, but it seems to be an account of a sleepy town, the inhabitants of which were roused into activity-mental and ma* terial-by the dissemination of oxygen gas, which prompted them to the commission of all sorts of extravagances. At last the re tort blows up, the gas ceases to be pro duced, and they fall back into their drowsiness. The epoch is doubtful, and the place is somewhere in Germany. The company is composed partly of some who were at the Academy, partly of some who were lately in the Soldene troupe, and partly; of some who were in neither. Of this latter division is Miss Lydia Howarde, who has been in New Zealand a good deal, bnt who, it will be remembered, was at this house several years ago, and was fast making herself a favourite with the public. She is not only no less a most capable actress and agreeable vocalist than she was formerly, but she has improved. She is full of life and dash and humour,andshe has thatBortofpleasantlycom pact appearance, which abundantly satisfies evenexactingrequirements. She dresses with a rare taste, elegantly, and without a spice of extravagance or meretriciousness. And thus she gaily iripped through the part of a Prince( Fritz by name. She Bang several old Bongs in a way toievive most pleasantly old memories, and she sang some new ones not less agree ably. Far my part, therefore, I trust she is. going to stay with its, and not go away any more. Miss Minna Fischer is also of the company, and, she appeared to advantage in a pretty, but indefinite part, And that neat little lady, Mifls Le Fevre, gave pleasant evi dence of her capability, and Miss Maud Walton did . not lag far behind in the samjs direction. Of Mi$s Lizzie Dixon it is almost' n^dless to ^peak. She, is worth piy manager's iuoney, for she haa an almost 'illimitable aptitude. She !b the very focus of brightness. She. is! not a magnificent creature "whoastounds you by her brilliancy, bhtf'Bhe 'is .taut, and neat,' and pretty, and cheery, aiid withwhatever she does she takes paijia,' andpjayri her very best. That sleepy young lady Miss Bronton Is also of thd^com pany, and Bhe in consistently sleepy. 60 also is Miss Pelham of the company, but she is quite the opposite of sleepy. In this piece, sfre p}ays an old maid, and success fully takes pains to make if stand out fron* the 'image.1 t)f those*-whd play the mate chafa&tem; Mr. Thtitae is chief. He .dresses as 'Uttjeridicrddos bojr in; ; short frock frilled trousers, and you 'who' ' knOF-tybW iw^teftfmiljrandqriainfcly fanny 'Jie;can l^e'ln p&rtfe.; of 'tblsldn&j; ijeed not,be told Ijbw coptiptibuqly lie lefeps Hhe audience t&hlxyg;? 'The dialtyptie'of tH* piece is full , pl&s;&^y'-a^vilated, 'efferc&oenpe;,: aind ferfe,vi8v£i jabng with:Ae.refesiini of 'Mij. ^orijfe tnakb »? fcbbd j&ihibn.; - whichJ given eo as to make you ieelffire you would not be sorry to hear them again. Of theBe is one with the title of "Fairy Moonlight." So that, altogether, although you may not be able to discover the plot of " Oxygen," you will probably be fairly amused by it, the more so as it is not long and doeB not play more than about two hours and a half. The last, for the present, of the Elmblad concerts took place on Saturday night, and the popularity of these admirable per formers was testified to by the large throng assembled to hear them. Mr. Elmblad's capability for the poetical declamation of sacred music was strikingly illustrated by his delivery of the recitative and air from " Eli," which he gave so as to well aid the imagination in conceiving thoroughly the dramatic situation with which it is asso ciated. And as a contrast to this, I may mention his recital of Chamisso's touching story of " The Lion Bride " so appropriately done into song by Schumann. And herein is the test of a great singer. He carries your mind away from the present and the visible, and makes you live far off and long ago. Of Madame Elmblad, I have to repeat that her performances have wrought themselves into the minds of those who have heard her, and have there left impressions which will not wear away. For what she plays, be it grand, tender, or playful, it equally enters into your heart, and makes you think the world a place worth wishing to live in. MADEMOISELLE OLGA DUBOIN AND MADAME TASCA. There have just come to Victoria two pianists. Of one of them-that is to say, Mademoiselle Duboin-you will remember having heard something more than a year ago. She was then in India, whither Bhe had gone after travelling half-round the world. From Moscow (where she was born) to Cal cutta there was hardly any place she had not visited; so that, if she had not been a great pianiete, she would have been entitled to be regarded as an illustrious traveller. She had studied at Leipsic, under Moscheles, and other renowned instructors ; had been com plimented by a great many distinguished persons, including royal persons, and favour ably noticed by numbers of critics. She in tended to be in Melbourne a year ago, but her interests kept her in India, some of th« most seemingly inaccessible parts of which she visited. In short, it would require a volume to detail her history, which is the more remarkable in that she travelled alone, had given her piano-recitals alone, and had, in a general way, exhibited a degree of self reliance wonderful in a young lady. Last Monday she played for the first time in Mel bourne, before a small but discreetly-chosen audience. It was at once seen that she is a mistress of the instrument to which she has devoted herself.. She has not only a style suggestive of marvellous power, but an intensity of feeling, which makes yon forget the piano and almoBt fancy that the sounds come direct from the musician's own brain. It needs niot to describe in detail what she played. Yon may take it upon trust that Bhe is capable of satisfying the moBt ex acting requirements in respect of piano music. I do not know that it is of any consequence to mention that, on the same evening of Monday, Mademoiselle Dubois played at Government-house. On Thursday I heard Madame Tasca. She has also travelled, though, perhaps, to a some what less extent than Mademoiselle Duboin. Her name would suggest that she is an Italian; but as she is English in maimer, appearance, and accent, we need not trouble ourselves about the name. She was educated at the Royal Academy of MtiBic, London, of which she is an associate and a King's scholar, and she had for master Cipriani Potter, whose name, as probably you know, is among the dii majores of modern teachers. With such credentials, it was to be expected that she would play with a rare excellence. And so Bhe did. There are occasions when the common vocabulary of praise "givesout." And it was so in this instance. As Madame Tasca executed the several selections, which ha£l been made with a judicious carefulness, so as to serve as perfect tests of her skill, the listeners-few in number, but abundant in judgment-appeared tacitly to confess that all they could say was " Da capo " to the most superlative of the approvals previously pronounced. But, when she played " Home, Sweet Home" with the left hand, the astonishment this «voked seemed to drive ! everybody into despair that, in the language I of admiration, there were not words of praise which had not before been used. I suppose, after a while, and when these two ladies shall have been heard several times, it-will be possible to institute comparisons between them. At present it would be inexpedient They differ considerably, and Although it is impossible not'to admire them both, I daresay they will have their separate adherents, and the piano playing world will be divided during their stay into Dnboinists and Tascaists. It re mains only to. say that Madame Tasca will make her first Appearance in public to-hight ; at the To*n<hbil, and that Mademoiselle'* Duboin.; will.: give her first public recital on tfce20|h. V.i The American" Pantoscope," at St. George's.' haU. is worth'seeine.: TAHITE.; 