THE GOSPEL OF ST JOHN~ ef y.. _«pof MelboUrl.edeliv.it__another 7 . ___ lccturcB on the above subject at St. -dPftuV- Church on Wednesday afternoon to a large congregation. The BISHOP said tlye portion of the gospel to which ho i'.wited consideration that day was comr,-ificd in the latter portion of the ?tb "chapter, beginning at the 37th verse, anr\ tlle nKt portion of the «th chapter as f'_r M the 11th verse. He would begin wi' j, the latter portion, because the question r m¿ ijeen raiBeil as to whether the first 11 . verse8 of the 8th chapter pro- perly belonged to St. John's Gospel. Against the genuineness of this passage the following arguments were urged. It was wanting in the oldest manuscripts, the Codex Sinaiticus. the Alexandrine, and other versions, as well as in the oldest copies of the Latin translations of the second century. It was omitted in many of the ancient common taríes, notably those of St. Chrysostom and- Theodoras of Moxsenstia. Again, the passage was frequently found transposed. Sometimes it was found at the end of the 8th chapter, and at other times at the end of the 21st chapter of St. Luke. He believed this was the true place of it, because if the pas- sage from the f>3rd \ erse of the 7th chapter to the 11th verse of the 8th chapter of St. John's Gospel were eliminated it would in , no way spoil the context, for in the foregoing chapter there had been no reference to the Mount of Olives, which there was at the end of the 21st chapter of St. Luke. Then, again, there were many terms uaed in this passage which were nowhere else to be found in St. John's Gospel. There was not a single passage in the rest of tho gospel which pre sented all these difficulties, and the question then arose, how carne it to be where it is. Its appearance dated from a very early period, íor it wap referred to in the Apostolical Con stitutions of the 3rd century. It was admitted, -too, by St Jerome,'St. Ambrose, St. Augustine, and by many Greek, and Latin fathers, \t was to be found in the Codex Boeza and other versions dating from the sixth to the ninth century. . As ¡au account of an event that had actually occurred, it bore internal evl dence of its genuineness. '?" It was said that those who brought the woman* taken in adultery to Our Lord did so that they might have an opportunity of accusing Him, and their mode of tempting Him was easily ex- plained. They said, Master, we have brought this woman who was taken in adultery. Moses commanded that such a one should be stoned.. If He had told them it was right to stone the woman they would have ac. cused Him to the Roman authorities of in- citing them to sedition. If, on the other hand, Ihe had refused to sanction the stoning of the woman they would have accused Him before the Jews of having broken, the law of Moses. It was a precisely parallel case to that in which they tempted Our -Lord - by asking Him if it was ' lawful to pay tribute to Caisar. If He had replied that it was not lawful, they would have accused Him of rebellion against the authority of the Roman governor, while, if He ' had upheld the lawfulness of the tribute, He would have been denounced as an enemy of the Jewish nation. It would be seen that our Lord's method of dealing with the ac cused woman was exactly in conformity with His teaching. The woman's accusers wanted Him to act the part of a judge in respect to an offence that had been committed outwardly. He did not, however, fulfil their expecta- tions, bocause He was not then recognised as a judge by men. He said, " He that is with- out sin among you let him first cast a stone at her," and then, when her accusers had all departed, He told her to go and sin no more. He removed the cause from the domain of jurisdiction to that of con- science. His action on this occasion waa I exactly in conformity with His merciful treatment of sinners. It was true He came into the world to condemn sin, but at the same time to save sinners. He sought their repentance rather than their condemna- tion. Looking at the circumstances, then, it appeared probable that this was one of those acts of our Lord which were not recorded. It would be remembered that St. John him- ; self, using a figure of speech common in Eastern phraseology, said that if all the things that Jesus did were written, the world itself' would not be able to contain the books that should be written. It was probably one of those acts which were preserved in the tradition of the church, placed originally in the margin of this gospel, and afterwards drawn into the text itself. He thought the tradition waa truo, but as it was not | really a part of St John's Gospel, he should not dwell upon it any further. Ile would now call . his, hearers', at- tention to the 37th verse of the 7th chapter, and the teaching of, our Lord which was'suggested by the Feast of Taber- nacles. On the last and great day of the feast Jesus stood and cried, ¡", If any man thirst, let him come to Me and drink. He thathelieveth in Me, as the Scripture saith, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water," Our Lord's teaching on this occa- sion could only be understood in connexion with the, observances of the feast , The ex- ternal aspect of the celebration had before been described, but this discourse referred to the observances in the Temple, which wera of a.peculiar nature and required, to be described. On the morning of tho feast every Israelite made up a bundle of palm, willow, and myrtle branches, which wero' bound together by a silver thread and called 0,-lulal. This was held in'one hand all tho first day, and in the other hand was held a citron: Wherever they went on tho first day they were bound to carry the lúlal. On the last day of the feast they went forth; first to 'assist' at morning'Sacrifice, and when the parts of the sacrifice had been laid upon the altar, tho priest had to go to the pool of Siloam and fill a golden ewer with water. As he passed by the water-gate the trumpets were sounded, and on his return to the Temple he poured out a libation of water at one sido of the altar in such a manner that it would run into a drain, which would convey it into the brook Kedron. From a similar vessel he poured out a libation of wine on the other side of the altar. While he did this the people called out, "Hold up thy hand." This arose from the, circumstance of a Sadducee priest having once poured out the water so care- lessly that it fell on his feet. They then sang Hallel, and all the people went round the altar seven times, waving their lalals. After the , ceremonies of the morning' were over they went to dinner, and afterwards attended the theological schools. In the'evening sacrifice was again offered, and all the people assembled in the Women's Court to rejoice at the pouring out of the water, the women occupying the galleries. Two great stands containing four amps each wero lighted, and these wore so high that they threw their light over the wall of the court. Musicians were ranged on the' 15 steps reaching from the Court of Israel to the Women's Court, and when the music struck' np the dancing commenced. No women were allowed to take part in the dance, but| the dancers were composed of the Sanhedrim, doctors of the law, rulers, and the principal men among the people. They imitated the conduct- of- David, who danced with all his might before the ark of the Lord. The scene was a very brilliant one, nnd the rejoicings were so remarkable that Josephus went so far as to say, " He that hath not seen the rejoicings at the pouring of the water can scarcely be said to have seen rejoicings in his life." The ques- tion-then to be considered was, what did this pouring out of the water mean ? The people sang during the ceremony, " With joy draw water out of wells of salvation," and the Rabbi Levi said it was because of the pouring out of the Holy Ghost On tho eighth day there was no libation of water, and how then came our Lord to speak of it ? He had seen it done on seven days, and on the eighth day he filled up the omission with Ina own teach- ing on the subject It might be imagined howpowerfnlly the type excited Ilia soul who was the fulfilment of tho type, who knew that He was the true rock from which should How tho waters of life. " If any man thirst, let him come to mo and drink." In so saying, our Lord claimed to be tho true rock. As St. Paul said, " And that rock was Christ" Could they conceive any othor man making such a claim without blasphemy. Could they conceive it of Isaiah or St. Paul. Yet it seemed perfectly natural in the case of our Lord, and was scarcely even noticed, bo cause they wero accustomed to think and speak of Him as Ged as well as man, It was interesting to observe how in this gospel our Lord declared himself the fulfilment of every type, the temple, the brazen serpent, I__- S-Sr.r.r., ¿nu the rock. What was meant by coming to Christ was explained in the fol- lowing verse:-"He that belleveth in me"." " locóme toChrist.then.wastobelievoinHim, and the reward for so doing was not a tran- sient draught of water, but rivers of running water should How from him to be a source of refreshment and consolation to others The lesson to bo learned from this waa thot no true Christian would bo content to keep and not communicato this gift to otheis. It reminded him of a remarkable saying of Professor Kingsley's. "Do you think we are merely sent into tho world to eave our own miserable souls?" He did not mean that the soul was a mean or miserable thing, but that it would be a miserable world if each one, had only the saving of his own soul in view. In the 39th verse an interpre- tation was given by the evangelist of the metaphor used by our Lord. This spake he of the spirit which they should receive who believed in Him ;" for as yet the spirit was »et given, became Jçsuç wrw »ot yet glorified. This did not mean that up to this time the Holy Spirit was not in the world, . for David exclaimed, "Take not thy Hot Spirit from mc," but that it was not yet r .* in ita fulness for the aplace and.st- ¿JU enina of the church. Till Christ b- V"'«1" through death, been «used and "¡«^ncj the gift waa not ready.. We had_ to e-pect the life of Jeaua to be in ua n^ a w¿]i 0f i¡vjng water-an eternal strec-"n, continually refreah ing our souls. Ti-5 might aeem Bomevvhat mystical language ; yet it was one of the simplest and plainest of facts, and waa testi- fied to by the incontrovertible experience of every true Christian. Thua St. Paul ex- claimed-" Yet r.ot I live, but Christ that dwclleth in me," In verses from 40 to 43 they were told the .fleets of our Lord's teaching. Some said Jíe was a prophet, others said He was the Christ, while there were others who were sent to apprehend Him, but returned to those that sent them, and when reproached for not having brought Him they said "Never man spake like this mau." The answer to this was nothing better than a miserablo sneer-"Are ye also de- ceived." How many doctors have believed on Him. These ignorant people that know not the law ure cursed. Yet these ignorant people were nearer to the kingdom of God than the most learned of the Phariaeea, and the oin umstanco should be a warning to those who pride themselves on their superior attainments. There were muny men of cul- ture, who might boast of knowing the Bible welL They might be well versed in its arclucology and philology without having the spirit of Christ in them, and in this case their knowledge would not save them. It was a quaint sajing, but nevertheless one, which had a great deal of truth in it, that the greatest miracle of the present day ' would bo the conversion of a doctor of, divinity. It was only too likely that while] doctors of divinity were absorbed in discuss- ing the garb in which a truth waa clothed, they often forgot the truth itself. In coá clusion, he hoped that all would ask of God to open their eyes that they might see the light, and at the same time give them the , disposition to embrace it. 