ON DIT.—It is stated on good authority that the Hon. William J. Foster, Attorney-General, intends to resign his place in the Legislative Council, and become a candidate for a seat in the Legislative Assembly. FEVER CASES AT THE KURRAJONG.—The Hon. Michael Fitzpatrick (Colonial Secretary) yesterday received a telegram from Richmond, stating that the patients who were suffering from typhoid fever are progresing favourably in the tents which were allottcd to them, the nurses from the Infirmary being in attendance upon the sufferers. No fresh cases arie reported. THE PROPOSED SHIPMENT OF FROZEN MEAT TO ENGLAND.—The ship Northam, which last year re- mained so long at the Circular Quay with Mr. Mort's freezing apparatus and meat compartment on board «lutin"'''to receive the cargo of frozen meat (which un fortiüiatelv, thiough the failure of sonic coils of pipe, «as not slapped), and eventually sailed for London on the 18th of July, has again safely reached thii port. From inquiries made on hoard we learn that before the Northam left here the coil of pipe which caused so much trouble .was replaced. The meai compartment was filled with cargo, but the cooling eiiparatus was left quite clear. ' An experienced engi- neer, vith five or six assistants, sailed in the vessel with instiuctions to thoroughly,test the machinery 'on the vovnge. This was done efficiently, through the tap, which lasted 103 days, and, with tlmexception of oTie'trivml accident, every portion of the cooling pjant arriicd in England sound. The engines vvoic kept working all the way, as ii' the cargo was on boaid, »nlscveial tons of cooling liquid wore converted into concrete. When in England - the evaporating coil ihipped here, w hieh was in six pieces, was replnced by oncoï bett« make in one piece, and the mnchineiy his come back to all appearance perfectly intact. 'The meat compartment, which, it will be lemembercd, was cisco in tallow, and was intended to' hold about 150# ton« of meat, was taken to pieces in England,' and the' tallon' sold ; but all the timber of which it was com- posed, or the greater portion of it, is_ at present on board the ship. The persons who left in'charge of the machinery letumed to Sydney some time back, and doubtless Mr. Mort has their" report. TIip Northam has made an excellent run out m sixty-eight days, tiitsprovingherself a thoiough clipper, and well adapted to convey the promised trial shipment, of w hich fin thor particulars may soon be to hand. Water .Surrtv or Parramatta.-Yesteiday the Major-and aldermen ot the borough of Faira matta, accompanied by Mr. Long, M.P., had an intei nc\t- with the Hon. J". S. Furnell (Minister for Lands mivlPreimer), and they icquestcd that he would cause the'sum of ¿'S000 to be placed upon tlie Estimates to hung the water into Parramatta fiom Hunt's Cicek. ?Ir. Farnell said that the Government were dealing inth tlie question of water supply for the county of Cumberland, and th.it Pinruinattâ would be included nithm their scheme. ThcPiospect Reservoir und the pipes thorefiom would be within a distance of tluce miles of the town, and it could not therefore ,be (viieitcd that the Government could entertain the proposal of a supply from Hunt's Creek. ,, _, _ ,The"Niuht Refuge and Soit Kitchen -During j the pnst month, 2531 dinners were given-about 92 pet day. Shelter was .given in 2019 instances, or (ibout li per night. Situations were provided for over 30 men and .w-omen. Admissions to the In- firmary, indoor and outdoor, weie obtained for several. Women and children coming to the institu- tion received especial care; they, were supplied with food and (where required) lodging,' which was paid for at neighbouring lodging-houses on 74 occasions. Xopains were spared-to place people in a position to help themselves.' Many' poor'. families obtained supplies of soup and other provisions, and took them to their homes. We, are' informed that letters are, often received from the country fioni people who have been, benefited, expressive of" their thankfulness for the help they'have received. ' ' ' ', ; Civil Service Musical Societt.--This society will cive their first concert of the eleventh season this (Wednesday) evening, at the Masonic Hall. The first portion of the programme will consist óft"LaSan narabula ;" the second part will be miscellaneous. The P. and O. Covipany's Mau. Coxtiuct.-The íjiíy Telegraph reports that at the fortnightly meét' in» of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce :--The minimi íepoit'of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce i\as laid on the table. , The «attention of the com- mittee was directed specially to the action taken by the Bombay Chamber m reference to the renewal of. the P. and 0. .Co.'s contract for the conveyance 'of' mails after the 1st February, 18S0. They had urged* upon H.M.'s Postmaster-General for India (1) that the stipulated rate 'of' speed at which the mail «earners should be run between Brindisi and Mevandria should be not less than fifteen knots Hi hour, and between Suez and Bombay thirteen knots an hour, and that the mails Ghould ne carried oveiland through Egypt. . (2.) That, ?TR) thing in the new conti act should be subsidiary' «id subordinate to the mail service between Brindisi mil Bombay, which, should be a special service, dis- tinct tenders being called for such service, and that the contract should not he for a longer period than five year", so that the country might not be deprived o: the benefits resulting from the' constant improve- ments which are being made in steam navigation. The mattet was discussed "in connection with the question oí o renew al of the contract for the conveyance of the Australian maib, but it was considered too soon to tie specific action, specially in view of the early e'echoii of i new committee. ? . . . ' ' - Fire at Moranarell. About 12 o'clock on Saturday night March 9, a fire broke out (the Burrangongng Chronicle reports), on the premises belonging to Mr. W. Marshall, of Morangarell, and in little over an hour reduced to ashes the hotel, store, kitchen, wash house and stables. The sound of something like añ explosion was the first intimation given that anything unusual had occurred. This Mr. Elliott, who has charge of the telegraphic office in the locality, and occupied apartments in the hotel, heard and, rising up in bed to see if he were correct in the opinion he entertained, found that a person was knocking at the door and calling out. As the man did not raise a cry of fire or give any reason for disturbing the house at that hour, Mr. Elliott turned in again but only for a moment as he soon heard a sort of crackling noise that induced him to fear that a fire was in the neighbourhood. His apprehension was but too speedily verified, as on rushing to the front of the bar and looking through the window, he saw nothing but smoke in every direction. By this time the whole household were made aware of their danger, and without waiting to put on any article of dress, they scrambled out into the air through windows and, as best they could, nobody happily sustaining any injuries, save an old man who represented that his head had been scorched. In an hour, the buildings ceased to exist - a circumstance which goes to show what a firm hold the fire must have had on the premises before it was discovered, and the rapid progress it sub- sequently made. There was a large stock in the store and hotel, every particle of which, being of an in- flammable nature, together with nearly the whole of the furniture, was destroyed. It is also said a bundle of notes to the extent of close on £300 met a similar fate, a further proof of the inability of Mr. Marshall or any member of his family to go from one part of the house to the other with any safety. Mr. Elliott did succeed in saving a couch, a few chairs, some bedding and blankets, but all else was sacrificed. Besides Mr. Elliott and three or four other lodgers, there were on the premises at the time of the fire, either in the attics or other rooms, Mr. Marshall, his jtwo daughters, and granddaughter one of whom was lying ill with scartatina and was in consequence removed with some difficulty. The loss by the fire will be covered to some extent by insurances. , Autkalu's Early Days.-In another ter vears .'»ysthe.ffei.if Xews) Australia will have reached her i?vnary' ant* can P°'nt '*v't'1 Pride t0 the progrès;} 'le has made in the time. The germ from which this Ii » ?piro has sPrmiS in less than a'century was Tt of the most promising description, and the difli """es against which the infant colony, .struggled' »«e extremely arduous. birDoniel-Cooper, in an ÎT-r tm? papcr on New Sl3uth Wales, rc-iul before ne Koyal Colonial Instit« -, reviewed in graphie «tras the eaily history of tint, lite parent province of Australia, and described the trials'and sufferings of the J«t settlers. Altogether dependent upon 'England lTp les' tllose who went' out in the flrst nnd 'IT., lleet'i werc a' times , nearly starved SÄ' The "Kind's Store," . as . it was «"ed, found all in ratioi.s, but the King's Store "». often empty enough. ' In the intervals »" een the anival of the store ships, when the food «OTance wa« necessarily reduced to a minimum, the j nations endured by those early colonists were cb«? . vote' "Anymtm." said afterwards one of the mv-ict passengers in the first fleet-" anv man would »mihi ?nuttwl murder for a month's provisions ; I sZ, t, eoramitted three for a week's." Some »»,,"u,12crul°vo people to dine off pcunded gra=s .i.tm,t';iwp o£ J*at've dogs. But for the fiimrule .0Z?"old(jOV«nor Phillip matters would hine be »ithti, . ' Io l)un'shed thelts and mniaudin;: l«l! ,WUi ¡Tstri?uu''* and srt a splendid example of C'W h"?^ tHi3 "Procter may be judged Ki*u*?7t?ld of hiratllat ** «dercd oven- dogto »food. CQSS "mouths, he said w"«>.p"+entitled Seei.no 'ïîie Earth Go Round.-The "directors of the forthcoming Paris Exhibition propose to Tepeat Poucault's experiment on a large scale, and to demonstrate to " toute le monde " that the earth does revolve. The experiment depends upon the property of a pendulum to keep sw inging in the same plane if its support is free to move; and if we could set up a suitable pendulum at the Xoi th Pole, we should see itsvvinging lound the circle once in twenty-four liouis, but at the same time vv e should know that it was the earth that waa moving, and not the pendulum. At any place not directly over the axis of the earth the point of suspension partakes, of course, of the rotation of our planet, and a correction for that movement would have to be made ; but, a» that can be calculated to a nicety, the demonstration of its correetness afforded by the pendulum would be proof of the rotation of-the eaitli. Foucault't experiment was made under the dome of the Pantheon at Palis, and it f was irepeatcd in America ; but the proposed exhibition, will carry it out on a larger scale. Tlie weight of the pendulum to be eretted m the Champ de Mars will be about 660 pounds, the length of the rod being some 220 feet. It will be hung in such manner that the points of suspension will be flee to move, 'and'' consequently the pendulum will continue to swing in the same plane, 01 nearly bo, because the ' friction" of ' the supports will necessarily exercise some; ¡effect. The spectator, standing on what lappears tb be a stationary floor, will notice that the pendulum changes its line of oscillation as regards the floor,! and if he understaiuls the question to be answered» he will know that the floor upon which he stands is being , carried round the pendulum.by the lbtation of the earth. / Professor Tobin, of Richmond, Kentucky, ; has recently devised an implove jincht^ on .Poucault's apparatus, his pendulum being hung to ' a stand about G feet high, in such a , manner that the rotation of'the earth is shown by the changed position of an index which moves over one degree of' the scale in .about 'six minutes. His p.enclulum ¿^moreover so delicately, suspended that it maintains its motion for about twelve hours, and yet can be retarded, or even stopped, by blowing upon it. -Jkho. 1 ^{.vixway^to the QUEENSLAND BoitDEK.-Respect- ing 'tho visit-of Mr.,H. C. Stanley to Sydney, the linsbatic Courier «ays :-" We understand that the late'visit of Mr.'II.'C. Stanley to Sydney hnel two objects-to endeavour to come to an understanding as to the point of connection to be ostablishêdat some future time between tho railways.o f( the two colonies ; 'and to gather information relative to tho ,coal trade of Newcastle, and the appliances theio in use for the .carriage and shipment of coal. As regalds the last mentioned matter, wo need at present say nothing, as' Mr. Stanley has placed the, information he has obtained from his trip to Newcastle at the service of the Commission of Enquiry into the question of a. waterside tciminuv for the, Southern lailwajs of this eolony. But in reference to the question of railvvay exteusion towards the border, we me enabled to state. that Mr. Stanley has been in communica- tion with the Minister for Works in New South I Wales, and with Mr. Whitton, Engineer of Railways iii that colony, and ha» ascertained that it is intended to cai ty the New South Wales northern line in the direction of Tenterfield. ' Mr. Stanley had, therefore, little difficulty in,deciding the íoute for the future extension of the Queensland southern railway beyond Stanthorpe, and proposes to follow pretty closely the course oi'the'old Ballandean road from Stanthorpe to Tenterfield.' The distance to the Border line dividing the two' colonies'will'be about twenty-four miles from Stanthorpe and eleven from Tenterfield, and the junc- tion of the two railways will take place as nearly as convenient on the boundary line, where the break of gauge ii will render necessary the transfer of through passengers and gootls from the car- nages of one ?? colony to tho30 of the other, untes«i indeed we 'shall -by that time have adopted the American plan of utting bodily carriages, passengers, and all off ono set of wheels and on to the other, by which all the inconvenience and delay of jnoving from carriage 'io carriage is avoided. The general line of route having been thus decided, Mr. Whitton will senil an officer of his department to accompany an officer from Mr. Stanley's depart- ment1'in "ri tour of inspection over the country between Stanthorpe, anti Tenterfield, with a view, to arrange'details as to the line to be adopted on both sides of the Border. 'We believe that the New' South Wales Government have' no ( immediate , intention "of, extending their line -to Tenterfield, but they have shown a commendable spirit in thus .promptly coming to a" mutual understanding with the Government; of this eolony on the important question of future rail- way connection on the Bolder." . ...-.t ' -Depekcb 'op Colonial Ports.-Alluding to 'the pioposett Military and Naval Commission for the con- sideration of n plan of defence for colonial ports, the South Australian Register writes:-In at least'one! Tespect the visit of his Excellency Sir William Jervois '.o England will be particularly well timed. It will be seen from the European messages which we publish this morning that a proposition has emanated from the Colonial Office that a committee of naval and military officers should' be appointcd'to determine upon a plan for the defence of colo'nial'ports. His Excellency's connection with this colony, apart from the high reputation cnioyed by him in military circles, will enable him to be" extremely useful to such a committee. His, yiews. on the ( subject are known. In the "memorandum . on - the defences of the colony presented by him to Parliament during its last session, Sir William gave it as his opinion that the best isafeguard against invasion or attack wouldk be found in a naval force, and the remark extended to all the coloniesi alike. , Sir William has, moreover, intimated his! intention of bringing the matter before the Imperial Goveinmeufwith the object of, asceitain ing their view's, upon a'scheme for the naval defence of Australia,' which, he very propeily îegards as the most' efficacious course- to adopt. We have éndea vouied, to show, that the Biitish squadrons in the Chinu 'and East India stations, as well as in the Pacific, afford great .protection to the colonies ; but for all that there has boen a very wide- spread feeling that thov should in themselves be as well prepared to defend their shores as their means and circumstances will' permit. The Colonial Office has recognised this feeling in the preparations that aie being made now in all ^ the .colonies, -and it, is .these which have pro- bably prompted Uie step which is now proposed to bo taken. , There . are many matters for consideration in connection with the subject, "but it is clear that it some 'such arrangement, as that suggested by Sir William Jervois can be arrived' at on terms satisfac- tory to alL the colonies, it will ? render our coasts far' more secure than if each colony possesses its own war-ship. A flotilla of four or five powerful ironclads,- subject to one administiation, would undoubtedly prove the most effective, anti act as a salutary check upon the designs of would-be maiau ders. The control of such a fleet, and the distribution of its original cost and subsequent maintenance among the various colonies, will present some diffi- culties; but, these need not be insuperable, and may be. smoothed over. ' In this respect also Sir William' Jervois'» advice will prove of great use in the consi- deration of any scheme. It is certain that no other I ,matter calls for {ho,union oí the colonie» so much as the tlefenee of theifshores and their people. - - ' i ? Self-Actis'o Railway,jGates.-We (Pleasant ,Cic'el ?¡VW*) .were, lately shown, an extremely ingenious and effective model of self-acting railway gates. ,The model, which is about 4 feet long, shows a line of miniature íailWay of that length, and airuck. Under- neath the latter are two bars, running the full length ,of the truck, and1 raised1 at one end on one side of the ear, and at -the leverse end'on the other side. These.raised,portions catch on wheels .which work in -side the rails, and the moment the front of the engine or truck touches the wheel, the gates (which are kept constantly open for public convenience, unless other- wise arranged) i close across the road, and leave the railway track clear. 'As soon'as, and not until, the last van of tlie' train has released thepressuie from the forward'wheel, the gates again close across the line, and leave the road open for traffic. Should it be desired,,however, the guard, by touching a sprins, is enabled to tluow the apparatus out of gear, so that 'the gates may thus be left open for the passage of an expiess or an ordinary train. The interior workings ,of tthe design are as yet a secret only to the inv entors ; but,, judging norn practical -xperiments which we witnessed the invention is likely to prove a thorough success. Tue expenses attending the laving down of the appautu» i-, trivial, the cost of eaeh gate, with fittings complete, being i pckoncel at £20. School or Arts.-The Maiionette Company have made a change in their programme, by substituting the "Babes in the Wood" tor "Little Reel Riding Hood." As a matter of fact, the nursery tale which is identified with the former is infinitely more amusing when exemplified by figures in the "wood "than in the "flesh." The dialogue of the extravaganza, for such it may be teimed, is well sustained by the com- pany, and in other wajs the progiamme ot the even- ing's entertainment is a very amusing one. Guild Hall.-Mr. D'Arcy Reed's " Ghost" walks in nil FOits of sepulchral shapes at this place of amusement, anti as a clover piece of mechanism is worthy ot far more pationage than it receives. Prom its peculiar construction any amount of variety can be produced, and as an illusion it is complete in detail. A very good dramatic company support the "ghost" in the incidental dia'nimp necessary to exhibit it with proper effect. 