% fenlile ODime, A New Zealand Stoey. BY ROBERT P. WHITWORTH. We live this life, travelling over a broader or narrower ledge, between two vast abysses — the past and the future. Of the past abyss we know something, what we are taught, not of our own knowledge or experience; of the future abyss, nothing. Is the present life the be all and the end all? Is it, as religion teaches us, a mere precursor, a state of probation to another and a never ending life ? Or is it, as the ancients taught, one step in the never ending staircase of time, one rung in the ladder reaching to eternity ? Who knows ? Let schoolmen argue as they may, they are still no nearer the great truth. And yet, for the better comprehension of the somewhat mar vellous story I am about to tell, it is necessary to raise the question. Was it a dream? Neither at the time when the incidents I shall relate took place, nor now, do I know. I never could remember dreaming such a dream. Or was it one of those dim perceptions of a past state of being which sometimes, rarely though, occur to us, when we see a place for the first time, and yet which seems strangely familiar when we perform an act which recalls a mysterious and imperfect memory of having done the same thing before? Spiritism, and other similar supernatural 'mountebankery, I ignore; witchcraft, and its attendant diablerie, I despise. I would account for the phenomena by natural laws alone. And yet I cannot. Nor is this a ghost story, or a record of the wild imaginings of a fevered or diseased mind; It is the truth, strange and weird as may seem some of its sur roundings, the simple truth. It was in the early part of December, 1864, that I, Philip Massey, started from our camp on the Shotover river for the Molyneux township, or, as it is now called, Cromwell, in order to sell some gold, and to bring back some stores, of whioh we should soon be in need. I was one of a party of four, who had worked together at many of the diggings in New South Wales and Victoria, and who had been about a year in New Zealand, located on Carmichael's Creek, near the head of the Shotover, and under the lofty Mount Hyde a spur of the Harris mountains. We were much further up the river than most of the diggers, and were located in one of the wildest spots in that wild and almost inaccessible region. Our workings were on the side of a not very large terrace, on the creek, shut in nearly all round by precipitous cliffs and mountains, covered with huge timber. Wild as was the landscape, there was a savage yet gorgeous beauty in it, in the summer, when the rata flowor blazed in its crimson glory on the hill-side? ; and in .the winter, when the snow- fields glistened in the sunshine)' or the black birch forest wept in the rain storms of that gloomy and inhospitable 'region'. It was a wild free life, an era in a man's existence, which, once experienced, can never be forgotten--a life the memory of which comes back with a strange '.yietoping. ; years', after j,\;and!lwhen''a(inan , .'may have.', settlpd '!d.own„1,ihtb'''iin'8tajd) I mechanioal i ratbTpaying, merqh^i, .Jaw- j ?yer) dootor, .or what-not:— a. iife' ^vithal, , of uncertainty, tof. 'hardship; *of '.constant! pbril^perU'!pf waters, !:w|ien''iha' ragmg i .flobd§ bam^ bbiling,an,d',,si^'e^ the gorg'e8/bearing;;huKpiiree?))bppidefs, ?ay, andtop oftanj human :beings, ;onward in their resistless' -forcelu-iWho. lia's; for gotten! the!t 'tinieV' '^vheri1';)thevr, whole of r.the ,lo-v,er .ipart'/'of .''j tthe..'j:Mplyneux i, .TOW il fifte'ehj men . were :;idro\med;-ii ambngstd-.-.thonij the three brothers ; Lynch.-; i Perils oft land) as' when! the(' entire1 side, o| a - hillj tumbled , bodily into -^he'.Shbtpy'eri'^ury-j ing I knb w.^nptj . nbr! was it 'ever , , known, j how; many', unfortunate.' i diggers ;? in ope gigantic tomb. Perila. o£i starvation of being shut lip by ;the snowas'in'a huge prison. Perils;from the' knife and-pistpl-! shot of tHe''s^ik^'l;j^^.'''.^id'^}is8lAlj or , the, .ruthless 1, b^hrapgoj...V. A i?vnd,j free, daring,iBohemian life-i^torday. poor, | to-mbrrbw.'i,ich', iand'iyet.t iAvith-^all'iitsj hai^Bhiptf, '.its; cold, ' its Nvieti/'.^ itpil, so) often fruitless1 tbil) iWh'o, .hayifig ..!bnce, lived it, would not' gladly liyejt again ?'; As, I said, I .Btarted; from my ; camp; for Cromwell-'to sell our-* gold and' get supplies. We were on a good spot, and had got . over a hundred, ounces;' and were of course in bigh spirits at, our luck. Passing our camp, at a distance of a quarter of a mile, was' the regular packers' traok down the Shotover by the Arrow and Lake ' Hayes, and so down the Kawarau . gorge, .but thiB, , t]ie regular road, I had ; determined not to 1 take, partly because the weather was \- fine and promised- to hold up, and the | snow had not yet begun to melt and so Hood the creeks, and partly because there wero soine suspicious characters lower down tho river: whom it would be ns well to avoid, and who, had they soou me going,; would, perhaps, have guessed my errand; There wns a blazed track leading over a saddle in tho Harris range, round the bond of the Arrow, across the Motatapu and the Cordrona, over the shoulders of Mount Pisa and so into the Molyiieux valley and on to CrOMT-v well, a traok whioh two of my mates had been over, although I had not, and which they .pronounced quite sate and (easy; to find and keep. ' Tho' distance ' wa^ sffiffie fifty miles, and although, the : way... was rough I- might 'easily -do it in 'two days. . .We had sat up rather late the night previous to my starting, arranging, what stores I : was to' purohase, what 'money to deposit in tho bank) and so 'on, .'aiid when T and''; my' tent- iiiate) George' Moselby) rpspitb' turn .ih it' was nearly tori o'clock. It . was' half-moon, and a cold, clear,' calm, cloudless^night. '.. Not a souhd' wii^ to be heard except the hbarse-but iiotr unmelbdioiis hum of tho oreek, over its shingle bed. . We' were both struck with the beauty bf the scene) and George; who was somewhat poetical) was' just remark ing' on' the almOst unearthly loveliness of the glistening glacier-clad double peali of Mount Aiirurn, which 'soars aloft in' the west, when I suddenly interrupted him with''Hush! what was that 3' We stopped. and listened. :Not a sound1 save the inurmurihgatreamand the queru lous piping of the. distant kiwi; * And yet; rl . could have, sworn I heard' the crackling of twigs, ' as if a footstep had trodden 011 them at the rear of the tent.' I darted quickly round, but no, nothing.' I .iveht a few steps into the bush) btttf still nothing, either to see or hear,. and'I returned, fancying I must have been' mistaken. George, laughingly, ' said he.1 supposed it was a kakapot, or' a kar-,', ka,' feeding on the tutuf berries) 'and' we turned into our bunks, thinking '110 more- of the, matter.. . ...'-j N ext mornin g I was up at daybreak) ha'd^ breakfast) humped my swag, and wasj away before: the boll birds had ceased( their morning hymn. The gold I'hadr .safely'secured in niy belt, my opmpas8j 1 was in. liiy pocket, and my faithful Der-iv i ringer' hung-at my hip. ' I It was, a, glorious morning! . . Nothing' |I have 'ever seen .pan 'compare, '-for, jgorgeous colouring, for bright yet'splemtt ' lieauty, '-ivith, a summer '.'sunrise', -in 'ihe'1 ; mountain district of New .Zea,land'. r.'-Pairj jabove ' the .dim blue gray, 'h'a^ea.,ihajl:. {envelopes the earth) shoot into' ihb'upper, iair the 'pure'^yhitesoalps-bf'the 'glacier-^ jtopped peaks, whioh ' stand' in'' cbnfuse'd'j- profusion on every hand. Then Slo wiy |the dull sky is striped :with flakes of Ipurple turning to red and ambor, and [then to: floods as of molten , gold. , The.^ | white ice peaks and snow. fields are tiritedv' {with a' delioate pink — the pink of the ;nautilus, whioh creeps, apace down the [slope, glinting brightly on the sharp prominences, and turning : , the dark r [shadows into rich purple. Then up isprings the sun from bis vast bath in the jfar away east, and peak overlapping peak, glittering.like scattered masses of 'diamond, spring into huge .tongues of prismatic fire. ? : ' ' . ? : ' |! Such, a scene as -.this I: saw On' that [early Decembeir;; morning,' as I* skirted Mount : Hyde, with the giant Motatapu 1 ion my left shoulder, -forcing: my way ' through- the tangle of supple-j aok,; fern', £ and flax, of the' low-lying ' bush) and, then up, up through' the thick red blos somed ratu, tho dark birch and maple, and [the bright-leaved veronica, and. still lip, ' v jover the beds of moss, box scrub: and! [snow grass, to the bare summit 'oi; the 'saddle, 6000 feet high. - Then, what a -view ! i Far away in :tho north-w;est, th,a f dazzling glaciers.: of ; Mounts ;Eamslau, 9000ft., and Aspiring, 10,000ft;..' in alti-I tude, and arpund ;on. every hand a vast, seoiof mountains, of every'possible variety ? of shape and ruggedness, the iclouds. 'and mist floated far beneath :me. ,:,The Iprospeot was most bewildering, and;everil' [to my practised oye.^the' , possibility : of reoogriising any particular; /mountain) except .those .with wluch I,';was familiar, iseemed almost hopeless.,';: ,: .1 :Up 'to ? within a- few. hundred ifeetifof. the summit there had been' a clearly, [defined and well blazed track) for it was1 :one frequently usod by,trayellerS'bet\veen'_ :the Shotover and the Upper Arrow and iCardrowa diggings, ' but 'at ; the -point- where I stood there \vas ri.bthing'il,but [bare rook, arid therefore:ribugbt'(tb'g^ride ' ime to the next timb er. , - .Still I knew; that,r my course was nearly, due east, and-I could see the Motatapu- river rushing north-.', ward .at the foot 'of the7 mbuntain, a couple of thousand fbet.beibw.me;; :.With iout, a ; moment's fhesitatiori), ,there[fpre, ,,I. \- descended, after consulting, my compass, making in the direction; of a distant: lofty- mountain, , which, ; f rOm its ; rounded' tpp, ; I took to be Mount Pisa'.,' I soon -reaphea- the: timber, but , \^!.q^te')uMple)K;J.Aqd; any sign of the .track, lialthotigh. I-ii&usfc;' have- lost 'many miles by ^travelling Ma.' zig.-zag direction in.bfder'to- recover 'the blazed' line.'' 'Clearly' I ^Wa^'^'^iriy pourse, . ibutf that: caused ...mei.^np'^np-i easiness, as the country, although rugged, was open, and' I was' travelling eastwatd.r \- By -noon' I 'had 'left the last .-'timber behind'' irie, had'bros^6d.';)b1ii^, llbtiatii^a and several other smaller ; 8treams)|and hoped to cross .the Gar'drowa e^e- night fall.'- But as I advanced further into; the solitudes \tjie co.v^ritry ' grew: more ''and more rugged,' ]and !.m!6re than' once I .ha'd ,to.. retrace:-, my.. Btjepsv',,r:'At)[IlaSit)'j[jaftpf climbing the,,, shoulder. 1 of; a ilofty.^biil, Hvhich I- afterwards; learnt . was;'Palled Middle jPoak, -I was ' broright/to 'a' dead Standstill by 'arriyirig ; ' at' s'the '; .edge -}oi ' ' k pr ecipice,' . ^overlooking, Va. '.^deep), [vr^ky ravine; ? surrburidedi : so. ,far, .as' I [pomd see, 'by inacce.ssiblP) cliffs. viiit ' .HowevorunpleasnJrit; therb waSnOthing 'for it[but ' 't'o; turn 'j-baokl- and', try nii'dflier Troute.1-',: ,'^pmetimes 'i .Bji'drng)11, so^aeiinies scrambling, I '? arriyedi[at thej ipot) pf the range,' and: skirting ?.itj!-fpund';inyself- at -the' entrarice o'f 'a'wide. igorge or -'deflle, ..between twp lofty walls of pj^cijpitpua rook. ' As I ;a;Bingula.rt feBling:pf rappreliensipn^tole over me, a vague sensationiof lidread of 'Something) I knew not' what. ? ^ Besides, the place' 'Beemed ; strangely 'iamilidr. I had certainly rieyb'r'bee4;there . bdfbre,: and .yej; I.!found;[inyseii[uricpn sciously recogniwng the various- features of 'the :8cene, the cleavage 'in' the- rock, (the position Of aihugO ^bjUder^th'^ direc tibn ' 'of al ' dry,', ^atercpurBe; ''and ' [ other , circumstances), even to[ matters of detail. The further I advanced the more familiar did the place i become, ; and -[ -I i found myself intuitively following what seemed to be a practicable, route .amongst the huge and . piled! up,) masses-' of ? fallen rock. , ' , 1; Where, or howj, or'when, cOuld I have seen this place before? ' 'or ? even * ^Ttwi.— Tho Aptorj'x,. a ?wingless bird of Now Zealand. \- i Kakapo, Kh'Ka.~ Now Zpaland pnrrots. ? ' $ Tuiu.— A. poisonous plant, fatal to cattlo. Tho Maoriea .express, un , intoxicating liqupr from tho berries* any placo like it? I carried- my memory bnok to tho places I had been it^v ,;Tp thb;chasms and gullies of New, Sputh'Wales and Gippsland, the ravines; of Shoajhavcri and the Blue Mountains, and ^lie.Mumiy Gates. Farther, back to the .(j(lnons,and quebradasl of Mexico., Still jfurther.-.to the mountain passes, in. Derbyshire^ and ' Wales. No, nothing like'tbisj^any, of. thorn. ? $0 jflfl; I, .hayo'.: dreamt it? , It seemed impossible. ' Was I dreaming now ? No, I ^aSjWjd^-ayake, and.every sense on the alert'.-. iWas'^'.glainour.?. Pshaw, .rion sferiso'; besides, tlio holders and masseB. of,b^oi\i:en!?;pck were real, as I could fool. I paused irresolute 'for.' a moment, but, although , ray heart was knocking at my ribs' and my whple frame shivering with a namejesa.te'rjtor, something seemed to impel mejoi^Ward, as. if I iyore ; seeking dpjoi^^ingJ ImV knew not what. Yet there iappqaied'tp be something lacking. The'plaoo was the same as' I. seemed to Kayo seen, tb'efbre and yet different. I soon knew how. Even, as, I thought, a gentle sough' oi wind sighed down the ravine, the sky darkened, a light - rain began to fall, and, as is frequently, the case in;, these mountain districts, a thunder storm pamaon, peal on peal reverberating amidst jthe- sofitudes with, a hideous clang. . That was it. . If I. knew the place before, how much better did I laiow ifc riow, for every flash of lightning, every burst : of thunder, seemed to be merely .the reflex of what had been soared into my brain, at some remote period, ages t ago, perhaps. And with all, and through; all; came a vague consciousness, an idea which I could .not form into shape,' of . crime, a dim foreshadowing of terrible evil; Still, and although I would fain have retraced my path, an invisible power forced me forward in my search for the mysterious something of which I knew nothing, but which X had a pre sentimentfl, should find. At last ; it came. The gorge or chasm down which I was proceeding grew narrower and still more narrow, more ~ gloomy and savage, until it opened out into, a aearly; circular pit, perhaps a hundred . yards across. Yes, there was what' jfj, sought, and my , heart gave a lipiind pf . terror as. I recognised it. To my left,, and j not, twenty yards from me, yawned,, the mouth of a wide cavern in thejooky; Wall.-' Gladly would I have fle41j'f?pm11tliei spot, . but my trembling limbs ' still tore me onward. . I was fasci nated^ anil' passed within. Yes, exactly the same. In the dim half light I could 'distinguish the charred embers in the makeshift fireplace, the huge block of stone that served for a table, the smaller boulders that had been placed as seats. The floor was covered with a kind of fine shingle of disintegrated granite and quartz, but here and there were patches and splashes of black, which I felt were the stains left by human blood. Had this then been one of the sacred caverns of an extinct tribe of Maories, and these stones their sacrificial altars ? No, no, a thousand times no. I knew, I had the conviction burning iu my very soul, that those stains were the signs of a still more terrible crime. But what crime ? I seemed to have a consciousness, a dim, faded out, and yet ghastly recollection of one — whether as a spectator, or as one concerned, I could not tell. Whether, as I have said, it was merely the indistinct remembrance of a dream, I did not know, but that there was more beyond I felt assured. I ? looked round the cavern fearfully, as if I expeoted my ' eyes to be blasted with a new gorgon.' The thunder rolled sullenly without, the wind screamed down the gorge in fitful gusts, and the rain fell with a constant and dismal plash, but all within was as still as tho grave. The cavern narrowed off at its extremity into a, kind of natural gallery, which again shot off into two openings, or inner caves, and into the left hand one of these I felt that I must go. I went, slowly, cautiously, unwillingly, step after unwilling step, over that rocky floor, until I entered. Then my dream, or foreboding, or foreknowledge — call it what you will — was out. There, prone oa the ground, lay the skeletons of two men. The bones and some vestiges of clothing were there ; the rats had done the rest. With a wild scream of horror I turned and fled, the outer cave seemed to spin round me in a mad whirl, and I must have fainted. * ? When I recovered consciousness, the storm was over, but it was growing dark. I sat up on the floor and tried to collect my thoughts. Suddenly I remembered where I was— what I had seen — and I sprung to my feet in order to rush from ' the acoursejl, spot. I had. almost reached the entrance; -when ' I '.-was- 1 suddenly startled and stopped. :by hearing the ' voices as of men' in' loud dispute coming down the gorge.' My first impulse was to hail them, but it las suddenly flashed aoross .my mind ;that I was alone, and that I.had a valuable loti.of.gold iu my belt, and what could honest men be ?doing in an out-of-the- way place like this? True, they might, , like myself, have lost their way ; ; still ;it' was better to be safe. I was armed, . and if—great heavens! I all \at, once ? remembered I had, a week-before, taken -my revolvor to pieces for the purpose of i cleaning it, had found the ', contre ,pin somewhat worn, and had put it on one side, intend ing to have sent it down to Dunedin'to be repaired, and had put the imperfect, and consequently , useless . , instrument back into the case and forgotten all about it. I was unarmed. : What was to be done ? Shuddering as I passed the left hand oavity, I darted, into the right hand one. I found myself in what seemed to bo a narrow passage ;or gallery;.: sloping up ward, so far as I could distinguish in tho semi-darkness,- into the rocky heart of the mountain. - Stumbling over the un even floor, I proceeded. 'about a dozen yards forward, when further ingress was blocked up bya- ihugelmass of granite, whioh seemed to have been rent from tho roof by some convulsion , of nature. Crouching behind a large fragment of stone, I stopped and listened. Presently, I heard the tramp of footsteps entering the outer cave,' and the voices of men loud.iini. dispute, ; ;The .domerlike.roof ca used i the ivoices .to; have a singular dis sonant Sound, and . yet, ' iu common with what.- Ihtyve,, seen, of the gprge and the cavern, .-they, [ appeared , to :be, , in some reniotp imanner,- familiar, not, only the voices -.thetp selves, ; but the conversation, whichil: seemejluto; have . heard before. It i wits ..pot. ^uite, da'rk,-ye.t, r;and,;as ,1 peered t- downward,;,. from i, behind ;my hiding-place,, I saw, four truculentlook ing, ruffians ; three of;thein seated on the boulders 1 1; have /mentioned, and the fourth lighting a fire with a heap i of 'Wild-, Irishman.* , Two.;pfr, them I knew;' they belonged to the party camped lower down the Shotover than, we were; tho other two wero strangers. They were ;at . high words,, and- the oaths and .blasphemy ; with which, their; *. 'Wild Irishman,',', a prickly plant' growing, in tlie Rulliea 'of this treeless region' It is used as ftiel by diggers and others in thcao districts. — ?: language was interlarded wero terrible to hear. At first I could not catch their conversation, but, as thoy calmed down somewhat, I soon found that I was the subject of it. The one who spoke most had a slight impediment in his speeoh, and him I recognised as a suspicious character, known as Stuttering Harry, a ? recent importation from Victoria, who, if : report spoke truth, was not entiroly unacquainted with tho interior arrange ments of Pentridge. ' I toll you I heer'd 'im plain enough arrange to start this mornin', an' to go by the Mount Harris track. Very well, that's tho M!ount Harris track, ain't it ? and thero ain't no other.' 'Maybe he might have passed us,' suggested anothor of the ruffians. 'Patsy Carroll, you always was a fool,' was tho savage retort. 'How could he pass us ? Didn't we wait for him at the' South Branch ford sinco mornin', and ho couldn't git acrost any where else, could he ?' 'Maybe he wint th' other way, or maybe ho didn't start at all,' persisted the one addressed as Patsy Carroll. 'Maybe this, maybe that,' was the reply. ' I toll you I was list'nin' out side the tent for half-an-hour, and heard it all. A hundred ounces he was to take, to como this way and no other, and to start at sunrise.' This then accounted for the footfall I had heard behind the tent the previous night. From their further conversation, I found that thoy had started from their camp at midnight, andhad waylaidmoata narrow passnear the fordof theMotatapu ; their object being not only robbery, but murder.' They had waited for me all day, and had come for shelter to the cave at night, believing that I had got hushed and had camped, and knowing that Imust pass that way next day. I learnt, too, that this place, which was a quarter of a mile or so off the track, waS a haunt of theirs, and that the remains I had seen in the other chamber were those of two of their victims, their rule being to spare no one whom they, robbed, but to take both gold and life. What an escape I had had, or, rather, had I escaped at all ? No doubt they would leave early in the morning, so as to be ready for me, as they thought, a t the ford, but how was I to pass the night I did not dare move, and my constrained'' position began to weary me. Had I not better make a dash for it.. Nonsense ; they were all armed to the teeth, and I was defenceless. As I thought, my eyes had become a little more accustomed to the darkness, and I saw on my loft hand what seemed to be a narrow opening in the rocky wall. As I strained my eyes to peer into the gloom. T slightly altejed.mv position, and, in doing so, moved a stone, which rolled noisily down the passage into tho main cave. In an instant every man was on his feet. They stood for a second, and then with a wild yell, rushed for the gallery where I was. Unhesi tatingly, and without a thought of con sequences, I darted into the opening on my left, and plunged madly foiward into the thick darkness, regardless of falls over the rough footway, or bruises against the jagged walls. One, two, three pistol shots were sent after me, and I heard the flullets flatten against the ? rock, but I was not hit. Deeper, and still deeper into the unutter able blackness I fled, along a tortuous path, sometimes to my right, then to my left, feeling my way with bleeding hands and arms. At last, completely fagged with my exertions, I stopped to rest and to listen. Not a sound. I had. rushed madly on, I knew not how far, into the bowels of the mountain. It was enough that Iwas for the present beyond pursuit. But would the sleuth hounds abandon the chase ? Would they not follow me, were they not then warily but surely track ing me to the death? Or, still more probable, would they not wait for me at the entrance, whither starvation must sooner or later drive mo. I had provisions which, taken spar ingly, would last me four or five days, but what then? Besides, I had no water, and I knew by bitter experience the pangs of thirst. Again I listened, laying my ear to the ground to catch the slightest distant footfall. The darkness and the silence were profound — a darkness that could be felt, a silence that seemed to render audible the voiceless stream of time. Strange to relate, but I suppose my worn-out physical endurance could stand no more, iu the midst of my dismal re flections I fell asleep, at first into a broken and troubled doze, but afterwards into a sound, refreshing slumber. I have no idea how long I slept. It might have been ininut6S or hours. I had no means of ,, judging. There was no day; no night.1 The same dense,- impenetrable blackness; the same insupportable silence. It was as if I had been hurled into. oblivion; been precipated into an eternity where there was no life save in myself ; no time save -that which- fleeted past me. .As I awoke. I started up, the whole inoident; flashing aoross ? my brain — the start, the lost track, the double memory of the.icave, the bushrangers, and the flight. What was to be done ? : 'Should Lgo on, still further along this fearsome path, or should , I return and brave my fate? .But stop1! - Which was forward, whioh was backward ? My heart gave a sudden bound: a8 J remembered that I had turned round more than once in the dark, and had nothing to guide me as to whioh way I had come or was going. For the first time I struok a match, and looked, about me. I was in a narrow, but rather' lofty; and apparently very tortuous (for I could only see a few feet beyond, hue- on either side) gallery or fissure . in a dark, purplish, granite rook. I consulted: my. compass;1 and saw that fromithe spot where I stood the cave ran north-west and south-east, but that told menothing. -At u, venture I took the former course. Put ere I had gone many yards I per ceived a ? now and undreamt of peril. Tho gallery branched 'off nearly at right angles into two arms; and, as I still proceeded, I found that the whole inte rior of the mountain' was a network of subterranean ohambers and corridors, leading from and to one another, like the meshes in, but without the regularity of, a spider's web. This, then, accounted for tho robbers not having ? followed tne. They knew that to have ventured into the intricacies of this network ofcaverns was to bo'lost, and I— why, thenj and I— ? I was lost. As the' truth flashed aoross my brain, I almost staggered with terror. Iwas lost, buried alive , in the heart of this labyrinth. I hurried on'in the darki ? recklessly and at random, sometimes1 striking a match to. see if I could identify a path by whioh I had come. No ; the same grim and gloomy rock on either hand, the same unending darkness be fore and behind me. i Oh, but this is too terrible ; and I felt 1 my heart khook at my ribs, and the cold perspiration start from every pore as I ? contemplated :the future* To linger in this dismal prison-house, to wander through these ondlesB colls, for per chance two or three days, and then, whon nature can bear no furthor, to lie down on tho stony floor, and wait for the end. Would it not bo bettor to finish it at once than endure this living doath, this torture of susponse ? No ; lifo was still sweet, and . thero was at least the chance of escapo from this awful doom. But no time must bo lost. Like tho accursed Hebrew, I must go on, on, on; no rest, no pause. Hour after weary hourl pressed forward, taking a snatch of food as I wandered. Hour after weary hour in tho darkness, for I had expended my ;last match, and still no sign of deliver ance. Was it day or night? I knew not. Was the sun shining brightly over head outside, while I here? Oh, horriblo ! i And in a day or two would my mates be expecting me, looking anxiously for tho one who would never, never, never come — who would be lying, stricken to doath perhaps, in this dreadful placo. Tho thought was madness, and I felt my brain reel under it. Still I went on. I screamed, I shouted, I sang, I prayed, I blasphemed by turns, yet kept over on, walking, and frequently stumbling and falling, in my short snatches of sleep, but I soomed no nearer to tho end of this interminable maze. A faint, dreamy kind of feeling of progression came over me. I felt no hunger, no thirst ; I experienced no fear, no anxietjr, no fatigue. In the darkness I saw visions of houses, castles, green fields, wide forests, noble rivers ; and yot through all was the never-ceasing feeling that I must go on. Was I then going mad, or was this indeed madness ? Waking, as from a deep sleep, Hooked round me; for a time unconcernedly, as if it were too muoh trouble even to think. Then I began to muse wonderingly on what I saw. A nicely furnished room, with a clock ticking cheerily on the mantel-shelf, and a row of medicine bottles on each side of it. A bed, with hangings of mosquito net, and myself lying in it, and disinclined to move. . Who, then, was ill ? Was it I ? It must be so, and if so, what was the matter with me ? Let me try to think. No, I give it up ; I cannot remember. Three _ days later dear old George Mosely is seated by my bedside. He has told me all he knows. I was in the Bridge Hotel, Cromwell, where I had been for over a week, and Jack Marsh had taken all sorts of care of me. It had been a near squeak, though. A party of diggers prospecting on the Lower Card ro wa, near Mount Alpha, had come across me mad with brain fever, but still making onward, shouting and singing as I went. How - 1 had got there they could not | imagine, for I appeared to have come from the direction of the ranges, where there was neither track, nor, as they said, the possibility of finding one. They had taken me to their camp, and had kindly enough, and at no little trouble and expense, brought me down to Crom well for medical attendance. I had been talking the most outrageous nonsense ever was heard about caves, and murders, and bushrangers, and — but there, what was the use of talking — it was all happily over now, and in a day or so I should be able to be up. When I grew stronger, and as the dread incidents I have related became more and more clearly imprinted on my memory, I called George and the doctor together, and, as connectedly as I could, told them my story. They humoured me by pretending to believe it, but I could see that they put it down as the mere sick fancies of a fevered brain. I was still too weak to argue, so I let them have their way, determining some day to convince them. But I never have. I have sought in vain for the gorge and cave (for my mates have even humoured me so far as to go with me in search), and sometimes am inclined to believe with them that it is a fevered dream. Still it is singular that the party lower down the river should have suddenly disappeared when it was rumoured that I had been found, and that Stuttering Harry and Patsy Carroll were never again heard of in those parts. That is my story, and that is how I am grey, nay, white, at forty. 