MELBOURNE. (from our own correspondent. ) Friday Evening. As tne political sea is settling down into more peaceful ripples, • the talk concerning i politics is naturally abating, and excitement 1 will be less conspicuous until next Thursday, when the polling takes .place at West Mel bourne, the nominations haying been duly made to^day. The only item of political in terest is the projected Conservative Club which is to be established for the consolida tion and promotion of intercourse amongst the members of the party whose name i it bears. The capital of the proposed establishment is to be fixed at £6500, and the entrance fee 'will tax the genuine ness of the political principles professed by its members, for it is intended that it shall be fixed at £100. If the project is carried to a successful issue, its promoters consider that a suitable domicile ean . be found at the corner of William-street and Chancery lane, which will be a convenient locality for gen tlemen representing some of the interests which must necessarily be comprehended in itl - .The weather having now "set fair," ! great expectations are entertained that the I regatta to-morrow will be better attended j than it has been for the past few years. The J Committee have taken steps to provide more suitable accommodation for their lady patrons, and have obviated in a great mea sure the unsuitabfiity of the site from which , the majority of the spectators are compelled | to view the racing. i An inquest washeldto-dayupon thebodyof | tlm laborer who drank a bottle of carbolic acid which he found in. a building he was em- 1 ployed to clear out. It "was shown that the , bottle was clearly labelled, hut the deceased | was unable to read, and tbat no blame at tached to anyone, except perhaps the resi dent officers of the Hospital, who, it was alleged, did not treat him until after he had | been in the Hospital nearly twenty minutes, j It was shown that his life could not have been saved, and a verdict of accidental death I was recorded. A peculiar feature of the case was that after he had drunk the liquid he I still believed he had taken wine. A return made by Professor Pearson, to tbe order of the Legislative Assembly, with respect to the suitability of the books used ] in State schools, evidences one of the sources of trouble with which an "Education, Com missioner has to deal. The Professor has marked some of the passages in the new ex purgated series of " kelson's Royal Headers " to which he thinks objections may be taken | by some of the religious denominations. These are— "God teaches children when they pray To do his holy wilL." This, .he thinks, implies a doctrine as to the J efficacy of prayer by itself, which would not he admitted by Roman Catholics; and he ! thinks the same body would object to the j stories of Hagar and Noab being given ; and j to two staozas of a, poem of .Montgomery's I that the Bible is essential to religious teach ing. Another passage asserts a theory of the I Fall of Man, which he considers might be j offensive to the Chinese; as also an extract i from a speech of Mr John Bright, which pro ceeds on the assumption that all are Chris tians ; and another, stating that after the Crucifixion " the Jews had been plunging deeper and deeper into sin and wretched ness," is, bethinks, calculated to give offence to that body by impliedly condemning their rejection of Christianity. . If such care is taken by the Education Department to pre vent the inculcation of religions instruction, I can only say that no better proof could be given of the complete divorce which has I been consummated between secularism and j religion. Talking of the Education Department re minds me that a notice has been published that the State school teachers will not re ceive their salaries for this month until the I Appropriation Bill becomes law. As tbat j event cannot happen before Tuesday next, tbe unfortunate teachers will have to exer cise their financial ingenuity to make both ends meet for about half the month. Mr F. L. Smyth's motion that the Bouse go into Committee to determine how to bring the Gippsland line to a point on a practicable road from which, the traffic can be carried on, is not very likely to be enter- j tained this session, and there is great reason I to fear that during the winter months the | carriage of goods will have to be stopped. The theatrical world is at present in a state of crisis. A large number of "pros" are doing the block, and waiting for some manager to turn up who can make the ghost walk regularly. Mr Harwood has returned from Sydney, and to- morrow night we are to have a new minstrel troupe. The Aca demy is doing a fair business, but Mr Coppin Has not had so many people to call " Ship Ahoy" as he would probably wish to enter tain. It is said, also, that it is not only the outsiders, but even some of the people in regular employment, from the highest to the | lowest, who have at the present time to revive their knowledge of "A New "Way to Pay Old Debts" and "Avast, Bailiffs 1" As your readers are no doubt: probably aware, the electorate of West Melbourne is I at - present in rather a chaotic state. Mr Francis has his supporters and opponents, so, also, bias Sir Bryan O'Loghlen ; and from ] what I can hear the contest will be an ex ceedingly close one. Mr Francis addressed ! a large number of electors this afternoon at | the timber yard of ' Messrs Sharp and Co., and, although, he met with some slight in- I terruptions, his remarks and review of the j present political situation were carefully lis tened to. At this stage it would be premature to hazard any opinion as to which party will gain the victory, bnt at present it is not.only a house to house canvass, hut a-canvass of the vote of man and man. The'Govern ment' is apparently determined to wrest victory, and the supporters of Mr Francis are equally resolved. Two young men were brought before the City Police. Court .to-day upon a charge of assaulting and robbiug.oue of those unfortu nate Persians who were brought tQ this colony some months ago, in order to teach: the athletes the game of Polo. Some difficulty arose at first as to how the prosecutor should be 8worn, so as to enable the magistrates to receive his evidence. Eventually he suc ceeded in making himself, understood, and the offenders were each fin^t* 20s, with 10s costs, the charge being altered to one of a common assault. *. - ', At a preliminary meeting of the Melbourne Cricket Club, held this af ternoon, it was de cided that steps should be taken to introduce to this colony a team of gentlemen cricketers for the season 1378 and 1879, and in the event'of their failing to get a sufficient number of gentlemen players, a team of pro fessionals should he resorted to. .Nothing decisive was arrived at. : The health of Mr Justice Fellows is I gradually improving, and his friends are in full hopes that, under the skilful treatment of Doctors Gunce and Teague, he will ulti mately recover. The Captain of the ship Cardiganshire, who stands charged with haying committed an unlawful assault upon one of his seamen during his voyage to this port, was brought before tbe Williamstown Police Court to day, and after evidence was taken, the ac cused was committed to take his trial at the next General Sessions. The facts of the case have been already published. Bail was al lowed. 