j8is,to be hoped those gentlemen who formed themselves mtor-h sUbmmittee to Choose u Conservative I cajf&iata; to be nonunatedL.for the neat; Mr. |Iacpheruon Is ahpnYfo vacate; will; b& vary carefal what they do at their &et;»nrating to be held (this evening. Husliaj necessary, because everything depftnfei ikon unity, and 'it eeems open to onwip whether the courae adopted in ||e .(formation of a committee was a wisejpnfes ' -Jit the first place, it is at presefttr irixHornvdy a Hamilton committee, , 'vftereaa the .electorate of Dnndas inclodes a popofons stfetchAf coaufliy aau-jliiflie wei&jgkB; the Chetwynd,-and a8"forfo'iflie /nortii have power to:- lncreaso fir number, important bufiineaS' is done. StUj the tfe In'tfe>lMit SylGasao- maine, we of division that mafche sometimes rauseddri; unconsciously ttadiffi 9 ip8itii coma When M Jarl called af«v of hp supporters togedrer, arid these pprtmoB - fwA upon ProfoBaor Pearson vf sncceefl him, the whole electorate was np in ;mn The constituency was a Liberal one, and this r fact was so thoroughly Jackntfwledged that no JCoMenmtive ;en- tered the field. Yet Liberal people became annoyed at what they considered an "wwarranted inteSrence -witfYSfiiF freedom of choice, and they started Mr. Chapman, another Liberal, to oppose ahtfGevertiment tanriidBter—As -it-bape penpd.iProfesaprPesrfifflnjpreyod ffitroog enough to bead the poll, butjheppntest was £QJose ime, atidi the result-might- have been othervv&e.; " Now 'weJ fhon!d like to know.wbattherea toprev,mtthe(onya- gamtin Dnadasofri law-Mid-opdet leas, or eome aQBlagous orguusstton— -am a- nociatioii that .conld be joined by evei gf- body "who sympathised with its objritg. lf sncb ail association : chose' to pick-« candidate, or if it delegated a committto J to do so, the selection would, )» Jhe choice of jhei whole body, and the can didate wbttld.be the nominee of the en tire-conservative party. It ia ; hardly sufficient to eay that- Mr- Macphereon publicly advertised his desire to inhet his frieudsj-aud that anybody who called himBelf a Mend might have attended. This would "scarcely constitute sufficient notice, because ,the intention to select a .uljfrAn was not "notified," nor waa it stated' that those who failed lii giving theii- attendance, would -be excluded from taking part in the nomination of tiie candidate, unless "by . courtesy they proenred the addition of- their names to the committee, in.time tdhkve a Bay ih the basin eea , We need pot go into the larger question that a .retiring representa tive .deals witii the. whole constituency when hererigns his -seat, for it has ,pl: , ways beetitxewgniaed, we believe titat a member gives np his, -seat to those who put him ..into it, and not to those who might have done, ., or would do, their best to pot him out of it This xb entirely a matter of 1 taste we -should eay, and -as; the Castle- ' mains .episode 8hewB. nfi,. the Liberals adopt the samp tacticswhen It puits them, i Therefore., the 'Ago has ripjnstificationfor ! calling o.ut7'Ob fiel"' as "it does in its Sissne of. gttbprd?T .">81, deciamog that : Dnndas is , coiistitnBncy which Mr. ' Mftyhpi undertakes to- carry abont b» ;liis popket -unfil the hqle-and-ojrnbr ! meeting which , he lately convened shall jfind a fitting successor for the embodi- iment of eo mnchywlitical irirtue, when !he will hand it|>ver to him." ; The curions 'will find a whole colnmn of the same sort jof stuff in the radical ojgsn, -and wp only Imention it to chow how narrowly the |actionR- «f the Hamilton committee, -are ibeing watched, and how desirable it is 'that, as they are bound to be aboBed by ithe'ir political oppobratfij'. tliey- should fsechre ' the united approbation of their own party.- j "The effect of disunion- can very easily I be predicated, i -H local jealousy were j permitted' ointerfore,' the probii) lities jarethat"it"WooMbe;fouhd,UmppaMhle itot agree-' "upon -a loeri- inan. -The radi-; 'cals, .by their isUlimbr organisation, ! would not tie fikBfy.;j$ iito'-flaff'irife 'take, -and the- consequence jnight be :that the law-and- order party wonldjiave to put'forwarel a stranger or a"Mel- 'bbhrbe' politician toildo liattle im theirf :cause, against a candidate who, no mat- Iter what his political views might be, would still carry with him anch eyw- ipathy as might be expected to epring- from a-'rtwdeiice in the riistrict, and a knowledge of its wants. If the con stituency remains .tnxe . to its former instincts, .no Begyite ; would stand the ghost of a chance in Dnndas, and to use jthe favourite phrase, we, believe "the great hperf-bf jthe people" ofthe'electorate to bebtili""bbnnd." But for all tha'the hdvocatea of law and order cannot afford to lose a poiht, or to present their adver- taries with an advantage. We recom mend tbem to take all due' precautions fajfifinriiig Iffiiqr amongst £ themseiss,; and ..hen -they have, found their man let them, determine to - carry, their . point by working together with a will. When jet see the people in other . electorates doing this, and guaranteeing all expenses into the bargain, it is not too mpch to expect t|iat..a committee .undertaking, thefrespouBibility of nominating " a cah-1 didabe for Dnndas, should'be prepared to. brmgtheir man in without tbe - risk -ofi fitiUfrit' 'Scarcity of Candidates has little" of 'nothing' to do irith lt. Qncet)et it be be sren that the commnnity is raally in' earmst; ud he would -be e enrionskind of individual, iwho, bping Sdeetby the" anirhops | vpjee of the , coiurvatiVe , party, would refuse to do lus duty to.fh'p; State on the iprasent Emergency. . But the Committee, who invite the 'candidate1 in the name of the constituency to contest tbe eTCSonalmirid at leasjj'bie" a" nsjM- sen tali ve oldej-fbr it "would- be-' no' rim- plimeut to any person to bC aaked by a self-appointed . body of men, nnjeas they weto in themiselves 'snfficie'ntly numerons toen8are a gitod prospect of snccras, and to prevent .the-pqblffity of their beigg denominatedja cliquey , ; - — i '- A WhErE 'are the apprils against the Land ax to be fheffni.|f is.a gnjon thkt now causing, rxo small amount bf arixrety amongtaj jthat'jAectipo'uf toe community rhich the Ministry so atoentiy desires to " hnimipAxItjja that toe classifications are -Dearly all in the knikft&e;&fee; flommi&iona; buttfiaf po wetftoi tHnmvirato abto jpveftntijbint astowhae itririUfholdjita «ourt.:! )Y?1< Apprehend .it .will bp ,thc!ffitycpfstoei GovertRnent' to iSsae isnstractions foe Land Tax Goufts' to 4>e beld in'variOtt parts of thecordpyjend they W)U rot go;fe wtongif they dfedlae that steals agaliMt toe clasmfieMioiLBbattbe heardjUi every . tourt.of tois will curjfilay. j pj»erye that <ine of onr contemporaries Jhints at snch « course .top. would, in fact, , .seriously , reduce the , tovenne from -the tax whieh'is expected! to reacht'i£140,'006 |uinaaIly,';i>iltT"thSBl most not IwWowed tb stebdtoe toSfJ Np S. fli to all who arecalled nponto pay the uul Were -a plea of economy, to hold good in. tois case, it niight,5 wito equal . reason, be urged that.AU .courts j ns tice jtoonld be held is Melbonrner /Li u ppwnotwI6ns thatnotafe wof toiBenVontto', Vtdoe aha , classify estat ignored the hint tali to have been thrown out by MriBerty, , to giv<B as little cause for complwntiasj nbMCitod; fo'voiif isrtobrted to-be jBerionaly . piuipjed imh . toatobsdl feeult tof toe tex.> By-tomS ; UMSKK <4# etotth a mnto or evx aa ,tento,;4¥ ehonld have bee6x-ipi»rided, that > 'to to say, when compared with some estates. The owners of <Buch- properties wonld mn|h ltoe toappwl, fijt unless local cotots are h4|, will itonally be pro- hA&mdngto.; fitrero.nta pay totake a nnmber of witnesses down to Melbonrne, and ran the risk of having to pay their expenses there for several days On the other hand, nniesa, the clsssifica- 'tomTbe'xltotud, fchtoo JiroprietorB will be nearly riuned, and may eventually find it necessity to sacrifice their estates at a vi'""heav3rioss oh tos onginal price paid. It may appear to aome that we are taking an exaggerated view of the case/but itis a -fort, that after pajung expenses and the Land Tax, there arei some landowners who mil aot have; sufficient left to live npon respectably.! The properties we refer to, wonld -be thpriaomprismg poorest o"xl, 3uoee which happim to beheayfly mbrtgiged. Independently however, of this view: of the case, we maintain that no matter what position a man may oc- cnpy, rbe he .wealthy as Dives or poor -as Lazarns, he has a right ..to be placed on anetjnal footing with- his fellow colo- nisis: It toonld be tire desire, as -it hft- donbtedly is the. ddty of the Govern ment to do what it reasonably can to make the courts as accessible and justice as cheap to him as to his compeers resid ing in proximity to Melbourne, and a few thousand pounds expense shonld not. be allowed to stand in the way. Besides, it most be remembered' that once the classification has - been con- finned by the Commissioners, it will re tain that classification so long as the class tax is'in force, or at all events, for a number of years. Tlusbeiug so, the expense of holding courts need be in curred only now and again, and will be the smallest of flea-bites, compared with the immense .amount of money that will eventually be drawn from the pockets of estate owners, and may do something to leeeen the dissatisfaction that at present prevails among them. 