'OIIR AMATEIJR THEATRICALS AT 3 BOOLONa. He jests at sears who necerfelt a woioiid — Romeo. One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boploug, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, P was when he made his first and only appearance as |an ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at'his , own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that He was. born to he an actorto tread the boards like the. great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his peculiar debut. On filiding the Melbourne and Sjnluey 'managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up hose, an appearance! in Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resblved'tb' "take the bull .by the horns" and get up. a company. of.his own: down at his place at Boolong, He/ went) to enormous expense in building a small theatre, purohasing wardrobe, having 'scenery painted — for Banbury -was- determined to do the,! thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a .kind,: ,fflf scratch company, many -of the.m. like himself, raw bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their -hour, upon- the i," stage,'' and .one or two see ly outcasts of iilie? professiori; and he Ipbked forward to the production of his pet play, , ;" Haiplet," himself as the Prince, with\much excitement, ' not uiialloypd with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a .j nionth's -.constant rehe'arsal, were pretty perfect in their (ivords. before; the curtain went up, but rfter it did iinpst of them "forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was . 'intoxicated, and the IGurj llkevvise tT/i/w/ia, an amateur, -burst into a nervous fit of tears . before she said a dozen lines. / Banbury was roarecTatby the Jpcal personages who 'assembled to assist at the amateur performauce. But this . was not the worst, for Banbury: found that when the bills came in the expense.was twice as large as. he had expected, and he could not meet theni. " The fellows, " he used to say, " allowed; me':to have whatever I wantcdfon.credit; because .. they knew that my rich lin'oIe iuAdeiaidb'a strict Method ist, would, pay .them, but; Iknew |Very -vyell'-he .w.ould -do. no such thing, when he;fp.und' they yygrej :f or theatrical trap-: plugs, for-iftherewas.gneithmgi lie held in abhorrence it,,, lyas the.tlieatre,''. What isy.as;he jto do;? ;-;cHis lUucle ;w;ould ; disinheidt'him,-turmhimp_ut;p.f3 houserhQ.;hadfhraished ' for Himj aud seiicL- him the world.;. ..."What, was he; . to do? ' His "creditbrs ivouldnoVwaitf and .1103: would b A miserable pauper. But for,al\this:-.iie,di lose his bouse, and his .popiy.unclejS ip'iyt>uie..m the /.bank -in his name, thankstp!thetimelybai<bpf-;-,bne.?y/4p ,is,.(Z to the (lra'n:aslveijas,d0Jtoj whopdvaucefi him th'e needfur. ' Ne'eclwe say fiis'uameV " No ;".'aU kuow him I But we may, as ,yeU remark .iL. was . thej c/tfl of the 'Tjbr ?:7; V ./ / . DAVID HBN-Ri?;, rof>62;,Collins street: east, . . "Who has from :!l5 to.i8l0,000 tpj.eqd on notes of hand, bills of sale (witb or without security), salary orders, Hfe policies; 'certificateS. deedsi-bili'hf-ladiug,- legacies, -goods, ' merchandise, on .expected remittances, or on moneys jier- sons may 'Be "entitled to fi-din'Bajlaiid'and elsewhere-j -etc.; ; repayable to' suit the convenience of Dorrowersr Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate' of - interest 'and mortgages from 6 per cent." ; / '! if .'-'! ; / ; 