ADELAIDE NEWS. r IFrom our Cit3 Correspondent.] Thursday, August 29. Our representatives seemed inclined for work ou Tuesday, and sat until nearly halfpast II. Mr Bray remarked upon the appointment of Sir William Millie as a Government arbitrator, and desired to know whether or not the appointment was an honorary one. The Attorney-General expressed an opinion that the appointment was in no way an infringement of the Act relating to offices of profit held by members of Parliament. The question was not distinctly answered by the Government, but from their remarks it may be gathered that they purpose paying Sir William certain fees. Mr. Bray intends taking further action iu the matter. The taxation debate was resumed, and Mr. Glyde's amendment in favor of a property tax and simultaneous reduction of Customs duties was negatived by 22 to 10. Mr. Ward's amendment was then taken into consideration, and the House adjourned until to-day. The Opposition are evidently eagerly watching for any opportunity of working up a no-confidence motion, and the reoent disagreement between the Minister and the Council of Education has afforded Mr. Ward the means of worrying the Government, and on Tuesday the honorable member for Gumeracha gave notice of a motion censuring the conduct of the Government iu this case. With reference to the same matter Mr. Parsons has moved for the production of papers, which will probably show what amount of blame rests upon the Minister. The settlement of this question wiil be anxiously looked for, as the fate of the present Ministry may perhaps depend upon the issue. The Ifiree being held on Wednesday, the House decided not to set on that day. A meeting was held in the Town Hall on Monday, August 26, for the purpose of considering the proposed income and property tax. Mr. John Clark, in moving a resolution against the adoption of the income tax principle, expressed a belief that it was necessary to increase the revenue, and that we should seek to do so by the imposition of a property ta*, while a fair amount should be collected through the Customs. Sir. S. Tomkiiison, J.P., seconded the resolution, but differed from the mover, inasmuch as he (Sir. Tom- Jrinson) considered that if necessary the Customs duties might be increased. He contended that to reach the absentees by this tax, we should first have to suffer from it ourselves. He also suggested a decrease of the present expensive Government establishments. Mr, Fraser proposed an amendment " That it is desirable to impose an income as well as a property taxbut as this was simply a negative of the original motion, the Chairman pointed out that those in favor of the amendment would accomplish their object by voting against the motion. Mr, E. Ward succeeded iu making an addition to Mr. Clark's motion, to the effect that incomes derived from mental or bodily labor should not be subjected to this tax, and in this form the resolution was carried. It was resolved that the feelings of the majority of the meeting should be embodied in a petition for early presentation to both Houses. The Council of Education, although near their dissolution, have lately shown that they have a considerable amount of energy left, and have protested strongly against their actions being overruled by the Minister with whom they have lately fallen out. It appears that a contractor for the building of asurburban schoolliouse was unable to procure the stone mentioned in the specifications, and therefore sought permission to use another quality, which being more expensive, he applied for payment for the increased cost. This the Council declined to grant; but the Government reversed this" decision, and ordered the payment of £170 in satisfaction of the contractor's demand. The Council at their sitting on Monday passed a string of resolutions protesting against the action of the Government, and expressing an opinion that it would greatly detract from the influence and use of the Council if their decisions were thus to be set aside. This was perhaps a reasonable line of action for them to pursue, but it is understood that they have now gone further, and Messrs. Camp bell, Barlow, von Treuer, and Saloin have tenedred their resignations. The "suspension of operations at the Wallaroo Mines, announced by the Superintendent on August 24, is a fruitful topic of conversation in the city. Captain Hancock pointed out that it was impossible to carry n the working of the mine at the present low price of copper. The men seemed to agree that the action of the Directors was justifiable. This unfortunate occurance will have the effect of throwing about 500 men out of employment, and must consequently have a serious effcet upon the trade of Kadina ; the tradesmen must inevitably be sufferers to a large extent; but with the large public works about to be carried out by the Government, it may be confidently expected that the miners will not experience great difficulty in obtaining employment until the mine commences working again, especially as theauthorities have lately been complaining that they were quite nnable to proceed with the works in hand in consequence of the the scarcity of labor. Some time ago it was made known that counterfeit florins were in circulation, and the police succeeded in tracing out some of the offenders, who apparantly were stopped for a time, but the scare lias been revived by an intimation that half-crowns now require to be tested, as several spurious coins have lately been noticed. National progress seems to entail the increase of crimes, to which we were strangers until our rising position made ns fair marks for the operation of those who live by their wits. The nominations of - candidates for the Legislative Council elections were made on Monday, August 26. The names of Messrs. Campbell, Hodgkiss, Inglebv, Murray, Pickering, H. Scott, W. D. Scott, Spence, Vaughan, and Young were read out, and the election fixed for Tuesday, September 10. The town footballers are to try conclusions on Saturday with a team of country players, and although there are Beveral of our best players nnable to take part in the match, our country cousins will find that their opponents will give them a hard tussle. A hree was held by His Excellency the Governor o:i Wednesday, and a very large number of presentations were made. Later the afternoon there was an immense attendance of ladies at the drawing-room held by Lady Jervois. The presentations on both occasions were much more numerous than usual. Mr. Creswick made his farewell appearance at the Theatre Royal on Monday night before His Excellency the Governor and _ arty. We are now having an opportunity of hearing a musical treat in the performances of Madame Tasca and her concert company. This lady's execution of pianoforte music is said to he quite equal to that of the renewed Arabella (ioddard. Mr. Rainford's Ghost audComedy company also assists in providing amusement for the city folk. 