JIM BLUDSO, OF TIE FRAIRIE BELLE. SWall, no I can't tell whai he lives, Because he don't lira, you see : Leastways, lie's got out of the habit Of livin' like you and me. lWhir have you been for the last three years That you haven't heard folks tell How Jimmy Bludso passed iii his checks, The night of the Prairie Belloe I He weren't no saint-them engineers. Is all pretty much alike One wife in Natchez under-the-Hill And another one here, in Pike. A keerless man in his talk was Jim, And an awkward man in a row But he never funked, and he never lied, I reckon he never knowed how. And this was all the religion be had To treat his engine well; Never be' passed on the river; To mind the Pilot's bell; And if ever the Prairie Belle took fire A thousand times he swore, He'd hold her nozzle agin the batik . Till the last soul got ashore. All boats has their day on the Mississip, And her day come at last The Mavaster was a better boat, But the Belle she wouldn't be passed. And so comeo tearin' along that night The oldest craft on the line, With a nigger squat on her safty valve, And her furnace crammed, rosin and pine. " .And burnt a clile in to&:n 'mi , And quickas flash she turned and made For that wilier-bank on the right. " There was runnin' and cursin', but Jim yelled out Over all the infernal roar, "I'll hold her nozzle agin the hank Till the last galoot's ashore." Through the hot, black breath of the 'burinin' boat Jim Bludso's voice was, heard, And they all had trust in his cussedness, . And knowed he would keep his word. And, sure's you're born, they all got off' Afore the smoke-stacks fell, '" And 'Bludso's ghost went up alone. In the smoke of the Paririe Belle. He'weren't no saint-hut at judgment I'd run my chance with Jim, ,'Longside some. pious, gentlemen That wouldn't shook hands with him. 'He'd seen his duty, a dead-sure, thing \- And went for it thar and then; And Christ ain't a going to be too.hard Ona man that died for men. After a man gets to be thirty-eight' years old,.he kant form 'any ew :-habits much, the best he kan'de iz to steer his old ones. " The Price She Paid" i the titl:lof a" u"y novel. : We don't;kunow what the article was but it is safe to say if 'she bought it at auction and another woman there was desirous of be come the owner also, the price she paid wvas, more than four times as muceh as it wai worth. ' Kentucky is the genuine .wonderland "of this country,:and armed with'a flask. or two of its pecialt product, one can almost see any-' thing there,-Boston Post. .The.best: means to learn ourfaults is to tell: others of theirs ;they will be too proud to be alone in their defects, and will seek them in us and reveal them to us. A littlegiil, whose papa was recdntly under, the influence of Micmdy and Sankey; ,wanted a second tart at suplier, and was refused it..', "Papi;,"she said abruptly, '' whi, do'you sing, ' Feed me till 1 'want no moro ' She got the tart. , \- Reliable. FaUo. Times : The teacher hadl told them who was king of Judah, and Israel, ani all the rest, and they,were about to take up another subject, when an inquiring.yuth back in the corner startled the class by asking ".Who. was the king of diamonds." 'A CA' leryman's Pnn.--A fancy lireaeher' in Louisiltle' was discoursing on the fall of' mani, and thus pictured the" scen' which took place 'in 'the gardeuof :Eden ':" Aiid they recognized the fono uof their nakedness and ivent and -made themselves aprons'of fig leaves-miserabl : shift !"': Being guiltless of any intention to 'usake a ptn, he was astonished- to'-see: lhow the congregation smiledd M''noadamo .Wallade Bushelle, a lady who for' may yesirsB has been enigaied in Sydney as a high-class teasher of voceal music, died and denly a few weeks ago:. She was the 'sister of the'late eminenti composer Viaieint Wi-' lace with whom she came to the colony many years ago, and hered was tmiahried to'Mlr.'John BishelleA. f1'liihsband died' a 'few, years after their union. 'At an early age she ex hibited fine musical talent, and after 'a isit to Australia retuined to Europe to' fulfil: en! 5agements'iu soime of the' great centres of art. She returned to Australia iii 1864, 'and afterwardls made it her hdnie. Since that period she trained as pupls a"vdiyy -lage pro? portion of the principal vocalists in' the colony,. "The delights of boyhood can never be re: peated in after life. The boy may .be sorry' that he eannot always be a boy, but the rest of the world is profoundly, grateful. We' thouglht of all this, the other "day-: while w'atcliing' one of. the innocent pranks: of a guiless youth. Seeing on the sidewalk a very illfavoured, hat, a hat that had seen better days, we' felt an irresistable inclination to ;kick it. :It is a curious fact that stalwart 'manhood, clerical and lay alike, always kicks a stray hat., On that :rresistablle tendency of human nature the hopes of boyhood are founded. The mucles of our right editorial leg were already contractiug wnen our good anugel whispered, " Remember your own lby. hood," and so we passed by on the other side. But we were morally certain that some one would wrlk along that Jericho road who had forgotten his boyhood. or had no angel tojog his memory. So we stoli on the other side of the street meditating on the Anglo-lnus sian tangle, but keeping an eye on that hat commonly deuonminathd ' bunged." Amihil loikiing man approached with slow and steady tread. anld when within Ithe proper distance his automatic nerve was set in motion, and he gave it what to a football would have been a '' lifter." Alal there was a brick in that hat and a hurry and scurry of: boyhood round the corner. The stranger limped for half a block, utlering words, of a conhemnatory character. 