THi: CONSriTDTIONAL OnESTI?N. . to tuz bditoa of the cocbisb. SiK — Tour lower-dowD contemporary Is evident y Eiifferin,.' from a oonsiitutienai mania, brought on by BcfitTing of the brain. Bmih being tlie esse, my advici- i-. deal geotlv with it, as the imbeci'e rever out tu l»e worried, lest the cflect be to weaken it tdill mo'e. Ic'tLe cate «f the d.«peliB from 8ir T. Prsk'uc Hay. and the Speaker of the Bouse of Oom- mous. your morniugcont-mpoisry has fomrd another inaie'i nest with what it oonerivss to be a very large egg in it— that con ail s the germa of e fresh iftality for the Upper Bouse advocates and o'etructtve; gene rally ; and this new life is lapidly to invigorate the pnbiic mind, ncti, in its strength -drawn from Sir Krskine May's 1 test delivteiaiioe, it wil erarb the poor. Liberal party to death by the' wrirht of Its gi auric might, and so become mastwE of tbe fifid, wiilior.t even the ghost of en opponent to brandish swords wiih. I_ can fancy Ihe anfiapation of the msn whose hallucinations lead him to shout hnrrali ! the Liberiis are EqnashedthFoopb Kir T. E. Slav'edes- patch" Bir, let me now ask how does al! this look in the face "of consrituUonal authorities ? Win- that gretii autiiotily Uay come into .celUBidn with both biuiKcif and othere for ths purpose of defending a coloniel governor, end in catismg OolBos street, and conservatism' to iriumph ? Lac ns see. Professor Heem, of the Pelbohme University, in Us " Gpvern- ttieiit ol Eneland," at page 154. says " It is now de- fitntelr settled that the Bpyal prsrogatitqs are exer- oised in conformily tvith the advioexf Mlnistera" In Todd s FaHianwntaiy Government in Bigiaha.'' vol 1, page 45, is an accouri: thai doting the teign of Wil li If. "the administrstior avowedly .con-' etraetedon the leds of party" waa fonced; attd the Eiug's Miuuiers were intrtduoed into Fariisht for the purpose of ."oarrytngont the measureeor Govern- sett, thereby prscticaUy aseerting a ronsatnUocel min iple . . . that Mitdsfers an nepozrible to MoliEment for vvtty net of .the CrowB in the-'oondnet of 'public aff-ir" fljay "Uoeelf is the actum if wo ks to which 1» is mora Brmly, b' nnd t- an to the despatch in question, but on a careful emminrtion -wi 1 be fcund t j be in accord tli rr.ch other, and if there be any to donl'it, they had l..,:er dismiss that tuen cr.drt such a thorough parli-me' tsn'au as Mey with inconsistency. In his ;. f Qpnitiiurional fcistriy of Kng'and," vol 3, Bi. 6 and 6\. h- givei an account i f " Wil'iam III , thron tng re- sp n ibil ty on his Mini ters. aid then says ' 'Phe govemmsst ol the - State wa. oondnoted throughiut _ all its dspartmsnts, by Mini-tera respoosible to Par- Uameiii for every act of their administraUon, wiOiout wdiose advios no act cnnid he done. With lliLirters thus rrsponsible, the King oonld do no wrong. Upon ilitiis-orc dcrolvid tbe eitira.burden of public affi-rs. They relieved the Cram of-itt ceres acd p ris. but, SI the same time. Ihoy appropriated nsariv all its authority The Kjog teigi, but his Mini -ters governed." i ir, although writars on , on- etiiu dcnal practice may be in their dotage, oxe would think thri tl elemeuUOT and primary piinci would he the last to He fo-gbiteu. Mav - in bis " ParilamMititr Triuaice,'. seventh od'itfon. pa SG, speaking of the Commons apd -their right of vo:ing'nppT'.s seys that they htive '"ttwpowor of gii'tn.e or wiihliold.ug the supplies atpIeaEnre,f totir power being that of "absolute snpremacr." Isn|i- p-ise ti e ' U1 Man " fee Is wiU sav that this Ls beade the jUflstiou in dispute, but I say that it OCT- r rcedd have been the intaniior of any oonstitution of a de- giudency to give ths Governor greater power than er Majesty posssssesacd if the power of the Eonso of Commons is " absolutdly anprems " in maiters if supily. snd " the royal prerogatives are exercirod in truiiormily wiihthoad'iooof Uinisters," itmustfoi- low fhat the .4erembly fas thepowsrof the purse atd the Oovsrnor must follow ths oonstitmlcHcoErse o' being a'jvhod by Covernmcnt that pOBSoeses.lhB confidence i Parliament, and it has not been tho-vn that May advisesanythingslse. Ela Exoliaccy. a- it afpeara to me, has fotlowed a strictly <xnstircli.m»l c.mr«. while the Government who liavs advised him are respooEiUs to MariluneDt. ' .Vhile they retain the" oottSdeoo of amrjorify there, their positfonssall but impregnsble: but, let them lose that, tfaeyjmsst go aod not even the Govetnoc could save them. SOOK- WOEJt . 