Tine JGbmic History of New ?v - ?? ' -:|By ouit .Gome Ortmcl . -;'?' ? The ninth numbur of this grotesque magazine. has come to hand, arid its contents are of such an oxplosive, inii-thmakinjr nattirc thai we would fain deal with it after oar own heart. We can rccommtnd 'Tho Comic History of New South Wales*' as the most authentic work ever brought under tho eyes of a discern ing public Facts of vast import— 'vast as the vasty deep'— are illum inated with illustrative pictures no artistic, and richly dad in a vein — Madame is ' dead on the gutter,' to nan n. frnXAnn nfiraaAb-B-BA irti^AAu t.Yinf the diligent inquirer into the re miniscences of the past feels, when he has galloped through the racy pages, that he has devoted himself to a pas time that convulses him with fun whilst it stores his mind with trea sures of untold wealth. O for such a Cook for a banquet as well as for an intellectual feast! In the title page, there is presented to tho reader a perfect picture of the first mission nrtr tn 4.1m lumtrrii+Afi ilwnmnnA aC this colony. His name is not given, but we cannot be accused of a broach of confidence when we announce that the holy pioneer was tbo Bev, Mr, Boozer, tho progenitorjpf a scribe who once 'dwelt m our midst, also of ^aanj-bf thatHk %ho will tiexor^ ifuso, sblo^as iliey can ;Btarid in their shdes,^- free nip. His armor ical bearing are a goodly corpom non, anu a uodlio uearing hip iiiigic letters, 'R.tT.M.,' which Jiavo so potently paved the way 'for tho redemption of our bkek .brothers. The I'evercd Boozor in scaled on a rtlrroB-le-5god stool near I-kdy Mac quaric's chair ; ill his right hand is a black cutty, in his luftn bottle of old Inlliira tif. a nnnnn tiiiiAnnitln mivfinvi Over the rev. missionary's head is an illustration dopicting the origin of the word 'stumped:' a troo denuded of its branches is drawn by tho lady author, and from a projecting limb in suspended the graceful form of tho first aboi'iginio who was ' cookoj ' by the greatest diHCOverorwho ever wore a. cocked hat. Wo glean from our' historical Hulh that King Hun jTiiroe, standing on his dignity hi an ubony ruler, had refused to bring a pint ol hot water for thn rev. Boozer's tot of rum, and tho missionary de nounced his black mi- jisftty as a re bellious suhiect of f.ireat Britain. Admiral Cook, in or.lur to vin-licito the majesty of the law, and -i\\-\ the missionary to diffuse ihe blessings of civilisation— 'burtgery rum audto bacco' being the first wordsof English mistercil by the abori:;iuo.3 convurtui — rcnolvorl to try Kin,' Bungarec by court-martial. The ilav. B.jo'zor duly testified that ho had to take his rum cold, and Dungaree, after an impres sive address from the old salt, 'was condemned to dio for bin misdeed. Bungareo I. watt brought to a state of contrition by the spiritual con solations of the Rev. Sir, Boozer within a short space of tirrio, thon he was conveyed by twenty-four of Captain Cook's horse-marines to the stump, a rope placed round his neck, and hung. Poor Bungareo's last words were 'Jump up, whitefcllow.' He was literally ' stumped,' to use Madamc's expression. This example of the terrors of the law had a whole some effect, and was the means of pecuniarily rewarding the military officers who exercised the noble (but exclusive injljioso days) calling of grog selling. And it added the word 'stumped* to the English vocabulary. Whenever any white man ran short of tho 'holy dollar' (the coin so named by the Roy. Boozer 'because ho always expended his spare ones in the investment of bottles of ruin), or any offender hod a short shrift and was sent up a tree in the do main, it was said he was 'stumped.' Queen Gravy Eye was deposed, and llicketty Dick acknowledged tho lawful authority and spent the rest of his days in the palace at Rose Bay, where, after a long struggle, he gave up the ghost. Shortly aftor WOiluo, lll» f?iiii.t»ULyii woo u&civinuug; and the acting Vice-regnl steward freely selected a large' estate near Bathurat, On one side of the fair historian's imprint is Bony Jack hurling, a boomerang,, another black brother is bringing the tribute of '8 principal peVformBrs ilso in a cd robboree. Captain Oook is drawn in martial form on the other side, to illustrate the civilising influences of the white man. Under his left arm, the captain, who is about to embark to tell his Majesty there, is a berth as Governor Tor some impoverished noble, has a small volume containing the whole of the .criminal and civil laws; in his right, he points a musket at King Bungaree II, as the emblem ?f anthority. Madame Cook, the author, is, we are informed, the daughter of the captain so renowned. For 'The Comic History of New South Wales,' which is issued in convenient numbers, the price is six pence; the work may be ordered, from Madame Charles Cook, of 39,' .Cumberja'nd-strcet, 'Sydney. Any reader who is fond of fun, and wishes to keep himself posted up in 'the history of . the colony, should, if ho be iiot? jumped ' for sixpence, send for,'TheXJomic History, of whoso' eovef wo have given what Madame herself .will admit is an accurate description, '. 