THE MELBOURNE BOTANIC GARDENS. The approach of another Parliamentary session has again raised the ghost of the con troversy between Baron von Mueller, the Government, and Mr. Guilfoyle, which the public long ago imagined had been safely laid by the action of the previous Government in assigning to the Baron a most liberal hono rariam for the performance of snch profes sional services as he might be pleased to volunteer. It matters not to this pertinacious public servant whether he is at the head of the Botanic-gardens or has a department all to himself; he finds a grievance at every turn. When he jumped over the head of the genial and kindly Dallachy, he was not satisfied until he had degraded him and accomplished his removal to a safe distance from Victoria. He was next not satisfied because he had no curator to snub. He therefore appointed Dr. Heyne to the post, but that gentleman, possessing some measure of self-respect, transferred himself from South Yarra to Adelaide. Mr. Ferguson came next upon the scene, but having in his constitution somewhat more spirit than poor Dallachy, he still exists, and is now, as formerly, inspector of forests, having charge of the state nurseries at Macedon. For the latest revival of theBotanic gardens controversy a Government organ is chiefly responsible; and should the con troversy bring to the surface occurrences un pleasant and long buried, Baron von Mueller will have to blame chiefly his new friends. The whole circumstances which led to the severance of the Government Botanical de partment from the gardens are so well known, and have been so oft related, that the task of repeating them is nauseous. Baron von Mueller exhibited a most paltry jealousy of his subordinates, and this he manifested by taking the practical manage ment of the gardens into his own hands-a businessof which he was supremely ignorant, as the result quickly showed. The botanical specimens planted by his predecessors (many of them unique) were allowed to grow to gether unchecked until the weaker were overpowered by the stronger, and were lost to the collection. Edgings, paths, beds, borders and lawns alike were neglected there was not in the whole garden a decent path or lawn, nor were the interiors of the few houses much better. Until of late years, when some begonias and other soft plants were grown by the gardener in charge of the propagating pit, there was not a pot plant in any of the houses which could be called a specimen, or which was decently healthy or clean. That we are not alleging more to the discredit of Baron von Mueller's management than we are perfectly justified in doing will be admitted by all who were conversant with the lamentable state of the gardens for several years before they were taken from his hands. The late Mr. John Gould Veitch, of the Royal Nurseries, Chelsea, when on a business visit to this country, had something good to report to the Gardeners' Chronicle, on his return to England, about every other botanic garden in Australia and Tasmania except about the Melbourne establishment. Mr. Veitch was ever ready to recognise merit, and whilst merely mentioning the fact of the existence of our Botanic-gardens, and giving some information regarding their extent, he did not fail to award credit to Mr. Elliott, of the University-gardens, for his management of that most intractable and unpromising patxfh of clay. We have reason to know that Mr. Veitch's good nature was hurt at his in ability to award even the most trival meed of praise to the establishment under Baron (then Dr.) von Mueller. The gardens were ; alsd the laughing-stock of visitors from the neighbouring colonies. Melbourne was jeered at for having the most extensive grounds of the 1rind, the best site for an exhibition of land scape gardening, and for wasting an immense amount of money in doing nothing upon it. All'this is, however, now changed. Our Sydney and Adelaide friends are now enabled to speak in high terms of the beauty of those portions of the establishment that have undergone improvement at the hands of Mr. Guilfoyle, whilst the Melbourne public, we are'sure, fully endorse the verdict of our neighbours, and would declaim loudly ageing* a return to the want of wmnngftufftnt. nntW whifch the gardens fell into disrepute. ' T&e; . aBBi|mption that the Botanic-gardens havelpgV jnu4hof theirinterestas a place forscientifieaifr Beaxjch lswhoUy unwarranted' Thfe assert&d; -a of unique specimeniis equally without foundation. It would, of course, be impossible to avoid a certain per. centage of loss .in removing old specimens ; but the skill which professional gardeners are capable of calling to their aid enables them to reduce Buch loasea to a minimum. Why specitnens should be "unique" has never been clearly explained; in any nursery establishment they would not long remain in that interesting condition. It has been asserted at various timeB that the Botanic* gardens are properly a place of study for botaniBta. To this we are prepared to take exception, and to assert in opposition that they are not so used; but that botany is Btudied at the University almost ex clusively, and that attached ,to that establishment is a "class ground," o£ which also not much use is made. We do think that Mr. Berry cannot recognise the merits of this case, or that he is disposed to minister to Baron von Mueller's inordinate vanity so far as to reinstate him at the Go vernment gardens. Something, however, must be done to abate this annually recur ring nuisance, and the best course would b& to insist on his retiring upon a pension. In no other way will be annoyance be ended. 