A BLASPHEMER. A esse of an uncommon character came before Mr Hunt, at tho Central Police Cour', ycBterdiy, A young man, a brieklnyer by profeBBbn, and respectably dressed, named Usman 3ny, was charged with having in Hyde lark, on Sunday afternoon, given public utterance to biasphemons nnd pros fane langiage. The blaophemy had refer ence to Christ's paternity, and was certainly most foul und offensive. The prosecutor wbb Mr Jotn Woods, who deposed that the defendant vith eeveral others were congre gated in thePark on Sunday afternoon. He wbb passing vt the time, end hoard tho de fendant ntte-ing the most blasphenous language relatve to the paternity of Christ, besides tho wirds constituting the charge. He (witneBB) cvd not wish to sec the defen dant punished, but requested that he and his followers, together with all religious sects, should beexeluded from propounding their various doctrines in the Park, and for this reason he lad given tbe accused in charge. The defendant admitted that he had uBed all the weds excepting ono word, and, moreover, vith that exception, con scientiously adheud to nnd believed all he had said to be prfect-ly true. Day com menced in strong xnguage, and in an ex cited manner, to gove the ground of his peculiar belief, but he was prevented from proceeding. He real out a list of names of persons connected wth the Free Thought Spiritualistic Progressve Society. All, with one exception, refnseato be sworn on the Bible, only select potions of which they affirmed that they believed in, consequently tbe witnesses each male n declaration to speak truthfully. Eac\ and all declared that Day had not made se of tbo wordB as stated in the chnrgi but said on receiving n tract from a preacher "All I know of Christ is thn the Bible tells me he is the son of a glost." They all averred that it be had nade nee of tbe wordB in question, they w-uld have heard him. Tho defendant's emfloyer, William Kelly, who affirmed that htdid not believe in the defendant's faith, gav>him an excel lent character, stating that ie had always found him sober, truthful, hnest, and in dustrious. Prosecutor, being 'ccalled, ad hered to his former evidence tat the word " bloody," together with nunarous other blasphemous assertions conurning the Holy Ghost, were vociferously utsred by tho accused. In vindication of the harge, the defendnnt proceeded to deliver in addreBB having reference to the assertionf made use of by another park preacher, anl his own refutations to the samo, which, htvever, the presiding magistrates refused furthr to hoar. Day then stated tbnt the words loutioned by the witnesses for tho riefonea vera tho exact words ho had given uttpraoct to. Mr Hunt considered that tho dofondnt was guilty of profanity, and ordered hin.to pay a fine of £5, or in default three loaths: imprisonment. Notice of appeal was'odged' — Sydney Evening News. 