Bundaberg Eaces. [BY UiEOTRio TELEGRAPH.] BRISBANE, Thursday,-The racing at Bundaberg was A Bucces>. Tee following were the results : MAIDEN PÍATE.-Caractacus, 1; Wallace's Dandy," 2} Brown's Milgrave, 3. Twelve started. THE TOWN PLATE.-Rookwood, 1 ; ïhe Dirk, 2 ; Lemnos; 3\. Won easily. . ? - .. DIBTBIOX PLATE.-Brown s Boree, 1. THE STEWARDS' PUBSE.-Royal Top, 1; Chancellor, 2¿ Five started. Sheldon's Struck Oil fell and threw his rider, and was thus oat of the race. THE PIGEON AND POULTBY CLUB. - This society will hold its show of poultry, pigeons, canaries, rabbits, and cats in the Temperance Hall, on Monday and Tuesday, July 29 and 30, when, no doubt, there will be a grand collection of all classes. We are sorry to hear of opposition on the part of some members of another poultry club, which we think very unwise, to say the least of it, as well as churlish in the extreme : and we strongly recommend all owners of good fowls to enter with Mr. Fletcher, in the Markets, as the lists close on the 23rd instant. By-the-bye, we had a look at the very handsome trophy presented to the society by Mr. Beattie, to be flown for by their homing pigeons, the contests for which are now in progress ; and it is really beautiful. It consista of an emu's egg, very tastefully mounted with frosted and plain silver, orna- mented with appropriate devices ; and it is from thé atelier of Mr. Evan Jones, of Hunter-street. ^This trophy will be exhibited during the coming week, but aB yet we are not certain where. AUSTRALIAN MUSEUM:.-"We are requested to remind our sporting friends in the interior that, at this season of the year, hirds and small mammals may be forwarded to Mr. Eamsày, the curator of the Museum. Such donations may be forwarded in the flesh, -without going to any further trouble beyond packing in clean dry grass. On arrival at the Museum they will be properly dealt with by the taxidermist. During the winters of 1876 and 1877, in response to a similar notice, many valuable donations were forwarded in this manner, which arrived in good order even after a week or ten days in transit. If some of our readers would devote a few hours to the shooting of the rarer kinds of birds, &c;, in their localities, and send them to the railway station, or by Cobb's coaches, they would be delivered safely at the Museum. A letter should also be posted to Mr. Ramsay at the same time, informing him by what means such packages had been forwarded. A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long^ standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in the shape of money or jewellery, but permits of opera- tions on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the lands office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unBcrupulbus hand being laid t on lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times, successively, not .» week ago, and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit. . A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 was sure he waa attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half an hour later the real symptoms were apparent, and the sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost, aa he had had a fearful dose, but instead of that gave up the dinner. Traces of many a lamented tit- bit were forthcoming, and the chief in due course was ledback a better and a lighter man. He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the chief conspirators on the ground of insubordination, 