REVIEW. The ARYAN HOUSHOLD : Its Structure and Development. By W. E. Hearn, LL.D. George Robertson, Melbourne, Sydney, and Adelaide, .1878. The work of Dr. Hearn, Dean of the Faculty of Law in the University of Mel bourne, is by far the most important con tribution to literature ever issued from the press of an Australian colony, alike from the interest ? attaching to the subject of which it treats and the learning and ability displayed by the author. The scope of the work is nothing less than an effort to trace up from the institutions and practices of the early Aryan race the complex system of social and national life existing in the civilised world of to-day. Before entering on a notice of Dr. Hearn's chapters it may be necessary to ex plain what is meant by the Aryan race. Briefly, then, the Aryans may be defined as the primitive people whose place of naissance was the continent of Asia, and who are now represented there by the Hindoo and other allied races. The lan guage of this nation was the Sanscrit, the tongue in which the sacred Brahminical books are yet written ; subsequently sup planted by a modified dialect called the Zend. The Sanscrit, which has only been known to modern scientific philologists for about eighty years, is the parent stock of the Latin, Greek, Teutonic, and other tongues; and, conjecturable, it is itself the offspring of a speech of which the world now knows nothing. This discovery of the old language of the Aryan people (to give them the name applied to them in their own ancient writings of the Vedas) and of the philological connection it bore to the ancient and modern tongues ef Europe, led naturally to the conclusion that the conti nent of Europe had been peopled by, and that its civilization was due to conquering, tribes of Aryans, who coming from the east had subdued the aboriginal inhabi tants. To demonstrate the truth of this conjecture as to the origin of the social in stitutions of European civilization, and thereby that of the civilization of the world, is the object of Dr. Hearn's volume. The author starts with the hypothesis that the Aryans at their entry into Europe were comparatively civilised, that they knew the arts of road-making, weaving, working in metals, agriculture, and so on ; and in this opinion most ethnologists will be dis posed to agree. If, 'however, Dr. Hearn, intends as he seems to do, to maintain that the Aryan race always was in a compara tive state of civilization, he decidedly attempts to prove too much. As with all ancient races, the base of the social fabric of Aryan civili zation was religious worship; hence the first enquiry necessarily is associated with the objects of their belief. In his chapters on this point Dr. Hearn clearly and lucidly explicates the gradual growth of the system of nature-worship which grew on and in a measure supplanted the more ancient idea of the All-Father in Heaven. He next proceeds to show how a community of worship became a mark of relationship, and how from this sprang the customs of the common meal, which when viewed as a religious act is of very curious significance, especially in connection with modern religious rites. The tendency to nature- worship gave rise, as separate house holds came to be formed, to the idea that each house was protected by a spirit. This spirit was supposed generally to be that of a dead ancestor, whose bones, either really or supposedly, were buried beneath the hearth, and whose ghost hovered round the place he loved in life. Dr. Hearn's chapter on this subject traces the growth of the worship of Lares and Penates among the ancient Greeks and Romans from this idea,and shows how closely it is connected with some of the religious rites of the modern Hindoos, and some practises still existing in western Europe. For example, the hearth was naturally re garded as the peculiar altar of the ' house spirit,' and an insult offered to a man's hearth by scattering or treading on the ashes was an insult offered to his 'house- spirit;' and to this day in Ireland the is considered a gross insult, conveying the idea of guilt, not only on himself but on his family. Dr. Hearne also considers that many of the practises yet lingering in France and Germany,, such as on the evening of All Souls Day placing out a supper ready spread on the table when the household go to rest, that the passing souls may come in and eat if they will, and of pouring liba tions of milk on the tomb of a deceased person, find their origin in the ancient Aryan customs connected with the worship of the gods of the house. Having thus laid the basis of the ancient social system, Dr. Hearne goes on to describe ' The House hold and the Power of the House-Father.' On this point he says — 'Human associa tion presents itself to Archaic man in the form of a household, and that house hold is arranged on certain definite principles. There is no reasoning about the matter; no balancing of powers; no calculation of the greatest happiness of the greatest number. They accept the one familiar form as an ordinance of nature, and they no more desire to inno vate upon it than they think of altering their stature or changing the color of their skin." He then shows how from the household naturally spring up kinships, and from kinships village communities, these in turn expanding into clans, acknowledging as their chief the living representative of the common ancestor. He next proceeds to show how this gradually increasingly complicated condition of society, necessi tated, arrangements .relating to property, and naturally gave rise to rules with respect to tenure and laws with respect to rights, as between man and man, and com munity, and community and clan and clan. Winding up this portion of his subject, Dr. Hearn remarks : — ' The development of the village or assemblange of dwellings gave the Polis, or city. The develop ment of the arable mark gave the Indian and the Slav village communities. The development of the pastoral mark explains many peculiarities of the Keltic clan. The comitatus is merely an enlargement of the household. The law of allegiance, the law of the precinct, the law of peace, were all consequences of the comitatus. They marked the authority of the house-father, whether personal or local, or guaranteed. The various associations, whether for reli gious, or industrial, or professional pur poses, presuppose and imitate the archaic forms of society. And these forms and the modes of thought to which they gave rise alone explain the old disputes between the nobles and the plebeians, the nature of the tyrannies, and much else that is perplexing in the law and the Government of anti quity.' A curious instance of the survival of ancient Aryan clan law is instancedin the case of the laws existing in certain cantons of Switzerland by which a native of the canton cannot marry without the assent of the authorities of the State, and cannot remove into another canton without similar permission. From a consideration cf the rise of the clan Dr. Hearn passes to the origin of the State and the character of the State union, which has only reached its fullest develop ment within the last few hundred years. This leads naturally to a disquisition on the rights of members of the State and on ihejus pubticum, which shows with re markable clearness the gradual growth of the system by which, while the principle is admitted that every man's house is his castle, the knock of the policeman has be come a recognised power. From individual rights Dr. Hearn passes to the considera tion of law and custom, showing how the latter has gradually in many in stances merged into the former, and tracing out the origin of the present systems of legal administration by the State, and the rise of the civil jurisdiction of officials de puted by the Sovereign. The concluding chapter sums up the whole argument, briefly explicating the decadence of the power of the house-father and that of the clan, and the rise of the modern nation. ' We should have been only too glad had space permitted to enter more ful^y and critically into the discussion of the varied contents of Dr. Hearn's volume, which is a really valuable contribution to the history of a race which, as he well says in his preface, 'is more glorious, its renown more diffused, its progress in science and in art more advanced, its religion is more pure, its politics and its laws are more beneficent and more just than those which pre vail elsewhere upon earth. It, too, is that great mother of men by whose sons vast continents have been, and still are being, won from the wildriesa of nature, and con verted to purposes of human use and human enjoyment. By their strong arms and their bold hearts the aspiration of Poseidon has been fulfilled, and the Aryan name and the Aryan fame have been borne wherever 'Eos sheds her rays.' The work,which. we have received fronvMr. Robertson, the publisher, is well got up, and capitally printed. ? -♦ ? We have received from Woodman's musical repository a copy of Mr. Beaumont Read's new song, 'On the Bright Shores of Gold,' a response to 'Sweet By-and-Bye,'* ?which was such a favorite when the Kelly and Leon minstrels were here. The melody is simple, being within, the compass of nearly every voice, the highest note being E flat, and it has a very effective chorus for four voices. We predict .a great sale for this last of Mr. Bead's songs. The ninth of a course of twelve lectures on ' Elementary Physiology,' now being deli vered by Dr. J. D. Thomas in connection with the Adelaide University was given in the Stow Church Lecture Hall on Tuesday evening, October 15. The subject for the evening was 'The nervous system.' After explaining the functions of the nervous system generally in lower animals, the lecturer said the fibres of the nerves might be compared to telegraph-wires, as the nerves, like the wires, -were merely conducting agents. It did not follow, however,, that the passing of impressions through the nerves was electrical, as some had supposed, as in the first place electricity would not pass 'straight along the nerve, but would b.ranch off into the various fibres connected with it; and in the second place impressions passed along; ? the nerves at the rate of only 200 feet per second, whereas electricity travelled much faster. In man the nervous system was split into two parts, the cerebral- spinal, including the brain /Jk and the spinal cord, and the sympathetic system, ^^ ' The spinal cord was the medium of communica tion Detween the nerves and the brain, and N-- governed both motion and sensation. In giving ' an account of the effects of disease or injury on - ' the spinal cord, Dr. Thomas said that when in, those dreadful accidents in which the spinal cord was divided -or crushed, the whole of that part of the body below the injured part would be completely paralysed both as regards motion, and sensation. If, however, only one side was injured, the effect wag paralysis of motion on, that side, and of sensation on the other. - It was sometimes the case that a man was paralysed on one side only. This was the effect of the cutting across of nervous fibres by the pressure of blood on the other side to that which was attacked. In proceeding to a discussion of reflex action he said that a German physician tried an experi ment on a recently decapitated criminal by in juring a nerve in the body, the effect of which was that the man's hand was partly raised to wards the injured place. That showed that ner vous action was not entirely under the control of the will. In speaking of the brain, he said that in man it -weighed about 50 ounces, and in woman rather less, the average weight being about- 3 lbs. The proportion of brain in man was larger than in any other mammal, being as much as one in 36. A clear and lucid comparative anatomical de cription of the brain was then given, the lecturer illustrating his remarks by diagrams calculated to greatly simplify the otherwise intricate sub ject. The next lecture will be on the 'Laws of aealth and causes of disease.' 