ROMA. October 20. SINCE the tornado I mentioned in my last (which, by the way, I have missed seeing in any paper) we have hod another fine rain. This has been an exceptionally good season hitherto, and the heat has been by no means excessive, so that all herbage and garden produce is looking as well as anything could look at this time of the yonr. Shearing is now actively progressing, aud I. have seen a good many dray loads of the Mount Abundance wool passing through the town. In election matters there is no excitement. Mr. M'llwraith has promised us a valedictory ad dress shortly. Mr. Smyth will likely have a walk over. There is some mention in the Star of another candidate. There is only one local man that would have the ghost of a chance, and ho is not likely to sacrifice his private business for the rather uncertain benefits to be derived from the trade of politics as carried on in Brisbane. I take it that a talented man without means, to make politics pay, mußt have no conscience, or a very elastic one. Since penning the foregoing, a requisition is going round for signature, to be presented to Mr. R. W. Stuart, of Mitchell Downs, asking him to contest tho electorate with Mr. Smyth. Mr. Stuart is very popular, but what his views are I am unable to say at present. I understand ho is strongly in favor of keeping the railway ter minus in Roma, which in my small opinion is a very short-sighted policy, as a main trunk lino will never do Roma any harm, and the extension further west will be for tbe benefit of tbe whole community. In another paper I forward you a sample of wheat. I have no means of comparison, and probably you will be good enough to give via your opinionof it. It i 8 taken out of about six acre,*, and this Bample ia not plowed, but would be about the average of the whole. Mr. Irwin, of the Roma Butchering Company, is the grower, and he seems sanguine tbat this will be a wheat producing district. Mr. Irwin is goinjr into systematic operations on a now piece of ground now being broken up, and where the slaughter-yards are to be erected. Tbe manuro and refuse from the yards will be expended upon the land, and, if we have any seasons at all worth the name, Mr. Irwin says that farming must pay, as the little farm which he has hitherto occupied —but has now let—has paid expenses in as bad seasons as any we have experienced in Queens land. There are now about fifty acres of wheat growing around Roma, and, after carefully read ing Messrs. Collins' interesting letters, the pre vailing opinion at present is that there is hope for us yet. We have the grape as an undoubted fact; we have now to test the wheat, and I believe we shall succeed. The principal growers of wheat are Messrs. Irwin, Downos, Bassett, Jones, and Tune. 