Mr. MIRAMS on PAYMENT OPF MEMBERS AND AN APPEAL TO THE COUNTRY. (Speech delivered in the Assembly, March 7th. 1878.) Mr SPzax-a.-I regret very much that the hon. member for Maldon and the hon. and learned member for the Ovens have not remained in their places, for I think it is not exactly treating this House fairly for hon. members to charge other hon. mem. bers with conduct which is anything but gentlemanly and proper, and then when they have had their shot, to le rve the Chamber and not remain to hear what might be said in reply to those charges. But notwithstanding their absence I intend to reply to some of the remarks which those gentlemen saw fit to address to the House. However, before I do so, I wish to reply to a few remarks made by the hon. member for Rodney (Mr. Gillies). I was very much amused at the great regard which that gentleman appeared to have, last night, for the dignity of the Minis:ry. He seemed very much to take to heart that the Min istry should adopt a course which, in his opinion, was not dignited-wa's not calcu lated to add to their dignity in the country. I think the Mfinistry may be safely left to take care of their own dignity. Certainly. I don't think they need regard the hon. member's estimate of dignity with any great amount of attention, more especially when we remember that, notwithstanding. about two years ago, in the estimation of that hon. member and those who sit around him, it was a very undignified proceeding to stump the country, as it was called, in order to educate the people upon political questions-those gentlemen now think fit to come down from their dirnifie I pedestal, and, taking a leaf out of our book, to stump the country even though their auditors may be brought together by ticket of leave. One of the most promi nent of the contentions brought by these gentlemen before their semi-private meet ings called together by ticket, is that the whole of this crisis is occasioned by the question of payment of members. So long as those statements were confined to meet ings, it was not worth our while partic tnrl to nopl- to tho to?.u *it. Oa,~utIr, but when we find a gentleman like the honorable member for Maldon standing up in his place and repeating that charge here, and the honorable member for the Ovens reiterating it as he did last night. we are bound to take some little notice of the matter. But first, I wish to deal with the speech of the honorable member for Rodney, which stripped of its vain repeti tions and verbiage, amounts to this: that Mesors. Higinbotham and Michie gave opinions, some time ago, that the course proposed to be taken oy the Ministry of the day was perfectly legal, that neverthe less that hinistry did not follow out the course, and that therefore he thought it was not right that this Ministry should follow it. I do not think we need very much concern ourselves as to what the honorable member for Rodney thinks right or not, because it is certain that whatever this Ministry may propose to do that honorable member would not consider it right to do. The honorable member was careful not to question the correctness of the opinion given by those gentlemen, and coincided in by the present Law Officers of the Crown; neither did he question the correctness of the opinions now obtained by the present Ministry. He ountented himself with the weak argument that as Sir James McCulloch and his col leagues did not act upon their opinion, it is wrong for the Government to do so, which the hon. member brought forward, was a lecture to hon. members sitting on the Ministerial side of the House as to their political conduct. In my opinion, sir, Satan reproving sin is nowhere beside the hon. member for Rodney lecturing this House upon political morality. If there is one gentleman in this Chamber who ought to say less on that topic than any other, it is the hon. member (Cheers). The hon. member did not hesitate to. insinuate last night that I had been guilty of an act un worthy of my position as a member of this House, and when I asked him this evening to state plainly whether I had been guilty of that act or not, he evaded the question -he had not the manliness to say " Yes " or "No" to it. Mr. Galrau.-Is this in order. Mr Speaker? The S-xaza.-I thought the hon. memr ber for Rodney (Mr. Gillies) explained that he made no charge against the hon. mem. ber for Collingwood (Mr. Mirams). Mr. Mixsrs.-If there is anything worse than to charge an hon. member with doing anything derogatory to his position it is to insinuate that he has been so guilty. I cannot reply to an insinuation, but I can to a charge. if the hon. member dare make one (Cheers). If the honmemberhad stat'd 1 that I had been guilty of what he insinu a ed. I could have called upon him to prove the statement. or to withdraw it. before this House. I say that when an hon. member can descend to such practices as those he should be the last man in this House to lecture us about political morality. I think 1 the hon. member's political hist ,ry is too well known in this colony for anybody to take any interest in what be may say on that question. Coming to the hon. mem ber for the Ovens, there was nothing much. that I know of, in his spe-rh worth answer ing. I don't think anybody, at any time, pays much attention to what that gentle man may say on legal questions,. and I am quite sure nobody will pay any attention to it now, when he happens to be opposed by such gentlemen as Mr. Higinbothan. Mr. Michie. and Sir Bryan O'Loghlen. When three such eminent lawyers take opposite sides to the hon. member for the Ovens. I don't think it is likely any one in this I House will pay attention to his opinion. and I am sure nobody in the countrywill. The hon. member seemed very much exercised in his mind last night as to the capacity of my brain. I admit at once that there is one por'ion of the hon. member's brain which is larger than the corresponding portion of mine. and it is to be found in 1 that portion of the head which is repre sented by the bump of self-conceit (Cheers). Leaving this portion of his brain out of our 4 calculation, I venture to believe that, judg- 1 ing by our public perform ances during the 4 last six or seven years. nine out of every I ten men in the country would sooner have a my brain than his. The hon. member for r the Ovens also insti'uted a new test of a Ministerial fitness. He stated that when I I have a brain fit to propound a Norwegian i scheme I shall be fit to sit on the front I Treasury bench. Sir. I say.if that be a test I of Ministerialfitness.the gentlemen who sat 1 on the front Treasury bench list year sat there under false pretences. I say further I that. if it is to be a test of fitness in the fu ture the hon. member for the Ovenshas not the ghost of a chance of ever getting back i to the front Treasury bench again. Deal. I ing now with the question of payment of I members. we are told that if it were not a for this question there would have been no crisis. Tne hon. member for Maldon thinks - he has settled the whole question when he I asks the Ministerial side of the House. with I the greatest possible amount of unction. whether, if the Payment of Members' Bill 1 had been passed there would have been c a crisis. I say that there would ha e been a crisis if the Payment of Members' Bill had t been passed. I say further that the hon. member for Maldon, and those two gen. c tlemen who are going about the country I asking this question, might as well ask I whether there would have been a war of t independence between America and Eng. - land if there had been no tea dnuy. Do we c not know that when things are ripe for a I break ourt, it does not much matter what is the particular cause on which the break out takes place. Do we not know, as a t matter of history, that while the ca*ensible a occasion of that war between the mother country and her North American Odlonies. I was the quation of a duty upon tea. The I issue involved in the struggrle was whether 1 those colonies shoul~d be taxed by a Par- 1 liament in which they were not represented. Is it not. I would ask hon. members. equally 1 a fact that while payment of members is the quetion upon which we have entered upon the present contest. the issue inv Ired I in its settlement is the far larger and wider I one, of the supremacy of this chamber, as representing the people, in all questions of finance. (Cheers.) Payment of members may be the direct cause of the crisis at the present time, but does any hon. member I believe that if the cause were taken away I the effect wauld also be taken away? Why I the crisis would not be ended if payment of members were passel to-morrow. The t dead- In-k might be ended, but that is a 1 very diff-rent thing to the crisis. Now Sir., I have no desire to put myself on apar with the hon. member for Mfaldon, as a politician; and should be sorry to assume I an amount of politicalsagacity beyond that a :"os-sled by him, yet, Sir, I distinctly saw this crisis approaching, and in April last t when before my constituents I told them c ,ot to elect me unless they were prepared I for a crisis, because I was quite sure that if I the Parliament returned on the 11th May I were favr,rble to the policy put forward by I the gentlemen who now occupy the tront a Treasury bench, a crisis was inevitable a during the exis'ence of the Parliameot . tH ar, hear.) Many people thought, at fi st. that the crisis would come on the land tax. But the section of the presssup- I porting the Opposition. and those who had ro d·s with the moanagement of its affaire advised that the Legisla-ive C mail should [ not force a crisis on the land tax becaune I that tax was so ppular in the country that I any crisis frced upon that question would I be are to turn npm themselvs. and they would be bound t" go to the wall. Accord t inuglv they were advised to force the crisis [ on the que'i in of payment of members because it was thought that question was a umewhat unpopular, and that we should t find it difficnlt to advocate it bcause we I could not do so without laying ourselves I open to the imputation that we were advo cating the p aym-nt of £300 a year into our own p ckets. Sir. on these grounds and for these reasons, the Legislative Council nave chosen to force a crisis on the question I of payment of members. They atone are 1 responsible f r the crisis having come upIn I that question. If payment of members had been passed this session we wmuld have gone into recess, and one of the first things the Ministry, would have undertaken, as e-uto im L ejeh, en-ih - raralameat when they took office, would have been a reform 4 of the Constitution. properly thought out 1 and prepared. A reform coming from such gentlemen as those who now occupy the front Treamrsy bench, supported by such a body as you see behind them, was not likely to be a reform that would'commend itself 4 to gentlemen sitting in the other Chamber. Therefore the question of payment of mem bers was, from their point of view, the I most suitable question for a crisis to arise 4 apon. It was important that the crisis a should not arise over the Land question, or I over the Constitutional question, and there. I fore the Council were for forcing it upon payment of members, and sadlind3 us with\ the responsibility. But I repudiate the responsibility. (Hear, hear). I say that if nothing else was involved but this £300per year I wuald not sit here and support the ] Ministry in what they are doing. I would I not be a party to the country being torn, I frpm end to end, with political strife, if nothing more were involved than £300 a year for myself; and I say that any mem- i ber in opposition who charges me, as one of the majority, with being actuated by no 1 motive buet £300 a year, from the very a moment he does so ceases to be a gentle man. (Cheers'). I assert that the question of payment of members maybe settled to morrow by the passing of the Payment of Members Bil if the Council choose, but the crisis will not be settled; because now that 1 we have been forced to take up the question I of Constitutional RIeform, we will not lay it down, so long as the country supports us, until we have carried it through to a sunc cessful issue, and placed things on such a footing that there will be no reason for any such occasion as this to arise in years to come. (Hear, hear). Hon. members in opposition support the action of the Council : and contend they are justified in supporting it,on the ground that the question of pay ment of members has not been put to the country, A greater absurdity was never stated. Why, in the very nature of things the question must have gone to the country. Every elector in the country knew that the law authorizing payment of members expired in the first cession of this Parliam-nt. and that of necessity the question must come before Parlia ment this session, and every elector having that fact before him when he voted, was at liberty to make that a factor in the calculation as to whom he should vote for, just as he was at liberty to make any other calculation. So that if no single candidate had ever mentioned the subject, if the head of the then Ministry had not put it before his constituents at Warrnambool. it could not be said that the question did not go to the country, and any person asserting to the contrary must assume that he is per sonallyacquainted with the motives which prompted) every individual elector on the memorab!e 11th of May, when he passed his pencil through the names of the several candidates at the polling booth. (Cheers.) But further. I would ask in reply to thi assertion, what is the proper and legitimate way which our constitution and practice recognises, for putting any question to the country? Is it not put by the leader of the Ministry of the day, who goes with his programme to the cnuntry and asks the -country to say "Y.a'" or "Nay" o that programme. It is the fact, at anyrate it is stated in the Argus, that Sir James McCul loch put the question of payment of mem bers b-fore his constituents at Warrnam bool, in his appeal through that constitu ency to the country. Every gentleman who appeared on the hustings, to address the e'ectors, avowed his sentiments on the question. If any candidate desired to shirk an avowal of his sentiments on the question. he was not allowed to do so. In fact there was only one candidate at the general election who did not give his opinion with reference to payment of mem bers, and that was Mr. Davis, one of the candidates for South Bourke, who polled only 65 votes. I say this is another proof that the question of payment of members was sent to the country. A further proof if it be necessary, is that there are, in this Chamber, from 66 to 58 members who sup port the principle, and they have only just come from the country. (Cheers.) When honorable members and other gentlemen are driven from the position that payment of members was not put to the country and they are driven from it when these facts are placed before them-they turn round and say it was not made "the ques. tion"-the leading question. Now, I ask, how was it possible for payment of mem bers to be the leading question, unless every other question had been let alone? It was known we must deal with the question, for the reason that the Act ex pired of itself within a few months. and we could not have had the question a leading one unless every other question had been swamped. And. I ask, is it pos. sible that honorable members in opposition want to reduce the matter to this pisition 4 -that such a miserable question as par. ment of members. as I hold it to be com pared with others, must be the leading question at a general election before the Upper House can be satisfied with the 4 opinion of the country? (Cheers.) If that 4 doctrine is to be admitted there might have to be an election npon almost every item in the Appropriation Act. The question of payment of members involves an ex. penditure of no more than £75,030 in the 21 years, for which the Bill provides: but the honorable member for Warruambool 4id not scruple to obtain the passage, by means of the iron hand, of £10,000 for the Warrnambool breakwater without asking~ any one's consent; and I say that, if r we are to come to this coadition of things, the sooner we give up being a Parliament the better. (Rear hear.) We are told that because payment of mem bers was not a leading question at the general election. therefore the Council are not satisfied with the verdict of the coun ry upon it. But. I ask is this Chamber to be at the mercy of the Council and to be seat back to its constituents upon every question of £75 0(3 that that Coambar chooses to say it is not satisfied with ? If that sort of thing is to be taken as our guide and rule we are not a Parliament at all-we hand over the whole con lust of the colony to -he other Chamber (applause. As a further justification for the action of the Opposition and the CounciLwe are toll that the Upper House are not only opposing payment of members, but t tat they are fighting for their existence. H *w can that assertion be reconciled with the statement that only the question of payment of members is in volved? If the Council are figh'ing for I their existence, does it not follow that we must be fighting to take their existence from them? There are only two parties to this contest-the Upper House and this and. if they are fighting for their existence we must be fighting against it. Even on that ground alone, the argument is taken out of the mouths of hon. members in Op position that the only question involves is payment of members. We are further t ,ld that in order to settle this dispute this 1 House ought to go to the country, but, I ask. is there a party in this country less 1 entitled to talk about our going to the country than gentlemen who oceupy the Opposition benches ? Do they thinkwe are so forgetful of the pur as not to bear in mind what occurred here two years ago. Weat w s the state of things then? Why. Sir James McUlloch and the gentlemen who now occunpy the front opposition bence with him were sirting on the front Minis. terial bench, determin-d to do-what ? To I past a vote of £75,000 "hat the country had I areed to? No. But to ra.s a system of taxation invo'vinir £300,000 or £400,000 a year which the cmuntry hal never asid a word about; which the country had never been consulted upon, and which the loun. try objected to by every constitutional means in its power. (Cheers). Were there not petitions from every part of this colony, were there not m eting without number, calling first on Sir William Stawell. the Acting-Governor, and afterwards on Sir George Bowen, for relief, bIging them to dissolve this chamber? And for what? Because the people did not think they should be taxed without their consent ob tained at the ballot-box. And what were we told in reply ? Why. our petitions were almost thrown in ourfaces: we were eilled the offsoouring of society - ragam?nfins, scoudris a mob. Every opprobrious epithet possible was applied to those who took part in the agitation-and dictionaries were ransacked from beginning toend to find epithets suffiaciently vile to heap upon them. The country was denied a dissolu tion. Upon what ground? I wi! reid extracts from some of the speeches which were made at that time. and which show the grounds on which a dissolution was refused; and then let boo. members in opposition say whether they are the man to ask for a dissolution now, or to expect to get one? This is what the hon. member for Warrambool said on that occ ,sion: "The hon. member for Geelong West, representing the minority, has th?e assur ance to state-' Do this and we will erant you Supplies.' But that is a matter on which the majority of this Honse have to be consulted. The hon. member for Geelong West has stated that the country has decided the matter. It is true that the country has decided it, and we represent the country. I represent my own constit uency, as hen. members represent their constituencies; and seeing that this House has been in existence onlysbout a year and a half- (Major Smith-' Two years')--or 1 even for two years, what reason have we to suppose that the countryhas lost confidence in hon. members?" (Laughter and applause). If in the face of the demonstrations which then took place there was nothing to prove that the country had lost confidence in that House, what, I ask,is there to prove it has lost confidence in this House that we should go back ? How ever, the present Premier interjected the words " public meetings," whereupon the hen. member for Warrnambool said "The hen. member for Geelong W'esh :ma his t ri ifrids goat iu crrtain mcetinu-' through the country-meetings represent-i ing a certain section of the communmity andthey assume that the country was rei presented at those meetings. Why th thing is monstrously absurd. I wold ask hon. members to consider the course, we are likely to drift into. If what the mi nority desire can be done this session, why may it not be done nert session? Snppo'ing a general election were to take place, that a minority of the hon. members re turned were disatisfied with the resat a hat would there be toprevent them doilug what is being done now? They may declare that the House does not represent the country, and make that declaration a war rant for getting up meetings in the various districts of th- colony to clamour for an other dissolution. I say that uleas we are prepared to destroy the influence and the usefulness of this House. we are bound to resist any such attempts." Further on, Sir James MeCullooch re marked " One would fancy from the remarks of the hon. member for Geelong West, that the whole country was centred in the hbn. member, but I am sure that the country re pndiates the hon. member. I am not afraid of an appeal to the country, but I will not he driven by a minority to adopt that cnn-se. (Lnght .r) WWherebe th sapr-phecies now? thef country has proved that the bon member for Warrnambonl was altogether wrong,. and that the public meetings were altogetier right, and so they will be in the frt are. (Cheers.) I now come to Mr. McDermott. An How_ MouaLs.-Oh! he is gone. Mr. MIlR IMS.-tever mind. His was a leal opinion, and it may have some weight with hon. m-mbers in opposition. (Laugh ter.) Daring the same debate, Mr.. Mac Dermnte aid " I deny the position taken up by hon. members on the other side; that this House. the Government, or the represents tire of the Crown, is bound to listen to any remonstrance coming from public meetings, be they ever s) numerous. a aagainst the voice of Parliament. The thing is utterly unconstitutional, as I believe 1 shall be ab e to prove befre I sit down. because 1 suppose Lord Bro aghabn maybe considered a, authority upm such a question. I esay it is a p-inciple of the lw and the consti tution of England and of this country, that neither the Ezecative nor the head of the Government, much less the minority in this House. is justified in n?r:g as an argumeot a-ainst the action of Parliament, or the continuance of Parliament, any ex pressions of opinion that come from public meetings " Farther on. he stated " The collective sense of the people in this country is not to be gathered from public meetings g it up by certain gentle men for their own purposes, but from the opinion expressed by thi members elected to repreeent the people in Parliament. And that opinion cannot be expr shed by build ing up a 'stone wall.' but by the vote of the majority of the House, after due de. liberatio?. That the vote of the majority of the House munt constitutionally be re garded as the expresi·on of the popular will is clear and distinct." (Laughter and cheers) Sir, we have the vote of the majority in this House. not cavilled at by the country, not askel to be overruled by the country-the eountry thoroughly approving of the vote of the majority in this House. and no petition asking the House to be dissolved on the question of payment of m-mb- rs being presented-and yet, in spite of this. hon. members in opposi'inn hare the supreme impertinence to ask that the Hon=e should go to th count-y. I will read the opinions expressed by Mr. K-rferd at the same tme. and I will then have done. Mr. Kerferd said " No principle is better a'irmed or made more clear by the co ,rse of pa-liamentary history than that a H ,use like the Legisla tire Assembly of Victoria represents for the time being the people. It is really very material that we should fairly con sider it." And he added - ' I hold that the House is fully compe tent to deal with the financial p-oposas now ander its consid-tration. and has prove.! that it so o ompetent by affirming them by an .wye whelming m t jrity." (L-u-hter and cheers.) If that lTnuse, on the grounds hati-r by the honorable mern her for the Ovens. w as compe .e't to deal with a qu-s inr of taxation involving up. wards of £300,000 per year, noon what ground did the honorable member prenume to tell us, last night. that we d . not repre. sent the country, and r . not competent to deal with a question which involves an ex. penditure of about £30,000 per year. and not so much as that because honorable members in opposition have de lred that they will not take payment. I can only conclude, Sir, that such conduct is the re sult of, and only to be accounated for, by that superabundant brain-pownr of which the honorable member believes himself to he possessed. Befors I conclud , I desire to say one word in relation to the statement made by the honorable member for Sand hurst--r. Mackay. He says that he is perfectly satisfied the country is with the Ministry in the proportion of nine out of every ten. Now if the process of conviction has tended to bring the honor able member to that state of satisfactian, why cannot the same reasons and the samearguments that have serrv to can vince him also serve to convince gen l men in another Chamber withont patting this House to the trouble of going to a general election? What is the use of going to the country unless there is a fair probability of getting a diferent opinion P What is the use of going to the country and coming back with the same opinion expressed? Sir. I can understand a disso lution being granted only for the reason that there is a fair prospect of altering the decision of the country and the Assembly. If there were anything in the proceedings of the country to indicate that such a re sult would be obtained. I would be one to say-'" Go to the country." because what ever hon. members opposite may do.Icould not urge one course of condnct, two yers ago, because I sat in Opposition, and urge another course now, because I sit behind the Ministry. If there were anything to show, as there was two years ago. that the country reanlly demnds a dissolution on the question of payment of members. I would say--" Go to the country on that question, and, imendaatdrlryyusattiO the question, go to the country again." becanse. if the cry of the Opposition means anything. it means at least two dissolutions. If the Upper House will not be atisfied with the payment of members question until they get the clear voice of the country upon it, and upon it alone, how are we to get to the opinion of the countryuponanyother ques tion? A House elected upon that question alone would be powerless to deal with any other. Certainly, as soon as the House came back and gave its decision onthe question of payment of members, whether for or against, the House would have to go the country again, because if we are not com petent now to dealsith a question invotl ing £15,000 inasmuch as we were not elected on that question by itself but an that undother questions--the landoax and constitntional reforinforjisne-of lwhat ground could a House. elected soley on that question of £75.000. dare to touch say the new Land Bil, dealing with the squatters' leases and invotving nillions? Would a House chosen on that one questlon have any right or power to touch anything else? Is there is anyreason for goaLto the conntry now, certainly not. If this House is not competent to deal with the small question of Payment of Members be cause at wasunot the leading q~ueetoni-the general election, on what grouuid could a House elected solely upon this one small question claim to deal with any cth?er?? Clearly if the position-taken up by hn. membersopposite, and of another place his any shadow of excuse, it means two dimeso lutions to say the least. Buttesomebha_. members opposite admit that in thepresdat !state bf public opinion there isa- reason .whatever for such a coa~e. - And any ian Swho will persistin ayingthat b o~n.t5Ibe b to retain e300 per year stee ;mbathe.e maustrnow to be untrue, or elsel*-is'aeq hard ofn zderstsndin.-(Adtt) .vt, sd 