? ITEMS OP AUSTRALASIAN' NEWS. Statements continue (says tho Australian) to be made by tho Ministerial press, notwith standing that last week wo wore enabled, on the best authprity to givo tho assertion a direct contradiction, that the principal banks entered into a ' treacherous ' and ' contemptible ' comDinauon tor tno purpose 01 erusuiug me seleotors, by refusing to lend them more money and coming down upon them for the money, ' already advanced. Tho statement, being alto gether destitute of truth, has _ given some annoyaneo in hanking circles, in which the general opinion is that these groundless com plaints are being kept before tho publio as a pre liminary to some littlo soliemo wbioh Mr. Long more— in conjunction with an obliging Ballarat banking institution— is engaged in maturing for .the benefit of tbe ' poor Belootor,' whom Mr. Longmore will insist on not leaving alone. All the evidence has gone to show that tho selectors, if not interfoied with by the Minister, have always had the most amicablo relations ? with the hanks, whom they havo recognised as their best friends. Only a few days ago, a gentleman connected with a hank which does a very largo business with selectors, travelled through tho whole of the Goulburn Valley district, and I10 informed us that nothing could bo more satisfactory than the relatione he found existing between the 8C160iOrS QuU LD6 uilaiio* xlO VlblLOU avtllci) Nagambie, Murchiscn, Mooroopna, Taura; Shep'parton, Cobram, and Yarrawonga; and although hiB opportunities of gaining informa tion were, of course, peculiarly advantageous, in no single instance did ho hear of any com plaint -from a selector of harsh treatment by any of the hanks. Although the farmers in this district havo suffered sevorely from the drought, they havo all managed to ' pull through' somehow, and they do not hesitate to admit that tho banks havo proved by no means their least valublo assistants in surmounting their difficulties. 'Wo are informed by different bankers that not only bavo the banks a largor amount of money invested in tho selecting interest at the present moment than was over the caso beforo, but that they bavo also a larger sum omployed in this way, in proportion to tlioir other business, than was ever thought to be so used. The Ballarat institution with which Mr, Longmoro is consulting has itself so much money out among selectors that it could only extend its operations in this direc tion by borrowing from tho largo banks, nnd these naturally prefer to donl with tho selectors direot. * ? Town and Country thinks that tho most strik ing feature of the Chinese question in tho nor thern colony, is that the QueenBlandors, appar ently, do not know their' own minds. A littlo timo sinco public opinion was strongly against tho invading Celestials, who wore taking tho t. bread out of tho mouths of tho industrious whito men ; but now a reaction seems to havo set iu, for it is found that the labour of Chinnmc-n produces a great deal of wealth for tho oolony. It is true that the Chinamen send a portion of their savings totthoir native land, but this can bo nothing compared to tho amount they expend in Queensland, or even to tho proportion of that oxpendituro which is profit for tho whites. There may be good social and political reasons for limiting Chinese immi gration, but there can be no doubt that tho pre sence of the Mongolians is nn element of finan cial prosperity. If tuo Quoeualanders are as firmly convinced as thoy seem to- bo that it is necessary to guard againBt the invasion from Hongkong, they muBt bo proparod to mako somo sacrifices for tlio sako of their country. Unfortunately in tlio prosont stato of the world, the breeches pocket is tbo most poworful of all nrgumonts, and if the most influential political clu6S in Queensland think it to their financial interest to putroniso John Chinaman, all other considerations will quiokly bo thrown to the winds. Pastoii Allen is not satisfied with tho re- . ports which appeared in tho Herald of the dis graceful BceneB in Hyde Park on Sunday after noon. Ho is_ (says Town and Country) absolutely longing- for martyrdom; and it is grevious to his soul to bo donied oven the creilit of enduring a few blows for the good cause. Twice was ho ' torn down,' and worse still, his valuahlo umbrolla w as destroyed in tho inelee. This stalwart defender of Protestantism is persuaded that arrangements have been made to kill him by his irate antagonists. Ho boliovos that, whilo -ho lives, tlio Papaoy tromblos, and thnt the Kiama ghost is still at largo. Wo aro disposed to accept with all pos Biblo seriousness the statement that tho roverond gentleman's death has been compassed, and wo aro compelled to hcliove that an organised attempt is boing made to siltnco his preaching in tno public parks. Such treatment of a would-bo martyr deserves sovoro con demnation ; hut what is tho justification for it? Pastor Allen tolls us his sermons aro composed of extracts from the Herald intermingled with passages of scripture ! Tho soripluro may bo exciting, but assuredly tho Herald oxtvacts would not set tho ' Papist heart ' on fire. Morcovor, tho reverend orator asserts that I10 has ' boon aBked every week for tho last three or four years, by one thousand rcBpoctablo ladies anu gentlemen,' to continuoliis services! However astounding this statement may he, wo confess wo cannot see sufficient ground for tho belief of many respectable persons that Pastor Allen is a Jesuit in disguise. Under these cir cumstances it would he wise for our Catholic fellow-oitizcns to givo tho Pastor and his thousand 'ladies and gentlemen' awido berth. At tho same timo we would suggest to that zealous thousand, that religious courtesy is tho crown of religious liberty, and that thoy will do. well to air their sectarian animosities in their own churches, where tho most oxtreme controversial statements cannot justly offend the susceptibilities of their follow citizens. 