The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 14. 1878. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIMENT. TUESDAY, August 13. In the Legislative Council— The Companies Act Amendment Bill was read a third time and passed. The Kousington and Nerwood Boundaries Bill m nad a, tfaixd time ud paved. The Council tdjoaxaed till Wednesday, aVogaattL. la the Home of AawmHy- Tm day*' tern of abaaaea an? mated to the Hoa.Jo—OM.TW-ifcagi—ad of tU-oaatth. A Bill Car • niXwrnj torn Dry Ckeak to To? -teaa GflDy «m Isttodaced aad rmA m tot time. The KBBriocto? and Ngnmd Booadaria* Bill «aa a awd• an* ttaw. Tiwdebate oa tbe Bodfet Speech was eoo daded, aad the feat Gm m the baWe. paand. TbaTaaAsc?aa, the Boaae havog c*ae ia*o a OanmiHtae ofWaya aad ftteaa, awwi ica> lataaoafor th* ianoattionof iaeaaat and pro perty tens. The?ooa?ta«Bferaajad.aadtae Coaiadttee obtained leave to att again oa the following Thnnrfar. Tiift la?cadaAa?ta of tha Lariaiaifctvie OavacO in the OopTi^ht KU wen agradd to. The Brand* BUI was farther nuaai tared in CoamiMee. The Home adjooraed at II minute i to 6 o'clock UII the foUowiag day. Thk debate on the whole fiaaacul polity of the Government that according to Parliamentary practice in Urn popular branch of the Legislature takes place upon the first item of the Estimates, ww on Tuesday, in the Aaaembly, broajrht •ocne wbat unexpectedly to a doee,tobe tmme diately renewed in the ■*■?■■ nu wponthe Govemmeat propoeaU for Creek tantio? Q&ly; Mr. Coaho spoke during- the afM?ooa 00 the Budget, and on the coaduakm of his addreea then m a dinaoa on the ant item, bat only half a^kxen nagsmbera, ia dtblnf the two ct-Tiliwiwi atsl Mr. Oerr, voted with the Nee*. Mr. BouHt than moved hk faution woltioM, aaioa his reeomisvr h? ant their f urfl?ercan«yer atioowae adjourned till another day. He and Kr.Cooke necesaarily dealt to a gnat extent with the same eubjecta—the fiaaacU poaibon of the colony, the necessity for in creased taTatjqn, the adioatmest of the burden to the different daam of the com munity, and the wisdom of the MJni* terial schsme for ceasing teveaae- Thefipeaker ia response to a request from Mr. Bom that he would inform the Haass what k thepnrtioeof the British Hoaavsf Commons with regard to unripe tided balances, read some extract* from " Todd," afaowiagthatSMce lBSStherala lawaaaa that all such bsUacea are, at the dose of the financial year, smraadeied to the Exchequer, and before they can be ex pended most be reroted. Todd, at the tmtnmt time, i?"fi*" out aome iscoareassacea reeulting fram'jtbis rale, and on acevmt of wfakh epeciai sopsilj votes an vsqakel during the first quarter of the financitl year. Mr. Cooke took occasion to refer to some of oar remarks upon the subject of the Government taking it for granted tint money voted for die year would be ex pended during that year. We did not, as the boo. member suggested, aay that all the expenditure sanctioned on account of any works approved during one session should he expended before the dote of the current year, but that the Government should proceed upon the aiwutnption that money voted for the year would be employed during that period. A work sanctioned by r?rliament might take several years to complete, but where the money is voted as part of the year's expenditure surely if a Treasurer wishes to show how he will make both cads meet he must effect this object by ignoring the will of Parliament to carry out the will of Parliament. We should like to know 011 what other principle esti mates could be framed, and what is the nmpwing of the term "Estimates far the year." If it it generally wnsWatood that the money cannot be employed during the twelve months it should not be voted. Mr. Cooke, in speaking of works sanctioned by the Legislators' but not even commenced, asked whether the amounte required for these undertak ings should appear in last years ancrtaata and this year's too. We are «?^'wd to believe they should, upon the principle that they were handed over to the Ministry for certain purposes, and the Government has no authority to return the money, but ia expected to expend it on the objects far which it m voted. When we adopt the English practice of requiring each amounts tobe revoted the case will be dif ferent- Kthajworkcanlw&ashsdforlem; On the 101 allowed for it, tb« balance should, and we aanpoaa does appear in next year's estimate of nveaae. We an disposed to think it is ab surd to place a greater amount on die EatiaaatH for expenditure dan can poaaaiy be expended, bat if Parliament passes such sawnrti the Onrvg—mart as required to caawidar them as part of dm great total to asset which the vi—mi mass be raised. Where, however, it is palpable dart dm amounts voted cannot be ex]>endedtheTTes*urer shouUsccept dm fact, and pesos it baton the IsjjaasMj all attempts .to tmxdea dm Esttaaams wn? m— of i laanHaia Car a«Mk warfa thatca?aofwaacarriolocL "Mr. Booxsat? otheow of taxatiaa m •«? ■nttedoa TMOuywtfio? oo?wwhot fnm ill tot ptVHateML ft Wat ffpaariy obiseto* tohiao^B*tate?oaniA?tAey did aottoach T f ff[-f y*- a-I IT ■> little or bo mat, hat npidly faeMafaf to nattkniajk f **** axaoaAann^n^oaMt <v hot ft^M^i^_ Vteho?O thk ludt in the aeheose wm amply ac warit of aa ovetnjhL The rrawaraaw praaoosa that the tax of aUauaoa fa Aa pooa* aho? he aajaMi boob -the OBwaMaS?tl wVnaTnfanl VawlanS** a]f laanVaL Canal it >9 h peeanei Aat Aa foUawe* n lovyi?K; thutaxasn eooVort imj laeal rates for Corpaaiioaa aam Dia txiet Coaadk. It woaM aot oe to aro obs* aaoa Aa haaj of Ac CToeai nat Aat rnnM tin nltfiwnl, ■■ ia an—n t?T. ami in parts of Adelaide, then an Ueeka of yafwrt hna worA thooaana, hat whxh ooaataotbentoafToaal naL Thaoaly jaatpriadple, at leaat with regard to ton ptuyetly, is to levy npon a fair iatonat oa the amoant <rf many the bad ia worth, Mr.Boaeaoi'a naniatin— of aunt —t he tanxaa* aa ahowoaj tha priadpiea of ha achene. Tho detofla naataapaaria Ac Bat be prop oata to introdaee, aad he wnl bob* totldiik then deta3a oat, or he will fia* lOlanSnl BDV aaDvi taWB 4UIVC9 ifltO wV#OnBT by hk o|wi am ulu. He was asked whether Ac atoek-ia-tnde of anerdnat woold be taxed, aa* replied Aat he bbbbobnl ao. now ft m m aaawa?y ainittilprn ciph) of political oooaoaty Aat tsxea oa articles of ua—iiapliiai bU oa the coo eomer, ao that the napropertied daawa cool* not be heaafite* by aach aa ianost aa Aat. TfaesitahooMaotlwforjQttoaAat a huge pnpottaoa of these goods pay Customs datna, aa* it woald be a Clillfn*J MCnttagCfeM?t td t3nX wawfinTs. tWIOC over. With respect to noa-daiy payiae; goods, we shoal* certaioly not admit artidea datf free, aa* Abb taxAenmAeanuaaartatore. tmnHmw qaeanoa pat to Ac Treaoam wn, whether he weoJd tax « fsmer's hona*, aal hk reply was Aat he woeU aahjeet Aom —oieai?ngtheiaen?? boat Aen to Ac threepe??ytox, whether they wen hmaeV iag or working horses. Beally Ac finaai wool* pay on his inrnna, aa* Ac tax gatheaiTi woold ban ac awed to tromns aWhshones,for Aeyeoold antdn?? gvkh between Ac ncoams denved from these aab?ak aad Aat yielded by the rest of Waaatew's atock-ta-tade or by hk penoaal wiwtiem Then k oaa poiat worth naaiaiilwiiuj, with raTwnairii to a feraaer naiiiiaj, a fraehold. The anoaat of h? kad-tax ahoaU b? aolactol fjroa? fak inrniar law, othenriae far that par^ of ais aaoone nare* anted by teat he woald be taxed twice over. For inetearw, suppose a fuanr cobU let bk awtan* for £?30 per bbbbbi. Tlial he ankes £300 deer frea Sanwae* it, Aetecoai* be aojastiee ia cwsb pe?nghnito payoa both th.3C9?aad £500; owe arast mafic ia theoAar, Aoagh whether he shoaid pay thnepeaee oa Ao £300, or aLcpeaoe on £300 aa* Araifwiw oa Ac other £100 k a awntiaii Aat kappa toaawaaaaa. It k part of the achene Aat the fist £300 ckaO be free fronaaytex with aa iacwne tax, bat they have ban hare. Whew Mr. CaoheaseartodAat aa iaooato tax BVMlt«* either fabwhooi or ■■Cam nnfffnnVtoCnnl pfOOMU&T;^a) ant ffV JBe^gtenHanVoi Vf? tfljaaffnnV ■> W9B WiWmfkf Wm* dabjktrnowaof Aoee gtib hkh-Moduaj pbraaes Aat earn to mob* a ponea aa* aat off a speech far Ac aaoauat, bat an aat coaaktoat wiA wefl kaowa facts. For a?nyyeanAe naons tax has faeea pail by aanwae of rniTishainn in the old maatij, aa* Aey an likely to saaaut to Un 9 mWOBHMmWAWBt IwC atanWy J6ot tO MannV Tha bat of Mr. Bowcavt a reeelabwas ohowaa r:haagi> of treat oiaee he anae hk Ba*g«iBpe«eh. Thea he asked for Ac tax aa Bfrrnary to anet Mpnaiiraia, hat pledged kmwelf to deal with Ac iaoaeaee of taxatka aext year. Now bo stoves «* nat oa each dattet" {i*. the kcone tax) Mbskar broaght iato operation Ac ia- CBnace of taxation aa raked by aaeaas of Caatoan ahoald he readjasto*." Thk BBtna?y naini that the tariiw of taxa taoa Ama#h Ac CBaten-Hean ahoaU be aghranei aa soon as Ak fren inpost k lerkd; aad as we axe waitiag for the Begorktioas nspeerfawj the Caatoaw Coa vaatko to he hraaght to a condeeinw, Ac iaeoan tax, or as it should store preporlj be called the incoeae aai property tax, cannot cone into force ontil aext year Thk ahoald dkana Ac opposition of Aon nanbrrs of the Assembly who oppon Ac acheme akaply faecsan they do aat think additional ts?srino k reqaixed, bat advocate other modes of xaiaiag reTeaat than then at present in use, ia order Aat the national bardeasawybe nonefaitablr adjoate*. We have ao doabt Aat Ac achene wi? be strengiy opposed, as any other Ac Preauer aught have bcoaght forward woal* have beta. The fact k that thetehavealwajabteaan?ib?ni?AeLowar Haaaaaafeattdnoniacrhiii ■■iiM J ?ia ft «ha? naWimmi to aaeare jaatiee for their aa fort?aate conatitaenU and pronote Ac advaaeeaaest of Ac eokny. Mr. Cooks atroagly objected to oar a|iinVawj of pas> aible ntaaJthfalaeno? Ac part at annhaa> of the Anenbly to Ac pkdfn Aey naaw to the eketors. What wa aai* was Aat n case of each treachery Ac Govenoae?t saotdd appeal to Ac eoastry, aa* wa say a? stflL Thk refora in Ac node of raking the nvanne has been delayed for yean. The people have duaiayeda aataasea Aat laucaawltoh* avktae. If Aey nwnx to he opprened aad oco?woaa?y g<wV* with nir ptoauaes of nfaa wecaaaothetek, batweehafi VMmwm to deal with Ak eaaatua with the urntifa nwt we enwiawr oar n apnwnany to Ac pahbe twswkaa. TJrewc-t I lftiii|ir nwtw?ttoM mvi. Imnttmm gmttMj tktomm that a mB &m; Man the JUhmm uctta^rtavto any oat As aw?te «f tte tmmtatj ftinHil to Am iy Urn BmSb Co«im. hi pilljlM «rtkfc W« Hfagrf IfH^to tktaanMHtJMMlilvAi l^dMnfii to A* Bdtidk C«Md uTnteorft, W •aodMV *• Mb"*lo"***o* <* ftg>wJ *? fMMt tfcairc«mtoy fnm kngknlil o^r to Sw, tat •? a?«HtiiHh^r ,wrto—. i ullitiUi i ,? ■w oXwM QU.J—> of Urn cmbfal its people wiD |i*illj he irrulili to oar wilw Tho territory to faceae* oae b <he «?***. portkat of tfeVanjat of Mfayt, «■*■ fa Ajfiiai fat* Jff""*** Oppar aa* Umm mV m^mw ■■■. EaVWaMB { wfe WHIP wvttw Ac whale of Ac md eWaeat A* jftaftlataT ManM?afnaan* iU« £• atsft?nnnhnn w*ww nsn??aaawa?n aU9a> mt alaVHaannnW aswper«a*dte the enftVaMtof AeMaja Ac KawJt, o*vb«lt, aw* TdifeS^k BBBBaBe SBBBbV AIWWBBWBB.Iit these ■■ i hato?E?wr to lonatt???k la I*bb*bb naif by far Ac amiln ptrfft?|y- IflfftM? waVB M^OflfelflfiL tff inMMS 4w? ChflV wJMat flannnm 4nnt snVaaaaaaWl*aMnmaaWnV Jnfaianla anefUihtoo*. Ite total laliMpaaahj tkaef Ao entrictnay he pal ewani at aiwwt otyMO, of whom aheat •/MR) an la to Aatoaaaat headded a large aaaahar of Oeorgka fajkm*. The LaaM a? • oi Miirnmlmi ia Ufc, bat ha** a* facial cosawctaon with Ao Taxsa, am* ia fact have eajoyed a poetical naeae????Oe aaeerAe Ottoman nde. Attkbiw naf Ihn aaiii ■■iiia; iliiliiil Ifcn Tun aw BaawnmnMi uy tanx own sawa, Baa. poaa—*Aagcwakw?,BMroly payiaf • trmate to the Porte. Ajaoaf the dnaf af the BeyskTahiaAwnli Ai,«htfa?w i Aekaaeref taaiawntttawiy awmaavV ! aeaajertioa rf tanas hweaalajriy | mocaamaeen to ta^Tr awoer Ac taiaaf faith, e?d they d^yW the liberty thaj have uajnyai aaaat the Baron. If Aey an kaaaal ever to teOnr Che/ kaaar oafty too nl what to eaaeot. Swajttkoa Bawdy ataa* to Aam ia awe tew aw* ftam Ooa^m to Uartav, «ai fcnatoli ! kDV *fc? BiIMbMbW eflatfCKtOal t|a* &Mal;* I aT^aaaa?a^B^a^aa tfsK??am aalalh-a^a amjJaaWa^a^aH li? 4Ta^a\ mtv« ; how A* laai of the Otmpmm mm aawaMoataaMKctha Ma—wto^aAJa iathearanref t?*Cxar; aadhowO?nia of tW Bajs w aaaeaaiai ■/— I at amfateat by the huh. it fc thki aw- Ma^B «i wbk aa aaaam paaNa aaa caftan* vaaer the ana raw at Aa Gay tiMt ftw «HMal laoLaawto nA to ■oal to bj^ to the hat after flhMflaV ant to a* haaanl ovar to tha toalar aaadnaf tho Kaaaam. Iks aatoja «t thmiiijwhitlilly nttfarflf tehM* i fiaiMi, a?*M| ■linarij ifcajaiHai •Ba^B^fenaaadaWaa?afl aaf 'Va^^aV?aam -_^__. 4^aa? fcoaoaaa of tho *bar Ohank torn aa aft teana flat at fhe haa> af tha aMaataa% a%Maf ia%aal at bmbjariatt «*•> aym feat ja ha^ht. ria? jmmmf •^■■■■■■™™*™"™™* ■^f ■■■■■V"* ""*""* fa""""""* aaai af aW oaah, whoa fhojaai aat aM>a%f tha M af aaae xaHtaj to?Ma«wftsa?? to caaaV at haat BBaawalaar thsaaaA aal aanavfaaiwcf'. BoaitiaaWcoaa?jr dnMiaai aaak. fth> <■■!? «>i a? g^^^^ &a;£^^ aw^^vb Illllltft 111 ■11111 l llllllTlll |MIII ■Mill anaaia&M;? widioachothaT. Tha aJtaatM? af Bataaav aanaaalatat it it hj •> wflaa ooaaoy, ia |1 iftj •otoifar aofeace. Sitoatoi m m ahaa aesr the an, it is aratat?Ml aa aHatfai cxnat to the aaivanl ay atjn waaaaa rnnttiginl ymf mm. Tho nihjw fcataaam thcainafw aw atoulatoly aaa—Ma, aal ptvrioas to tho war then won ba taaf aaanachai of asj Idai. Ho oah/ Mai CJIIU BOY aY nCC By Wan Cot XoSVaToIBCBiwVV aVttetnanwi ftOR wawC anttwal ati?b «W wanflfc fl^M theCaosnkVo?ey- bom Axtrim,mml fat ox bj this tho Baawnawfllia afl afohaU?tfT aparaach. The nato, howercc, h) aaav> taaftnajh; ankalt oae, «ad > aaa? Wai of lojotato aua, wan atnjaatatea. with tha i iaalij > aa^tnaaaf tho toelnVaH? of aaanayahaar thego^ahetwaai Aitvia aai?naa?avori?Hat joanoj Ihvoajha. voaoyofaoata. Ofthoa>oa?tii«iniriaaa? totheaarih of Aw torn the farthootto las*. At af If —naan, fa ■liooij toaor a?aaai of the Baoaaav aad tmmni Aa fmst tow of their attack aaria* A* ha* war. li??MiilbliNlj Uen* Uk the «aaa> frhtdt.arfi, fatilaliar th>Taday —I ia the mat lra« hotanoo? bbbbj of *■*■*■* Aoaa^offiaT?aaiwonfoaxhL Banal Ak fa ?y?m«i fw aiifcaVi Ba? of JUfc— woitof kaowa m As Taarao-BBBa^ haana whkhacaia atht Chacfce, aloe a otnaj pooiriwi Itrtaom theee «4gee Aoniea, hao of oaaaaaaa?a?i i n i^"**y (wsaaa by h?tanai ?***/? «-• ■■* «f3"? torAoao??omaf?aton?topiiioalltial KaaaSl f-^tt^B-w aafWtoaaaaani SnT aan% Vafaa??aW aosoar to he thocaw. What tho Tana wSoeaitheaatftor it v aotaawtoaay, njt Aak fowa o? otifl wtthn A? to— aasnat Ao tow?j aa* Aoy BBaaaWaaiaai Aat Aofwasaanth/ wttanw.aal A*i by • ii ITi I attack Iran Ao ato oat SaaaT' la Ina to ia la aaa, ?ay laag hi* 4anaa? to tha h^llto^aaSft? anftaannnnnlfff annaV aatatafe #bm*j annnaannl aTatanl naanV Turfa in a position of considerable difficulty. The latter have bound them- Solves to surrender the country to Russia, but they are in no way obliged to help the Czar to conquer it, and the Lazes themselves openly avow that they consider themselves as under the pro tection of England, and that to England alone will they yield the country. Of course In the face of the Berlin treaty, unless some arrangement can be eventually come to •frith the Czar, the English cannot take the country; but it is to be hoped, for the sake of its brave inhabitants that some via media will be found by which the Russians may obtain all they wish at Batoum, while the JLazistanlis retain that comparative in ■dependence they have so long possessed. Telegraphic communication has been re stored on the Western Australian line. The RnssLam are at last preparing to relieve the Turks of their presence at San Stefano,and thus remove the chance of a hostile «olhsion with the Ottoman forces within the lines at Constantinople, which the arrogance of Iheir demeanor has made daily imminent. Sir Stafford Northoote, in announcing the ap proaching evacuation to the House of Commons, stated that as soon as it was accomplished the British Squadron would leave the Sea of Mar mora. The Austrians have met with another success in (Bosnia, and have made an impor tant advance by securing the town of Trevnick, * strong position covering Bosna-Serai. It will tie noticed that Mr. Cunliffe Owen, C.8., the «aergetic Secretary of the British Commission at the Paris Exhibition, has been entertained at a faanqnet by the New South Wales Com nussioners. It is evident from the telegram, in refe rence to the Bank rate of discount which is published in our columns this morning, that the one received by us a few days sinoe was erro neously transmitted. It was then stated that the Bank rate was 6 per cent, and a further rise was expected, which could hardly have been the ease with the market rate at 4J per cent. It is now certain that a mistake must have been made by the telegraph operators somewhere, as it is announced that the Bank Tnjnimnm has been raised to 5 per cent, which even is an unusually high rate. In the Legislative Council on Tuesday, the Hon. B. C. Baker moved the adjournment of the House until August 21. He stated that as there was no important business before the -Council, the adjournment would be convenient to the Government, as the Chief Secretary, who was in Melbourne, had been delayed there in consequence of the late arrival of Mr. Burns, the Postmaster-General of New South Wales, with whom and Mr. Berry he had gone to con fer upon the future postal arrangements for the -colonies, and would probably not reach Ade laide w?wt before the date named. The motion was carried. Contingent upon the consideration of the Ksrimaten in the House of Assembly, the Hon. J. Can intends to move that the item "Clerk -«f Tanfawrng Bench, £140,** be struck out. The "rlaptmda Rabbit Preserving Com pany shipped to London by the Cuzco 41,760 lbs. of their preserved meat, and 61,200 lbs. are to be shipped by the *«•<«? i-?gn? The annual show in connection with the Virginia Agricultural Society was held at Vir ginia on Tuesday, August 13. The affair proved -a great success in every way. A full report and the prize list appear in another column. A statement has been laid on the table of the Assembly showing the tonnage of goods conveyed on the rail way between Port Pirie and Georgetown from the opening of the line to •Tune 30 last. From Port Pirie 67 tons were conveyed, and from Georgetown to Port Pirie 1,498 tons. The number of persons -who arrived in the colony by sea during the .week which ended on Saturday, August 10, was 94," all* of whom came from Melbourne. The number who left by srwnlsy ttuasTwi during tfi*? same period was 140\. Of these six were for New South Wales, and 131 for Melbourne. Mr. John Robb signed the contract for the Port Victor Breakwater on Tuesday, August 13\. The work will be commenced immediately on the arrival from Bug! mid of some plans ordered by the Government, which is expected in about a month; but in the meantime the con tractor will make tbe necessary preliminary ar rangements. On Sunday, August 11, two 'men started from Moonta Bay in a boat for a sa3, and when they were opposite Port Hughes a squall caught the boat and capsized it. The Ymk£i Paum sida Adeertiter states that both men swam ashore, about a mile, and that the boat bat since been recovered, so that beyond a good no damage was done. On Thursday, August 8, Mr. S. Harris, of the Moonta Gasworks, was severely burned. She York's Pemnnla Ateertxttr states that * the fire not burning sufficiently well, he threw some coal-tar into the furnace, and the flame came out into his face, and also caught the re mainder of the tar in the bucket, setting it jKgltf Jfc. Harris sustained some nasty boms nbout the head, face, and hands. His clothes were also burning, but he ran into a pool of water near by ana quenched them." At a meeting of the Kapunda Hospital Board held on Thursday evening, August 8, an offer, which was accepted with thanks, was re ceived from the Hon. J. Pearce to supplement to the extent of 25 per cent, all amounts raised within the Corporation during the next twelve months in aid of the Hospital. It was resolved (the Herald says) to take steps for the forma tion of ladies' Committees in various parts of the district to collect funds for the maintenance of the Hospital. The anniversary sermons of the Wesleyan Sunday-school. Woodville, were preached on Sunday. August 11. Mr. Swan, of Gumeracha, officiating in the afternoon, and the Sev. James fiaalam, circuit minister, in the evening. On Monday successful tea and public meetings were held. At the Utter Mr. B. H. Butler Superintendent of the School, presided. Th: report, which was read by Mr. Lawrence, ehowed that the school was in a satisfactory position, both numerically and financially. Ad -drfsses were delivered by the Sev. Mr. ff?"'?T" and Mr. J. C. Minns. On his recent visit to Melbourne Mr. ■J. C. Minns, Secretary of the South Australian Plate Glass Company, opened negotiations with the Australasian Plate Glass Company for the withdrawal of their business from Adelaide for the next ten years, conditionally on the South Australian Plate Glass Company not opening a fcranch in Victoria. The negotiations were finally settled on Tuesday by telegram upon terms very advantageous to the local Company. For breach of contract a penalty of £200 is TT"""* on tie offending party. The squatters on some of the rune in the Far North are sadly annoyed with native amimnla. « They consume so much of the feed," cays the Vorthern Argus, v that the runs will not carry nearly the number of sheep that they •would otherwise. WHpena, Anpnaiinaj Oorapa rinna, and, in fact, all the bin country is over run with, euro and wallaby. They eat ud ywnMi ■of the grass, and unless effective means are used to destroy them they will become as great a past to the squatters as rabbits are to the agri culturists in some districts." The Northern Argot states that "A meeting of ratepayers was held at the Clare Ball on August 8, to approve or otherwise of the Council borrowing £LjOOO to pay off the mortgage on the Town Hall. The meeting was merely of a formal character, as tile ratepayers liaving agreed to the Council getting the loan •t 8 per cent, they could not now object to pay 7 per cent, for it. Mr. Hosier proposed, and Mr. Bright seconded, a resolution, approving of the Council borrowing JBLjOOO. As no amend ment was proposed the <Jhairman, Mr. Bee, put the resolution, and declared it carried. 0 Those who desire to see a comprehensive of furniture should pay a visit to Messrs. M. Salom ft Co.'s Auction Mart in aSndley- sfeeet, where there is variety enough to wlifiytheta?teof the most fastidious. Some «*«?e drawing-room suites are very pretty, and there are also four of Bord's pianos, which with «? furniture wfll be submitted to auction lemthatwe should specify the various articles enghjhi^; His sufficient to say that there ?B?«Ji?i?d foreign drawing-room, dimi^ •^^T^^;? HW-d'OT**-^bedroom*nrnituireo every description, and «J1 .handsome in style. Js? l^?11^ 18 ToMfry morning's srastiber report on the Adelaide si-d PortlSr win Telegraph line:—Bdtana, cabn," cloudy Peake, lignfe?iwfriimg., flnadalci Craters, calm, dear, fine, pleasant; Alice Springs, calm, dear, fine; Barrow Creek, cairn, ctear, fine. pleasant; Powell's Greek, fresh, dear, line, pleasant; TtanantOnek.light.elear, fine, warm; Daly Waters, light, dear, fine, pleasant; Katherine, moderate, clear.fine,pleasant; Pine Creek, calm, clear, fine; Yam Greek, light, clear, fine, cool; Southport. light, clear, fine, warm; Fort Darwin, light, few clouds, pleasant. The rainfall from 9 a.m. on Monday to the same hour on Tuesday, Auguit IS, is regis tered as follows: — Auburn ... 0*390 Mimnm ... 0-040 Blanehetown... 0"040 Normanville... o*oso Gape?orda ... 0-235 Port Elliot ... <KM.7 Goolwa ... o*o9o Port WakeneM 0-080 Kadina ... o*llo Penola. 04SO Kingscote ... 0*240 Birerton ... 0190 Kingston ... o*BBo Kobe 0-070 Millioent ... 0-300 Strathalbyn ... 0020 Mount Barker.. o*ooB Tanunda _. 0080 Mount Gammer 0-380 Wallaroo ... o*llo Mount Pleasant o*loo WUlunga ... o*o4o We observe from out advertising columns that a branch office of the Australian Widows'fond life .Assurance Society has beau formed in Adelaide. Wo nmtamtanii that the business hitherto has been carried on through an agency, but that the lane number of members in the colony decided die Head Office to establish a Local Board with full powers to cany on the business of the Sooietjr hero. Central and commodious offices in King Wil liam-street have been seemed, and Mr. Gavin F. Gardner (brother of Or. Gardner) has been appointed Besident Secretary. We have no doubt that the Society win largely increase its business in tike ookmy, sad we wish it every sucoess. The usual monthly i(?Mwring of the South Australian Sunday-school Union delegates was held in the Stow Church Vestry on Monday evening, August IS. The President (Mr. B.S. Wigg) was in the chair, and representatives from fourteen schools and four personal mem bers were present. The Bzamination Com mittee reported the result of the last competi tive examination of sebolan and the ■*«—■«— of the fortunate price-taken. The Visiting Com mittee reported upon visits made so various schools in and.aroond the city. AOommitkeewas appointed to consider and report as to the best hymn-book to be adopted and used by the Ban day- schooU. A Committee was also appointed, consisting of the conveners of all the SobObm mittees, together with the officers, to consider and report on the nature of the annual meetinK, which it was deemed should take place in tha first week in October. Other matters of minor importance were dismissed and disposed of. A meeting of gentlemen interested in securing a quarry for supplying building stone for Port Adelaide was held at the Wellington Inn, Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening, August 13\. There was a large attendanoe of persons interested in the building trade, ?™* Councillor Cleave presided. The Chairman reported that since the last meeting Councfllors Honey and Barm had inspected the property adjoining the Dry Creek quarries which had been referred to at a previous meeting, and had secured it for quarrying purposes. It was decided to form a Company at once, with a capital of £500 in £1 shares, to work the property, the Company to be called the Port Adelaide and Suburban Stoae Quarry Company. Promoter* wen appointed to draw up a prospectus. This Company will meet a want that has long been felt at Port Adelaide, for under the existing state of tilings it is not an unusual tiling for builders there to be at a standstill for want of this class of ma teriaL "With respect to pensions to Civil ser vants the Anc Zealamd Herald publishes the following circular from the Colonial Secretary's Department to the officers of the Telegraph Department for their information:—"Sir—l have the honor, by direction of the Colonial Secretary, to inform you that Ministers have bad under consideration the question of granting gratuities to the widows and chil dren of officers who may die in the public ser vice of the colony, as provided by the 40th section of the Civil Service Act, 1808. They are of opinion that it is the duty of Civil servants to make provision for their *?Tni>Wt by insurances, and that the system which has hitherto obtained of depending upon the State for such provision in caseof death is objection able in principle, and ought to be <*"?-wi"«""?'* lam accordingly directed to request that you informed that of future Ministers will not be prepared to advise His Excellency to act upon the provisions of the statute above quoted.—l bave,&c-;,G. S.Coofbr. To O. Lemna,Gemenl Manager." The man William Letts, who was arrested by Police-trooper mf>-?>qi for the recent robbery of a cashbox containing over £100 in cheques, notes, and silver from Mr. C. Williams, of the Orroroo Hotel, has been com mitted for trial by Mr. C. Giles. JJ, at afel row:—"lt appeared from the evidenoe," says the Xortken Argus, " that on the morning of the 7th inst. the prisoner was seen in the vicinity of the informant's bedroom, where he had the eashbox. On leaving the hotel the prisoner was seen to have something under his arm, and entered a building which he had been erecting, bnt shortly afterwards went towards the creak. The masons on the building pointed oat to the trooper the direction the prisoner had taken. He follow.*! the footprints and found a*3S in notes in the hollow of a tree, and the eashbox in the creek. He afterwards came on a place where the prisoner had kindled a fire,andunder a flat stone were seen the ashes of paper lately burnt. The eashbox had been broken open. The prisoner pleaded not nilty. and main tained that he had no knowledge of the robbery." At about half-past 1 o'clock on Tuesday morning, August 13. a fire broke out at tba vinegar works of Messrs. Pond & Co, West terrace. Potiee-constable Cunningham, who was on the Franklin-street beat, noticed the fire and *Tnmi*i«?«>ij- gave the alarm, and within a i few minutes the first fire-reel. No. 3, was on the I spot. This was followed by Kos. 2 and 7. which, | however, were some minutes too late. Excellent service was rendered by the first reel, which was under the charge of Mr. Holland, and the conflagration was soon extinguished. The promptitude of the men under Mr. FH'f"^ is much to be oommendrd, and their active exertions were the theme of general comment and praise. The Superintendent of Fire Brigades (Mr. A. J. Baker) aud Councillor Holland were also present, and helped with others in Eubduing the fire. In about 15 minnte* the fire, which had been burning furiously, was completely get under, but not before a considerable amsnnr, of damage bad been done. The fire originated in the brewing room, in which there was about three tons of sugar stocked, which was destroyed. A Urge new vat, valued at £45, was also «i?mf«i The roof and' die walls of the upper story of the building were burnt. The machinery, which Is situated below the stairs, was fortunately untouched. Tba amount of damage has been roughly esti mated by the proprietor at about £I^oo. The property and the stock an insured in the South Australian Insurance Company for £1,800. We are informed that the loss will be really more than stated, as the trade was becoming brisk, and preparations were being made for brewing vinegar in large quantities. *" inquest is to be held this ■mwmng. A meeting of the South Australian Law Debating Society was held in the fiobing Boom of the Supreme Court; on Monday evening, August 12. There was a moderate attendance of members, and Mr. John Nicholson, the Vice-President, took the chair. The first question for discussion was as follows.-— " A sells BjS/MO bags of potatoes, to be delivered at the rate of 50 bags per day, payable on delivery. Upon the delivery ot the twenty fifth load of SO bags B refuses to pay for that load on the ground of defective quality. A then refuse* to deliver the balance of the pota toes. Can B sue A for breach of contract?" Mr. Varley opened the debate in the affirmative, and was supported by Mr. Whittell; and after some discussion the Chairman summed up and the question was decided that B could sue A nmuJ?diatfly for damages in respect of non delivery of the twenty-fifth load, and afterwards for any other damage he sustained, vide -*Bar ninghamv. Smith and Other*, 31, L.T-B, N.S., 540." The other question discussed was—" A assaults B. B, who is afraid Ais going to do him some bodily harm, seusesastick to defend t?jmw3f. And in Mftapg it up TfUfj'flfHMtlT ■"TKWTif (7s eye out. Has C any remedy? and if so against whom?" Mr. WbitteU contended that C had a remedy against B. and was warmly supported by Mr. L&batt.; Mr. Varley sub mitted that O"s remedy was an action against A for trespass, and quoted in support that well-known squib case, Bcott 9. Shepherd, bb? ported in Smith's Leading Cases, voL 1. On th? Chairmen putting *db- question {to §he meeting, it was decided that if B was justified: in raising his Mck P bad, a ?e«edy again* A. Avofeofthj^toitawChainigpslased The :^j^;iii^''^lfie6im^m- i wVUS d&BVVaVBA; "OD Vn?QSsQflssi •Jibgfestiiitifee tAinf^a^SSmm^ The attendance was large and the lecture wa« listened to with great .attention throughout, aj indeed was necessary, as Mr. Thomas has snob a rapid style of utterance that it required the full attention of his hearers to grasp hit mean ing. Tin lecture was an introductory one, and consisted of a general of physiology, and included a dissertation on spontaae ous generation, with an outline of the various theories ooneerning it This was ■perhaps the most interesting part of the lecture. In alluding to <ii<ftr+«?i experi ments made by smentiats in rotation Co the subject, he said that if a -fgatsWo. such as a carrot or turnip, is soaked in water, and the inftimon is «??«??■"?? under a miorosoope, it will be found to have become full of living organisms. Some believe that these ?.?i?«i. originated spontaneously. The other theory respecting them was that their presence was due to the exiatenoa of germs in Uie air or water. Beoaatly a number of scientific men bad made observa tion on the subject, wfakh wera of considerable Jmportanoe. Professor Tyndall had (one largely into the subject. The lecturer then dasoribed the weU-known experiments made by Professor TyndaU. showing that putrefaction does not occur where the ah* is pure. In introducing the subject of the human being, the lecturer said a human body nearly entirely consisted of four differentgasaes—carbon, hydrogen, nitrogen, and oxygen. The average weight of a human body was about 154 lbs., the proportion of the gasses being—carbon 81 Ibs^ hydrogen 14 lbs., oxygen 111 lbs, and nitrogen 3fc lbs. The solids part weighed 68 lbs., {partly consisting of water. The relative differences between-animals, plants, and minerals were then gone into. The lecture was illustrated by diagrams showing the different forms of existence among animals. Tbonext leotute, which wiUbespeoially devoted to a general description of the human body, will be given on Tuesday, August 30. A meeting of officers and Past-Grands of the Independent Order of Oddfellows of Australasia, Bouth Australian District, was held on Monday evening, August 12, at Murray's Terminus Hotel/.to consider the advisaUeness of forming a Grand lodge in connection with theOrderinthiscokmy. The following officers and fnst Grands were present:— D&.GM. of District No. 32, Bro. Hearnej DJXCM. of Dis trict Mb. A Bro. Leans; -Fast-Grands, Bros. Jones. Ralph Button. F. Leane, BandaU. Man field.Ta^oliuon.Bevms, Richards, and Bate man. The D.D.GJI. was voted to tbTohair. and P.G.Bro.Maufield was appointed Mtnnte Secre tary. The Chairman said the object for which the meeting was called was to consider the de sirableness of petitioning the R.W. Grand Lodge of Australasia to grant a Grand Lodge charter for South Australia. The Order waste a very flourishing state, consisting of 12 Lodges numbering over 800 members, who were sending to the E.W. Grand Lodgelarge sums quarterly for dues, which he considered it would be to the advantage of the Order to keep in the oolony, and have the funds invested and con trolled by • Grand Lodge for the benefit of the sevenl Lodges. The majority of the brothers present also intimated their concurrence with the movement. DD.G.M. Bro. Leane moved the following resolution :-•• That this meeting of Past-Grands, aecingthe aesh- abOite of Obtaining a dead Lodge Charter for South Ansbmlia, do pledge itself to apply for the same, and pledge the Lodges we Mnauamt to apply for a Grand Lodge Charter immediately upon the probable cost being furnished 3>y the D.D.M.G-, Bro. Hesrne,and approved by the members of this meeting.-' Caiiied with one dhswitient One the motion of DJJ.GJf. Bro. Leane it was resolved—"Thai the meeting at its rising do adjourn till Tuesday, August 27. at 8 o'clock." Proposed by P.O. Bro. Beeves —"That a Committee be appointed, *~^«*s^ of DJ>.GJLBtos.Hearne, Leane, and Past-Grands R.tu^i^ Manfidd, and the mover to make enquiries as to probable coat ot office, printing. and other current expenses that would be incurred in caujing on a Grand Lodge and report at the adjourned meeting.** Carried. A nnanimows vote of thanks was tendered to DX>X> M. Bro. Heame for the very '-p|-THr' manner in which he bad carried out his duties as Chairman, also to P.G. Bro. Manneld for acting as Owiietaiy during the evening, after which the meeting adjourned. The adjourned special meeting of the members et the North Adelaide Co-operative Society was held at the store, O'Oonnefi-street, on Monday evening, August IS, to consider the •position of the Society. Mr. Win. King, inn., prerided There was a fair attendance, and Mr. C. H. Brown, the late manager, was present. The Cbanman stated that Mr. L. L. Furner had in accordance with the resolution of a previous meeting been wngaged to examine the books of the Bociety, and ascertain the position of affairs. Mr. Fumerfaadnot been ante to complete his examination, but had sent in his progress report, which was as follows:—I have looked carefully into the aeoounte of your Society, and beg to forward herewith a statement which show* stpprosiin?tely its pwsaiii position. By this account yon will we that the capital account shows a deficiency of £IS3 Ss. 14, which (assuming that the bat balance-sheet was correct and that the stock has been lauuialejj- taken on the present oocasion) appears to be a loss on the past quarter's operations. I cannot see bow , this loss has arisen, as with the amount of hwsinesi done a hanrtaow profit should have been realised, and I ha** no doubt bat that with careful w—sg-misrt the Socfetv will speedily peon— its losses. The shareboUeia will, however, haw to forego ptofits for the next six months. In the imiantlina I mold recom aaend that no shareholders be permitted to draw out their ananas until same definite arrange ment has been arrived at. I wish It to he ondcntoadfl??ttneaoooant submitted is only to be wgjrtwt sn approrimsh?, as I have had no opportunity of "cheeking the several items, although I have no donbt it represtnta pretty nearly the actual position of affairs." The un accmintable loss on the *■-■ inni of the quarter was referred to as being vary unaatictactory, and Mr. Brawn waa invited to explain the matter. Mr. Brown said tbe position must have been brought about in connection with the stocktaking. The stock was taken in his time at what rt cost, not what H was worth at the : time of taking stock. It was pointed I out in reply to this that the stock was taken by , competent persons, and marked in plain figure*, | and Mr. Brown was invited to go through the stock-sheets and explain where the difference ; has arisen,but he declined, stating that he did not feel justified in so doing; he felt satisfied | with bis conduct and conscience, and did not I •ppnm at tba w?y in which he had ; been treated by the Committee. Attention was drawn to the fact that the takings during the quarter ending June 30 wore over £800, and ; tnat during the current quarter there bad been ! a large increase in *~1-titts and cash takings | under the management of Mr. Brown* sue- I cessor, Mr. Lindsay. The meeting adjourned for the reception of Mr. Furner'a final report. A general meeting of the Committee of the Children's Hospital was held at Temple Chambers, Currie-ttreet, on Tuesday afternoon, August 13. The attendance was huge, and His ExeeUency the Admiusbator of the Govern ment occapied the chair. Apologies for non attendance were received Meanames Carter. Campbell, and F. Wright, and Mr. Goyder. The Treasurer (Mr. Thos. Phillipaon) reported that the total subscriptions received amounted to £4£Sl 16s. 9d. The balance on deposit account to credit at interest was £3,850. The amonnr paid into the fund £91 lls. Bd^ and that paid out was £003, leaving a balance to the credit account of £416 7a. Bd. The total amount to credit was £5,760 7s. Bd. The Secretary read a inogieas report in regard to the Hospital boOaing, which stated that the work was going on in a vary satisfactory manner. The Chairman suggested that as the building would be completed in a very few months it would be advisable for the Furnishing Oom mittes to take i~m«<w^?. action. After some discussion it was resolved that Mrs. Oolton should be appointed the convener of the Com mittee so that ibe action necessary might be taken. In reference to a suggestion from Mrs. IF. Wright, that the names of the ladies who were to hold stalls in the baaaar in M?r«-h next, and who were willing to receive contributions in work or in money, together witii the districts in which they resided should be made public, it was moved that an ad vertisement mentioning the names of six ladies from each stall should be inserted in the daily and weekly papers. An amendment limiting Alto MWMM #v> diwwM am.| jf>^ Aw ?aw]*j^?y4ii*fft wat received from William Addison asking per mission to occupy the hack room of the cottage belonging to the Hospital in twnwdanttion of which his wife would undertake to keep the place as now, and be in attendance there. It was stated that the man was working on the newbnilding.andtfaathe would remaminthe cojtage If^ffiowed until it was completed, and that W artanfeement would effect a saving of Us. *>.veek. The matter was eventually re jerred to Dr. A. Campbell and she Treasurer. The ioajbds of Meadames Cornish and Charles Jwcs MiMufJded to the Baaaar Oommittee, We 1 9u r laflyas representing Glenelg. Dr. Cpcm ell suajiested that an effort should be ntajw y the on the Committee to make 'MM Satfc maid of the funds of the Children's ' Sw H • •vests. It waa resolved that the . mfgws shofad ask the patronage of Lady pital were not going to be done. He had re ceived a photograph of the building with wfaioh he had expressed dissatisfaction, and since then he had heard nothing further. It was resolved that Dr. OampbeU should see the aromtost on the BubjectTThe meeting then dosed. A general meeting of the Commercial Bank of South Australia took place in the Town Hall Refreshment Room on Tnesday afternoon, August 13. There was a very large attendance of shareholders. The Hon. H. A. Tarlton, M.LC, presided. The Chairman said he had pleasure in informing the shareholders that at a preliminary meeting held in White's Arbitra tion Room on the 28th of June last, it was decided that a new local Bank should be estab lished. At that meeting some 17,000 shares were immediately applied for, and a resolution was passed that these shares should be allotted to those who applied for them, and the balance allotted by the promoters. Immediately after that meeting the promoters met, and arrange ments were made for the allotment of the re mainder of the shares. In a very short time the whole of the shares remaining were applied for. The 10th of July was fixed as the date to which applications could be received, and large numbers of applications came in and continued to come in up to that day, the whole number being no less than 127,884. The applications were from large numbers of indi viduals from all parts of the colony. The Pro moters had deposited in the Bank of Adelaide at interest the sum of £22,000 and the balance in open account in same same Bank. They had also secured premises in King William-street, for merly occupied by Messrs. Good. Toms, &Co.; Mr. Garlick. the architect, had examined the building, and found that it could be turned into very suitable banking premises. The promoters had appointed a share clerk, so that there might be no delay in the preparation of scrip. A Bill was now being prepared to be placed before Par liament. He might mention that the pro moters had held 11 meetings, and had dene everything they could to advance the interests of the shareholders. He would now ask the meeting to proceed with the consideration of the deed of settlement, but in the first place to deal with the cluases relating to the appointment of Directors, so that when they were passed the necessary nominations for the first Board of Directors could be made, and the ballot pro ceeded with. The clauses in question provided that the number of Directors should be five, and the qualification for a Director the owner ship of not less than 200 shares. In answer to a shareholder, it was stated that there were 49 shareholders holding 300 shares and upwards. A proposition that the qualification should be 100 shares instead of 200 was lost. The clauses in question were adopted. The nominations for Directors were then made, and the ballot taken, resulting in the election of the following -Mr. J.Beck 20540 votes; the Hon. B. A-Tarl- ton. 19,730; Messrs. A. Tennant, 16080; F. A. Grant, 15,835; and J. C. Verco. 15,455. The following auditors were elected:—Messrs. W. S. Douglas. 10,785, and J. Storrie, 8065. The various clauses in the deed of settlement were gone through seriatim and passed, and the meeting terminated. Tea and public meetings in connection with the Clayton Church, Kensington, are to be held this evening. A meeting is to be held this evening at the Stag Hotel, Rundle-street, to consider the subject of forming a cricket Oval in connection with the Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association. The Glenelg Institute was crowded to the doors test evening, when the Ber. Charles Clark delivered his lecture on "Westminster Abbey.** The audience included nearly all the leading residenta of the Bay, and the Building Fund of the Institute, in aid of which the lecture waa given, will receive a bandaosac donation. A raeceasf ul entertainment in aid of the Convalescent Home was given in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide,on Tanadar evening, August U.bvthe aefaohu? attending Mr. A. Martin's tcbooL His Worship the Mayor of Port Ade laide (Mr. David Bower, MP.) presided. Time was a large attendance. The programme, which consisted of songs and choruses, recitations, and a Christy Minstrel entertainment, was carried out remarkably well and was much appreciated. An entertainment was given by the Ade laide -Uedertafel at'the WoodviUe Institute, in aid of the Institute funds, on Monday evening. August 12. The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. David Bower, MP.) occupied the chair. The programme, which comprised choruses, qnar tettes, duets, and songs by members of the Lie dertafel, and nmAlnyt, was carried out very snoceasfuUy. The attendance was not so large as could have been wtohed. Bainford'e Ghost and Petite Comedy Company made their second •ppaaranee at White's Booms on Tnesday evening. There was* fair attendance, Several fanyimianijiisi upon the paformaneeof the opening night were noticeable, and the singing waa a good deal better. The Phantom MinLrtret bnsinws was exodlently managed, and the rapid traasfor sMDOOf WQ CXstsMQaaafgiy CtttdftsMMC. BM Barton sang very well, and her ana and pleasing acting formed a rilnasant break in the programme. The last scene wsa fairly tiren, but then is stall mom for tnpromsent, and that Mr. Sainford will efleet this we have no *Nbt. "Macbeth" was again placed on the boards at the Theatze Bojal last night to a house well filled in the popular parts. The acting of Mr. OPfi?Wlck tat OD UKsMF OCCfeaaUd?i VMS VQBfet Wa with much enthusiasm, and attheoaudnsion he was imperatively aummnnsd beftte the curtain. The piece went without a hitch from fin* to but, the various parformars doing their best to play up to the star. The witch anenos in which UHKfl* ODB isTTtsTBT ■•taaw iuWUimawg, wOT WBCy effectively rendered, much more so in feet than is usually the eaaa. Mias Graham as Uasate was justly honored with an encore fsr bar really fiae staging, and Miss Knight as the First Witch sang with her nanal taste and skill. To night Bhakspaare's pUy of tba "Merchant of Venice" will be performed, in which Mr. Ores wkk wfll sostain the character of Shyloek, sad Miss Ashton that of Portia. A euccettf ul musical and literary enter tainment, in connection with the Norwood Baptist Toung Men's Society, took place in the Baptist Lecture Hall. Norwood, on Tuesday enenioc. Angut 13. There was a, vary good at tendance, and the Rev. H. J. Lambert presidsd. The programme, which was wall arrangad, em braced songs, recitations and duete by tody and gentlemen amateurs, and the apphwise which greeted most of the pnifocutcin showed that the audience wen thoro^hly satisfied. Mr. Pearson gave the well-known recitation. « The Tarn of the Nancy BeU." in very good style, and also recited the "Death of Little Nell." The same gentleman appeared in a dialogue with Mr. McClure, "Wolseyand Oramwell," which received loud applause. Messrs. Coronel. Harris. Wyte, B. White, and E. Silver, for their recitations, were treated in the same liberal manner. A flute solo, "Th? Liquid Gem." by Mr. Wyle, was fairly rendered, and Mr. James for his songs," Wrecked and Saved " and " Happy Momenta," merited tha apnlanafihe gained. The lady amateurs who oontributed other eonjrs and duets enhaimed the nleaonre of the entertainment. The Adelaide Chess Tournament is now drawing to a close. Nearly II out of the 13 rounds have been completed, and the interest has increased as the end draws near. Since last week several hard battles have been fought. Mr. Bertram's game with Mr. Govett has been finished, the victory going to the latter. This occurred, however, through a slip on the part of Mr. Bertram towards the end of the game, whereby he lost his Book. On Tuesday evening, August 13, there was a considerable attendanoe at the Club. Mr. Evans commenced his game wits Mr. Stasis, but it was adjourned after three boars' play, Mr. Bvans having the disadvantage. Messrs. Stantonaad Wrenlort to Messrs.Maodonsid and Govett, both games being well fought. The number of games already played is 71. The following is Hie score :— First Class. Won. Lost. B. M.Steele,jun 6 • J. Bvans 4( 6 J.Mann 0 4 D.P.Maodonald fi « Second Class. T.Elliot 8 a E. Govett 10 l H.A. Hennqucs 2| a Third Oust. W.F. Bertram 7 3 W.Melvfn 44 S J.M.Stanton fil 4 C.W.Wren... S| 6 Fourth Class. H.B.FunneU ... _ 44 6 O.L. Klister. I 6 F. F. Machin... ... ... l| 7 