: -------------------------------- MR. HUTCHINSON AT TIARO. . (COMMUNICATED.) Mr. Hutchinson addressed a large meeting (Mr. Druin in the chair) on Monday, chiefly farmers and timber getters. He said as a, farmer on Imbil Road, and resident in the district since Gympie was two months old, he had always taken a deep interest in the welfare of the district, and in asking their suffrage i n the present occasion he was de sirous of making an explanation why he appeared before them. He had waited upon Mr-Mellor thrice to induce him to stand for this district at the ensuing general election, and read a letter which he received from Mr. Mellor declining to stand, expressing a liopo, thntlio (Mr. Hiitchinsou) would offor himsolf, aii'l ?? promiwi iii-'\ to .-?? give him bis hearty support. ??'? Mr. HtitoKiii'son spolcb for nearly au liouiy and was froquoritly applau ded. ; Tho loading points of his address wore relative to tho history of tlio railway ques tion in Wido Bay, the partho had taken in it, the policy of tho Into Govornment/and thoir neglect of tlio ;jii3tfcLiims of the district, and ,in particular tho oiiso with which tho Opposi tion qould simple 'us oft' tho ^Estimates for roads, &o.;, their opposition , of ' tlio: Bumim' ?RailAvayv.aud,dotlarod that thoir member Mr. Bailoy'Hadaccoi'add us much support to 'tho Government as they dosoryed. Ho. said. Avith; all their- defeats- they ivoro infiiiitoly bettor than tho. Opposition' would havo'bocjn,. had thoy hold tho' reins of offico, and cited Mcllwraith's motion as a proof, quoting from; 'Hansard' McHwraith's .statement, showing that only;£35D,000Zwds--put do\rn for branch railways, for the wholo colony, while if twico that amount ha 1 been appor tionod to AVido Bay it would not have beou more than was our duo, while tho sum was not sufficient to mako the branuh railway, whiclilias tlw strongost claims in the Bris bane district. He pointed out, — further, quoting from 'Hansard' — that Mr. Mcll wraitli ' d'ocliiib'd tb'sdy iii . what' maiinbr tlio insignificant , suni should bo expondod^— re- inarlcin'g'thdtthoatteiript would havdbeonsim ply ridiculous; but the most astonishing part oftlip motion was that about ?£2,000,000, .should be spent to make trunk linos into tho' intorior, wlioro there wore no pooplo ; tlie ?bsiilt would bo to plunge tho colony into a Nhtibnal Financial embarrassment by the hoavy loss such a moasiiro wqiild entail. On tho subjoot of Taxatiw,ho: said, all things pointed tp-diroot taxation, but ho did hot'up provo ofLiiu indiscriminate 'Land Tax,; aii Income Tax would v met the case bbtter. Ho in tlib strongest possible manner . 'de nouncod 'tlio action. of tho lato ;Governuient in thoir Uttompt- to absorb; ;3Vido 'Bay into the .{Southern eolcmyj '..^ where #a;'dobt , of £3,Opo,()p6 -would bo laid upon; our shbul dors.hvhjlp wo , had ; not ? got 'any' of tho monby spbnt in our ; District. '?? Ho cbh -domriod the last Auiondmbnt of tlio -Land (Act- 'as Sjiltogothor , against tho ? farmers unil smallpoloctors, and in, favor of tho spe culators and tho wenlthy olasses. Tho 'Orio. Soleqtionl'-. clauso and 'the Eesidont oltiuse worooppressivo to' tho sinallor and bonafido cultiyators of tho soil. 'Ho answered aliost of questions, ami fairly, :iha,db a profound ?sonsiition among tho fiirniors in his favor, and rocfiiyod (^requisition signed- by noorly fifty- eiobfors. *'' Mr. 'Baifoy ' 'was prosent, and ;«tatod ho took no side in this con tost, : proposing a vote of ..thanks : to -the Chairman, socouded by Mr. Hutclunsou, who ;also porsonnlly thankod -t]ip.. Ohairmau for his courtesy on his,' Mr. llutcliinson's, lirst visit to Tiaro. ...... ' ? -« ? ' ' '-?? Mr. Bookor addroasud tiiu oluotors of Wido Bay nt Tiaro on Saturday Hvoning last in tho Protestant Hall, Thovu was a fair attendance, tup chair boing occupied by Mr. Llowzor, Mr. Bookor oxplainod that it was only after rppoatod invitations that ho had at last consented to sook tho suffragos of tho okoters of Widp Bay, for ho had cortamly thought Mr. Mollor would con sent to allow hiunolf,. to bo nominated, and hp (My.;.Bb6kpr)*had dono his host to got thut igontlbmimito^cbino foiwaid, but ho had doclin'od. |Hp n6w'-saw'-by tho papoi s,' howovor, (,that Mpssrs.': Hutchinson I and Mollor wprp.nlsq in tho field,.-, and -the olootqrs: of vWjdp;i.!B.iiy.yliiiilj|o:ur l'rqiu (.whbin \ty i ?s,'olo,cl^i';tho:,twbj; 'lnuiiiboraj^thiM oloctoratb 'was ontitlod {-)'.'? ?.Ir. Bbpkpr'.snjdrifc hnil b.oon urged against him tlmt if ho -was olpctod the South of Wido .liny, Would liot-'Kot that': con sidcratioii; sh(-\vliito Uithut it would if a soiithorn g'antltvnau-was'returnpd'-mth-.-tuo^atKH-ospuutoit .nilnnber^- MivBiiiloyi;;;, Ho.''(Mr. Ji.J'trio.ughi; it !thp dutj-of whouVor ? was; rcturnnd to watch an cl6sply. tho intercjsts- of :? thp south of 'Wido ;Bay; as that of tho north, uiul tho eiootor-s could rost asbrn'od that if oloctod' lip,, would not ;bo found sacrificing his political .'reputation by acting in such; nn iirbitrarjr .niaunori ns sthat, which, had; boon urged iagaiust/hiin. ,;-, :Mr.;,.]Jijokor. ? was opposed to' the lnannor- in AYhiuh' Mr.M'lhviuith projiosod to,px.ppnd his £'-i, 000,000 ; ,tq.thoprosont; systoin qf:iniinigration.;':to'tli'6 influxof Cliihesb or! tho ' yollow'tigonj'rj-'i^wasiii favour of en couraging and ''fostering'- tlio wining industry ; thought'; tlio ? 'Land -Act- /ot''lS76'-t,hb 'biggest ??; oungio.; ;ovpr;porporrqice(i i.iwas -oi opmiou-tlid timo. niustcoinb;whon:aihind tax .would liavo to'. boiinppsod, but hpi,woul(linpt taxithoiman with^ siniill moans or only a fow- h'liiidredj iaoros.bf iland;; - ,qbj acted to laiidgrants foivtho. construe- ' tioii of privatp'i'nihvays, being oi: opinion that it- Svas far bottpr ,te ^borrow lnoiioyrin thojhpino market a t_ 3 br'/l ','ppr cbnt. than sell tho'lahds whioli bacriarib'six tiinos innro.Valuablo whpnthp :countrynvas opened'iip bi'-i'ailway cPmmuri'.ca tion. Hp was in favour of tho'Nationalsystem of Education. Tho spoakpr inotostcd against tho nmount of- mouoy sout home for tho pur chase of machinery that could bo as well, if not hotter, manufactured in the colony, nndroforrod to tho ' Groiior' case as an instancp of waste of public money. Ho was in favour of oxtondmg thp railway out wost from Go.otehio, but thought it absurd ;for people to presumo that tho Imp would not first bo cpinplotod to Gympio. After being subjoctod to tho usual questioning tho mooting carried by acclamation a..yoto of thanks to thp candidate, a'»;siinU~ar'coinplimont ?being, con forrod upon thpiohairniunt After Mr. .Booker's addrcssj Mr. Bailoy-took'ddvantago'of tho occasion to mako a fow remarks, during whioli hp ? disclaimed- -airy cpartisauship: in . tho 'oloction of a second hiembor for Wido Bay.' Bpth Messrs. Booker and ,TIutehinson,.\voro.par-' tioular frionds of hisii'andhbi'Jnid;no intention of lising ahyinfluoiico ho might poisoss for ono or ?thp ,qthor. r -,'I'ho- tnouting broke up with' throu olibbrs'fbr'Mr; Bookor, and hearty oiios for Mr. ? BailOJ'., _..,?? ?.? ??.? ?_ ,.ji; ', t;- ? ? ; . ;: ^ Tiiu Eevolt ix Nkw Caleijoxla.— T3ie rising of tho Kanakas in -NowiiGaledonia ap pears to bo:. bonipletely!.ciHishpd;'aiid the' heads of tlio 'principal chiefs havo been bx ]nbitod-atitho;Goyoi'nni6ht House' ij\ Noumea. Tliia iii itself 'is ii piece of IJarbarisiii of which , Frenchmen; ought to bo heartily ashumed. It is desebnding to tlio level of tho savagos tojinake ^i, display of tho mutilated -reniains of tliuir bhomios,Wnd it isuttorly unworthy1 of a gallant pooplo. Such disgusting exhibitions riialib 'us wonder -'whether these so-called tiivi lised ;iiations Jiave roully. emerged from bar barism, or ; have; only-put on a thin varnish of'civilisa'tibn, ''tiii'biigli which they 1 roak at every . provocation.'.- What ,shall :.w.q say to tlio murder— we can call it no loss— b'f wo nien? A war of oxtoriuinatiou was pro claimed by peoplo 'who' profess to bo Oliristi a'ris, and oveii women and'clvildren linve boon shot and bayonetfced by .supposed' -.udhorcnts of tho faith of the Prince of Peace It is' duly elirqnioled, as though calling for no special comment, that Baptisto's daughtor was killodby her father's side. If the poor Kanakas had tlieir.clironiblors,'porliaps thoro wbiild'! bb ; a record of a. last struggle for homos, for liberty, and for' honor,- in which oven tlio women wore i not' afraid to die at the hands of tho merciless white mon, a record which would arouso all sympathies for'the hunted down nativos of the soil., -But as it is, tho Kanaka which murdbrs aud' destroys is an incarnate fiend,- the wiiito men who murders,' destroys, and ravishes' is tlie gallant warrior. : Surely enough blood has been shod, -and tiie timo lias como when justice, if : riot mercy should take the place of passion ate revenge. — tydtiei/ Evenm-) News. Tick Telei'iionh in Hospitals. — A. sug gestion of considerable practical valuo has jugu uouu -iiuiiiu,, ii- ,i» itiuiu .uiiu uoiupuuiie should bo usedby patients in fqvor'-'\yards', so that that' 'they 'may' con vbrso * -\vitli their friends. _t.o.__\yhom._ imumdlatu access is nocossarily denied on account of tlio risk of tho.-iuf ectiou. . ?. . A -tqlephpuo could be oasily oavried from bed to- -bod -iti a wiird, and the corresponding instrumont fixed in an oflico at a distance. * . . Sojinambulist MuitpEitEns.-— According to the daily papers, a prisoner was recoutly convicted at Edinburgh of having, while iu a state of somnambulism, murdered his child, and has since been sot at liborty, Oases of ihjjs kind. aro. .very, raro, .but,. .assuming.. the somnambulism to bo cloaroly proved, there cdii bo little quostion.of tho correctness of the oourso thus adopted. IJornbluth, tho Gorman psychologist, tolls of a young woman who,- iu consoquonbo of :'a': fright occasioned by an at tack of robbers, was soized witli opilepsy and became subject to somnambulism. While. in that condition sho was in the habit of stealing articles; and was charged with theft, but. on tho alvkie of Dornblulh' was reloased and., ovontually' ourod. Stolt/.f?r (citod in'Wlinrton nnd Stillo) givos au acnount of a:somnambulist who chtmboi^od out of ii garret window, doscendod into the iiaxt itouso, and killod' a young girl who was asioop thoro. and tho same learned writers quote from Snr varin an accouut'ofasomnambulistmonlc {var lated to; Sarvarjh by the prior of tho convent whore the .incidont happoded) .:'—'?' Tho somnanibuliifl entorod tho chamber 'of. the prior ; his M^os were open but fixed;, the ight of t\v6*lauips made jio improssiou upon him; his features werb contracted, and ho carried in his- hand a largo knife. Going straight to tho bed1 ho had lirsttho apppour unco of examining' if-' tho pribi' was^.tltoro. Ho then struck throe blows, which pitsrcod tho oovorings and, oven a mat which sorvod tho purpose of a matrass. In rokuruiug, his countonaiico was unbent, nnd was marked by' an iiir' of satisfaction. ? Tlio next day ? the prior asked tho somnambulist what ho had droamt, of , tho preceding night, and tho lat torJari.sworo.l that ho had' drbnmt that his mother hud boon killed by the prior, and tlid't'ihor ghost had ajipbar oil to him dumand ing vungoanuo ; that at this sight he was so trhnsport'od by rage that ho had iuunodiatolv run to stab tho assassin of his moUiur.' SarvarifaBhis that if tho prior had boon killod tho monk oould not possibly, under thoso circumstances, havo boon punished. — ? /Solicitors' %Toiirnal At Hydo Park lately, 113 fomalo and 70 male immigrants woro open to hiro. Most of tho lattor refused to aauppt from i-'0 to £jj pj annum with rations. 