LOCAL, AND GENEKAY," yass court of petty sessions. Tuusiuy, JI;NK 11. Before Mr. Yntns. P.M. Vagrancy. — Mary Ilibbort, who had given her self up to tbo police for support, was brought before the court. Defendant said she was over seventy yonrs of ago; Iter uusnnnd had been dead tor roars ; Hio hud no means o! suppoi t ; site had been living with Iter son, and he, .hiving tnarriod a Cathode, she could not iivo in tho tiuuso with him through religious difi'oronces. Ilis worship seat the defendant to gool forono month, with u viow of being forwordod to the Benovolout Asylum, | iolurc- Mr. Yates, P.M., and Messrs. Dull, 1 U irbor, .Styles, Williams, and Mcllean. Ai'i'ui'umx nut a 1'urucas's License.— Put- iek Pudy applied for a license for the house in 1,'ocmiui-h! rent, formerly liconsod as tho Mill ifotol, md wlruh ho wi-liod to liuvo now knowu undor .he sign ol tlio .Shamrock Inn, j Mr. Wilkinson appeared for tho applicant. Tho Police Magistrate said that no objection ia-1 boon lodged by tho police. Mr. Wilkinson, in support of the application, s iid the hotel accommodation in Yass was not nearly sufficient. Tho leading hotels in town had to sc-nd customers to other hotels, and it was absolutely necessary for tho town that there i should bo more accommodation in it. It came i within his own knowlodgo that barristers and : other members of the legal profession have been ' unable to get accommodation in Yass. Mo did j not think, however, that that could bo said now j since Mr. Cumins had taken the Royal Hotel. However, thorn was no objection on tho part of the police to the house or the applicant. He, therefore, hoped the bench would grunt the ap plication. in answer to the bench, Mr. Brennan said there were six licensed bouses in South Yass, ono in North Yuss, one at Jones's Greek (two miles front '.own), and ono at U'Brion's Bridge (four miles from lawn). After n cnn-ultation, the Polico Magistrate s.iid the bench, by a majority, grantod the appli cation, Wednesday, June 12. Before Mr. Yates, P. \i , Mr. Hall, nnd Mr. Williams. Police v. Wiu.iam K xi n. — In this case the defendant was summoned by senior-constablo Murphy, Crown land bailiff, for trespassing on Crown lands at Downing, contrary to tho Act in such c.asos made and pencilled. Mr. Wilkinson appe u -.-d for the dofondant. Senior-constable Murphy deposed : I am Crown land bai ill' for the disti ict of Yass ; I produce nn authority from tho Minister for Lands, dated 22nd August, l-Mi", ntitli-irising mo to lilo an in- formuton against any porsott I found trespassing on Crown lands; in consequence of that authority, and finding Mr. William Keid in possession of certain Crown lands at Downing on the 22nd of last mouth, I reported his illegal occupation for the information of tho Minister for Lands; in reply I received a communication from tho Minister for Lands which I now produce, dated 2L'ih May, H7S, wheroin 1. urn directod to file an information against the trespasser at onco j I ac cordingly did so; n summons was issued which I served personally on tho 5th instnijt; in roply to tho summons the defendant said that ho had got a piocoof ground from Mr. Barber, nt Bown- ing, and would remove to it as soon as he pos sibly could; the defendant admitted ho was on Crown lands, and said he had hoen doceivod by Wultors, who was previously in possession oftho land; dofondnnt said Waters showed bira certain documents leading him to believe that ho was to get a lease of the land from tho Government; ho knew all along it was Crown lands. To Mr, Wilkinson : Defendant told tno ho was sorry ho had been deceived ; he did not say this until after tho conversation with mo ; he told me ho bought Wulters's claim and paid £75 for it; as soon as I learned the fuct that defendant had been deceived by Walters I went and bad aeon- versation with him; I only known it is Crown land by the correspondence thnt has taken place about it ; I will not of my own personal knowledge undorloko to swear that it is Crown lands ; 1 will swear it is Crown land because a portion of it was given to the Church of Eng land ; as Crown lund bailiff I always receive noticeB from the department acquainting me of it; I roceivod n notice that Walters had not paid his overduo rent, nnd intimating that ho would have to bo removed ; Waltors claimed a portion of what was given to tho church, and in conse quence of that ho refused to pay bis rent ; he made a fresh application for the land, and this iB tho identical piece of land ; 1 swear that from tho communications I havo receivod ; I am not asurvoyorj I know there is no other pioco of land there. Michael Charles Law deposed : I am a surveyor and draftsman. To Mr. Wilkinson : I am not a licensed sur veyor. To senior-constable Murphy : I am acquainted with a piece of land, only by horesay and from tho maps, that dofondant is said to he in posses sion of ; I havo not made a survey of the land that defendant is in possession of ; I have not soon dofondant in possession of the land; I have sent small tracings of land to the Government with each application for leases in that locality ; do fondant did not point out the land to me on the mop ; Alexander Reid did ; each application I sent down, except the ono for the church, was re fused, as tho Government intended putting tho land up to miction ; I was instructed by the futher of defendant, on behalf ot tho latter, to make application for the land in question to be put up at auction ns spoodily as possible; I un derstood it to be tho same portion of land that I npplied to theGovernmontforfor Walters ; ho said it was the piece of land his son had bought from Walters ; I was not told tho son wasjtclually in possession. Mr. Wilkinson : Surely it is not customary lor you, _Mr. Law, to disclose everything that is said in your office. To tho bonch : I can't say if the land was bought by defendant ; 1 was only instructed by the father ; I can't stato if, when the father in structed me, tho defendant's name was mention ed ; I produco n tracing taken from a Govern- mont tracing showing the position of tho land ; I sent a copy of this with the application to tho Government ; the lund is marked part section 14, nnd is, I be icro, situated at the junction ot Loek- stroet on tho main south road. To Mr. Wilkinson : I never surveyed tho land. To tho bonch : I can't state on whose behalf I applied to have tho land put up to auction; I can't any if tho futlinr's noma or son's name was mentioned ; Alexander Reid's narao is tho only ono I produce in tho matter; I produce on auction sn'e tracing, which points out tho land in question ; the portion of land I appliod for is situated on tho north oast boundary, and is port 1 section 1-1 ; it is bounded on the north-west by tho southqouHt side of Look-street, on the north east by thu, main southern road, and on the south- oast by tho Church of England ground. To tho senior-constable : The land I havo do- soribed is nt tho junction of tho rood going into Downing at tho corner of Leek-stroot, and is on tho loft uf the main southern road; on tho tracing tho lund is not marked as allotments; tho land has not boon sold ; tho tracing produced wns originally niado on the occasion of tho applica tion being made for the land for tho Church of England. To Mr. Wilkinson : I can't say that I havo over seen tho dofondunt ; I never had nny in structions fn>m him. Tho bonch did not think tho question had any thing to do with tho cose. Mr. Wilkinson contondod the question had, as ho wus merely working for the father, ond it was the father who should huve boon summoned. After argument tho quostioti was ullowod. To Mr. Wilkinson : Reid did not toll me ho bought out Wulters's right, title, and interest for £75; 1 have boon treating Alexander Reid ns tlio principal in this matter; I soo Mr. A. Roid, who is now beforo the court. The bench objected to the terra " boforo tho court " being used, it should he "in the court." Mr. Wilkinson : It is n difference without a distinction, but I shall soy " in tho court," ns it plensea the bench. Witness to Mr. Wilkinson: 1 know by roport that Aloxunder Roid bought Waltors out ; Reid told mo something about a purchaso, and I bo- liavo it' was about tbo land in question. Senior-constablo Murphy re-called : I see the tracing that was producod by Mr.. Law the, last wituoBs; tbo piece I now point out appears to mo to bo the land in quostion ; it is tho land in question and tho piece that tbo blacksmith's shop I is ou. Mr. Wilkinson : How can tho witness swear I that ; ho is notja surveyor. I never hoard of such a thing. ' I Mr. Williams : I sen no difiicu'iiy about it ; I would not hositato to swear to a piece uf ! inii ; from a tracing. ; Mr. Wilkinson : Your worship might, but I would be very sorry to soo you in the box and , swearing so. Witnoss to tho bench: Tbo defendant is a mar- : tied man; bo works in tho shop and lives in a j part of it ; tho father has told tno ho is about ! removing from it ; tho dofondant told ma so him self. Mr. Williams: How could ho rotnovn from it if ho was notin possossiun ? That proves trespass at onco. i This was tho caso for tho Crown. Mr. Wilkinson submitted that tbo Act re- ; cptired that the authority should come direct i from tho Ministor for Lands fur proceedings to bo taken. Tltoro is no evidence to show that tho Minister for Lands has signed tiny ducu- I ment. Mr. Williams : Why did you not take that ob jection boforo. ' Mr. Wilkinson : I can tako tlio objection when I like. Thoro is nnothor objection that 1 will I tako: thnt thoro is no proof tho land is Crown j land, nnd agnin that tho wltolo of the evidence j goes to show that tho land boIongH to Alexander j Reid instead of William Roid, tho dofondant. If i tho bonch wero ngninst him ho would ask the ; objections to bo noted, and ho would then call Alexander Roid. ! Tho bonch ovorrulod tho objections and ox- ! prossod tho opinion that it would bo only taking j up tho timo of tho court by c tiling Alexander Reid. Mr. Wilkinson then said if tho bonch was I against him ho would ask for an order fur tho j dofondnnt to bo summarily romovc-d. ! Mr. Williams Lhought it would havo born ! bolter to have come to that determination at first , without taking up tho timo of tho court. ! Mr. Wilkinson said it was his duty to conduct ' cases as ho thought proper. J Tho bench ordered tho dofondant to remove from the land within sovon days, und pay costs I of court, 4s. 10J. j Unlawful Detention. — J, A. Robinson ' Micliaol Reardon. This wus an action under tho ' 10th soclion of tho Polico Act, for tho recovery of j a silver lover hunting watch. Mr. Wilkinson appearod for tho complainant ; , Mr. Iceton for tho dofondunt. j Joseph Alexnndor Robinson deposed : I was I the owner of a silver lovor hunting watch with I a compass; I last had possession of it over two | years ago ; I havo been making onquirios over j sinco ; the wntcli was lost ovor twolvo months j boforo I found out whoro it wus; it is twolvo! months sioco I first demanded tho watch front ' 1 Reardon; I dotnnndod it from Reardon onSatur- | 1 day, 1st Juno, about five o'clock in tho ovening; I ; I uskod him io his own shop ; I said, " Reardon 1 ' am going to domnnd this watch ; I havo spoken j so many times to you about it, nnd this is tho lust timo ;" Reardon said, "I havo a good mind to kick you, you old ; " I suid, come outsido and do bo;" John Tumor and ono of tho Barrys wero prosont; I value tho watch at ten guineas; Rear don told me my son mortgaged tho watch to him for 13s. 6d., whioh was for a debt ; my son told rao he gave it to Reardon for this debt whon ho was in drink ; Ronrdon was kooping the Globo Hotol at the time; I have offered to pay Reardon tho 13s. Gd., and ho said he hud lont tho watch and would got it back for mo; ho has, howovor, declined to return mo tho watch ; I novor author ised my son to make away with tho watch; I nover gave it to my son or nnybody else. To Mr. Iceton : Whor. I saw it two years ago it was in Yass ; I can't say if it was in a drawer or my dressing-case; I was living at the timo at the cottogo in Rossi-street; when I found out whore it was I demanded it ; Reardon told tno bo had tho watch and had loanod it, but would bring it back to mo on Saturday, tho 1st instant ; Reardon told rao if I gave him tho 13s. Gd. ho would give mo tho watch ; ho collod uto buck off the street and told mo this; my family was living nt tho cottago at this time. To Mr, Wilkinson : It wns through my son I found out where tho watch was; every timo I spoke to Rent'don about tho watch ho promisod to return it to mo. This was complainant's case. Mr. Iceton contondod that tho complainant, undor the provisions of the Act, was nut of court, as tho information should havo boeu luid within six months. Mr. Wilkinson maintained that his learned friend could not cite any low to show that ho was out of court. Tho time os fixed, datod only from tho day tho lust domnnd was made, which wns made on tho 1st instant. If tho only dornand ho ovor made was twelvo months ogo, ho ogrood that he would ho out of court. Tho Polico Magistrate said tho honch woro determined to overrulo tho objection tukon by Mr. Icoton. Mr, Icoton : Your warships havo a very cool way of doing business. I am on titled to reply, and it is a most extraordinary way of doing business. I might ns well sit and be told to hold my tongue, if dooisions are to bo givou iu this way, Mr. Iceton then contondod that the informa tion must bo dismissed, as thoro was no ovidonco of detention, thoro wus nothing to show tliut Roardott ovor had tho watch in his possession. Tho henclt after doliborotion concluded that thoy would not bo justified in giving nn order for tho recovery of the watch, after taking into consideration tlio evidence und the Inst objection. Tho information would tboraforo bedismissod. COUNCIL OF EDUCATION.— INSPECTOR'S REPORTS. PUBLIC SCHOOLS. (Continued.) Peelwood (N.-Vj: — Rogulur inspection. Visited, 1st March. Enrolled : — Boys, 27; ; girls, 20; total, 47. Prosont: — Boys, 13 ; girls, j 12; total, 25. Ordinary attendance, 25. In ! district, not enrolled, 35. Thoro is no teacher's ' rosidonce, otherwiso tho material condition is | good ; tho discipline is lax ; tho instruction is ; unskilfully rogulotod ; tho touching is lacking in necessary vigour; the attainments are below moderate; tho local supervision is confined to the signing of the toucher's monthly abstracts and quarterly returns. Tho touchor bus re signed, and there is hope of a more hoalthy supervision. Queashkyan (Public— N.-V.) :— Gouornl in spection, 20tn and 21st August. Enrollod : — Boys, GG ; girls, G.S ; total, 134. Prosont: — Boys, 111; girls, G7 ; total, 131. Ordinary attendance, 125. In district not enrolled, l'JO. Tho material condition is just now bad, but itt a fow wooks tbo_xiuw. promises will bo roady, uml then it will be oxcellont. The discipline is sound. Tho instruction is distributed with judgmont nnd care ; too classification is correct. Tho attainments uroover fair; and this standard is very satisfactory, considering tho largo influx of now pupils, und tho very low condition of tho school nine months ago, wliott tho presont tonchor assumed chargo of it. Rye Paisk (Public — N.-V.) : — Rogulur inspec tion. Visited, 20tb June. Enrolled: — Boys, 24 ; girls, 14 ; totnl, 38. Prosont : — Boys, l'J ; girls, 13 ; total, 32. Ordinary ultonduiico, 3'J. In district not enrolled, 20. Tho teacher's resi- donco, to bo provided, will make tbe material condition suitable and good. Tho discipline is sound. Tho instruction is carefully regulutoil. Tho attainments nre ubovo fair. Smitiitown (N.-V.) : — General inspection. Visited, 7tlt November. Enrolled :— Boys, la; girls, 14 ; total, 32, Present :— Boys, 13 ; girls, 13; total, 2G. Ordinary, attendance, 24. In district not onrolled, 12. Tho material condi tion is tolerable ; tho discipline is effective ; tho instruction is carefully rogulated; tho attain ments aro fair ; and tho spirit of the school is, under tho circumstances, satisfactory. Si'rino CaEEK (N.-V.) :— Gonoral inspection, i Visited 21st March. Enrollod Boys, 20; g;r!s, 22 ; : J. ; — !1 >ys, 1'." I girls, D; total, .,7. ry :r tendance, 25. In district : : ! i ::: >! v i. . '!' io imt-irial etndi- li'.u is ti.i v ti-.so'i 'y q o i; tho discipline is Lilly r ;; .live; :i.,i in., i m inn is now carefully ai-Li urn. d : :iij :j I : . t < are low, but tho piv- nt I'vieb r i.: "j .e, pointed, and is not responsible lot' this ; -if ! .n,; supervision is healthy ami active, an:.;-, f.rut'j of the school is 'ncuuvugio::. T.ii.t.AGAMiUA ( I ' j I i < :-m oral in- spection, : ii Angus'. ii:, :— !! ivs, 1 1 ; girls, 12 : total, 2 I, !';> t : - Buys, 1 1 : giris, I'1; totnl, Ordinary u tmn in uev, l'J. iu district nut onr.dh'd, Is. ":'rv i.rj.ud d condi tion is fair fur u l'r ,vi.-. . ::P ;-.!; »jl ; 'lit: ili-vi- plinc too is fair, no 1 :'i; in- ,n is t-gulati'd witlt fair tkii'i and fir . attainments are u little ci v. r t.i!.--rab!e, u-.l tbt sen ml bus im proved dm ing the y - ir. TllTtir.u.i ).:--t.iY > Yd itisnfic'iott. Visito.i. I- cii May. Ii::.:: I : --Biys, in: girls, If); total, " i. 17.. ivm : - i s, j.i ; girN, p.; total, 2 b I !rd:,:ary uf ; .. .v, In dislri 'i not cnrolb-d, 2 Tie; :> , ' .1 condition is b:1 ; tlm di-: -ipliu is t.di-i -n. ! n ; tho ins'rucM'-u f.-r two classes, c y di.-triieitei!-,' the ut.ui'i ment t are ne..r'.y : . i but tho third eiass h. a now dtrsppentv 1 Ir on ;).., school, which, in attaimiHiiil.-, ii ,-i r trogi": i : 1 during the \ j;ir r spool ion, 1 it!. ..n ! dd-i.i May. Bundled : — B >ys, 1 - ; ".7 ; t Or.iiu .ry uUutt mice, 25. In district not- enrolled, 10." Except the want of n to.tcl.er'.1 rosjd.'tieo, suitable closfits and fencing, -thy tn tjri-.i (".ndition is very fair. dLoipliv: !r-u!ihy ; tlio in- struction t = distributed with i'.ir care and skill: tiio iitiuimuouts are fair, d'l.o school is rising iu public oatiuiation. \V.\Lt.' n iinxtx (N.-V.) :— Regit! .r inspection. Visited I5:h May. Eiir.i!i::d : — Buys, !;; girls, IS; total, 37. Present; — Biyt, 17; girls, 14; tola1, 31. Ordinary tit' end ir.c-, 3d. in district not enr'.'llnd, 3 1 . 'Pit : con b'i'juo: tho schoolroom nnd teacher's residence (notfi temporary) is very bad. The discipline is. suum. ; the instruction is proper' re;. udaV-id ; lit j i.'t imnei.ts nr.!, under the eircumsfances, su! i db: : cry ; tho 1 e.il su pervision is beneficial, an i t h . school is esti mated highly by tic: nul.de. Tim authorised scaio of fees oi. tains ; th.-r.. are no free pupils nor bad debts. Tito siio so long npplied for 13 ot last grutitvl, und line r.j'.v school buildings wiil now ito proceeded with. Weeta xi; it , (Pubiic — V.) : --Regular inspec tion, 15th August. id ; : : oiled : — Boys, 1G ; girls, 13; tri'.ui, Present : — Boys, 10; girls, 11; total, 27. Ordinary attendance, 2c. In district tint enrolled, 12. When tho teacher's residont'o, no-.v in course of erection, is finished, and wetor supply provided, the mutcrial condi tion of this school wi I bo good. Tbo instruc tion is regulated with a fair degroo of euro and skill. Tito attainments uro nearly fair, nnd tho spirit of the school is, upon the wltolo, lairiy satisfactory. Womiiat (V.) Gonoral inspection. Visited, 20th October. Enrolled : — Buys, -bj : girls, -11 ; total, 81. Prosont: — Boys, 33; girls, I v ; total, 74\. Ordinary ultonduiico, oi. In district not onrolled, 50. Tbo material organisation is cx- collont ; tbo discipline is not sufficiently linn ; lb' attainments, considering tbe classification, ond tbe inllttx of now pupils never before at any school, may bo taken as fairly satisfactory. Young (Y.) : — Regular inspection. Visited, 5th Novombor. Enrolled : —Boys, 2G ; girls, 22; total, 43. Present : -Boys, 20 : girls,' 21; total, 41. Ordinary attendance, -10. In dis trict not enrolled, 100. Except in a fow small matters tho matorial condition isoxcollont; tho discipline is sound and hoalthy; thu instruction is rogulatod with duo caro ond skill ; tho attain ments aro upon tlio whole satisfactory, and higher than at last inspection, but this improve ment is counterbalanced by a docroaso in tho uttondanco. Young (Infants) :— Regular inspection. Visit ed, 2nd Noveinbof. Enrollod Buys, 33; girls, 33; total, 71. Present : — Boys, 30 ; girls, 35; total, G5. Ordinary attondutice, 57. In district not enrolled, 100. Tho material organi sation is good ; tho discipline is firm ; tho in struction is distributed skilfully and with cat-o; tho attainments are satisfactory under the cir- cumstuncos of tho school. PROVISIONAL SCHOOLS. Barwaso (N.-V.) :— Gonoral inspection, 31st May. Enrolled : —Boys, 0 : girls, 13; total, 22. Prosont :— Boys, 9 ; girls, 10; total, 19, Or dinary altondanco, 20. In district not enrolled, 12\. Tho material condition is improved by the orection ol new closets; in ull otlior rcspocts it remains as nt last inspection. Tho discipline is sound. Tho instruction is woli regulated ; tlio nttainmonts aro below moderate, hut tho pro sont tonchor is newly appointed, nud not re sponsible for the low attainments. Bereiianuklo (N.- V.) : — Genoral inspection. Visited, 20th Ootobor. Enrolled; — Boys, 14; girls,; total, 22. Prosont: — Boys, 13; girls, 8; total, 21. Ordinary attendance, '20. In dis trict not onrolled, 0. Tbo matorial condition ii reasonably satisfactory; tho discipline is fair; tho instruction is rogulatod with raodoruto skill and fair care; tbe attainments, ull things con sidered, are satisfactory, und tho school is now in a hopofttl stato. Buuuowa Flats (Provisional) :— General in spection, 5th Juno. Enrolled : — Boys, 17 ; girls, 20; totul, 37. Prosont : —Boys, 1G; girls, 19; total, 35. Ordinary uttondanco, 29. In district not enrollod, 12. Tho material con dition of this school is the satno ns that of most Provisional .Schools, consisting of a small slab and hark Jhnt, with a portion 8 x 13 foot, pnr- titioiiod off as residence for a toachor, with tho books and appliancos furnished hy tho Council. Tnero is no tiecossity for tho continuance of this misnrublo stato of things, ns thero aro sttfiiciont children to support a Public School. Tho teacher has not been long iu charge; slto main tains good discipline, rogulates tho instruction curofully, nnd toachos honestly. Tito attain ments nre tolerable. Cungegong (Pfov. — N.-V.) : — Regular inspec tion, 17th and 18th May. Erit'olb d : — Boys, 13 ; girls, 9 ; total, 22. Present : — Boys, 10; girls, 7 ; total, 17. Ordinary attendance, 18. In district not onrolled, 15. The mntcrial condi tion is very fair; tho discipline is sound; tho attainments are vory fair nearly; und the school, although having only two oIuhhoh, is doing thorough work, and is u blessing to the district uround. i Chain of Ponds (V.) : —Gonoral inspection.! Visited, l l'.h March. Enrollod : —Boys, 11 ; girls, 12; totul, 23. Present : — BoyB, S; Rirls, 12 ; totul, 20. Ordinary nttondanco, 22. In district no: onrolled, 22. Tho material condi tion of tho schoolroom is fair; the discipline is sound ; tho attainments are noarly tolcrubla. Tbe teacher has been but lutely appointed, and is nn cllicient, earnest, und honest worker. Cuitycuttygasg (V.) : — General inspection. Visited. 27th February. Enrolled : —Boys, 4; girls, 5; total, 9. Prosont :— Boys, 4; girls, 5; ttoal, 9. This school was closed for ton months, nnd was only re-opened on the day of my visit. Tho ro-oponing of the t-chool wus not known to mnuypeoplo; i.ouco tho stnull attendance. Tho attainments of thoso present may bo taken os a fair ostimato of tbe educational condition of tho district, and tho starting-point of tho tcachor. Those woro found to bo restricted to the merest olemonts of reuding, writing, nud arithmetic. Tho people manifest much interest in tho school, und tho teacher is eornest; so that fair results may bo reasonably cxpuctod at next in spection, FiiUer's Greek (N.-V.) : — General inspection. Visited 11th Juno. Enrolled :— Boys, 19; girls, 19 ; total, 33. Prosent : —Boys, 10 ; girls, 1 5 ; total, 31. Ordinary attendance, 28. In district not enrolled, 12. The material condition is the same as in most Provisional Schools— a miser able slub and bark hut, with a fow rttdoly made forms and dosks, There ie no reason for the t chor and pupils bc-ing obliged to pttrstto their :a: .out's under such heavy drawbacks us this Eciuralroum entai s upon them, for thoro are suiheient children to .support a Public .School, woro tho people to apply for tlio erection of such; inuccd the attendance now is above the number required for a Public School. The uist'iplimi :s found, tbe instruction is cnrefullv regulated, the attainments arc obovo fair, and good progress lias been made during tho year. i .o'uj H", e (N.-V.) : -Rogular inspection. "S t- ito'l, I'hh February. Enrcdled : — Boys, 1G ; girls, 7; total, 23. Present: — Boys, 12; girls, 4 ; total, p.. Ordinary attendance, 21. In district tiot onrolled, 15. This school, like nt my others of its class, was built by subscrip- t:"r: upon private land, and the right of occupa tion is now in dispute between tho Local Board and the ".vti»r of tho land. Tho discipline is sound, tin- instruction is carefully distributed, and tbe iit'.aiumi-n) all things considered, tnay bo : as tolerably satisfactory. Under nil tbo oirc'itin- tiiiiccs of this school tho tonchor i. lay l,v s ,i.i to havo performed hot' duties iu a tolerably satisfactory manner. 1! .'-it: 'tvf'X (Prov. — N.-V.) : — Rogular itt- sp'.-i. tiutt, 2 -tit and 29tb August. Enrolled; — I ' < y f , 11; girls, 14; total, 25. Present: — Boys, .j ; girls, 13; total, 22. Ordinary nttoud- danc:, 2.'. In district not enrollod, 15. There is no teacher's residence ; in nil other respects, us a whole, the material condition is fair. Tho iustnictt-m n regulated with tolorablo caro. aim classification is correct. Tho attainments are nearly fair. Kohan ; Provisional. — N.-V.) : — Rogular in spection, 1 9:h September. Enrollod : —Boys, , girls, 11; total, 17. Ordinary attendance, l'J. In district not onrolled, 0, Tho matorial condition ;s fairly satisfactory. Tho discipline is tlio same. Tho instruction is rogulatod with : reasonable care. Tito nttainmonts, considering 1 the ages and classification, aro sn'isfactory. The pupils arc distinguished for their good mannors. CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. ' Tun undermentioned conditional purchases wero taken up yostordny : — | At Yass. — Henry Davis, 100 acres, 21st sec- : tinn, pari-lt of Crosby, county of King; Henry : Harbor, 40 acres 2 roods G porches, 22nd soc- : tioti, parish of Wost Goodradigbeo, county of , Buccloticli ; Patrick Cody, senior, 40 acres, 21st I section, parish of Taetnns, county of Cowloy; ; Henry Smith, 200 acros, 13th soctiou, parish of ! Crosby, county of King ; J. F. Castle, 40 acros, 21st section, parish of Tnomns, county of Cow loy. At Gunning, —James Edward Norris, 40 acres, 2Isl section, parish of Naralla, county of King, i Tho undermentioned soloctions were taken | up ou Thursday, Gth instant : — i At Gunning. — Isanc Shepherd, 50 acroB, boc- I tiou 22, parish of Romner ; Thomas Frost, GO | acres, section 21, parish of Jorrara; Jaure3 Boven, 200 ncros, section 22, parish of Jerraro; Jatnes Edward Norris, 100 acres, section 13, j parish of Jerrara; John Bevon, 100 acres, section ' 13, parish uf Prostor. ; John BBvloy, SO.) acres, ; soclion 21, parish of Dixon, All in county of ! King. I At Queanreyan.— County of Murray — Patrick ! CavatiDgh, 70 acres, section 22, parish of Ginin- dorrn ; Edmund Rolfo, 501 acres, section 22, parish of Gininderra; Goorgo Sparrow, junr,, I 40 acres, section 21, parish oi Merrigau ; Thomas I Dwyer, 40 acres, section 22, parish of Tantan- gora ; Joseph Mayo, 40 acres, section 21, pariah of Narrubundah ; John Casoy, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Talagandra ; Laurence Cunningham, 10 acres, section 21, parish of Bywong; James Staunton, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Yamnium- boynn; Juntos Callaghan, 40 acres, soction 21, parish of Merrigau ; William Lawless, 40 acres, soction 21, pnrisb of Majura; John Grohan, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Werriwa; Jaraos Grohan, SO acres, section 21, parish ofMorrigan ; Lachlnn MePhorson, 40 acres, soctiou 21, parish of Wolluroo ; Jatnes Mcintosh, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Wallaroo. At Guxdagai. — Gcorgo Bon, 1G0 acros, Beggan Boggnn ; Patrick McCormack, GO acres, Cooitey ; W. M. Harris, 40 acres, Coonoy; Thomas Ucffornan, 1G0 acres, Eurongilly ; Justin McCarthy, 100 acres, Eurongilly. At Tumut.— John Stanton, 200 acres, Hind- marsh ; Juntos Smith Livingstone, GO ncres, Cou ruby ro; John Thomas, 100 acros, Yorrau- gobilly. At Buuuowa. — W. Rohortson, 80 acres, parish of Tulttio ; T. Rohortson, 100 acres, parish of Toltno ; J. Armour, 200 acres, parish of Talrao; D. Perio, 40 acres, parish of Tulmo ; M. Armour, son., 10 ucres, parish of Tnlmo ; M. Armour, jun., 80 ncros, parish of Tnlmo ; II, Brown, 1G0 acros, parish ofBinolong; J. A. Davies, 40aoros, parish of Brmttab ; O, Poplin, 320 acres, parish of Gunnary. Ar Young.— John Francis Jonkinj, GO ncros, parish of Berlhong ; Archibald Batkin, GO acres, Wydallion ; Steel Caldwell, 100 acres, parish of Tltadungra; Herbert Connoll Croaker, 90 acres, parish of Coolagong; John English, 140 acres, parish of Dananbillo. At Wagga Wagga, — John Loitch, 490 acres, county of Mitchell, parish of Arugol ; John Carroll, 40 acros, county of Clarendon, parish of Wurro Wurroll ; Francis Alfred Newman, 4S0 ncros, county of Wynynrd, parish of Kyambn ; Michael Dunne, 235 acros, county of Clarendon, parish of Hurley ; 'John Donnolly, 180 ncros, county of Wynyard, pnrish of Boratnhula or Turcntta ; Lnuronce Cox, 40 ttoros, county of Wynyard, parish of Livingstone; Alfrod Mnto, 040 acros, county of Mitchell, parish of Konjut'a. Volunteor Certificate Applications. — T. II. Mate, Turcuttn, throo 50-aero allotments, county of Wynynrd, parish of Keujurn. At Cootamundka.— Michael McCormack, 40 acres, Coonoy ; Christian Neilson, 40 acres, C'ticit uiblu ; Margaret Lawler, 80 ncros, Cullinga ; V. P. Lawler, 100 acres, Cullinga; Michael Lawler, 10 acros, Cullinga; Thomas Doon, 320 acres, Cullinga. School at tub Chain of Ponds.— This school, which wus only a Pro visional School, has boon converted into a Public School. In Insolvency. — A third meeting in tho in solvent estuto of Poter JamoB McAlister, of Wnggn Wnggr, will bo hold in Sydttoy on Wod- nosday, 31 -t proximo. Tub Police Quarters.— Mr. Colo ond Mr. Bnrnott inspected tho work in progross for tho new barracks und sub-inspector's quarters on Tuesday last, and it is now docidod that tho 1 luttor is to bo a two-storey building. Accident. — On Friday aftornoon a lud namod Thomas Bourko, in the employ of Mr. Walters, wns cantering a horse ovor tho bridge near Mr, Loathart's store, when tho horse fell, pitching the boy off and breaking his collarbone. Dr. Perry was called in, and rodtio-id tho fracture. Billiards. — An exhibition match was plnyed at tho Royal Ilotol, on Saturday ovening, botwoon Strich, of Sydney, and W. Mnguire, of Yass, tho form r giving 250 points out of 500. There wns very little scientific play exhibited. Tito attendance numbored nbottt fifty, und Maguiro won hy 19:1 points. Stock Passing.— On Sunday, 210 hoad of tho best of Mr. Mussy's horses, from Gundaroo, passed teiongh Yass for his station in Queens land. Tho colony of Queensland will, by the introduction of thoso animuls oinongst its stock, bocoinu possessed of a very superior brood, for Mr, Mussy's station at Gundaroo lias hoen notod for many years for the superiority of its horses. Cooma-Stueet. — Thoro is some appearance at last of the Govoriimoiit forming the pt-opor wutor- coursos in Cootna-stroot, as, in conseq"uence of a private letter which wo understand tho Mayor sent to tbo member, the Colonial .Secretary, Mr. Assistant ltoud Btiporintondout Alltuan has ro- ceivcd instructions from Mr. Commissioner Bonuott to take tholvvol oftho kerbing in Cooma- Htroot, and that gGiittoman and tlio Council sur veyor have been engaged at the work since Saturday, Coiuiecti'in.-Ai. error occurs in the report . in our last issue of the meeting ot nionib as o. the I'reo Selector's Association. is reported as having boon elected no -_.wc on the motion of Mr. A. McGdlum, wuereas ,t should lmvo rend Mr. J. Lecture. — Tlio lecture that was announced to ho delivered in tho V esleym. Church on "U-t Wednesday oveuing was, on aci.mu.. of t . in- clement state of t'no weather, postponed to an iudolinito poriod. Munii'icent Donation. — The Key. 1 . . . O Koello has requested us to nc.cnowledge tun receipt of £2" from 1". K. Uumc, ly»|-. 0 Frankliold, near Gunning, as a donation from tin t fseutloman in aid debt on tlio lass Com out bin d- ?,,,» fund. Wo liavn no douot the rev. gentle man thinks tbo example a noble one, and would be glad to have to acknowledge tlio receipt of many such donations in aid ol tho same ,uu,.no,'j object. The New Court-house.— Mr. Cole, '>'m u,'.0 Colonial Arcliitcct's ofllce, and Mr. Barnet , C.L. and clerk of works, moasurcd tlio sun tm the r.ew court-house, in Cooma-strect, on last, I uos- dav. Mr. Horn, tho contractor, was aUu cm tlio aronnd, and ho has sub- lot tlio stono and brick work to Mr. Danoghuo, who, we understand, built tho gaol at Voung, and ho will commence divviii" tlio foundation of tho building as soon as"tho weather boooraos fine. Tho budding will tako up nearly tlio whole of tho yard in trout o tho profont court-house, which, wo bolio\o, will bo taken down whon tho now court of justico is 'TuoimiiTioN.-It will ho remembered that, sonior-eonstablo Murphy summoned Mr. II. Dodds, on tlio 3rd ot May, uo.o.o m c ..« — for allowing bilhards to bo phijoil m ins licensed houso without a license, Lira bench i'ned Mr. Dudds, who at oneo gave uotico o! armoal. Tho hoaring of tho appeal c.nni on before tho judge in chambers m Sydney on last Tuesday, whon a prohibiten was granted. "We bavo not board who appoarod in support of the appeal, or upon what ground tbo prohibition was granted. , . Suspension op a Warder.— A warder m ono of her Majesty's colonial gaols, which has lor a wall palings about nine foot high, and cut from the worst' kind of colonial timber, was recently suspondod because (as tlio ropori goes) ho was r.ot in n fit state to act as starter in athlotic sports between tho prisoners in tlio gaol yard. Wo havo boon most reliably inlonnou that a substitute pro tern. wus found, but tlio warder vesumod his dutios the following day. Commercial.— Mr. K. L; Hall reports— Stnoo my last report I bavo sold, on account of Mr. Perry, his flock of store weddors, at ss.— Mr. Bronghton, buyer; 500 fat weddors at lu?. ; also, Mr. Garner's 2100 weddors at bs.-Mr. Shanahan, purchaser. I havo now under ollor 1000 fat weddors; also, two lots of owes, in lamb, which I hope to oloso for this wook. — Pat csttlo : I havo sold a few small lots at an average of £G Gs.— Store cattlo, especially bullocks, aro in "ood demand, a few of which I havo now under offer. I have also several ltiquirios lor good milch cows with young calves. The Weatiier. — It commoncod to rain on Tuosday nftornoon, and on Wodncsduy morning there was a fall of sloot and snow, llio rain continued until yesterday morning, wnen moio \ was another heavy full of snow. Tins was fol- lowed again by ruin, which has continuod up to the time of our going to pross. Colder or more , boisterous woathor lias not boon experienced in Yass for yoars than ha3 boon iolt yesterday and , tho day before. It is fortunato for squatters and others that tho stock is in good condition or this , weather would bo most trying for thorn. At j Downing yesterday morning thoro was over four j inches of snow. The late Meteor.— Of tho meteor that was seen last Saturday in tho southorn horuon, the following descriptions aro givon of it; — All agree | as to tho volume of smoko that proeodod tho f reports and tho rumbling noise hoard at Yass, Downing, and Bogolong, as of an earthquake ; but ono porson saye it sooraod to riso at tho Murrutnbidgoe, about fcurtoon milo3 from Yass, and it appoarod to bo only two miles from bis rasidonoo. It is also bolioved to bavo boon acijacont to tho townships of Mourns, Kiandni, Cooma, Goulburn, ond Ulladulla, bnt ono gontlo- tnan at Braidwood is positivo that it travollod ovor Mona cottage, near Braidwood, and foil ot Major's Crook Fulls ; whilo a young lady at Downing is quito os positivo that it roso from tho west sido of Bowning. Wo must also stato that it was soon at Broadalbano, in tho sotithei n horizon. Ono thing, howovor, is cortuin, that it roso in tho S.W. and travollod in a northerly direction. Bungendore. — A telegraph station was oponod at Bungendore on tho 1st instant. Feast of Pentecost. — Last Sunday being Whit Sunday is, in the Catholic Church, n solonm nnn.e In in n rr» n v v find honour of tllO (In- iUUDUy Bull upuiv hi j — " ----- scent of tho Holy Ghost upon the Apostlos. To the Catholics of tho Goulburn diocoso it was a day that will be ovor momorablo, as it was tho day choson by his lordship Dr. Lanigan to consocrato tho diocoso of Goulburn to tho Sacrod Heart of our Kodoomor. At Ynss, ou Sunday, St. Augustine's Church was crowded to excess. Tho llov. It. J. Carr celobratod tho eleven o'clock mnss, at which about ono hundred persons received holy communion. Tlio rov. gentleman proachod a sound and impressive sermon from tlio gospel of tho day, and con cluded in most eloquent tonus by a ruforence to tho ceremony which ho was that duy to colc- brato. After mass tho benediction of tho sncra- niont took place, and whilst the Sacrod Heart was pxpo3od on the altar, and after tho O Sulii- iarus was given by tho choir, Father Carr, kneel ing in front of the nltar, road tho uct of conse cration, which was as follows: — As A< i" U'ixae, in ri',s rn tin: SAcr.r.i, Hnurrov .lors. Ai'rrtwcU i"/ Decree of the Nac'i". 1 Conjr:.j<itio.t oj l.'itei, J'Jit'/ Ajtril. Is7"». n .lesu-s. my Uj'teemor i\n«l my r.od, notwithsUn-linK tlio rcMt love Thon be.ircst t«w;irtls men. for w!i"« redemption Thou <lhldt she I all Thv IVoeious IMoo l. how did they repay Thee for Thy love ! Nay. lather, how do they on'eml Thee and insult Thee, especially by blaspheming and by th-j profanation of Holy Ihvs ! O that I could ntlord some satisfaction to Thy Divine Heart! o that I couhl make reparation for all the in gratitude and untluukfulnos.s which Thou lust to endure front the creator number of mankind ! I pray that I may be enabled to show Thee how much I desire to love ami honour tint ador able Heart, so full of tenderness ; to do this in the face of the whole world, and thus to increase Thy tflory. I pray that I may be enabled to obtain the conversion of sinners, to awakest out of their unconcern so many persons wlto, although they enjoy the tjlessiug of heiongitiK to Thy Uhurch, have not at he li t the interest of tlmt Church, Thy Spouse. I also pray Thee to grant that those Catholics who hive not Indeed ceased to prove themselves such by external acts of charity, but who, through too great obstinacy in their own opinions, refuse submission to the de cisions of the Holy See. and cherish sentim.mts not in accord ance with its authoritative teaching, may become better advised and convinced that he that heareth not the Church he.ireth not Hod. who is with the Church. To obtain all these holy desires, to obtain the triumph and lasting peace of the Church, Thy immaculate .Spouse, the well being and prosperity of Thy Vicar on earth, that he may .see the fulfilment of his holy intentions, and also that all the clergy may sanctify themselves more and more, and become more pleasing to Thee, and for all other objeefs which Thou, (> my Jesus, knowest to he conformable to Thy Divine will, and in some m inner conducive to the con version of sinners. 'and to tiie sancthleation of the just, that we nuy obtain the salvation of our souls in the world to come ; and. lastly, because t know, n my Jesus, that I am doing that which is pleasing to Thy most loving Heart, prostrate at Thy feet in the presence of the Most Holy Virgin Mary, and of all the Court of Heaven. I solemnly recognise that I belong, wholly ami .solely; by all titles of justice ami gratitude to Thee alone. 0 Jesus Christ, my Redeemer, Thou only source of all my good both of soul and boilv! Hnitlug myself, therefore, to the in tention of the Sovereign I'ontilf, I consecrate myself andalf that belongs to me to Thy Sabred Heart, and I resolve to love ami serve It alone, with all my soul, with all my hearty and with all my strength, by doing Thy will better, and by uniting all my desires to Thine In public token of this my consecration. I solemnly declare to Thee, o mv Hod, that I will henceforward, in honour of the Sacred Heart, keep holy, according to the rules of Holy Church, all Sundays and Holy Days -»f Obligation, and will cause them t»i lie observed by all persons over whom 1 have authority and iutlnence. And now, summing up in Thy heautifui Heart all these holy desires and resolutions with jwliicli Thy grace lias inspired me, 1 trust to lie enabled to afford It some compensation for the many indignities which it receives from the ungrateful children of men, and to obtain for my own soul, and for the souls of nil who are near and dear to me, h«>th my own and their felicity in tills world, and In the world to come. Amen. The choir then sung tho Tanlurn Erjo, ivlion Father Carr gave tho boncdiction, mid thus wus brought to u close u ceremony thut will make more momorablo to Catholics tho olovonth anni versary of Dr. Lanigun's consecration as Bishop of Goulburn. A do ,i. tiumi'.-i'u Wodno-diy a mm mimed Willi im .vis 13 i:;, i iymg m the bush at 15 nvning by some c.i:i..:'-n, i'ney beiieved him :o lie dead, an i spre't:!::; ; ! t :-iu)1L lo I bat -effect it r ime In Mi < e.ir.-i i.f Mi1. \V. i-.ur'.ijr, innkeeper, of B nvning, who at !!: i .;.m: n h-srsu and cai t to fetch llii "e »rp .,> ' in. T:i i p.v.-ons with the | "art upon ill's l se.-ing llio man .dsn buiiove 1 him to ( bo una I. T,,..y br mgi.t him M Mr. ll.i:'- I, -r's inn, v.'li ire ,iv : v n: i:m was p ti I to him. Mr. lhii'bu' p iv . iv : i hat life was not i-x'.incf, bul, ho'.rit::; that Mia mid might c: mi-', sent a message tn .M r. su .-inspvcior Bron:i-iti. and tli it gniilk'nian startan to nvning by ti: ' 2. 12 train yesterday ni(irni:i„'. :m i upon nr-ir.-.i I hero he found tiiat tlio m:m was some what r-cavarod. It appears ho h nl boon on tho tramp, and lying down in the o h ! h it so bonuni'i >>i tint lie was not able '> m .ke a lire, and ha 1 to lie in tho uald up to lie.' ho was r-e"-:i and ro- moved thr , i pi tho hol iness of Mr. B trbor. Alter so::i-i i!"M Lin-: he was ublo to f peak, ai.il in in I ::;i in a sp 'ccblms-. s; ,'e and saved Ir.on ,1-i'ii, we will mv give an atvonnt of hi m W'-ien it wis found lie had tho use of hi.- mgU", he was n-::v I to tako a i little rum; his r I / -.vas, " '.i'i, no, i.iiis not co. no in that wi.a me yet, to d'ink rum." lie- was thru ask i 1 if :> vm! i have a lit'iti bramly, and his reply wa-,, "i.i.:, vos, I 1! tike a lit: I,, brandy." BefiroMr, I'.rminan left- Bowning lie tail i tho tramp !:. , right, to try and g"t into ono of tho asylums, and tli.it ho could do so by being brought before the magistrates : Ids reply to this was, " For (_: i l's sake, sir, don't ask uio to go to gaol anywh.ev, as I liavo been tuoro the lust ptrS of my ii"..'' Tno man was nearly seventy years of age, mid there can bo no question anon: tno ;o". that no on gilt to be asked to account for tho way in whi.-h lie gets iiis iiving, rather than b-< ailo ved to impose upon tlio charity of str.-h w arm -Li? irted mem as Mr. \V. Barber. L'ueani'.evas. — X en:-.:; of General Q nrtor .Sessions will bo held it ' j t .'.anbeyan r,u 'I'lmrs- day, 2.' Ji Angus:; an;'. : and a. Dist riot Court at the same plaeo on K ;! .ird ty, 3 1st August. 'Fit e I'larui: .1 inivl. — Giptain 'rr-mten's movom .-ut Lo raw a 'osLini-mial for Mr. Tboinas Fearer, wlu so i:., o'.y m en-.! the life of Miss Garmie'iaei from the wreck nf the "Lock Ard," near Melbourne, bis .-cached Yass. Mr. H. Dodds, of the <_'u:;::n -rcial Hotel, has received a subscription box fr .';: tlio Major of; Sydney, and, although the uoruir.'. is limited to sixpence, many persons have per . ist.-.l in putting in half-crowns and double liui-v-:".' was, A-> Fearco was a Sydney native, there is not ono of his country men hut ought to put his sixpence in the box, Tuogranoni;. — Tho undermentioned gent lemon have luon appmn'c l to form tlio public school board of thu pubhn school established ut tho place specified Toggrmong — Messrs. Alex ander Jackson Cunningham, J.P., John Bren- nau, James Smith, John "wons, Thomas Tong, | John Gregory, and William Ferguson Tbomp- | son. i Kevocation or Temi'orarv Kt: serve at Deu- ri n(t ut.i.rn, near Yass. — The tomporary rosorvn- I t.ion from sale of tho land hereunder described j lias been revoked— the revocation to tako effect I at the oxpiration of thirty clonr days from tlio j 10th instant ; —No, 19. Comity of King, parish i of "DmM'ifwMilInii. alifiiifc I.'I.'aIJ nr»Frta. TI»o f!nnw»i lands within tho following boundaries : Com mencing on tlio westorn boundary of tlio comity of King, at the north-west corner of B. Oregon's 22.1 acres, portion 12; and bounded thence on tlio south by tlm north boundary of that land and T. Laidla-.v's GO acres oasterly to tbo north-oast corner of that GO acres; thoneo by the east boundary of that GO iicros and 'Lb I.aidlaw's 1" neres and 10A acres southerly, in all nbout 3G chains to tlio south-east corner of tlio luttor por tion, and by a line south 1 cliuin to the north boundary of portion 17 ; thenco by that bound ary custorly to its north-oast cornor; thenco on tho south-west by a lino south-easterly about 2 inilos 8 chains to too sntith-wost cornor of por tion 78; thonce by tho south boundary of that portion easterly to its south-oast cornor; thenco by tho east boundary of portion 77 southerly to its south-oast corner; ond thonoo by a lino west to Dorringnllon Crook ; on tlio oast by that crook northerly to tho south boundary of J. Mocksy's 40 acres, by tbo south and tho west boundaries of that land wostorly nnd noi'tlmi'ly, and its con tinuation north to tlio south boundary of J. Maekay's 200 ocros conditional purchase; thonce by tho south boundary of that land wostorly to its south- wost cornor; thenco by n lino north- wost about 3A inilos ; and thenco on tho north by a liiui oast distant GO chains from tbo north boundary of B, Grogun s 22 A acres aforesaid, bearing west to tlio county boundary; and thonce on tlio wost by that boundary southorly nbout 01 chains, to tlio point nf commencement. Noti fied 29tli September, IS71. Waiting Shed at Fisii River.— The following lottor has boon roc, lived by Mr. Konyon, C.I'.S. at Gunning Depnrtmuiit of Public Works, Railway Branch. Sydney, 20th May, 1S78. Sir,— Roforring to your personal otiquiry, with rnfaroncu to the orection of a waiting shod at tho Fish River platform, I havo the honour to inform you that waiting sheds are being oroctod at all platforms as speedily as possible, and tho ono at Fish River will bo dono as early as prac ticable. I have tho honour to be, sir, your mnst obedient servant, C. A. Goodchaf, Com missioner for Railways. F. Kenyon, Bsq,, J.P., Gunning." Tlio orection of this shod will bo a groat convenience to tlio residents of tho imme diate neighbourhood. Reserve from Sale for Public School Pur poses. — Tlio land spocilied in the schodulo ap pended horoto has boon reserved from salo for public school purposed : — No. 70. County of King, parish of Leridn, area 8 acros. Tho Crown lands within tho following boun daries : Commencing on tlio left bank of Moa- dow Crook, at the south-east cornor of tho school site portion Gt; and boundod thonca on tho north by tbo southern boundary of that site west to its smith-wost cornor; thenco on tlio wost by part of the oastorn bonndary of II. C. Wlioatloy's conditional purchaso of 200 acros, bearing south 12 chains and 50 links ; thenco on tho south by a lino oast about 12 chains and 50 links to Moadow Creek, aforosaid ; thonce on tho north-east by that crook north-westerly, to tho point of commencement. Parish Road. — It having boon expedient to open und mako tho parish road mentioned, to bo maintained at the exponso of tho parish through which it passes, notice is given, that in accord- atioo with tho provisions of tlio Act 4th William IV., No. 11, plans and baoks of reference show ing the intended lino of rond in question, aro now dopnsitod at tho otlico of the Survoyor- Gorioral in Sydney, nnd an the Police Office men tioned. It is roqitestod that any woll-grounded | objections thnt may oxist to the formation of the road in question may bo transmitted in writing to tho clerk of the Executive Council within ono month from this date : —Road from Qunuing ts Grnbbon Gullon, county of King. Names of re- pnted owners or occupiers through whoso whoso properties tho road passes : — J. Kennedy, R, Kennedy, Lachlan River, representatives of J. Nowinan, decoased, reserved road, Crown land, II. Clancy, jun., M. Clancy, C. P., P. Tully, — Costigan, — Drow, and B. Loughnnn, C.P. Police Office at which tho plans and books of reference havo boon lodged — Gunning. Imfortast Verdict.— A case of considerable importance to auctioneers und others was hoard before Mr. District Court Judgo Dowling and a jury of four, in tho District Court, last Tuos day. Nonrly two yours ago u lady named James placed sotno property Rho owned, in Coogoo, in the hands of Mr. William PritcharJ, tho auctioneer, for salo, placing thornon a resorvo of £1500. Mr. Pritciiurd duly advertise 1 the pro perty, and did his best to all'uot a salo, hut could not get a purchaso" nt his miction salos who would buy tbo propirty at an advunco on tho resorvod price of £1500. Prior to tho timo of sale, Messrs. Jones and Crawley had iaterviod Mr. Pritchard about the property, and received particulars, Some negotiations botwoon Mossrs. V- ' Jones and Crawley and Mrs. James then onsuod, mid Mrs. James, prior to the property being put tip for safe, withdrew the property out of Mr. Pritciiard's hands. Twelve months afterwards, Mrs. James's son affected a side of tho property to Mr. Jones for £1'."D. Mr. Pritchard now sued Mrs. James for £25 for commission, nt the rata of 2 j percent, on the £LOOO. Mr. Pritchard, at the time tho property was withdrawn, wus not aware of tlio negotiations botwoon Mr. Juinos and Mr. Jones. Mr. Pi'chor, for plaintiff, and Mr. .Simpson, for defendant, addressed the jury. His Hmor summed up, and said tho law wus clearly in favour of plaintiff, if ho was instru mental in bringing about tho salo. Tho jury found a verdict for plaintiff for £23, which c irries costs. — Evening Xcj:s. o.utuarv. — Mi:-. J. M. Hassall.— We rogret hiving to record the death ot Mrs. J. M. Hassall, of Wambrook, who died at tho homestead on las: Tuesday week, tho 4th instant, and was Guriel at tho Gegedzorick Cemetery on the : ,1 owing Thursday afternoon, whore many fri uids had nssenibl'd nt tlio grave. Tho de ceased lady lir.d had but a short illness, nnd up to tho hour of death wus not considered by any member of tlio family in a dangerous state, neither did she herself have the remotest idea that she was drawing near the ond of hot' earthly pi'grimngo. Mrs. Hassall was a lady who, by her known gonllenoss, amiability, and affability, h id endeared herself not only to the immediate members of her own family, but to many frionds also. To t'no poor tho lato Mrs. Hassall was most kind and considerate, nlwuys ready to givo a helping hand to the neody and distressed. Mrs. Hassall Icavos a family of fourteen children, and was the daughter of Mr. F. R. Ilumo, of UAStlostoau, Uurro wu. — jlOH'iro mercury. Sudden Death. — A somewhat romarkablo case of sudden death occurred on Friday ovoning. A woman naraod Ellon O'Ronrko, nccornpuniod by her husband, arrived in Sydney on Thursday morning from Adelong, und went on a visit to friends ut 01, Washington-street. During yes terday aftornooti Mrs. O'Ronrko complained of feeling very tired, consequent on so much travelling, und lay down on a bod, apparently in I good lienlth. About sovon o'clock she was sing ing; but twonty minutes later, on some ono going into the room, she was discovorod to bo dead, I'no deceased was thirty-eight years of ago, — S. -Ii. Herald. The Meteor of Saturday.— Mr. Russoll, tbo Government Astronomer, forwards tlio follow ing letter to the metropolitan journals : — I ,-:r, I -Ii ill lie el el to r.ri'iv.: inform ition from any of yonr >. tilor- wlio m o- h tvt: obwrviM the ij,lt;i,'liil meteor oil Snnr- tl-iv last, .lime i far m the aw, nints already received go. t i- mii' h ,:o:iU" i'li,'Uon. and they lead one to .iiipiio.sc that, peri, in-, there were -"veral meteors. I, at with one exception, tii- tin i-.i a-vord so closely that it aeemt liardlv potsihle titer, , can have been more than one. Yet the report from Coo, ut states that itt direction was from zenith towards N.W.: while a: L'lladnlia it is said tint it wctt from X. K. to .S.W. Most of tiie ol, servers he ard a report, and in tho Y'.tss district the noise wa- like that of an e irtlninake. It was seen by tiie meteoroio- cieai oh.-'rver.hei'e and by many other persons in and about Sydney, who yonhrm cieit other's statements as to the time. | vi.: . :: h. 3 m. p m. Tiie meteor left a cloud of sinoke behind it. which rein lined for a tint-:, variously estimated at from 15 I minutes t., a ii ctrs. Tiie colour of the meteor was yellow, or a si, ole liet ween that and red. Very few state what anyul.tr di-t tnee it seemed to move over, or the time it was visible. Moth of these are wanted to determine tiie path ot the meteor, tail I hope s,„„.j observers in the west will give me particulars of whit thov saw. The foil, twins facts, however, are made out from tiie observations rcvetved The meteor was at least sixty miles above tiie earth when it passed over Cooma. Its pat!, was towards north west It was visible at Uooiii.a for four seconds. and an explosion took plave before it was lost to view, l'akiuy , the estimated diameter, as observed by a number of persons ; nbout stvdnev. at from one-third to onedi df that of the sun. it must have been about half a mile in actual diameter. Tins ; estimated size is confirmed It v tlm, e made at Co, una and other , places to the south, from these fuels it is extremely probable that the meteor did not reach the earth all, hut pissed only throuzh our upper atmosphere and then on in its course round , tiie sun. Manv who saw it connect a noise heard at tiie time i with what tlivv saw, forgetting, it would seem, thut If the .sound , dill travel a- 'far as Sydney it would reach us some lifteen : minutes after the explosion, owing to the great distance. There t can that this meteor is one of tile countless myriads , which it is now known revolve constantly round our sun in ! planetary orbits, forming by their vast numbers rings nf micros- . copic planets, all travelling round our situ together. the . number of these revealed by modern astronomy is almost beyond! conception. I, ut some idea may be obtained from the | statement that the eartli in its annual course round the sun | cuts more than two hundred of the meteor rings, and from them we vet our shooting stars or meteors. These meteors generally I read, our attuosnhere with a velocity of from 70 to -0 miles per | second so that tile one observed on Saturday must have travelled over a large part of Australia while it was visible. The points upon which 1 should like information are as fol lows —The time it was seen, nnd the number ol seconds it was vlsibie, the angular altitudes at witieli it was first and last seen, whether It was soon tn explode, and. If so. what interval there was between the explosion and sound. To those not accus tomed to citiuute altitudes I may mention that from horizon to zenith is no-, and the altitude at which any body is seen is easily estimated as a part of tie'.— If. C. -Ki- ssku.. Observatory, June It. Tlio buildings nt Cnilnn Park have been appointed to bo u public lunatic nsylnra. Tlio application of .Messrs. William McKonzie, J. Hoiking, and others, of Gundagai, for tho loose of throe neres for gold mining at Juneo, has been refused. Tenders for tho construction of bridges over Pejar Greek ond over tho Wollondilly Rivor, at Pejnr, aro called for, to bo lodged on or before 2nd July npxt. Plans can bo soon at the post ) oilico, Crookwoll. Tbo Cro'.vn lends rnngor lins seized about 100,000 foot of codar on the Uaintree River, it hnving boon cut by men not having n license. It will bo sold ot auction. On Monday n farmor nt Bnrwood, named John Boyd, was plncod under chloroform by Drs. Atliorton and Deck, of Sydney, to have a cancer removed from tho lower lip. Ho died boforothe operation was complotod. Tho jury at the in quest found that tlio chloroform was administorod with duo care und caution. At tbo Water Polico Court, Sydney, Inst Tues day, an unsoomly disputo occurred amongst tho sixteen judicial luminaries on tho bench over an application for a publican's license. It is said to havo caused "grout fun" to the on-lookers. The bench was equally divided, so no ordor was made. Mr. Hugh Lennon, tho agricultural iraplomont makor of North Melbourne, has lately obtained a patent for an improvod method of manufacturing plonghsharos, which promisos to offset a very beneficial revolution in that direction. By the now process tho shnros aro made out of iron specially rollod for tho purpose, and bent on a sort of anvil with a stoam hammer, and cracks aro altogether nvoidod. Ono of those now Bhoros will wo'ir out more than fifty of tho others. They will bo Bold at tho samo price as the old shnros. Tho total oxport of gold from Queensland ports during 187G was 371,770 ozs, ; during 1877, 430,101 ozs. Tho Hay Municipal Council aro ongagod in a water scheme for supplying tho town. Tho wator was allowed to flow into tho mains on Wednesday evening, when it was found that tho pipes wore all wnll-tuid and water-tight. Tap ping tho mains, in order to lay tho service pipes, was commenced noxt day. Mr. Sutherland, Minister for Works, purposes visiting II, ly on the occasion of tho opening of the rnilwny to Juuoo. Mr. W. F. Parker, who for many years has hold the otfiao of C.P.S., Land Agent, Registrar, &o.;, for the district of Gronfoll, has boon nppointed Polico Magistrate of .Herri wn, ond will bo Buccooded by Mr. G. G. Brodio, J.P., and C.P.S., Murrurundi. zYt Quoanbeyan, on Saturday last, Mr. Kenneth Cameron wob li uotl 20s. for an assault upon Mr. Murray, inspector of schools. Mr. Berry and Mr. Burns are entirely in accord in tlio matter oi tho terms for tho agree ment for the duplication of tho cable, and tho only point of any importance upon which they ore nt issue with Colonol Glovor has relation to tho charges for messages between Port Darwin and London. Mr. Croswiclc, tho actor, lias boen marriod to the widow of Dr. IJelinfanto. With rospoct to tho coach accidont at Homo Ralo, reforrod to in our telegram in lust issno, there was a mistuke as to the name of tho young lady killed ; it was not Miss Ilolswioh, but Miss Jane Maguiro. The jury at the inqnost returned a verdict of accidental dontb, adding a rider, consuring tho proprietor for not having a porson to tako chai'go of tho horses whilo the mail was being delivered, and censuring Curtis for leaving the coach after tho reins had been given into his charge. On Tuesday Inst a verdict of manslaughter was | returned against sotno person unknown in the I case of tho child found oxposod nonrtho " Infants' | Homo" at Aslitiold. Thu particulars were given > in our telegram in last issue. J At a recent meeting of loading citizons of i Adelaide it was docidod to take steps to form a j public memorial to perpetuate tho momory of ' tho Into John Howard Clark, ono of tho pro- j priotors of tho liegisicr newspaper. j Tho romnnnt of a voluntoor force existing in this colony la3t year cost tlio public the " in- : significant " sum of £ll,0vJ 17s, 0d. j Messrs. Amos, railway contractors, rccontly purchased in Goulburn all tlio bricks tliev could obtain, and thoro is genorolly groat demand for large quantities for public works. Tho Government at tho instuueo of Mr. llurloy, tho motnber for Hartley, have coiisontod to allow a serios of lectures on temporanco and moral reform to be dolivored to tho prisoners in Darlinglnirst gaol. At the Land Inquiry Court hold at Barrow last Wednesday, Mr. James, solicitor, raised un objection that evidence of improvements can only bo given by tlio appraiser appointed by Govern ment. The commissioner took u noto of tho objection. An oil'ort is being mtvlo at Cootanuindra to ostnblish n Mechanics' Institute. A party of Chinumon havo rentod a farm of about eighty .acres from Mr. Peter .Sullivan near Coolac, and intend to commonce tlio cultivation and manufacture of tobacco on an exfousivo scale. The Government nro now ongagod in pro- paring tho ostimates for 1879. Now is tlio timo for country districts to send in their applications lincintT nnn.Jfiil nnhHn wnrka nrnviHrtH fnr. Yuss requiros n post oll-ic", etc., &o.;, &c.;, as storokoepors put it in their busiuoss announce ments. Sir Ilorculos Robinson intends to proceed to Molbourno in a fow days on private business, Tiie Hon. Lady Robinson is expectod to return to Sydney from Molbourno noxt week. A scone took placo last Wednesday in tho Supremo Court botwoon the Chief-Justice nnd Judge IJnrgravos whilst sitting in Banco. Sharp lungnago wns interchanged, to tbo amaze ment of the spectators. Tho Catholic Bishop of Goulburn has for- wardod a circular to tho clorgymou in his diocoso, in support of tho movemont initiated by Arch bishop Yaughan to erect memorials to tho late Archbiehop Polding, Archdoacon McEncroo, and Rov. Father Tberry. The Qneanboyan correspondent of oho Goul burn Post states that F. Campbell, Esq., of Dun- troon, has placed at the disposal of our Football Club bis splendid drag and four horses to go to Yass with. I bolieve the day of the match is not fully decided. The following tolegram has been received by Sir Samuel Wilson, of Victoria, from Messrs. Robert Brooks and Co., London : — " Your Ercildouno fleece wool, ox Sir Walter Raloigh, has averaged 43d. per lb. ; and ex Juliet, 39d., the highest price being 52 id. Your Mount Bute fleece wool averagod 33d., tbo highest prico being 40d." Holloway's Pills. — Disorders of tho kidneys, known by the deeply- seated pain in tho back and scanty secretion of water, can be arrested in tueir distressing ana rapia course Dy tnoso regulating pills. Their highly tonic nnd strength ening properties prevent the impoverishment of tho blood and the dorangoment of circulation, chnracteristicofkidneys disoaes, and often ending in partial or general dropsy. Experience has proved the almost unvaried success obtained when Holloway's Pills aro taken in tho earlier stages, and tho ease they afford when the com plaint is moro advanced. They relax the hot and parched skin, overcome the attendant cos- tivoness, induce a copious socrotion of tho kidneys, which are the harbingers of disease departing and health returning. Strength for the Debilitated. — Thousands of panaceas and elixirs have been puffod into temporary celebrity since the paragon of vege table cordials, tho famous "Dew of the Alps," was introduced into Switzerland. For fivo hundred years it has been the favourite tonic of her daring mountaineers. They sip it as a solace when low spirited, as a protection agninst miasma and sudden changes of temperature, as a specific for indigestion, as a cure for physical prostration, and as a general regulator and re storative in all ordinary ailments. It has out- iived rivalry, and defies competition. Experience has proved that it is especially adapted to the climato of Australia. At tho mineB, on the large stations, and in all the cities, it is held in equal esteom, and the late importations, large as they havo beon, have not proved equal to the demand. Messrs. M. Moss and Co., of Sydney, are the wholosale agents for Australia. A Priceless. Blessing. —Health is a priceless blessing. Monarchs would barter their thrones treasures in exchange for it. Unfortunately, it is often unattainable. But that it is not beyond the reach of nervous invalids, dyspeptic and rheumatic sufferers, the victims of intermittent and remittent fever, persons debilitated by sick ness and tliope naturally infirm, is sufficiently provon by the remedial victorias over thosecom- plaints ond disabilities of Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. 