) OTJR AMATEUR THEATRrCALS " AT i ) BOOLONa. / lie jests at scars'wlio never felt a vyoaatZ— RbMiso. t ONK of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, ) of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, j was when he made his first and only appearance as |an \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment- at |his V own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reasonj nad C conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it J was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head .aftcwhis J peculiar dehat. On finding the Melbourne .and Sydbey \ man.agers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" (T at any of their' several theatres, he resolved to "take the / bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down J at his place .at Boolong. He went to enormous expense i in building a small theatre, purch.asing w.ardrobe, having \ scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the C thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind f of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw ain- / bitious ainateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the / stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the profession); i and he looked forwaaal to the proluction of his pet play, \ " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, mot unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, .after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of ( them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and tbe King likewise ; Ojdtclia, an amateur, \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen f lines. " Banbury was imred at by the local personages who ) assembled to assist at the .amateur performance. But this \ was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills ( came imthe expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to s.ay, k " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because r they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- J ist,, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no . such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it ) was .the theatre. " . \Vhat was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, tuim him out of ; the house he had furnished ' for htm, and send him adrift on the worhl. What was he ) to do ? Hismreditors would not wait and , he would be a miserable, pauper,' But for .all this he did not lose his ' house, and. his poor uncle's fortune m in the bank in his ) name, thanks to the timely aid of onb who is a friend to , ' the drama as well as. to the.vest of tlve world, who advanced 1 him the needful. , Need w.eVsay hismame. No ; all know y him I But w'Amay.as- well remark, it was the ehaminon 1 of the distressed,'' DAVID HENRY, of 52' Collins street east, ) "Wlio 'has f fdriP £5 to ;£ 1 0.O'OO to leiid' on notes of hand, bills j of sale (with, or without- security), sa.lary orders, life r policies, certificates, deedsibill' bf lading,' legacies, goods, ) merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- \ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., r, repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. J Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and \ mortg.ages fi'om G per cent. 