? SHAMUS-NA-GIEBA; OR, THE HERMIT'S REVENGE. CHAPTER IV.—(CONTINUED). BY HENRY MCCABE. (From The London Lamp.) Now Eugene would much rather not go, but he had not the heart to refuse Eily anything, and seeing that Bhe was terribly agitated, he accompanied her. Mr. and Mrs. O'Donneil were rather surprised when Eily appeared leaning on Eugene's arm, instead of, aB they expected, with Sir William; but when her father heard of the insult which the baronet had put upon his beloved child he became almost outrageous. Nothing but the tears of Eily could prevent him from at once rushing off and demanding satisfaction of Sir William. His wife stood perfectly powerless before the torrent of his wrath, and was unable or afraid to say anything in justification of her protege ; and when he declared with an accent, the significance of which she knew full well, that he would never, ander any circumstances, allow such an unmanly ruffian to darken his doors again, die saw all her ambitious dreams fade away and disappear, upsetting in a moment all her most cherished plans. , As to Eugene, the old man's gratitude to him knew no bounds. And when his passion had subsided, and the young fellow related to him Sir William's plight as he emerged from the ditch, he laughed, and laughed again, until the tears ran down his cheeks ; whilst Eily, forgetting all her fears in the pleasure of seeing her father and her lover reunited in friendship, joined in the laugh, and seemed the happiest of all there. And when Eugene returned home that night his heart was gladdened by a joyous hope which burned brightly in his breast, and cheered him with the beams of a happy future. CHAPTER V. How strange it iB that the face of nature changes with the current of our thoughts; and that, at certain times, all surrounding objects take their hues from the complexion of our feelings, and vary their expressions to appear in harmony with our minds. If we are happy, then all around looks fair and smiling—the aun shines with a brighter radiance than usual, the fields are of a gayer green, the birds sing with a more beautiful and musical cadence, and the tops of the distant mountains, at other times cold, and bleak, and barren, become, by the force of imagination, endowed with loveliness and beauty. But when the ice-cold wind of grief hath swept across our souls, how changed is all this ! Cold, cold and cheerless is the prospect which then stretches away on every side— nature seems to mourn with us in- our woe; and even the radiant god of day seemB to" hide his face in gloom, and to turn away his light from our darkened world. Thus it was with'Sir William O'Meara on the night in question, as, after his encounter with Eugene, Ike disappeared from view, his mind one wild, tumultuous whirl of excitement and passion. Scarcely knowing where he went, he wandered on and on, his soul boiling with anger, and conjuring up visions of wild and furious revenge. Rejected, scorned and humiliated—it seemed to him as ? if from every bush voices were Issuing to taunt him with -his ignominy and disgrace, and as if every stone along his way' was occupied by a triumphant imp, who pointed at Mm-' the finger of derision, whilst npon his face was that leer of demoniac glee BO disgusting and irritating-to those sit whom it is directed. Wild, and dark were Sir William's looks, and depp were his revengeful utterances, as. he rushed on, striving in vaim to fly from the ooniciousness 'of his humiliation and disgrace,'which would > not quit him, but, like the -voice .'of. a fiend, remained for ever, in 4tis~'mind spurring htat on to dfeeds of ; darkneas and rei angB. . It was. t>ad .enough, to be .rejected by his;: lady-love for another, it was bad enough to hear her boast in Ids presence of her love for that other;'but to be so humiliated before her,, and .that, too, at the very moment' when he .'thought she was, completely at his'mercy, ;to become the lTOg^in^-fltdck r bf h«^lf^nd Eagene, thMft the Ireal;' siting: lay forhis proud soul.. A'-blowhadal way B-seemed to him' thjj {Vfsrtf there he; was, after. being unmercifully th» iM^Mnwiey;;: IfoK weU"&e; .'£be w that fee irto^ 'wo^d ' SD^i be raised ^JJpJ^lwjality furnish -food ^ for.i Tidicole ^and - laughters passion: sui^^iiwrM^w^BO^aua .Ju»1 ground his teeth in the impotence of'his rage. Every animate and inanimate thing around him seemed to him to glory in his disgrace, and the shrill " caw" of a crow, which, disturbed by his presence, had thus resented the intrusion, seemed to him a paean of exulting triumph over his ignominious downfall. ,». At length the consuming violence of his passion exhausted itself, and he sat down on a stone to collect his scattered senses. The moon shone dimly down from on high, aod he looked around. Where was he f The place seemed unfamiliar to his eye. What were those white stones lying around ? and why did that dark building, outlined in the dim moonshine, strike with such a chill sensation upon his heart P A feeling of awe and dread took the place of the furious pasBions of his mind. He started up in alarm. Something white lay at his feet, and an impulse which he could not control induced him to stoop and piok it up. Scarcely, however, had he touched it when he dropped it with a shudder of horror. It was a human skull, and then the truth burst upon hiB mind. He was alone in a silent graveyard, and around him lay the dust of bygone generations of humanity. Sir William was a brave man and not in- clined to be superstitious; but the sudden and unlooked for nature of the discovery quite unmanned him. Though he might, in his calmer moments, look upon all ghost stories as purely imaginary, yet the silence and weird-like appearance of the place produced a shuddering sensation in his mind. Reader, have you ever been alone amid the dwellings of the dead in the still hours of the night i Have you ever felt that sense of utter loneliness, that Bensation of creeping awe, steal over you, which such a scene inevitably produces % Have you ever felt yourself, as it were, cut off from all living things, and standing for a moment in the midst of the dwellers in the mystic shades of death ? Ah ! yes; we may sneer as we like; but hard muBt be his heart and little is he to be envied, who can gaze upon such a scene unmoved. Where is the atheistical sceptic who can in such a place and in such an hour, dare to say that there is no life beyond the grave ? No; strive as he may do to retain his impious belief, there is a whispering voice at his heart which tells him that all dies not in death, that there is life beyond the grave, and that the dust beneath his feet will yet reappear in man's immortal form. To some people the sense of dread inspired by suoh a scene may seem humiliating and unmanly; but really there is nothing to be ashamed of in such a fear, for the calmest reflections which it induces have in them something of dreAd to the human mind. There we are, as it were, cut off from all the busy scenes of life, and everything around us is calculated to remind us of our inevitable end. The cold dust beneath our feet once trod the earth in the pride of life and vigour ; but now it lies there, sordid and decayed, nothing to distinguish it from the earth around. A voice from beneath the stones on which we stand seems to cry, "To this, too, shalt thou come;" and from every corner around, from* the depths of the gloom, a thousand weird voices seem to repeat the ominous " Come!" We are, for a moment, lifted far above this terrestrial world, and stand, intruding and alone, in the shadowy land of spirits. Around us are dim and weird-like forms. Resenting our unhallowed intrusion they seem to menace us with their misty hands, and it is not until we have fled from the scene that they seem to fade away. Thus it was with Sir William O'Meara. When he became aware of his surroundings a cold and. dewy sweat stood upon his brow. Physically he was brave ; but it wu not physical courage which could stand him ;in good stead then.' The "consciousness of Ms many misdeeds made him deficient in "moral strength, and fantastic, and unreal visions danced before hismind.' He strove 'to burst from the thraldom of his fears, but in vain—they crowded uppn. him, terrible and nienacipg, like ( t^e ghoits of the murdered printes appearing to King BicharcL, - He'.tore off his 6ravat,for the atmbspbereo? place seemed to choke fas&nation;," and he could not move from thesptft."' A' 'Wlfite ~ wooden .cross 1 stood at^sleet, 1 ' sjnd' ^pji'd xjMh&' Wl';$irk nettles erew' fin , exuberant luxuriate. jished . . 'oped^dbwn tb read the inscription upod' l ii; 5 clouds passed: from'the-moonauditdpa]6 tighfct «h»nfe"Jt>pbn»«J»e- fatten, ^fcringingt vfeniVM- ^liStinotness. 1 Theunsorip&on; Wasshort; it utoR-ffi H xV:!mhi <A ^ui I TO-TH® MMTOBY;;..7 ! Biihizovfija-ii I'litota cne-"? • - Wf.rfUbvo StiBMBBTi-lC !•> and below that again the words : "lam the Resurrection and the Life." With bating breath and starting eyeballs Sir William traced the accusing characters on the cold, mute wood. Mute, indeed, it was, as far as earthly language was concerned; but it spoke to his soul in terms there was no mistaking. Well he knew over whom that cross was erected, well he knew who was the " Magdalen ;" for the terrible voice of accusing conscience, long slumbering in his breast, was now suddenly awakened to life, and told him who it was. One of his crimes had come home " with a vengeance " to his heart. In imagination he saw his betrayed wife, whom, by his after words and his unblushing falsehoods, he had driven to destniction—not fair, and young, and smiling, as when first she roused a mad passion in his heart ; but wild, angry, and menacing, like an accusing angel, pointing with terrible impressiveness to a fearful abyss which seemed to yawn beneath his feet. In his agony he sank down by the CTOBS, and hid his face in very terror, when, as it seemed, from the grave where slumbered the dust of his unfortunate victim there came a groan, loud, deep, and prolonged, inexpressibly sad and discomforting in that lonely place. The baronet sprang to his feet in an agony of fright. His first impulse was to rush away from the horrid scene, when another sound, swelling upon the night air, enchained his attention and arrested his half-made step. Borne upon the calm night it came to his ears, a deep, booming Bound, rising and falling, and again rising and falling, the only vibration to disturb the calm quiet of the air. It was the bell of a distant village tolling the hour of midnight. Those only who have experienced the feeling can tell of the utter loneliness and desolation which fills the heart of him who, far from all the signs of life, and alone in the dead of night, listens to the mournful sound which tells of the never-ceasing flight of time. The baronet listened with intense expectation to the noise. It seemed to fall upon his heart with the cold presage of coming evil. When the last sound had died away a sigh of relief escaped him. It seemed as if the spell which had so long lain upon his soul had been broken. He sprang forward to fly from the spot; but just as he had placed his foot upon the ground, coming, as it were, from beneath him, arose another groan, deep and appalling to its hearer. From every side aronnd it was re-echoed, and it seemed as if the spirits of the departed dead had returned to earth to mark their abhorrence of him who stood alone amid their mouldering dust. This was too much for the unfortunate man. His feelings had for such a length of time been strained to their utmost tension, that this last episode was the straw that broke the camel's back. He glanced wildly around. From out the gloom threatening faces seemed to menace him. A loud shriek burst from him, the earth careered around, lights flashed before his eyes, and fantastic forms seemed to circle in a hellish dance: around him. Then, exhausted nature gave way—he sank down in a swoon— darkness came upon him and he knew no more. Ere the last sound of the shriek, which in his agony of terror was wrung from the depths of his soul, had died away on the echoes of the night, and whilst the shrill cries of those dark birds of illomen that build their nests in those lonely places where lie the dwellings of death made the air resound, another and a strange form appeared upon the scene. Through the door of the old abbey which led from the vaults below, the head and form of what was most assuredly a man appeared; but certainly, in his appearance, and in the nature of his surroundings there was enough to startle the observer. Seen by the dim light of the moon he appeared like the evil genius of the place—one of those unearthly ghosts who, according to Mahommedan- super- stition, make in lonely graveyards, their abiding-place, and -banquet on .the bodies: of the dead. His hair, long and onkempt, fell down over his neck and face,'' and a thick and matted: beard covered his features" almost to -his very eyes,: lending dark -and lustrous. orbs that gleained in the shadow of his overhanging- brows -like thioigs of living flame. His iclothing+-af "clothingit couldbe called—was inkeep-^ ingwith 4ho<i«est' of : : "hir appearance, ::a mass of raga,icept together, no onSkhew how' or why, and' which added i toi.-iiis ei*d^d:teer≤:aspect^']iw Mixta i® Shtous-iia-CKera—for so irafeHshe'^tiw-^ sodierJiSalledJ^rtii- •-i-i-« - a i ! :^ - asiitt&ttifek; titaanfittf ify ^'l^m^'fefceiiJ : u LI _! 'a ^ • up his^ibode' 'in one of 'the'ialflaWiisJ^ vaults'* irathet' thatf J atfejit.' whith' be f^^Wd' v «fcw^e.ffoW thfe fco,-' pitabie ^asUte afc&hdV; Wfatf monefate*. 4 ' 'Wfcfere lefcad o6n» : ITOB£ was unknown. Some short time before he had appeared in the neighbourhood; but to all inquiries as to his former mode of living he was deaf. His name he said was Sbamus—that was all the information that could be obtained from him ; and to it the people themselves affixed the termination of "na-Giera," or "the beggarman," and as such he was known. He was a dark, morose man, who seemed always to be brooding over some absorbing idea; whether it was the remorse of a criminal, or the remembrance of some terrible wrong which he had suffered, no one knew; but the peasants looked with sympathy on the lone and silent man, and never was he turned away emptyhanded from their doors. When he first took up his residence in the old abbey vault, he was regarded with a feeling of terror by the simple people; but that had long faded away or melted down to one of superstitious reverence. He could not have been more than fifty years of age ; but though his iron frame seemed to defy the effects of time, the lines of Borrow which marked his face told of the corroding effects of woe and shame. He seemed to dread the light of day; for except when compelled by hunger and necessity, he never stirred abroad from his loathsome dwelling, and seemed to fly from and shun the sight of man. (To be continued.) 