THE VATICAN VERMIN. It will be a curious circumstance if Leo XIIL should become another Clement XIV. in expelling or suppressing the Jesuits. This is certain, however, that there is a feud between them. From the first the Jesuits have looked upon Leo XIII. as against them, and Leo XIII. has been conscious from the first that they were against him. Between them, therefore, no love has been lost ; for under all the false appearances of congratulation and submission to " His Holiness," as the vicar of Jesus Christ, elected not by the trickery and craft of parties, but by "the Holy Ghost," the Jesuit fathers would have preferred another, and have from the first moment of his elevation, sought to manage or thwart his action. Pius IX. was wholly in their power. The " infalli bility" was theirs. The "immaculate con ception was theirs." The violent "non possumus " was theirs. The stern demands on the Italian Government was theirs. The denial that the temporal power was gone was theirs. The expulsion of Father Gurci was theirs ; so that when Leo XII'I. came to the chair he found that it was already practically filled by Father Beckx and his Jesuit helpers, who had held Pius IX. like a puppet in their hands, to jump or to lie still' in his box or "prison," according as they had pleased. Naturally the new infallible did not like this, arid refused to be put into the leading strings of those guides. When he got time to turn > himself he ; ordered certain reforms which the Jesuits felt were an encroach ment on' their authority and "rights," long established under the great saint just departed — to <St. Peter. Leo insisted, the Jesuits objected. Leo ordered General Beckx; the head of the Jesuits, to keep at a; distance from the Vatican ; this," of course, had to be obeyed ; but' the smaller' vermin remained? behind tb watch; and to' keep open the mouse" holes. " Father Curci, who had been expelled ' from' the Jesuit1 order by. Pius IX. and General Beckx, as, an enemy, -because he advocated that' tlue- 'Pope should accept the status quo of a united Italy and a temporal 'king bijRoine,' was in disgrace." and poverty -; but Leo XIII. and his; brother who ? had ' been j a Jesuit but had left 'the order, invited Father Curci to return'to the Vatican arid be' reconciled. This was 'done,1 and the 'curious 'fact became historical; that ; what : Pius IX. and General Beck x had done was -undone, and ' the expelled Father Curci was brought back into-favour, while' the -expelling General Beckx wab! told " to quit h; The sapping and' counter' sapping have gone steadily on ; and" now, 'at .' last, the crisis has come ; for, as jthe infallible Leo has "found 'that iike' rats and'! mice these Jesuits have their lioles in every room of the Vatican, be now i! proposes to stop them all up withwRomari cenient;"br, in other' words;' to expelthewhole vermin race from his. presence. ' ' ' : ; ' . We don't wonder a¥: the. Holy' 'Father's proposal; ; Every kingdom and nation : in Europe has expelled' the ' Jesuits. They have been?, found to be; ''wherever they 'have gained pbwerdaubtle' ahcl5 danger ous' lot. By their political craft; by their' immoral - dogmas, ; by ; their wonderful, activity ahd:- brgahization:j:andi'by' their audacious falsehoods thby -have under- j mined civil power and riational liberties, ? and destroyed the coinmonest confidehce' between 'man'- and man-; so' that /Clement XIV. ' said, nothfng? but-the ? truth when, he said "that they were ' the disturbers- of ;- the peace and safety of , the .world." That-; infallible " suppressed ' and ; extinguished J them for : ever." He denounced them-as thelfrear enemies of the Church arid1 of civil society. Not only so, but to make their suppression- and ' extinction for ever certain to all generations, he, thus cob- "cluded his decree— " Our will and' pleasure is that these letters should be - for ever and -to" all eternity valid, permanent; and efficacious,' have and' obtain1 their full force and effect, and be inviolably observed ' by all and every whom they do and may concern now and hereafter, in any manner whatever." But not withstanding all this infallibility, Pius VII. and after wards Pius , IX. revived and employed these same "extinguished" Jesuits, because they were found useful to them ; but Leo XIIL finds the truth of Clement XIV's, ' words, as Italy, Germany, Spain and France are now also realizing. But the vermin need not lose heart. If Leo expels them from the Vatican they need only to take ship and come off to Sydney, New South Wales; for Dr. Vaughan has been making great prepara tions for them at North Shore, and has been giving a general invitation even to General Beckx to come on hither with his nests. The question, however, is import ant for the people of Sydney, and espe cially at the -North Shore. — Do they want any more -vermin of the Jesuit sort than they have 1 If such rats and mice cannot be endured at the Vatican, where else will they be found to ho a blessing ? 