. MODERN TORPEDO WARFARE (From Nalure, Nov. 16.) Two elements .have contributed to make torpédo warfare what it is : electricity and the new,explosive compounds." .It is true that in the Whitehead or fish torpedo recourse is had only to the latter of these, but it is the sole material exception, and all the mischief effected by this branch of marine warfare has been, so far, the result of electric torpedoes. Both on tne Danube and in .'the last American war, when no less than twenty-five ships were sunk by the Confederates, the electric torpedo has worked extensive injury, and it is no wonder, therefore, that a keen interest should be taken in all that pertains to so novel and destructive a method of killing and wounding. We have called the torpedo a novel weapon, and the instruments that go by the name to-day undoubtedly are so. At the time of the Critrean war we had to do with torpedoes of a kind ; nay, even so far back as the beginning of the seventeenth century, floating charges, called petards, were employed, but these were of too insignificant a nature to merit attention. The "infernal machines" strewn in the Baltic by the Russians twenty years ago were small canisters .of powder containing by way. of igniting arrangement a mixture of chlorate of potash and sugar, together with a glass bulb with sulphuric acid ; and the latter escaping from its envelope when this was broken by a shock or collision, brought about .an immediate explosion. These mechanical torpedoes had ' two disadvantages : the Uniting arrangement was of such a character that it could be set in action just as well by friend aB by foe, and the explosion of the gunpowder was insufficient to effect any material injury. All this lias been remedied. Electricity is nowadays employed as the igniting agent, and those terribly violent explosives, guncottón and dynamite, replace the comparatively innocuous gunpowder. Electric torpedoes may be broadly divided into two classes : offensive and defensive torpedoes. The latter are employed for the protection of harbors, channels, and roadsteads ; the former, in the shape of drifting or spar-torpedoes, are carried to the attack in small swift-sailing steam launches. In this country we are favorably disposed to the employment of compressed gun-cotton in our machines, while on the Continent they seem to entertain a predilection for nitro-glycerine, or rather dynamite. Both' compounds are what chemists term nitro - compounds, in contradistinction to gunpowder, which comes under the class of nitrate-compounds, and appear to exercise an explosive force of almost similar violence, measuring the substances weight for weight. Compressed guncotton, we need hardly' say, is cotton yarn acted upon by nitric and sulphuric acids, and then pulped and washed, so that the result is a finely divided mass which may be made to assume any shape or form. As a rule the material is pressed into cakes of disc-like form, which weigh from a few ounces to a pound, and whUe still wet the slabs are stored away in the magazines. In this moist condition the compressed pulp is not only non-explosive, but actually non-inflammable, except one possesses the key to its detonation. This is nothing more than a dry cake of the same material, or as the latter is termed in military parlance a "primer," which on being detonated by a few grains of fulminate, brings about the explosion of any wet gun-cotton in its immediate neighborhood. Thus if simply a net is filled with gun-cotton slabs and thrown into the sea, the whole charge may be ignited by a primer contained in a waterproof bag having an electric fuze and wire attached. The possibility of communicating explosion in this way by vibration instead of by spark or flame is, too, as we shall presently see, the germ of a system of counter-mining, or torpedo annihilation, which bids fair to developinto a particularly effective means of defence against these terrible machines. Dynamite is similarly exploded to gun-cotton. The active principle in this case is nitro-glycerine, or, if you will, liquid gun-cotton, prepared by simply allowing glycerine to fall drop by drop into nitric acid. As a solid is usually more convenient to handle than a liquid, the use of pure nitro-glycerine has given way to dynamite, which may be described as siliceous earth impregnated with the explosivą fluid.. 'r . Dynamite and gun-cotton explode with something like four pr.five timeB the force of gunpowder, and for this reason a very, destructive change may be confined within a comparatively small space. Moreover, they are peculiarly adapted to submarine mines, since nitro-glycerine is no more affected by water, than gun-cotton ; and the old adage to "keep your powder dry " does not apply to either of tnem. In the case of moored, torpedoes which are connected with batteries to the . shore, or carry their own means of generating electricity as in the Herz torpedo of our German cousins, there is no limit to size,, and machines containing as much as 500 lbs,, of gun-cotton have, in fact, been con^ structed: but for a spar- torpedo, or in other words, one which is thrust under an enemy's keel by means of a 30-foot pole projecting • from the prow of a launch, the charge must be considerably smaller,, and for two reasons. A great weight : at the end of such a lever could not .be properly .manipulated, while the explosion, if the charge were a very,large one, would destroy both.the. attacking and the attacked. ' A big moored torpedo of 500 lbs has been found, when sunk in 30 or 40 feet of water, to be fatal to a strong ironclad if the latter happens to be within this distance of the source of explosion ; or, in other words, a cushion of water 40 feet in thickness is not sufficient to secure, the. immunity of - such a vessel What would happen .if this terrible volcano were to, erupt—if we may use the word—in contact with the sides, of an armored ship, must .be left to the imagination ; but despite Mr Word Hunt's opinion to the contrary, we do not think it would require three such torpedoes successfully exploded to bring our boasted Inflexible to grief. And in thiB opinion our readers, we suspect, will fully agree when we inform them that a heavy torpedo like this throws up a cone of water 60 feet in height, , with a diameter at its base of no less than 220 feet. Such a heaving of water, if it did not break the back of an ironclad, as there is every reason to suppose it would, muBt inevitably capsize her without more ado. But it is, of course, only, on very rare occasions that such a monster torpedo could be brought to bear,; and in all cases of attack, the charge must, needs be considerably less. The smaller, Whitehead torpedoes which, as our readers know very well, are narrow cigar-shaped weapons, that move through the water by the agency of compressed air, do not in all probability carry more than a 401b. or 501b. -charge in the head, while a spar or drift torpedo of 1001b. is already as large as would be convenient to handle. At the same time either of these would quite suffice to fracture an iron plate several inches in thickness, and therefore be fatal, probably, to any ironclad afloat, supposing there was no water cushion between the craft and the torpedo. We have no definite information respecting the size or weight of the torpedoes which sunk the Turkish monitor in the Matchin Canal, but as the expedition was hastily arrangedandorganised, the charges were, no doubt, not very large. The fish torpedo is a rare example of a complicated apparatus coming into practical use, and its elaborate construction and fine workmanship may be imagined when the reader is informed that the machines cost £500 a-piece to manufacture. The long tube is divided into three compartments : the head, which contains the explosive charge, the reservoir, in which the compressed air is stored, and the machinery by means of which the stored-up energy is converted into a propelling force. The air is compressed to the extent of 600 lbs on the square inch, and to bring about this result an exceedingly powerful air-pump is necessary, which forms an additional item of expense in the case of this torpedo. The latter when properly charged will do a' journey of a mile, or mile and a half, under water, the first 1000 yards being got over at a rate of no less than twenty miles an hour, and if unaffected by tide or current, the machine will proceed in a perfectly straight direction. It floats at any distance under water that may be desirable, but is usually made sufficiently buoyant to swim at eight feet from the surface ; it explodes on striking any object, but the machine is so contrived that if it tails to strike, then it floats to the surface, and a trigger guard renders the fish at the same time innocuous, and permits of its recapture without risk. Ingenious as the little creature is, there has been, we repeat, no authenticated employment of it during the present war. On the Danube the spar-torpedo alone seems to have been used against Turkish monitors. As in the case of the Thornycroft launch, of which we are to have a flotilla of thirty in the British navy, the torpedo is projected at the end of a spar, and is ignited either by concussion or by electricity. The Turkish ironclad at Matchin was the victim of two torpedoes of this class, the first of which, we. are told, was ignited by the crew of the launch by electricity, and the other on concussion with thé vessel attacked. TheseRussian torpedoes are said to be ihnocuous at a distance .of ten feet from the seat of explosion, and hence those in thé launch do not suffer much except from the water that is thrown into the air. From the fact that small batteries in the boat are used to fire the charges, we may safely conclude that their explosion is ' brought about by a platinum wire fuze, which, together with a few grains of fulminate, would determine the detonation of dynamite or guncotton. Each launch is provided with a pair of these spar torpedoes, carried, when not in action, on each side, running the length of the boat, and only on making an attack is one or other projected at the bow, the torpedoist being stationed behind a shield, or under an iron screen, where he can make his observations tolerably free from danger. In the case of moored toipedoes depending for their ignition upon electricity, many points of scientific interest have recently been brought to light. Some [experiments undertaken in Denmark two or three years ago showed most conclusively that dynamite torpedoes cannot be placed close together without incurring the danger of one charge bringing about the explosion of others. A dynamite torpedo of 1501bs ignited m ten feet of water, was found capable of exploding other charges at a distance of 300 feet by the mere vibration imparted to the water ; so that in constructing coast defences with dynamite torpedoes it is absolutely necessary to feeep them far apart from one another, .another point was also noted. A current electricity, if it emanates from a powerful electric machine, traversing one ofa bundle of wires, will induce a current in the other wires, and thus bring about the explosion of torpedoes other than that which the operator on shore desires to these faots particularly which have led to the development of a system of counter-attack, and have enabled our sailors to devise a means of defending themselves from the terrible sea-monsters. Both dynamite and guncotton are peculiarly sensitive to vibration—indeed their detonation, as we have seen, is brought about by no other cause; and hence a captain of a man-of-war by exploding countermines in his vicinity may soon get rid of any lurking torpedoes lying in wait for him, at any rate if they contain a nitro-glycerine compound, and so speedily clear a way for his ship. This is certainly subject for congratulation, for it seemed at one time as if the poor sador was absolutely defenceless aąainst these submarine abominations. A crinoline of spars and wire rope maybe employed , to catch the fish torpedo and explode the vermin harmlessly in its toils, provided the ingenious brute is not a very large one, and the net is at some distance from the ship ; but heavy moored torpedoes have been hitherto considered too dangerous to approach, so that marine countermining must prove invaluable. 1 ne spar or drifting torpedo cannot be dealt with by nets or booms alone, and in this case the only plan would seem to be to meet attack with attack and beat ott launches with other small boats. That all ironclads in time of war will have to be surrounded by lesser craft as a protection is a matter that we may now take for granted, as also that such vessels must be provided with some powerful means of illumination—the electric light, tor instance—to prevent swift, low-lying torpedo launches from approaching unperceived at night time. Special schools of instruction for acquainting officers with the science of electricity and explosives have for some time past been established, and there is w e^8C \ r f el ?- a naval P ower which has not paid attention to submarine warfare : consequently we may expect to see future battles upon the sea carried on just as much under water as above it. In this country we have a torpedo school on boaid H.M.S. Vernon at Portsmouth, while at the Royal Naval College at Greenwich instruction in the experimental sciences now forms one of the most important items in the curriculum. France has its naval torpedo school at Boyardville, where both officers and seamen are made acquainted with the principles of submarine warfare. Germany, as all the world knows, practised torpedo warfare to such good purpose seven years |go that the magnificent fleet of the French never once ventured to visit the coast of the Fatherland. Both at Kiel and at Wilhelmshaven are to be found torjpedo depots and a well-organised staff of instructors. Lastly the news comes to iw from Russia that the Czar has sanctioned the organisation of a distinct torpedo service, and two depots and instructional schools are to be formed at Kertch andCronBtadt, whence torpedo appliances are to be issued for the defence of the Baltic and the Black Sea. I«OTF L £ GBAP , HIC COMMUNICATION. — We the Telegraph Office that telegraphic communication between Tasmania Zi TZZ ay WtrdUab&abeBa; reat0red BENEVOLENT SOCKET*. —At the usual weekly meeting on Wednesday there were present—Messrs Ditcham (Ohairman). Baker M'Leod, Stephenson, Tyson, Farrelly, and the Secretary. One application for relief from a woman with three children was granted. Her husband is a worthless scamp, and she had not seen p t . fortn ¥ ht î on going to the Pokra Office to make enquiries she found he had that day received a sentence of a month for larceny. The Secretary stated that he had inquired into a case of misconduct on the part of an aged woman in receipt of relief. It had been stated she was seen intoxicated, which was true; but she was in a very decrepit state, had been a good servant to several families in town, and when she went to visit them had been given wine or spirits, and had been overcome. He did not advise the discontinuance of relief, as the woman was a very deserving character, and all the neighbors spoke well of her. In answer to a question from Mr Stephenson, the Chairman said no reply had yet been received from Mr Hemy Reed to a letter on the subject of the site, etc., for the proposed almhouses ; but his foreman, Mr Tyson, had sent for the plans, so that the matter was evidently under Mr Reed's consideration. It was reported that the man stated at last meeting as too ill to be moved to the hospital had since died, but his family had been relieved. The woman struck off the roll for keeping a grown-up daughter in idleness, pleaded that the girl had sore eyes, and had been informed the girl must go to the hospital or to service. Return of the number of persons relieved during the week ending Feb. 20 :—22 men, 63 women, 125 children. MAIN ROAD TO BRIDPORT.—Mr J. Fincham, the Government Engineer- in- Chief, accompanied by Mr J. R. Frith, Superintendent of Works, left town on Thursday to examine Hall's Track, with a view to decide whether that or the Pattersonia-road should be proceeded with first. DEATH THROUGH GRIEF.—We learn that the widow of Mr Richard Woolley, of Hobart Town, owner of the lost ketch Ethel Cuthbert, who is supposed to have been lost with the vessel, has died of grief in consequence of her bereavement. CIRCULAR HEAD.—By the ketch Fanny G. Spears and party have gone to explore at the Pieman. They are to be landed at the Whale's Head. D uring all the night of Monday a heavy storm of thunder and lightning occurred at Circular Head, with a fine rain, which was much needed. THE LATE FATAL ACCIDENT AT HOBART TOWN.—The inquest on the body of the young man Fawcett, who was recently killed on the railway line near the Hobart Town terminus, was resumed at Hobart Town on Wednesday. The evidence adduced did not throw much additional light on the facts which have already been detailed. The immediate cause of death was the shock induced by the severe injuries. It was proved that the boy said he had been pushed off the wagon by some man, but he did not mention who it was. To enable the police to produce another witness, the enquiry was further adjourned till the 28th instant. BRANDY CREEK.—We are surprised that our correspondent has not furnished us with an account of a teameeting which took place at Brandy Creek on Monday evening in aid of a Wesleyan Chapel erected by the residents by pri- vate subscriptions. We are informed that a large number of visitors from the surrounding districts and from Launceston were present, and that the afiair was a great success. A public meeting was held afterwards, Mr R. H. Price occupying the chair, at which nearly five hundred persons were present. The chapel is erected on the flat in front of the Cabbage Tree Hill, and is a neat Wooden building. There is some talk among the residents of erecting a school house also. CRICKET.—The following players will represent Northern and Southern Tasmania in the Colts Match, which was commenced on the Launceston Cricket Ground to-day :—North—H. Rock (captain), J. Westbrook, C. Still, F. C. Hobkirk, A. Archer, H. Mathieson, T. Archer, L. Hobkirk, M. Martin, C. Rock, and W. Sidebottom ; umpire, Mr W. Martin ; scorer, Mr R. S. Long. South—A. Hannaford (captain), H. Prior, A. Stuart, W. A. Stuart, — Hughes, — Hodgman, — Bogg, C. Taylor, W. Lovett, T. Lovett, and T. Molloy ; umpire, ..Mr A. J. Chapman. AN EXTRAORDINARY BERRY. — The Portonian, a humorous journal printed in Adelaide, publishes the following : " Berry Extraordinary."—Chief Secretary of Victoria—Graham Berry. As our political head — An Elder - Berry. In character at heart—A Black-Berry. To the eyes of civil servants—A Rasp- Berry. In the estimation of the Press of the colony—A Straw-Berry. By the impartial- public is thought a Goose-Berry. By his idiotic action of retrenchment is now become a Mul-Berry. The above is a bit of fun about Mr Huckster Berry. Graham Berry, as is well-known in Victoria, was a huckster for years in the Melbourne Paddy's Market. ... ST. ; JOSEPH'S BAWD. — St. Joseph's Band gave another of their , popular en- * the Public Gardeis Friday Zf knnl ab0Ut 800 P 0 °P le were pre- ?W Si" 0 ? 6 ,. 2 0 0 of these obtained their enjoyment cheaply by jumping the J garden fences After th e band hld EnltZ m A BeIeCtions {rom the operas Blo d nZ m astXÏUî 6 ^Tî « rlî.nlair „fil P® tl g łlt «WO ftHlldst W« m t! ne8luiu light (Which by- K a «««I than brilliant) £ * ê Iayed the "Soldiers' Blondin then commenced walking the rope, which he did to perfection, balancing iń the meanwhile on one leg, stepping across the and b^mgpole, W d o ™ in a style that drew great applause. He then îiïllînVX biB ba< *- and when about the centre of the rope sat down on the L ™ " 3 ' ™ th , e middle > a** then on îr m t^T h u e returned to the platform, and took a boy on his back across to the opposite platform. This feaf was witnessed amidst loud cheering Ind clapping of hands, and Bkmd"n finished his performance by walking bh^f0ldedb °th backwards and forwards. The soiree damante in the pavihon was well patronised, many being doubtless attracted by the prizes riven to the purchasers of tickets to the concert. There were ten of these, ranging from f 1 to 2s 6d, and these were distributed during a cessation of the dancing amidst great excitement. RELIGIOUS.-Mr Heniy Varley, the Evangelist, will preach at EvandaJe on Monday evening. WIND ENGINES—These engines are extensively used in the United States, and particularly are they valuable for puiiping purposes, many of the railway compS making use of this power to supply their reservoirs. In certain situations, such as the open prairie for instance, where more or less wind is a constant element, wind engines may be used for other work besides pumping such as grinding, chaffcutting, &c.; As storms are often severe, it is necessary that the engines should be strongly constructed and so designed as to relieve themselves from the force of the blast as rapidly as possible. Hence there is much ingenuity of design and excellence of workmanship. Halladay's patent windmils, manufactured by the United States Wind Engine and Pump Company, Batavia, Illinois, are made of various sizes, from one-man to 45 horse power. Therosette principle is adopted, but instead of being solid, there are a number of sections on transverse axes. These are held straight to the wind during work by means of a balance lever weight behind the milL When the wind increases, the centrifugal force overcomes Jthe weight, the sections nyopen and present their edges to the wrnd, and the mill is stopped or checked ; but so soon as the velocity decreases, the balance weight comes into play again, the sections assume their original position, or at least catch some of the wind, and the consequence of this self-regulation is that this mill works steadily in a comparatively high wind, when other mills have to be stopped. These engines might be very extensively used in raising water for farm and domestic purposes, and even for supplying small townships, j THE AUSTRALIAN JUVENILE INDUSTRIAL EXHIBITION.—We are pleased to notice that at this exhibition, which was opened at Ballarat on the 15th instant, several young Tasmanians have distinguished themselves by their exhibits. The Ballarat Star states that a map of Tasmania by A. T. Lunam " deserves mention for its intricate penmanship;" that a water-color painting of two dead birds by F. M. Archer, is "very well done;" and that a principal and pretty exhibit" on the first table in the hall, is " the raw silk with the silk-winding machines, one of which is made to work by wind, and was constructed by C. E. Smith, Launceston, a youth who never had any tuition in such matters." FISH IN A MINE.—Shrimps and small fish two or three inches long, of a bright Bilver color, continue to be pumped up from the Try Again Mine at Maryborough, Victoria. About twelve months ago a similar kind of fish was found in the sluice tank of the adjoining claim, the Duke, while cleaning it out. The shrimps, to all appearance, are identical with the ordinary kind, and are quite numerous. There is no means for them to reach the water course from the creek, as the mine is situated on a flat, and the water from it has cut its own channel through this .level ground and falls into the creek some distance below it. AN AWKWARD SITUATION.—A correspondent of "the South Australian Advertiser at Myponga states that a sheep dog which was missed on Sunday, February 3, was found on the following Saturday, five days afterwards, with its head jammed in a hollow log. The poor animal, which was still alive, had evidently got into this uncomfortable position in chase of an opossum, and had been unable to retreat. On being released the dog was given water and food, and in a short time was able to walk to its home about a mile distant. ACCIDENT g g s s w s i s g United Company, Sandhurst, VictorST? young man named Edward Rose^w^ ^f^.^f^ottomof the sha? w S Z l ^ m f?u th ' m the buckets for badmg, and the nature of his employment being very wet he had tied a bag round his neck and shoulders. About 7 Jclock he was coming up the shaft on the outside ot the bucket, when, on reaching the 400ffc level, a nail or splinter caught in the bas ano dragged him off the bucket, précipitai ing him to the bottom of the shaft, a distance of 300ft. Death must have been instantaneous, as, when his remains were brought to the surface, it was found that the skull was parted in halves, the trunk split in two up the centre, and the limba fearfully mangled. FRANCE AND THE EASTERN QUESTION.— The Paris Le Temps, alluding to a report that active intercourse was going on between Paris and London, with a view to the establishment of an understanding on the Eastern question, says it is perfectly certam that the French Government does not intend departing from its attitude of t0 play an affair ^tive part in Eastern AT DARNING STOCKINGS BY MACHINERY.— An ingenious contrivance, which puts even the knitting machine to the blush, is no w being exhibited in Germany. The machine for darning stockings is also adapted for mending coarse linen, and its working capacity is stated to be four times as much as hand labor in the same time : its cost is about £2. i„t A S HA v Ł , ENGE T0 MR GLADSTONE.—A late Jinghsh paper states that Mr Gladstone has been challenged by a man named Hopkinson, living in Derbyshire, to a timber felling match. Hopkinson would stake a sovereign that his tree would be dovrabeforeMrGladstone's. While regardas the challenge as a great compliment, Mr Gladstone says he at once gives in. Ihe hon. gentleman adds that he never had pretensions to excellence, and if he had them, by this time, from age and other causes, they would have been lost. AHORSE FRIGHTENED TO DEATH.—A strange occurrence took place on 16th inst. at a countiy town in Victoria. Five or six of Cooper and Bailey's circus elephants ware being taken to a lake for water, and when on the way were met by a horse. At this moment one of the animals swung its trunk about and screeched out, so frightening the horse that it fell down dead. The horse was a valuable one. A PLAIN-SPEAKING MINISTER.—Mr. Thomas Brown Young, who recently died in Australia, whither he emigrated, was a Methodist local preacher in the county of Durham. After preaching one Sunday in a Bishopwearmouth chapel, he announced that a prayer meeting would be held at the close of the service. Remembering that on a former occasion very few remained to pray, he added, " I hope that as many as can stay, will stay, but those who do not wish to stay let them go ; for the fire always burns brightest after the dirt is cleared out." Very few went away that evening. THEATRE ROYAL. — The old Theatre Royal is doomed at last, and despite its many imperfections and inconveniences it will be missed by many, and pleasant memories will be recalled of really first- class actors and actresses who have at one time or another appeared on its stage. On Monday evening the Mutual Gymnastic Company give an entertainment there, which will be the last within its walls, for on the 1st March, Mr D. Scott, the contractor for the erection of the new Oddfellows' Hall on its site, commences the work of demolition. Mrs. Scott-Siddons was desirous of engaging the Theatre during March, and bringing her dramatic company to Launceston for a season, but it was found impossible to accede to the application. We notice that all the scenery, &c.;, is advertised for sale, and this will be a good opportunity for an amateur club to secure it, with a view to future utility. Mr Scott is bound under the terms of the contract to have the new hall completed within six months from 1st proximo, and it will be an ornament to that part of the town, and greatly improve the property in the vicinity. Perhaps if the town continues to progress we may see a new and more suitable theatre erected here, but at present we fear lovers of the drama will have to wait. SUICIDE AT HAMILTON. —An inquest has been held at the Ouse, touching the death of a man named Caleb Bartlett, whose body was found hanging from a tree on the morning of the 10th instant. From the evidence it appeared that deceased cut the throat of his horse, burnt the saddle, and afterwards hung himself. Beyond the fact that deceased was not sober immediately before the tragedy, no reason appears to be assigned for the rash act. NEW TELEGRAPH STATION.—We are indebted to the Hobart Town operator for the information that a telegraph station has been opened at Victoria. Huon River. , A OŁBBGTMAN IN THECRICKET FIELD. —One consequence (says the Melbourne Herald) of the substitution of Bishop Moorehouse for Bishop Perry is the return of the Rev. Walter Fellows, to the cricket-field. About ten years ago he acquired some distinction playing witH the Melbourne Club, but his dyspeptic brethren could not endure the spectacle ot a hearty clergyman in the flannels displaying à fine bycepa, for Mr Fellows s prime qualification lay in vigorous hitting. So proper representation to Bishop Petry led to his withdrawal from the field, not on a mandate, but on a gentle hint; ilie interference was particularly stupid, because it Was universally recognised that Mr Fellows's presence led to a circumspection of. language and behaviour among young members. Bishop Moorehouse. it seems, considers the return ot Mr Fellows to the cricket-field not only allowable, but desirable. He has been playing with the Bohemians, and is likely to appear among the M.C.C. eleveu in off matches. AN ENORMOUS SNAKE.-The Towers Herald (a Queensland paper) of January 30 says —The past summer has not been very sensational in snake stories, and although they happen, they have never been placed before a public yho appreciate them An adventure that befel Mr Hogan at the Burdekin a day or two'since is, however, worth recording—more especially as it possesses thè merit, some times absent from these snake stories, of being true. The. gentleman in question was walking up from the river towards his house when he saw a twisting mass on the foothpath,- and on closer inspection it turned out to be a enormous tiger snake in desperate conflict with an equally huge black one. After a protracted battle, observed, of course, with much interest by the onlooker, the tiger reptile got the best of it and killed his adversary, whom he immediately proceed to devour. Mr Hogan went a short distance for a stick, and returning found the victor in the battle royal an easy prey, owing to the fact that he had swallowed some three or four feet of his dead rival. The tiger snake when dead measured between 14 and 15 feet, while the black snake appeared to be some couple of feet less. THE POLITICAL CRISIS IN VICTORIA.— The Melbourne Herald says :—'" We learn that the tightness in the money marketis beginning to make itself felt in an unmistakeable manner in business circles. Several causes are at work to produce this effect. Not only is the disposition general among aU classes of the community to restrict their expenditure to the smallest amount possible, but capitalists have for some time past manifested a marked preference for Queensland and Riverina securities over those in Victoria. Last week we heard of one sum of £50,000 going to Queensland Several other large loans are mentioned as in course of completion, the lenders being Victorian capitalists, and the borrowers residents of other colonies. Tliis is a matter of sincere regret, as dear money is a serious hindrance to the development of a new country. The pinch of the crisis lias even reached the boot factories. A number of the proprietors have found it necessary to reduce the. wages, on piece work, to the extent of one penny for each boot, upon the work of every employee. This reaches to something considerable by the end of the week. Some of the building societies have temporarily relaxed their laws in special cases, viewing the depressed condition of affairs. A conference of managers is likely to be held on the subject, so that it may be dealt with uniformly, if there be no change •within the next few days." A GHOST AT BALLARAT.—Some excitement has been caused in Ballarat for several evenings, about dusk (reports the Ballarat Courier), by the appearance of a real live ghost in Sebaetopol-street east. It appears that an eccentric old lady, living in the locality, peramulates around in the gloaming with a white sheet around her person, and the result is a congregation each evening of an excited crowd of youths, who make night ludeous in their attempts to scare the ghost. The quiet inhabitants of the neighborhood, however, object to tliis sensation, and are, we understand, determined to rid themselves of the ghost or her followers as soon as possible. DEATH OP MR. HENRY HOWE.—Our obituary contains the name of Mr Henry Howe, who died on 12th inst. at St. Kilda, near Melbourne, aged 74 years. Mr Howe will be remembered as an old and much-respected resident of Launceston, where he carried on an auctioneering business, first in partnership with Mr W. T. Bell, and subsequently by himself. Bodily infirmities compelled him to relinquish business, and some years ago he removed to Victoria. THE DEATH OP THE POPE.—The Ballarat Star of 14th inst. Bays :—''A special message, received from the Vatican, Bigned by the President of the Propaganda, states that the'death of the Pope took place at 6 p.m. on Wednesday, the Gth inst., instead of on the 7th, as stated in the telegrams transmitted to this : colony from London." -.FOR SAILORS.—A ; 6ail0rs'Resthasrecently been erèctëd toeto^fr the tad way and town pier8,Sandridgé, >under thé auspices of thé -committee'Of the Victorian Seamen's Mission.The"f'test" comprises reading and cóffeB tooms/ as well as a library, and will be free to seamen'of all nations, to secure whose ^preBfenee special inducements will be offered; The total cost of the building and fittings 5B about £300, of which nearly £200 has been subscribed. , • 1 ' ' ' ; A PUBLIC APOLOGY TO A WIFE.—-The following appears in thè Riverine Grazier: —"I, Thomas Natightón, hereby publicly acknowledge - that , I wrongfully blackguarded my wife, Mary NaUghton, for which I apologise, ,aud beg her to think no more of it." ' COAX IN' SOUTH AuiSTRAiiA,—The South Australian'Government ' have offered a bonus óf, £10,000' for the discovery of a coal-field within the limits of that province. Pie following are the conditions which will, have to be complied with to ensure thé ; payment óf thé reward " 1. The coal 'to be Of marketable' value, and the paine 'to be Withm 'such a distance of a port or railway as tó make, the coal raised from it valuable and UBefUl to the province. 2\. Thé discoverer to be entitled to a lease of the coal-field under the provisions of Part' VI. of the Crown Lands Consolidation Act. 3. The reward will be payable to the discoverer at the Treasury, in Adelaide, in.sums of £1,000"sterling each on every .1,000 tons of marketable coal being raised at the pit's mouth;" THE DEFENCES OP THE COLONY.—On Saturday, a deputation consisting of the Mayor of Hobart Town, the Hon. W. L. Crowther, M. L.C., David Lewis, Esq., ILEA., Alderman Harcourt, and Dr E. L. Crowther waited upon the Colonial Secretary with regard to the preparations for defending the colony from a hostile attack. The deputation urged the necessity of at once telegraphing home /or eithe Snider or Martini-Henry rifles, and of establishing a signal station at the mouth of the Channel, Port Arthur, or Fortesćue Bay. They also asked the Government to finish and arm the battery at One Tree Point, and to furnish an undress uniform for a rifle corps that is to be formed at once. The deputation was courteously received, and a promise was given that the rifles should be sent for at once, and that after the Cabinet had consulted immediate steps : would be taken to complete the defences. It is also proposed to form a torpedo corps in Hobart Town, and subscriptions are invited to provide a suitable vessel and apparatus to commence the manufacture and laying down of torpe- does.— Mercury. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE.—By a letter, received on Saturday morning, Captain Fisher gained the intelligence that the whole of the mills situated at Hastings, belonging to Messrs Fisher, Facy, p,nd Hay had been burnt to the ground. The letter from Mr Hay contained merely the brief announcement that the mills had taken fire at about half-past 2 o'clock ón Friday morning, and when he wrote the whole of the building was one . mass of smouldering embers. The buildings and machinery are insured for £1,100, biit this sum will not nearly cover the loss'that is sustained. By the unfortunate -occurrence about 200 people will be deprived of their daily bread, while many smallbarges, which trade between Hobart Town and Soutliport, with the intercolonial vessels also connected with the trade, will be thrown temporarily out of their usual employment. No information lias been * received as to the cause of the conflagration, but Captain Fisher is satisfied that. it has not been the result of incendiarism, but of pure accident.—Mercury. THE LATE ASSAULT AND ROBBERY.—On - enquiry at Bertram's on Sunday evening, says the Mercury, we were informed that Mr White, who was so brutally assaulted near his own house on Tuesday night last, is improving as much as can be expected, considering the nature of the wounds inflicted, and the great loss of blood experienced. The medical attendants are hopeful, but it -«011 be several weeks before it can be ascertained if the brain is affected, and the patient is very weak, though there are no symptoms of inflammation. PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION.—The Government of Victoria received by the English mail a letter from the Agent- General, stating that it had been intimated to him through the Colonial Office that a large portion of the Victorian exhibits at the Philadelphia exhibition, had arrived in England in a disastrously damaged condition, owing to bad packing in America. It appears that the small cases of wine had been opened and some of the bottles stolen, the parcels of stained glassware much injured, and the frames of photographs were damaged by breakage and damp. Owing to breakage the tins of preserved mieats required attention, the smell being most offensive. A quantity of bottles of - preserved fruit appeared- to have been abstracted, and seme of the ' samplë'a óf wheat had] through careless packing, been mixed. The hop pockets had been' injured by rats, and the collection of wax models and flowers were also much injured. are autliwiséd ;i tb îtiumo[Verifr merit'-liàvô'for 1 a long'' time considered'- war u inevitable; ! ' 1 Duiring 'thé'Taist' inohth, spite of the nbn-paastpg of the Forts and Armaments Bill' 1 andvthe Appropriation Bili; Mr'Berry has expended considerable sums' in thé purchase ' of war .stores'arid the manufacturé óf torpedoes.'.' The Cerberus has^éën'Tè'érttitëd^ô'her fall cómplemerit óf crew. and jnen. ;. ' All ' the available cannon', have ' been forwarded to Queenscliff. This, moriimg,.consequent upon thé war news,' Mr "Bérry puinmoried all the chief 1 military authóritifeą' injtowii tó consult with him aś tó thé stems' it will betieceasaryto'take." . 1 ' " ' •Ç^RE.—We learn that thé house at Marianne Creek, Whirlpool "Reach/ for some years occupied ; by Mr Skélly,'' wis burnt tó thé ground .bètwéefa' 3 'arid ' 4 a.m. on Sunday morning: The house is a ten-roojhèd weatherboard dwelling, pretty oia,'aria belonged tó Dr Mason. Attho' time the fire broke out Mr B. SkeTly was the Only pęreóń ïri the hótise, and he had tó escape through -the window, saving notlijtig.' The ' only house near is Mr Lutwyche's, on thé opposite side of the creek, arid the residents there were quickly, roused arid on the spot, but were unable to do anything to chećk the flames, as the .building was . so" dry it burnt likë ; a heap óf matchwood. We belive thè building was ; insured in thé Liverpool and London arid Globe Co. "A FELLOW FEÏXING," ETC. — On Thursday morning, as one , of the officers, at the'Peritridge Stockade "was" passing through a crop of mangolds, ho found/a bag containing a large quantity of tobacco, tea, sugar, and other articles which had been placed there, it is supposed, by some discharged prisoner for the inmates of the prison. The articles were made up in separate parcels and directed to certain well-known characters.—'Argus. J' VISITORS. — Dr . Bećcari, the Italian naturalist and director of the Florence Museum, and a New Guinea explorer, accompanied by Capt. D'Albertis, a cousin of thé well-known explorer of the same name, are now in Tasmania, and making a tour of the island. . A TYRANNICAL MINISTRY.—MRM'Intyre gave an instance yesterday, (says the Melbourne Argus of 13th inst.)- of what he termed» the autocratic disposition of the " People's Ministry.'' À young man at Sandhurst, m the Railway office, wxote to him, and he transmitted the letter to the Minister, and the reply he received was that if the young man wrote to a member of Parliament he would be suspended. "Yes," interjected Mr Woods,." I will saćli him next." "This,' gentlemen," exclaimed Mr M'Intyre, "is a' specimen of the reign of terror now prevailing. The civil service is demoralised. Men dare not call their souls their 'own." Mr M'Intyre concluded with à remark that Mr Woods should know better, for he had been a civil servant, and had been dismissed himself. The hit was applauded so loudly in the House and straiigers'.gallery that Mr Woods's retort was, for the most part, unheard or misunderstood. " Yés," he said, pointing to ex-Ministers, "those men dismissed me, and I have had my revenge." ;JUVENILE EXHIBITION.—The Australian Juvenilelridustrial Exhibition was Opened at Ballarat on Friday. Thé exhibition is held in the Alfred-hall,, a commodious building well suited for the purpose. An attractive and interesting collection of articles, all the work of youths under the age of 21, has been gathered together, His Excellency Sir George Boweri, who was accompanied by Lady Bowen and other lriembers o£ the family was present, and performed the ceremony of opening thé exhibition. In reply to-an address from the executive committee, Sir George Bowen delivered an elaborate discourse upon the advantages of culture. In the evening the vice-regal party was entertained at dinner at the Town Hall. His Excellency made a long speech, of which we can only say that it would have been passable if he had been a candidate for the representation of Ballarat on the Ministerial side.— Argus. MUSICAL UNION.—It is announced that Balfe'8 beautiful opera of the Bohemian Girl will be given by the Musical Union on Tuesday, 12th March. THE ECLIPSE.—On Sunday evening the sky was extremely cloudy, and was altogether unfavorable for viewing the lunar eclipse. It was, however, occasionally visible, first at about 8 p.m., when the southern portion of the moon's disc was obscured, and again later in the evening, when the shadow was passing to the northward. A PERIL TO PAWNBROKERS.—At the Dunedin Resident Magistrate's Court recently, Mr Bathgate, R.M., in granting an application' for. renewal óf a pawnbroker's license, mentioned that • a deci-- śion at ''home ón the question of pawnbrokers had attracted his notice. It had been'decided that when a married woman pawned' goods' without th'é sanction of' her husband he could claim them from the pawnbroker without "liability for' payment. jWBŚ held at Hobà^T<iWW,iBtli inSk ."ta jl^Tsdfetóri/toijorier, !df 'Oâbtàin ! 'Jofeph* Lii^j' who jdicft suddenly : Sftrâli liicèiàj mdoW ót/déc^éiL depose^ 'thiat she lately rfesided with' her TiUBpiand, 'at îier father's - łibuśiś..;<ÔH ^ûeBilay;'. hę iłOtti^finS- About' -thé 'toWn^M j •returned home 'between 8 atid 9j îri tno •eveiuDg^not sobfer. He âskfed fór som^ icłflbrodyńe and -witness jgàvài.' ' some j hè *had been in the iia'bit' of taMng ęUćffió* jdyneàîter excessive drinking, arid witness is'ent' 1 loir some at • Drake's'that ( evening^ !arid;jgbt V ne# bottle;' "She gave. ïim 30^ idropsin awirié-glàssof water.'!' Hethfen. •Went łó bed—about 9 o'clock. Witness; piay doirà'. afterwards and went to wee^f", butwas «woke by her husband's hard heavy breathing. between 2 and 3 o'clock jnéxt morning. Witness lighted a candle, land observed that the bottle óf chlorodyne Ład been removed from where sliè had: jput it oyer nigŁiłi/to' 1 tliè bottom 'of tha^ jtablè} àhd «uspeètirig" 'something was jtréong, shé called Tier father. Deceased îwaslyin^ on. his baèk'in^eiisibtë, and wit-' jnesscoivld not rouse him. "Thé doctor |w;as sétit for and Dr Bright came.' Dr, jAgnfewLad. beëii' serit'for/ but could jao$* çomfe'. ' He prescribed an emetic whîçlïiwas 'procured' at Brake's. Tlie etnetic did hot operaté,and the deceased got worse, after taking it j' he never seemed to rally, ; but died about quarter-past 4 that (We'd? : jneąday) mo*nîng. : ; 'Dr Bright deposed {that he had had the contents ..of thechlo-' rodyrie : bottlë ' carefully ' : weighed ; and' measured; The deceased in ust haVe .taken ' 'fluid drachms and 5 minims' weighing 4 draćhmB and 22 grains. Chlorodyne ,conpihs chloroform, "prussic acid,' morphia,. fethér, ' and other ingredients' of a less ' jdàngerous character. The jury returned ' a verdict of accidental death, caused by • taking an overdose of chlorodyrie. ' The poroner expressed the hope'that the case would prove a warning to thé public'as to ' the use of chlorodyne. . - . ' , - " : THE ; WEATHER.—Monday was in- ' tensely warm, the. atmosphere having ' that moist, sultry feeling which is pe- ' culiarly oppressive,. About midnight heavy clouds began, to roll up from the : northwards,and flashesof distant lightning 1 followed one another in quick succession;.' About 2 a.m. the' lightning grew' more vivid as the thunderstorm approached the ' town, and the . thunder began to be heard. For some three- quarters of-an. hour a. brisk .play; was kept up by the " artillery of Heaven,"and then a heavy, soaking rain fell for some three hours, cooling the atmosphere, and refreshing' the 1 parched ground. During -the storm a flag- staff, about sixty-feet high, in the garden of Mr E. Dickins, Windmill Hill; - was struck by lightning and split from ' top to bottom, and a number of splinters' scattered about in:all directions. We" have not heard of any other damage done ' by the lightning, but it is very probable that we -shall do so froih the country districts. In Hobart Town On' Monday the weather was oppressively'; close, and . was followed by heavy" rain' : during the night. THE LUNAR ECLIPSE.—Our Campbell Towp correspondent • writes :—" The eclipse of the moon on Sunday last was • seen to advantage, hèrè (in Campbell Town) from the time the moon rose (partly, in! penumbra) to the end of the eclipse. The first contact with shadow was observed precisely at the predicted time, 7h. 33min. At first the part of the moon in shadow was completely obliterated, being • of the same cold gray color aB .the general field of the telescope. As .the . moon's altitude increased, however, and the shadow progressed over Tier face; this cold gray was gradually exchanged for. a. coppery tint, and the general illumination of the disc being toned down, the: whole face became distinctly visible. The large grey plains (socalled- seas) appeared in rather exaggerated contrast. • Many of,; the principal crktérs were- distinctly visible ; one especially, Flamsteed, appearing markedly brighter than any other portion of the shaded surface of the moon. The shadow just reached the centre pf the floor ofthe premier crater, Iycho, at- 9 o'clock, and then began to recede. The shadow extended over slightly more than eight-tenths of the moon's diameter." THE PRINTERS ON THE SPREE.—The New Year holidays occasionally interfere with the publication of newspapers in remotely rural quarters in New Zealand—• so much so that, after a fortnight's-absence of any issue, the editor has given the equivocal explanation that, in conse- ' quence of the public being otherwise;' engaged, it has not been thought neoes- ' sary to publish reading matter for their perusal. The Lyell Jrgus lately suspended ; animation during the same'''festive interval, and thus statesślie reason why :— " Uphold the Right. Saturday 12th i January 1878. Though late we wish ouc^ many readers ; A Happy New Year, and more especially Our subscribers..So as to . enable them - to pay up regularly. ' Wfe 1 desire our readers to pardon any short- 1 ' comings this issue, 1 The Printer having ' taken a holiday trip, was late iń ; returning, and our staff is ' limited.' " 