ANOTHER PASTORAL. Dr. Vaughan has favoured his clergy and people with a new Pastoral . - It- was ; appointed to be read 'in all the churches in the diocese of Sydney, and;the forlorn diocese of Armidalej. on the Sunday before last; but whether .or; not. the clergy have yet got through it, -we do not know :j, at any rate,' so; long 'and laboured was it, that the pages of Freeman took two .week's issues to give it to its readers. It is a: Pastoral, on a the first encyclical of Leo XIII.' '' Leo, that is, Peter, speaks; but he; speaks, not 'to the people, but to the bishops;;; and then the , bishops, in their pastoral letters, , explain the gracibns message of Peter to the clergy and ! the clergy, .then .read the pastorals to the people. This is Papal red tape. and cir cumlocution office procedure; and this is thought to be plainer' and more intelligible than God- speaking in the Scriptures directly to the people !' Like all the pastorals of Dr. Vaughan which we have hitherto exposed, this one is abundantly vapid and wordy ; but we confess that however trashy the reasoning and paltry the calibre of the former ones, this one is silly and drivelling to an extent beyond contempt. We ourselves are ashamed of it, as a farrago of sounds and words and fables ; and we cannot conceive of any intelligent Roman Catholic in the community feeling otherwise than as un comfortable after the reading of it. Dr. Vaughan goes over the encyclical of Leo for the purpose of breaking it down into crumbs for the feeding- of the " faithful people," who must receive it as the gospel of God ! He takes special care, to tell everybody that the new Pope , is equal to the old one, in the particulars of being competent to deal with the " in trigues and, duplicity, of men." . He also points out that the new Pope, just as the old one did, places all his dependence on the intercession of Holy Joseph and the Blessed Virgin,. believes in the, immacu late' conception of Mary, and appeals to her as the great intercessor who .will be able to " touch the heart of an all merciful God and cause him to cast a, merciful; eye on His church, and make His church victorious !" , , Of course, too, Dr. Vaughan expatiates on " the Church." St. Joseph is . referred to as the celestial patron of the Church, and Peter and Paul as the keepers of the Church, the blessed Vii'gin as the great ad vocato ' and intercessot- of the Church ; and all these are to be prayed to and entreated,: that , they may get victory for the Church over all her enemies; The Church.is that " living world-wide ; polity by means of which man is to make himself fit for heaven !" It, is that "mighty system " " so unique in its expansiveness and unapproachable in its influence that it is one beautiful above the sons of men in whom the fulness of the godhead dwells corporeally !" Then Dr. Vaughan tells his people , thait the .promise of the spirit was given, to; the;,',' great \ leaders,) of the new Institution,! ff the Church;;" not to the people, not to the humblest of believers, but to the " great leaders of the system";" and. that .the spirits /coming ...do wn " filled that great system which is to assist men in gaining a., happy immortality !" Dr. Vaughan then goes on to show what has been the power and fruit, of the working of the Holy Spirit in the great leaders of the great, system ; and he gives us . what he calls, in his own pompous language (which of course must, be.very plain , to the thou sands . of ignorant Catholics who have heard it read by their .pastors) a "few examples in the concrete, of the workings of the Holy Ghost in the/Christian polity, the great system, the Church." We here under give the said " concrete " examples of what the Holy Ghost does , in the Popish Church , St. Paul, the hermit, lived on a few oats, and, a little water, and fought sleep as he would a tyrant. St. Hilarion, who when fifteen years of age, went naked into the wilderness : though armed ' with Christ," and whose countenance --beamed' with a' heavenly radiance', ; lived in a morass; with; gnats, and flies amidst seeds and rushes.; . Peter the Simple became a hermit when sixty-eight.; . Paplinutius, whose eye was pulled out in the persecutions, was brought 'up in a hermitage. Amnion was . twenty-two', '-'-years in . the desert, Serapion only wore a piece of . linen about his .loins. St Onuphrious was seventy., years in the; wilderness. Spyridiqn /was' 'a shepherd in' the' Isle of Cyprus. ; Abbot Mark was shut up in a cave . thirty years. . Didymus - dwelt ninety years alone. Abbot John lived three years on a bare rock, without .covering/ :;iu a mournful solitude. Auxanon; when a child, inhabited a mountain cave. James of Nisibis .'lived "for. years in caverns and forests, on roots and leaves, clothed in a goat-skin. / St. Auxentius. dwelt on a wild mountain, and St. Zeno in a tomb. But it'; would 'take; too. long;. to enumerate' even the leading heroes of' the Church in the early days imitation. . What Paul began was continued by: St.: Anthony, , the;; great giant lover of .Christ, and by Marcarius. and Pachomus, and Moses, ' arid; Arsenius and the ' Pillar Saints,', and the "great 'Watchers' and ' Gazers ' on the' world' unseen. So early as St. Anthony's time) St. Athanasius tells us in his life of- that Hermit, ' the cells in the mountains were like tents filled with divine choirs, singing, -and discoursing, fasting, praying, rejoicing over the hope of the .future. . .' . So that anyone seeing the cells and- such an array of monks, would have cried out and said : .How fair, are thy, dwellings, 0 Jacob ; and thy tentSj O', Israel, like shady groves, and 'like ' parks beside' ii river.' arid the terits which the Lord'hathi'pitched, arid like the cedars by the waters. " ' vy ' Now, we ask not so much our . Protest- ant readers, as our intelligent Roman Catholic friends, if they can read this trash with a grave face, as an illustration of true religion, and as an exhibition of the power of the Holy Ghost in the Church? These fables and traditions may be well enough for ignorant clodhoppers and children, to fill them with supersti- tious- fear and wonder about the greatness of the Church ; but does not everyone of them appeal to the common sense of intelligent men as a disgusting insult and an impudent, mockery? And then, if these examples are the power of the Holy Ghost; and the proofs that the Romish Church was the true Church of Christ, what is to be said now, when the world has got intelligent enough and the Church . has got knowing enough, to make such " concrete examples of the power of the Holy Ghost" and " concrete proofs of the true Church " so scarce and impossible that they cannot be found? When the miserable infatuated creatures above- named lived the Church -of Rome may have had the Holy Ghost ;' but if such miserable creatures are not now found in the Church, what is to be inferred but the very opposite of what Dr Vaughan" wants to prove?' If the dirt and ' filth and vermin of the unkempt lunatics whom Dr. Vaughan exhibits as " concrete examples" of saints were, the proofs of piety and the fruits of the power: of the Holy- Ghost, as well as the proofs that the Church of Rome/is the true' Church, what is to be said now, since not a single saint of this description is to be, -found- in New South Wales, not even in St. John's College, where Dr.' Vaughan himself lives, nor - in ; any' of the palatial residences of -, the Roman Catholic bishops throughout these colonies ? Let us see. " Paul the hermit " showed the power of the Holy Ghost, and that the Church 'of Rome is the true Church, how ? "by living on- a few oats and a little water, and by fighting sleep as he would a tyrant." Well,- what is the use of tell ing us about a concrete Paul the - hermit, when ! wo should be very much more im pressed with a concrete example of Dr. Vaughan? Does Dr. Vaughan live on a few oats and' water, and does he fight sleep as a tyrant? or, has "he not the power of the Holy Ghost? We think that "the concrete: example which Dr. Vaughan gives us is this— " a fine carriage, a well- fed look, a splendid gold cross, a luxurious and comfortable bed, a good palace; and a well-stocked cellar with - all the good things of this " evil world !" -Then, again;; what is the use of' telling us about a Saint Hilarion as a concrete example of the power of the -Holy Ghost, and- a concrete proof of the true' Church? Let us see Rather Sheridan in the character of a second' edition- of the : Hilarion" saint. ; We are willing to excuse '.him from " walking naked into the wilderness." Let us see him walking with his bare head, bare 'feet, with shaven beard, and . with a- coarse sack covering his body. Let us see him 'selling his horse and buggy ; and giving the money; to the building of St. Mary's; living on oats and water, and never using a knife and fork: - And let us suggest to him- --to walk; 'not into the " wilderness;''; but up on the "race-course" for one week-; : and then -probably, we. shall believe ' in his true Church ; and we shall guarantee that the Orange boys and other larrikins will not laugh nor cheer, but respectfully take off their hat to - the con crete saint who has the' Spirit's power ! Dr. Vaughan praises the madman " Hilarion " " who lived among gnats and flies, seeds-and rushes." How is it then that Dr; - Vaughan and all his priests, as well as his faithful Jennings, have mosquito nets round their beds, and use fly covers over their dishes and larders to prevent' their suffering the inconvenience of 'flies'? - : He also praises the " Pillar Saints;"- - who stood for years on ' the top of a pillar, as an'/illustration of the power of \- the " Holy Ghost, and . a proof '-that the Church of Rome is the true Church. Had those pillar lunatics lived in our day they would have been kindly taken to Tarban Creek; and had' Blondin, the famous wire rope-walker, lived in- the days of the " pillar saints," undoubtedly we should had by this time a ' concrete example ' of Saint Blondin referred to by Dr. Vaughan as a proof that the Church of- Rome is the true Church ; for if the famous Stylites showed the power of the Holy Ghost by standing on a pillar, why not St. Blondin show the same power by walking and' dancing and cooking on a rope sixty feet high? But enough. The whole thing is an imposture and an insult. That Dr. Vaughan should degrade himself to commit' such rubbish to ' paper',' and order his priests to read it in the churches ; and that he should ask Judge Fawcett, Mr? Jennings; Mr. Duncan; 'the students of St. John's; including the famous Nova' Menœvia, to believe such imposture -as the gospel; arid the fruits of the Holy Ghost's- power, and the evidence that Rome is the new Jerusalem, is- to- us one of two' things viz, either of Dr. Vaughan's audacity,- -.or of his perfect knowledge "that his people are supremely' stupid.'- . Our -'Protestant readers, how- ever, have ''here ' an illustration of what the glorious' Reformation-has'?done /for, them. . Let them' look at the " hole of the pit from', which they have been delivered." Yes, and it is that glorious Reformation which has rid the world of all ' the Pauls and Hilarions and Stylites, whom Dr. Vaughan would -like to galvanize into life again; "It- is'not because the- Holy Ghost has been withdrawn— it is not because' his " power " has been " worked out,"' that Sydney and New South Wales have not produced a single saint of the Hilarion and Stylites description : but because the light, of the Reformation has made such lunacy impossible. Not even Dr Vaughan, nor Father Sheridan, nor Father Berming- hamj : nor -Father Collingridge, nor any other, bold and impudent as all these are; in '-their several places, dares to -act the saint amongst us. They know 'that if they were to get fond of mosquitoes and lice and .nakedness- and, leaves and goat skins and pillars and caverns and.caves, a generous Protestant public would kindly take' hold of them, put them to bed, send for Dr. Gillhooley to administer cordials to them, and, perhap, ask- some St. Vin cent nurses to soothe them as the veritable "sick 'poor" whom they labour to "re cover ! Dr. Vaughan has requested the Herald people to state, and, the llerald people have graciously : and gratisly- announced the fact, as a fact deserving of being sent through the country for common information,; viz., that on and after the 1st. of October, the highest class of ecclesiastical music only shall be ren dered iu the cathedral. In order that this command of his Grace may bo obeyed and carried ont, that on Sundays and all holy days only, the highest music, may.be rendered,' his . Grace has appointed a special: committee- consisting : of . Dean Bord, Mr. Jennings, W.. A. Duncan, Dr. Donovan, and some others ; and the choir is to be reconstructed and arranged, and placed under the control and guidance- of those gentlemen. What the Herald has to do with this matter,, we don'.t know. How such a matter as this fell within", the province of a secular paper we cannot conceive, unless, ' indeed, by supposing that it is seculdr malter,.nhd thatjit is in ,the way of 'business. to humdur' his-)Grace by making announcements of this "descrip tion.' - Quite so.' 'Th'e thing is explained ; but at the same time, .we suspect that if the other churches were to send a '-"mes sage to the Herald people, that "on and after a certain date they would sing' Sankeys . hymns . and sing , sitting, " the Ilerald would politely answer that such matters were outside ' the scope of a secular, newspaper. But, look;; at the thing announced. Ilis Grace is resolved to make his cathedral- as much a .theatre or 1 show box or concert room as possible. Only the highest ecclesiastical music i3 to be rendered. The words in latin!, and the music the most difficult and artistic to , be .found, and consequently. the choir- is to be -composed of the most skilled-.professionals. -Will-" the singing be "praise ?" Will: the 'people have any share in it ? ' Will they be ' able to join ? : Will' they" not be for bidden to take part in it, and 'bo -com-.-„ ,. manded only to listen and admirej Wat a;# performance of the professionals -Axriew; f proof therefore jyill herein be giveri of the differerice between New Testament .wor- - ship and' Popish worship, and of 'the con-.-., trast between New Testament praise and the praise of St. Mary's. Some time ago we suggested that Dr. Vaughan should send home to England for the " ugly fat friar with a wonderful voice," who, when he sings charms like Orpheus even the very pillars and benches of the chapels into sympathy with him ; and he so casts the preaching of Monsignor Capel into the shade tliat the ec'clesiastic has become jealous of the highest ecclesiastical singer. But the whole" of this is sorry religion. The priests will do the praying, arid the choir wili do the singing, and the people . will get .the ; full benefit, provided, /they will suitably pay tlie> piper..> :i v<- As the fact.is. admitted that the -great majority -of Romish people, are poor,the question is fairly asked, why is it-so ? If an Irish priest answer, his answer -will be this, " The oppression of the English and 800 years of Sassenach tyranny.", If a French- priest answer, he will say, " be cause of the Revolutionists, and- inter nationalists-" If a Spanish priest answer, he will say, " because poverty is a virtue," and, " was it not unto the poor that the Gospel was preached ?" If a Jesuit answer, he will say, ' because all the \- saints are/ poor," and " rich men cannot enter into the blessedness of heaven.' And, if our Dr. Vaughan, or his gaol chaplain, answers, he will say, " because the Catholic people are separated from the pollutions of the world !" The right answer is not far to find. If the wretched poverty of the- Irish Papists were the only instance of Popery and rags going to gether, " the 800 years of their oppres sions " by the -English might have some colour of truth but when the same thing is seen all over the world, the English cannot have anything to do with it. Poverty in Ireland is paralleled - by poverty in Italy. Poverty in Italy is paralleled by poverty in Spain. Poverty in Spain is paralleled by poverty in Chili or any other part of South America: And so, as in all these countries Popery, and squalor go together, the reason, must be that there are principles in Popery which breed the rags and dirt and poverty. This reasoning is still further strength ened by the curious fact that the Popish parts of any country when compared with the Protestant parts, present the very same-evidence that Popery is the cause of rags and ignorance and poverty. Com- pare the Popish parts' of Ireland with', the Protestant parts, and you , will see that while there, are -thrift and industry and cleanliness and comfort in the : Pro- \- testant parts, in the Popish ones there are the usual accompaniments of squalor, hovels, and rags. This has been remarked also in any Irish city where the people are mixed. Take Dublin itself. 'If there be one .part ,of the city where rags and dirt and poverty hold perpetual sway, be sure that that part is chiefly, inhabited by Irish Papists., Go to Scotland, and ex amine Glasgow, Dundee, and even Edin burgh, and the same fact will- everywhere be seen. . Take Switzerland, and the same thing - is so marked and obvious that travellers, say -that they can tell as they pass- from a Protestant canton into a Popish one, by ' the proofs of thrift , and cleanliness and comfort and savings in the; former, and - by decay and rags and: dirt and poverty in' the other. Why,, then, ..is 'it ? We say that Popery is the cause ; 'and it works -in this way. Popery crushes the independent and self-reliant spirit of its victims. - It fosters ignorance among the common people. It makes the common people" craven, cringing, begging,, and 'dependent on others. It tells them that "sanctity " is connected- with rags and dirt and poverty., It herds them like- cattle 'and swine.' It "gives tllem plenty; of holidays and, saints days instead. , of keeping - them- at industrial/, work. And then, it fleeces them of -the most- of " what they get- by, the most . burdensome exac-: " 'tions r and' extortions "for, the glory, "of the, priesthood, which , is , always , wealthy .-. and hixurious even - amid the squalor of ' the surrounding people. ' Even ! in Sydney, there is 'evidence of all this.' "Popery robs and peels the, people for. the glory/ of the church, i As they have not been skinned enough hitherto the' process is now to go on 'with greater vigour. Money is going to he drawn out of them by every avail- able means. They are going to be hunted by ah army of tax-gatherers,, and then ' with ' the offers of heaven and , purgatory -and' indulgences they are going to be co cu pelled to give up -their money. . And while - the poor are thus to be oppressed arid/impoverished, "the church," is going to, live, as grandly as ever fine carriages and well stocked cellars and groaning tables are to be enjoyed by " the church and then expensive music and operatic singers are to be produced on Sunday, to enchant the people to give still more money"!— These remarks have been sug gested by the news which has come to us from Chili, by the last mail. The- ignor ance and superstition of the people there we exhibited last week in their devotion to, the image of St. Sebastian, which had been dragged from the chapel and burned with fire. Priests and people wept because their idol had been taken away. And when it was found a charred mass lying in -the sririd, it was carried back to its. chapel with religious , devotions-r-the priests excommunicating and sending to perdition- the sacrilegious wretches who had defiled their saint, and the people .giving a' shout of pagan joy .that their -saint had- come to his home- again!.- The news- further tells .us that the,, people ,;of the »place -ares wretchedly poor ; iyet- those poor people have been-kriown.to" deposit in- one. year ; in the boxes, at the, foot of the-idol eleven- thousand , dollars, jas .votive gifts ;;to:-:him for his own special use in heaven, ,in releasing souls from purgatory - No .doubt, during last year, infatuated and poor. as the people are, the votive offerings have . been less. - Some light of Protest antism, some influence of heresy, has had the effect of lessening the income of the saint. And the burning of the . saint is the coup ile grace. But here in Ghili, in every part of the vast Popish paradise of South America, the same fruits of Popery are seen which abound in the old coun tries of -Europe and Britain. Popery and rags ; religion and dirt; devotion and ignorance ; degraded people and luxurious priests ; a' counti'y ruined and a church;in splendour these are cause and effect. Yet we are asked to believe that Popery is, the true religion ! . - : Tiie setting up ,of the Papal. Hierarchy in Scotland,- which may now be : regarded as an. accomplished fact, is :a new illustra tion of the value : of;' wakefulness on the one -hand, and the loss of sleepiness on the other. v; From the time of the Reforma tion,, when Popery, was beaten -back,, the: plotting: was - begun to - recover/its position again. - It - kept its eye on ; England and Scotland, and it 'was incessant .. in its underground -sapping -and -mining to get into these favoured -spots again. By its unionby -its policy— by its complaining —by its agitation— by .its - falsehood— by its hy pocricy— and by its -political -weight, it- --has,, made itself -felt- and -has gradually ; forced itself into prominence. The - Are was : putunder ; but it continued tosmoulderand spread, although it never broke: out .into , a flame..:-- The enemy was crippled ; : but .lie speedily bound up his wounds and began to lay his. plans and push -his objects, even with his bandages on. But, besides this earnest resolve: and incessant/ labour, on /the part of, Popery, -to stand ; again in its lost, position, there was this, of equal importance, to the .result,- a criminal spirit of sloth, among the Protestants, a desire to . take things kindly and easily, and an infatuated .purpose to be " charitable " to \- the . ".poor Papists "who have a " perfect right to civil .and religious liberty. . With this idea the Protestants not only resolved to take a nap, but they even arranged that during their napping;; every- facility should be j given.; to/the Romanists, to, gain their - object and crow,- over their victory !— First : of all, it was the. policy of the Papists to ' assure - the British,. G.oyernment that the fears and doubts which the Reformers had : expressed : against the dogmas and loyalty ' of Popery ' were unfounded. They suc ceeded j/by false .wearing /and:, false vpro- ;mises ; . and jhence came out-the : Catholic Em ancipation Bill This, as & > " healing measure, "a measure of justice; was gob by fraud ; and the proofs of the, fraud very: speedily appeared ;- tor immediately it .was \- taken ,as a vantage, t ground pn which to: push farther the object of the Church; and' creep a little closer to - .the, position which; had- -been lost , By /fresh.-, imposture/ and , ne.w falsehood and-;the holding out of new' /hopes, the Maynooth: Grant'- was, obtained.' The Romish, priests were .educated abroad, _ generally in France ;; but / if- only they; were educated in> Ireland; and by Govern ment; aidj'i they would surely be more loyal- to the, country which fed them, and they would, feel an interest in; the quietness -of Ireland. Bub the result has showed that Maynooth was a nursery of sedition and disaffection ; and every priest who has .been educated there may well , be- suspected of being, a traitor in the camp. But ' it was . a/new vantage ground for still more valuable approaches to the recovery of lost ground. Then came the repeal of numer ous laws and safeguards for the Protest antism of the country ; and every conces sion was a new reason for demanding more. Agitation and riot and threatened rebellion did the work of keeping Ireland as a running sore that should not be healed, that could not be healed until still greater advantages were gained.. Then came treachery and fraud in the English universities that the way might be prepared for assaults and sapping from within. Then came the Papal Aggression, when from the Flaminian gate the decree went forth that England should be restored to; her ancient place in the Papal firmament' and towards the "centre of unity." .The, sappers without, and the sappers within ; the agitators in the pai'liament and the traitors in the Church, made a united move ; and the consequence was that the citadel was almost- taken; at- least; -hun-- d reds of safeguards have been take'n away5;- serious breaches -in the wallB have Heeri1 made ; every buttress and. bulwark has been- loosened and rent ; - and the enemy- sees;1 with1 -exultant hope,"that the final j victory is very near. Why' sp 1 Because i even - Scotland lias been tried and ' found' wanting. - It is found that-even her double built ' walls may be sapped" und broken. It is found that even her' sentinels have been " taking their naps. Arid the same Aggression which has done so much -to recover England has begun' iri -Scotland; not perhaps with the same hope of speedy success, but .with a certain hope that- success will at length come. — See the fruit of the two policies ; - Popery ever active; grasping, and airibitious ; arid 'Protestantism" loving . to lie " down and slumber ! No doubt, in Scotland now, as was the case in England some years ago when Cardinal Wiseman appeared, the sleep is disturbed: The- Scotch are rubbing 'their eyes, and- asking, " What's up?" They are. -indig nant' that their country/should be invaded by bishops > and cardinals - who had 1 been ordered; off and warned most/ solemnly never to return. ' They are ashamed when they discovered that the walls in, which they trusted for the keeping of thePopeout haveproved api'otectionofsand,'for the Pope has ' entered' with his flags flying. They are scolding and " flighting " and blaming everybody s but. themselves, because they see the Pope's troops already settled' 'in quarters of chief- advantage, - with high generals at their head ; but the question is this : " Who is to blame 1" , Why was it- that the Act in. 184 6 .-was not under- ; stood'? ' - Why was it that not" one was far-seeing enough to ; know, how the Act would be applied 1 Why was it that no sentinel understood that the passing of that . Act - / would /-be equivalent to the giving the 1 Poper the' keys to enter ; the gates which had been- shut and locked . by the sturdy old Scotsmen at the Reforma tion time and at the union of- Scotland with -England ?'Not one awake. " Johnny Cope was not wawking yet." And so now the Papal Hierarchy is set up, and the Pope and his generals are laughing in their sleeves at the devilish way in which they -have got into Eden. — The country has, been betrayed by '? sleepers." It is the old experience, " the enemy- sows tares while men sleep." -Protestantism" ceased to protest — Protestantism ceased to aggress —Protestantism, instead of seeking how to convert the Romanists, sought how she might live with them in peace, and let 'them alone in their Popery— Protestantism began to think of - " charity ".instead "of " no quarter "— Protestantism began to think that the Reformers had mistaken the nature of the system which they had driven out as a curse, and had /been too much alarmed -at. its seductions and- claims —Protestantism began to think 'that it would be wiser ancl kinder arid more phristlike, than its fathers who had. spoken of -the; system as the, pollution ot ; their ; church and the' bane of their nation- Protestantism began to dally with'Popery, not as a political system which . cannot :but . degrade the -people under it and rob them of then-liberty; but as: only ' a mis-; taken- form' of 'religion, harmless in" itself, ' and easily" exposed; by the,., increase of intelligence — and ' what now is: the conse- /quence l; Why, not -ten in a hundred of the 'Protestants of" Scotland' know- what .Pro-' ' testantism is; or what it has done ! : Not .one in- a hundred of the/ Protestants - in ) Scotland know,- what Popery is; and what = it will do !,: Some are ; anxious only that the poor Papists should not be persecuted for their .//:e%ion, as if the fallacy were inot'j- transparent < of dealing- with it as . a - religion ; and others . again seem rather- , pleased, with- the beauty/ of its forms— its - red hats, its ; red stockings, Its - lighted' -candles'; and' its' love of flowers ! ' ' y-i The versatile Dr. Manning has been . speaking, of the. greatness of England and of the power of her pres ' to say,;speaking,a8 an " Engli8hman," lie has been glorying, in ! the" fact that he belongs to so great a nation. Quoting with approbation the estimate which is held of her all- over the "Continent, he affirms that she is at once " an island and ari empire." - But that was not enough, he referred to what a French journal of great influence had recently said, " At the voice 'which proceeded from England, on ;a recent occasion, Europe again awoke to the consciousness of itself !", Then, refer ring to the " great glory of England," as her parliament, -lie said that it was the ." grandest legislature in tKe wovld, and shook off from its /.legislative branches i acorns of the old English oa k that had reproduced-themselvesin Canadav'Auatraliaj and the United States." Now, all this is ..very.' satisfactory,! arid every Englishriian ;raust .. feel thankful that such patriotic iswords have been spoken -by Dr. Manning respecting -England./.? But ought not a-! lew questions be . asked- concerning- .the1 cause? If . England , be'.-thus great and glorious and/free; how/islt?' To what is England -indebted' ' for" this 'grand glory ? It is certain not iridebted.to .the, blessing of the Pope of v Rome, for, for three . hundred '/years. the curse of - tlie Vatican j has-i rested upon , it.' It cannot bo that it i is ; iridebt'-ltq\'the? true ' church and. the j true sacraments for,-' for the same period, it has had neither church nor sacraments. In fact' it' lies wholly 'under the power of heresy. '.Heretical princes have ruled her. : Heretical literature has .flooded her..' Heretical laws have controlled heiv ?A? heretical church- has been maintained by : her. A heretical gospel has been )n.eached .'through-, her. !t And her, parliament;. has. been for ages a, heretical- assembly. /of . men 1 who- have repudiated Rome in the strong est ' language.? Yet, strange -to S!iy,-Eng- / ' land has prospered andgrown to'what she is ! -Arid the very, "book" which is said to shave been the secret source of all her : heresy has been -especially referred to, by, ! kings -.and queens.- -and/ parliaments-/ and -judges as the chief- source- of - her moral power and national prestige and' high \- prosperity ! ' r If the fact be doubted, I Italy.. Spain; France, Austria; or any other ; Popish country.. mayt.be , looked , at, , during/ the? same - period, . and . the/ / question -/be asked, why have - these,: countries retro graded,, while England has , advanced 1 These, countries have enjoyed" during ages / , the .".true religion,": the- true1 church, the' true . sacraments,' the'/true. priests, ..aricl the true centre : of. unity. .These oouutries s have cast /themselves .down ; before ? the Holy Father while England has/told ffiim' > to bo off out of the way. These "countries Have received the . liying- voice ,; of . the living!. Peter, in. allocutions, and bulls -and- encyclicals-and other letters/from- Rome ; but England "has discarded those letters, and stuck just ; .to the simple letters of Paul and Peter./ and John , in the scrip tures. These countriesliave submitted to priests and ; nuns and legates and bishops. ; but England has tolcLthe- priests and nuns to , carry back to. the , Tiber their /baubles ./ of oil aud Hour and wine.. Yet: the fact is admitted, that while England has advanced to the highest glory, . these countries have always been in trouble and decay. . ; Will D i% . Manning .explain the reason ? /Surely if Joseph and Mary and all the saints, had it in their power France and Italy would be the grandest countries on the face of the. earth, .and, .England ..would i be. a rock for. >, fishermen. ./ But the very co n trary is the'fact. i-And the factris so conspicuous that the continental' riations arid papers of great influeiice '.'/haye come to put the fact into a parable : " Those whom the , Pope blesses are cursed indeed ; but those whom he curses are blessed indeed.", The Pope is the modern Balaam. , Eeceived from Dr. M'iGibbon the. sum of £1 0a. 0d., being surplus money received by him towards paying for advertisements; in the & M.- Jlerald re Morluarij wliich 'said pounel is "to be paid. into the Protestant Hall Company for one "share' in the name ' of , the Grand Lodge of the LoyH1 Orange Iristitution. (Signed), Samuel E. .Lees,' August J.9fchV- 1878.' Leltu rij to Oe anoemex.— V"e call att'ontion to .the advertisement of a lecture to ,be(. de livered by " the ' Rev. Mr. Middleton, iuj the' lodge room of No. 86 L. O: Lodge," on" Monday evening. , : ' Members of other lodges . are invited, v i The Barry- Testimonial ' Buxn. — . Addi tional receipts Mr.iT. rLidden; Goulburn.vos'j Mr. James .Stedman,,£l Is./; Mr.vli, Beckett, 2s. 6d./'; Captain Sadleir, £2 2s. ; Mrs. Shep herd, 10s. t f'Ouii Orange Priends. ','— The Popish corres pondent in Queensland of the Sydney Freeman, referring to the Orangemen in Brisbane, remarks that "our Orange friends are about to build a hall where, 'peace and good will' will be preached, no doubt." We agree with him. Without doubt this will be so. In the projected hall they will preach good will even to Papists and grace even to Home Rulers. Oraugemcu have not learned the doctrine that "heretics should be burned," nor yet the Icsb ferocious doctrine that "no faith should be kept with heretics." Such doctrines are preached in Guild halls and Popish chapels; but Protestant halls and Protestant chapels preach another gospel. The Accounts Squared. — As- we noticed in last week's issue, we have learned from a corres pondent at Young, that Father Finnegan has been very busy there, not only in training the Protestant " Bennett " to sing new bass soIob, "with excellent voice," in praise of the Virgin and the saints, but in writing letters to the Gouucil of Education respecting his school teacher. The affair is a new illustration of the old adage, that when ." thieves fall out honest men get their own." When Father Finnegan and his teacher were agreed, and were rowing in the same boat, both of them were " gintle- men," every inch of them. Father Finnegan found the teacher a first-class "tacher;" and, on the other hand, the teacher praised his river- enceasthe " foinest prayest " in the counthry. But the teacher had a stack of hay or straw near the school ; and, as the bishop was coming to inspect, the priest ordered him to remove i t. and sweep up. This the teacher declined to do ; therefore the priest became rusty and words ensued. The teacher then refused to kiss the cross when it wns held up to him for adoration. Thereupon the priest wrote to the Council of Education, requesting that the teacher might be removed as " insubordinate." The teacher was equal to the occasion, and replied that the priest used to come into the school and inter fere with the teaching by giving out his priestly notices and ordering the Popish catechism to be tanght during the time when the other lessons ought to be going on. So the two fell out and told on each other. The Council must be a wonderful body to judge of how subordinate a Catholic teacher should be to his priest' in the matter.of kneeling in chapel/ and lifting his hat to his reverence, and kissing ithe cros3 ; arid then, on the other : hand, to judge, of how a priest is to enter the school at all hours and call the "attintion of the childer" to the notices which he wishes to riiake about the stations and confessions which he is about to hold, and of-, which the: ' tchilder " are to' toll' their "parients." ' Still the whole case -was sent on from Young ; and the one called the other a disobedient and .insulting and disrespectful teacher,- who. keeps and'' traffics iir cattle,' .for' which cattle the hay was stacked in the school - ground, and, by looking after which cattle the school' duties - are neglected and the other replied that the priest ; is a " tyrant, who dis arranges the school by - interference with the' teaching hours, arid orders Popish catechism and notices to take the place, ofthe other subjects, - and wishes the teacher to be-merely his jockey ' or lackey"' But riot a word of this would have been revealed, if; .the' one had not 'crossed the other's/ path' and trampled on each, other's. toes. What the Council ;of . Education - will do in such- a formidable case we do not know j but we think that if both parties were told that "rogues are well employed in watching each other," they would be well served ; only' the public ought not to be asked to pay for such . watching mis called "school teaching." The Proposed Counter, Beast.— -As the " Conservatives" had their blast a few weeks ago in favour of the Earl of Bea'consfiold, the Liberals are resolved to have their. .counter blast next week in favour of Gladstone arid; Bright. We don't wonder at this movement. I They have been challengod to it by the injudicious speeches at the former meeting. It was really of no importance that Beaconsjield, should; have been specially praised as the ; ' ' great pacifier . of the belligerents," or as the' " hero ' of the Congress at Berlin. ", It was enough that the Queen should have been congratulated on: tlie return of peace, arid the saving of the country from threatened war. Giving BeaconsGolcl all credit , for his determined stand to maintain the right of Ehglarid to join in the settlement of the question when the Turk was beaten, there cannot be a doubt that if he had been allowed to have his- own way when the war was in progress, his anti- Russian sympathies would have dragged -.-Eng land into au unscrupulous and disgusting war in: defence of Turkey and all its atrocities arid- brutal misgovernment. The activity of Glad stone so roused the. action against, the. Turk, that Beacorisfield found that sueh a war would he' the destruction of his party. The " Queen, s ' opposition," in this case, therefore, as iri a great many more, was probably far more the instru ment in bringing about the result than the Go vera-' ment itself. , Brit he this, as it may, difficult as it was to determine the one to whom the praise of peace was duej it was a mistake to ascribe all to Beaconsfield, and make him the Duke of Cyprus for the occasion. As we blamed the Conservatives for their .mistake, it is probable that we shall have to praise the Liberals for their imitation. If both had combined to acknowledge Grid, arid to admit that both Bea consfield and Gladstone had i contributed their natural arid perhaps contradictory , parts to achieve the result of peace, they would have done better than they will ' ever do separately. Dr. Bermingham and the Jesuits. — The famous Wagga priest has been in Victoria preaching to the Jesuits there. He has told them that the Jesuits are the greatest of all the disciples of Christ. They have, he said, carried civilization and arts and religion to the four corners of the earth. They have defended, he added, the principles on which all liberty and progress can rest. In illustration of all this praise, he added, that the Jesuits had opened to himself the treasures of classical literature ; and that then, when his' spirit became hot within him, they cooled him down by the "Ignatian exercises." Going still farther, Dr. Bermingham asserted that the Archbishop of Victoria, in introducing the Jesuits into that colony had laid the "Catholics " under a debt of gratitude which. they "never could repay." This, rio doubt, is a very "eloqueut panegyric " and most grateful to the Jesuit fathers ; but the world has a very different idea of the quality of these professional corruptora of truth and morality. ; When an infallible Pope denounced them, broke up their brotherhood, stigmatized tbem as false: and dangerous; when every civilized country in the world has expelled them for their baseness- and ' treachery ; and when crimes and : wickedness by their peculiar casuistry are made virtues— it surely becomes such " hot " and " cooled down " priests as Dr. Bermingham,- and such flash in the'pan orators as Dr. Vaughairto puff up: thosri Jesuits as the Greatest-blessings which: ever the-colony: or the 'orld has seen. . - ; . : ' ' The Boyne Water. — In the days of Dan O'Connell the Boyue Water used to be spoken of by the Papists with mixed feelings. Dan himself preferred to have a great respect for it. When once he was haranguing the people of Drogheda, and especially the Protestants there, and wishing to wiu the favour of the Orange men, Dan sent off a man to the little river run ning below to fetch a pail of the genuine Boyne water. When the man brought it on to the platform Dan took a tumbler full of it, and, proposing the " Hpalfch of the Immortal Wil liam III.," lie drank the water amid the cheers and laughter of the assembled crowd. Strange to say, that since then the Papists have con ceived the greatest dislike to the "Boyne water." They cannot bear to speak of it. They cannot hear to hear of it. They cannot bear, to think of it. Every time the word3 occur they feel as if they would kick up a row. This is so with Papists all over the world, as if they had been sworn by the priest " at the altar" to hate the Boyne water. By . the mail, just arrived, we have an account of what has taken place in Glasgow, Scotland. Papists in Scot land are as insolent and overbearing as any where else. A bandsman was passing along one of the parks of Glasgow. He amused him self by playing on his flute the tune "The Royne Water." Some officious Papists, influenc ing the trustees of the park, pretended that the playing of such a tuuo was "insulting to Catholics," and calculated to lead to a breach of the peace. The bandsman was prosecuted and sentenced to imprisonment of seven days without alternative of fine. But the bandsman appealed, and the sentence was quashed ; for not only was it shown by the higher court that it. was perfectly legal to play the "Boyne Water," but ho was allowed as damages against his prosecutors the sum of scren guineas by way of expenses. So much for the " Boyne Water" in Scotland. But where will the demands of Papists cud ? . VVe must not play the " Boyne Water," we must not; wear a yellow tie, we must not carry- an orange lily, and our wives must not w.ear. a yellow ribbon. becauso the Catholics say that their .feelings are hurt and; their religion insulted Yet those haters of ; the yellow have a ' singular fondness for " wear ing of the green." Saint: Pius IX — Very soon applications are beginning .to the -made tha the 1 late Pope be elevated -by " Beatification.'' The Patriarch of -V enice and other liishops iii- that quarter have sent petitions to Leo' XIII. to' begin the busi-' ness by- examining theivirtries of Pius IX. We suspect that this is a dod go - to force Leo XIII. to express an opinion of. his predecessor, which, , on: many- accounts, he cannot but wish to avoid. Nevertheless; we doubt not but that Pius will yet be' enrolled as a Popish " saint." He had all the virfcues of one ; 1 and -ho is worthy of the position; if some of the worthless wretched already., elevated, and prayed, to, deserved the apotheosis. A Priest Converted and Eaptized.— On 2ndMarcli, before being baptized, he sai i : " I was, as yon all know, a priest in the Papal Church, a teacher of error in . the temples of : heresy. It .vas my custom to . say mass, to hear confessions, &c.; ; but being converted and enlightened, I saw that I had been deceived, andan my turn had beeriVleceiving others. ' For the past I have asked forgiveness of God. I. desire to' be baptized, believing' that it is the command of Christ, arid, in doing so, I bid adieu for ever to that church to which in ignorance' I so long belonged. 1 thank God that he has . led me to the truth." " 