TALES. WITHIN THE PRECINCTS. Br Mrs. OLIPHANT. [The right of publication in Australia lias been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter YI. It was late before Law got home. In the first place he read the Family Herald through to his interested and busy auditors. Their needles flew like lightning along the lengthy seams : trimmings were as nothing to them, and even a hem became interesting as he read 'When he had pursued Lady Araminta to the end of this little portion of her history, showing how she refused that wicked Duke who was at the bottom of all her troubles, and whose expedients to get her into his power were so manifold, he began the next story — and so on till all was finished. It took some time to cet through the delightful pennyworth. What good ? ? ? ? :_i„ *i,„: ? % i om ? ? It QlCl tO tQ.6 pOOX guis at tiic-Li wuin ? xucy wcic nut patient, superior, noble-minded needlewomen, pen sively bearing up against the privations of their lot, but very commonplace girls, grumbling at their priva tions frankly, yet sitting up half the night over wed ding finery or funeral robes, without any very clear idea that it was a hardship, or indeed more than an inevitable feature of ' the dressmaking.' It was under this simple matter-of-fact aspect that their vigil appeared to them now, and they did not feel it any very great grievance ; but, such as it was, it was infinitely lightened by Law and the Family Herald . He was, to tell the truth, a little bit interested himself in the stories. He thought them very finely written. He liked the bits about Araminta' s true, but a' as ! poor and unfortunate lover. This lover was tall and strong, interesting and clever beyond description. He could do whatever he tried to do, and managed to live comfortably upon nothing at all. Law had a half notion that this elegant and perfect being was like himself. He would not have breathed it to any one, but yet he thought so. And when one story was finished he began another. He did not mind whether it was the beginning, or the middle, or the end of the tale ; all was the same to Law ; he went stoutly on- and read the whole number through — poetry, answers t j correspondents, and all. It was not very fine litera ture perhaps, or, rather, it was very superfine litera ture, with nobody below the rank of a baronet in the leading st iries ; but what it did for these poor dress making girls ! They followed Lady Araminta through every turn of her wonderful fortunes, with eyes that glowed and shone over their needlework . Theyidentified themselves with her, exclaiming, ' That's just what I'd have dore ! ' and, 'No, I wouldn't have had himf not I, if he'd been fifty dukes ! ' with true enthu siasm. Their needles flew, and the work got on as by magic, their excitement showing itself in the speed with which they worked. The wedding things were done an hour sooner than they would otherwise have been done, under this stimulus, and it was little more than 12 o'clock when Polly, after folding up the last dress, in readiness to be sent home first thing in the morning, said, ' Now, Mr. Lawrence, you've been a deal of use. If you like, you can see me home ! ' ' As if it was a treat for him to see her home ! ' Emma cried, who owned the special allegiance of Law ; but the youth for his part had no objection. It was a beautiful night, and a little additional walk was nothing but a pleasure to him; and he was quite good-natured, ready to exert himself in any way that was not legitimate and necessary. Emma, indeed, did not smile upon this undertaking. She (who had been obliged to do as much before now without anybody to take care of her) did not see what Polly wanted with an escort in a quiet place like St. Michael's. ' You'll meet nobody worse than the policeman,' she said. 'Policemen are bad enough, sometimes,' said Polly. 'Mind you don't meet the Captain,' said Emma's elder sister, 'and get him into trouble with his papa.' At this Polly laughed, tossing her head with its innumerable plaits and pufls. ' I hope I can manage e Captain,' she said. And whoever had heard the ®tyle of Polly's conversation as she walked up the sweep of the steep street by Law's side, with the soft ght air blowing in their faces, would have recognized °nce the superiority of Polly to all the insinuations dressed to her. All was very quiet in the High ee* St. Michael's : they met nobody worse than e policeman, as Emma had suggested ; and every mng was still and dark, except the stars shining over the shop-windows had long been closed, and ® ^mps glimmered few and fiar between. ... ou mustn't think anything of what these foolish ^ings say about the Captain,' said Polly; ?« because j® a ^ more reasonable than the rest, he likes to : ve a chat with me now and again. He's a very well ormed man, is your papa ; but you mustn't rtimlr mWjerf»hfHhey.»r— ?? h, I don't ! ' said Law, with the serenest confi- i 61106 » ' I know the governor's way.' i This, however, was not a reply which pleased Polly. ' What do you mean by the governor's way?' she cried, sharply. ' You are not half respectful enough, if you would like to hear my opinion. You shouldn't talk of the Captain like that ; he's a fins man, and he's one that many in this town thinks a deal of.' ' Is he really,-' said Law, in genuine surprise ; ' I did not know that. I wonder what kind of people they are ? Is it far off where they live, Polly ? I haven't got a latch-key, so T. don't want to be very late.'' ' You never thought of being late so long as you were sitting by Emma ; though what you can see in a little white-haired thing like that, like a white cat ! You haven't got a latch-key? I should think not at your age. Mr. Lawrence, take my advice, and never be so late out of bed unless there is a good reason for it.' ' I like that ! ' cried Law, ' when it was you that kept me there all the time.' ' I thought it would do you good,' said Polly. ' I am almost sure you had not done a thing besides, or looked into a book for the whole day,' ' Oh ! I should not mind standing an examination in the Family Herald,' Law said, with a laugh. He had occupied the post of reader in the workroom before, and knew a great deal about Lady Araminta. There could not be any doubt that he was very good natured, and ready to make himself of use. ' I should like to know,' said Polly — and though he could scarcely see her face, Law felt, with a mixture of amusement and indignation, by the sound of her voice, that Polly, too, meant to give him good advice — ' I should like to know, Mr. Lawrence, what you intend to be ? Are you going into the army, like the Captain ? If I were a young gentleman, that'B what I should choose above everything.' ' I can't afford the army, worse luck,' cried Law ; 'we haven't got any money, and a fellow can't live on his pay. And there's those dash'd examinations to pass everywhere before you can get into anything ; it's enough to drive a man out of his senses. I some times think I shall emigrate — that's the only thing you can do without an examination.' ' But you can't do that without money — a little money at least,' said Polly. 'If I were you, I should make a push and get in somewhere. I can't think how you can stay at home, doing nothing, a great strong young man like you.' ' Oh ! as for being strong, that don't do much for an exam.,' said Law. ' The little fellows stand the best chance there.' ' I wouldn't make jokes about it, it I were you. I wonder how you can go on living on the Captain, and such a burden on him— both'you and your sister ? ' ' 'Hallo,' said Law, in extreme surprise. The mention of Lottie bewildered him. He was not even angry for a moment— he was so profoundly aston- j ished. ' Yes, indeed, you and your sister too. You don?t show any consideration for the Captain, and how can you expect that he's always to be thinking of you ? The Captain is a young man still, and he is a fine man ; and if he M ere to marry again, as would be very natural at his age, where would you and Miss Des pardbe?' 'Let my sister alone if you please,' said Law, with a momentary flush of anger ; and then he relapsed into a laugh. ' The governor should be much obliged to you, Polly, for taking his part.' ' Somebody ought to take hu part,' said Polly: ' I don't suppose he's much over fifty — what I call quite a young man still ; and why should he deny himself and spend all he's got on two grown-up young people that ought to be making their own living P A man like the Captain, he wants his ease and his little comforts, and a wife to look after him — that's what he wants. He ain't an old man to give into his family. If I were to put upon my folks like that, do you think I'd be walking up St. Michael's Hill at this hour of the night, after slaving and stitching all day? Not a bit of it, Mr. Lawrence. If I were to do as you're doing, I might sit at home and make myself comfortable ; but I was always one for being inde pendent, and as for the Captain, poor dear ! he oughtn't to be spending his money upon them that can do for themselves. It iB himself he ought to be thinking of, to get all the pleasure he can as long as he's able to enjoy it. And if he were to marry again, as there's nothing more likely, where would you and Miss Lottie be ? Oh, yes, I know your names quite well,' said Polly. ' We often talk about you. These sort of names for short are a mistake. For instance) me, my name's Maria, that's a very ladylike name ; but what does it matter when everybody calls me Polly ? But, if my name is common, nobody can say of me that I don't behave handsome to my parents' Polly said, with emphasis. As for Law, he had felt himself growing hot and cold all through this speech. It plunged him into an entirely new world of thought. He tried to laugh, but there was no laughter in his mind. - ' It is very kind of you, Polly,' he said, with scorn in his voice, 'to take the trouble to give me so much good advice.' ' Oh, I assure you it's not for your sake, but the Captain's,' said Polly. ' I told him, if ever I had a chance with either of you, you should hear a bit of my mind — and I saw my opportunity to-night— that's why I asked you to come with me, Mr. Lawrence. Oh, it wasn't for the pleasure of your society ! I told the Captain I'd give you a bit of my mind. This is my home, so I'll bid you good-night, and I hope you'll lay to heart what I say.' Law turned up the Abbey Hill when thus dismissed with much seciet excitement in his mind. It M as altogether a new idea to him that his father was, as ! Polly said, quite a young man still, and that it was on himself, not on his grown-up children, that his money should be spent. Law had never looked upon the income of the family as belonging exclusively to his father. It was the family income, and it had seemed to him that he had just as good a light to have every thing he wanted as his father had. As a matter of fact, he did not get all he wanted, as Captain Despard managed to do ; but that was because his father had the command of everything, not that he had a better right to it than Law. The idea that he had no right at all, as Polly seemed to think, and that his father might make the home untenable by marrying some body, perhaps Polly herself, struck hini as the most extraordiinary of revelations. It was too extraordinary to be thought of calmly — his brain boiled and bubbled with the extraordinariness and novelty of the thought. The governor was not the less an old fogey because he was so much less respectable, less orderly than old fogeys ought to be ! Law could not associate his father's image with the idea of even comparative youth. But he could not dismiss the suggestion from his mind. He tried to laugh, but something seemed to hang over him like a threat— like a cloud of evil omen. He walked quickly up the slope of the Abbey gate, trying to shake off the uneasy feeling in his mind— trying to postpone, at least, the new idea which he could not get rid of. When, however, Law had got into the Precincts he saw a passenger not much less active and considerably more jaunty than, himself on the way before him, walking, with a slight occasional lurch, up the pavement to the Lodges. The lurch was quite slight, and might not have been noticed by an indifferent eye ; but Law noted it with the jealous observation of one whose own credit was at stake. It was hard upon a fellow, he thought, that hiB father should be seen going home night alter night with a lurch in his walk, and that his name should be recognized in all the lowest quarters of the town as that of ' the Captain's son.' Why should he suffer for such a cause ? Other old men were respectable— were no shame to their sons — but, on the contrary, furnished a margin of honour and reputation upon which to draw when there was occasion; but this was not the case with Captain Despard. Other old men— but there suddenly flashed across Law s mind, as he instinctively placed his father in this class, a recollection of the words which had just been said to him—' He is what I call a young man still.' Pricked by this thought, he looked at the figure before him with eyes suddenly cleared from the mists of habit and tradition, and saw it in an altogether new light. Captain Despard was straight and active, he carried his head high, and his step, though to-night slightly irregular, was both firm and light. To see him walking in front, humming and whistling by turns, perhaps with a certain bravado to show how steady he was, gave Law the most uncom fortable sensation. It was true what Polly had said. This was no old fogey, no heavy father, though up to this moment Law had looked upon the Captain in no other light. He felt a shiver come over him, a sudden realization of all the possibilities. Who should say that the governor ought not to do what he liked best, whatever that might be ? Law felt conscious that he himself, who was so much younger, did what he liked in indifference to everybody's opinion, and he was under no affectionate delusion as to the superior virtue of his father. What if Polly were right ? Polly per haps had a better chance of knowing the Captain's wishes than either his son or his daughter, to whom he was not likely to talk on such subjects. A chill came over the lad though the night was so warm. Life had always seemed sure enough to him, though it had its privations. He had to put up with that chronic want of pocket money, and with frequent ' rows' from his father, and passionate remonstrances from Lottie. These were the drawbacks of pTiaftwfe ; but Law was aware that, except in very favourable circumstances indeed, as when you were born a duke, jr at least born to the possession of five thousand a pear or so, existence was very seldom without draw jacks ; this, however, was very much worse 1*''' the 'want of pocket money : the governor with a new -wife perhaps folly ! The situation was too horrible to be realized ; bat for the moment the idea seemed to pour a current of ice into Law's veins. He had no latch-key ; but as soon as he saw his father he made up his mind to take advantage of Cap tain Despard' s entranre in a way which he had found practicable before this. Light and swift as he was, when the Captain had fumbled and opened the door, Law stole cl-ee behind him and entered with him in the darkness. ' What's that ?' Captain Despard growled, feeling the movement of the air as his eon. passed. 'I'll swear there's a ghost in this house,' he added, grumbling to himself. Law, however, wa« safely out of the way before his father managed to strike a light, and went, swaying from side to side, up the narrow staircase which creaked under him. The young fel low, st3U ing back in the darkness, saw Captain Despard's face illuminated by the light of the candle he carried, and gazed at it' with eyes sharpened hy anxiety. It was a handsome face — the contour still perfect, the hair crisp and curling, a heavy military moustache shadowing the well-formed lip. The Cap tain was flushed, his eyes were blinking, half closed, and that unloveliest look that can be seen upon a man's face, the look of partial intoxication approach ing the sleepy stage, took all spirit and sentiment from him. Yet Law could not but acknowledge that his fat er was a handsome rasn. He stood quite still, watching that progress up stairs, half because he was unwilling to be seen, half because he was anxious to see. Captain Despard was ' a tine man,' as Polly had said'. Law could see now, looking at him be tween the ' are of the railing which guarded the little staircase, that there was nothing in common between him and the old white- haired Chevaliers who pottered up and down in the sun before the Lodges, a grain of pride mingled in tie exasperation with which he acknowledged this to himself— and yet he was not ♦ only exasperated, but alarmed. He retired to bed ?very softly afterwards, creeping on tiptoe and in the dark up the stairs. There was still a gleam of light under Lottie's door ; but Law preferred not to direct his sister' s attention to the late ho ur of his own return by poin g straight to her room to relieve himself of his trouble, lie did not want to be forced into confi dence, or to betray where he had himself been, and ho *? he had he rd the alarming prophecies which had so suddenly cleared his sight ; and though the tempta tion was great, he resisted it Thus the lights were burning all at once in three of the little rooms in Cap tain Despard's house, each illuminating a separate world of excitement unsuspected by the others. The Captain's share of the disturbance was less of the mind than the body. He had lost some money which he could not afford to lo e. and -was annoyed on this account; and he was ex ited, but more sleepy, on account of the potations which had accompanied his play. ' By ? , I'll have it back to-morrow night luck can't be so against me one night after another.' This was the only burden of his simple and uncompli cated reflections. He thought nothing of his children one way or another. Both his children, however, though in different ways, were thinking of him. Lottie, though she dared not openly sit up for her father, remained up in her own room until he came in, and she had made sure that he did not want anything, and was nnt likely to set the house on fire. But Law's rejections were more serious than those of the other two. It seemed to the idle lad as if suddenly a real burden had got on to his shoulders He was thoroughly frightened out of the pleasant calm of nature—the sense that everything must go on as everythi g had gone since he could remember. In later days, indeed, things had gone better for Law ; Lottie had managed now and then to scrape a shilling or two off the housekeeping to give him, and of late I she had not bul.ied him quite so much as usual. The j current had been flowing more evenly— everything had conspired to make tbe happy-go-lucky of his life more smooth than before. He -woke up with all the more fright and surprise to the sudden danger now. 