OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments."— Shakes perk. Theatre Royal. " Our Boys " has been withdrawn ; but its temporary absence from the stage will probably prove to be merely temporary. The pro duction of " Romeo and Juliet " on Monday and Tuesday nights, displayed Mrs. Scott- Siddons in one of her best-played characters. She does more than look or act, but she is the lovely Capulet. Mr. Chaplin, as Mercutio, showed an excellent appreciation of his part, and his clear and finished elocution were never heard to greater advantage. It is a long jump from Talbot Champneys to Romeo, but Mr. Fleming made it ; and the result, though not a perfect success, was by no means an absolute failure. "As You Like It" was revived on Wednesday evening, in the presence of a crowded house. The Rosalind of Mrs. Siddons is too well known and appreciated to need any commendation. Victoria Theatre. The close of Mr. Creswick's engagement is the event of the week, and the last few nights of that engagement was marked, if possible, by a greater display of the actor's ability than he had shown before at this theatre. His King Lear on Tuesday evening was a perfor mance not likely to be soon forgotten by those who witnessed it. His success during the past six months proves incontestabl.v that a great actor can and will be appreciated in these days even in Aus tralia. Mr. Creswick's benefit was a complete success in every way, and formed a brilliant and fitting termination to his Sydney career. Mr. Punch regrets to learn that Mr. Bartlett's connection with this theatre has terminated. On Saturday next Miss Coombs makes her first appearance before a Sydney public, in the role of Mabel, in " Pique," a play written by Augustin Daly, that has met with immense success in America. The Queen's Theatre. " Lisa Eccles '' has been having a very successful "run" at this theatre, the impersonations of Henrich Eccles by Mr. Baker, and the dual characters, Hettie Stoefel and Michael Flaherty, by Mr. Farron proving highly attractive. " Struck Oil " is to be produced on Saturday. The Guild Hall. Instead of diminishing in popularity, D'Arcy Read's Ghost appears to be more in favour than ever. All lovers of the marvellous should see it. Mddle. Charbonnet's Concert. It is many years since we have had the pleasure of welcoming to Sydney so thorough an artiste as Mddle. Charbonnet. The third of her charming concerts was held on Wednesday evening, and proved a genuine success, the hall being crowded in every part. The talented pianiste was ably assisted by Mrs. Rosenberg and Signor Steffani. The gem of the evening was undoubtedly the selection from Beethoven for piano, violin, and violoncello exquisitely ren dered by Mddle. Charbonnet, Herr Kreitschmann, and M. Jules Meilhan. To all lovers of really classical music those concerts are an undoubted treat. Sydney Musical Union. Mr. Punch notices, with much satisfaction, that the S. M. Union announce their next concert to be held on Tuesday next, at the Masonic Hall. The Society have very wisely secured the services of Mddle. Charbonnet and Herr Schott, the celebrated oboe player. Licensed Victualler's Ball. The Annual Ball, under the auspices of the Licensed Victualler's Association, takes place on the 5th June. 