LITERATURE. MAEMOBNE-* Marmorne is a novel of considerable power and great interest It is told with much simple force, and as the author has aimed by minute topographical descriptions and detailed incidents to give an air of realism to hia narrative, the manner in which this is told admirably aids the effect aimed at He has relied mainly for effect on the force of the situations and incidents, and in depicting these has carefully refrained from adding an unnecessary word that would weaken instead of heighten the result sought His descrip tions of French country life and scenery ex hibit the command of the subject which can only be gained by familiarity. And the manner in which some of the characteristic incidents of the fringe-so to speak-of skirmishing operations around the great Franco-Prussian war are skilfully com bined with the events of the story, and are used to deepen its interest by giving slight glimpses of the great life and death struggle in which the country was engaged, adds much to the power and telling effective ness of the story. The narrator, Adolphus Segrave, is the youngest of three brothers, the others being Julius and EmiL Their father is Sir An thony Segrave, who lives in the north of England, and their mother, who is dead before the story opens, was a French lady. From her Sir Anthony had inherited an old Burgundian estate, bearing the ill-omened name of Boisvipere, which is looked after in the interest of its English owner by a French neighbour, Monsieur le Marmorne. The oldest brother, Julius, is a man of great physical strength and enterprising, adven turous disposition. He has made up his mind to undertake an exploring expedition in Central Africa, and proceeds to train and qualify himself for the work of travel ling in a savage country. Unmindful of the comments of the neighbours, he takes lessons from the village carpenter, tinker, tailor, and other tradesmen, and under the instructions of the butcher he learns how to kill and cut up cattle and sheep. With the assistance of the two servants who are to accompany him on his expedition, he builds a fort in the park, and sleeps in it nightly, with his men, all with loaded guns. Inside the enclosure he has some old waggons, and horses and cattle are driven into it every night as if for protection. "While Julius was engaged in this self-educa tion, his youngest brother Adolphus is sent into France to attend to some works in con nexion with timber-felling at Boisvipere, and there makes acquaintance with M. de Mar morne and his two daughters, Ada and Abeille. Marmome is a man of high charac ter and great cultivation, who lives with the utmost contentment the life of a well-to-do French landed proprietor, in a remote pro vincial district. The eldest daughter, Ada, strongly resembles her father in the tenacity and resolution of character, and is of a stately, lofty order of beauty. Abeille is a girl with the general attractions and characteristics of a well-bred young girl, but with no strongly-marked individuality of any kind. Presently Julius determines to transfer his experimental exploration and life of arti ficial hardship from Segfave-park to the woods of Boisvipere, and also for the first time makes acquaintance with the Mar monies. Shortly afterwards the third brother, Emil, arrives at Boisvipere. Emil is a lawyer, and a man of keen intel lectual power, whose only estimate of all labour and effort is its practical result He is a quiet, scheming intriguer, whose character and situation reminds the reader strongly of Bashleigh Osbaldestone in Rob Roy. He has visited the old family chateau before, and is acquainted with the Marmornes. He soon devotes his efforts to the task of separating Julius from the Marmornes, and carries him back with him to London to complete the pre parations for his African journey. These are soon finished and the start is made, and Julius, with Adolphus to accompany him as far as Marseilles, leaves London for the rail way journey through France, paying a visit to the Marmornes on their way. Emil sends a telegram to them at Paris to tell them that the Marmornes are at Nice, but they discover that this is a falsehood, and that their brother merely sought to prevent them from calling on their French neighbours. Julius improves the occasion to ask the hand of, Ada Marmorne, and is accepted. He starts on his journey happy in his engagement, and promises to limit his expedition strictly to two years. On the eve of St. Elizabeth, November 18,1870, he is to return to his pro mised bride. During the absence of Julius, his father; dies, and the estate and chateau of Boisvi ptae fall to Emil, who spends some of his holiday time at the chateau. -He - and Adolphus are staying there in July, 1870. Letters from Julius have been' received, showing that he has'started from Zanzibar to explore the southern extremity Qf the Albert Nyanza, and although nothing has since been heard of him, he is supposed to be now on his return to the coast. As time passes and St Elizabeth Eve is now only four months off, a strange change seems' to come over Ada. When the approaching: return of Julius is spoken of, she smiles faintly and sadly, and, a? it seenis, iocredu. loudly. " ?.He will be *ure to return at the t appointed time,' I said; but she repeated, the %ame incredulous -smile, and said, *1; hope eo V Jn atbite dfvoicfe as n^£'ho|>e of lpnygexjw&^y, iter feelina/tltJW/^waBed from anxiety ton »pa*hyland "tlwi^^wer of feeling having? ? J'*" 1 ?" ^ 48*8,qfadIP®-'-' * telegram; ofJaUa8 i i; - rlo at Aden and his speedy return, utterly fails to rouae her" to feeling, and her con dition of mind plunges her family in consternation. As the 17th and 18th of November arrive, her mental state is that of a fixed idea. She looks on to the return of Julius as an absolute certainty, but as one which apparently fails to rouse her to feeling. It is utterly useless to attempt to prepare her for possible disappointment by speaking to her of the interruptions of all communica tions, owing to the disturbed state of that I part of the country, into which the tide of war is now surging. The eve of St Elizabeth comes, and there is .. not a word of news of Julius. Ada, in a dull mechanical way, makes all kinds of prepara tions ; bnt he does not come. In his place arrive in the early morning a reconnoitring party of three Uhlans, who search the bouse of Marmorne, and are attacked by francs tireurs on their departure. After this the interest of the mere domestic hopes and fears becomes submerged under the ruling flood time of war. A detachment of Garibaldians occupies the village of Marmome, and Marmome himself, with his company of francs-tireu.s, undertakes to guard an old disused Roman road, by which the advancing Prussians may fall on the rear of the force. The affair between the francs tireura and the Prussians is finely and gra phically described, and then ensues a scene of terrible pathos, in which the captured Marmome is ordered for execution, and shot as a civilian found in arms against the in vaders, in obedience to the stem military code enforced with such rigour by the Germans in the last war. The daughters of Marmome in the meantime live in safety in a secluded chalet belonging to Adolphus, on the estate of his brother. Soon there are rumours of a strange kind. It is said that a ghost, that of AT de Marmorne, walks nightly around the chateau of BoiBvipfere, and on inquiring into these reports, Adolphus hears from his bro ther Emil that those who have seen the appa rition declare that it is that of the missing Julius. Ada, meantime, retains her dull, cold, hard apathy, and is lost to all sense or filing of the world around. She has tho roughly acquiesced in the belief of the death of Julius, and all efforts to rouse her to a perception of the possibility of his being still alive, but perhaps held a prisoner by one of the contending armies, are met by stolid un belief. Adolphus determines to investigate the 6tory about the ghost, and waiting for the apparition, tires at it, and it disappears with a yell of pain. It proves next day that Migeon, a servant of Emil, and devoted to his interests, hag been wounded by a gunshot. Still time passes, and gradually Emil succeeds in exer cising such control over the will of Ada that in her lifeless, passive way she consents to marry him. The time for the ceremony arrives, but the curt of the village interposes, and declares that Julias is still alive, and at Boisvipere. Search is made, and in a dungeon of the old chateau is found the missing brother, reduced to the last extremity of weakness by starvation and iLi-treatment. It is found that Julius did return to the dis trict on the evening of November 18, quite alone, and stayed for the night at Boisvipere. TTiere he told Emil that he had been detained and imprisoned as a spy, and this suggested to his brother a continuation of his imprison ment. So he was chloroformed in his sleep and carried to the old dungeon, where he remained under the charge of Migeon, Emil's servant As to what was to be his ultimate fate. Emil gave himself little thought beyond a vague intention of restoring him to freedom after he had achieved his own marriage with Ada. The discovery of the prisoner, who soon regains health and vigour, frus trates this cruel plot, and in the denouement happiness and punishment are awarded in accordance with the equities of the case. Emil, in view of his approaching death, leaves his estate of Boisvipere to his brother Julius, as a small compensation for the wrong he did him, and the greater wrong he attempted. He adds :-" The harm I did was suggested by no enmity, for I never either loved or hated any man. I have loved one woman, to my misfortune." Such is a short sketch of a powerful story, which, as we before said, owes much of its force to the plain direct simplicity of the narrative. There is an admirable harmony of tone in the mode of treatment, and the sombre character of the incidents is suitably reflected in the natural surroundings, and even in the nature of the personages. Of the chateau of Boisvipere we are told! that " the vagaries of human choice never selected a site so inexpressibly melancholy and oppres sive. ... It is dreary in the richness of summer; dreary in the freshness of the spring; dreary under the bluest sky, under the brightest sunshine!" This dark back ground, and still more the'darker background of the great war, are well adapted to place in relief the lofty but stern and rugged figure of the noble and patriotic Marmome, his high-Botded daughter, and her beclouded mind and saddened feelings, the ill-treated Julius, and the intriguing relentless Emil, characters which would appear too harsh and hard if seen amid sorter, brighter sur roundings than those which actually invest them. 