The Debate on the Budget. Last week when we received Die financial statement of the Colonial Treasurer, we entered a caveat against its adoption for several reasons : but the prime motive of our objection was because the I1011. Treasurer desired new forms of taxation to meet the exigencies of the (situation without relieving some the IrardeiiF already imposed 011 the country. We objected to his policy because it wished to impose new burdens ou tlie state to meet the demands that arose from the nn aiiacitv and culpable negligence of previous administration, but did not confer any benefit on the public, nor vol sought it to relieve existing burdens. The promise made by the Premier to abolish the odious cattle tax had not been fulfilled, nor yet had any oilier promises of reform, and, taking these instances of faithlessness into accouut, and guided by previous examples of the lion, gciitleman'e duplicity and lubricity of conscience, we deemed it right for us to look with an air of severity at his financial proposals, and recommend them to the Housi; vilien considered in conjunction with the fundamental principles of his policy to be condemned. Hie matter has lieen pondered seriously 011 the short interval that lias occurred between the delivery of Hie statement and its consideration ; nnd the fiscal policy of the Premier lias been submitted to a sharp examination anil adverse criticism by the unsubsidised colonial journals, condemned outside the parliamentary theatre ; the measures of the Premier were denounced by the leader of the opposition on Tuesday last: and liis party only escaped defeat and the Ministry ejection by the small majority of one vote. The debate on the budget took place on Tuesday night, when the parliamentary play-bill announced that the House would resolve itself into a Committee of Supply. Before the Speaker left the chair, Mr. Ueibev commenced an attack upon the policy of.tlie Ministry. He criticised severely the proposals of the Treasurer, and exposed the fallacies with which his fiscal policy tBt, abounded. The great defect of the. policy was the introduction of direct taxation in new forms without an abolition, or what was required, an alleviation of the customs' duties. On those grounds he condemned in part the fiscal proposals of the Minister, and he demonstrated that when Mr. Giblin refused to modify the tariff, or in other words alleviate the burden of dircct \- S M A N U r a Y taxation thrown upon . one class of the community, he- acted_contrary^ to the opinion expresod bv lnnmed European statesmen. " For,'' said the Speaker, when Sir Robert Peel was called upon by Uie Qucen to administer-the Government of the country—it" being depressed financially—he did not wait for better times to " relieve the laboring and industrial classes, by relieving the Customs nnd imposing an income tax. He took what may be termed, " tlie bull by die horns." Iu 1841 there were 1,1G3 dutiable articles reduced in 1851 to 1,050 dutiable articles; and in 1802 there there were but 44 dutiable articles ; aud that whilst 111 1874 the revenue was £21,SOS,000, with a large amount of dutiable articles, in 1862 the revenue had increased to £24,036,000, with only 44 Customs articles. This was the result of Sir R. Peel's policy. The Customs kept buoyant, whilst the land increased in value—and the exports in 1841 amounting to £54,000,000, increased in 1802 to £135,000,000, and to have so maintained it "would have been judicious. The policy advocated by Sir P. Smith iu l857 supported that view. Those celebrated .politicians, Messrs Cobden and Bright, always maintained that principle. Now was the time to relieve the customs' duties. It was not to be done when the exchequer was full, but when, like the present, tlie large lauded proprietors were shirking their responsibility." With regard to the proposal made by the Treasurer to tax certain dividend drawing investors, the leader of tlie opposition showed how in- consistent was the scheme of the Treasurer by the following illustration— " A has £10,000 invested in shares— Dank, Steam Navigation Company, Building and Insurance, Tin Company all of which directly benefits the country by facilitating trade and employing labor, which again augments the revenue by consumption of dutiable articles. A taxed a shilling iu the £ upon his dividends. U )ias £10,000 capital infested in a private partnership, whereby he may make twice as much as A makes —yet pays nothing. C lias £10,000 invested in slice]) and cattle, and realises an income from tliem—yet pays nothing. D has £10,000 invested in Government debentures or in fived bank deposits, and pays nothing. 15 has the same amount invested in mortgages, and pays one shilling in the £. Js this a fair and equitable taxation ? Does each one contribute according to his means to the requirements of tlie state by such a mode ? Decidedly not; one party is taxed while the other !s free, and therefore the tax looks very like confiscation. This tax, or rather "this mode of exception," may be agreeable to sheep-owners, and to the representatives of sheepowners aud dealers, but would it be agreeable to others ? It would possibly be argued that the sheepowner paid his equivalent in the shape of rental of Crown lands, but while tlie woo) king pays no rental, tlie man who owns a house and lias money invested, pays 011 both. This system might be very satisfactory to the wool kings and prosperous merchants, but it would be most disastrous to the widow and orphans who were probably dependent uj>011 their small investments for a bare existence. If it were right to put taxes 011 shares in joint stock companies, it were right to tax Government debentures, as they did in England and America, under Hie Income Tax principle 1 ' Mr. Reibev having elaborated the subject then finished his speed) by preferring a series of accusatory, not a.-ticulated, charges against the. Treasurer, and moved " that "the financial proposals of the Government do not meet with the approval of this House." The debate was continued that.evening by the Attorney-General who defended the policy of his} chief, and pronounced the Income Tax to be inequitable and unjust, owing to tlie inefficiency of the machinery to he adopted and exerted in its collection ; but it was not concluded the first hour of this-morning. The House then divided 011 the motion ; with the following result:— Ayes, 12—Messrs. llcibey, O'Reilly, Clarke, Balfe, Pillingcr, Dooley, Reiby, Lewis. Lettc, Scott, Meredith, Henry (teller). . . . Noes, 12—Messrs. Giblin, Dobson, Brown, Mitchell, Gellibrand, Gilinore, Belbin, Whitehead, Kcach, Hodgson, Salier, Gunn, Lamb (teller). The amendment was therefore lost, and the House went into Committee of Supply, the piny being over at 12.31. We shall give a critique of-tliij^ performance at a future time. In a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man,' who was also a very great favourite 'with the audience, in tlie Banquet, scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Bauqno, " Hence! hence! hence!" when he dropped on Jiis knee, feovering liis face with his robe, and shuddering convulsively. Just as tiie applause was over a youth in the gallery, carried away with tlie intensity of the acting, cried out, " It's all right now Smith ; he'sgon " 