THE SKETCHER. UNDER THE GREENWOOD TREE. By P. M. No. III. We got to Belel Creek, as dainty a rivulet as the Tennysonian brook. We saw here quite a forest of myrtle. No wonder that the Greeks could find no nobler, crown for the Olympian hero than a coronet of myrtle leaves. The place around us was in smoke, we heard rattung ahead a noise how like ten thousand salvos of musketry, again as the tramp of a legion of megalosauruses in their contemporaneous fern, and anon like the roar of a cityfull of Ristori's French revolu tionists. It was a bush fire—by fair the largest ever known in these parts, and words fail to describe the complicated variety bf terrific sounds accompanying its sonorous march. All the bushmen ascribe these fires to Boine careless smoker or camper-out, and they never associate their origin with any thing reprehensible. Fire, however, is one of the great forces of nature, as wind and rain are. They are necessary, and do much good even in cities. London would have been uninhabitable after the plague but for the great fire. Even squatters recognise the bene fit of this primal element. In virgin country a pendent drop of water might act as a lens, or more'likely stall the griding of dry boughs in a summer wind would originate a flame. It is doubtless from observing this that the blackfellow twhonever invents) learntthe Pro methean secret of raising his fiery devil on two sticks. Thewholeofthe AuBtralianforestisevo lutionised on (he principle of fire protection. Bvfery tree js a sort of amateur Bulner safe. ; The mountain ash, tallest of all trees (happily called EpcaqmtuB Regnans), owes its pre dominance* to^ithe leg-pads of corky unburn ' able bark whjch'prdtect the lower third (and ' that opMfejajtB hole. The bark of our trees (90 vital uyfiWH>pe)ia deciduous. The fern is specially ansoned against fire- assault, arid the perenrnfficnffrmlng blue-green wire-grass: (raMr-grasa rfttlfer} greaves protectingly the lesser inhdbieaflW of the wood.'* Even the markings^ot tw&lyre-bird; are a chronicle of this strime., fine outer feathers -of'the tail (whldh'Ta a wliw1 of tfaferfetn) are edged' vifttfiprowndiack triangular matkings, as; if * ^Shi&sbeare; speaks of the' useless forbid ding of " the mountain pines to .wag thelr higH tops and to make no noise," but here he would not We could often see the tree tops | perhaps 1<H) or ISQyardaaboveus makinglarge excursions In the air, but from the riiafan^ could hear no sound. Occasionally, however, when expecting water, this season unusually ■' scarce, we were deceived by a hum, doubtless from the trees,, like the distant babbling of brooks—an aural mirage, if 1 may Bay so, and a parallel of that dreader optical one. The trees here are the highest in the world—466 feet has been sworn to, and 500 not im probable. This is owing to the struggle for existence. They must hurry up to sunlight, and in doing so are boughless for many yards." Where a tree has an unencroached Bide it puts forth branches early in that defection. I saw in one clump seven ashes, a Beptette of coeval sisters, of such equal height and general ap pearance as to he individually untustinguish able. Curiously enough, as a Tasmanian gentleman lately demonstrated in The Aus tralasian, these monsters rarely reach to the potential age of man. He finds this by count ing their rings, and as there are not one but two yearly currents of sap, and, there fore, two blossomings, twice seventy or eighty circles of growth is never exceeded. The dignity of the gum is in its height, they look like the tall masts of the Miltonic ammiraL .They have not the wide-spreading shelter of an Ellerslie oak, capable of har bouring 300 men, nor the girth of bole and ^lory of foliage of the giants of Yosemite On our way to and from Belel (a hard walk with the gradients, and a thermometer 90deg. in the shade) we hailed with great delight the sight of the .mile-posts, and could well sympa thise with Mr. F. s aunt in Little Dorrit, who was so observant of the mile-stones on Dover road. Peeping from the clustering green of fefn and tangled creeper, these posts looked like the humble tombstones in a country church-. yard, and tombstones they were too, for at every one we buried some care, and read beneath their Bimple lettering the epitaph of some worldliness sloughed off in our wan dering. The spring-water was so cold, and though of pearly transparence bo full of vegetable matter, that we always qualified it with grog. Brandy first, which we found to heat us: then whisky, a great improvement; but, finally, in the last few days, we drank the water pure, much to our benefit, and Bang with the PsalmiBt, " De torrente in via bibit, propterea exaltcUil caput" We Bpoke little, bucolic like, we were at work. In the visitors' book at Marysville we read the usual mixture of cleverness and inanity. I remember some curious verses, the work of a mutual friend, who had visited here with an elderly chum, given to atheism, and for whom he found a likeness in that "cynic of the woods," the laughing-jackass (called, curiously enough, by Dorsay Ogden "The comedian of biraB ). Here are the lines An atheist climbed up an old gum-tree, And laughed with a wild and mocking glee. He exclaimed aloud, " It's mighty odd, But go where 1 will 1 can't find God." And he laughed again in a boisterous way. And kept on doing so half thatday. Now a Christian sportsman, as blind as a bat, Heard the noise and glanced where the atheist sat. He raised his gun, took a steady aim, And lodged some shot in the atheist's frame. How, gentle casuist, prithee tell, Which of these two Bnould go to hell t " The Writer " a lady (somewhatconfusedly) had written in a bold hand below. As a reverse of this I may quote from a letter of an American friend, somewhat given to materialism, whom I recommended a trip thither. "I have aeen the Boss," he wrote, " his home is the fern and myrtle." I have said that trees have feeling—nay more, consciousness. It is certain they dream. The sensitive plant closes to a touch, the acacia (hence tailed mimosa) shuts its green palms in fight against a storm. And in tropical America that tree for feet around a traveller's steps will droop its boughs in pre tended death. Venus's trap catches its fly, which it digests, and other meats, too, re jecting a pebble. The sensitive plant, after exposure to the vapour of chloroform, will allow itself to be handled rudely without re sentment ; and if alcohol be poured into the calyx of a flower it will remain unclosed, awake, drunken in fact, all night, like wila young gentlemen under similar influence^ I am persuaded many trees are conscious of their beauty, and coquette in the wind with the airs of a lovely woman. A large gum we saw felled at Healesville moaned, screamed, and roared with a multiplied anitwpl utter ance. In its green mantle muffling up Its fece, it fell Ceeaar-like, and with more than the dignity of Macaulay's oak of Mount Avernus. 1 could wish for a modified introduction of crucifixion, as in the Ammergau play, for those politicians who rob us of our parks and gardens. Mr. Casey, who spoiled St Kilda park, and Mr. M'Kean, who tried what Messrs. Longmore and Patterson are now accomplishing to Carlton - gardens, would think twice after Borne hours' exposure on cross-beams before repeating their irremedi ableVandalism. Your tree (says Gilbert White) is the best alembic. It will distil water to the air and ground for hours after the rain has ceased. Our present mayor, Mr. Pigdon, in planting those miles of trees will be our moat rememberable civic officer. He has done it with thought too, for, recognising the un suitable bareness of long lines of deciduous trees in out sunshiny winter, he has planted alternate " persistent" ones. May hismemory be green. We want such an exemplar. Our muncipal bodies have no taste lor the beauti ful. Emerald-hill was laid out with an eye for Boulevards, and it boaste now hi its streets a bare score or so of miserable trees; Hotham since 1872 has Sold for some £23,000 all the areas reserved for the health ahd pleasure of ite burgesses ; indeed, a proposal the other day for additional street-plantihg met with violent opposition. It is interesting to notice how young trees in tjieir early leanngs imitate, by a process - of temporary reversion,-the bondage of 'the fern, their remote ancestor—the. oldest and, from a developmental point qf view, mostae graded of plants. Somewhat similarly the unborn child, beginhihg at the simplest stage of life,is evolved through gradually-increasing higher orders of condition into the complex physiological dignity of man—an intra-uterine rehearsal in petto of Nature's ffionic process of biological, development. 1 - It is curious how uncertainly our trees have' behaved this Bpring, which may be said to be both late and early. The willow, the poplar, the elm, all became suddenly arrested after a most precocious advent. The cork elm is still, at the time I write, -" delaying u the tender ash delays To clothe itself when all the woods are green," and a group of trees round the registrar general'a office, in Queen-street, which pro mised to be out & month ago,. are still displaying a timidity of. behaviour only ex plicable by the recollection that they are in the civil service. I find that imported trbta do not follow the same order 6f Iseasomdaup cesaion as in their original hemianhere.' The willow in England is' an arbre faineant, and,' has bat a few months of verdancjyWhilpt here it is the earliest to come tiid-tile-lastto go. Perhaps our climate will develops '.a foolish perennial variety- (I say foolish ad visedly, as I think man was unwise in his developement not to have retained hyber always at this same height ^mron,01 w®ain X^IJ « o^iotialy the caaewi6 ground. Norfolk Island nine onrfo: J^hi the f«S" trees, A T181"8 *eu m thrashes in Fitoroy-gardensk£'mte(i thirty have heardBevSdtWhMyear- «5l carolling this spring™- aud green lin„;^ jX in s^85heLo^!onnand?n^ SSaiRMLiSyWK importeMU^nffiloiSer fig utterance which visitors o£ I often ask myself which M'. tiful tree—a question as unanavramM^1" it were of women. The oak w^, 6 if the king, and the ash the VenufJa!11 slim Popia^Sthraiay6^ '® sas its with quite an ah o™^061^ the willow, when single^d coquetry; leaf, clusters like thetangtaofV0u¥ hatr. Later on it. i>aa „it 01 «e®ra« tinged with the pink of an Al»hm.»aow' Ranged along an avenue, the blue princely magnificence: and thereS d«X.a of Bhadow in the Himalaya cedL n ^ foraian cypress, and in alltof'SSfiSt' which are at once grateful andpicS™' but yet not so inviting as the fern wUw! swings out its row of hammocks, wtanfffi weaned soul might "sit and clip her rift J1"88' «, J18*®' however, the WngHgh J£ during the first month of leafiS«2 pleasing to the eye than any ofite vefi rfn' uben *¥ ia 8eea from b£ against a blue and white sky, as at thin season (when only do we have atrial five), the dehcate, self-luminous looS transiucent green of leaf, dappIed S various depths of shadow, and ffiiged wHh dainty tassels, makes a picture that nSpaintw could copy nor any other tree approach except, perhaps, the golden sycamore. The song of the oak, too, in the breeze, is a noble one, especially at night, which appears tosnit its grave solemnity of boughy reach, as if in benediction. One needs not the day to dis tinguish taws ; their croon in the dark is unmistakable—nay, further, is an indication of ugliness or beauty. It is somewhat similar with women. An acute listener with his back to the door will tell when a shapely lady enters the room by the sound of her dress, and while her limbs are as melodies yet," in dancing she will rustle harmoniously weli- iM through an octave. Herrick must have been thinking of this when he wrote When as in silks my Julia goes, Then, then, methinks, how sweetly flows That liquefaction of her clothes, which reminds me of a passage in filanflinn (spoilt, perhaps, in the translation) redolent of balsamic odour, and full of sweet forest noises— Yivunt in Venerem frondes, etiam nemus omne altum Felix arbor amat; nutant ad mutua palms Feeders, populeo suspirat populus ictu, Et platani plat⋼, unoque assibilat alntu. The leaves live but to love, in every grove Each Wee ia happy with its lofty love, Palm nods to palm a mutual faithful row, The sighing poplars with soft smitings woo, 'Plane whispers plane, alders to alders coo. Mjr holiday came to an end, and I de termined never again to turn seaward in my leisure. A skyey slope attracts me as the magnetic mountain aid Sinbad. I am a fame , terra fiUus, earth-bom, and live by Antean kissings. De Qnincey, in writing of Wordsworth's eyes, says he has seen tnem after one of the poet's mountain walks " as sume an appearance the most solemn and spiritual that it is possible for the human eye to wearbut the critic, strangely enough, misses the explanation, which is simply nervous exhaustion, resulting in dilatation of the pupil. A wimilar spiritualised gleam may be seen momentarily in athletes after prolonged violent exertion. . It was this that gave the glory to the face of Moses when he came down from the mountain after forty days, so that he bad to veil himself. Had Mr. Herbert put the gleam into MoseB's eyes instead of a Christian aureole round his head, his picture would tell its tale more eloquently. The esoteric mean ing of this scriptural incident is surely an allegory' of exercise—an apologue of Hygeine. It was these ascensions which gave the sow to that " Beauty bom °f murmuring sound which passed into the face of her whom Wordsworth worshipped. We returned,rp. town on Buch a "dull, rii®™?'. ^JJttdless day" as preluded the fall of the House of Usher. We had had a prolonged heated term,, and Nature was on ,the ere of a great atmospheric convulsion. I * °Pe °.n the coach was uneasy, irri I K n' ^'^trical; and .our restlessness was \ of some other civil serrice.friend—forit was the revolution time. "When we nested Melbourne the western sky was hung with a deep mauve, against1 which, as pgainst a photo grapher's background, the pallid sunlit houses stood out with ghost-like splendour. I had shuddered, as a'child at many a pic tore of the . Crucifixion with' just such e> forehoding .atmosphere. The sun (our worthiest emblem of God), with its glittering corona, shone like the Sacred Host against the, purple altar-ciotlis at a Lenten bene diction', ana jn my electrified condition the square shoulder of St. Patrick's, with its crowning scaffolding, loomed strangely like .Calvary, but I looked in vain at the ParliamenLyard beside for the tri butary ctoshea of the thieves.' We had barely rehched thefeity before the gatesi ot heaven were . opened, and it rained an*1 almost incessantly for three weeks. Indeea, we liftd really a second spring—a second crop of leaves, Of mUts, of flowers, even ofsuicmes —and I remember seeing after the ram a spring, butterfly in John Tait's coIoum or yelloW and black, riding some sightless, courier Jpf the air " to many a golden cup. My bath, ordinarily so grateful after dam travelling, now feIt tepid and greasy co • pared to toe iqy stimulation of the mount* streams; bpt it so raised my>spirits tna aang asi usedrif old, when f^e^_n„hcJ the madrigal of that divinest of men, who every teaching jsalhy gospel Under the greenwood tree -. Who lores to lie with me, \- And tune Jbis merry hole ^ , Untp.t»eisw6rt bW'fl throat, Comkbitber,' obmihither, come hither, Herb eball-ho See i4J KOGQAIfi • fidt atottarimdrOpgb weather.. 