HOLLAND HOUSE. Written for the ' Sydnby Ma.il.' n. It was during the time of the third Lord Holland that Holland House attained the zenith of its brilliant renown. In 1852 Greville wrote in his diary : — ' It is the house of all Europe ; the world will suffer by the loss of it ; and it may with truth be said that the loss will ' eclipse the gaiety of the nations.' ' We propose now to give some brief notes of the house and grounds as they appeared during this period, with some account of the occupants and visitors. Macaulay affirms, in a letter to his sister, that ' the house is delightful — the very perfection of the old Eliza bethan style.' The Princess who has written a book about Holland House declares that ' the architecture is not re markably pure, savouring of the later days of Elizabeth and the early ones of James J. This is a conflict 01 autuon ties. But, as a matter of fact, few persons can look on this massive and venerable pile without his admiration being kindled. It is one of ' the stately homes of England.' The grounds are very handsomely laid out and are very extensive. Like the house they bear traces ot the past as well as of the present. For instance, there is the Dutch garden, 'laid out in that good old-fashioned way so rarely met with now. Flowers, surrounded with a framework of box-edging, form fitful patterns through which we walk in zigzags.' In another garden the dahlia flourishes. ' And has it not a right to do so here? For though it owes its name in botany to Dahl, the Swede, does it not owe its existence in Ttn gland to the third Lady Holland V She brought seeds of it from Spain, and had them sown in this very garden; whence it appears to have spread over our island.'- The fact is commemorated in the following lines, addressed to Lady Holland by her husband : — ' The Dahlia you brought to our isle, Your praises for ever shall speak, 'Mid gardens as sweet as your smile, Arid in colours as bright as your cheek.' Visitors never omit to look at the summer-house which bears the name of Rogers's Seat.' Over the seat runs an inscription : ' Here Rogers sat, and here for ever dwell With me those Pleasures that he loved so well.' But another poet — Luttrell — sat in ' Rogers's Seat,' and paid the penalty by writing the following lines, which are posted up immediately beneath the couplet just quoted : — ' How happily sheltered is he who reposes In this haunt of the poet, o'ershadowed with roses, While the sun is rejoicing unclouded on high. And summer's full majesty reigns in the sky ! Let me in, and be seated. I'll try if, thus placed, I can catch but one spark of his feeling and taste Can steal a sweet note from his musical strain, Or a ray of bis genius to kindle my brain. Well, now I am fairly installed in the bower. How lovely the scene ! how propitious the hour ! - The breeze is perfumed by the hawthorn it stirs ; All is beauty around me— but nothing occurs ; Not a thought, I protest ; tho' I'm here, and alone, Not a line can I hit on that Rogers would own, Though my senses are ravished, my feelings in tune, And Holland's my host, and the season is June. The trial is ended. Nor garden nor grove, Though poets among them ma; linger ot rove, Not a seat e'en so hallowed as this, can impart The fancy and fire that must spring from the heart. Eo I rise, since the Muses continue to frown, No more of a poet than when I sat down ; While Rogers, on whom they look kindly, can strike Their lyre at all times, in all places, alike.' The reader is probably of the same opinion as Luttrell himself— namely, that not a line could be hit on that Rogers would own. If one could only become a Rogers by sitting in ' ' Rogers's Seat!' When Macaulay first 'did' the grounds of Holland House his pilot was this very Luttrell, and when the critic of Robert Montgomery looked at the lines, he says, ' Luttrell adjured me with mock pathos to spare his blushes ; but I am author enough to know what the blushes of authors mean. So I read the lines, and very pretty and polished they were.' Opposite this seat is a bust of the first Napoleon — ' some say by Canova, others by a pupil of his,' with an inscrip tion from the ' Odyssey.' Lord Holland had it put up in 1817, when Bonaparte was a prisoner at St. Helena. In a letter to his sister, Macaulay translated it 'extempore into a measure which gives a better idea of Homer's manner than Pope's sing-song couplet ' for not, be sure, within the grave Is hid that prince, the wise, the brave ; But in an islet's narrow bound, With the great ocean roaring round, The captive of a foeman base, He pines to view his native place.' We are inclined to say that this extempore effort betrays something of the weakness of most extempore efforts in literature. Is it not chargeable with the very fault it aims to avoid? Has it not a ' sing-song ' sound ? With a ghost story we conclude our notice of the grounds ' The Beautiful Lady Diana Rich, Daughter to the Eaq of Holland, as she was walking in her Father's Garden at Kensington, to take the fresh Air before Dinner, about Eleven a Clock, being then very well, met with her own Apparition, Habit, and everything, as in a Looking- Glass. About a month after, she died of the Small Pox. And 'tis said that her Sister, the Lady Isabella (Thynne), saw the like of herself also before she died. This Account I had from a Person of Honour.' From which has sprung a tradition that, whenever a mistress of Holland House meets herself, death is hovering near 1 But now let us enter the house itself. It is filled with treasures and curiosities. Macaulay speaks of ' the busts and the paintings, the carving, the grotesque gilding, and the enigmatical mottoes ; the venerable chamber, in which all the antique gravity of a college library was so singularly blended with all that female grace and wit could devise to embellish a drawing-room; the shelves loaded with the varied learning of many lands and many ages, and those portraits in which were preserved the features of the best and wisest Englishmen of two generations.' The Princess Marie Liechenstein fills the greater part of her two volumes with a description of the innumerable objects of interest which have been brought within the walls of Holland House. Only a few of them can be mentioned here. In the Smoking-room is a Sword of Prudence which some Briton presented to Charles James Fox, on the blade o which is this inscription : ' Consider well— weigh strictly right and wrong ; Resolve not quick ; but, once resolved, be strong.' . Brougham slept at Holland House the night before he made his extraordinary speech in the Queen's trial. In the morning his host found him writing, and suspected him o touching up the peroration once more; but the great orator was at work on an Education Bill ! It was the habit to pun on his name. Lord Holland perpetrated the following : ' There's a wild mtn at large doth roam — A giant wit ! They call him Brougham— And well metkinks they may ; He deals, whene'er he speaks or acts With friends and foes and laws and facts In such a tHvepinf way.' Brougham was a frequent and welcome guest at the man eion. ' When in his later years became to. spend an ho J or two in Holland House, he would often sit moodily down, and, missing the friendly faces of bygone days, he has mor» tfym once even burst into tears.' An immense mass of MSS. is treasured up at Holland House, many of which are connected with men of letter* and art. Among them is one of great interest respecting Napoleon, who had always been friendly with the Pol family, by whom he was much admired. At his death he bequeathed to Lady Holland the snuff-box which had been presented to him by Pope Pius VI., in 1797. Lord Carlisle heard of this gift, and expostulated with Lady Holland in a number of verses, of which a sample may be quoted : ' Lady, reject the gift, 'tis tinged with gore ! Those crimson spots a dreadful tale relate. It has been grasp-d by an infernal power And by that hand which seal'd young Enghien's fate. '? Lady, rcjcct the gift, beneath its lid Discord, and slaughter, and relentless war, With every plague to wretched man, lie hid— Let not these loose, to range the world afar. f ? t t ' Pollute not then these scenes - the gift destroy : 'Twill scare the Dryads from that lerely shade, With them will fly all rural peace and joy, And screaming fiends their verdaunt haunts invade.' What a marvellous snuff-box it must have been to have contained 'discord and slaughter and relentless war!' Poor Lord. Carlisle advised Lady Holland to ' plunge tha curst mischief in wide ocean's flood ' — though if it likely to work such devastation on land, it would have been hardly fair to the 6ailors to have cast it into the sea ; but a little point like that probably did not strike the poet The lady did not reject the giit, and instead of plunging it into ' wide ocean's flood,' she gave it to the British Museum where it may be seen by any curious Englishman to-day. Tom Moore wrote about it in quite another strain than that adopted by Lord Carlisle : ' Gift of the hero, on his dying day, To her whose pity watch'd for ever nigh. Oh ! cou'd he sec the proud, the happy ray This relic lights up in ber generous eye, Sighing, he'd feel how easy 'tis to pay A friendship— all his kingdom cou'd not buy.' We pass on to notice Lord and Lady Holland, and thu brilliant salon which spread the fame of the house all over the world. The third Lord Holland was a man of whom England might be proud. He once wrote — 'Nephew of Fox and friend of Grey— Enough my meed of fame, If those who deign'd to observe me say I injured neither name.' One who knew him well wrote, ' Attached to Mr. Pox from his childhood, Lord Holland had imbibed his opinions on the great social and political questions that have moved and still agitate the world; and so thoroughly was ha imbued with the views of his uncle on these subjects, that he would have had only to dive into his own bosem to find the motives on which Mr. Fox had acted at any important crisis of his life. Love of free and popular institutions, de voted attachment to civil and religious liberty, abhorrence of persecution, indignation at oppression, contempt and disgust at hypocrisy, were the predominant and almost in stinctive virtues of both.' So successfully had Fox educated his gifted nephew ! Lord Holland waB one of the most eminent peers and in fluential statesmen of his day. His name will never be blotted out of the history of England. Lord Macaulay asserts that 'a public life more consistent is not to be found in our annals. Every part in it is in perfect harmony with every other part ; and the whole is in perfect harmony with the great principles of toleration and civil freedom. . . . We are not sure that we do not love and admire him the more because he was now and then seduced from what we regard as a wise policy by sympathy with the oppressed, by generosity towards the fallen, by a philanthropy so enlarged that it took in all nations, by love of peace, a love which in him was second only to the love of freedom, and by the magnanimous credulity of a mind which was as incapable of suspecting as of devising mischief.' When shall we have politicians in these colonies on whom such eloquent oulogiums will be pronounced by eminent historians ? Lord Holland was perhaps fonder of literature than of politics, but sometimes interfused the two, as in the fol lowing sonnet, which the Times of 1827 didn't accept ' May sudden ruin and all woe betide The shallow statesman and the seeming wise, 1 Who dread in other nations' liberties Some distant mischief to their country's pride, And view reviving Greece with jealous eyes, i 111 do they judge of England, ill would guide Her state, who falsely deem her power allied To widespread wrongs and miscreant dynasties. But safer she hath taught her virtuous sons Of late such mongrel wisdom to disdain. Man's welfare muBt be hers— through every vein In thiB large world where freedom's current runs, Her heart draws vigour, and her commeroe gain ; She joys with rescued Greece, ehe droops with fallen 8pain.' If such a sonnet were Bent to the Times in 1878, would it be refused ? The personal qualities of this distinguished peer charmed all who came into contact with him. He had a ' temper which years of pain, of sickness, of lameness, of confine ment, seemed only to make sweeter and sweeter, and that frank politeness which at once relieved all the embarrass 1 mentof the youngest and most timid writer or artist who found himself for the first time among ambassadors and I earis.' Lady Holland is described as a very beautiful woman . she certainly was extremely clever, and as eccentric as clever. She had a habit of peremptorily ordering her guests about as if they weie servants. In the midst of Macaulay's flow of talk (was it not Brougham who said that Macaulay remem bered more trash than any other man of his time Macaulay said that Brougham was ' a sort of semi-Solomon, half-knowing everything from the hyssop to the cedar )» she would say, ' Now, Macaulay, we have had enough 0 this ; give us something else.' To Sydney Smith she once said, ' Sydneiy, ring the bell ;' to which he replied, - yes ! and shall I sweep the room ?' Macaulay has left' vivid sketch of this peculiarity of her ladyship in one 0 recently published letters to his sister Hannah. He wri ® ' She is certainly a woman of considerable talents and P® ' literary acquirements. To me she was excessively yet there is a haughtiness in her courtesy which, even a all I had heard of her, surprised me. The centurion not keep his soldiers in better order than she keeps ^ guests. It is to one, ' Go,' and he goeth ; and to ano j \- Do this,' and it is done. ' Ring the bell, Mr. Macaulay. ' Lay down that screen Lord Russell ; you will 8P®' \- Mr. Allen, take a candle and show Mr. Cradst»ck_ _ picture of Bonaparte.* Lord Holland is,^ on t e hand, all kindness, simplicity, and vivacity.' Macaulay enjoyed the power of letting her ladyship down occasionally. She had the reputation of a critic in the English language. ' I happened, in speaking about the Reform Bill, to say that I wished it had been possible to form a few commercial constituencies, if that word 'con- stituency ' were admissible. ' I am glad you put that in,' gaid her ladyship; 'I was going to give it you; it is an odious word. Then there is talented, and influential , and gentlemanly. I never could break Sheridan of that word gentlemanly, though he allowed it to be wrong.' We talked about the word talents and its history. I said that it had first appeared in theological writing, that it was a metaphor taken from the New Testament, and that it had gradu ally passed from the vocabulary of divinity to common sense. I challenged her to find it many classical writer on general subjects before the Restoration, or even before the year 1700. She seemed surprised by this theory, never having, so far as I could judge, heard of tho parable of the talents. I did not tell her, though I might have done so, that a person who professes to be a critic in the delicacies of the English language ought to have the Bible at her fingers' ends." But whatever were her layship's peculiarities, she and her husband made Holland House the most distinguished resort of men of genius, learning, and influence, in Europe. A few names may be mentioned by way of sample:— Madame de Stael, Lord John Russell, Canova, Talleyrand, the two Erskines, Grattan, the two Humboldts, 'Washing- ton Irving, Curran, Thurlow, Eldon, Lyndhurst, Lord Jeffry, Sir Humphery Davey, Sheridan, Byron, Sydney Smith, Sir James Mackintosh, &c.;, &c.; It has been said that ' from 1799 till 1840 there was hardly in England a distinguished man in politics, science, or literature, who had not been a guest at Holland House.' ' The world has rarely seen,' wrote Sydney Smith's daughter, ' and will rarely, if ever, see again, all that was be found in Holland House. Genius and merit, in what ever rank in life, became a passport there, and all that was choicest and rarest in Europe seemed attracted to the spot aB to their natural soil.' Macaulay has eloquently sketched Lord Holland's salon. He says those who knew it ' will recollect how many men who have guided the politics of Europe, who have moved great assemblies by . and eloquence, who have put life into bronze and canvas, or who have left to posterity things so written as it shall not willingly let them die, were there, that was loveliest and gayest in the society o most splendid of capitals. They will remember how the debate was discussed in one corner, and the last comedy of Scribe in another ; while Wilkie gazed with modest ad miration on Sir Joshua's Baretti ; while Mackintosh turned over Thomas Aquinas to verify a quotation ; while Talley rand related his conversations with Banns at the Luxern bourg, or his ride with Lannes over the field of Austerlitz.' And yet this same man, writing a homely letter to his sister, said : ' I would rather be quietly walking with you, and the great use of going to these fine placesns to learn how happy it is possible to be without them. Indeed, I care so little about them that I certainly should not Lave gone to-day but that I thought I should be. able to find materials for a letter that you might like.' How the brother towers over the essayist '. Greville, in hi? memoirs, has numerous references to Holland House. Let the following be taken as an indication of his appreciation of the circle theie : — ' The tableau of the house is this:— Before dinner, Lady Holland affecting ill ness and almost dissolution, but with a very respectable appetite, and after dinner in high force and vigour ; Lord Holland, with his chalkstones and unable to walk, lying on hiscouchandtalkingaway; LuttrellandRogerswalkingabouti ever and anon looking despairingly at the clock, and making short excursions from the drawing-room ; Allen, stlrly and disputatious, poring over the newspapers, and replying in monosyllables to whatever is said to him. The grand topic of interest, far exceeding the Belgian or Portuguese ques tions, was the illness of Lady Holland's page, who has got a tumour in his thigh. This ' little creature,' as Lady* Holland 'h11h a great hulking fellow of about 20, is called 'Edear,' his real name being Tom or Jack, which he changed on being elevated to his present dignity, as the popes do when they are elected to the Tiara. More rout is made about him than other people are permitted to make about their children, and the inmates of Holland House are invited and compelled to go and sit with and amuse him. Such is the social despotism of this strange house, which presents an odd mixture of luxury and constraint, of en joyment physical and intellectual, with an alloy of small disagrements. Talleyrand generally comes about 10 or 11 o'clock, and stays as long as they will let him. Though evervbody who goes there finds something to abuse or to ridicule in the mistress of the house, or its ways, all con tinue to go; all like it more or less; and whenever, by the death of cither, it shall come to an end, a vacuum will he created in society which nothing can supply. It is the houBe of all Europe; the world will suffer by the loss; and it may, with truth, be said that it will ' eclipse the gaiety of the nations.' ' __ _ , Byron^ in his younger days, thought the circle at Holland House had conceived an enmity towards him, and in his ' English Bards and .Scotch Reviewers ' he retaliated thus: 'Blest be the banquets spread at Holland House, Where Scotchmen feed, and critics may carouse! Lone, long beneath that hospitable roof Bhall Grub-street dine, white duns are kept aloof.' But he lived to regret and apologise for his lines, to dedicate his 'Bride of Abydos' to Lord Holland, and to spend some brilliant hours under the ' hospitable roof.' Perhaps of all the guests none was more welcome than Sydney Smith. His daughter married a Holland. There is hardly a room in the old mansion to which some of his jokes have not attached themselves. *' When in good spirits the exuberance ot his fancy showed itself in the most fantastic images and most ingenious absurdities, till his hearers and himself were at times fatigued with the mer- j riment they excited. He had the art too of divesting per sonalities of vulgarity, and not infrequently the object of his wit was seen to enjoy it quite as much as others ; in fact, many persons rather felt it a compliment when Sydney Smith singled them out for sport.' ' I have often heard,' writes Sydney Smith's daughter, ' my father speak of his first introduction to Holland House — the most formidable ordeal, considering the talents of the host and hostess, and the society always to be found there, that a young and obscure man could well go through. He was filiy, too, then ; but I believe, in spite of the shyness, they boo n Acknowledged his merit#, and deemed him no unmeet company for their world — and what a world it was !' Sydney Smith and Lord Holland got on particu larly well ' together ' The same intense love of public liberty and public happiness, the same exquisite enjoyment of wit and iumour, the same clearness and conciseness of understanding, with great constitutional gaiety of spirits, made their conversation more charming to listen to th«n it is well possible to conceive without having done so, and evidently productive of die purest enjoyment to themselves. It was short, varied, interspersed with wit, illustration, and anecdote on both sides ; in short, it was the perfection of social intercourse, a sort oi J mental dram-drinking , rare as it was delightful.'' Was it not in the select liferaiy circle of Holland House that Sydney Smith ie marked that many of the most eminent men in' the world had been diminutive in person : and then added: ' Why, look there atJeffry; and there is my little friend ? , who has not body enough to cover his mind decently with ; his intellect is improperly exposed ! ' He introduced Mr. Allen to the Holland family, amidst which that gentleman was so great a favourite that he took up his residence at the house, and even dared to die there. Not long before his death, Sydney Smith wrote to Lady Holland: — 'I am sorry to hear Allen is not well : but the reduction of his legs is a pure and unmixed {rood : they are enormous— they are clerical! He has the creed of a philosopher and the legs of a clergyman ; I never saw 6uch legs— at least, not belonging to a layman'.' The third Lord Holland died at Holland House on October 22, 1840. The fourth Lord Holland was British Minister I at Florence. He greatly improved the 'glorious old fabric, for whioh he had th greatest affection.' His ospitalitv especially abounded towards those political exiles who sought rest and peace in liberty-loving England. He died at Naples. His widow now ' presides in Holland House over a pleasant and clever salon, where Englishmen and foreigners assemble,' and so keep up the traditions of 'the house of all the nations.' Population, Mortality, and Tongues. — A recent Belgian publication shows that the actual population of the earth is about a thousand millions, about equally divided between males and females. Every year about 38,000,000 die ; every day, 91,334 ; every hour, 3780 ; every minute, 60. Therefore, there . is a death every second.' n civilized countries there are more births than deaths; but the whole world considered, the number of the former is about equal to that of the latter. More people are born and die in the night time than in the day, and gener ally speaking, low-sized men die before those of tall stature. Eight thousand and sixty-four languages are spoken in the world— 587 in Europe, 896 in Asia, 276 in Africa, and 1264 in America. HOLLAND HOUSE (Grand Staircase). 