WHEN GEORGE THE THIRD WAS KING. The pursuits which the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different from those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to witness, and the march, or rather, full gallop of intellect has produced wondrous changes. The old, quiet, respectable, dull, slow, humdrum routine has given way to the fast railway pace, and those that do not go ahead are considered " regnlar muffs." In bygone times no young lady could be seen abroad except nnder the surveillance of a rigid chaperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabs were not in prospective existence, and, had they existed, no well- bred married or single woman wonid have entered them. There were few female equestrians, ©r, as the late Charles Mathews called them, Bne- quest nans," to be met with in the parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk in the square or Kensington. Gardens, attended by a Uiaiii ; an hour s practice on the pianoforte, a dancing ©r drawing lesson, ocoupied the time . until the ghost of a luncheon — cake and home- made wi&e; was announced. Then a drive in the heavy family conch in Hyde Park, between Apeley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the afternoon's amusement. Five o'clock tea was unknown ; and at 6, or lalf past 6 at latest, and that only in ultra- jiashionable houses, dinner was on the table — a plain substantial meal, as unlike the apician feasts of the present day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electric light, as the old flint and steel fowltng-piece is to the modern breech-loader, as the Hampton Court holiday van is to the Queen's State carriage, or any other comparison tn at may suggest itself to my readers. An occasional visit to a private box at Coven t Garden or Drury Lane (for there were no stalls, and the public boxes were deemed only fit for the plebeians), or an evening at the King's ineatre, where ia creme de la creme gathered to talk and receive visits in their boxes, more than io enjoy the strains of a Catalini, Grassini, or tfaldi. With the exception cf a children's or roung persons' party to Astley's or Sadler's Veils, no other minor theatre was ever at tended by the female aristocracy. The bai's generally commenced at 10 o'clock, seldom lasting later - than I, lemonade, orgeat, white wine and port negus, tea, cakes, and the smallest, thinnest sandwiches, were all the re freshment the tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long, tedious country dance, or graceful minuet. What a contrast does this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season ? Let me give in the farm of a fast young lady's diary : — " Called at 10. Read the MorningPost ; break fast, tea, toast, and a grilled bone in bed or dressing-room. Twelve — horses at the door — a ride in Rotten Row until half past 1, when, as horsy coasin Frank said, " all heads were turned to the manger Anglic 6 luncheon. Luncheon at 2, first-rate Badmington and champagne cup well iced. An hour or two at Prince's, 4 till 7 a drive in the park. Dinner half past 8, ball at 12, sitting down supper, soup, etc., champagne ad libitum, Cotillon at half past 3, home at 4. — Fashion Then and Now," by Lord William Pitt Lennox. 