? OUR FIRST LODGING. . PART n.—Concluded. The day did not begin under very, favorable auspices. It rained still, and tliere ; was aliigli wind, though, as usual, the fury bf "the storm had abated when day came on. But within the old mansion there , was little contentment. Breakfast was late ; the kettle did hot boil,'and the eggs were overdone. The ràshèr^ was. carbonised,, and thé toast as cold and' sodden as it should have been crisp and hot. Jane's demeanor was very odd. She went about in à state of ' nascent hysterics, sobbed behind doors, and was as mute as if rehearsing thé character of Fenella for a private dramatic rendering . of Peveril of th« Peak. With all this; our small servant had a singular air. of resentment, and took Carry's comfortings in anything but an amiable spirit, being evidently disposed to hold her employers personally responsible for the miseries of the previous night. This insubordinate feeling broke out into flat rebellion when, after breakfast, Carry and I prepared to start for Shinglesea. Then Jane found a tongue to say that she couldn't, no, nor wouldn't, be left alone all day in that orful house. Sooner than that, she would set off herself, and walk barefoot -par Exeter, if there wasn't a Christian nearer. She meant no offence, and was very 8orry,butput upon to that extent she could not bear to be, for any considerations of wages and tea and sugar ; and how master and missis could so' ' expect, ' it Jane's imagination to conceive. Now, this from Jane was a very remarkable outburst. Our small retainer was a good little creature, belonging.to a respectable family of hard-working churchgoers, and she had herself been a sort of prize pupil in the Shinglesea school, and one whom Carry had taught many a time,; and had rendered neatly perfect in the geography of Canaan and the names of the kings. She was one of those demure young persons who really seem content to do their duty unrepiningly in a yeiy humble station, and we were proportionably unprepared for even constructive sedition on her part. But fear is a great leveller ; and I had to explain to Carry that the girl's dread of being left alone in the old house was natural and reasonable after such anight of confusion, r and that -1 was < sure no wilful disrespect was intended. Leaving my wife, therefore, to put her former pupil, through a' course of catechism, as the best means'of sobering her ruffled temper, I fetched an old woman,from the adjoining village; and this ancient matron, for the guerdon of a shilling, willingly agreeing to bear Jane company until our return, my wife and I took our umbrellas and walked to Shinglesea through the rain. For the rain, however, Carry cared little ; and indeed, as the day wore on, she recovered her spirits amazingly, and became qaite her own dear self ajgain. 1 confess that. I felt not a little ashamed when' I found myself in the midst of an open-mouthed and open-eyed circle of relations and friends, the hero of a ghost-story.. The report spread far and wide, and nearly every one who had the pleasure of an acquaintance with the Dawkins family came, crowding in to hear and to talk. One might have thought the parsonage was on fire, so great was the press towards that modest clerical dwelling. Opimons varied : intense excitement, hungry, horror-stricken curiosity, and a kind of savouring and relishing of the supernatural element in' the tale—such -were the prevailing symptoms. ' What an escape we had had 1' cried a chorus of lady-voices, 1 It was declared tó be a mercy our hair had not turned gray in a single night, like that of certain 'personages, in modern history. And how brave Mr "Wiltpn h'bd been ! At hearing which unmerited praise, I winced. Pretty bravery, to run like à hare before the greyhounds, bécaus^ abat flew in my face, and the candle Tverit out, and there were some odd 'noises that I could not exactly account for ! : I grew quite cross as Carry herself joined the others in vowing that I had shown the courage of a lion. - But I, for my part, had certainly not walked down to Shinglesea for mere idle gossip. There were two or three gentlementhere whose judgment on the subject I wished to procure for my own satisfaction, as well as for the clearing up of the mystery. Among these was a doctor, reputed to have the hardest head in the watering-plase ; two retired Indian officers ; and the lieutenant in charge of the coast-guard station, a quick-witted downright sailor, not easily to be taken in. 1 These, and several other friends of both sexes, willingly accompanied us back to the Old Manor-house ; and a very thorough search .we. made in every conceivable nook and corner, but without success. There were no signs of robbers. A hoax, on the other hand, seemed out of the question. Who were the practical jokers, at quiet Shinglesea, who "were capable of so crafty and impudent a raid upon the night's rest of an unoffending neighbour ? And how, above all, could such obtrusive wags have found access to the house without stirring bolt, bar, or lock, and without leaving the dint of a foot in the soft mould without? The thing was preposterous. But it was easier to point out what could not, than what could have happened. The hard-headed doctor did his utmost to persuade us and himself that ephialtes, or nightmare, an excited imagination, and BO forth, had been the true causes of what he choose to call our singular hallucination of thepastnight; but it was a lame theory at best, and had soon not a leg left to stand ° n j Tlie naval lieutenant hunted high and low, like a terrier Beeking a rat ; and the Indian officers broached a number of ingenious hypotheses as to wind, trees, echoes, dripping water, loose slates, mice, crumbling ruins, and chimneys in which owls and jackdaws built their nests ; but nobody was in the least degree satisfied with these efforts to explain away the noises of a few hours since. There remained the ghost belief pure and simple, but to that every one was ashamed to give in his adherence. So people frowned, and peeped into the deserted rooms, and went down to the cellars, or •what was left of them, for much of the roofing had fallen in ; and stones, bricks, the crushed fragments of broken winebottles, and the decayed bins where once claret had been stored, blocked up the entrance. The search led to no result. Heads were shaken, and the business was pronounced decidedly a queer one ; but as for bur slumbers being broken by ghosts, that, of course, was all sheer nonsense. For all that, several of our friends urged us very much to return with them to Shinglesea, and not to spend another night under the roof of the Manor-house ; but to this we would not consent. I was piqued and, angry with myself for not having probed the affair to the bottom, and I certainly did not choose to shew the wliite-feathęr by running away at the first alarm. Carry, dear girl, for my sake affected to be. very confident that the disturbance would not recur, and stoutly refused to accept a bed at the parsonage. 'No, no,' she said with a laugh ; ' it was all very absurd, and no doubt caused by something very harmless, if only we knew what. Had she not heard of haunted houses before this, that proved to have got a bad name through rats, or cats, or some such creatures? No; she would stay ; and Charles, who had been so cool and brave through it all, would take car» of her. ' Our friends left us then. The stir and bustle of the incursion of visitors had cheered up Jane a little ; but after dark, her spirits went down to zero, and she manifested such extreme unwillingness to remain alone in the enormous kitchen, that my wife called her into her rpom to talk to her for half an hour or so, while I strolled up and down under the windows that overlooked the garden, smoking my cigar as I racked my brains to guess some answer to the dark riddle that had been BO disagreeably set before me.. When. I camé indoors, I f„und my wife ratïer agitated.' Jane's tongue had been busy, and she had retailed to Carry a great deal of legendary information derived from the garrulous old beldam whom I had hired fiom the village to keep the girl company. 'O Charley, dear,' said my wife eagerly, but reluctant, too, to speak out,, 'that old Mrs Simçox has been turning Jane's head, telling her such terrible things.' I did not doubt it, and to this effect I answered with a smile. • Don't laugh, dear,' said Carry, ' for perhaps ——: Yours is a very old family. Do you know that, ever so long ago, one of your ancestors was—hanged ?' f ' Not to my knowledge, love,' I said : 1 daresay, however, that manv of them deserved it.! . But Carry began to cry. It was no ^ W matter, she said. One of the Wiltons, three hundred years since, had, \- t0 Shac ° x popular report, being guilty of a dreadful crimeno less than a double murder, one of the victims : being his young wife, unjustly suspected of infidelity, and the other I gentlemag fcop a neighbouring county, a kinsman and guest of the mujderer, who fell upon him with the help of hired ruffians, and treacherously put him to death, after a valiant resistance. It was added that the doer of the deed had been righteously condemned to death, but had bought his pardon by a bribe, and had soon afterwards miserably perished in a snowstorm on the moors, when belated in hunting. Further, that at frequent but uncertain intervals, the hideous scene of the murder, in all its horrors, was reenacted under the accursed roof of the Old Manor-house, whence its evil repute and the fact that no one, sai e only Squire George, who feared nothing, had for many a year dared to inhabit it. Now, this ugly old history, embellished very likely by tradition, had still about it something of the stamp of truth. My father waB not a man given to talk of genealogy, but I did remember to have heard him say something of an ancestor sentenced to death, in good Queen BesB's golden days, and who escaped, by buying the good word of some needy court favourite. My father had mentioned this as a mere casual illustration of the corruption of that Old England which we see through a haze of romance, but I began to Buspect that the tale might be very nearly an authentic one. And if so, how' appropriate was the hellish din of the past night ! What more natural, given a belief in ghosts, and. in their power of haunting the scenes of their crimes or sufferings, than that the noiseB we had heard should be actually produced by the restless spirits of the actors in this Elizabethan drama. I was staggered, but not convinced. There was something almost too plausible in the adjustment of the scenic effects to the characters ; and a suspicion that I was, after all, merely the dupe of some wily trickster, rose up in my breast. 1 did my best to laugh the matter off with Carry, and we went to bed without expressing any apprehensions. The night passed quietly. There was no unusual sound, and I was half-provoked at the lull that had succeeded to the previous stormy weather. The day passed as quietly, and then it was night again. Then, indeed, we had noise enough. All the horrors of the. first alarm were renewed. Again the -wild demon laughter broke the stillness suddenly. Again the swords clashed; the angry, inarticulate threats mingled with the tread of heavy feet, and the piercing agonised screams of a woman rang through the house from garret to cellar. This time I was deaf to Carry's prayers, and with a bull's-eye lantern, which I had in readiness, and a revolver, borrowed from my friend the naval lieutenant, I searched high and low, exploring all the west wing, even to the ruined turret—in vain. It was a fearful night, and Carry quite broke down ; while I, unable to calm her, longed for morning. When it was broad daylight, Jane was returned as missing. She had run away home to her parents at Shinglesea, as soon as she could gain courage from the first glimpse of welcome sunshine ; and I had, -with unaccustomed hands, to light the kitchen fire, and prepare, as best I .-.ould, our comfortless breakfast. -, My wife's wliite cheeks and swollen eyes filled me with a sort of ' remorse. ' After breakfast, my darling,' said I, ' I wjll send a farm-lad down to Shinglesea for a fly, and we will go down at once, 'and take a temporary lodging, since here, of course, we cannot remain.' Carry, sobbing, threw her arms round my neck, and kissed ' me, declaring that I had taken a load off her heart, for she had made up her mind not to ask to be taken away from that dreadful, dreadful place, if I were really bent on stopping, but the horror of it was killing her. We want to Shinglesea accordingly ; and while Carry and her sisters sallied forth in search of rooms, I went at once to the station, and knocked at the door of the coast- guard lieutenant's quarters. 'You just come in the nick.of time, Wilton, my dear fellow,' he said, laughing, ' for I have been explaining your troubles to Mr Springer here, the new superintendent, whom you have heard of.' I had heard of this new chief of the Shinglesea,police as a very good officer, formerly a London detective, and who was said to have effected some remarkable captures in his former capacity. I found him to be a, thin, quiet-looking man, tightly buttoned up in his dark-blue braided^ surtout, but . with nothing noteworthy in his appearance beyond a peculiar patient expression of the eye. He heard me out without' interruption/ asked a few questions in a vpiy-..modest. way, ąnd made a memorandum ór two'in liis pocketbook. ' Superintendent Springer, I need hardly say, does not go in. for the ghost theory, Wilton, mv boy,' remarked the lieutenant, with twinkling eyes. The astute Superintendent Springer coughed apologetically. He i could not, he said, give any decided opinion on that head. . Ghosts, as ghosts, might be all very well. ' He believed there was some diversity among the learned and the . clergy as to what ghosts could do, and as to what they could not. , He, -Silaą Spring», .was a-plain, man/ and could only deal with, sparse common flesh and blood. We wouldn't ask 1 him, he was sure, to catch hold of a ghost by the coat collar, or to slip a pair of handcuffs over a ghost's wrists. Naturally not. But what Mr Superintendent Springer could, and did, ask the lieutenant and myself to do, was to step ? n 1. w 6 P0llee station at half-past ten o clock to a minute; and, further, to keep the fact of this appointment a profound secret from our nearest and dearest, faihngwhich precaution the spell might bë „' °V° em &y; m SUaa Springer's ' Easy conditions for me, Charley,' said my naval friend, as we shook hands and parted, seeing that my nearest and dearest are a set of tough old tarpaulins, with big whiskers and glazed hats, always tending, their potatoes and children when off the duty of peering through Admiralty telescopes after imaginary smugglers. But how you are to keep Mrs Wilton in the dark, from now till half- past ten, is more than a profane bachelor like mvself can pretend to say. Not that either of us know anything. If there is a secret, springer keeps it very much to himself. But he is not the sort of fellow to give a useless warning.' A long, dreary afternoon it was, considering the almost perpetual gabble of tongues, and the bewildering amount of comment and conjecture rained upon my devoted head. I found, to my surprise, that half the people in Shinglesea knew the ghost stoiy; and that as for my having had an ancestor constructively hanged (some said two or three) for a particularly atrocious homicide, this was matter of notoriety, only that no one had quite liked to mention it to me, on account of the feelings of the family. Of course, we could never go back to the Old Manorhouse again ; and of course, too, to sublet was . hopeless ; and what a dead weight upon us the rent would be, since it is not open to plead in a court of justice that ghosts, like bug?, render a house unfit for humanhabitation. This sort of Job's comfort went on all day, and very glad I was when night banished the greater part of my tormentors. Ten came, a quarter past, twenty minutes ; and telling Carry that I had promised to ' look in'and smoke a cigar with the lieutenant, and that she must not be frightened if I chanced to be a little late, off 1 went, rather against my dear little wife's wish, but that was better than bringing on a parody on the parting of Hector and Andromache, by any hint of my intention to go back to the fatal Manor-house. At the police station, I found two carriages standing ready, each with a policeman beside the driver. ' You, Mr Wilton, and the lieutenant,' said Superintendent Springer, ' will perhaps condescend to go up in this fly. I, with this gent, go in the other.' The ' gent' in question was a slinking, under-hung, sidling fellow of five-andthirty, dressed in ill- fitting new clothes of a flashy character, and with, a shallow black eye and a mean, cringing manner. He seemed very deferential to Mr Springer, and followed that officer as a dog might have done. Off we drove ; and before we were within sight of Wilton, both .carriages , stopped, and we alighted. A group of men, sheltered under a bank, evidently awaited us there. 'This is Mr Burke, the superintendent of the county police, 'said the ex-detective, by way of introduction ; ' and these are some of his people, and some of mine.— The men are posted round the house I suppose, Superintendent Burke T 'I'll defy a mouse to get out of it,' said Mr Burke, who was a policeman of few words. ' Now, gentlemen,' said Mr Springer, 'if you'll only please to come quietly after me, the constables will follow. We couldn't venture to drive nearer, because of the giving alarm by the wheels.' No more was said. The superintendent, and the slinking uneasy person who was now his inseparable companion, led the way, and we soon came in sight of the old house. Avoiding the carriage-road, our conductor led us, to iny .surprise, direct to the wooded dingle, some bowshot distance from the dwelling, and we all crushed our way, as best we might, through the rank nettles, and the hazel branches and brambles. Suddenly, our actual guide—the ill-looking fellow in the glossy new clothes—stopped, rubbed his forehead very, hard with a red cotton handkerchief, and'drew a deep breath or two, like a swimmer after a plunge. 'S'elp you all,' he said hoarsely ; ' you'll speak up to say I corned here of my.own freewill. I'm not to be clapped behind the spikes along of the lot of them?' This appeal, collectively addressed, was' to me but dimly intelligible,, but the police superintendent made encouraging answer, to the effect that if thp last speaker 3faB. 'on the square,' so were we. Hereupon, the ill-looking man stooped,. and, groping among the trailing vegetation at his feet, by a great effort dragged open what seemed to be à trap-door, of old and corroded wood, but so artfully dissembled by mosB and. spungy turf, feed on it, as it was afterwards proved, by the help of some waterproof preparation of glue, as to be imperceptible to the sharpest-eyed urchin that ever ventured to seek mushrooms or dry sticks so near the haunted house. This trap-door, ouce lifted, revealed a set of broken stone steps leading into a vaulted passage, chill and dismal as a grave. This we traversed on tiptoe, according to the whispered instructions of our guide ; and after stumbling over heaps of rubbish, we found ourselves in a cellar, empty, save for a few shattered ale- butts, and where the bull'seye lanterns of the policemen shewed us many a dangerous hole in the broken floor. A few steps more, and the gleam of light through the chinks in a rude wooden partition, and the hum of voices, warned us to extra caution. ' Are ye ready, mates ?' asked our guide in an excited whisper, as he grasped the handle of a door. The superintendent nodded assent. The door was flungopen, and we rushed into a large apartment, lighted byseveral lamps, and were received by a frantic hubbub of amazement, rage, and execration, as we suddenly intruded on the scientific privacy of seven men and a woman, all busily at work, withdippingbaths, furnace, crucibles, galvanic batteries and moulds of plaster of paris, in counterfeiting her Majesty's gold and silver coinage, according to the most approved principles of that felonious art in which they were adepts. There was a smarts scuffle, and I think I knocked somebody down. I hope, with all my heart, that it was the scoundrel who had acted as choirmaster in the horrible concert of the previous night. At last, handcuffs were locked on the rascally wrists of all these subterranean felons ; but it was terrible to hear the threats which they still directed against Slinking Joe, their treacherous accomplice, who had, it seemed, _ been on. that very morning detected in Shinglesea in the act of passing off bad money, with, ten pewter half- crowns in his pocket, and who had preferred to turn Queen's evidence to expiating his offence against the laws. I have not much more to tell. The revelations of Slinking Joe proved the means of breaking up the oldest and most mischievous gang of coiners in the west of England.^ These miscreants, fully appreciating the advantages of a haunted house, and having by accident discovered the secret passage leading to the abandoned cellarage, had taken good care to frighten away, by diabolicaL noises, any tenant whose presence might prove unwelcome. One other result there did accrue from this capture : in a drawer of an old bureau, in this coiners' den, was found a will superseding that which gave the : Wilton estate to Greenwich Hospital, and by which Uncle George left all he had to ' my dear brother, Major Wilton, and his heirs male, for -ever.' No doubt, this piece of furniture, which was half full of counterfeit shillings, had been carried down-stairs by the coiners, ignorant of the value of their prize. And thus the Wilton property came back to us, after all. 