§g % Itaan Ifyxkx, BY WAIF WANDEE. Many years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in ono of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to tho present site of the Circular Quay, and at about three o'olook in the afternoon the bright sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. The figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. He was well-featured, but not pleasant-faced— a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinate firm ness of lip, that denoted determination tnd surliness of temper. He was attired in dark trbwsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat; he carried a stout whip in his brown hand, and the clerk set him down at once as a country wool- grower down with his waggons. ' There's a ship expected in by your folk, ain't there— a [ship called the Wave of Life' he asked. 'She's in,' replied the young man at the desk; 'there she lies,' and he pointed with the handle of his pon toward a brig that bad not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. 'In? is she? Ah! And she has brought out some women, hasn't she? some servants I mean P' 'Yes, she has eighteen females on board, I believe.' 'What would be the best way to engage one P Oan I take a boat and go out to the vessel f' 'Bhe's discharging her- passengers now ; I'm going down to the wharf in a few moments; you oan come along if you like, and you'll have en opportunity of seeing the women es they land.' In a few moments, as the clerk had said, they were on their way to the wharf, and as they reached it a couple of boats were making their way toward the shore. It was evident that the boats were principally occupied by females, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new country, in which everything seemed: so strange to their unaccustomed eyes. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy-browed wompn, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that seemed to take in everything around her and analyse it, as far as her own personal interest was concerned. She was not .Teryyoung-^shenughthavebeen thirty—* and - sho looked 3ike a woman who would not lose her way even in so great a continent as Australia. \- As they landed and were met upon the wharf by many whom curiosity or businSM had led to see the new arrivals, the woman I havo dotoribed stood a UtUo apart, looking keenly from faoe to f toe of the strangers around, and listen ing sharply to what passed between those who. sought to engage a servant from among her late companions. Her ap pearance teemed to attract the man who bad come down with the fsnipping-olerk, and bo moved toward Lor. ,'.* Are you looking fur ? situation, my (rirl P' he askod, bending Ws brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his broad hat. ' I supposo so,' she answered, as she returned hie store with interest. ' Have you one to offer uio I' ' I have. I am just down to engage a woman.' , ' For what kind of work P' ' Housework, in the country.' ' And the wages f' 'Oh, wo Won't quarrel about tho wages. If you will come with mo I'll give you the highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that I know it isn't every girl would care to take it.' ' How far away is it ?' 'Over forty miles. Just uudor tho first spur of the Blue Mountains.' Tho woman laughed. It was not a pleasant laugh to hour — it wu» harsh and shallow. ' I'm as wise as I was before. What do I know about your Blue Moun tains or your Orecn Mountain! t Thore'a one thinn I'd liko to ask you, my good ?nan. What luade you piok ma out of all those girls to ask mo P My looks are not in my favour I know.' ' Pnrhaps it was because they are not that I preferred you. You look liko a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frigbtouud at a trino. That's tho sort of woman I wont.' ' Well, you're right ; that's about my charaotor, aud if wo agreo nhout terms I think I'll go. Them Uluo Mountains of yours will liavo to bo vnry high indued it thoy knop mo from coming back to Sydney if 1 have a mind to.' and slo laughed again tho atraigo, disagroealilo laugh I romarkod on beforu. ')Jut ono thing I way as Wi'll tell youatonoe, I don't go ono foot with you or uny man until I'm taken to souio well-known porson of this city that will vmcli for your decenoy and rcsnoalebility.' 'That is but fauy1 ho auid, 'and I agroo to it.' ' And now you may give mo a uamo to oall you by,' she said. 'My own name is Martha 'Wilderness. ' 'And mine Mark Blum.' ' You'ro not a foreigner P' ' ' No, but I expect eoinn of my pooplo wore Gonnaus. Now, Martha Wilder ness, if you will point out your luggago, I'll got it takon to tho place I put up at, and where you may as well put up ut too. Thoy aro rospectublo people thoro, and have known mo for years.' Apparently all was nrrangod to the woman's satisfaction, for the earliest sunrays of tho next morning saw tho waggon of Mark Blum on its way to tho Bluo Mountains, with Murtha Wildornosa sitting under tbo tilt, but noar tho front, whore she could seo tho lino toaui of horses and talk to tho gloomy-looking ownor as bo drovo. They woro a strango couplo as thoy joggod along, and had anyone have been thoro to obBervo them, it must have boon commented on. Hours and hours of the long summer duy thny sat them in silonoe, uioh apparently immersed in unpleasant thought, totally irre spective of the oxistenoo of the other, only arousing occasionally as some stoppage was necessary, or the wants of thn fmrnos had to 1-» nttondod to. When the sun was falling benoith the horizon, however, and lh»y woro but a littlo way from thn pluoo Mum Wl told the woman ho should camp out for tho night, a new mood aoomud to overtake thu immigrant. Clapping her hands together, so suddonly that Blum turned and lookod at her with u start, slin criort, ' Well, we're nice company ! How far havo wo come, Mr. Bluiu?' ' Woll, wo' re about thirty miles from Hydnoy, and about (if toon from the Nopoau. My placo is not far from Emu Ford, and if tho moon wasn't no old, I'd givo tho horsos a rost and gut in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high, you soe,' and ho poiuto'l to the palo crescont that was drooping towards tbo trees. ' Aro you tirod f' he askod. 'Tired! no, not I — I'm never tirod at night. I'm liko the cats, and tho bats, anA ffin fata * T nnlv 1in-l£n ta bn ulivu wbon tho world goos to sleop. My I but thin is a fine country 1' Blum lookod woii'loringly at tho spoakir, who seoinod in earnest in her admiration of ono of tho most depressing bits of soenory tho whole roa-i between Parramatta and tho Nopoan could show, Thoy had reached a low, marshy spot, where the coarse vogetation was low, and where tho heavy timber had receded in the direction of tho not now distant Nepean rivor. The aun had fairly sot by this time, and broad, dark clouds from the east woro creeping up tho sky, darkening and deepening the shadows, and rendering tho long, low marsh even gloomior looking than had tho day fight fallen upon its surface. The woman's eyos woro roaming oagerly over tho desolate landscape, us if she thoroughly enjoyed it, and her com panion began to think bo had got to deal with a very etrango woman. ' If you really liko the look of Borra Kwamp,' ho said, 'you must bo very different from other pooplo.' 'I am vory different from other pooplo, Mr. Blum, and so are you. It was because I saw that at the firot look that I wanted to 'fiotna up to tho Bluo Mountains with you.' ' Saw whalP' ho asked sharply, turn ing a dork look upon the speaker. 'Saw that you bad a secret in your fooo, that thoro was down in your heart a dark something to hide that you were afraid would look out of your eyos ! Oh, I'm a rare ono to road faces, especially when they're bod ones like your's.' Blum stared at her with such anger and consternation that he forgot bis team, and bad they not been accustomed to the road. they might havo passed the track that led to the river side, where be was in the habit of camping, but they took it of their own accord, and the chango drew tho driver's attention to tbotn. ' You're no coward, at all events, my good woman,' he said, 'and I must have a talk to you in plain language presently.' 'No, I'm no coward,' she roturnod; 'if I was I shouldn't have come with you; and as for plain language, that's the sort I like to deal in sometimes,' she added, with a slight hesitation as though recalling a something that she had over looked? It was far pleasanter down by the river. Trees grew on its murmering banks, and green grasses hid the dark ground, and in the growing darkness even there a deep gloom lay nnder the spreading branches of the dark pines that bordered the Nepoan. There was no word exchanged between the ungenial companions until the hones had been attended to, and a rough meal prepared and partaken of, but when tlitt :wa* cleared away, Martha Wilderness spoke. ' Now, master,' she Mid, with a ur oaltio emphasis, ' we're ready for tint plain language of yours. What's tho busiiicis you have trapped me for at tho Bluo Mountains P' ' Trtippnd you for f' ho repeated. ' Or thought you trapped mo for, where all along it was you. that vat trapped I'1 and again, tho strange laugh foil repellsnUy on tho cars of nor now employer. ' ' I laid no trap for you,' ho retorted. ' I engaged you for housswork in the book country, and you signed an agree ment to do it.' 'Yes, but whou 1 signed that agree ment, I never asked you what sort pf housework it was. Dd you think any fool couldn't see in your faeo tlat it wasn't for sweeping floors and wishing ?liiilieu you wanted u stroug-iniadod aud able-bodied woman to go to tho Blue Mountains with yon f By tie way, what do thoy Call tboiu bluo for ? Arc thoy bluo P' It was a sudden change of subject, and oioited the suspicions of Blum. Hu loukod ut tho woman, thinking what a poculiiir boing sho must bo, and felt a strange curiosity to know what was pass ing in her iniuu. Suroly it «u utterly impossible for a woman just lauded from n voyagu of many thousands of miles to know anything of hit lifo, whon not ono in the country ho dwolt in Buaixwtod its ?reality P Martha was sitting on tbo gnus, with her back loaning aguinst n log, and the low moon sinking beyond tho glittering watui-s, throwing itn Fail light on her pale faco. film had tukou off her bonuot and tossinl it on tho ground bosido licr, where it still lay, and hi-r hand with it. Ilium sat on a bit of wood at tbo dis tauoo of a few fout from hor, nud bis shouldor was toward the moon. Ono side of his luce was in (loop shadow, aud thd brim of his hat M\ low over his fora hnad ; but oven in Ilia palo moonlight the pallor of tho man's faco win liko a whito putcli UKuiimt the dark background, and bio nyos nhono lika conls of lira. *l As Miirtliu askod tho irrelevant ques tion regarding the nuino of tbo mountain that sho could now boo the bold outline of rising up against the horizon, hor own kui'ii orbs wuru bi'iit upon Blum's facn, which slio wulclu'! wild a groatiir sus picion than was exhibited in ovuu his own half-angry gaze. ' Well, she Buid, abruptly, ' why don't you toll nm why they oall them blun i thiiy look black to mo.' What tho — do 1 euro why or what thoy call thorn !' ho returned. 'Do you think I ougagod you -to oomo up to the Nopram to talk of the Bluo Mountains P' ' No, I don't ; you brought mo up to do soino dirty bod work that yoa don't want to own to yoursolf ovon now. What was it P that's what I want to know.' Uor attitude was so doterminod and aggressive, as sho partially ruisod har Bulf, and, lifting liar hand from' tho ground, hold it out boforo him with an air of comiunnd, that it, almost uncon sciously to himself, iinprciind liirn. ?? Well, that's just what I want to toll you. You're a sharp woman, you are, to havo guosscd that 1 was afraid to toll you for fear you wouldn't come. But wo'll have it out now— it's too lato to go back.' ' Yos,' sbo rcpliod, ' it's far too lato now ; what business liavo you for mo P Why did you look among all my ooni jiHtiinns, ami, passing by tlio fair aud Iolly tfirla, pick oat tuu dark, ill-taniporod ooking woman for your work.' 'Bucauso it's work that wants a strong arm und a stout will — you havo both, Martha Wilderness.' '? Yos, I havo. Seu to that,' sho said, puHhing tho looso hIiwvo up from her wrist, and showing an arm, whito as a woman's, but strong and muscular almost as a nuin'i. ' What is it you want mo to do P Is it niiir Jor P I could strangle you, I think, if I had a mind to ; ' aud putting tho onds of her strong fingers and thumbs togollier, shu gripped thorn in as though eho wore crushing tho lifo out of BOinu living thing, and listening to its gasps. Ulum nliuddorod to tho marrow of bin bones. ' No, no 1 ' hn criad, ' how can you talk liko that, woman F It's bad enough as it in. Woll, the plain English of it is Unit my wifo is mad, and I want you to look aftra hur.' 'Mad! Your wifo ipadP' Liko a knifu tho torrihio lauirhtnr of Hint strango being wont through Mark Blum. Her hauls foil to her lap, and lotting hor hcud drop back so that tho hnavy braids of hor black hair unloosed and fall upon tho log behind hor, slio laughad until tho echoes rang among the branches of tho trees abovo hor and along tho winding bank of the Nepoan rivnr. ' Woman, there is suroly nothing to laugh at in madness I' Blum criod, half in terror and half in unger. ' Isn't there P Somutiiuos it sooms to me the funnioit thing in the world is a mad woman. And so you want mo to watch your wifo, who is mad P ' ' Yos, you are not afraid of tho job I seo.' ' I told you I was no coward ; what way is sbo mad P Is she dreamy and silent?. does slio wandor with tin) moon, or kill with UP Or does she nurse and hide ono feeling down below all others, a fooling to which years ara as days, and which only gathers with time? Does she carry thut one fooling aboat wilh her from youth to ugo, and overland and seas to quonch it at last in tho blood ofanonomyP' She was liko a Pythoness, whom the evil spirit bad suddenly overpowered, at she rose suddenly and poured out burn ing and strange words, to tbo night air of tho Ncponn. In the exaggerated imagination of Mark Blum, sho seemed to loom tall and weird, in the darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemod to old a strango power over bim, and to subdue his will, liko an incantation. 'Does eho wandor about liko a ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived h-r, or of a husband she bos lost F Aro her dreams of limitless space, whore souls without bodies, flit about in tho sunless air, or of the bottomless pits of fire, whore the accursed of heaven dwell P Ha I ha I lift ! of what strango things ore the thoughts of mad women!' Blum swept the cold perspiration from bis forehead, and got up hurriedly. 'I'm beginning to think, you'ro mad yourself, my good woman, and I will take a ramble until you come to yourself. If I hadn't been in your company all day, I'd swear you had been drinking,' and he strode off into tbo darknoss. ' Fool 1' she muttered to horself, as sbo oice more sat upon the gnus ; ' ho tbinki that nothing but drink can make a woman mad — he, of all men, ought to know better F' As she ceased to speak the sounds of a quickly approaching hone's feet became distinct, and in a fow moments a horse man alighted close to the waggon. See ing the recumbent or half-reoumbent figure of the woman making the shadows darker where she tat, cs pwred forward in tlio gloom, and spoke. . 'You arc u womin, ohP Whore's BlumP' ? .:. ? * 'Horo, thsn, anywhere,' the answered, aarelosuy. . ? 'I am here, John. What hat hap ptnodl' Blum spoke sharply m n« onmo noArtho man, nod out oould haar that bis voioo trembled. 'KptbiuK that need fret yon much, Blum. Shu's doad.' , ? 'DosdF' 'Yet, aud I thought I'd bottflr m*et you with th« newt, or someone ol#« might Thcra'* all sorts of yarns at the i'urd about it, and I did not know how you'd tjdee 'cm*'* ' Yarns P' . ? . (l Yes, I haven't boon up to your plaoo sinoa you loft, you know, and it teomi someone from over tho mountains happened to pass by tho houso yesterday, and had tho curiosity to liitun at Uin door or window, wondering how you had loft your wifo. It ii said that groans were ?eard — at all avonls tho stmnger smashed iu tho door wilh your own nxo, and, found tho wotuiin dying.' ?? Not doad P not speoohlost p' ' No, sho told him that you had loft her thoro for over a week without wator and without food, and that she was dying of want. But sbo told him more, tho man said, drawing olosor and almost whispering ; ' sho told that you wished hor death, lest she should inform of your Crimea, and that alio had nnvor l-oon mad. Mark Blum, I rodn horn to- night to give you u olianao for your lifo, for if you go to Emu Ford thny will lynch you — if they don't, doad luou liavo boon brought to light froiu thuir graves inadu tiy you, and tha law willdoyourbusiuess.' Tbo epoukor waited for an instant, but tlio wrctoliod Blum m&do; no reply, uud the man remounted without atiothor word and rodo uwiiy agaiu into tlio gloom. Blum filopd when) ha had listened, as if ho hod boon struck dumb ; in those few minutes of holploss silonco ho doubllois nufl'ured an almost utiondurablo agony from tho horror of bis own thoughts, Hu bad forgolton all but thu terrible words of the departed borsmuan, and wbon tho womnn ho bad forgotten put her huud on bis arm ho (tospod with terror, as though ho thought bis inur dnred wife bad oomo face to faaa with him in tho lono night by tho Ncpcan lliver. ' ltu ! ha ! ' oho laughad ; 'Ism not, and yot 1 am, lUo ghost of your doad wifo, At Ust, at last, Mark Blum, your sins havo ovortakon you,' ' Who arc you that talks to mo liko this P ' be cried, hoarsely, at though tho words ohokod liiui. ' If you hoard that ?nan's foolish story you noaaVt take it nil for gospoi. If I hsd meant to kill bur would I havo hired you to attend hor P ' ' Only tho Spirit of 15vil knows what unit would bo oapublo of doing, Mark Blum. / l-now what you havo dono. And so you havo murdered your second wifoP Not ovoiy man can boast of killing two wives I Tim moon was now just throwing hor lost b-Mimn full in the foci* of tho two no strangidy cast logollior in that wild and lonoly spot, and from tho cloudless sky millions of stars w«ro pouring down tlmir brightness as thn lmt beams of the hidden daylight coasod to contend with thorn. Into vaoh other's faoon tho two stared steadily, and it Boomed to Murk Blum as if, luoinonl by moment, tho woman's face booaino more familiar to him. 'Who are you P' ho repealed. 'Your faoo is changing— It is not tho faoo of tho woman 1 ougagod at Hydnoy. I think I am going mad I 1 fool choking I' and ho tore from his nook tlio noarf that oncirclnd it. ' You know my faoo too woll, Mark Blum— a living man cannot forgot tho faco of bis victim. I am Jane KepsiU.' 'Jane Hnpsill I' 'That win, until she bncamo Juno Blum. Wondor you rlarad to liva under thiil uamo namo, ovon although thou sands and thousands of miles wero botweon you and tbo blood you had shod. But you did not spill enough of it. You loft uio for a uorpsu ; but, although my skull was fractured, I rocovurod, to find my'solf mad I Not mad enough to forgot you though, Murk Blum. Not mad unough to prevent mo from vowing a vow, and repealing ii for flftuon yoari, until tlio asylum doors wiire oponod to tliii recovarud liinalia ! Kooovorod 1 I shall let you und thnin too I' Hn Rtnggcrud book and lifted bis hand to liis liuad. ' If it is ronlly you, Jane, havo pity on mo— I boliovo 1 am dying.' ' It in limn for you to dio. Would to God thai you had died twenty years ago I' aud us Ilia old inoinori'H doodad up tho diseased brain, slio soomod to forgot tho man, who fell to the gross at hor foot; slio moolmnioally foil again to her formor soat on tho grans Mid buriod lior faco in her hands. Thoro was no *yo to mark tho two figures half hidden among the Bhodows, and hours passod away, loaving their outiinos unchanged. Clouds cropt up once more nnd hid tbo brightness of tho heaven', and wild brootos swept among tlio pines and roughened tho flur fiico of thn cold Nopnan. Moaning sounds followod tho course of tho orratio breozns, and dead leaves from tho branches abovo foil upon the face of Mark Ulum and upon the disordered hair of the nilunt woman, but they roado no sign. Tha calico covor of tho waggon flapped in tho wind, and tho lutUsnod horses cropt noar it for company, but tho tnun lay prone upon tho grass and the woman's faco was olill hidden from tbo dows of night. Tbo morning broke bright nnd beau tiful on the shores of tlio rivor, and in all his glory the glad sun shono full upon the sleepors. Tho horses, looking for their oarly feed, moved towards their slumbering master, and thon flfld with a terrified snort. A grey lteard cropt along the log azainst which tho woman loaned, and invading her lomr, damp, block hair, urawlod to her shouldnr and touched with its shiny sides, tho hands that bid hor fnce, bit she did nol chide it ; and whon tho same horseman, who had warned Blum, relumed during tbo day to satisfy liimsslf that Blum had fled, ho found the murderer staring with sightless eyes np at the heaven be had outraged ; and the dead woman with her face for ever hidden from tho world she had suffered in. There are green spots now by the Nepean Sliver, and many homesteads on iU banks, but where those dead bodies lay tho air neems always gloomy to those who know tho story I. have told you. The timss me hard— orsrybody says «o— but UiG wans of sin havo not boon cat dawn. Ant ma? pay. too much »or his whistle who has to wet iffirlwn or ttrcuty timM a 4*v-... The otbrf day the Bortabiro Conner, with welMeigniid.innooena!, taqmrod, 'How an five rwri)in divide flTowHi so tint each man will receive ono, and (till ono remain is the diah ' Alter Boveral hundred peoplo want two-thirds iittncUsd in Uio mates of -this pro position, the CourUr meanly says—One talcsi the dlih with tteogg. 