Amusements in Sydney. IN the matter of amusements (says our correspondent, writing on June 1) we have been having a glorious feast of Shakspearian plays during the past week, with Mr. Creswick at the Victoria Theatre and Mrs. Scott-Siddons at the Theatre RoyaL Creswiok has just terminated the longest and most successful engagement ever known in this colony by any leading exponent of the legitimate drama—lBs consecutive nights, and to large and frequently crowded audienoes during the whole of that time. At his fareweU benefit, on Thursday night, there was a thronged (and in the dress circle a fashion able) attendance, and the benefieiare made a capital speech on the occasion, thanking the pubUc for their generous patronage, his asso ciates for cheerful co-operation, and the Press for generous and unsotioited support. During his engagement Mr. Creswick produced the following plays:—"Virginius," "King Lear," "Merchant of Venice," " A New Way to Pay Old Debts," " Hamlet," " The Jedous Wife," "William TeU," "The Stranger," "King Henry VIII.," "Much Ado About Nothing," "Richard III.," "King Henry 1V.," " Othello," " Werner," "Romeo snd Juliet," "The School for Scandal," and "The Taming of the Shrew." That Mr. Creswiok is a great actor is admitted on aU hands. He was an immense favorite here, both on and off the stage, and he carries away from Sydney with him the good wishes and the admiration of thousands who have heard him with deUght and advantage for the last five months. Mr. Creswick goes hence to Adehude. At the Royal, " East Lynne" ran for over a week to full houses. This piece, meretricious as it is in plot and vicious in sentiment, is, in a purely dramatic sense, a good play, being constructed so ss to move a sympathetic audience to tears, while it has a fine fund of humor; and therefore the piece wUI dways draw when well played. It was withdrawn while attracting large audiences, and "Romeo and Juliet" substituted. The change appeared to show that Shakespeare is not appre ciated as highly as Mrs. Henry Wood, for tbe fine domestic tragedy of the immortal bard drew but moderate houses. "As you Like It" was better patronised, but it only ran for two nights, and the management again xeU back upon " East Lynne," which filled the house agdn. Baker and Farron still occupy the boards of the Queen's Theatre. They are playing to large audiences. Thomson's Confederate diorama finished a six weeks' run at the School of Arts, where it was well patronised, as much, I fancy, for the merit of thelectureand the ventriloquism of Lieutenant Hermann as for the beauty of the pictures. I believe the diorama wiU open in Brisbane on the 10th instant. Darcy Read's wonderful "Ghost Show," a performance of shadows, has now been at the Guild HaU for over three monthß, and is still weU patronised. Last of all, but certainly not least, I must mention Mdlle. Charbonnet's grand concerts at the Masonic Hdl, the third of which she gave this week to a crowded, fashionable, and dis criminating audience. Mdlle. Charbonnet is a distinguished pianiste from the Conservatoire of Paris ; and we have heard nothing to equal her in execution, expression, delicacy of touch and phrasing, since Arabella Goddard was here. The audiences are in raptures with her playing, and the critics are unable to point out the slightest fault As she is weU supported by local talent, the concerts are a great success. His Excellency the Governor and Miss Ken nedy were present on Saturday night at the exhibition of billiards given by Messrs. Shorter and Roberts, in the old School of Arts. In the game of 500 up no very heavy breaks were made, Roberts' best effort being 7i and 67, and Shorter'B 59 and 41. The champion eventually won by 111 points. The Lynch Family of beUringers and vocalists after a very successful season in Brisbane, pro ceeded north last Tuesday. Mn, St. Leon's Circus is now on its way to Brisbane, and will open hi the course of a few days. The company, although not of the " gigantic " style which has lately been iv vogue, is spoken of aB being BtroDg, with a well-trained stud of horses, and with thwo combinations, should not fail to do a good business. 