TALES, WITHIN THE PRECINCTS. By Hits. OLIPHANT. [The right of publication in Australia has been pui chased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter hi. — The Abbey Precincts. The bells began to ring for evensong soon after the bridal party dispersed. Some of them, indeed, stayed for the beautiful service, which was a thing that visitors from a distance thought a great deal of, and there were a number of fine bonnets and dresses in the Btalls when Lottie went in. The daily service was part of the daily life of the dwellers in the Abbey. There were those who went for devotion, and those ?nrYiri went for the service, and those who went because they had nothing else to do. It was an occupation and an amusement at the same time, and gome people thought it a duty. To listen to the service more or less critically, to note if any of the boys' voices were breaking, and whether Rowley sniffed as usual, or Bowler, the great bass, was hoarse ; to observe how the minor canons sang, if tnev were in too great a hurry to gee through the service, and who it was that read the lessons ; to look at any notable persons that might be there, visitors to the Deanery, or other per sons of distinction ; to walk in the nave while the Signor played the voluntary ; and finally to pause and talk to one's friends before going home to tea, was the established rule of St. Michael's. The old Chevaliers mixed with the ladies, here and there one. They were obliged to go in the morning, and they seldom repeated their church-going in the afternoon ; but still there were always two or three, and very interesting to strangers were the old soldiers, with their old moustaches and upright bearing. Some of them might have been veteran generals well entitled to throw away an army, but you may be sure there were no prosperous commanders among them. They stood about on the terrace in front of the Lodges and talked for fire minutes or so before they went in to tea. Tea was generally a solid meal in the Cheva liers' quarters, which was treated with much respect, and for which nobody would willingly be late. But Lottie, when she came out of chapel and saw the last of the fine people streaming away in their light dresses through the aisle, did not feel much disposed to go indoors to Law and the bread-and-butter. They could wait. She went and leaned on the low wall close to the library and gazed out upon the landscape below. At the foot of the slope was the street of the little old town, a sweep of Bteep masonry with old fashioned red houses, like trees in autumn, on the other side, and beyond that the river meandered between its leafy banks in endless windings, and the great breadth of champaign swept away towards the horizon. At this time of the year it was rich and cloudy with foliage ; the trees arranging themselves in every kind of way, singly and in clumps, and groves, and long hedge-rows, and surrounded every house and every village and every church spire as far as you could see, the billowy greenness thus spreading far into the silvery-gray of the distance ; the sky of a pale blue, faint with, summer heat and long drought, spread out like a map before the gazer from that mount of vision. The mottled clouds were floating together and rolling into masses as if with the intention of putting a stop to this long reign of brightness, and the long lines of the landscape and the great vault of the sky dropped together into a haze which also spoke of rain. Lottie leaned disconsolately over the wall, spreading abroad her thoughts over this vast breadth of space and silence. She let them go like a flock of birds flying to all the winds. Thoughts ! they were not thoughts but feelings, vague movements of mind, half senti ment, half personal sensation. Why she should have been so deeply affected by this marriage she could not have told any one. She did not herself know. It seemed to penetrate through and through her system of life, unsettling everything. After the disappoint ments of her beginning at St. Michael's, this connec tion with the Deanery had seemed a thread of pro mise, a clue to something better ; not a very splendid promise, indeed, but still something — a little link of ambition which looked better, and finer, and more noble after it was snapped than it had ever done before. It was not very noble in itself. Lottie felt vaguely that to have so strong a desire for admission within that charmed circle was not a very lofty thing. The people she had seen within it had not satisfied her ideal. Except that they dressed better (some of them at least), they had been very much like the umbler classes with which she was acquainted ; and to wish for a footing among them only because they were better off and more highly thought ot than her own neighbours was not an elevating sentiment. In the perpetual disappointments to which she had been subject, the slights she had been obliged to put up with, Lottie had felt a great many pangs of shame mingled with the stings of humiliation. She had felt that it was the poorest of ambitions which had taken possession of her. And now that it was over, this sense of unworthiness still mingled with her sense of failure and exclusion. For though it might not be a door into heaven, still to feel that it was shut, to be obliged to turn away and to see no other door at which she could enter, was hard. Her heart sank down into painful depths of abandonment, and tears came to her eyes in spite of herself. She had nothing to cry about, but her lips quivered and two big tears rose and hung suspended under her long eyelashes, so filling up the whole Bpace before her that Lottie saw nothing but a waving greenness and blueness— a blurred shadow of earth and sky. It was just at this moment, while she was still un certain whether she could get these tears swallowed or whether they must fall, betraying her, that she was aware of 6ome one at her elbow. ' I think we shall have rain, Miss Despard,' said a deliberate voice; 'do you not think we shall have rain ? The summer has been so fine that we have no right to grumble. You were the one lady in all St. Michael's whom I most wanted to see.' ' I, Signor J I do not know what you should want with me,' said Lottie, forced by circumstances into rudeness. She did not want to be rude, but the shock of his sudden address had brought down that shower, falling like drops of a thunderstorm, and she would not turn round to show him her wet eyes. He smiled a little to himself at this petulance, and that was all. He was used to waywardness in young ladies. He was a spare, olive-coloured man, not tall, but wiry and close-knit. He had all the aspect of an Italian, and the name ; but he was not really an Italian, being an Englishman born, a good Tory, and a good church man, and all that the organist of St. Michael's ought to be ; but he was not disinclined to keep up a mystery on this score, having a little love of mystery by nature, and feeling, musically, that his foreign name and looks were in his favour. How far back the Signor had to go for his claim to be considered an Ita ian nobody knew, but everybody (except the per verse and disagreeable, who would occasionally say Mr. Rossinetti, to annoy him) called the musician the Signor. His complexion, his moustache, the wonder ful dark eyes which were the chief feature in his face, were all of southern origin, and he spoke with a curious deliberation ind clear pronunciation of every syllable, which almost looked as if, at one time, there had been difficulties about the language, and as if he had not courage, even yet, to take any liberties with it. But his accent was aB good English as could be desired ; and in respect to this, as well as all other questions about his origin, the community of St. Michael's were entirely in the dark, as he intended them to be. *? This event,' said the Signor, in his clear slow voice, ' will bring our little societies, our practisings, to an end, Miss Despard. We were getting on very well. I am Borry to come to an end of anything, and of these above all.' ' Yes, I suppose so,' said Lottie, drearily. ' Will it, do you think ? She had not very much of a voice.' ' No ; but there are other things besides voice. You have a very beautiful voice, Miss Despard.' ' But I have nothing else,' said Lottie, forgetting her precautions, and turning quickly upon him ; ''that is what you mean to say? And you never even allowed brfore that I had a voice.' ' No, not much else,' said the deliberate organist ' you have no science, no method. You don't know how to manage what you have got. It is a fine organ by nature, but you cannot produce it as you ought, because you do not know hew. To have so much and to do so little is a great pity. It is a waste of a great gift, it is ? ' 'How dare you tell me all this to my facer' said Lottie, transported with vivid anger. She would have taken it more quietly if she had not been weakened in spirit by the discouragement into which she had fallen before. Her fierce, sudden glance was even still un willingly Boftened by the wetness of her eyes. But the Signor did not flinch. There was a kind of smile in his own as he met her look. He was not afraid of her. He looked, indeed, amiably, genially at Lot ie — as she had never seen him look before— and as she turned round she became aware that he was not alone. Over his shoulder, with an alarmed, indignant aspect, which half amused while it consoled her, was another face with which Lottie waB very well acquainted. It was the face of his favourite pupil, a young man who followed the Signor about like his shadow, always a few steps behind him. But young Purcell was not of this mind to-day ; he was looking at his beloved mas ter with a mixture of rage and pathos very droll in their combination. Lottie was easily moved, and almost before the words of the defiance had left her lips a laugh forced itself after them. She had to turn round again to conceal the conflict of sudden mirth in her face. ' Would you rather I said it to others than to you ? No, because that would do you no good ? ' ' And do you really think that I — I — ' Why should she laugh ? Young Purcell's face brightened slightly, but took a still more curious look of bewildered inquiry. As for the Signor, he thought she had become hysteri cal, which he believed was a common weakness with womankind in general, and he was alarmed. ' I beg you a thousand pardons if I have seemed rude,' he said. ' All that I wanted was to begin the conversation ; for I have a little proposal to make.' 'Do you call that beginning a conversation to tell me I am quite ignorant, and cannot sing, and waste my voice r' said Lottie, recovering her indignation. ' It is not a very civil way.' ' Miss Despard, I think you will miss the society's singing, and I want to tell you it was not good for you. These people were dazzled by your voice,' said the organist, with unintentional confusion of metaphor, ' and they made use of it. All these j fine people, they make use of us, and often forget to fay thank you. I was sorry that you should suffer, I too; so was Purcell ; he knows what it is— a little. And you have had no teaching, you have not had a thorough professional training as he has ? ' Lottie turned upon him with flashing eyes, and thin time she did not laugh at the young man who, over the Signor's shoulder, followed every movement of hers with such eager attention. His look of wonder and fear was not leBS comic than the other changes which had come over his countenance, but she took no notice of it. ' I don't know what you mean,' she said, ' by professional training. What do I want with professional training ? 'What has Mr. Purcell to do with it ? What do you mean ? how should T. suffer ? If they thank me, or if they don't thank me, what is that to me?' 'Ihe Signor cast a glance round at young Purcell, who answered with a look of despair. ' If you would but confide in us, we thought we could help you. Indeed, Miss Despard, it is no presumption on Pur cell's part, only a fellow-feeling ? ' ' Only a feeling— of respect ! ' This Purcell timidly gasped out, with alarm painted on every fea ture. Lottie, turning her back to the wall and con fronting the two musicians, solemnly made them a very awful curtsey. It was an art she had learned (though the teacher was unaware of the fact) from Lady Caroline ; and therefore it was of the very finest and most imposing kind. 'The puzzle is,' she said, grandly, in a voice not unlike Lady Caroline's, ' what the link between us may be.' They were both silenced by this speech, and by her | imposing aspect generally ; for Lottie was very hand some, and this defiant grandeur suited her. Purcell | felt disposed to sink into the earth, and showed it ; but as for the Signor, he was less alarmed, and, indeed, a little amused — he had seen a great number of j heroines, both in public and private life. [ ' It is always wrong to beat about the bush,' he said. ' Perhaps I have made a mistake ; I thought you probably intended to ting, Miss Despard, as a profession.' ' I ?' Lottie's voice broke into a half shriek. ' I r' The suggestion gave her a shock which it was hard to g«t over. She felt a trembling of giddiness and insecurity, as if the ground had suddenly been cut from under her : she could have cried from mortifica tion, injured pride, horrible humbling and downfall. She who had been mourning this change as taking from her all chance of ascent into the society she had a right to, the society she really belonged to, — and they thought it was professional work, a profession that she was thinking of! She drew hack uncon sciously to the support of the wall, and propped herself by it. She could have cried, but pride would not let her. ' You are mistaken, altogether mistaken,' she said. ' I doa't suppose that you mean to insult me ; you forget that I am a gentleman's daughter.' Here the ghost of a smile fitted across the Signor's olive -coloured face. It was as momentary as the parsing of a shadow, but yet Lottie saw it, and it stung her a nothing else could have done ; she Was angry before, but this excited her to passion, yhe could have flown at him and strangle 1 htm for 'his smile ; she understood it well enough.. 'You smile!' she said. ' Yon thm«, perhaps, thit a poor Cheval'er, a soldier ?who is not rich, is not a gentleman. You think it is only money that makes a pentleman. There are many people who are of tnat oiinion; but,' said JjOttie with, a smile, ' you wiU perhaps not be sur prised if 1 think differently. 1 will bid you good evening, please, now.' ''One moment,' said the Signor; 'you must not ¥0 away with a wrong impression. Fonri'e me the mistake, if it is a mistake. Yr.u are mis taken, too. Miss Dfspard, if you think a gentleman's daughter may not sin.' to the great generous public as well as ti poor little coteries that never say thank you. You mistake, too — but never mind. I meant 'to have offered, if you would let me, to help you ? ' 'Tha-k you, very much ! ' s^id Lottie, with great state, ' it is not necpssary. When I want lessons I ran — ask for them, M. Rossinetti.' She had been about to ear pay, but Lottie was honest, and though she longtd to inflict the insult would not say what was not true. She did not even see young Purcell's pathetic looks as he gazed at her, with the a;r of a j suppliant on his knees, over his master's shoulder ; \ hut she saw the half-shrug of the Signor's shoulders as he stood aside t.) let her pa68. And perhaps had 8he but known it there was something comic, too, in the dignity with which ,-he swept past with a lit'.le wave of her hand. It was like Lady Caroline, though Lottie did not intend it to I ? so. The two musicians s'.ood looking after as she walked majesti ally homewards, with so many commotions in her boso-n. She ha 1 1'- pass through the little square in which the lav clerks lived on her way, and as if to accomplish Lottie's humiliation, Rowley the tenor— who was her teacher— was stand ing at his door as she passed, liven the Chevaliers ot St. Michaels ' drew a line' at the lay clerks; to associate with them was to descend altogether from any pretence at gentility ; and though Lottie was his pupil, Rowley had never transgressed the d'ie limits of respectfulness or pretended to any friendship with the young lady. But the wedding had affected the morals of St. . Michael's gene rally, and made a revolution for the day ; and as Lottie passed the tenor took advantage Oi the opportunity. .'How are you, Missf' he said, with a sniff and a lurch which showed the source of his boldness; ' won't you come in and have a chat? won't you come in and liar £ some tea with my little girl, Miss Lottie:' Good heavens! what had boltir done to be addressed in this way; and she knew that the two others would hear this demonstra tion of intimacy. She rushed past, stumbling over he:- dress, wild with resentment and mortili cation This was what it was to be poor, to be in a false posi tion, not to be recognized as a lady ! One mortifica tion had followed another, so that she did not kno how to bear it. Augusta s neglect, the Signor's in sulting suggestion, nnd Rowley's familiarity ! Lottie did not know which was the most hard to bear. ' Is that you, Lottie ? an 1 where have you been'' said Law. 'Let's have tea now; I've been waiting and waiting, and wanting to go out. and wondering what had become of you.' He had begun his bread and butter on the spot. ' Where is papa. Law ' Papa ? How should I know ? You didn't expect him, did you ? I say, I'm going out -do make haste. And look here! 1 wish you'd speak to him. Lottie. I wish you'd tell him he oughtn t to : I'd give twenty pounds (if I had it) not to have such an uncommon name!' ' It is a very good name— better than any one else's I know. The DespardB never were anything but gentlemen.' ' Oh, it's a great deal you know about it !' paid 1 aw, with a groan. ' Perhaps once upon a time we were somebody when ever) bo ly else w.ts nobody ! But when it turns the other way, when we are nobody and everybody else somebody, and when it's known wherever you go whose son you are ? ' ' Youdon'tneed to continue nobody,' she said; ' you are a boy, you can do what xoa like. If ive are down now, you need not stay down, Law. But then you must not hang about and lose your time any longer. If you will work, you can soon change that ' 'Can I!' said the youth; 'that shows how mu 'h you kno-v. I have never been taught to do anything. If I had be^n put apprentice to a butcher or a baker when I was young — but you never did anything but bully me lo work and go to school. What good is school ? If you are to do anything, you ought to be taught when you are young. 1 have be?n mi-managed. 1 doubt if I will ever be good for much no iv. 'Oh— h!' cried Lottie, with a deep breath of aspiration from the depths of her dies , ' if it was only me ! I should find something to do ! I should not be long like this, lounging about a little bit of a ?lace, following ba 1 examples, doing no work. O ?aw ! if I could put some of me into you— if I could change places with }ou ! Fancy what was said to me to-day. The Signor came up to me when we came out of church, and asked me if I was going to sing — for a profession.' 'By Jove !' cried Law ; he woke up even from his bread and butter, and looked at her with sparkling eyes. ' T had almost said, ' You may be very glad my brother is not with me to hear you ask such a ques tion.' But on the whole I am glad you were not. I said all that was necessary,' said Lottie with dignity. ' He will never repeat such an insult again.' ' BvJoye Law repeated, taking no heed of what she said, but looking at her with visible increased respect. ' Do you mean to say that he thought you good enough for that r' ' Good enough !' she said, with severe contempt, and a melancholy groan. ' I always knew 1 could sing, even poor mamma knew. But I did not t on descend to say much to them. I said, ' I am a gentle man's daughter,' and walked away.' ' Well, girls are very funny,' said Law. ' How you bully me about working ! morning, noon, and night, yoa are never done nagging ; but the moment it comes to your own turn ? '' ' To my own turn !' Lottie looked at him aghast. ' To be sure. Oh, that's all very tine about being * a gentleman's daughter. We know pretty well what that means, and so doe3 everybody. I wonder, Lottie, you that have some sense— ho »v could you be so silly ? He must have laughed,' ' Oh, hold your tongue, Law ! I suppose they thought we were no better than most of the people here. When von are poor you are always insulted. I should not care ior money, . not for itself, not for the gold and silver,' said Lottie ; ' nor even so very much for the nice things one could buy ; but. oh, to be above people's remarks, to be known for what you are, not looked down upon, not insulted ? ' ' It depends upon what you call being insulted,' said Law ; ' if any man had said that to me, I should j have thought him next to an angel What is insult ing about it ? If you like money (and who doesn't like money r) why there's the easiest way in the world of getting it. Sing r I'd sing my head off,' said Law, ' if tkat was all that was wanted. And you sin; for pleasure-, you like singing ! I can't tell what you are thinking of. If I had known you were so good as that —but one never th nks much of one s own sister, somehow,' the yo::th added, with easy frankness. But he was bo much excited that i.e left bis tea, and strode up and down the room (three paces and a-half, that was all the size i.f i') repeating ' by Jov-? i' to, himself. 'If you mean not to do it, you had better n -t let him kn-w you could do it.' he annonnccd, after an interval.' Never in his life before had the easy-g--ing young man been so moved. ' It's untold the money they make,' he said. . As for Lottie, her whole being was in a ferment. She looked at her brother with a gaBn of pain. The breid and butter had no charms for her on that night of emotion. She to k up her basket, which was full of things to mend, and sat down in the window, speechless with vag ie passion, pain, discontent t ent, l.ottie was not a wise or enlightened young woman. She had not even taken the stamp of her age as many people do who are not enli^ht ned. Hie had newr learned tha- it was desirable that women should have profe.-si ns like men. Her thoughts ran entirely in the old-fashioned groove, and it seemed to her that for 'a gentleman's daughter' to work for her living, to be known publicly to work for her living, was a social degradation beyond words to ex press. It implied— what did it not imply? That the family were reduced to the lowest level of povc-rty ; butthalwasa small part of it— thatthemen were useless, worthless, without pri ie or honour ; that they had no friends, no means of saving themselves from this be trayal of all the 6e rets of pride. These were the foolish feelings in her min-f. Gentlemen's daughteis were ? governesses sometimes she had heard, and Lottie pitied the poor gills (orphans — hey were always orphans, and t'.us 6et aside lrom the general rule1, with an ache of compas-ion in her heart ; but it was her private impression that this was a stigma never to be wiped off, not upon the girl, but upon her family who could permit such a sacri tice.- Lottie's view of sariiic^ was one which is rarely expressed, but not the less exists, among women and all other persons from whom sacrifices are demanded. Could Alcegtis have the same respect after for the man who could let her die for him r Could she go on living by his side and think just the sa ?? e of him as if he had bo ne his own burden instead of shulHing it off upon her shoulders? 'Jhe ancients did not trouble themselves with such ques tions. but it is a peculiarity of the modem mind that it does. And Lottie, though her point of view was very old-fa hioned, still looked at it in this modern way. When Law, whom it was impossible to stir up to anv interest in his own work, became bo excited over the thought of a possible profession for her, she looked a- him with something of the feeling with which Isabella contemplated the caitiff brother in his prison who would have bought his life by her shame. What! would he be 'jmade a man'' in such a way ? would he buy idleness find ease for himself by expo ing her to a life unworthy of ' a gentlemai's daugh er ?' She knew he was lazy, careless, and loved his own gratification : but it hurt her to her very heart to think so poorly of Law, who was the only being in the world whom she had ever been able ?to love heartily as belonging to her. Let it not be thought, however, that any unwilling ne;s to work for Law, to make any sacrifice for him, was at the bottom. of this disappoint ment in him. She was ready to have worked her fingers to the bone, indoors, in the .privacy of the family, for her father and brother. She did not care what menial offices she did for the n. Their ' posi tion ' demanded the presenc ; of a servant of some kind in the house, but Lottie was not afraid cf work. She could sweep and dust ; she could - ook ; she could mend with the most notable of housewives, and sang at her work, and liked her people all the better because of what she had to do for them in the course ot nature. That was altogether different— there was no shame to a lady in doing this, no exposure of the fa-nily. And Lottie was not the kind of woman who requires personal service from men. She was quite willing to serve them, to wait upon them if necessary, to take that as her share of the work of life ; but to work publicly for her living, what was that but to proclaim to all the world t at they were incapable, that they were indifferent to their duties, thit theTe was no faith to be put in them ? If Law had leaped up in wrath, if he had said, ' No, it is my place to work ; I will work ; no one shall say that my sister had to earn my living,'* how happy, how proud Lottie would have been ! That was the ideal for a man. It was what she would do herself if she was in his place : and, oh, if she could but put herself in his place, and do what Law would not do '. oh, if 6he could but put herself, a hit of herself into him, to quicken the sluggish b ood in his veins ! When Law, having exhausted all that was to be Baid on the subj cct, went out (and where did he go when he went out ':), Lottie sat at the window and darned and darned till the light failed -her. She ploughed furrows with her needle in the forefinger of her left hand ; but that did not hurt her. Oh, if she couid but move them, in spire them, force them to do their duty, or at the worst do it for them so that the world might sup pope it was they who were doing it ! That was the aspiration in her heart ; and how hopele-s it was ! 'Oh, if I could put some of me into him!'Lpttie thought, as many a helpless soul has thought before her. But to move out from the shadow of the house, and betray its nakedness, and take the burden visibly on herself, that was what Lottie felt she would rather die than do. Meanwhile in the soft evening, various people were promenading up and down bstween the Abbey church and the lodges of the Chevaliers. Some of the old \- 'hevalieis themselves were out with their wives hanging on their arms. Either there would be two old gentlemen together, with the wife of one by his side, or two ladies with a white-haired old gallant walking along beside them, talking - f various things, perhaps of politics when there were two men, and of any signs of war that might be on the horizon, and if two were women, of. the wedding, and how Lady Caroline took the marriage of her only daughter. The Signor was practising in the Abbey, and the great tones of the organ came rolling forth in a splendour of softened sound over the slope with its slowly strolling group ??. Some of the townspeople were there too, not mixing with the others, for the Signor's practising nights were known. The moon began to climb after a while behind the Chevaliers' lodges, and throw a soft whiteness of broad light upon all the pinnacles of the Abbey; and Lottie dropped her work on her knee, unable to see any longer. 'When the moon roEe, she was thrown into shade, and could watch the people with the light in their faces at her ease. And by and by her attention was caught by two si gle figures which passed several times, coming from different directions, and quite distinct from each other. They both looked up at her window each time they passed, calling forth her curiosity, her scorn, her laughter, finally her interest. Watching them she forgot the immediate presence of her own annoyances. One was tbe young musiciaa Purcell, at who in Lottie had secietly laughed for a long time past, at his longing looks and the way in which the vicissitudes of her countenance would reflect themselves in his face. But the other she could not for a long time make out. It was not till, seeing no one, he stood still for a full half-minute in the light of the moan, and looked up , at her, that she recognized him — and then Lottie s j heart gavea jump. It was young Rol o Russell, Lady Caroline s nephew, the best man at the wedding ; and what cou'd he want here r 