The Advertiser FRIDAY, AUGUST 9, 1878. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. THURSDAY, AUGUST 5. In the Messrs of Assembly- The [?] [?] The [?] efjuiilfai_a?<ii ■inarO^t. __ <L r —- - -■.-*iiMitii fin mil ■liiMiwii Mf,Ml«NliMdh r a«a«.LCuraL. Tbc Bbcaka *af JHalaai Set caw taeav JawJ, —< ml V ae* teaa. thr ftVaa* ■fliwail at CSfuK. tM «h? «&Nrias; I«aa>r- r«4dbrte «■ Ac Way* «d Mini hum ihaaocm, whm tW ajmcfcni «f tm> «• iMHRn flontaiee. the whele AnMi • widely tnm each •*■*. Mr. Earn feanaataft it ea hmhml falav aaft niM. Mr- <ifr*> > miffr hajjfcal at ha* the Isle mi f ■?—w* Chaaoattar af tha FTrhaeanr. Be paT—ai to rwMHarthey wem ahoat «t«O)r wtaar, tat Mte «ly hk taw «v mm kmlfy f the gntlana who m mat at «b tte Hw?> Mr?nta. He liawui to «*? l*^>, mkM tkwnmU/ HMMt wilk aadt nwun a* it 4eak witk, en lam% *• mwdi iaMxnctei fey wImC tfcty have fcanl •oiar. TVywiD be let to tae belief chrt no«ef«Btto dk? wHapMHSof the a? tiond potee cm yaejMh; a^tee with eajr nw «f Nat<r —y «—yiiil in fardrt peeV tMB. The gmt jmiuml «nthfirh«w <■? like eafineal or myMafiaA <*•*"■ WMBgfiqg ana-• |wtk?t,«nd «bMVM;aai poohpoflhiig each «thert !■■ wiiftiaM The whole tfci?£ aeems a fnoa, MBefltiax httketedit «a<wr Ltpidhfw. aad Utah/ to be a wty expaudw LattilaiaawM «a tbectmntiy 14r. B«w> &nmd; the Hamtt*rith«fle> haaV^tbecaaigeahebraaght assMttfw ■.VQala^Bm aWam a^^aWH «PX a^aa «BP thatthoasef theOoitnaOevenaM?t«aa> vnag aad that taxatioa wadt Iwaaoe* eary.hat neither bat ataaoa aawtthjilM he «eae the elajhta* attwiat to |««a> thaw etateawate hyfaotiaT ftraaav Me GhjdeiiM?lii hjatthathehai! in I U iaUav hisfeai hat Kuiwrtur IT he waaht hij lua head aaam a atajle taai 4t wldea oaahl W almck ««,?- Mr. Itaai ;«laaj<to4oa?. He Hfl emilia 4e tlaa^teeWw«hatiteMC?BUh?ff*heam dispensed with, or how the Government are to economise now. It is trifling with the time of legislators and business men to indulge for tours in accusations in support of which HO proof is offered. There is little merit in showy declamation based upon nothing. Animated delivery, dramatic expression and attitude, a gorgeous profusion of ad jectives, may be well employed'in setting tiff what is solid and valuable in an ad dress, but of themselves they are of no merit; they decide nothing, and serve no good purpose. The most charitable way in iviucb. to regard Mr. Boss's utterances is to suppose he really does not know what he is/talking about; otherwise he must be laid guilty of intentional unfairness. Here is an instance. He dwelt upon what he considered the reckless and mischievous policy of Mr. Boucaut in reducing the jninimum to be accepted for one issue of bonds from £96 10s. to £95, and argued as if this had caused a depreciation in the value of the stock to the extent of the -difference between £98, at which figure &b; bonds were quoted about the end of December, and £95 Bs. 91, the average price obtained for the loan in January. While laboring upon this point with, great tedious ness and bitterness, he kept out of sight the Important fact that the buyers at £98 in December would be entitled to £2 interest on the Ist January, so that the difference was thus reduced to lls. 3d, and this when the danger of a great European war was hourly growing more imminent. The chief point at issue between the Premier and the late Treasurer is the ques lion of unexpended balances. Mr. Boucaut ■goes upon the principle that in estimating the Ways and Means for the coming year it should be taken for granted that the money voted for that year will be spent There is no other rational way of preparing Estimates. If a Treasurer may go on die principle that he is to calculate how much of the mosey Parliament has instructed him to expend he will so expend, then there need never be such a thing as a prospective deficit, at any rate where a large propor tion of the expenditure is on public works. The arrangement is as easy as shelling peas. £1,600,000 revenue; £1,800,000 expenditure; can only find man power for the expenditure of £1,400,000; therefore there will be an actual surplus of £200,000 in place of the bookkeeper's deficit of £200,000. The figures are arbitrary, but this is Mr. Ross's system of national finance. It has the merit of simplicity, which is more than can be said for his mode of expounding it. There -were one or two other points in Mr. Moss's speech perhaps calling for a word or two of comment. He attributed the falling off in receipts from land sales to the present Government departing from the policy of their predecessors, this departure consisting in refusing to sell land in 640-acre blocks illegally, -whereas Messrs. Boss and Can would have broken the law, and forced land into the market in order to prop up their estimates of revenue. Then Mr. Ross says the policy of the last Government was to have a uniform charge for carriage on the railways all over the colony, and nr~es that this is as much required by justice as the uniform rate of inland postage on letters. Now a uniform postage rate is not based upon any principle of justice, but upon considerations of conveni ence. It wonld be a tremendous nuisance to have different rates of postage on letters going to different towns or stations in the province. But the analogy Mr. Ross at tempted to draw was otherwise absurd on the face of it. Had the Cokon Govern- meat assimilated the system of railway ■Carriage to that of letter carriage, they would have charged the same price for taking a ton of flour from the Burra to Port Adelaide as from the City to Bowden. The fact is the ex- Treasurer got himself into a complete fog; and his antics when in that unhappy position were carious and comical, and especially while as he was igroping' his "way sad stumbling about, he took the trouble to observe that Mr. WifcJiin was not a clear thinker. There was considerable force in Sir. Ross's -xemarks as to the rate at which our expen diture is increasing, and the large amount it has reached for so small a community, hat unfortunately he has never done any thing in the cause of economy or prudence 3n ft management of our national finances and estate. Some of Mr. Glyde'6 observations on this subject, as far as they are supported by figures, are deserving of Eerione consideration, but the debate •covered too much ground to be exhaustively dealt with in a single article. The closing portion of his speech will probably startle his constituents. He objects to additional -taxation on the ground that he considers "that he pays enough to the revenue already. Not being in the hon. member's confi dence as to his personal ways and means we are unable positively to say •whether he is justified in so regarding Mb contribution to Hie coffers of the State, but we are inclined to think that under •an equitable system of taxation he will pay more than at present. If, however, Mr. Glyde pays enough taxes, with what crushing weight must die tariff fall upon the working men, and upon all persons ■with large families, and incomes from £100 to £500. It is to be regretted that Mr. ■Glyde should have made such a remark as we are commenting upon, for it will convey to the public the impression that lie contem plates advocating the taxation of very rich men only, or else that all his professions about making1 the incidence of taxation more equitable have been pure electioneer ing bunkum. If the members of this Par liament produce a popular belief that they intend to resort ta shuffling and delay with regard to this question, with the view of fcuriring it altogether, they will do as much MM the most malignant enemy of South Australia could possibly devise to exaspe- Kate the working classes of the colony, an! drive them to Berrvism, Tee statistics of the postal and telegraph departmentseven of a comparatively limited community axe always interesting, as they afford an indication of its social progress and development. Those of the neighbor ing coloDy of Victoria for the year 1877 are particularly so, as the Post-Office there undertakes peculiar branches of work that have not yet been initiated in the other colonies. Among general matters dealt •with in tie report it is noteworthy that it 3s intended to ertend the pared, poet system in vogue between India and England to Victoria co soon as the sanction of tin Legislature to the necessary fiscal arrange ments can be obtained; also that the question of establishing an extra mail service between Victoria and Kurope via the Cape is still under consideration. The total postal and telegraph revenue for the year 1577 amounted to £240,027, being an increase of £17,203 on the previous year. While the revenue had increased, however, the expenses had diminished, the cost of working the department having- been only £95,467, being a saving of £2,332 on the year before. It will thus be seen that the department is in the fortunate position of j having a revenue largely in excess of the expenditure. It would not be fair, how ever, to institute a comparison in this respect between South Australia and Vic toria, and to argue that because here our postal expenditure is greatly in excess of the receipts there must be something wrong in the system of manage ment; for here the territory is much more extensive, and the population is more scattered and smaller; hence the work of the department is carried on at a greater cost, and necessarily receives a smaller pro portionate revenue. The success financially of the department in Victoria has doubt less led to the introduction of the Bill now before the Assembly in that colony which proposes to reduce the inland postage rate of the colony to one penny, and to permit newspapers to pass through the Post-Office free. So far as the bitter point is con cerned the Victorian Government are simply following the practice already existing in this colony, where it has an- j swered well hitherto. The probable sue- j cess of a penny inland postage rate is a more dubious affair. The example of Rnnfonfl is scarcely a criterion for decision, for there ; is no comparison between the population of : Britain and that of Victoria, and it is only on the principle that one hundred letters j can be carried as cheaply as half-a- dozen that a penny postage can be a financial suc cess. It must be remembered also that ' when the reduction was made in England ! the difference in the rate was much, greater 1 than would be the case in Victoria. This ■ induced many persons to send letters through the post who under other circum stances would have refrained from writing, the consequence being that the number of letters speedily multiplied most marvel lously, and the penny rate produced a much larger revenue to the State than had ever been realised by the higher one. But it is questionable, to say the least, whether the same would prove to be the case in Victoria, and it seems to us very pro blematical that the reduction in the rate will produce such an increase in the number of letters as will prevent a serious loss to the revenue. The time may eventually come when not only in Vic toria but throughout Australia there wil be an inland penny postage rate, but a present even in Victoria with its flourish - ing postal revenue it seems to be rathe premature. It should be remembered, too that the industrial classes in Australia can better afford to pay twopence than work ing men could afford a penny at the time Sir Rowland Hill's scheme was first made law. The work of the Victorian Post-Office, as is the case here, is annually increasing. The total number of letters which passed through the o&ce; in 1677 was 20,010,978, including post-cards, and of newspapers 0.809,009, both of which show a consider able increase above the previous twelve month. On the subject of newspapers the Postmaster-General makes some remarks which cannot be too widely known through out the colonies. He points oat that fre quent complaints are made that newspapers posted in England are not received in Australia by the persons to whom they are addressed. This he shows arises from no fault os^the part of the English offices or of tbosein the colonies, but from a neglect on the part of the sender of the rule that newspapers posted in England for the colonies must not exceed four ounces in weight, and must be posted within eight days after publication, unless they are paid for as book parcels. How many news papers intended for foreign countries are detained in England on account of the breach of these regulations ie evidenced by the fact that in 15 months not less than 20-3,300 thus failed to reach their destina tion. Ihiring- 1877 the number of new Post- Offices opened was <(8, and the number of miles of new telegraph lines 2,t£4, the smallest number of any of the colonies except Tasmania. But Victoria takes the premier place in the number of telegraphic messages re ceived from Europe and the East. The number of private messages passing within the colony during 1877 was 010,800, an in crease on the previous year, and the number of intercolonial messages had also in creased. The money-order work of the office likewise had extended, the number of orders issued having been 131,173, to the value of £395,82!), as against 125,.V.1.> orders to the value of £379,570 in 1870. An interesting feature in the report is the statistics dealing with the Post-Office Savings Banks, which show the rapid de velopment of the system in the colony. The total number of such Banks now opea is 160, the number of new accounts opened during the year was 12,057, and the number remaining open on December 3L was44V)6l, representing a credit balance to the de positors of liG.'e.OgS—a very creditable result, considering the short period for which the system has been tried, and one which ought to encourage its adoption in ! other colonies. It is gratifying to notice j that the plan ef employiogfeinale sorters at I the General Post-Office in Melbourne has ' proved a success. The report is altogether a most interesting one, and it contains much matter that is deserving of attention. Tee supplementary statement of the Chancellor of the Exchequer has been laid before the Imperial Parliament, and shows that the preservation of the peace of Europe has cost Great Britain an enormous sum of money. A deficit of £4,250,000 is no trine even to a wealthy country like England, but there is earns con eolation to be derived from the thought that the preparations necessary to enable England to overawe Russia have been in finitely less costly titan a war. Of the amount required £2j000,000 is to be met immediately by the issue of Exchequer bills, and there will foe bo difficulty in pro viding for the remainder. In addition to the expenses occasioned by the naval and military preparations it will be observed that a chum has been made on the exchequer for the new British possession in the Levant. A sum of £33,000 is to be added to the estimates for the Foreign Office on account of Cyprus, but much more than this will have to be and trill be willingly expended in maintaining: aud strengthening' go important a strategical position. Scarcely a better selection could have been made than that of Sir Henry Drammond Wolff, K.C.M.G., as the British member of die International Commission, to be entrusted with the task of organizing the autono mous province of J^astora ttoumelta, to be formed south of the Halkans, in accord ance with the terras of the Itei-lin Treaty. Sir Drummond Wolff has had long ex perience in diplomatic affairs, and tmiatiy distinguished himself when acting as Public Secretary to the Lord High Commissioner of the lonian Islands. Durinp his residence there he travelled extensively in European Turkey, and is thus well acquainted with the people and their wants. Considering the state of the money market it is no matter for surprise that the lately an nounced South Australian Loan lias proved only a partial success. A. sum of £50.'S t .IOO still remains unsubscribed, and the average price realised by the remainder is but little over the minimum of issue. Tiie loan, in fact, could scarcely have been floated at a more unfortunate time. The R.M.S. Siam with the Kosrlish mails arrived at Oleuelg from King George's Sound at ft quarter put 2 o'clock this morning. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., the Adelaide agents of the P. & O. Company* steamers, em niunicated on Thursday with the agenta of the Company in Melbourne relative to the deten tion of the outgoing mail steamer Xanjone till the Sum arrived with the English nuiln, and were informed in reply that the matter had been referred to the Victorian Government, and that tbe request would probably be granted. Messrs. Elder, t^iritfi, &. Co. received no further mes sage, but an intimation was sent to the Post master-General that die Victorian Government objected to any delay in the departure of the Tanjore. The match between the Australian cricket team and the Buxton Club baa ended j in a draw in consequence of the untoward state of the weather. The colonial*, ever in defatigable, on the following day began another match, not in their original programme, with , Eighteen of llurnley, in I*nca«bire. The match | bad Dot concluded when our telegram left London. | On Tuesday next Mr. Bray will move ' that ten days" leave of absence be granted to the , Bon. J. Col ton, on the ground of ill-health. : The Hon. J. Carr has replaced his motira respected a free library on the Assembly ! Kotioe-Paper. j Two acres of land on East- terrace have ; just been sob) at £12 per foot frontage. Twelve , months ago we believe that the same land wu ; offered at £10 a foot without finding a buyer. | The Stnrt, Brighton, and Glenehjr annnal ploughing match cook place at Brighton on Thursday, August 8. There was also a show of draught entires in connection with the match. The ground* were visited by about 300 persons during die day. On Thursday evening, August 8, Mr. Phillip Lee, the manager of the Adelaile Club, who to leaving that position to enter into busi ness for hiniM-lf. was met by die employe* of the Club, and presented with a very handsome bro?ie and marble dock. ' At a meeting held at the Dublin District Council Chamber on Monday. August 5, a depu tation, consulting of Me?r? B. J. Loveday, F. Dhnent, J J\, TIT. Temby, and W. Simmon*, was appointed to wait on the Government and repre sent the necessity of having the road from M.11.1. to Port Parham placed on the schedule of main lines, and telegraphic communication with Adt*lwTdf*grants. The installation of the officers of the John Wstno Lodge, No. 4,1.0. G.T., took place on Wednesday evening, August 7, in the Ijodge toiiiii, l'ort Adelaide. Brother W. W. Wiawaod. G.W.C.T.. astisted by the G.W.S, Brother Thomas, and CWJI., Brother Dixon. iustaued tbeofficen. Tbevarioiurepartsshowadthebodge to be in a flourishing condition, having funds in hand and an increase of members, 22 baring been admitted daring die past quarter. Than* was a good attendance of members, to whom the G.W.C.T. addressed words of encouragement. The followine is Thursday morning's weather report on'the Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph line : — Beltana, calm, clear, fine; Strangways Sprinc*. fresh, clear, fine, pleasant; Peake and Charlotte Water*, light, clear, fine; Alice Springs,moderate,clear,fine, cool; Barrow Creek and Tennant Creek, fine, clear, moderate ; Powell Creek, calm, clear, fine, pkannt; .Daly Waters, calm, clear, fine.tool; Katfaerine^ light, clear, fine, cool; Pine Creek, fresh, clear, fine, cool; Tarn Creek, fresh, clear. . fine; Soutbport. very strong, clear, fine,cool ; Port Darwin. light, clear, fine. An adjourned meeting of shearers was held at the John Bull Hotel on Thursday c veuing, August 8. There were about-Ji> person* present, and Mr. Charles Hart took the chair. The rules submitted by the. Committee were passed a* read, and tJio Secretary was appointed Treasurer jiro tnu. It was derided to have 600 copies of the rules printed, and an adrertise im-i>t inserted for the purpose of drawing the attention of squatters and *heai>*s to the fact that the latter could be engaged through the medium of the Cnion. Preliminary business was transacted, an<l <JS persons joined the Union. The new Wedeyan Church at James town wasojw-ned on Sunday, August 4. when N-ioiimt' were preached by the ttev. T. Uoyd, the Pn«ident of the Wesleyan Confernnoe. On the following day tea aud public meetiugi> w.-re held, and at the latter Kauutriug the chair was taken by Mr. B. Williams. Addressee were delivered by the l&evs.; Messrs. HanUiu, Howard, Kofe. and Shallbeig. About £154 was nalised l>y the services, leaving a debt of some £580 ou the property. The amount of the contract for the building waa £1.50 it. Duriug tlie <-v<eoiug . several selections of sacred mimic were ren dered in an admirable manner by the choir, . under the direction of Mr. J. WUkinuu. On Thursday eveninjr, Aujrusl H. another of the weekly entertainment* was given at the 1 City Mission Hall. It consisted of dinolriug liews, which were both amusing and inctructi vc. 1 The attendance waa very good and the Rev. F. :W. Cox acted aa lecturer. The views, which were shown by the powerful oiy-hydrogen lan tern of the Sunday-school Union, embraced 1 ccenes of Engluti abbeys and casrira. the ruins of old *Borne, Indian temples, and a variety of other subjects. Each view was explained in a brief though clear manner, which proved an additional attraction to the entertainment. The applause throughout was both hearty and frequent. Mr. A. J. Solomon, on returning from ' Jamestown on Wedutwday, informs us that he wituesfcud a serious accident to Opie's coach at Tommy's Gap, on tin: road to Hallett. About midday, as the opposition coaches were passing j over that dangerous {<art of the road, Mr. JSolo mou states ttat Opie's coach was capsieed, and Mr. Ojie, co long and favorably known aa one of the beet and most obliging drivers in the colony, had his ankle dislocated, and was otherwise severely shaken. A special conveyance was pro , cured, and he was sent on to the Bum. None of die passengers were seriously hurt. The state of the road at Tommy's Gap is di%raeeful.and as it is said a small nun would put it in suflicient repair to prevent the cnauce of luvjdfsit?, surely the matter might be attended to at once. iAt a meeting of the Come and Welcome : Lodge, No. 61. I.OG-T, held on Tuesday, i August 6, at the Methodist New Connexion Lecture Hall, Franklin-street, the installation of officers for the ensuing quarter took place. The GBJ.T. Brother F. Leane, DJ)., assisted by the L J>. and Brother Caas, installed the officers as follower—W.C.T, Brother T. S. Peryman; W.V7T., Bro. W. H. McCreeth; WJS., Bro. A.C.Belcher; W.F.S., Bro.Hogg; W.T, Bister Spinks; W.Chap,Sister E.Dyke; WJL,Bro. A.McOreeth; WXG^Bro.Btejiben?; W.0.G., Sister JS. Considine; W.A 8., Sister A. Dyke; WJXM., Sister Cuutawn; W.RJfcS. Sister H. Winter; WX.HS, Sister 3. Spinka;Bro.G. K. Brown taking the position of P.W.C.T. The reports of tbevariou? officers showed tliat the Lodge was in a good position. Sir J. Vogel, die Agent-General in Condon for New Zealand, baa written to his Government (nays the Melbourne Age) forward ing a proposal that 3OJOOO to GOfIBO acres of land should be set apart for immigrants of a superior class, with some capital; a higher price to be charged them for land than if purchased in the colony. Defaced payments to be allowed to some extent. He has aleo written suggesting that young men to tbe number ef twenty, with some capital, should be aent «it from EnijUmd to bam farming; their capital to mf «aoh amount as would entitle them to receive land vban they had practical experience fa work it The proposal has been approved of by Mr. J. Macandrew, who was the Minister of Lands is New Zealand, and now occupies the position of Minister of Public Works. On Thursday evening, August 8, tie nail coach running between I'ort MaeDonneil ■ad Mount Gambier was capsized over an em bankment near •ll??«l«l« and the driver, Henry Itobineon. bad hia eoUsr-bone broken. There were no passengers. The Harder JKstefc states that assfstanea being at band tlie coach was righted and proceeded «n its way. Itoblnaga went to the Iwsfjtal. where his injuries wen attended to. The following is the substance of the reports on the Government experimental farms for the month of July:—From the farm in the North-But Mr.Geo^e Baanaford. the manaor, reports that there are IBS acres under cultiv? tion, and three 'men and oue boy employed with hones. Of this area 167 acnes are sown with wheat, 12 acres with barley, and sic acre* with oatoi. Since the late rains nearly all the wheat had come op. which rathersurprised Mr. Banna; ford, as much of it bad been, three months in the ground; GO acres of it was rather thin, bat the remainder was thick enough for a good orap. Borne that came up after the March rains grew so ranlcthathehadittobefedoff. Too rainfall for the month was 1-862 inches in seven days. The ; highest temperature recorded was 70? and the lowest 32?. The weather has been cold aad windy. From die South-Bart farm Mr. R. A l'erkina reports having «4 acres of wheat aad •is of barley under cultivation, besides IS aorta of English grasses. He reports that the crops ere lookingweU. The wheat was coning up, and I he hoped to finish sowing by the first week in August, weatbur permitting. The weather had been wet aud rough during July. | It is with regret that we announce the I death at the age of 62 years of Dr. Mum, which took place at his residence, near Bey nella,on Thursday, the tkh instant, at I o'clock pjn., after afortnight'a illness. The deeeaaed j gentleman bad been a quart?rof a eeotory ia I tbeoDlony.and followed his profession at one i period at the Bam, where be was apartonr of I Dr. Main, but for the hut H years be has heen | settled in tbe neighborhood where be died, and ' where he had a large country nactjee, his patient* being Mattered over a radius of many miles from his well-known residence. which stands just off the main Sooth-road. He was a i by reader of the Chnrcb of Rutland at I O'HaUorao HOI, and always took a great in terest in all local matters. Be was at one time Chairman of the Ctantidon District Counril. The cause of his death was heart disease, and several sae&csl; gentlemen from Adelaide have been attending him. Urn. Goose and Blison have visited him; and on Thursday Dr. Gunson w*s in attendance, when Dr. Maurau, who was in full possession of all his f acuities, was giving an elaborate desertp tion of the symptoms of his complaint, when be •as seined with a spasm and fell back in his lx-d. Dr.Gonaon raised the patie?t, who imase diately died in bis arms. Dr. Maurau was greatly n-spected in the district in which be had lived and labored so long, and many of the resident* feel that they have tost not only an able physi cian but a good friend. He leaves a widow, bat no family. The first of a series of lectures to be given in aid of the Kent Town Wesleyaa ! Church school funds mas delivered in the Use- I tsire Hall on Thursday evening. August is, by j l'rofessor Davidson, who took for his subject j " Our inberitauM in the Grmt Pyramid." The chair was occupied by Mr. James Soott. There nas a bulge attendance. In commencing his i Ucturetfte Prof i asm said that he had always < liad a groat fondnsas for the subject of the I'yramids. but vi lecturing on them he found some difficulty, as be bail never seen them. He : supposed, however, that most of bin hearer* bad dome idea of their general character. Thee* were on the banks of the Kile a large number of Pyramids, but the most of them wen- near Cairo, where the largest of all was situated. That one was called the Greet Pyramid, and was of immraso sisp. Its base measured 7«S? fort across aud >ta height 485 feet, but a better idea of Hs size might he gained by those who had sees the bluffat Port Victor, a* it waj>ai«mt one-third larger than the bluff. Ko authentic informatiou could begot with ref ccenee to the age of the Gnat ryramid, but it was probably buUt by the ancestors of Abraham. With ve gard to the u«e of the I'yranuds, there were several theories. The most r**nmw of these •, was that tlwy wen- built as mansnawimi for tbe o>ad.Tberewasanotbertheorywhirkperhaaswas sparer iin truth, sod that wss.thatUw-y wtrein li mil ii ■■aslnmiiiiiaiulm 11 sl?n urn Sane years •go, however, a Pinfasssr Bssytb, of Scotland. < startled the people at homo with altogether a new theory, which was. that the Pyramid was thai the pyramid was intended fur a •tandarii ■ measure, and it was that theory which be would discuss that night. The lecturer tbca proaaeUed to give an elaborate analysis of Prof«s?r Smytlie* tbeury, snowing its possibility by i tijjures representing tin: calculations made by IWewor £mythe. Mr. Davidson was fre quently applauded throughout throughout tbe > lecture, which was highly interesting and en- , UTtaining. Hie next lecture will br given by the Uev.W.T.Oartar on Augusts, and will be I entit liil *■ Tbe Australians." ; A case of fraudulent insolvency, in which ' two brothers and two sinters wen involved, i came on as the Polire Court on Tborsday, The defendant* were Abraham, John, Morgan*, and Ellen McGumnws. but only John and Ellen MrGninness bad been arrested. It is snppowd that Margaret is in Sydney, and the pallor are actively looking np Abraham MtOmnuess. ' Mr. Symon.wbo appeared for the proMcutioa. ' said the facts were that Abraham McGnrnmss I bad heen in business in <J«orgetown sint? 18T:% : and had nwnaged to aerure the eoufideno' of reveral leading rwrchanhi ia Addside. Brae ' time lart year he gave bill* to hi« brotbrtr John. bis sisters Margaret and HUra. and to his mother. Mary McOumneam, acaounthtg to : iSiW JB*., making them all fall due on .Inly 1, \s~i* These bills appeared to be fur a fictitious debt, ss they never went into the lianfc, and no one else fcnt-wjanytatng about them. On the Ist of June it was pre sumably arranged that John Mrtiuinnesa should come to Adelaide with liis buUt Margaret bbhl onli-r a large quantity of f^tods, which were to U- taken in AbraUsro's name, but which were to be handed over to John anal taken to l'<irt Piri in Ikiui.lntion of the deJrt which wan then due to i.uu add to hUsistuTK aad mother. Thstdooe. Abraham intended to offer his creditors a eosa. petition. John having made arraagrments tor t}?-Jt?seof a store at J'ortPirje came to Ade laide to putrhase goods to the extent of £3300. Having done this, a small portion of tbe goads were taken overland and the rest by sea to Port I'irie. Invoices were then sent to 4*tNmw by tbe wholesale houses fortfae various amounts, while the value of the stock at Oeogetown was «uly £2,000. John then seemed to ham gone en to Georgetown, and thinking that the aefaeaui would not be complete without giving the transaction at least the color of a sale an account was drawn out for tto whole of U?e goods bought, with some ether amount*, bringing up tbe total to £4,000. t«r whirfa t>ills extending over 21 mouths mm given. Tbe first lull was due nine month* hence, aud as a result of this arrajgeoutnt, effected uLder the color of a sale, the creditor* could not recover a first instalment for nine months. This Icing done the goods at Port I'irie were de livered over into John's custody. Then, as an other part of tlie scheme, Abraham handed over all the cash lie had to tbe amount of £100 or £^U. The next step was to ask the creditors to take a composition, and this ns to be man aged by John issuing a friendly suit against Alirabam for these kills, and a writ was cakeu out on July S. The brothers cune to Adelaide, and tlie book* of accounts at Georgetown were talun away. The proposition they made was declined by their creditors, and a petition for an adjudication of insolvency was filed l.y ibeni die same day, and tbe hearing ime adjourned till tbe 10th. While pro ) ceotiDgs were pending with the solicitor* on j July 22, John went post haste to Georgetown nutl made the man there draw out an invoice from his brother to himself for £309 14a. for valuables purporting to be sold on July 3t). He ben went on to Fort Pnie, and he and his Meter Margaret nnss'&ed; the store and took away the best things. From that day ft. McGuinness has been lost sight of, and Mar garet was allowed togo to Sydney fcytfce credi tors for the ostensible purpose of borrowing money. The goods which wen sent hack from Fort Pirie were in fourteen packages, and the creditors were assured that they ouly ~—*~jtv?* the personal effects of Mks Ellen. Buspirions however growing stronger, they were on their arrival taken, though not without opposition an the part of John, to Messrs. Mtanmy*s warehouse GntheSOthtbeadjndicariooof insolvency was obtained, and either on Oat night or the next day Abraham and BUen Mrflwinness vanished, but the Utter was afterwards amsted at v . rail's Flat. The case, after the hearing of some unimportant evidence, was adjourned for a week. "The intense interest taken intibe Potte chUd-steslinf case was indiosied yestsraay," etates the nWhonrnn Artr- of Awmt 6. "li the wtfasrfapw at tte flUpy fMis- O«t The Bench was crowded wun sjagiwuSas, tins Court wu filled iaemy part by the public sM during tbr «k boon which the inn-st^tm ooenpwd tbe adjoining atnseta were crawoW by several traodred* of people diaciwsiaw tbe larioos points of the ease. Ue olfanre against Uhs woman Fitafhban was of a saost cundnaive character, and the ideMKty wf <he cliild was estabiMied. apart from otter ewemm stonces by tbe existence of a red Mrth-Baark. which extended from the nose ewer tbe right eyelid, bat which waa only visible when the infant waa excited. The pitoo—r was com mitted for trial at tbe Oenteal Criminal Chart. During tbr bearing of the evidence aba ap peared to real we tbeaerioas position in winch she was placed, and aa she waa leaving tbe dock die fell down in a *wooa." Tbe annual meeting of toe Boirden and ITindnawsh Mission was heM m tb* Ofcriwian Chapel, Rowerc-stxeet. PiliHisiisssh. on Wedaws da7«*O?*B«,Aa««st7. Mr. Thas. sVns, V^aee ' President, MeanM die chair. Tbaw wm • Urge ai«rmlasee,tiw<Aai^bemgn?ed. Tbr rtport, wbicfa wa* ■wmiitm wy the fcev. John McKwm. allowed tfaat tbe agent of tb* WDmmm, Mr. Than. Harfcaeaa, had beest atoatw* pawiof t hi* wwk warms tbe ymr ef vintmc hm Imme to beoae, ea >t a«iuft in raljginaai m atisn with tba people, reading the *criptuie* and rmjsm; with tbe stekvawawrgiaa; the people to stfcnd acme place ef worship aad to aewd th^er ohodoa to nondoy scbsnl. MiMpAbn SMI visna Imt been made thtwagbsnt ITJiliiirafc 1 •wsmal sfamwk mwM?wwMmwMflawawV wMtwaTMawa?wawMt mwMwMttT *maw stvamge of wigbt vwatoforewery nsiaism **T fa tin fmr. Banm fO (M wttffcmM famvi tteo? tawAwasned tjrith *Mmsi varyiaVsC bam Sa. «. to 15s. CWUms ani boots mm bai hmn coUoetod *w4 anwen away, ami a Isas? irambsr of taea llwiftamii Mr. Hsrkwns bwt *iao visited ttw sswmikal waw the Btoefcade. Tbe Ou*?mil*i« bad sairsatLj ami \- m- * __ f _ - J — ttmaaa, Jlaawfinr awwWafffll?wi waV VmWfTVwsVZ Vn mV wMtaVwVmV «•& •«■■ Bawa«mCwS? ■pJ hm-1 mmd their iufliMmW t? ■■pyi i ■ f i \- - - * - — • - Vtha. smwaawaawamwl mwaawam** ■PrfMaieWaW smaVQ affnVmWml' K*saff9 almswa?awMwawi VTeVMBKI ' prumwwl by Mr. J. Piskcrsag. IJP^ shswajl ifaK£lw9Bs.bad branrrceindfram Mr.J.H Angas. of wtich £ISO had bawa mud to tbe agent, and £10 na. to tbe late WbTTaJ^f. Some O& had been raorimd tram the Chmefct* and «Kpended in tlw relief of tbe psar. Ad dtesaas wm- oVtittrnd by the Xt-n. B. M. Honter. T. MeXe?, H D. Smith. H. Margar, •jndMr.Barknsm. The o*watw«mtOmim?lt«i , . . Z^^ii M — sf iilln^saaj "MW V Tl <Tf wa|HrflUiirH M ■UHUVaTfI Z 1 ICwSmOMwtt, JBr. «i . H. Ang?; Vioe- Trwideatt, Mr. Tbas. Loes; flmUwy, Bey J. MeSwm; Tnwmrer, Mr. i. Pickering. J.F. : OsanMec, Beva. R. M. Butita*\T. Mr?«l. H. Mann, H. D. Smitb, Mesan. E Gwdd, J. Harry, l>r. 8. Katerr, and W. Aearfng, ami Tbss Hatknam agm*. A niwbiTof Hs>s>j'sby?aswCTe isng,aaLi the anaenMpor Mr. J. rVfceriog, jwn. Aosll*o tinactalisedfi*«. Tbe annnal meeting of the Chamber of Manufacture*, is to beheld at the Hall. Way moutb-«tn«t,thaiafterjtoon. A roeetinp is to be held at Gtencifr thin cvemnt; to rousi.W tbeapplieatMtiof the H<M fast Bay BaUwwy Company for power to bring their railway into that town. « LUioford'a Ghost and IVute Comedy Ojmpany'waiapmat Whites Baom* «b Mon day eveaaoa; ■•**. In tb* list of acceptance* for tbe Mcl- Unime Cnp in yerterday'c itane the name of lloaworth a<cidentaUy appeareii. Tiut horse wss seratcbed some time ago. 3Jea*ra. Ilari««andS>-wia, who have been on an extended toor in tbe Northern diatriets with their drawing-coom entiTtamment, have retaru«<l to Adelaide to arraagr for a awsan at White a Botass. Bef<ve opening in Adelaide thef will visit some of the Southern towuUips <>n Tuesday. August C, a cask-rolling , match took place on tbe Bay-road between X. ; Freeman, of tbe West-End Brt-wery. and It. , Bancroft, of tbe lingon Brewery, which re i snlted in an casj victory for tin- lattar. Tbe j distance was 100 jania. : Sbakepeare'a fine spectacular play of ' "Hrttty IV" wax repeated at the Ttteatr, -■ Hoys] on Hmnday evening to aa audience who 1 testified tbew pleasure in frequent applause, andafr.OreawttkasStr John Fabtaff was well fsapported by tbe other ■Bembers of the r-jtn nany. The piece, which sent very smoothly on it* mscaoA prawsitation. ts wrfl place-1 uo the stage, and will be repeated this evening. ' A complimentary benefit is to be *iv«o to Mr. Uwis Kilkenny, the Bagtish bOlisrd plavcr. at tbe Oi *■■ Billiard Saloon t&s; rveniaa;. This is a. wcU-doaeresd ■wraa.aitaaai ! of Mr. Kiatemrfwafcal awapksya; and wmmm glad to bear ttat it m iataiy to bsalsrfejr aib-Dded and •oooessfnl itmmustiatiim. FUy ' will comenee at 7 av'daefc. tbe Vorkshwe champion giving a wcU-known amateur 250 punts oat of SOO. Mr. Albert White wiU tr*« rogasp the champion for seven gaaaas of I fjnsaida. to l?- played with one ball off the table. The cntertninMnt will he condoled wr Mr. Wyld and Mr. Kdkenar rontestng a gasae > of 500 wp, the local player iroeirag S? point*. Every ■■ iwagi 'vent has been made wjf Mr. WyU to mmn the ooanfort of rhasc srraadmg, said we I uvsiiretsatthee^wa,wiUbea*«rrpi«saat ; one to all oawaemoi. i Rink-skatifiir may now lairlv claim to i haw rstalJialied itself as a * it~~piTstnr sail mean* of recras&on; in Adelaide. Instead of the novelty wearing off. as was pcvdktad by bmbv perms on the ipeaing of the skat ekatin«rink, admirers of the ?■■?■■—ntr* are daily im niasiin, <hi Thursday *r<4iing, August 8, a skating ' demonstration took place at BastardY Kiok, *a3 1 tb<\- entcrprue of the firopnetoca waa fully re ! warded by a very latceatteudanoraf ladios and : fsmMemt*, who taxed tbe acrotniuodatiun pro vided to tbe utmost. The skating was exceed ' ingl;" £O«1, all the competitors id the varioos rwatt- showing such an aoaount of skill a* to impart to the minds of tbe Don-statist specta • taraafalseoonfideiice. There ansaaavwaaJMaf ' alxiut five competitor* in each race, and the ' proceedings tboogh nt* verj exciting www inte r««ttng. Tl* programme «uihraced haadieap tint. hiud!e. and pickahack race?. a tug of war. ?od as eibibitjuu of faary +~*iig Two racw tor ladie« were also iscludad, bat as none «t the l^ntler ma. w,tt fortbraaing the (-rent* dU t>s« o?e off. Thf flat raon wet? welt contested, ami good akatiuf was shows, abhwgh mm of tb.- competitor* reorded pace aa «M«ntial rather than grace. The imrsQeraet- was *^cv« -■ fciwiy am?siug, as tba htuwles aud brij^r coulJ dot always be s?Mv negutisted, and caused : aeA-etai apillf. The tug-of- war was rathar a j laaghahle afbtir, the opnuaiog partitai ttunUiog 1 abont in auythiog but an elegant axuiacv in tb)irend4av«rstokr«]>tb<ir f«et The tilting '< natch waa very intrrestiog, aad Mr. M^vtts ; aaade tbe eioelU-ot score of 13 nag*. : Tbe fanes- skating match was by far tlw moat adaiirabU performance Jaring I tbe evening, and tbe Judge* saaat bare | found some dtftcalry in arririqg at a <itti>?mi. 1 Mr. M. P.Varor, the •uc l t?Jul vompeutxir. taJ the otber skater* in thi? exhiUtun. «ho«c>l a fwat amount of tJcjll. The fnses were aa sssViil tv lollii?> :—Handicap, si* time* mns.il risk. ; Mr. FXlnideniac: wnan-rof >BO«s«v««te.gol<l nwdal peDdant. Mr. Alfred WalU; tasting. Mr J Mt-ycn; and fanej skating, rhsmpinai pair of fekates, Mr. M. I*. Baror. A band was prase** > and enlivened the proceeding*. liewt-Coi. : Fitxroy aetedaa staruc and ri*ar*Tt>yer. and I ?et«nl other geutkanen as Judges. 