TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES, VICTORIA. (from our own correspondent.) VICTORIAN PARLIAMENT. , ." Melbourne, Wednesday." In the Assembly, Mr BERRY said he thought the business would be through to-day, and he would be able to prorogue on Tuesday. He is not going to interfere with the Cnmese question. ' Mr .CASEY; said lierwould move that in case of a disagreement between tbe As sembly and the Council, the Government should dissolve oue or both if not settled, and then decide himself if tbe Council could reject an Appropriation Bill. Pure and simple tbe bill can pass without their assent. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN said the Go vernment had offered Ml George Higiu- bofcliam a judgeship, but tbe offer had been refused: - : / ' \- 5 Mr BERRY said any information about the Kellys will be well paid for. Mr BERRY said it was the intention of ihe Government to dismantle the Mel bourne gaol when arrangements were com pleted. The Constitution Amendment -Bill/and the Legislative Council Constitution' Bill were postponed." ' G u P- Mr GAUNSON- niade a long attack on the Government; arid' advocated a, nominee House, to be increased cri :,an" emergency. ' " Mr SERVICE said lie would . never rioii- sent to the "unchecked supremacy of the Assembly. The SPEAKER presented the Reform Resolutions ' from fciie Council; and the debate was postponed; / _ . The. Education Act Amendment Bill was adjourned, and; it was moved to , force the Government. to name, a dav'.for & division. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN skid lie would support the Bill, and spoke at length. Mr RAMSAY said the division in the Ministry was an ominous sign. Mr BERRY said it had no political sig nificance, and deprecated further debate. Mr SERVICE said he sympathized with the Bill, but could not support it, be- cause he believed it would not accomplish the purpose designed. The matter dropped. The Council passed the Appropriation Bill up to its third reading. Dr MADDEN gave notice to protest against the Embassy vote. The Government are frilly determined, if possible, to count out the Assembly "to day and to-morrow, and to prorogue. On Thursday they will have a trip down the Bay in the Nelson. Cards for the prorogation are issued. The National Bank failing to comply with the judge's order directing possession of the Hand and Band mine to be given up to the company, the latter obtained a writ for contempt. The writ has been lodged in the hands of tlie sheriff. The directors can take possession of all lands, goods, chattels, and tenements belonging to the bank. By arrangement tlie sheriff postponed putting it into operation until to-morrow, when the bank will apply to have the , writ set aside. Tlie . bank affirms they could . not comply with tlie order, because- the lease of the; mine was forfeited for non-payment of Tent. The person /who <r Lately : . lias been frightening people at Richmond, Prahran, and CoUingwood: by personating a ghost, has now appeared in tlie Royal Park. The other night he suddenly appeared aud frightened two young ladies, one of whom fainted, and since has been seriously ill. It is stated the culprit made a bet he would continue appearing a certain number of times every month for six months without detection. If is also stated that Mr Trench retires from the Land Tax Commissionership, which will he taken by another Minister ; that Sir C. G. Dhtfy retires from the Speaker ship, whichjvill be given to Mr Lalor, while Sir "Bryani O'Loglilen will be raised to the bench/ v This with the Postmaster- Generalsliipjv.now vacant,, will leave five vacancies for'fhb Ministry/ ' 1 It isirumdred 'tliat Mf Berry intends' to take the Agent- Generalship.-:- ; . ' The -police behig' required to shoot an infuriated bull in the parkNon /the banks of the ' Yarra, several troopers were sent 'down with rifles, but failed to' hit the animal in six shots, and then had to go for more ammunition, but found no more at the dep6t,and. a-civilian had to be got to kill tlie beast. "Under ;..arij| "circumstances,1 Parliament will be'prorogued oh Tuesday next. At Ecliuca,.a...Chinaiiiaii was . arrested,. charged with forgery at Wangaratta, and was remanded-to'I-he latter place. / ; A number of deputations assembled to day, all oil. town subjects. The weatlief is splendid. In the stock market IS, 000 sheep were yarded, principally prime quality. Market opened dull ; prices decreased 6d to Is per head. Unusually heavy supply of fat cattle, quite in excess of demand ; prices down in consequence/ f J f j ' ; / !/( /, Iii import and" general markets, good business doing, t flour selling (£10 10s to £10 15s ; wheat:, 5s to 5s Id'; comsacks, active, 9s to 9s"ld /new oats coming, for ward freely, sales 4s lid to 5s, according to quality. ' / / / 