A CHRISTMAS CAROL. Mr. J. R. Betts, teacher of elocution, who intro ducedhiinsclf to the Hobart Town publican ly in the year by a very successful lending entitled Edmund Kean," in which he gave a graphic account of the struggling life and ultimate success of the eminent tragedian, appealed again last craning at the Town Hall in a new enteit.i'iuupnt based upon the Christmas Tale of the late Mr. Charles Dickens, "A Christmas Carol." The audience was a large, His Excellency the Governor being unavoidly absent. Mr, Betts's choice of a subject was a good one, not only as being appropriate to the near approach of the festive season but also from the inherent value of the work and the hold it has always had upon English bells in all parts of the world where the tongue is spoken in which the great master of fiction wrote it. "My chief pin pose," said the author, writing of his favourite work. "was, in awliimsic.il kind of masque, which the good humour of the season justified, to awaken some loving and forbearing thoughts, never out of season in a Christian land." How well he succeeded is told by the affectionate regard in which the tale is still held. Thackeray, with his power of words, writing of it, says : - " It seems to me a national benefit, and to every man and woman who leads it a personal favour," adding " the last two people I heard speak of it were two women, neither of whom know the other, nor the author of it, and both said, by way of criticism, " God bless faith" Such in the feeling that is created by this touching story, with its wholesome kindly, moral, and it is not wonderful to find that it was, of all his readings before the public, the greatest favourite Dickens had. Curiously though it was the very first reading given by him anywhere, oven privately, and was delivered in the midst of a little home group, as his biographer relates, who were assembled one evening in the year 1849, in Lincoln's Inn Square Chambers, - to hear the " Carol" prior to its publication. Long after Dickens rose to eminence as a public orator, it remained his favourite and no other work of him, of whom the discerning Arthur Ilerls wrote when he road Or spoke the whole main read or spoke," was so dearly treasured or so often chosen for his readings.". No more need be said in support of the asset him that; the choice was a wise one and of the performance last ovchiug'lt'iV a pleasure to add that the time honoured success was repeated in the most emphatic' manner. i Mr Bolts, was very ably assisted by four other , readers, amateurs whose position in this respect is, an, ¡ assured one. The, course taken was as follows:- | The opening section was read by Mr. Betts himself, , who introduced the centre figure, Old Scrooge, with his cynical morosoiioRs-the squeezing, clasping, scrap)- i Ing, covetous old-timer, as the work has it. Well I contrasted was the bright light-heartedness of ' Scrooge's nephew, and their opening cover. station was a happy effort, with the drink accessory In poor Bob Cratchit, the freeling scribbler. Tljo appeal of the philanthropists was followed by the mysterious episode of Marley's Ghost, which opens with the fanciful metamorphosis of the door- knocker, followed by the anxiety of Scrooge, the appearances in the grate, the weird lining of the bell and not the bells, the clanking of the chain, the past concluding with the appearance, of the spectre. Considerable applause followed, and Mr. Knight continued with the description of farley s ("ghost in appropriately mysterious tones, and with ujiukod had varied expression' The point's calculated to excite the risible faculties were also well emin-, elated and emphasized., , Scrooge's abject coward dice and fear of the apple crop was vividly depicted in face and voice, Mr, Knight's full deep tone of voice proving highly effective, The Ghost of Christmas Past" was ably rendered by Mr. Charles i E. Davies, who gave perhaps the host. idea of, Soronjo's voice of any of the vendors. The description of the curious appearance of this apparition was clearly wrought in a way that brought it distinctly before the mental vision of the hearers. The expedition, the first old Scrooge took, to the home of his boyhood, and his touching recognition of the landmarks, was intensely interesting, this part being well wound up with A pathetic rendering of. the account of the neglected orphan , weeping in, the chill deserted schoolroom, with the cheerful reverse in the arrival of the child-sister to convoy him unox pectedly to his home, and the scene in the warehouse with hearty old Fo/.z wig and his BniTouudingt-, all in fested with his own joyousness. The description of the dance was an excellent place of comedy, and ex cited much amusement. Mr. Solly, who road at short notice in) the place of Mr. Albert Reid, gave the second ghostly visit to old Scrooge, '. The Ghost of Christmas Present." and Mr Alexander Hold followed with the "The Ghost of Christmas yet to come." Both were highly characteristic and interesting reading, the curious nature of the narrative losing nothings either gentleman's hands, and the attention of the audience failing not one whit. The Crntehot family's Christmas was positively exhilarating in Mr. Solly's hands, while the pathos of the Tiny Tim islands and the rough affection of poor Bob, for the little cripple fixed all ours and hearts at once by the faithful appreciation of the author by Mr. Solly, and his power of depicting it climatically,,, the, Pathos . MW, ,ki"Bii#HW°. Mr Reid's " Scene- in the City " created a good deal of merriment, finding itself in Scrooge's horror at his own unlamented demise and neglected grave, and the touching recital of the bereaved family who had lost their most loved, because most helpless, member. Mr. Betts then gave the closing recital, abandoning his book entirely, and fully entering into the spirit of the rejuvenescence which comes to the cross gi valued old curmudgeon, when his original, kindly, and generous impulses, frozen up for so many years, are let loose once more, moving him to use his wealth, not only for his only enjoyment, but for the benefit of all who have the remotest claim upon him, and of whose welfare he at once assumed the case. Sciooge's short interview with his nephew's servant and his waiting for and treatment of Bob Cratchit, were two most excellent pieces of bye-play and quaintness of oiled. Mr. Betts was recalled to the stage, after his retirement, in the most enthusiastic manner by the large audience which had waited till the conclusion, although the hour was getting a late one the pleasure to which they gave vent being unmistakeably one which had been really afforded by the readings. In speaking of air. Betts himself, we are encouraged to repeat the words with which wegieotedhiaiasteffoits to please the public. Writing of his reading then we said Without ci incising Mr. Betts from a professional point of view, we may congratulate him on the posSession of many of the natural endowments, which combine to make up the qualifications of the public orator-a powerful mammy, of clear enunciation, a natural and refined delivery, appropriate and not ex-' cessive action, and an evident love for his art. With such advantages he cannot fail to command success in this portion of his career, and we trust to hear him, again, in a similar manner on another and more extended subject." After last night we can only congratu- late Mr. Betts on the success which has attended his further steps, and repeat our former estimate of Ilia 'oratbrioal'ability. Further, we would add that time has improved his voice and manner of delivery, and that in action the change for the better is even more apparent. Of his love for his art which has led him thus far in his profession, no better proof could be given than the manner he received his success and the unexpected warmth, to him, of the audience in all the more gratifying. The musical portion of the programme was under the direction of Herr Schott. Songs were sung between each of the parts, the vocalists being Messrs. Smith, Benson, and Robert Young. Most of the songs were appropriate to the leading, the continuity of the whole being time sustained. Mr. Young's efforts were in a comic attain, and won boisterous encores. The other songs were also warmly applauded. The class of entertainment is thoroughly unique, and will no doubt become very popular. Kent says : "A moikrfn'reading is in the very nature of It like a revert- ing to the primitive simplicity of the stage when the stage in its social influence was at its highest and noblest ; when, for the matter of that, it was all but paramount." The, powerful influence of the drama, purged of the accessories to which a large section of the community object, is here provided, and it should meet with a due acknowledgment from them. ' 