) T H E J. .H A N T 0 iSl U I N E R. ) G-l .itori/ of the old gold digging dtig.s-.) / "TiiObyou a ghost story," said my iiuclo Ned, a halo old ) gentleman of 70 years. " Well, .1 will i-clalc a peeuliar afl.air that happened on T.alluians Gully, in 1850." ) Wc were all attention, and ii.stoiied to tlic very reinai-k- ( able nai-rative he related in the folloning manner : / " Yon must know," coinincnced my uncle, " that I .and I XUUL ILLctLUa WGIU 111 /»- w- f river — living, I said, I should liavc c.allcd it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sulfibient go-Id to i \ kee;-) us in the commonest tucker. After ciii- cvei-yd.ay's j work, yon may be sure wc were tired ciiongh ; but w'c were - ) cvei-y night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clihk, clink : ) of a pick, about fifty yards from our oanv.as ItouiC.- Tdiis cou-fouudod noise always coinincnced at midnight,, and' did ) not cease until the break of day. One nighll' wc- Were : w' determined to .sec who it was ; so wc sallied foi-fcli in the brigh-ft moonlight, and saw a figure in a coarse red' fliinnci ) shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard .at work by" an ; . old claim which had been deserted for many j'car.s. I w.as chosen- spokesman, to e.xiiostulatc with this noisy digger; , I but wlien I w.as within twenty y.ards of him, I stood still, traiisfixcil with horror, — for the wearer of the diggcFs i clothes was no lir.ing imvn, Tmt ti s-Jtuleton ! " » "UncTe Ned 1" we all cried, "how fearful." .j " One raght, our tent w.as visited by a handsome, wellt- I to-do looking man, of about fifty years of ago, who- | I enquired for a dig.ger of whom we know nothing about. | Ho told- us that in '51. lie and a mate of his deserted fronv i ' one of Her Majesty's ships, and stiu'tcd for the Tallrnaiis ! I gold fields;; They worked with pretty gooil luck for .a few j months, when the new comer- went down to Melbourne to i ' see about some letters. Before he went, he said to his ' I mate, ' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the j claim for a day until I come imck.'' Bob promised, and they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ex- digger, -'.and there w.as ai-rcsted as .a deserter, and seat on board ;' and now that I have- obtained ray discharge, I have hastened up here to fiud my old'chum.' ' You will see him to-uiglit,' I said; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' Air inidniglit, the everlasting clink of the 'phantom's pick washeiird, and we all turned out. 'Ahi' .cried the .sailor; '.there's dear old Bob. ; Bob, hero I am back. Bbb; spbak to ine.' He i-ah to the figure, which ; turned i ts hideous f. ace on him-. With a load shriek the seeker . fell senseless ori the. ground. The ghost threw down its pick,;and vanished; . In the- rnorhing we disco vered the poo'r sailor, a 1-a.ying lunatic; '' ; ; '' Oh, .uncle .Ned,, what a fearful story.'' "'Well, you asked' me; to - tell you ..a stdrg,,a,a(k I have done s'oi" .' -r' - " Then, it is not true 1 " \ .. . . . " Well, said pin- uncle, laughing, '" it is as true 'las many of the absurd yarns th.at got about during the raging of the gold fever.. Ah, thp.se were sti-ixnge d.ays, when men would undergo' any ain'ouiit of privation for a few ounces of gold. How different it is nosy; for should a man bo pushel for a la;i-ge or smair amount all that lie has to do is to have art-interview Isvitli DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east. Who has from £5 to £l0,0(X)-to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without security), s.alary,. orders, life .policies, certificates, deeds,' biil' of ladirig, legacies, goods, merchandise, on' expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from' England and elsesvhore, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrosvers. Bills .discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and morl gages from (i per cent. 