? THEATRE BOTAL.—Shakapeare's great tragedy «Hamlet" was repeated at the Theatre Boyal on Thursday evening before a large audience. Of Mr. Greswick'a impersonation of the melancholy Dane too much cannot be said in its favour, it being in every respeot a masterly performance, and tbe audience imperatively recalled him before the curtain at the end of each act. Miss Ashton gave a pleasing representation of Ophelia, and though at first rather tame she gradually warmed to her work, being very effective in the mad scene. Miss Carrie George as the Queen of Denmark gave a fair portrayal of that character. Mr. Lawrenoe played with his usual ability as the King,iftfl Mr. Martin's presentment of Polonious was exceedingly clever. Mr. Beynolds was for too forcible both aa Laertes and the First Actor. Mr. Holloway impersonated tbe Ghost, his deep voice being well suited to the part, and Messrs. Owen and Forde made the parts of the two gravediggera very creditable. The other characters were taken as follows:—Horatio, Mr. Gladstone; Bosencrantz, Mr. Forbes; Guildensters, Mr. Medns; Osrich, Miss Maggie Knight; MarceLIas, Mr. Irvine; Francisoo,Mr. F. Harrison; and Actress, Miss Hathaway. THB AHATETTE MUSICAL UHIOK.— 1 The effort* of this Society to foster the taste whidbl Adelaide folk are supposed, whether rightly at wrongly, to possess for good music have daring the past four yean been so successful and hav& aroused so general an interest that the opening of the current season will doubtless be eagerly anticipated by many. From the prospectus of the Union, a copy of which has been sent lis by the Hon. Secretary (Mr. H.Blatchford), we notioe that the proposed programmes will inclrutemaqy ehoice productions of the best authors,- aad ih* projected concerts may certainly iw expected-to supply genuine treats to all lovers of the divine art. An advertisement on the subject appears elsewhere. WHITH'S BOOKS.—Notwithstanding amnttifcattractionj Messrs. Kelly -and Leon's jBtepK company of nlinstrels maintain their popularity. There was a large attendance last evening, abcl the audience testified their approval by frequent and hearty applause. To-night-will be the last of the present programme. .. CITY MISSIOK HAIX.—A musical and dramifee Club and the members of Mr. T. W. Iiyofw'fl singing class. There was a moderately good attendance, and Master J. M. Dunn presided at the piano. Recitations were well rendered iy Messrs. F. Johnson andX. Warren. Theftete «Make your Wills," in which Miss Warren*, Jas. Sharpe, Carruthers, F. Johnson, J. H. Lyons, J. H. Reed, and B. Whitfield took party and Offenbach's comic,operetta, "The Blind Beggars," were exceedingly amusing, Mr. Lyons especially being very funny, and causing roar* of laughter. THE ATJBTRAXIAM CBICKBTHRS.—The Australian cricketers have begun a match agatn^t eighteen of Sooth Wales, and as .yet have far outstripped their - opponents. In their, first innings tbe Australians made 219 runs, as against 94 made by the South Wales team. The; top score on the Australian side—45—was made by Bailey. IMPOBTANT TO OWKBBS OF BACEHOBSHS.— Mr. W. jfcng, an owner of racehorses, ha» (states the Argus) sued the Taamanian Steam Navigation Company for money paid to them nnder protest as freight for two horses, and also for damages, caused by detention of the said horses. A short time ago the plaintiff went to Tasmania with the horses Adelaide and Barmaid,, and they were taken over by the defendant Company on the usual terms, that if they were not winners they should be brought back to Victoria free of freight. While in Tasmania one of the horses obtained £200 as seoond money in a r&oe;, and the other took £20 as third money in another race, and when they were brought back again the defendants demanded £6 6s. for .their freight on the ground that they were winners. Mr. Quinlan, for the plaintiff, sub* mitted that horses which only took second and third money were not winners. On the other hand Mr. Hood, for the defendants, submitted that the were winners, and His Honor Judge Cope held with that view and gave a verdict for the defendants. THB IXIAXD OmxA MISSIOK.—It is not altogether true that" the evil men do lives after them." "The good is oft interred with their bones," despite the poet's opinion, and Mr. Henry Varley gave a practical illustration of this in tile T«wn Hall on Thursday evening, July 11, by making the earnest useful career of the celebrated Cornish miner Billy Brayi the subject of aa exoellent lecture, which ooold not fail to convey a valuable lesson to the immense number of people who heard it. The prooeeda of the lecture ore to be devoted to the servioe of the China Inland Mission; and as the Town Hall, even to the gallery at the west end' and those on each side of the organ, was crowded, the sum txaised will no doubt be a most acceptable adddition to the funds, The Bev. S. Head. Resided, and after devotional exercises the lecturer introduced his subject, which he treated in a thoroughly charaateristac and therefore interesting way. After refening to the birth of JBlly Bray in 1784, he mentioned his early career of wickedness, delivering en passant a -severe side-hit at weak humanity for seeking solace in. tbe wine-cup, and went on to «peak of the conversion of this rough diamond from his evil waya i. in November, 1823. Then in forcible language . he showed how the former civil doer became a ~ powerful worker for religion, succeeding 9>y2us natural shrewdness, peculiar boisterous energy* deep enthusiasm, simple faith, ready wit, and quaint imagination in doing greater good than more polished evangelists. The reference to Bray's bluntness and thorough earnestness gave Mr. Varley the opportunity of dropping somewhat heavily but justly npon oertain mechanical expounders of tbe Gospel who, as the Cornish miner complained," dealt in a deal of grammar and too little prayer." From the realistic* description of the lecturer Billy Bray must have been a "power in the land," a man full of deep-seated faith even to boisterousness, practical benevolence almost bordering on imprudence, and restless energy that led him to think, say, and do what, but for the unmistakable good he aimed at and achieved, would be dubbed fanaticism. This rough Cornish miner-preacher, clothing his impassioned addresses in the quaint yet forcible vernacular of his class, oftentimes displayed a warm eloquence which won to tbe side of religion many of his fellows npon whom the cold polished oratory of the eotrnd theological scholar wonld have been poured in vain J and though some of his original remarks almost bordered on jrreverenoe Billy Bray was ever too sinoeze a Christian to mean- it. His feelings found vent in the readiest modes of expression that occurred to his practical mind; and to him the Almighty was Indeed a substantial Father, whose aid and advice he asked on every occasion. The career of this Knwearitd entnoiiart was traced through all its varied ways of -usefulness; marked every- -*fttere by startling evidences of "hii fHith up to the day Wf Us death in 1868, which in itself was a lasting lesson of hnmble piety even to the physician who attended him. If the Cornish miner could have known in after years the very leason of hislife helped the cause for which he laboured so heartily it would have given him one more reason for the thankfulness which was his constant theme. Mr. Varley did mot confine himself strictly to the subject of his lecture, but occasionally drifted, into digressions, which added much to the interest of his discourse, making donbly entertaining what was in itself an interesting subject, and he closed by reciting some thrilling verses detailing the heroism of a man who held bis post of duty at the sacriiioeoE his life fin: the sake of his fellows. THB OUTWARD EKGUHH MAIL.—The B.MJS. Assam, which left Melbourne aft 2 o'clock on Taesday, anchored off Glendg about neon on Thursday. The outward ^glifh mails and passengers were embarked shortly after 6 o'clock, and at 6.30 pjn. the Assam weighed anchor, and. under full steam headed down the Gulf. A man in New York, wishing to be witty, accosted an old ragman as follows:—"You take all sorts of trumpery into your cart, don't you ?'* " Yes; jump in, jump in." «9~ We m requested by 3. Jaokman, of 48 and 60, X1d* WUBam-street, to inform the Public that his Dinlng-iooms an opened frem 7 a-m. till 8 p.m., where BMktut, Dinner, sad Tea can be had ; also Out the new bill of tee for 1878 wOl consist of ItaM (U osunes tot Ome (Is.) SHlllng. Choice ot four (<) Sonpe, seven (7) Jolita, eirht (8)KHtrees, with Vegetables and Bread, Pastry er Cheese j One (la.) ghlBlag Smwfo V WOBTH Xxownrer.—That the Largest ""thing and Tallnrlng Prr" > *"i ti * it'n'iT and the Bast, most Stylish, and Cheapest Selection of Mea's, Yoaths (jmd Boys' Clothing and Outflttings, Is at G. •ad W. BhleriaWs. GU«srrrw Houa ll,Htadley-stzaet rraoflaUistMt; trttai w 