Josh Billings on Birds. THE QUAIL. THE quail iz a game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they hum when they fly. They have no song, but whistle for music, the tune is solitary and sad. They are . shot on the wing, and a man may be good in j arithmetic, fuatrate at parsing, and even be able, •to preach acceptably, but if he ain't studied ' quail on the wing be might as well shoot at a , streak of lightning in the sky as at a quail on the' 8°- ... Briled quail, properly supported with jeUeys and a Champagne Chariie, iz just the most difficult tbing,_ in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history ov vittles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for I kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my lips after I git thru, but if I am aaked to eat briled quail by a friend, with judiahous ac* companyment, I blush at fust, then bow my head, and then smile sweet acquiescence—in other words, I alwayß quail before Bueh a request. THE PARTBIDO**, The partridge iz also a game bird. Their game iz tew drum on a log in the spring ov the year and keep both eyes wide open, watching ths sportsman. Partridges are shot on the wing, and are as easy to miss az a ghost iz. It is phun enuff tew see the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This must be seen, it can't be described, and make enny body beUeve it The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, and either of them straddles a gridiron natural enuff to bave been born there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot thorn down, and serve up with a kind of ohorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Cnmden and Amboy Boad 87_ per cent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and must Bay that I prefer a couple of basswood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spauld* tog's glue. THE GOBLIN. ' ' The gosUn is ihe old goose's yung chUd., They are yeUer all over, and az Boft az a baU of : worsted. Their foot iz wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop of kastor oU on the water. They are born annually about the 15th of May* and never waz known to die naturally. If, a man should tell me he saw a goose i\e a natrel. deth,., \\\ wouldn't believe him under oath after that, nofc even if he swore he had Ued about seeing a goose flic. The goose are disT v rent in ona respect front 1&e; human family, who are sed tew grow weaker and , wiser, whereas a goslin alwus grow* tuflßor and, morephoolish. . * , , ,;•, I have seen a goose that they sed was ninety* three years old last June, and didn't look an, hour older than one that waa.only seventeei*-. The goslin waddles when he walk-, and paddles when he swims, but neyer dives Ujkfß a cluck, out. of sight in the water, but only changes ends., The food uv the goslin iz rye, corn, oats and, barley, aweet apples, hasty pudding, succotash,! and tiled cabbage, cooked potatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred, kold hash and buckwheat cakes that are left oven They ain't so particular as some pbolks what thoy eat, won't git mad and quit if they kant have wet toaat and lam chops every morning f o*c breakfast. The Commander of the Faithful was about to Uniform his hosts, and a gigantic contract for cloth was ahead. A contractor presented him self to the Minister of War, prepared to make, bis tender. "How muoh a yard?" said the Minister, softly rubbing his fingers and thumb together. "By the beard of Allah!" said the contractor, who was short-sighted, " thirty liras delivered f. o. b., and may goats defile my grandmother's grave if I make, more than five Bras profit a yard." " Come again to-morrow," said the Minister of War, rather curtly, as the second contractor presented himself. " What do you charge a yard?" "By the great Thirty nine Imaums, forty liras, which leaves me fifteen liras a yard profit," "A-ah," said the official, brightening up, "God is great. Just wait a minuto till I Bee tbia otber slave. How much do you want for your cloth, eh ?" " Sovereign lord," replied the third contractor, falling upon his face while a wink shot over his left eye, " the slave of the footstool has some cloth all wool and warranted not to shrink, which I will lay upon the altar of my country for fifty liras a yard." " And the profit there upon," said the official in a voice choked with emotion, "is " "Is twenty-five liras a yard." " O my soul, O my lamb," replied the Minister, " the contract is thine." And clapping his hands he bade tbe Nubian slave who appeared go bid his bekbehrs begin carting sand for his new palace.—-Figaro. The following anecdote may be appreciated by people of the most opposite ways of thinking on the Eastern Question. One day Abdul Medjid took a walk with Rizr. Paaha in the streets of Constantinople, when they met some Swiss street hawkers, whose blue blouses seemed a strange apparel to the Sultan. " What kind of people are these ?" asked Abdul Medjid. " They are Switz«?r.«," replied Riza. " Switzers ? What country is theirs ?" enquired the Sultan. "It is a Rmall Republic bordering upon Germany and France," was the answer of tbe pasha, who had some better notions of politicil geography than his imperial master. " Tlu-y muat be very good tusople," Abdul Medjid said, musingly ; "they •eep no ambassador here to worry me." ' Trnt drevjjsnxKodipgß at the Brisbane Police I ""Court are occasionally enlivened by passages-at* anna between rival BQIicHcJEpL. and to one who is not constantly in attendaticfer there the persistent I efforts of our worthy police-magistrate to edu cate witnesses up to the proper* standard of in* telligence are aomewhat diverting) but when the same precepts are enforced in the same meek, patient voice, and with the same kindly con sideration for the inexperience of the witness, day after day,, week.,after week, and year after year, the only feeling left is one of surprise; that., there Bhould be left one uninitiated witness who has the temerity to take the box. There do, hoW-' ever, occasionally appear msn so ungrateful as to: resent the instructions of the .presiding magis trate, and ani instance of this occurred at.the, Petty Debts Court last Tuesday. week. The police-magistrate (leaning back in'his'chair with ' an air of utter exhaustion): Well,'.well, I thinkl I never did Bee such a stupid set of > witnesses ss we have had before the court to- daj-*. Witness (respectfully): I hope, your Worship/you do not intend to apply that remark to me. His Worship: I oertainly must' Witness: Then I think you are,not justified in doing so. H. W.: I consider I am perfectly justified. Witness: I deny it. H. W.: Will you hold your tongue ? Witness : Yes, When lam asked in a respectful manner to do so. H. W.: Tou will have to, or I will have you put out ol the court! Here the constable steps behind the wit* ness ready to execute the dread mandate at a moment's notice; but the witness, not in the peast abashed, replies, "Tou may do so; but I 'will not be browbeaten, by you jn anyone else." Plaintiff, wbo has hitherto remained a silent spectator, here remarks sympathetically, " Tes, your Worship, thst is a specimen of what I had to put up with from this man." After this, the {examination of the witness is prooeeded with, land his Worship ultimately adopts the not un usual course of adjourning the oase until the following day. : The Nobthkbn Circuit.—Shall we venture to unfold some of the hidden mysteries of cirouit life, and lift the veil that shrouds the jovial doings of the Grand Court ? Lord Abinger in his autobiography gives us a glimpse of it when he says :—" On the Northern Circuit at certain periods there used to be a grand supper, at which all the members were assembled, and the JBxpenses of which were paid by fines and oon* gratulations that resulted in contributions to Which the principal leaden were subject These were introduoed in general in a oeremonious (■peech by one of the body, who bore the office Df Attorney-General of the Cirouit" On one (oobaaion when the late Chief Justice Tindal waa" Attorney-General, he presented the name of Mr. Scarlett for congratulation (that is, a fine) aa tbe inventor of a machine tbat had the effect of making the judge's head move in a *)lreciion tngular to the horiata, which signified a nod of ipprobation. But. there was anothtr leader,, of ■ the oii-ouit whom .Lord Abinger doss not ftam*Vi out says that he. " was a gentleman of more . potrahtr and of much higher rtfratatfon thin' myself"-—Meaning of ootfrse BtougG_fa-^w_0 a waa also presented, aa the. in venter df a rival "oacUnetoopertte^p ß on^hes4,nf tfojttdf-M out it had the effect of producing a motion > parallel to the horizon—that is, of signifying lisseet'- This "knot a bad ccmntfcrfcirt ttfllhe ' itory: we have already told of the Lhat-eebfaie ■ustic. On anotijerr.oocßMOß^ter SqffbttfceA,: eft the circuit, Pollod*., who was the leader, wai n-owned-with aii e*topt*/ punch bo-wl 'Wnici, .here waa hardly an^ littrit 4o ihe hat -tint no-tf* ' lense that ran riot at the Grand Court ' And' fy vaa treason to the eiteuit to' anas-Mi oneself ft6kn t If any t-deihber* had 'Hot -joined it ie the uui-ntownj their name* w^re'ealled' tWee time* -each time withsotoe ludicrous prfcflt, which vas supposed to hH off the foiMe or foibles of he man—and ■ stinging truths were • often' told' in the selection of the epithets. But Ub ekouso hutthat'of positive illness was allowed to pre-" tail, if the absent barrister was in the eiretrft" townt ' He wss sent for by'the officers ol the court, who were sWcrrtt tb do thtirduty on a bottle of port wine, and he waa fetohtfd soft-is volena into court. Onoe a friend of ottrfc had Quietly slipped away, to attend, we believe, a marriage on the following day; but he was1 pursued by Hildyard, late M. P. lor Whitehaven, and another—we think it was Cresswell—wbo were tbe messengers st the time, snd, being found at an inn in the neighborhood of York, he Was literally handcuffed; and brought in that state to tbe cirouit mess. All this wss borne -Jrith perfect good humor.— BlaeJettood. Some time back there waa intense eteitement in a street of Paris, where a constant dropping discbarge of firearms brought hundreds'of the inhabitants to discover what had happened. At daybreak a worthy citiuen, looking but of his window, espied au enormous crocodile m the middle of the street Supposing that sotne proprietor of a menagerie had permitted the terrible animal to escape, the prudent burg-tas took down hia fowling piece, and discharged it at the noxious intruder. He saw the crocodile make a slight movement, but it did not quit the place. At the noise the neighbors also raised their windows, and those who bad guns also opened fire on the crocodile; Tbe creature appeared to re ceive every shot with a certain shock, but not to be sufficiently penetrated or pained eithsr to fall or run.away. ■ The gendarmes, aroused by the firing, soon appeared on the scene of action. Beeing the creature from a distance, they loaded their carbines and advanced cautiously in skirmishing order. One of tbe heroic" gendarmes finally Walked up to the jawa of the crocodile, and ex claimed, "We have killed him already ; he doea not move!" In fact, the eroeodile was dead bad been for some time past. He was staffed ! : A ciKHoncait, s widower, onoe created a sen sation in his household, which consisted of seven ■ grown-up daughters. The reverend gentleman waa absent from home visiting in an adjoining county. The daughters received a letter from their father which stated that he had " married a widow witb six sprightly children," and that he might be expected home st a certain time-. The effect of that news was a great shock to tbe happy family. Tbe girls, noted for their meek ness and amiable temperaments, seemed another set of beings ; there were weeping and wailing aud tearing of hair, and all manner of naughty things said. Tbe ticl7 homo waa neglected, and When the day of arrival came the house wasafty* thing but inviting. At last the Bey. Mr. X. • came, but he was alone. He greeted his 'daughters ss usual, and, ss he viewed the 1 neglected apartments, there was a merry twinkle in his'eye. The daughters were nervous and evidently anxious, At last the eldest mustered courage and asked, " Where is our mother V* ' :"In hetiven," said the good man. "But where ia the widow with six children which ybu Wrote' you had marriedf "Why, I.married her.to' another man, my dean," he replied, delighted at ; the success of his joke. 