-NWPOSTTI ARRA'l B~~:G~E NGEET S. Arranogniients are completed wby hichrth' postal deliveries in the suburbs will commence one hour Sarlier iit the morning than liitiheto. The cbang&e; Iwill come into operation- on Monday next. For some years n~e Iqtztepariers in thle enburbs; nearest to. M ob~durne hsav-e been brosight.into the General Post-Oflice at about 7 aim , and after sort ing their lotters, &o.;, return to their -fepepctivo districts to effect the delivery. Under the new arrangeinents the correspoaidence for the mornmig deliveries iii the suburbs si. be drealtchled In mails from Melbourne and sorted at the locsll offices by the lrtter-carriere, wlio will go on duty ate the post-othices to which they are attached on orrivalof the first mail from Melboarnio, due about 7,a.m., and they will thus be able to start on their rounds an hour sooner than at present, witlhioii& having to commence their day's work any earlier ht nn hbfore To give etffct to this reform it was reqiuisite not only that the mailu from Molbourne to thosuburbs. should' be desputchled. in tho morning an hour'. earlier, but also that thoemorning mails from the.. suburbs, and as far as practichble the letters, &e.;, cleared from the recoiving-boxcs, should reach tIhe General Post-ollica in time to be forsvsrded by this earlier despatelh, otherwise the change in the time of dclirerf, from 9 n.m. to 8 an.m., would not be. attendod with all thoe idvasntsgcs which it was designed to onfcr. In addition to this, lhoocver,3 it has becd doecided to anford the public rcsidcnt in Molbourno and the suburbs tihe greatest possible facilities for the transmission of inland correspon-.: dence. Mails will thcroforo in future he sent fromn the subu bs ihl time for despntclnhby the early nors- -. ing trin ns to thl c rouintry districts. Inviese of is. tho following alterations will he ,ade: 'Tine reccivmig pillars and boses in East ansd West Melbourne, Carlton, Iotlanm, Collingsvood, and' Fitzroy will be cleared at times ranging from4a.m.. to 5 s.m., ndl the letlters &c.;, from tChoso places svill arrsive at tine General Post-oflice in time for the conntry mails closing at and after 5.30 a.m. At. thle follossing post-otlices mails for Stelboureo svill be despatched to arrisa as above, viz., Sasndridgc,. Emernld-hill, St. Kildni, Prahran, Toorab, Southl Yarra, and Richmond. At these places the clear ances of the receiving pillars and hoses wvill be made about 8dlocin on thle previous evening. 'It swould not be possible svitlsout great expense to clear'. the rreivero in Ilie above plalces iln tine snorning, so tlhst their contentscould reach the local offices in. time for despatch by thle erl-v misailo. Cut the accomnmodation to be oftlorlel is very greatly in odvss' e of that hinirscto 'proeided.' At Htaethorn ani Kllov mails uill be.made up 'nt8 p.sss to reach. Alolboutro ot 5.20 a.m. tine following mnorinmg. At niost oftlnesunburbs a long internlf elapsed.: during tIhe day in' tele desp-tch of mails, viz., from aboutt0 30 asu. until 3.30 p.m,n nd anotiser mail folloswed the 330 i, quick snccession. The 3.30 p.m. mail will be altered to 2 t.m,,s bringing letters into 2ntelbourne.intime for tCie 2 40 p m.. delivery,. anul also for many important lines of mnils made up. for dcsptclh by the afternoon trains Alterationshnure beets inade in the times of clear ancCe of tise receiving pillars, '&., in the suburbs to correspond usitln tIne 2 pm. deopatchl. In addition to tine Euburbs 'already innmed, Willinnistosn, Yarraville, and Footscray save been ineluded nmongst tine districts to benefit by ass earlier c.eivercy. Under the new arr-2ngimnents above indicated, ar letter posted at ony time during thle night at Ilo - receiving pillars in the c:t.y, the receiving boxes or. post-olices at Fitzroy, Collingwood, Carlton, and. lIotham, or at the post-offices Ft. Kilda, Toorak,. Prairan, South Yarra, Richmond, Emerald-hill, andlt' FSindridge, nddressed to Melbourno or any of theo-. ouburbs, will be do'irercd by lutter-carriera at the early morning delivery1 and letters for the country districts will be included ini the mails despatchedi romn Melbourno by tlio earlymorning trains. Bisop OnConncll to ins n Cgatholiotfh alicording Ihaspnnounced to his congreaCitions tft acclrdingr to instructions rocoired from Rom', no Roman Catholic con participa'o in "round dancis." Tho " Suburhan News " tolls of a young man in Jamiaica Ploin who wokeo 0, the other night and snw a ghost in his roomn Seiinog his sir shooter, he approached it aaawl fourid it was his collar which was standing on t foe t noor. An Irishmnn, fresh from thor. old countr," saw a turtlo for tho.first time, qnd at once made up hlin aniaial to.capture it. The turtle caught him bh thie hiuger, nidalhe, holding it out at arm'o-lengtlh, eida - " Faitl, aid ye land better lot.loose tho loaait ye have, or I'll kick ye out of the srcy box ye sit in, h jihbors." . anhe bodiae of three men were found hanging to a tIa recently is itlRed River caunty, Tea., with a placard pinned to oane of them bearing all the infoa'; aaaataon thatn is lanossn of them.. It ,read: " Hero is ahac ro sa founal tiaam, aid acre is where on left atlam. They atolo horses in Arkansas, ind sane are friom tlure and slrongers lire!" Tioe hlnsvicst manni at the WaaLer'oura clanmhahue aacigled 399 iaouanals--afei' lii feast. His niaml aveighlt is 375 poaiads, anud lais feiends aantateal him to cot just one mora poulld of calams, nand pull tIe bonm at oren i00; bat lie said tIa woo not going to. aisahoma life iiuarance company of himself, and buhh. W lay," usked Spilkiaasof a comsspaoaion down ot Conny Island the other day, " shlay is list young lady ahlio is picking up shells over there like Gold smith's hleroine P"' ThaI comaipaioi turned pale and ran for his life. " Because," cootinuad Spailkins aot noticin; ilisa bsnice, "bocniso shae stoops to Conl la." Taco nidowars were once condoling togethor on, their rceant bereaveao at of their seives, when one a them ordcaimo:l avths a sigh, " Woll may I bewail may losofor I lad so facw dilfernncea s itah the dear decnascd that thae lust ahoy of ny maarringo sans on happy as the first."' " Thern I sarpans you," said a mis fricaid, " fir the Inst day of muim wsa hlip pier." 