R3ASLEGD, OF DARL* By WILLIAM BLACK, Au'rnon of. 'The Pbinces3 ob- Thule,' &c.; . Chapter XL VI. —Tjie End. 'Duncan,' said Hamish, in a low whisper— for Macleod bad gono below., aud they thought ho mi^ht be asleep in tlio small, hushed state-room, ' this is a strange-looking day, ia it not? And I am afraid of it in this open bay, with an anchorago.no better than a sheet of paper for an anchorage. Do you see now how strange-looking it is?' Duncan Cameron also spoko in his native tongue ; and ho said— ' That is true, Hamisb. And it was a day liko this thero was when tho Solan was sunk at her moorings in Loch Hourn. Do you re member, Hamish? And it would bo bettor for us now i£ we wero in Loch Tua, or Loch na Keal, or in tho dock that was built for tho steamer at Tiree. I do- not liko the look of this day.' Yet to an ordinary observer it would have seemed that tho chief characteristic of this pale, still day waa extreme and settled calm. There was not a breath of wind to ruffle tho surface of the sea ; but there was a slight, glassy swell ; and that only served to show curious opalescent tints under the snffnsed light of the sun. There wero no clouds j there was only a thin veil of faint and sultry mist all across the sky ; the sun was invisible, but thero was a glare of yellow at one point of the heavens. A dead, calm; but heavy, oppressed, sultry. Thero was something in the a,tmosphcre that scorned to weigh on the- chest. ?:.;... ' Thero was a dream I had this morning,' con tinued Hamisb, in tho same low tones. ' It waa about my littlo granddaughter Christina. You know my little Christina, Duncan. And she said to me : ' What have you done with Sir Keith Mac leod? He was undor your caro, grandfather.' I did not liko that dream.' ' Oh, you are becoming aa bad as Sir Keith Macleod himself !' said. tho other. ' Ho does not sleep. Ho taiks to himself. You will become like that if you pay attention to foolish dreams, Hamish.' Hamiah's quick temper leapt up, ' What do you mean, Duncan Cameron, by say ing ' as bad as Sir Keith Macleod '? You— you corao from Eoss : perhaps they have not good masters there. I tell you thero is not any man in Soss, or in Sutherland either, is as good a master, and as bravo a lad, a3 Sir Keith Macleod — not any one, Duucan Cameron !' 'I did not mean anything liko that, Hamish,' said tho other humbly. ' But there was a breeze this morning. We could have got ovcrto Loch Tua. Why did wo stay here, where there is no shelter, and no anchorage? Do you know what ia likely to come after a day like this !' 'It is your business to be a sailor on board tbis yacht ; it is not your business to say where she will go,' said Hamish. ; But all tho samo the old man was becoming more and moro alarmod at tho ugly aspect of this dead calm. Tho very birds, instead of stalking . among the still pools, or-lying buoyant on tho smooth waters, were excitedly callinp, and whirr- ] ing from ono point to another. ' If tho equinoctials were to begin now,' said Duncan Cameron, ' this is a Cne place to meet tho equinoctials ! An open bay, without shelter,; and aground thatiano ground for an anchorage. It is not two anchors or twenty anchors would huld in such aground.' Macleod appeared ; the men were suddenly si lent. Without a word to either of them— and that waa not his wont — he passed to tho stern of the yacht. Hamish knew from his manner that ho would not bespoken to. He did net follow him, oven with all this vague droud on his mind. ? Tho day woro on to' the afternoon. Macleod, who had beon paciug lip and down tho dcok, sud denly called Hamisb. ? Hamish camo aft atj once. ' ?' ? ' ' Hamish,' said he, with a strange sort of laugh, y' do you remember this morning, beforo tho light came ? ? Do you, remembor that I asked you about a brass band that I heard playing ?' Hamish looked at him j and said with an ear nest anxiety — ... 'Ob, Sir Keith, yon will pay no heed to that ! It ia very common. Iibavo heard them say it is; vory common. Why, to ..hear a brass band, to bo sure ! There is nothing more common than that. . And you will not think you aro unwell merely be cause you think you can hear a brass band play ing !' 'I want you to tell me, Hamisb,' said ho, in tho samo jesting way, ' ' wholher my eyes havo followed the example of my earn, and aro playing tricks. Do you think they are bloodshot, with ny lying on deck in tho cold ? Hamish, what do you see all around?' ' ? . Tho old, man looljed at the sky, and the shoro, and the sea. It was a marvellous tbing. The world waa all enshrouded in a salmon- colored, mist: thero was no line of horizon visible between the sea and the sky. , 'It is rod, Sir Keith,' said Hamisb; 'Ah! Aral in my senses this time ? And ' what do you think of a ' red day, Hamish ?? That is not a usual thing.'-' j : ? .- 'Oh, Sir Keith, if will boa; wild night this, night 1 And wo cannot stay.%ero, with this bad anchorage !' 'And where would yon'go, Haniish-^in a dead calm?' Macleod asked, still with a smile on tho wan face/ ? '.Where would I go ?' said the old man,' ex- citedly. 'I— I will take care of tho yacht. But you, Sir Keith ; oh ! you— you will go ashore now. Do you know, sir, tho sheiling that the shepherd had? It. is a poor place; oh yes; but Duncan Cameron and I will take some things ashore. And do you not think wo can look after the yacht ? Sho has met the equinoctials beforo, if it is tho equinoctials that aro beginning. Sho has met them before ; and cannot tho meet them now? But you, Sir Keith, you will go ashore 1' Macleod burst out laughing, in an odd sort of fashion. 'Do you think lam good at running away when thero is any kind of danger, EamiBU ? Have you got into tho English way ? Would you call mo a coward, too? Nonsense, nonsense, non sense, Hamish !— I — why, I am going to drink a glass of the coal black wine, and havo dono with it. I will drink it to tho health of my sweet heart, Hamish !' 'Sir Keith,' said tho old man, beginning to tremble, though bo but half understood tho meaning of the Bcornful mirth, 'I havo had charge of you sinco you were a young lad.' 'Very well !' 'And lady Macleod will ask of mo, 'Such and such a tbing happened : what did you do for my son ?' Then I will say, ' Your ladyship, we woro afraid of tho equinoctials ; and we got Sir Keith to go ashore; and the next day wo went ashoro for him ; and now we have brought him back to Castle Daro !'' 'Hamish, Hamish, you are laughing at me !0r you want to call mo a coward? Don't you know I should bo afraid of tho ghost of tho shep herd who killed himself ? Don't you know that the English people call mo a coward?' ' May their souls dwell in tho downmost ball of perdition !' said Hamish, with his chocks bo coming a grey-white j 'and every woman that ever camo of the accursed race!' He looked at the old man for a second ; and he gripped his hand. 'Do not say .that, Hamish— that is folly. But you have been my friend. My mother will not forget you— it is not tho way of a Macleod to for get— whatever happens tome.' ' Sir Keith F Hamiah cried, ' I do not know what you mean, But you will po ashoro beforo tho night I' 'Go ashore?' Macleod answered, with a re turn to this -wild, bantering tone, 'when I am going to bco my Bweethcart? Ob, nol Tell Christina, now ! Toll Christina to ask tho young English lady to couio iulo tho saloon, for I havo something to sayto her. Be quick Ilamish !' Hamish went away ; and boforo long ho re turned with tho answer. that tho young English lady waa in the saloon. And now ho was no long 3r haggard and piteous ; but joyful; ami thero was a strange light in his eyes. 'Sweethoart,' said he, 'aro yon wailing for mo at last? I havo brought you a long way.' Shall wo drink a glass now at tho end of the Yoy. , ige?' 'Do you wish to' insult mo?' said she; but thoro was no auger in her voice : thero was more ? of fear iu her eyes, as sho regarded him. ; 'You havo no other message for mothan the ono you gavo me last night, Qerty ?' said he, al- ; most cheerfully. ' It is all oyer then ? You ' would go away from me for ever ? But wo will ; drink a glass before wo go !' ♦ ' Ho sprang forward, and caught both her hands in his with tho grip of a vice. 'Do you know u hat you have done, Gorly?' said ho, iua low voico. 'Ob, you have soft, smooth, English ways ; and you are liko a rose leaf ; and you are. liko a queen, whom all pooplo aro glad to serve. But do you know that you havo killed a man's life? And thero is no penalty for that in the south, perhaps; bnt youaro no longer in the south. And if you havo this very night to drink a glass with mo, you will not re- ' fuse it? It is only a glass of tho coal-black wine?' ' She struggled back from him ; for thoro was' a look in his faco that frightened her. But sho had a wonderful splf-command. , ? 'Ia that tho message I was to hear?' said she, coldly..- ? ,-_;.«, , , ; ! 'Why, sweetheart, aro you not glad? Is not ' that tho- only gladness left for you and for me, ' that wo' should drink ono glass .together, and clasp hands, aud say good-bye ? What clso ia thero left ? What clso could come to you and to mo? And it may not be this night, or tomor row night ; but ono night I think it will como ; and then, sweothcart, wo will have ono moro glass together, before the end,' Ho went on deck. Ho called Hamiab. 'Hansisb,' said he, in a grave, matter-of-fact way, ' I don't like the look of this ovoning. Did y.ou saj tho sheiling was still on tho island ?' ' Ob, yes, Sir Keith,' said Hamisb/with great joy, for ho thought his advice was going to bo taken after all. ' Well, now, you know the gales, when thoy begin, somotime3 Ia3t for two, or tbreo, or four days; and I will ask you to sco that Christina takes a good store of things to tho aheiling, beforo the darkness comes od. Tako plenty of things now, Hamisb, and put them in tho shelling, for I am afraid this is going to be a wild night.' Now indeed, all tho red light ladgoneaway ; and as tlie sun went down, there was nothing but, a spoctral whiteness over tho sea and the sky. And tho atmor.phero waa so close and sultry that it seemed to suffocate one. Moreover, thoro waa a dead calm; if they had wanted to.get away from this exposed place, how could they ? They could not get into tho gig and pull this great yacht over to Loch Tua. It was with a light-heart that Hamish set about this. tiling ; and Christina forthwith filled a ham per with tinned meals, and bread, and whisky, and what not. And fuel was taken ashoro, too ; and candles, and a store of matches. If tho gales woro coming on, as appeared likely from this ominons-lboking evening, who could tell how many days aud nighta the youc» master— and the English lady, too, if ho desired her company' —might not havo to Btay ashoro, whilo tho men took the chance of tho sea with this jacbt, or per haps seized tho occasion of somo lu/1 to mako for someplace of shelter ? Thero was Loch- Tua, and ' tbere' waa the bay a'tBuneBsan,aud there waa tho littlo channel called Polterriv, behind tbo rocks opposite Ions. Any shelter at all was bettor than this exposed place, with tho treacherous anchor age.- ' ' 7 .' ' .' ? ' '?...' ?'/-, , ' Hamish and Duncan Cameron rolurned to tho i yacht. ' ? '? ; 'Willyougo ashore nowj Sir Keith?' the old man said. 'Oh, no; I am not going aahoro 'yet. It ia - not yet timo to run away, Hamish.' Ho spoke in a friendly and pleasant fashion, though Haniiuh, in his increasing alarm, thought it no proper timo for jesting, 'i'hoy hauled tho gig up to tho davits, however, and again tho yacht lay in dead silonco in this littlo bay. Tho evening grow to dusk; the only cliango visible in thia spectral world of pale yellow- whito ruiat was tho appearance in tho sky of a number of small, detached bullou£-looking clouds of adus-' ky blue-grey. Thoy hadnot drifted hither, forthoro waa no wind. They had only appeared, They woro absolutely motionless. But the heat and the suffocation in this atmos- . phero became almost insupportable. Tho m-in, with bare hoadp, and jerseya unbuttoned at tho neck, wero continually going to tho cask of fresh water btaido tho windlas?. Nor waa thero any change when tho night camo on. If anything, tho night waa hotter than tho ovoning had been. Thoy awaited in silence what might como of this ominous calm. . ? ' Hamish camo aft. 'I beg your pardon, Sir Keith,' said ho ' but I am thinking wo will havo an anchor-watch to night.' 'You will have no anjbor-watch to-night,' Macleod answered, slowly from out of tho dark neas. 'I will bo all the anchor-watch you will need, Hamish, until tho morning.' ' You, Bir !' Hamish cried. 'I have been waiting to tako you ashore 1 and surely it is ashore that you aro going 1' Just aa ho had spokon there wai a sound that all i ho world seemed to stand still to hear. It was a low, murmuring sound of thunder j but it waa soremotoas almost to be inaudible. Tho next moment an awful thing occurred. The two men standing face to faco in tho dark euddonly found themselves iua blazo of blinding stcol blue light ; and at tho very same instant tho thunder roar crackled and shook all around them like tho firing of a thousand cannon. How the wild echoes went booming over the sea I Then thoy wero in the black night again. Thoro was a pe riod of awed silence. ' Hamiah,' Macleod said, quickly, ' do as I toll you nojv ! Lower tho gig ; take tho men with you, and Christina : and go aBboro and vo main in the shoiling till the morning,' — — ™— »nm»»mm- ? , i irrm»«TT«-iim i»»»nii morose ' I will not !' Hamish cried. ' Oh, Sir Xoitbf would you havo rao do that !' Macleod had anticipated bis refusal. Instantly he went forward and called up Christina. 'Ha ordered Duncan Cameron and John C£mcrbn'ita lower away tho gijj. Ho got them all i i but So. mish. , ov-%w , ' Hamish,' said he, ' you aro a .'amr-Ilcr 'Wan than I. Ia it on such a night that you wotfJa. have rao quarrel with you ? Must I throw yt-« into the boat?' ??-???-.. -?.; .,- . Tho old man claspcdjiis trembling hands logo, thev aa if in prayor ; aud ho said, with an agoniaed and broken voico— '? ' Oh, Sir Kuitli, you are .my master, and there' is nothing I will not do for you ; but only this ono, night you will let mo remain with tho yacht; ^ I will.givoyou tho rest of my Ufo; but buly Hbj« one night ? ' . '''* ? 'Iuto tho gig with you!' Macleod crie'cV aDgrily. 'Why, raao, don't you think I caa kcop nuchor- watch?' But then ho added, .Very' gently, 'Hamiah, shako -hands with mo iiow.'.' You were my friond, a'nd'you must get ashoro be»f fore tbo sea rises. 7 '..''. 1 ) ' 1 will stay in tho dingey, then ;'. the old man entreated. ? '??,', ' You will go ashoro, Hamiah ; and thia very instant, too. If the galo begins, how will you got ashore. Good-bye, Rfxnxish—fjoodnirjlu.' Anothor whito sheet of flame quivorod all around them, juat aa tlii3 black figuro ivas ,do« scen&ng; into tbo gig ; and then tho fierco heltal sounds broko looso onco more. Sea and sky, to«: gether seemed to shudder at tho wild uproar } and far away tho sounds went thundering through tho hollow night. How could quo .'he'a* if thero was any aobbiug in that dopartingboa(— - or any last cry of farewell? It waa UJva. calling now : and Fladda answering from over the black water; aud tho Dutchman ia surely awaka at last I Thoro camo a stirring of wiud— from tho .oaieV and tho sea began to moau. Suroly tbo poor fugitives must have reached tho shoro now,' And then tlioro was a strango noiso in tho dis« tanco ; in tho awful silence betweon tho peals oi thunder it would bo heard ; it camo nearer an J nearer— a low murmuring noise, but full of a eo« cret lifo and thrill— it came along liko tho tioatf of a thousand armios— and then tho galo alrtfck ils first blow. Tho yacht reeled undor tho stroke, but hor bows staggored up again liko a dog that has been foiled, and after ono or two convulsive ?plunges, sho clung hard at tho strained .cables.1 And now-thogalo.wa3j.rjwiiiginfury, andthofloa rising. Blinding skoweM of rain swept over, biac sing and roaring; tho whito tongues of flam- wero shooting.this way and that way acroaa ih- startled heavens ; and thoro wa3 a moro awfu( thundor tliau even tho filling. of the AUanti- eurgo booming into the great sea caves. I* tho abjmnal darkness the Bpectral armg;oJ, tho ocean roso whilo in their angry clamor ; and then another bluo gleam would lay baro £bt great heaving and wreathing bosom of tbo deop/ What devil's dance is this? Surely ib cannot bn Ulva— Ulva tho green-ahored— Olva that th« sailors in their love of hor call acCtly Ool-a-va-~ - that ia laughing aloud with wild laughter on tbi» awful night? Aud Colonsay and Lung.i, and Fladda— thoy wero boautiful and quiet ia' the still summer-timo; but now they havo gono mad ; and they aro flinging- back tho plunging sea in white masses of foam ; and they aro fibrickinfl in their fierco joy of tho strife. And Slaffti— Staffaisfar away and alone ; sho is trembling J to her core; how long will tho shuddering casei withstand tho mighty hammer of tho Atl«VQti( Eur^o? And then again Lho sudden wilJ gleart . elartles tho night— and ono sees, with an appal ling vividness, the driven whito waves and thi black islands — aud then again a thousand oohoej go booming along the iron- bound coast, WLat ca^ be heard in tho roar of tho hurricane, anil iltf hissing of raiD.and the thundering whirl of \hi waves on tho rocks : surely not tho ono gla-i last cry: Sweetheart ! your health' your health !jh tho coal-black wino ! ? Tho poor fugitives crouching in aniong Ui« rocks: is it tho blinding rain or tho driven whit* surf that is in their oyea ? But they have cailpra' ; eyes : they can sco through the awful Btono ; and, their gazo ia fixed on ono small groen point iai out there in tho blackness— tho Btarboard ligb.1 of the doomed ship. It wavers liko a vuil-o'-thf wisp; but it does not' recede ; tho old Umpir* still clings bravely to her chain cables. And amid all the din of the storm they iioaT-tb.4 voico of Hamish lifted aloud in lamentation; ' 'Ob, tho bravo lad! The brave lad'! 'And who ia to save my young master now ; and wlic will carry thia talo back to Ca3llo Dare ? The} will say to mo : ' Hamisb, you had chargo cf ihtf young lad : you put tho first gun in Li« Land i you had chargo of him ; Lo had tho lovo of a eon for you : what is it yon havo dono with him 'this night?' Ho is rny Absalom: ho is roy briiva young laJ : oh, do you think that I will let 'Lira drown and do nothing to try to save him? fit you think that? Duncan Camoron : aro yon a man ? Will you get into the gig with uib and pull out to tho Umpire ? ' , , 'By God,' said Duncan Cameron, solemnly; 'I will do that. I havo no wifo ; I do not caro» 1 will go into tho gig with you, Hamisb ; bnt .we will never reach tho yacht— this night or &ny; night that ia to come.' ' ' Then tho old woman Christina shrieked alotld i ' Hamish ! Hamish ! Aro you going to drown yourself boforo my eyes?' He abook her band away from him. '.My young master ordered mo r.ahcro;'!] havo como ashore. But I myself I order ruyseU back again : Duncan Cameron, they will novor say that wo stood by and saw Macleod of Pare go down to his gravo !' i Thoy emerged from tho shelter of this great rock— tho hurricane was so fierce that tboy 'had to cling to ono boulder after another to e&vo; themsolves from being whirled into tho 'acn,' But wero these two men by themselves ? Not likely ! It was a party of fivo men that now clambored along tho slippery rocks to tho shinglo up which they had hauled tho gig ; and ono wild lightning-flash saw them with their hands ca the gunwalo, ready to drag hor down to the water. Thoro was a surf raging thoro ti)at-w-ml-3 have swamped twenty gigs : these five ocaco wero going of their own free will and choico to certain death— so much had the; loved iha young mastor, ! But a piercing cry from Christina arrested thorn. They looked .out to sea. What was this pudden and awful thing?— instead oE the atari board groon light, behold ! the port red light— and that moving ! Oh, see ! how it recedoH, ' wavoriug — dickering through the whirling vapor of tho storm ! And thore again is tho green light ! Is it a witch's dance ; or are they strange death-fires hovering over the dark ocean grave? But Hamish knows too well what it means; and with a wild cry of horror and despair the old man sinks on his knees, and clasps hia hands, and stretches them out to the terrible uea. . . ? . '.Ou, Maolaod, Macleod, are you going away from me Eor ever ; and we will go up the bills together and on tho lochs together no more— no more— no more ! Oh, the bravo lad that ho was !— and the good master !-aud who was not proud oE him ?— my handsome lad .!. and he the last of the Macleods of. Pare !' ? Arise, Hamish, and have tho gig haulod up into aholter ; for will you not want it when tho gale abates, and tho neas aro smooth, and you havo to go away to Dare, you and your comrades, with silent tongues and sombre eyes V Why this . wild lamentation in the darkness o£ itho night? The utr'cion heart that you loved 'so woli has found p^aco at last; the coal-black wine has been drunk ; there ia an end. And you, you poor, cowering Eugiti7es, who only seo each olhor's tor riuod Lsc33 when the. wan gleam o£ the lightning blazes through the sky, perhaps it is well that you shouid weep and wail for tbe young master ; but ttut ia aoon over ; and the day will break. £.nd tlm is what I, am thinking oE now : when ljhe liglit comes, and tho seas aro smootb, thon 'which oC you— oh, which of you all will toll thia tale lo tlu two womon at Castle Dare? So fair shino3 the morning sun on tho wbite Bands of lona ! Tha throe- days' galo is over ; bo hold ! how Ulva— Ulva the green-shored— the 061 'a-va that the sailors love— is laughing out again, to the clear 3kies. And the great skarts on tho Bhoroa ,of Brisgcir aro spreading abroad thoir dusky wings to get them dried in the sun ; and tho deals are basking on the rocks in Loch- na-Koil ; an 1 in Loch Scridain the white gulls sit buoyant on tho blue aeo. There go the Gomotra men in thoir Jjrown-Bailed boat to look after the lobster-traps at Staffa ; and very soon you will see the steamor ^ome round the far Cailleach Point ; over at Er taidh they are signalling to the men at Dubhar tech ; and they are glai to havo a messago from Jhem after the heavy gale. Tuo now, bright day has begun ; the world has awakenod again lo the joyous sunlight; there is a chattering of the sea« f-irda all along the shores. It is a bright, eager, glad day for all the world. But there is ailence in Oaatlo Dare. i Fisis. 