NEWS OF THE DAY. The Cabinet was occupied during a large portion of its sittings yesterday with the consideration of the financial requirements ot the various departments for the next twelve months, in anticipation of the loan which is about to be floated. The accountants of the Public Works, the Railways and the Educa- tion departments were present, and furnishett data as to the amounts of the loan whiob should be appropriated for various public works, railway works and the erection of Bchools. The largest sum will be required by the Railway department for the com pletion of several important works. the Mining department has also several im portant waterworks schemes in hand, which will require a considerable sum. The ques tion as to the distribution of the money amongst the various works was fully con sidered, and arrangements decided upon as to the placing of debentures. Executive and Cabinet Councils was held yesterdav at the Treasury. A considerable quantity" of formal business was disposed of at the Executive Council, and' the Cabinet was occupied several hours with various , matters of public interest. Nothing was decided with reference to the appointment of representatives of the Assembly to attend the proposed conference between the two chambers of the legislature. Indeed, nothing decisive can be done until the meeting of Parliament this afternoon, as each House oan claim the right of settling the question for itself. It is probable, however, that the representatives of the Legislative Assembly will be: Mr. Berry, the Attorney-General, and Professor Pearson, as has already been intimated in '1 he Age. The assent of his Excellency the Governor to an aot to authorise the . conversion of Victorian Government Btook into debentures is notified in a supplement to the Government Gazette. i The first business of importance which will occupy both HouseB of Parliament on their meeting this afternoon will be the ques- ticb a3 to the conference which is to take pinto upon the Government Reform Bill. The Chief Seoretary will make a statement and submit a motion- on tho subjeot in the Legislative Assembly, and the same cotirse will be purBued by Sir Charles Sladen in the LegielativeGouncil. Should an understanding bo arrived at, the conference will probably take placo on Wednesday. The education debate is to bo resumed in the Assembly, and it is expected that a great deal of light will bo thrown upon the subjectof the reduc tions of teachers' salaries by the information which tho Minister of Education has pro mised to supply. It is understood that Mr. Bont intends to bring forward a motion in reference to the continuance of the subsidies to local bodies, and this may occupy much time. The education vote and Sir John O'Shan assy's hill for the Amend ment of the Eduontion Act arc sniucient of themselves for two sittings, but should a longtby debate on the endowment of mu nicipalities intervene, the subject mny pos- Bibly not be disposed of until the end of the week. Mr. i.ongmoro has several important measures which the Government hope to deal with this week if the state of business will permit. These are The Bill for the Suppression of tho Rabbit Nuisance, the Land Aot Amendment Bill, and the Forests Management Bill. Altogether the week promises to bo a busy one iu Parlia ment. The Minister of Public Instruction, has been actively engaged in obtaining the infor mation asked for in the Legislative Assembly on Thursday night respecting the snlaries of teachers under the old education system as well as under the existing Education Act. Tho result of his investigations the Minister considers very satisfactory. Ho baa suc ceeded in amasBing a large amount of evi- donee relating to the whole question, and ho anticipates that its effect .upon the opinion of the House in reference to tho reduction of toaoliera' salaries will he serious. Ho will explain the matter fully on_ the resumption of the debate, giving a oora" parison of the positions of the teachers now ' with those which thoy occupied under the old system, besides showing how they are situated as compared with othormen holding appointments iu and out of tho public Berviee' requiring equal social Btatus and not inferior attainments. The Minister intends to mako a vigdrous effort to justify tho measure of economy which tho Government have thought it necessary to adopt, and he is understood to hold a sanguine opinion that his case is a strong one. It is understood that the agitation on the part of the local bodies for th indiscriminate continuance of the annual subsidies has not yot been relinquished. Members of Parlia- ment are being addressed by letter and cir cular on the subject, and efforts are being made to enlist the sympathies of as many members of the Assembly as possible on behalf of the movement. Mr. Bent, the member for Brighton, has beeu deputed to bring the matter forward in the Legislative Assembly, and it is proposed that that hon. gentleman shull move a resolution this evening affirming that in tba opinion of Parliament a bill ought to be at once paBsed making provision for the payment of the auiinal endowments for another five years. The local bodies ore said to'havo determined that if possible, no question Bs to redistribu tion shall bo entertained until the bill which they ask for has beeu passed. A caucus meeting' of members of the Legislative Council was held at Parliament House yesterday, for the purpose of dis cussing tho attitude to be assumed by that chamber in reference to the Government Re form Bill. There were seventeen members present, and the proceedings, svhioh were oonducted with closed doors, occupied up wards of two hours. Considerable discos- aion took place respecting the appointment of gentlemen to repreaent tho Council at the proposed conference, . and it was ulti mately/agreed that Sir Charles Sladen and Mr. Anderson ought to be appointed. No decision was arrived at, however, as to who the third 'representative should be. Dr. Henrn was proposed by some members of the counoil, but as he is understood to be a most unoumpromising opponent of reform, and especially of auy reform introduced by the presout Government, his nomination was strenuously opposed by a iarge number of the gentlemen present. The meeting ap. peared on tho wliolo to ahow a . de termination to act in a spirit of conciliation, but an opinion, real or affected, seemed to prevail that it would not be safe for the Couucil to oominit itself iu auy way until the intentions of the Government were more thoroughly understood. An impres sion seemed to exist amongst members of the Couucil that it would be advisable to havo a complete understanding with the Government and the Assembly before the chamber was committed to any serious step iu tho important negotiations which arc about to tako place. No positive decision was therefore arrived at. The meeting was of some utility, however, as indicating tho spirit iu which fnembers of the Couucil were preparod to deal with the question, and from all appearances it may bo ooncluded that a cordial effort is to be made to meet tho Assembly, and, if possible, to arrive at some definite arrangement. One great danger with reference to the conferenoe seems to be that in consequonoo of a slight feeling of distrust both parties may be some what disinclined at the outset to mako over tures so freely as might be desired. The arrangements which the Postmaster- General has been engaged for some time in preparing, in order to secure the better despatch of business in the Post Office, have at length been brought to maturity. The double staff system csme into operation yes terday, snd the officers in charge re port upon it in most favorable terms. The object of the double staff is to do away with the mode of working under which so much expense has been inaarred hitherto in payment for overtime, to curtail tho hours during whioh the men are on duty, and to enable those who are properly entitled to promution, such as intelligent letter- carriers of long service, to obtain their rights. The experienced lettercarriers can now be come sorters in the mail , room, thus attain ing 'to an improved position, whioh Mr. Patterson has been the first to propose should be thrown open to them, ln making the chauges which he has carried' out during the last fortnight Mr. Patterson has insisted upon giving precedence to the oldest and most intelligent letter; carriers, and fifteen of them had been trans ferred to the sorting' department. In giving liis instructions for the new arrangements, the Postmaster-General insisted most emphatic ally that whilst the staff was doubled the ex pense of working the department must not be increased- The overtime system has been done away with, so that it is hoped that there will be fewer men knooked np by sick ness than has been habitually the case here tofore, and consequently much leas unprofit- . able expenditure in that direction. One im portant feature of the hew system is that whenever any increase is to be made in the staff, the appointments must be made in the bottom of the class, the new comer having to Work hie way up by his own industry and intelligence. The changes effected are likely to have the most important results. The officers reported yesterday that for the Unit tlmein tho history of the department the letters had been sent out to the publio punctually. Hitherto it has never been possible to get the correspon dence sorted in time for tho first mails, and a great many letters havo been delivered every day in the afternoon which should have been sent out early in the morn ing. A thorough reformation is being effected throughout the whole of the Telegraph department. A number of boys who were employed to carry messages In the town were confined in an apartment which was. found to be utterly inadequa.e for tbeir accommodation, and they hav© beeu placed' iu more Bpacious quarters. During their spare time these boys are to be instructed iu the art of telegraphy, and a library is to be provided for them with desks and writing materials, so that they can profit by the opportunity afforded of obtaining a little eduoation during their leisure. The pay of these youths has also been slightly increased. In other _ spheres, females have been employed in various light occupations, the men being _ drafted off to the more laborious descriptions of work. Itisexpeoted that.by next Monday morning tho whole system will be in proper working order, and that the postal business of the metropolis will be oonduoted with the regularity and despatch which should charac terise so important a service. The Commissioner of Publio Works has caused a circular to bo forwarded to the Government auditors directing them not to pass any oontract accounts in connection with municipalities when the vouohers for such work are not certified to by a certifi cated engineer qualified under the Munioipal Corporation Statute. A deputation from the mallee scrub dis trict, consisting of Messre. Finlay, Atten- borough and . Wilmot, yesterday bad an interview with Mr. Longmore in reference to the proposed tax to defray the expense of suppressing the rabbit nuisance. The deputation was introduced by Mr. Lyell, M.L.A. They oomplained that the bill at present before Parliament would operate unfairly and injurlonsly as regarded the pastoral interest. They considered the tax of 2d. per . acre which it was pro posed to enable the shire councils to levy too much. The land in the district where the rabbits wore most numerous was very poor, aud would not boar any Buch im post. The deputation asked that the Government should render homo substantial assistance towards the extermination of tho pest, and not call upon the pastoral tenants to contribute more than they deemed a reasonable proportion of the expendi ture. Mr. Lyell urged the _ Minis ter to reconsider the provision in the bill relating to tho finding of tho money to meet tho cost of clearing off tho_ rabbits, remarking that as the bill stood it would cause too heavy a burden to be thrown upon one class. Should the bill not be altered a vigorous opposition to ifc must be expected iu Parliament. Mr. Longmore would not pro mise to make any alteration whatever in the bill. Twopence would be the limit ' of the tax to . be imposed. The pastoral tenants might object to it, but if energetic stops were not taken under some such bill as the one at present before Parliament to get rid of the rabbits they would soon render it impossible for the pastoral tenants io remain on their land. Tho pastoral tenants in South Australia had refused to pass a similar measure until re cently, because they objeoted to the idea of taxing themselves ; but the rabbit nuisance had now beoome so serious that they, were willingly passing the bilL They found that it was better to pay the tax than give up their, land. The gas question will be farther con sidered by. the select committee of tho Legislative Assembly at oloven o'olook to day, when it is intended to take farther evidence on the subject. \- In accordance with a deoision previously arrived at, tho Parliamentary Gas Com mittee yesterday took stops 'to arrange for a test of some of the meters in the district of Kew, tho inaccuracies of which were recently brought under their notice. Six of tho meters attached to lamp posts in that municipality were detached and removed to the office of Mr. Greene, tho meter tester, at the Town Hull, for the purpose of being examined by that gentleman. When the testing was about to ba commenced there were present Messrs. Carter and Bent, M.L.A.'s, representing tho gas committee ; Mr. R. S. Inglis, the muni cipal cas conference ; Mr. Scott, seoretary, and Mr. Vasey, offioe manager' of the Mc- tropohtan Gus Company ; Mr. A. Ellis, the company's accountant ; Mr. Dempster, tho agent for the meters about to be tested, and the representatives of tho press, while Mr. Greene was in attendance to test the meters in their presence and in that of tho gas committee's expert, Mr. Keen, The right of Messrs. DempBtor, Ellis and the representatives of tho presB to be present was at once Challenged by Mr. Carter, and Mr. Dempster intimated that he had ob tained permission from Mr. Fitzgibbon, the seoretary of tlio gas conference. A dispute was carried oh for some time, and ultimately Messrs. Dempster and Ellis, and the representatives of the press were' re quired to withdraw, although Mr. Bent ex pressed no wish to exclude them. The testing of the meters was then carried out with the strictest privaoy, steps being taken to pre vent any but the little coterie . pre sent seeing what was' done, while at its conclusion ail those who had witnessed the operations stated that they had been bound not to divnlge anything that had taken place. Mr. Greene's report will be presented to tho gas committee at their meeting which takes place this morning, when some explanation may perhaps bs given of this attempt to stifle pnblio inqniry, by making in private investigations which could not be conducted in too publio a manner. The escape from Hamilton gaol on the 10th inst. of Kenneth M 'Donald, a pri soner under committal for trial for sheep- stealing, has at length been brought under tho formal notice of the Government, and the Chiof Seoretary has directed that a reward of £100 shall be paid for his apprehension. It is supposed that M'Donald has made for tho South Australian boundary. Between eleven o'clock on Saturday even ing and Sunday morning, the premises of Mr. S. Benjamin, pawnbroker, 8-i Swanston- streot, were burglariously entered, and jewellery and other property stolen to the value of about £100. No one was sleeping on the premises, and the thieves effected an entrance by breaking open the back door. The forty-fourth half- yearly meeting of tho shareholders of the Colonial Bank of Australasia was hold at the banking house, Elizabeth-street, yesterday morning ; Mr. W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., in tho chair. The directors' report stated that the net profits amounted to £23,103 12s. 10d., or less tax paid in bank notes, £1043 4s., a net sum of £22,060 8s. 10d., which 'tho directors pro posed to divido as, follows Dividend at the rate of 8 per cent, per annnm on £6 10s. per Bharo, £16,250; reserve fund, £4000; oud balance to profit and Iobs, £1S10 Ss. lOd. The chairman, on moving the adoption of the report and accompanying balance-sheet, referred with great pleasure to the improvement in the finances of the bank during the past year, which was owing to tho 'increased business whioh the direotors had been able to transact in what they believed to be perfectly safe investments. Mr. Robert Wallen seconded the-mdtidn, and pointed oat tbat tho amount available for apprapria- tiou exceeded by £1000 that of the last naif. - year, and that in -the face of the difficulty whioh all the banks bad experienced, and the great competition in regard to deposits .which had arisen from other banks offering every inducement to obtain them.-- The report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. The chairman announced that the divideud would be payable on and after to-day, and votes of thanks having been accorded to the directors and officers, and to the chairman, the proceedings terminated. In the County Court yostorday John Vieira, a seaman, sued Peter Brown, master of the ship John Griffiths, to recover damages for negligence. Mr. Qninlan ap peared for the plaintiff, and Mr. Purves for .the defendant. On the 18th April the ship mentioned was in Duke's Dook, and the orew were placing stores in her from > the steamer Gpeo, whioh was alongside of the dock. The plaintiff was lifting into the ship a bag of sugar np a ladder, the top of which was resting on the bulwark of the John- Griffiths, and the bottom on the edge of the dock. Not being able to lift the bog np the ladder he called to one of the men on board - to throw him a rope, whioh was done, and he then fastened the rope to the bag, laid the man on deck began to haul. The ladder gave way, .and- the plaintiff and bag of sugar fell into the dock. His leg was broken, and he sustained other injuries be. sides, rendering hiin unable to work for a considerable time, - The present action was for ne'gngence'bn' the part of the, captain . in | hot keeping the ladder properly fastened, aq - as topreventit from falling. The jury fennd ffl a vordict for the plaintiff, giving him £nsH comprising— £50 damages, £30 Dr. Fine's fsfl medical charges, £22 wages, and £16 hotel H oxpenses. Several points were reserved in. Sfl eluding that of contributory negligence and H that the plaintiff, as a seaman, had been pro. iM pcrly discharged nnder the act, and was not H entitled to wages. ' g-gl Mr. David Gauneon was defendant in an ffll action heard in the' County Court yesterday jW in which John. M'Lellan, a quondam client 19 sought to recover £150 damages for negli- 'H gence in the conduct of a case as an »f. <19 torney. The plaintiffs case was that iaffl June last he instructed the defendant IB take preccedings in the ConntyConrt against U a Mr. Neilson, the owner of a house which IS he had occupied for ten years nnder lesse, |9 to recover £70, the value of improvement whioh the landlord bad undertaken to pay 9 at the expiration of the tenancy. The terms fi of tho tenancy wore that it was to coa.'ffl tinne for two years at least, a mouth's, 19 notice to be given. Before the day of hear. ing the defendant Neilson paid £20 intafjS court, bat the plaintiff refused to accept -IS that in full satisfaction, and Mr. Gacnsonlfl promised to make it hot for Neilson. When H the case was called on Mr. Gaunson wagffl not in court, and it was adjonrned for a short fifl time. Five minutes before it was called on 19 again, Mr: Gaunson came to him and'#9 returned him all the papers iu the case, and 9 Baying he conld not wait, having to'catoh-9 the train to Castlemaine, where he bad to>v9 lectnre that evening, he left the court. Onf'fl the ease proceeding he was nonsuited with-iM £40 costs, because Mr. Qninlsn, for' NeU.gi'S son, put in the lease, which showed that«-9 the ten&noy; had not terminated, andPfl that the aotion was premature. Mr. Gsuo.< 9 son went into the box, and after saying he!?9 did not oare a dump how the present aotioafi'9 went, he said he had not received a pennyiSffl from the plaintiff in this oase. On the con- if 9 trary, he had lent him £9 ill cash. Wheal£0 ho asked M'Lellan if there was any agree-il9 ment between him and Neilson, he told himf 9 there was one for two years, which had eiafeH pired, and on the assurance that all the factaL-Sn were candidly placed before him he-brougbtfc'fl the action. When &1 rt Wilkinson, the oppoi'KH site attorney , showed him the agreement 9 and he mentioned it to M'Lellan, he furiously «9 refuted to recognise it, and said another j-ffl agreement had beep entered into subaequent'gj to that. On the day of the trial he told K M M'Lellan he had to gp to Castlemaine toi9 leoture, and could not wait till after thresf '9 o'clock, and he must be prepared to oondoctiifl bis own case, there being no funds provideij||9 to instruct counsel. Judge Cope, in ming np, said it was inevitable that M'Lellan9 wonld have been nonsuited, no matter who/9 appeared for him. In that action he did not ;:'9 suffer any damages; and he might havs"r'9 taken tho £20 out of court. But Mr. Oaun. v'lH son having undertaken the case ought co9 have attended to it. For that the plaintifljt9 was entitled to nominal damages. He oughltvH not, however, to have proceeded with hUM9 own case. Had he declined to go on helf.fi wonld have been entitled to substantial ,:-9 damages. The jury fonnd for tha plaintifi,®fi damages £30. The following bank holidays have beeny-fi proclaimed ; — Tuesday, 22nd inst., at Moo.fjfi roopna; Thursday, 24th inst., at Shep.«9 partem. J;fi The resignations of Councillors Curtain"' jH and Arnold, as representatives in the Cityi'fi Council of Gipps and Victoria wards, were v-JB aoocpted yesterday. The Mayor has lixedlffi the 26th inet. as the day for nominating can- |fi didates to fill the vacancies occasioned, andvffi the 29th inst. as the polling day. The promoters of the Colliugtyood Coffee Sfi Palaoe Company held a public meeting last jfi night at Collingwood, at whioh various ad-KS dreBses were delivered in support of the |9 establishment 01 coffee houses. Mr. J. -9 Mirams, M.LiA., who ooenpied the chair, -jfi pointed out tbo necessity of these houses as -ffi a counter attraction to publicbonses, sncissjfM a means of preventing people from indnlgingf'Bj in strong drink. His viewB were heartily |:9j supported by Dra. Singleton and Daniels, and at the close of tho meeting a conaiderabla'o'ffij number of shares were taken up in the new hSi company. This company is totally distinct j from the company whioh projects the estsb- i jB liahment of coffee bouses in the city of Meh.-ffi bourne. - 51 The electoral rolls of tho Footsoray and |,S| Kororoit division of the Southern Province for the Legislative Council were laid before j-fij the revision- court at Footscray yesterday, and certified to as correct. |'&j; The police had up to a late hour last night gjg beeu unable to obtain any tidings of tha '-.v® whereabouta of John S. Denny, the default. \';KS ing aecretary to the Fourth Permanent ® Building Society. The examination of thagB accounts and seourities held by the society '" Ja was continued yesterday, but its officers are:6B reticent as to the result. | The jockey, John Pritchard, who was in.gS jured while riding in a hurdle raoe at Ken- v" g sington Park on Saturday, waB reported at gg tho hospital last night to be improving. He fB had become partially sensible, and hopes are . a entertained for his recovory- ' '"B A man named Patrick M'Gowan, aged VS fifty-eight, living at Ohessell-street, Eme-jjB raid-hill, was admitted to tho Melbourno mj Hospital last night suffering from a fractured Mt ankle. Tlio injury was sustained through j,B his slipping off tho kerb in Clarendon- 7 fa street. , - 3 A summons was yesterday issued agsinst- ffl Ralph Hcnuingfiam, auctioneer, at the in-';g Btnnco of Robert Brunton, charging him with.-' H obtaining money by false pretences. TheLBj summons alleges tbat Honningham, by falsely jg pretending to be acting as an agent for Iand-vH in the parish uf Doutta Galls, obtained lromf SB tha plaintiff the -sum of £50 in cash, and ? 9 two bills of exchange at six and niney9 months for £50 and £54, for thb purchase :9 of the land referred to. Tho summons iiijffl made returnable on Thursday next. „y-9 Mrs. Alice Mongrodien renewed her »ppli-£ B cation before Mr. Panton, P.M., yesterday, ':M for the transfer of the lioenoe for the Water- .ffi loo Hotel, Chancery-lane, from the present,;-® holder, Thos. Sullivan, to herself. Inspector?; ® Montfort again called Constable Burke, who -; « reiterated the evidence he gave on a iormery M occasion, to the etfeot that he had eeen a-rffl barmaid engaged in the hotel guilty of dis- IK graceful- conduct on the night of the October. A witness named Peters eorro- H borated the evideuce of Burke. Before yM the ease for tho poliee closed, Inapector ;tfS Montfort remarked, with reference to ajjffl petition that had been sent in, that the Per": H sons who signed the petition did not know-j M how tho business of tho hotel was couducted; ® during the night, they being only acquainted' ||j with it during the day. Mr, James Hignams ,- w was called by Mr. Parves in support ot ||j the application, and said that he had|;H opposed it on the, first occasion be- j« cause he at that time was acting; under the pressure brought to bear by Mr. -j® Mayger, the landlord of the Mitre Tavero.jBj A petition was then handed in signed bygffi twenty-seven respectable gentlemen in sup- port uf the applicant! and after reading tbUf S ilr. Pantun remarked that he had no hesita- -y| tion in granting the application. ,V '5 On Sunday afternoon Alfred Aitkina was . || fishing in the Yarra from tho south bankta when he observed a body floating down/® stream. Ho managed to fasten his hootgH into the clothes in which the body was en- .; g veloped, and drew, the corpse to the bank. j;.Bj Constable Shanahan oonveyed the dead body r;a| to the Somerset Arms, South Yarra, where it was subsequently identified ma that of » cabdriror named John Keevea, aged fortj jj;® two, who resided at Riohinond. He hsdfg® been in the employ ' of Mr. Kell, cab-pro..- g prietor, who discharged him on Tuesday gg last for drunkenness. Reeves was last seeuj>.g on Sunday morning by a Mr. Hall, who waerg then at the Bridge Hotel, Btauding near tae gg Hawthorn-bridge, B When the Education Act was before the gg South Australian Assembly last week, »jfg clause was carried abolishing the CounoUjrg of. Education, and plaoing the whole of tns j,;g education system under the control ot ».g member of the Executive. A-g On Sunday afternoon information was gg given to the Prahrau police that reter.g Shookwidge was lying ill under deplorawa|® circumstances. Visiting his home, Sergeanl|« Parkinson found the man, with his wife snflMj five children, iu the last stages of diseessy® through famine. Everything around MjM tokened the utmost destitution, even witag out tha emaciated condition of the membsng of tho family. Shockwidge is a respectatof laborer, and has an excellent character fr0"| some of his late employers. How he cams to bo in such a stats of starvation is ua' gg known. There was not even a orust oi«® bread in the house. Sergeant Parkinson ob- J® tained from one or two benevolent gentlemen n|a the means of alleviating bis present distress, aud ultimately obtained the man a admu«ian |j into the Alfred Hospital. Subseriptlons tor |« the Bufferera will be received by thoStr-.l geonfc at the police etatioiii Prahran. . - .||9 Last night two public meetings ->f the'J ratepayers of the north and south W«d g| respectively were held iu ttiUiams J|i about the vexed question of qonatruot bridge across ; Stony Creek.,. In ' J J9 division the meeting, w> one of tljs 2|1 ever held - in the borough, sad breks. up without; comipg. to In the latter it was 'poofly ttoaded, m iTTdhori notion given. A LV casted asking tho council ratepayers on tha inbjeot tenders or committing raXther in the' matter. . r.mmeU Taokett and Co. yealer- ittod to pnblio anctiona Collection sf1? .? , tha property of the lata Mr. the majority of which were '0ld masters, while a few pur- be originals. The prices realised (Sdto w ® h 0Djy instance in whioh ,3,Ttr wa> offei4 being for an oU '??b7c Sonbre, the subject being AX at the Deathbed of hta want. The work waa greaUy for its breadth of treatment and |&"J, J,.,- 0 light and shade ; and, .nfrited competition, Mr. J. L. ' Ij LA became the pur-- £260. ' A copy by Jacques 'utile the Communion of St. Jerome, 'I'-Tm. artist, after Domemohent, wns the iter. D. Corbett for £69. lito Berti of Kaphael'a Madonna became the property of Mr. T p.S at £-10. Several pictures by frlter realised from £45 to £47 10s., LSiRubeu', which was stated to be /.nhted original, was knocked down The amount realised at the<mle, &clnded; eixty-livo lots, waa £1194. tf. kerosene scare in Wellington, J.ew iMms Ukely to make that article Cithe market. Upon inquiry it is ir/rtat the whole of the kerosene that r ««1 recently condemned is supposed to i S submitted to a test in America. oLlmner says that the method of com. XL tests is believed to be too stnn- toni not the one commonly employed, k this may be, as information has Mite from other ports of entry 5\. Ld outside of the colony, this vtxatn l iriU p obablv soon be Set at rest. ! ik« metntimo it' may be reassuring to w. trko hsvo kerosene labelled dangerous Sbor thsl efforts are being made to prove £e label a libel. _ (VeiiSerable agitation is going onjjat wltad shout the" Maori franchise. The Sine sre getting up a petition against it, SLthat thoy want more representatives, Snot want to vote for pakeha mem- If" A petition, says the late New Zea- kd tapers, is beingt nnmeronaly signed to ftiliinilatiTe Counoil asking that chamber |g links oat the Maori franchise clause. 'Aindden death ocourrod at Westbourne Dm Northcote, yesterdoy morning. James Bitot!, « market gardener, aged forty-two, Id keen ailing for some weeks past. Un VnidiT morning at live o'clock the wife of Lued heard a noise in the adjoining room, ike herbasband waa in the habit of sleep- iad on entering found him on the floor Sdinr from the month. Dr. Daniels was toedUtely sent for, but on his arrival the toed had breathed his last. Dr. Black yitttnded Holmes, and certified that he of dieetee of the heart. A widow y three children are left unprovided \e regret to learn, says the CaslUmaine tmuaialice, that Mr. Gilchrist, inspector, pstnl ouder the Education Act, died on ilosday afternoon. Here was a large attendance at the turalir promenade concert in the Town Hall hastening, when Miss Ada Willetts made ladikl in Melbourne ns a'pianiste, Mies raiette, who is only ten years old, played Archer's Alioe Where Art Thou, and m leponse to on enoore gave Gottochalk's Last Heps.' She aleo played Thalberg's Home, greet Home, and as an encore Handel's HirmoniouB Blneksmith. These pieces were And by Mies Willstts at her private piano, me recital lost Thursday, and her por. townee of them was noticed in The J« of the following day. Last even- b the feature of her performance tutbeHsrmonionBBlaoksmith, which was pkjed with a charming simplicity of expres- od, The audienco were most lavish of eppUnse alter each of Miss Wilietts's nnm hni and Bhe received a perfect ovation of tjitrt. In the first part of the concert, .Miss Alice VTooIdridge sang See How it Sparkles, torn Girofle-GiroBa, with good offeot. Ah imcredea, from La Sonnambula, was taken to fast by Miss E, A. AVangeuheim. Mr. I Limble sang Nancy Lee in good style. Iten You'll Remember Mo was given with faeffeot by Mr. Erederiok Dawson. The itccnd part consisted of selections from Mihtsog the best of which wero Alu Xbose Ohimes, by Mies Alice IVboIdridgo, who received an enaore, and Kow my Courage, by Mr. S. Lamble. For fie recitative and air, Scenes that are Bnrhteet, Miss Wangenheim received a re al). The dnet, Of Fairy Wand, was given by ilin Wangenheim and Mr. S. Lamble; and the dnet, Sainted Mother, by Miss Wnold- ndge end Miss Wangenheim. Air. Fred. Dunon gave There is a Flower that Mocmetb, and Let me Like a Soldier Fall, a i manner that proved acceptable to the iiiieoce. Mr. Charles Sykes gave as an R|Usolo, Batiste's Pilgrims of Hope, with pod (Sect, and also played Heveral organ se- Wraidoringthe interval between tbe two fertioni of the concert, Mia Ada Ward, tbe favorite actress, lacked Melbourne yesterday by the Vio- laiin from Adelaide, where she arrived last week from the Cape. Miss Ward is under li (Biijement to perform in Melbourne, but will return to Adelaide n a fow weoka to Kaplete one there which will last till tho mi of the year. At the Theatre Boyol last evening Mr. %tert Beeve mado his seoopd appearance hkiegrand impersonation of Count Fosco. h tone of the thrilling passages he eleo- hiad the audience by his clever aoting, Uhi.ViraroasLanra Foirlie and the Woman i ITIute came in for lier shnre of the ap- tojie; and Miss Jenny Watt, as Marion Mcomhe, noted with remarkable taste and Iheieniation drama British Born was re futed it the New Princess's Theatre last irenug. It went mneh better than on Mhrdiy evening, and there was a large iWuiee. Ike unnsing farce, Minerva, ' or that SittH.iii.law of Mine, was presented for a toocd time at tbe Aoademy of Musio last bps Miaa Beatriee and Mr. Ogden per- tahg the principal parts. Iktre wag a largo attendance at the Inicsna last evening, when Mr. D'Aroy tad repeated his Ghost entertainment, muona meet to-nisht nt tho Tradea' . < SM,o clock, to conaidcr tho question of tho ai .i) ra l-liollday. Aie.(ifeoc the Lifo, Putrlollim and rhilosoohy of m we wudelRoicd last night, at tho Church ot m' Y"rravllle, by Mr. A. J.'Sheehou, to porsienal director., of tl e CoffoeTtworna Com- J""6' announco that a;,|ilii»ti,.ns for k- W Til i reeclrerl tu-niorroiv and therf after Ly f4% tcm|K)r<iry officcaj 82 etst. or by nny o»lier of the directum.. b»»«' d Gp4iriht, of llitham, will deliver a to Yifui rn5,u 0r,><!rlyroom,Gnittaii8tr»'etl hlitoi ?Itnlntr»at o'clock, in connection tebecbdr11"11 Ur J Laurena' will ? l'h® Debating Society waa lit Assembly Uall, Oolllnf-f-trect; L cJ, t n cha r«. A paper waa read by Mr. «ho contended that even by recent iLi-s . . of married women were not suf- !fn .KiroM ,n coininunitica. iirw»; . tacolu ramii arrived ner Viclorian from Mr. J. H. Anttos'a Collluyrove lSSi,5®®ull,A«itralia# end will be on view nt I 15 i il» ho wool, till Friday, tho K6th »mpLsof Hill Rivur merino wool, from the temSto' a.re 10 be 8e0a offices of W. Ru iv urk,H,treet wost- ltal Abstinence Society's weekly bfih iun - thii ovenlnjf, in tho Goepal Istown n ,r ®urkcstreet cut, instead of the c£S!? '» Runell-street, which in at pre.-eut txtemdTe altcr.itiouB. ddrtf>6es will bo rL ?r.8 HUcux, J. Kcadford and KJl « cb»if will be Piken by Mr. Thomas AProKramme f aonKe and reclutlom will 