A COLONIAL NAVAL VOLUNTEER FORCE. Among the papers read this year before the Royal Colonial Institute was one by Mr. T. Brassey, M.P., relating to the organization of colonial defences, the gist of which, it will be remembered, was published in our telegraphic columns about two months ago. The subject has often been mooted before, and has been discussed by experienced naval and mili tary authorities, of whose suggestions Mr! Brassey has availed himself in his in teresting paper, in which he reviews the opinions they have expressed and points out those which commend themselves to his judgment. The subject divides itself into two branches — the relative duties in the matter of the Imperial and the Colonial Governments and the means by which the responsibilities devolving upon each can best be carried out. There can be no doubt that the cost of defences of a purely local character should be borne entirely by the colonies themselves without extraneous aid. This has been fully recognised by the colonial authorities, and none of the colonies which have organized schemes of internal defence, whether on a large or as in South Australia on a small scale, have sought the assistance of the Imperial Government. The defence of the colonies, however, in the broad Bense of the term has an Imperial importance. It comprises not merely the pro tection of the colonists and tha guarding of their ports and coasts, but also the protection of the immense mari time traffic in which the Empire is so materially interested. There are other weighty and important reasons which render it incumbent upon the mother country to co-operate with its numerous dependencies in defending them from invasion or hostile attack. The com mercial aspect of the question is by no means the one least worthy of considera tion, but it pales almost into insig nificance before the imperative necessity for consolidating the mighty Empire of which the first step towards disintegration would infallibly prove the death-knell. ? Regarded only as an equivalent for the service conferred upon England by her possessions in the absorption of her excess of population, the Impef rial participation in the cost of de fending the colonies may fairly be claimed. In time no doubt the colonial authorities, who have ever shown theitt* selves to be deeply imbued {with a spirit of independence and self-reliance, will be able to dispense with Imperial assistance and perhaps be even in a position to afford direct aid to the mother-country in the hour of her danger ; but that time is not yet A momentous point raised in con nection with this question is the expe diency of an Imperial federation. It is argued, and justly, that States contributing to the military and naval expenditure of Great Britain should be represented in 'the Great Council of the Empire at its seat of government.' . The consummation of any such scheme woul j be gladly hailed by all British dependent cies, and by none more than by thi Australian Colonies. Whatever view may be taken of it, however, there can be little doubt that it would be premature now, It is a question which bristles with serious difficulties, and involves changes of a radical nature in the British Constitution the effect of which can scarcely be esti mated. More than one project has been suggested by able writers and politicians for the accomplishment of the 'great policy of Imperial consolidation' touched upon by Lord Beaconsfield in 1872., But of these none have defined a clear path ihrough the formidable obstacles which everywhere present themselves. It is certain that to have representatives in the Imperial Parliament as at present con stituted would be a purely nominal advan tage to the colonies, and might, moreover^ seriously derogate from their privilege of self-government. The case would bd different if a Parliament were constituted of a purely Imperial character, dealing solely with Imperial questions, and leaving the local legislation of the United Kingdom and the colonies to the care of distinct assemblages. Such an arrange ment as this, however, could only! be effected by a complete remodelling of* the Constitution — a step which the; Imperial authorities will not for years to| come be disposed to enter upon. The question is one of those which are best left to time to mature. The point for immediate consideration is the respec tive liability of the Imperial and Colonial; authorities for the maintenance of; defences which while affecting the Colonies: have essentially an Imperial character. Equity we repeat demands that action in this matter should be joint, and that for a time at least the greater portion should be borne by the United Kingdom. The magnitude of the maritime traffic between England and the colonies is evidenced by the latest available statistics. These give the total tonnage of the mercantile navy of the British Empire as 8,133,837 tons, and of the United Kingdom at 6,336,360 tons. The tonnage of the colonies is thus 1,800,000, which Mr. Brassey points out is but slightly inferior to the combined tonnage of the 'French and German Empires.' The estimate is rather under than above the mark, for, as it was asserted in the discussion which ensued on the paper, much of the shipping classed under the head of that of the United King dom is in reality employed in the colonial trade. The scheme of defence which Mr. Brassey urges is based entirely upon that advocated by Captain Colomb, who laid down the principles that the maintenance of a powerful sea going fleet to shut up enemies in their own ports and to keep open the great sea routes to and from the heart of the Empire is the first necessity. The defence of local, home, and colonial harbours he would entrust to forts and torpedoes and to defence corps of volunteer torpedo men. As a further means of protecting colonial harbours Captain Colomb, it will be remembered, suggested that a fleet of sea-going ships should be formed to be kept in reserve on the Australian Station, and that the Colonial Governments should man these ships with naval reserves to be organized by them and maintained it is to be pre sumed at their own expense. The cost of the fleet he considers should be borne by the Imperial and Colonial authorities together. To give full effect to the scheme Captain Colomb urged that a dockyard should be established either at Sydney or Melbourne. ' The growing importance of the Russian navy in the Pacific, the extension of British trade over most of the islands in that vast ocean, and the [great distance which separates our Australian territories from the mother-country make it highly desirable to establish a dockyard in that part of the world.' The proposal is one which seems to offer a complete scheme of defence, and to be as desirable from a Colonial as from an Imperial point of view. It involves, so far as these colonies are concerned, com bined action on their part, and in this manner the expense will bear with less weight upon individual colonies. At the same time it is evident that the expendi ture will amount to a considerable sum, and it is to be feared that some difficulty would be experienced in obtaining the co-operation of the Governments of all the eolonies of this group. The keystone of the proposed system, it will be seen, is the formation of a colonial naval reserve. As to this there seems to be no reason why an adequate and efficient force should not be organized in each of the colonies. Training-ships might be established at the chief ports, where periodical drills could take place, and the vessels might be sent round from time to time to the other ports with a view to the instruction of the reserve collected at each. In addition to these drills a periodical inspection might take place at which the reserves could act in unison, and an occasional review of the whole intercolonial force might also be held. There can be little doubt that if the matter is seriously taken in hand a powerful force could be organized in the Australian Colonies. To the latter the initiation of such a scheme would be of immense advantage. It is admitted that their effectual protection can only be secured by naval defences, and the organization of a strong body of trained volunteers ready for embarkation at any moment in powerful sea-going ships presents itself as at once the most inex pensive and moat feasible plans for establishing such a means of defence. In this respect other British dependencies are more fortunately situated. The Dominion of Canada, it is asserted, pos sesses no less than 68,000 men inured to sea life, in whom, it has been rightly said, there exist 'the elements of a very powerful marine, which will be found invaluable in times of national danger.' As yet nothing, so far as we are aware, has been made known as to the views of the Imperial authorities on the subject of colonial defences, which it will be recollected ha3 beeu recently occupying their attention, and which Sir William Jervois has been instrumental in urging upon their im mediate and earnest consideration. It may be hoped that some proposition will before long be formally submitted to the Colonial Governments, and in the mean while the scheme suggested by Captain Colomb and revived by Mr. Brassev should not be lost sight of. The Duplicate Cable. — The elaborate negotiations which have been in progress for months past in reference to a duplicate cable have been absolutely fruitless. A telegram has been received by Colonel 1 Glover announcing that the Directors of the Eastern Telegraph Extension Company have finally resolved not to abate one jot of their demands that as the price of their concession in the matter of rates an end shall be put to Press combinations in regard to telegrams, and inasmuch as they know there is not tke slightest probability of this demand being granted they have instructed their representative to return to England without delay. The attitude of the Company in this matter has not been at all creditable, and their statement that the Australian Press mu3t be held responsible for the miscarriage of the negotiations is not likely to receive much credence at this end of the world. The fact is that the idea of pro hibiting Press combinations, first mooted at the Melbourne Conference, has been steadily resisted from the first ; it found no place in the preliminary agreement approved by Colonel Glover two or three months ago ; and it is only lately that it has been forced into a position of pro minence in connection with future ar rangements. We are reluctant to think that it has been used by the Company as an excuse for shuffling out of what they feared might prove a bad! bargain ; hut when they lay the whole blame of the failure of Colonel Glover's mission on the Press they cannot be surprised if tha Press, in self-defence, urgea that there has been more pretence than reality about their promised concessions. To begin with, their proposal that no two Australian newspapers should publish the same European telegram is utterly im practicable, for only by stringent legisla tion, concurred in by all tho colonies, could effect be given to it In the second place, it iB monstrously unfair and egre giously absurd to try to impose such restraints upon the operations of private enterprise ; and, in the third place, were the claims of the Company acceded to the Press would, in the matter of rates, occupy a worse posi tion than that in which it now stands. In order to supply the public with tho same amount of telegraphic news as is at present furnished, newspapers, with very few exceptions, would under the proposed new arrangement have positively to pay considerably more than the large amouut they have been in the habit of paying ; and inasmuch as there are but iow that could afford to do this, the reading community would Buffer. In the present aspect of affairs it is scarcely worth while discussing the matter further, but we wish to place on record our deliberato conviction that the Company, if it has acted in goed faith in taking its stand upon this question of Proas combina tions, has been utterly bliud ^o its own interests. Instead of lcv^ig anything by reducing Press rates tu the extent of CO per cent, aa proposed, the probability is that it would have stimulated telegraphic communication to such a degree that the number of mes sages would have been not merely doubled, but trebled or quadrupled. However, it has chosen its course, and for tho sake of the Australian public it is sincerely to be regretted that the hopes of havinira dupli cate cable established without delay have been so completely and so rudely disap pointed. ? GovEHMitEirr Housa— 'We have been desired to intimate that Lady Jervois will be at home on Tuesday afternoons between the hours of 3 and 5 for the purpose of receiving visitors. The Ovbriaxd TaLHoaAPH.— The Port Darwin line has been interrupted north ot Port Augusta since Friday afternoon. Mayor's Concert. — At the Town Hall tM» evening the Mayor's sixteenth concert will be given ; and a special feature of the cutertain ment will be Signor Gloria's organ recitals. China Fahikb Belief Fcmd.— The fond has now reached the sum of £1,431 10s. 7d. The Govhbmor of Victoria.— The data of the departure of Sir George Bowen from Vic toria for the Mauritius is not (the Argus states) definitely fixed. His Excellency, so iar, has no instructions upon this point. If he is to relieve the retiring Governor His Excellency would have to leave Victoria in about three months from the present date. The same authority adds that it is not at all improbable that he may be succeeded here by the Governor of a neighbour ing colony. Eiblb Christiih Chapbl, Olahvillb;— Tlie memorial- stone of the new Bible Christian Chapel, Glanville, will be laid by His Honor, tho Chief Justice this afternoon. Htnrr Olttb, — The members of the Adelaide Hunt Club meet to-day at the residence of Mr. B. Ban Smith, whose invitation they have accepted. Judging from the past there is likely to be a large muster. Sotjth Aubtbauah Yacht Clttb.— There- iff to be a meeting of the South Australian Yacht Club members this evening at the Fort, and in pursuance of a proposal at a previous gathering a pleasant social element will be introduced, several amateur vocalists having been invited. A humorous paper on yachting is also to be read by a well-known member of the Club. IXQUEST OK Fl&B; AT EuSUMDA. — On Wcdl nesday, August 28, Mr. D. Nock, J.P., held an enquiry at Kudunda into the circumstance* connected with the fire at Messrs. Brix & Oo.'a premises, Eudunda. The evidence which was taken did not show how the fire originated, and the enquiry was adjourned till to-day for farther information. Weslbtak Foreign Missions.— The Rev. A. Kaibure, a native minister from Fiji, will preach in the Archer-street Wesleyan Church to-morrow evening in the Fijian language, tho, Eev. Thomas 'Williams acting as interpreter. Thb Lbvbb akd Dbawinq RooH.— 'We have received the following additional information respecting the Levee and Drawing Room:— Prevented attending the Levee — Mr. Fred Ayers. Prevented attending the Drawing Boom — Mr. and Mrs. Babb≥, Mrs. and the Misses Boothby, Mr. and Mrs. Carter, Dr. and Mrs. Forster, Mrs. Higgs. Omitted from those who attended tbe Drawing Koom — Mrs. Feterswalct. The name of Dr. J. G. Verco was omitted from the list of gentlemen who attended the levee. Outbids Habboub at Mahimo.— A weft attended meeting, presided over by Mr. James Downing, was held at the Institute, Brighton, on Friday evening, Angust 30, to consider ' tbo suitability of Marino for an outside harbour as a port of call for ocean steamers, with a view to its being brought prominently before both Houses of Parliament.' The Hon. K. A. Tarl ton, and Messrs. W. Townsend and T. King, representatives for the district, were present and addressed the meeting. Motions affirming the desirability of carrying out the proposed scheme and of bringing it before the attention of both Houses of Parliament were unanimously canied. PkSSbNTATION.— Mr. Wivell's pupils pre sented him with a handsome stiver inkstand on Thursday evening, August 29, on the occasion of their ball. The inkstand, which was of an elegant tray pattern, bore an appropriate in scription, testifying to the esteem in winicli the recipient is held by his pupils. Memorial eb Socth-Eastbbn ListD.^On Thursday the Commissioner of Crown Linda was waited upon by Messrs. A. Hardy, M.P r and B. W. E. Henuing, M.P., members for the District of Albert, who presented to Mm a memorial whish was signed by a large number of persons residing in th*t district. Tbo memorial referred to the survey of land at Aidune, and stated that tho memoriali*ta wen* rather surprised to find that the surveyors who had been engaged in laying out tho laud afc Ardune had been taken off that work and wrre now surveying the land suburban to Locftidale, although a former memorial had shown tlut the opening of the Ardune lands was tnm-.£ eagerly looked forward to. They asked tint when the surveyors had finished their present survey at Lucindale they might be sent to finish the work at Ardune. Tho Commissioner said the matter should have full attention, and tho memorialists would be commHDicated with iu due course. Poht Adelaidb Cobpobatiom.— A meeting of this body was held on Friday night, August 30\. In order to facilitate the scavenging the Inspector ia to enforce the by-law with regard to keeping rubbish-boxes. The provisions of the Dog Act are to be more stringently applied in Port Adelaide. The subject of lighting tho Port np with gas was broached, and Dnly ono Councillor indicated an opposition to the pro posal. No step, however, seems likely to bo taken for thepreaent in this matter, although it is one which deserves better consideration from the bands of the ratepayers. Bailwat EaoiHEEtta.— We understand from the Jamestmcn Ittrino that Mr. J. McOormack, Besident Engineer 'of the Port Pirie aud Jamestown line, has removed his head qnarterg to Port Pirie; and that Mr. WV Duffj, V'- superintended the construction of the runway as far as Gladstone,' and who has since been engaged in the South-Bast, returned to Port Augusta to assist in the formation- 6¥ tho Port Augusta and GovernmeBt Gums Line. \- Theatre Botal— ' Ivanhoe' was again per formed at this place of amusement on Friday evening, Angust 30. The audience, was not numerous, bat in spite of that disadvantage the performers sang and acted with spirit, arid the localisms and tbe best of tbe scenes were very well received. The bill is the same to-night. Botaz. Agricultural amj Ho.bxicuixukaxi Socibtt.— At a meeting of the Committee of this Society on Friday the question of arranging for the carrying oat of the experimental farming in various localities was referred to the Agricul tural Committee for report. Mr. Ind brought forward the subject of the necessity of more commodious and extensive grounds being pro vided for the operations of the Societv, and suggested that a suitable site would be about 20 acres of ground at the side of Moutefiore Hill. The Committee, without going into the discussion of the matter, apppointed a Sub Committee to report upon it, ISBCBAKCB A2ID OTHBR COJCPAiCIBS IS A Fix. — There is a possibility of th« resources of the Treasury (Victoria) being considerably aog mented from an unexpected source (remarks the Age). A number- of influential trading Companies have omitted to comply with the requirements of clause 24 of the Companies Statute, 18t-J, by which omission they have, under clause 25, subjected themselves to a penalty not exceeding £5 per diem from the first default. The Directors and Managers are also liable to a similar penalty individually. Mr. Plunkett, as solicitor for Alfred Bishop, an accountant, has filed informations against the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, Limited, and its Directors and Manager, and the summonses are returnable on Thursday next. The total amount of penalties claimed against them is £54275. Other informations are being filed against a large number of Companies similarly in default, and the penilties claimed will amount in the aggregate to something like £150,000. Eiget Horns Festivals.— OnMonday festivals will be held to celebrate the fifth anniversary of the eight hours movement in this city. One section of those interested in the demonstration will hold their festival in the Exhibition Grounds. A pi occasion will leave the Labour League Hall, Hindley^treet, the time for assemblibg being fixed for 8.45 a.m. Various amusements will be provided during the day ; in the evening there is to be a concert at the Town Hall, and the festivities are to be finished with a ball in the same building. The other section will hold a picnic at Beckham Grange, near Paradise. The omnibuses in which the pleasure-seekers will proceed to the trysting spot will form in procession at the Bristol Tavern, Franklin-street, at 9 o'clock a.m., and proceed aloog Franklin, King William, and Bundle streets to Paradise. The usual outdoor amusements peculiar to such occasions will be indulged in. Johs Brims.— The Bev. D. Paton, BD., delivered a lecture on John Bunyan, in connec tion with the St. Andrew's Young Men's Society, in St Andrew's Schoolroom on Friday evening, August 30, there being a moderate attendance. The lecturer gave a must interest ing account of the life of this extraordinary man, and also referred in high terms to Banyan's great work, 'Pilgrim's Progress.' Stodhs Death.— Late on Thursday night a report was received at the Police Station that a man named Venables had fallen down dead at Dr. Mayo's house, Morphett-street A constable was sent to make enquiries, and it appears that about half-past 10 that evening Dr. Mayo went to the door in answer to a ring at the ball, and found deceased lying en the ground in front of the door. Another man was standing by, who said that something was wrong, and was told by Dr. Mayo to send the police ; but he did Hot do this, and nothing was seen of him after wards. The body was eventually taken to the Deadhouse, and an inquest will be held this morning. PlOXEBB ChICKET ClXB, PoBT ADBtAlDB. — The annual meeting of this Club was held on Friday evening at the Globe Hotel, Port Ade laide. There was a moderate attendance, and Mr. J. M. Watson took the chair. Several new members were elected, and the followingofficera were appointed :— President, J. M. Watson; Vice-President, Eobt. Kelly; Secretary and Treasurer, M. Moorbouse; Captain, T. Keley; Vice-Captain, W. Mortess; Match Committee, M. Moorhouse, G. Price, and J. M. Watson. Some further general business was transacted, and the meeting adjourned. Postal Abhasghmhxts fob thb Mutiiro Towicships. — As many of our readers already know (remarks the 1\ P. Advertiser), it is believed that the line of railway between Eadina and Port Wakefield will be completed within about three weeks. It had been contem plated by the authorities, we believe, that there after the mail service between the city and Moonta should be conducted via Kadina and Wallaroo. This devious route would have had the effect of altogether depriving Moonta (in point of speed) of any advantage whatever from the railway, since the old style of horse traction is to remain apparently en permanence bet wee u Moonta and Wallaroo. We are now glad to learn that the Postmaster-General has promised that the Green's Plains mail contract shall be continued, and this being the case we suppose the existence of the railway will have tha effect of speeding the mails to Moonta about an hour. The line will be of very much greater advantage postally to Kadina, possibly giving a saving of time to the extent of an hoar and three-quarters. Cathxdraz. Choib Coxceet. — On Tuesday next a grand concert will be given in the Town Hall by the choir of St. Peter's Cathedral under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois. Thb Katxabcby Day. — The Government dam at Kalkabury is now full, and holding splendidly. It will be a boon to the farmers during the coming season (says the J*. P. Advertiser), as will that as East Moonta to the fanners around Agery and Penang, seeing that they will be saved from coming to Moonta, nearly three miles further from their farms. Thb Port Adrlatdh Newbpapbr Compact. — At a meeting of the shareholders held at Messrs. G. K. S*lth & Go.'r offices, Port Adelaide, the resolution previously passed that the business should be wound np was confirmed, and the Directors were appointed liquidators. It was stated that negotiations had been opened with Mr. E. H. Derrington, of Yorke's Peninsula, to start a newspaper at Port Adilaide, but no decision had been yet arrived at. j.ug ojtt.-n, — iio, * ureager ^tne oarnia) was ngaged on Friday, August 30, in deepening the 'ort Stream near the Government moorings 'his was her first day at work. No. 1 Dredge as been placed on OruickshanVs Slip, and i icdergoing a thorough overhaul. Texfbbahcb EirraBTADOCBKT at Post Adb aide. — A pleasant temperance entertainment inder the auspices of the Myrtle Lodge, .O.G.T. (American Order), was given in the Mdfellows' Hall, Port Adelaide, on Friday light, August 30. Mr. G. Swan presided. An pology for enforced absence was read from th lev. D. CDonnell, who, however, promised t ;ive at an early date a lecture at Port Adelaide in behalf of the temperance cause. The Rev. iV. M. Hunter, in a pointed and able address, npplied his place. The Revs. S. Raymond Primitive Methodist) and Jas. Haslam (Wjs eyan) also addressed the meeting. The pro reedings were interspersed with songs and re ;itations given by Messrs. G. Filsell, W. Day,G Elawke, and W. Renfrew. Mr. J. W. Channon icted aa accompanist to the musical part. Warra'a Rooms.— Owing to the threatening jspect of the leather and counter-attractions there was a poor attendance at White's Rooms on Friday, [August 30, to witness Rainford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company. The audience aeemed to thoroughly 'enjoy Ihe pro gramme presented, and were not at all sparing in their applause. To-day there will bo an afternoon performance^ Ofhbatitb Stoskuis-ss' BASSBtt.— Mr. G S. Heslop has just painted and prepared a hand some silk emblematical banner in connection with the eight hours' movement for the operative stonemasons of South Australia. It measures 12 feet by 12 feet 9 inches, and is of blue silk on the one side and crimson silk on the other. On one side is a well-executed representation of two stonemasons at work, and this is sur mounted by beautiful festoons of flowers. A deep frame of richly gilt moulding and scroll work in a very tasteful design surrounds the whole, and there is also the motto, ' United we Stand, Divided we Fall,' inscribed in a con spicuous place. On the other side the banner has a painting of two men at work, one vigorous and erect under the eight hours' system, the other bent and weary doing ten hours. In the two upper corners are representations of the same men after work — one hearing his child'* lessons ; the other, too wearied for such a duty, seeking 'tired nature's sweet restorer' in a chair. Around the edge of the banner is in scribed, 'Eight hours labour, eight hours re creation, and eight hours rest' The whole thing is a credit to the painter, who by working ten boors a day at it has had to violate the very principles he seeks to perpetuate, but has suc ceededin having it ready for the approaching demonstration. Hadakb Tasca's Bbsmtt Coscbht. — The third and last grand pianoforte recital and concert of Madama Carlotta Tasca, which was arranged for her benefit, took place in the Town Hall on' Friday ni^ht Every part of the hall was crowded, and indeed it would be difficult to say if there ever was such a large and brilliant assemblage at any previous enter tainment of a similar character. The occasion was also marked by- the presence of His Excel lency the Governor, with Lady Jervois and the Misses Jervois. In addition to the celebrated pianiste the following artistes took part in the entertainment : — Madame George Robertson, Mdlle. Kosaly Merz, and Messrs. F. A. Heed, C. E. Mumme, Alfred Pluuipton, and George Robertson. The first part of the programme was unquestionably finer than the last, so far at least as it concerned Madame Tasca, for there she gave in its entirety Beethoven's magnificent Sonata in A flat. This performance was eagerly looked forward to by the critics and those who could appreciate its rare beauties with more than common satisfac tion, and Madame Tasca's interpretation of it must have gratified' the most hypercritical of her audience if it had not as well the effect of still further exalting their sense of appreciation. It was a masterpiece of execution. If a prefe rence might be given to any part of it perhaps the general verdict would be in favour of the andante con variaztoni, which we thought exceptionally well rendered. At the conclusion of the performance Madame Tasca was enthusiastically applauded and re called, when she was presented with a large and choice bouquet. Her second performance was in a duet with.Mr. Keed— Mendelssohn's Sonata in D for the pianoforte and violoncello — and it was only second to her first, if the rendering of such a widely different composition might be ranked in that order. The soft, rippling scherzo movement was particularly delightful, and both performers deserved well the warm applause which xang out at the close. Madame Tasca varied her astonishing manipula tions by playing Thalberg's solo for the left hand of .'Home, sweet home,' for which she was rewarded with a shower of bouquets, and in response to an encore she gave Plumpton's 'Hibernian echoes.' Her last performance was a double one, viz., Iitolff's ** Spinnlied,' which she gave at the previous concert and now repeated with the same refined expression, and Gottschalk's 'Pasquinade.' But although this was the last item on the programme the audience could not be appeased until she responded to their unanimous encore by rendering Chopin's Valse in D flat, and as might be expected it proved a rare treit. Madame Robertson was in good voice and seemed to be less nervous than usual, for her notes were fully equal to filliDg the hall. She sang to Mr. Robertson's accompaniment Bellini's beautiful cavatina, ' Come per me sereno,' — for which she was deservedly encored — and the more familiar aria of Meyerbeer's, ' Roberto, tu che adoro ,' in an admirable manner. Further on she sang with. Mr. Mumme in Donizetti's duet, ' Sulla Toinba,' which has been heard sung by them with pleasure at previous concerts. Mdlle. Kosaly Merz gave Plumpton's song, ' Sweet is true love,' in a style which called forth a clamorous encore, and she responded by singing another of Mr. Plumpton's compositions entitled ' Sing on, my little bird' — a ballad in every wav suited to her voice. But Mdlle. Merz won greater favour in her rendering of Abt's ' Kukuk,' the last verse of which she bad to repeat. Mr. Plumpton was apparently suffering from some indisposition, yet he succeeded in no small measure in contributing to the enjoy ment of the entertainment by his singing with Mdlle. Merz the duet ' Trovatore,' which they gave in English. Not the least worthy, though last to be mentioned, were Mr. Mumme's songs. Preference must be given to his rendering of Plumpton's sere nade, 'Reading Thine Eyes,' over his other effort, 'Du bist mein Gedanke.' Regarding the vocalization altogether, it mty be generalized as more than usually good, while the whole entertainment was something which will long be remembered by those who had the privilege to be Dresent. Railway to thb Hills.— A correspondent aids us the following : — ' At the ordinary leeting of the District Council of East Torrens, eld on Thursday evening, August 29, it was ecided to call a public meeting for the purpose F recommending the Government to have trial line of railway surveyed, so as to connect lovernment House and Norton's Summit, .shton, Uraidlay, and Balhannah with the roposed railway from Adelaide to Nairne. The 'ouncillors are men competent to form an pinion on the probability of a good line being btainable; and it is thought that the very irge traffic from the neighbourhood, and the ivisability of connecting the new Government [ouse by rail are features of greater im ortance than the Government have taken lto their estimate in overlooking thin ne. I understand that the expenditure a Government House, and the making of roads ad approaches, &c;, to it, will not be under 30,000 or £40,000, and that in itself should be jme consideration in removing the present lolated position of the Governor's private isidence; and if the line can be constructed b anything like an easy gradient the recom lendation of practical men like the Councillors [ the District Council of East Torrens should e of some assistance in settling the general usstion of railway accommodation to the hills.' he announcement of the meeting will be found i our advertising columns. COKSHTUTIOM OF THB VICTORIAN UPPHH [otSE. — The most important business trans cted in the Legislative Council on Tuesday ight (says the Age of August 28) was the coa ideration of the report of the Select Committee ppointed to deal with the Bill for the altera ion of the constitution of the House, more specially with regard to the number of lembers and the subdivision of provinces, lie report recommended that there should be en provinces, each returning four members. !his decision was known last week, when a regress report was submitted. Since then two rivate meetings have been held, at which a irge number of members attended, and the esult of their deliberations was that a majority f the House disapproved of the recommenda ions of the Committee, and framed a different cheme, dividing the colony into twelve pro inces, with an aggregate number of forty-two lembers, of whom nine would represent the Central Province. This scheme was propounded o the House by Sir Chas. Sladen, who moved bat it be substituted for the one recommended y the Select Committee. It was ultimately greed that the two schemes should be con idered next Tuesday, to which day the House djourned. NOBTHEBX YOKKH'S PHHCT3TTLA.— The Y. P. Idrertiser of August 30 states that light bowers fell pretty generally over the upper art of the Peninsula during Tuesday night and Vednesday last. The growing crops will no loubt be benefited thereby, but a good soaking ain of eight or ten hours' duration would not be unacceptable just at present. On Tuesday luring the thunderstorm that passed over the Peninsula the house of Mr. Folly, of Cross toads, was struck by lightning. The chimney vas knocked down aud the ceiling somewhat lamaged, but the inmates fortunately escaped without injury to life or limb. The crops round \gery and Kalkabury are so far in splendid con iition, and the expectations of the fanners as :o the coming harvest are very high. RcMircra Tra»3 thsocoh Port Adelaide. —At the meeting of the Port Adelaide Corpora tion .on Friday night, August 30, an attack was made Upon the management of the trains running through Port Adelaide. Councillor Bennett commenced by protesting against the dangerously high rate of speed at which the train travelled through St. Vincent-street on some occasions ; and Councillor Bolien followed by characterizing the way in which the Port streets had been and were ' monopolized' by the Railway Department as ' monstrous.' Coun cillor Kestel, in expressing the views ol the residents of St. Vincent-street, said thej objected to the ' heavy trains' as being calcu lated to Injure the buildings in the locality ol the line. The Mayor hiving explained how his recommendation for the Adelaide train t- use one side of the Port platform while th- Semaphore train availed itself of the other sidt came to be set aside by the Traffic Manager anc the Commissioner of Public Works for * througt trains,' Councillor Bolien, doubtless in i moment of excitement, spoke of Mr. Pendletoi in uncalled-for terms. Ultimately it wa resolved to protest to Mr. Pendleton against th- high rate of speed at which the trains pass* through the streets. the Northern Argvs of August 30) was notice able at Blyth on Monday last in consequence of a report that gold had been discovered on the plains. Mr. Nottle, jun., showed the residents some specimens of nuggety gold which he said was washed from some soil La a creek about seven miles from Blyth township. Cbickbt. — The opening game of the Hind marsh Cricket Club will be played at Hiud ? marsh to-day. Gbbat Bhitais Mntuto Coikawt. — The annual meeting of this Peninsula Copper Mining Company was held in Mr. Driffielda offices, Town Hall Buildings, on Thursday afternoon August 29 ; Mr. W. S. Whitington in the chair There were about 1,500 shares represented in person and by proxy. The Secretary (Mr. Driffield) read the Directors' report, which stated that the half-year had passed without anVs sign of improvement in the South Aus tralian mining world, and that the affairs of the Company were in just the same position as tbey had been for more than two years, except that the slender funds in hand were being gradually used up, notwithstanding that the expenses were reduced to a minimum. In the statement of liabilities and assets, in aJdition to the balance in hand of £18 17s. 9d., there was to be reckoned the value of the machinery and the lease. The liabilities were £6 6s. 6M., and the assets £25 4s. 3d. Messrs. Pascoe and Wright were re-elected Directors and Mr. W. J. Foliar ton as Auditor, and the meeting adjourned. Nbw Cobfo&atiox; Sheds fob Machctbbt. — Good progress is being made in the erection of these sheds, and it is now expected that they will be completed in three weeks' time. They are situate on the eastern side of the feur-acre block, between Grote and Gouger street*, which is reserved for market purposes. The material used is the stone from the old rifle butts on the South Park Lands, and a very substantial build ing is being made with it. The sheds exteud over three sides of s square, and are 3&4 feet in length all round, the dimensions of the square or yard from wall to wall being 160 feet x 102 feet. The height of the walls is 13 feet, and the roof is of the ' lean to' description, while the seeds are divided into 14 compartments each 20 feet x 17 feet. Entrance to the yard is obtained through a gateway in the dead wall on the western side facing the market sheds. Excellent ventilation is provided for the different com pj-rtments, and the building will be of the most permanent kind. Water will be laid on, and the ground levelled but not paved. Mr. Thos. J. Pool, tha contractor, has undertaken the work fnr fUZR TO*. Aboriginal Leqexd of a Deluge.— In a work compiled by Mr. R, Brough Smyth for the Government of Victoria the following legend of a deluge is narrated: — 'A long time ago, when father belonging to you and me been alive, there was a very great flood ; all the country was under water, and all the blackfellows were drowned except a man and two or three women, who took refuge in a mud inland near Port Albert. The water was all round them. The Pelican, sailing about in his bark canoe, saw these poor people i-nd went round to help them. One of the n omen was so beautiful that he fell in love with her. When sha wanted to get into the canoe he said 'Not now— next time;' so that, ferrying the others one by one to the mainland, she was left to the last. She became frightened, and, being a cunning woman, she wrapped a log of wood up in her 'possum rug, and kid it by the fire to look like her. When the Pelican came back he said, ? Come on now.' Receiving no reply he became angry, and, going to the supposed woman lying by the fire, he gave her a kick, when he at once found out the trick that had been played upon him. Then he was very angry, and began to paint himself white to look out and fight with the blackfellows. When he was half painted another pelican came by, and, cot knowing what such a queer black-and-white thing was, struck ths first pelican with his beak and killed him. Before that pelicans were all black ; now they are black and white, and that is the reason.' North Park Football Clcb.— A meeting of the North Park Football Club was held at Mr. Graefe's Coffee-Rooms on Thursday evening, August 29. There were about 30 members present, and Mr. D. J. Kekwick, the Captain of the Club, occupied the chair. It was decided to have a colour match for ladies' bag to close the season. Bright brown and blue were the colours adopted for next season. KooRcraA Tbub Bltjh Ohiocbt Club.— The opening general meeting was held at Mr. Snell's Temperance Hotel on August 28, Mr. W. Beal occupying the chair. The following officers were elected .—President, Mr. W. F. Coglin Captain, W. Beal; Field Captain, G. Parks; Secretary, E. White; Treasurer, A. Ogelvy; Committee, J. Blott, J. Samson, J. Byan. Captain, Treasurer, and Secretary. Several new members were elected. Mbbtwg of Baxebs. — AJmeeting of operative bakers will be held this evening at the Labour League Hall. Valub of Lajtd tm New Zbalamd. — In a lecture delivered before the members of the Colonial Institute in London recently Sir Julius Vogel took great pains to show that it would be better for a man to pay £10 or £20 per acre for good land in New Zealand than £1 to £2 per acre for fair land in Australia. In confirmation of thb statement the Tarcmaki Weekly Herald of August 3 states that the average of the New Zealand wheat crop exceeds that of any of the British colonies and of many other parts of the world, it being 31'5 bushels per acre in 1875-6 as against 11-8 bushels in South Australia, 123 bushels in the United States, and 27$ bushels in the United Kingdom. In commenting upon these assertions a resident of New Plymouth, New Zealand, but formerly of this colony, writing on August 5, says : — ' New Zealand is a good country, with good land, well watered, and a good climate, but it is over-estimated ; and land all over ' the islands is of an enormously fictitious value. The hind laws admit of more speculation than bona fide settlement. Now as to the value of the land. I have been here some time — sufficiently long to form an opinion — and it is only a person who has lived in Australia that can draw the comparison. You must remember that there is bad and inferior land in New Zealand as well as in Australia, and I will stake my opinion that if a selection were made of say 1,000 acre*, for cultivation and pasture mixed, or cultivation alone, either at Mount Barker, Mount Gambier, or on the Northern Areas, and farmed for say 10, 15, or 20 years, the actual net profits from the produc tl°U» wfuld. eclipse that of any 1,000 acres similarly ielecttu and farmed in any part of New Zealand. We hear of enormous yields of crops in New Zealand, and enormous fattening capacities of some districts, which are perfectly true, and the people of New Zealand sing out, 'See how we beat Australia; they can only grow 12 and 14 bushels to the acre there.' Yes, very true ; but the New Zealand people fail to say what the cost of production on their own soil is, and what price they purchase at per acre, and they will not admit that the small yield in South Australia, with the natural facilities and the liberal hind laws and the quality of the article produced, is more profitable to the fanner there than the large yields are here. New Zealanders will not believe that on some new lauds in South Australia they average for a few years 30, 40, and more bushels to the acre without manure, and that the labour is simply the plough, harrow, ami strippar, and that the small averages are often attributable to bad seasons and always include lands which have been many years in crop, and which in New Zealand would not pay on account of the quantity of labour required. In New Zealand they must have a high percentage per acre or it will not pay to grow. Since the coming into opera tion of Strangways Act South Australia can show two to one successful farmers (I mean bona fide selectors) from small beginnings as compared with New Zealand.' Thbat&ical; Feacas. — News U to hand (says the Sydney Echo) ol the encounter between Mr. J. K. Emmet, the actor, and Mr. Edward Zim merman, in New York recently. It appears Zimmerman and others were talking on a side walk, -when Emmet came up and addressed him self to Zimmerman. Some warm words were exchanged, and the lie direct was given to Zim merman by Emmet, who followed up his expressions with a blow. The two then fell to pummelling each other with right good will until separated by a gentleman present. Zimmerman managed to escape into an hotel, and ' Frite'' was taken to a bona fide watch house this time, but not before being allowed to remove traces of blood from his clothes and make himself presentable. Emmet went into Court attended by a distinguished histrionic retinue, and acknowledged striking Zimmerman and calling him a liar. Upon examination, the arresting officer could not testify to Emmet striking a blow, and he was discharged. He bore palpable evidences of his encounter. His right eye was black and swollen, the left bruised, and a large cut was visible on his brow. On being dis charged he huxried'ofF to appear in the charac ter he so ably sustains, and which has made him so generally popular. The dispute appears to have arisen in consequence of Zimmerman asserting th3t Rogers, Emmet's agent, stated that he left Emmet in Australia because he could not bear with him. When Zimmerman was accused by Rogers of having said this he denied speaking to Emmet about it at all, and this seems to have exasperated ' Fritz' to the extent indicated. 