Music and the Drama. ' . The facts not otherwise, Than here set down. SHERIDAN KNOWLES. OUE r BOYS.-The extraordinary time that plays remain upon the boards of the London theatres is the most notice able feature of the present position of the drama. The Bells and Irving's Hamlet each lasted overa hundrednights ; but ** Our Boys" has surpassed everything recorded irTdraraatie" annals, by drawing good houses for more than three years running for over a thousand nights consecutively. Whether it will ever stop remains yet to be proved, for, by the latest reports, its popularity was still undiminished. A play that thus retains its hold on the public appreciation must have some great merit to account for its success. It must either have characters of great dramatic power and weight, or situ ations that have a special bearing on the social conditions of the period. It may bo doubted whether an > ingeni ously constructed plot hus ever been sufficient to give a play a very durable position, and certain it is that sparkling dialogue by itself will not command permanent popularity. Tho Elizabethan drama is remarkable not onlv for its power, but for the universality of type that its cha racters represent. The English monarchs and courtiers tho Italian nobles and burghers, the Eomnn warriors and states men, exhibit the same sentiments that animate tho men of to-day. Similarly the ladies and gentlemen of Coleman's "Jealous Wife," Goldsmith's "She Stoops to Conquer," and Sheridan's " School for Scandal," may be dressed in the cos tume of the last century, but their white wigs, flap coats and long-waisted dresses do not hide characters essentially the same as those we meet in the drawing-rooms of - the pre sent. On the contrary, the brilliant comedies of Wycherly Congreve, and Farquhar appealed to a special social con dition, and though their success was great it was not enduring, a result which is not altogether attributable to the lax morality pourtrayed. let us apply these general principles to the play of " Our Boys," first sketchinir in outline its plot. The sons of Sir Geoffrey Champneys a representative of the lower aristocracy of England, and Mr Middlewick, a retired butterman, without education or à particle of culture, have been travelling together on the Con tinent, and, at the opening of the play, are expected to arrive at Mr. Middlewick's. Two nieces of Sir Geoffrey are present the one, Mary Melrose, is penniless, the other, Violet is rich. The baronet has made up his mind that his son " willy nilly," shall marry the latter. The sons, when they appear, are as different us Undi- fatheis. Talbot Ohampneys is a languid aristocrat, without, as he says, two ideas in bis head ; Charley Middlewick is active and enterprising. The two young mon fall in love with the wrong young ladies. Talbot, disliking to be driven, is readily captured by tho sparkling vivacious Mary Melrose, while Violet has already a penchant for Charles, which is fully returned. These arrangements displease both the parents, the former because Mary is poor, tho latter beoause of the young lady's hauteur. The young men aro turned out of doors, and have to live on their wits in london, and Talbot discovers finer qualities than were generally apparent in his prosperous days. Au amusing character is brought on in tho person of a kind-hearted but dirty little London " slavey," who attends to the wants of the lodgers. When three months have expired, tho old gentlemen relent, and coming to London, find out their sons. The girls also seek their lovers, and, after some misunderstanding, owing to the presence of old Miss Champneys' bonnet, all are reconciled. This plot is slender, but it is sufficient to bring out many ridiculous contrasts and some characters of marked in dividuality when well acted. Tho dialogue is sparkling in the extreme, and full of allusions which are particularly ap propriate in London, but the merit of tho piece is not, in our opinion, in dialogue or character, but in its excellent por trayal of the grotesque contrasts between persons of refine ment mid good breeding and those whoso rapidly gained wealth has not been accompanied by self-culture. The great increase of wealth among tho trading classes of England makes this the most prominent social feature of the age, and it is one which is noticed by the rich and thc poor; Even a Mr. Middlewick would be amused at his own picture, though he might not recognise whom it re« presented. At all times this contrast is seen more or less, but in periods of less rapid growth of commercial prosperity, such a play as "Our Boys" might fall comparatively Hat. To some extent we see this in Sydney, the local allusions do not tell, and we have not here the antitypes of Slr Geoffrey Champneys. With few exceptions, our wealthy men are all nouveaux riches, though by no means necessarily vulgar, but we can show few, if any, specimens of the pride of rank, birth, and bearing that is characteristic of tho country gentlemen of England. Thus, the play does not touch a popular chord, though it affords very great amusement in the able hands in which it is now placed. Mrs. Scott-Siddons and her talented company have made it a very great success in the ordinary sense of the term, but we do not think they would be able to play it for 'a preternatural length of time. They develop the char acters with great ability, and the audience are thoroughly delighted. It is a noticeable characteristic of the representa tion that all tile characters are made loveable in the end, in spite of the manifest absurdity of some of them. Mrs. Scott-Siddons is a most charming Mary Melrose, her vivacity, her clan, her fascinating beauty are not lost on the part, although it is not necessarily a distinguished ono. She is forward, without the faintest trace of vulgarity, simply from , excess of high spirit. She is the development as the elegant young lady of what is termed a "romp" as tho school girl. She is overflowing with fun and frolic, and could no more be shy in tho presence of the sterner sex than she could fly. Miss Deorwyn as Violet Melrose, is attractive without displaying an individuality that would interfere with the more striking character of Mary. Miss Alice Deorwyn is admirable as the ' slavey. Her dirty face, her merry look, her pinafore and \ general make up are perfectly natural, yet so amusing, that no one can help laughing nt first sight of her. So thoroughly ! does she enter into the action of the piece that on one occasion, unintentionally we presume, she threw a shoe which she had ' in her hands right into the pit, to the no small astonishment of the spectators. Mrs. Jones, us Talbot Champneys' maiden aunt Clarissa, is not as prominent as the London Clarissa, but is fully equal to the part assigned to her. Mr. Andrews, as Mr. Middlewick, is the centre of the play and its fun. His acting leaves absolutely nothing to be desired; it is the con centrated essence of humour that ventures very near, but never passes, the limit of extravagance. Mr. Montague, in figure and bearing, is decidedly aristocratic and in keeping with Sir Geoff rey's position. ' Mr. Fleming, who is new to the colonial stage, has given mueh study to the part of Talbot, and acts very carefully. He is languid and feeble, weak-minded, but with oc casional flashes of a keen mother wit. His shambling gait is exaggerated too much, for a young aristocrat might be depended on to walk decently, if he did nothimr else. Mr. Holloway plays Charles Middlewick very successfully, though he scarcely makes as much of the characer as might bo ex pected. Few companies play better together, and are mora thoroughly adequate than this small Bcott-Siddons Com pany, and we only regret that their numbers are too small for Sbakesperlan pieces. We must not omit'to commend the instrumentalists, who agreeably relievo tho moments when tho drop-scene is down. ViCToniA THEATRE.-Shakespeare's fine historical play. "Henry the Eighth," has continued Mr. Creswick's magnifi cent series. ThoEpilogue originally appended tothispiay, and attributed by many to Ben Jonson, intimates that Hus drama ought to be a special favourite with the ladies, alie presentation of a virtuous and unfortunate lady, Queen Katherine, should attract tho sympathy of the fair sex ; but if the original company had any Creswick among thom to ant Wolsey, they need not have feared to secure masculine applause. Mr. Creswick and Miss Bowring, as.Wolsey ana the Queen, have given very fine renderings of these onaroo ters. Pressure of space compels UB to defer a Killer notice until next week. ' THEATRE ROYAL-Mr. and Mrs. George Darrell have been playing another sensation drama, arranged by Mr. Vatreu. "A Struggle for Freedom" proves attractive to a certain v class of play-goers, although it has little to commena. it to lovers of legitimate drama. The devotees of miss Braddon are having a series of entertainments that must be exactly to their taste, and they can always depend upon Mr. and Mrs. "Darrell playing the principal parts very effectively. TUE GUH.DHAI.1, GHOST pleases everyone who visits ii« haunts, and in spite of the great attractions elsewhere during the ¡past week, itsjpopularity has increased. Mr.-UArcy Read's entertainment is well worthy of extended patronage. TITE MARIONETTES AT THE SCUOOI. OF AKTS.-These ex tremely popular puppets have been extensively patroniseu during tueir stay at tho School of Arts, and the .various portions of their . programmes have always given unqualified satisfaction. The musical portion wini which the entertainment opens, has always c?ntal1no? some capital songs nnd harmonized pieces, w»10'»,,^ * always been sung in a manner ontitling the artists "o'"T the scones to moro than ordinary pr aise. Tho ontios ot tue " corner,men" and the Jnterlocutnry .witticisms M'ould LUO nn discredit1 to the Georgias or any (Other, minstrels, v The familiar nursery legend " The Babes in .the Wood," is also made the vehicle for some beautiful scenery; most puzzling «ind'clever performances by the Marionettes, who walk and dance, and do everything but talk, as like «« life while " the dialogue is capitally managed for th« " dead heads" by the eleven " living" heads . who To not appear to public gaze. The skeleton is one ?of those extraordinary mechanical contrivances - which caa best be_ appreciated when seen. The. fantoccini create roars of laughter, and puzzles the youngsters amaz ingly, while their screams of laughtershow how highly their antics amuse and delight them. The pantomimic arrangement' caa only- be surpassed by the " real" article in a larger, stage, : where,however,neither well-fed clown or "lean and slip pored" pantaloon could survive the performances their 'diminutive representatives go through. To-night (Fri day) a largo and very pretty painting' of Crural' scenery is offered for the, "best : conundrum v on the Morionettos, to which, however, the. somewhat "puzzling 1S.B. Is attached-"local authors please not competé." This will somewhat exclude tho- whole scot and lot of competitors, for I presume whoever sends in a conundrum will in all probability be the local author thereof. The Anal matinee will take place to-morrow (Saturday) afternoon, at half-past 2o'clock. . .' ilBV. CHARLES CLARK OW WESTMINSTER' ABBEÎT.-Dur ing the week Mr. Clark has been lecturing in the Masonic ¡Hall on Westminster Abbey and. Bord Macaulay. The first .lecture on Monday night was densely crowded, and every evening since the hall has been well filled. This accom . plished lecturer is a recognised favourite in Sydney, and . there was great eagerness to hear his new lecture on West minsterAbbey. The subject was one that well suited his .style, for in the varied associations of the venerable fabric lie had abundant choice of episodes to mention and illustrate. He commenced by a somewhat formal elaboration of the thought that the relics of tho post only interest us when their 'associations are clothed with a perpetual youth. Then ho pictured tho marshes that once occupied tho greater part of modern london. Edward tho Confessor, with his venerable white beard, and clothed from head to foot m white, was.presented to our vision as he crossed the Abbey . .precincts.,. The death of King Harold on the field of Seulac, .'and the prostrate form of Saxon Edith weeping over his "corpse, were vividly described, although the connection with the Abbey was not very intimate. The modern Abbey was due to the architectural love of Henry III., but we heard with astonishment that it was the cause of the establishment . of the House of Commons. There were many influences that 'impelled Earl Simon de Montfort to summon a House of Commons, and to become the aristocratic chief of a liberal -party, to adopt modern phraseology, and the financial op \- pression of Henry was only ono of them, but even vthat was not principally caused by the building of the Abbey. The relatives of tho Queen, and the other foreign favourites of the Queen, obtained from the King ton times what ho spent on the Abbey; and this waste of tho royal resources over tho foreign subjects of the crown, was a great; cause of discontent. Tho coronation of the boy-king. Richard "H., and his subsequent deposition, led tho lecturer to an In-; terestlng digression in oonnection with the events of his; reign. The rising of tho Kentishmen, Wat Tyler's rebellion,' tho hostility of the peasants to the lawyers, were vividlyand' humourously described."~ Shakespeare's farewell of Edward ,'the. Fourth's queen to her little boy when taken from West minster by his uncle, was pathetically delivered. The crown ing of Anno Boleyn was finely contrasted with her melan choly fate. The coronation of Elizabeth, the funeral of Blake were the conclusion of tho series of episodes, which were fol lowed by brief and effective allusions to tho warriors and ? statesmen, tho poets uud novelists, whoso sacred dust rests be neath the Abbey floor. The references to those whose works and lives Mr. Clark has mado a special study, were especially felicitious. In thegravesof Thackeray, Dickens, . and Macaulay, every Englishman hus a personal Interest, and tho ugh he may not have dropped a tear over the slabs that bear their names, in Westminster Abbey, ho loves to hear how and when they were buried. It would be easy to point out tile long roll of great men whose names passed un ; mentioned by Mr. Clark, but it would be impossible for any roan to exhaust such a subject in a Bingle leoture, and we do ; not quarrel with the lecturer's choico of periods and persons. ',We would only direct his attention to the Intimate ;connec ^ tirih between the building of tho Abbey and tho great re : Uglous movement of the time, directed by the Franciscan monks, at Oxford. Mr. Clark's great success is due very lirgelyto his judicious arrangement of the materials that . lie in profusion at his hand. He is a master of tho art of quotation. His own " glowing poetio periods" are open to grave objection from a critical point of view. Ho con tinually adopts a metrical cadence, which ls any: thing but a merit in oratorical prose. He is frequently redundant, and almost always too ornate, in delivery, his least ambitious portions are the most successful ; his more sustained efforts aro too palpably .recitations. He is an orator, but entirely an artificial ono. He delivers with admirable force tho sentences which he has r carefully learned by heart ; but he has no flo w of Jwords well ing up in a copious stream. His pathos is melodramic, ex oept int a few instances, such as his description of lady ' Augusta Stanley's funeral. In spite of tlieso points ¡of style and delivery to which we feel bound to take exception, we recognise Mr. Clark asamost brilliant lecturer, rendering the greatest service by encouraging hero-worship, and by in . fusing the spirit of historie sympathy among people who ( would otherwise remain content with the petty interests of ' everyday life. 