A SCHEMING MAIDEN. IN Olinton, Illinois, there was a lovely maiden, say of 35, who fell desperately in love with a young man, and to prove the disinterested rapture she felt for him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she hinted, as only a lady of 35, anxious to marry, can, that he was the finest man she ever came across, and could make any woman happy by the simple means of a preacher and a license. But the rich young man didn't see it; he didn't nibble, and, in faot, he stayed away from her in u most unproposing manner. Bnt ! it was an enterprising maiden, and so she went through some five hundred novels in search of a good way to catoh a rich young man with a matrimonial lasso, for, as the couple in a novel always marry, it is safe to conclude that the courting muBt be good whioh results al ways in suocess. Well, at last the fair reader came to the " Romance of a Poor Young Man," wherein the point is that the P.Y.M., being locked in a moonlit tower with a | young lady, jumps off the tower at the risk of hiB life, sooner than stay up there and thus compromise the lady. " I have it," said the fair reader, clos ing the book, and going to the sexton of a lonely Methodist Church whioh stood some miles in the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she managed to wheedle him out of the key to the steeple, whioh was high, had a spiral stairway inside, and only one window. Then the rich but cool young man and designing lady were seen one afternoon riding along the road, and, stopping at the lonely ohuroh, to go up in the steeple and view a fine article of sunset. The oouple climbed the stairs, and stood at the single window admiring the lovely scene until the sun went down behind the west, and the twilight crept o'er moorland and lee (see any novel or poem for minute description). Then the rich young man began to get Bkittish and wish be was at home, so he imparted a gentle hint to his oompanion that they had better go, <fco. Now, the lady had locked the door of the Bteeple, assuring the young man that it was the sexton's imperative oommand. Down the steep narrow staircase they came, and at the bottom the lady felt for the key in her pocket, but no key was there. " Gracious me," says she, in a most histrionic manner, " if I haven't gone and dropped the key out of the window, i It's fifty feet to the ground. What will I beoome of us t To stay in this steeple all night with a man and show myself afterward unmarried would kill me," and she fell on the young man's breast in a . paroxism of weeping. | That young man was oool and business-1 like. He waited until she turned off the water, then kindly seated her on (he lowest step and started upstairs. I "HeavensI Joseph-Jear Joe,-you aint going to jump T" " Not if I know it; you juBt wait" Presently he returned with a bright smile on his faoe and the bellrope under j his arm. Gently, bnt firmly, he took that thirty-five-year-old young maiden upstain to the window, and, in spite of her entreaties and cries, tied the rope about her waist and lowered away. The conventional ploughman, homeward plod ding his weary way, saw, as the moon rose, a parti-oolored ghost descending the face of the churoh-Bteeple, and he began to plod Cuter, and at the same tine whistling a tune to keep up his courage. But curiosity, stronger than fear,.oaused him to take just one more look at the apparition; and what was his surprise to oehold, against the sfeeple,!two bared and stripped objects that loomed like the clown's legs in the circus. The plough man stood rooted to the ground, and then down came ghost number two, ar.d, as it was a dprk and masculine-looking object, the ploughman rallied from hiB fright and approached the spot, when he beheld a My and gentleman quarrelling, and the lady calling the gentleman a " horrid wretch." No cards. 