$mm. l'EEMATUKE BUfilALS. Thx difference between death and a state i of trance— or, as tbe Germans put it, foil and Hchtinto&l;—bu never been quite clearly understood by tbe generality of mankind. SoBlety, which sometimes does Us best lor the living, does not always do its best for the dead (or those who appear to be deed),. and he would bs a* bold man who. without' statistics, should assert that men, women and children are never, by any vhanoe, buried alive In the British Isles. Are the bodies of the poor always examined with, ears' before bnnal r Are deaths properly , Verified in days of epidemic, that is to »ay, in days oi tonal panic T ' I propose in this artiole to call attention toaiew initanoesol premature burials on tbe ooaUntnt of Europe'; Instances wtiieh; ttVolre ' stories ot .tranos, or SeMwto*— »j tnnce.'tbe ssmblanoe ol death,'li'oiain'g its' sway' over the human tody for hours and days, and not merely for minutee, as in the case of ordinary fainting fits. In days when land is dear, end bnrtal rights are Icbs taored than tbe rights' of builders tndeon trsctors, coffins bsve been opened with tbe pink-axe, in the act ol converting cemeteries into streets and gardsns, Here a grave lias been discovered whose inmate has tnrned in its shroud ; here a oorpse clutching its hair in a strained and unnatural position ; dead men and dead women lying in their graves ae dead men never lie in a Christian land at tbe moment ol burial. Tie preenrnplion is that these people have been legslly mur dered. A few months ago a young and benulifu! woman, on the eve ol her marriage with the man she loved, wsb buried In tbe neighbour hood of Iiodl, in Piedmont, in aocurdsnoe with the doctor's certificate. The doctor was ot opinion that the girl bad died from excitement— over-joy, it is «sid, at the pros pect ol being married, but the legal name lor the catastrophe was disease ot the heart, and with thie verdict her plaoe in society was declared vacant. When tlio first Bhovellul ol earth was thrown down on the cuffiu, strange noises were besrd proceeding therefrom, ' as of evil spirits disputing orer the body ol the dead.' The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing ; Cut the bridegroom, loss euperetitious than the others, ineisted on the coffin being anttkilei. This w» done ; but too late ; the girl was fouud in an. attitude of horror and pain impossible to desoribe ; her eyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her bauds clutching ber bair. Life was extinct ; but vi lien laid iu her ebroud tbe day before, her eyes were closed, her bands were .folded on her breaitt as if in prayer. ' The 'Modioal Aoademy' of Milan, in one of its weekly reports, publitbed on Wednes day, 22nd March, 1818, quotes a case .of trance whioh occurred to an ex-nun ol the suppressed convent of St. Orsolii, named Luoia Marini, The lady wbb taken ill, and, to all outward appearance, died ; she was known to be subject to a peculiar kind of fit, whioh required peculiar treatment, and was staying at the time of the catastrophe in the Iioubo of a friend, who had been a nun. The liecchini (grave-diggers, who iu this case were the undertakers) insisted on huryiug tbe body belore night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, urging that Bbe mutt first try. the effect of friction and mustard plasters applied to feet and stomach. Fear ing to lose their fee, tho men of death waxed wroth in their contention, and, seizing tbe body by the shoulders, were about to drag it out ol its bed, when the 'dead lady,' moaning and muttering inarticulate Bounds, turned restlesBly on her pillow. The friend of Lucia Matiui broke out intoprayete, in-. terrupted by tears ; the men let go their hold, and one of them (the elder of the two) orotsed himself devoutly. The other, with a great oath, declared it was ' spasms :' tbe dead, in hie opinion, being liable to con vulsive movements if not properly straight ened. But humanity prevailed over igno rance, and cupidity g&vo; way to midical skill. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medical practitioner of the neighbourhood, and lived for many a long day to. tell the story of her osoape from tho tomb. ' Another coBe in point in that of Cardinal Espiuosif, some time president of Oaslille. Philip the Beoond; King ol Spain, one day, iu a moment of irritation, sa'dretBed him as follows :—' Cftrdinul, take heed \ Yoj ave speaking to the President of Oasttlle.' The cardinal understood that be was diimiised frcm office (tbe king being his own presi dent), and fell to the ground as if stnnn.ed. The pulse showed no tigns of life; tbe parted lips emitted no breath— the king's wrath bad elaln hie minister. It was de oideJ that the unfortunate cardinal ehould be out open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and commenced his operations, when, lo! in the midst ol the eutling tbe patient awoke, and, with screams Of agony attempted to straggle with bis operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired before the comforts ot religion could be administered to him; ' ? ' ' In Borne toBtanoeB the viotims of trance have been known to rise ont of tbeirooffins. & case is1 recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed in her ooffln, in her parents', house, and .there kept duly dreBte&tor; tbegra-ve, with ihe lid of ibe coffin still unnailed. While the family were at cupper she appeared in her winding-sheet at the parlour door ;.pale tmd frightened, but fair to eee,*s before-bet supposed deith. Father and mother BBd'Bisler. stsrtet op with odes of, horror, aud.xoshed out of the room by another door, believing her to be a ghost. ;? It waa only alter a 'long interval, during ?'whioh they entered and found her at the table,, sating aud drinking, that they peraUBded themselves tbatibefiirl still lived. They found ber coffin empty ; ergo, tbe ghost in the .parlour was a living soul 1 The doctor, the priest,, and the undertaker saw tbe error of their ways, and the deed was cancelled which deolared -the lady a corpse. On tbe following year another seed was made out lor the eame lady, and the. same priest officiated, but not tbe doator or tbe undertaker. The lady was married, and lived to be' the mother of many ehililren. But let us go back a oentury ot two in ibese inquiries.. W» oommpon the story of the Abb6 J?r&r6t;, author o! 'ilanon Les., xsut,'»nd, earlier still, upon.' that ot Be trareu. :.;? ;^ . -. .. ' -.': . ? :.-: . iPrev6t wat ioond in a forest, one' fit.* summer's r'dsy, tin ? .state of oomplete un i-bD«cionsne-«./.' Ihe . village v^ootor, who examined the; tody, deolared that life was iitinot, and commenced what he was pleased to term his poiUtoorUh examination. - Bat at the first throat of the inifo the unlnoky .author -awoke, and, with a piercing ehiiek, gave .'np.. the ,j?host. ' Brobier, the . iio eraphetof PrSvOt, deplores this event as*' eerjouB Iobs to literature, -'ilanon tea taut,'.whioh Joles Janin eomplaoently calls the 'Paul and Virginia' ol vice, might, he opines, have h«d a enoeesior, if not a rival, J«rrara*wenty .hours .in ajtate of traaoe, atii jraB;tobe buried on-i the. eompletioh of ih» timelaM down bj Uw.itUat «b to say in font boan, imi * inaasn ch»nn «i tm peroture canwdbim-to «tarfn» in his bed. Xewniplsineaoftheeiraughtandreprimarjded his attendant*, They bad allowed a onrrent of cold air to' fall on his cooehi Perhaps if tbe door bad,b«n kept abut, the poet, show ing no eljrul of aBimation^ would have been buried that day. Peirsreh would have been defrauded of a large portion ot his life, and tbe world would have lost, in oaneegaenoe, some of its finest sonnets. . Mlason.inbls 'Medical Anecdotes', tells a story of a lady, who, in 1677, wai buried alive in Cologne. This lady was tbe wife of a consul, and wu plaoed in tbe family vaalt in my attire with rings on her fingers and a golden chaln£ronnd her neek, as on .her wedding-day., Bobbers repaired to her grave at dead of night to steal her, jewellery, and were' taking tbe rings from her fingers,' which were damp and swollen, when the lady awoke, ano\ sitting bolt upright, as if gtlvsnbid, itaiea ana smiled at ber visitors. One of the tbrke men fell down in a fit, fearing the devil ot his sgenoy, and the others took to their bsels ' as if pursued by fiends.' The lady walked home, and was received by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of joy, and lived for maDy »long|day in health and happiness. In Ihe ClinrobSof the* Holy Apostles, at Co logne, is a picture of tbe epngul* wjfe waking bom the tomb, but tbe event is as cribed to a mlraole, and death, not a tr anoe, is the subject of the picture. . But tbe resuscitated victims of apparent death do not always return safe and soond— hale in body and in mind — from the land ot shadows. A carabineer in the Pops'* .ser vice, named XnlgS Yittori, was, not)ong ago, conveyed lotbeBoniaa hoipJtaljaijoVUiere, after a few dsye*^BtntetflliJrlJig, Hgistered Iks ^ead, hls^xliavaM 'being ,' asthma.'* A doctor, glariolug at the body, fancied he' de tected signs bl We in it. A lighteo taper «as applied to the nose of the carabineer (a mirror was applied to bis month; but all without success. The body was plpctfea fend beaten, tho taper was again applied, and so often and eo obstinately that the nose was burnt, and the patient, quivering in all his frame, drew short spasmodic breaths— sure proofs, even to a non-professional witness, that the eoldier was not' altogether dead. Tbe doctor applied other remedltu, and in a short time the oorpee was declared to be s living man. Lnigi Tittori left tbe hospital to resume his duties - an carabineer, but bis nose — a Bosrrcd and crimson beacon on bis face— told till he died (wbioh was soon after wards) the ead story of his tare in tbe very jaws ol tbe giave. Stories are told of men who, after sentence ol death at the hands o! the doctors, returned to life blighted in intellect. Some ol these viotims ol mtdioal Incapacity were men of poeliiuu in society, but others — the great majority — wore poor sna* Itimilesa. Hos pital oases have principally to do with tbe poor, and in hospitals in warm oountries, patients who show eigns ol approaching dissolution ate quickly diapoael of. Cainillo de Lellis, tbe founder of unorder ol hospital njonts.OT brothers o! charity, speake in bis memoirs of the frequency ol premature burials in Italy. ' Ah, merciful God 1' he exclaims piously, ' bow many living men and women are annually taken to tbeir graves in this Ohrimian country I' Oamillo was uf opinion that tbe victims might be numbered by many eoores— nay, by hundreds — in the course of a single year. One day, alter visiting the. beds ol the nick in a certain hospital in Lombard y'ot which tho nnme has been left in blank, OoBiiiio entered the morgue, and found strewn upon tbe floor a great number of oorpses, one of which was bleeding profusely from the head, A dead man cannot bleed in this way, thought Oamillo, and bad tbe body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive, ind bat for an accident would have reoelved burial. lie had been thrown to the ground with some violenee a a short time previously, and then and there receiving tho wonnd above alluded to, recovered consciousness. But lie only sur vived his eontenoe of death three days ; he died at the blow wbioh bad awakened him from biB trance. . *- '? But there are double deaths— twofold burials— wbioh are perhaps the most horrible of all. Society thinks it is burying one per son, but tbe 'deceased,' being a woman, may from Ibe point ot view of maternity include two lives, or even moro. Gasparo ltejOB tells tbe story cf a child born in tbe tomb whoBe mother was buried alive. The lady was the wife of a man of property named Franoesoo Orvallos, and 'died,' while far advanced in preguanoy, during her husband's absence. Orvallos, returning home tbe day alter the fnneral, had the tomb onenod. not because he eusnected foul play, but because he wished to gaze once more on tho faoe of bis beloved. Tho lady was in truth dead, but death had tianepired in the grave, A child, struggling into existence, met the gaee of the bereaved hus band, and was removed without difficulty by a medical assistant. The mother waB once more oonsigned to the dust, bnt the child lived to be a man, and carrying till biB death the name of ' Fruit ol tbe Earth,' occupied lor several years the post of lieutenant-general on tbe frontiers ol OhercE. Thie etory is reproduced by the late professor Oomi iu his treatise ou ' Apneology.' Those who doubt it have only to read the. following atibount ot what is , called ' Involuntary Homicide,1: whioh happened in tbe South of Italy (at Castel del Giudioe) in November laBt, «nd of which accounts were pnblithed at tbe time in the Neapolitan and English papers. . . - 