\- EmGTlbN-lllEETING. ~ ~~L meeting iof'electors to hear the views of candidates for,t^ Alhert District cat the current political qd&rtli;&fi;&'of the day was held at the Institute Hail cat Thursday last, mere was a large attendance of. electors. , - , . ., - >-i Mr. E. R. Peake'(Chairman of the -Hhrracobrie District Council) said that, a meeting of electors, was held a few weeks ago,,.when aGonmiittee- was appointed to arrange for-a mebfetng to hear the views of candidates^. :3hhy? ddlldd Aa meeting foxthat evening, andrhp jwaa glad to see so many in. attendance, "and trusted they would- - be favoiQdlthat night with the views of any candidates present. After reading &e-ad;\wrtB3sm&t4convenmg; the meeting,hepropo3echt!hat Mr. F. W. Davison should takethedsair, Mr. Davison -declined the proposed honour, as he thoughtdKa&Mr.; Peake by virtue of his office as Chairman of the ."District Council should occupy that position.. Mr. T.Ding seconded the proposition that Mr. Davison be Chairman. The proposition was put end carried unanimously. Mr. Davison said they might carry a ; proposition in his favour; but he was afraid they would have to tarry him into the chair before . h« would act. He still thought Mr. Peake was the proper person . to put in the chair. • ' Mr. Peake would, rather than allow the meeting to lapse, take the chair. The meeting, he said, was called to hear the political views of candidates.- He would. read a letter he received from Mr. Hardy, apologising for his absence. It was as follows :— Mount Lofty, March 16, 1878. E. R. Peake, Esq., Chairman Election Committee, Narracoorte. Sat,—! beg to thank you for the intimation of the meeting, to be held on the 14th inst.; and if it were possible, should have attended the meeting with the greatest pleasure. As, however, the date of the election is not yet known, and it would be impossible for me to go down to Narracoorte twice before the election, I "beg you will Tead this letter to the meeting apologising, for my inability, to be present oh the 14tli. As soon as -the date of-the election is known X -shall fir the date when Icin attend the electors in the various localities. As my views and past ■iactions are well known it will be of less " consequence my being unable to attend ' 1 meeting on the.l'4th inst., and 'it will alfoid. the electors a'better opportunity of , hearing the views of new candidates. 1 have the honor to be, Yours very faithfully, Aethoe HAEDT. He'also read the following telegram. • . ; from Mr.j R. W. E, Henning, who was . invited to become a candidate by the " Election Committee :— "Letter received too. late to-reply definitely. Letter by early post." .{There might be some present who hqd ■ replies from.other candidates; or there might be candidates present ready to address the meeting. If so he was sure ' the meeting would be glad to hear the replies read or listen to the. views of any i . candidate. ' Mr. ©avison understood that Messrs. \- 'Hinckley and Hutchison had been re-, questted-ro come forward. He would like" -1 ~' Ti Hko know, if .any replies^had .been received from them. - . The Chairman said they had been invited ' ' '• to Stand at a public meeting, and.had also.. beenrequisitionedsome two or three 'weeks , ago ;,but asfar as he knew they hpd not as yet seen fit to reply. J.;'.-: Alter a pause, „ , . The Chairman thought as there were no candidates coming forward^ he would refer to a few questions: which would be well for the electors to consider. At a meeting of the Election Goumiittee, -Mr. H.- L.-Sprigg submitted to them a 'platform' or 'ticket,' and it was agreed ' that candidates should give satisfactory answers to the; questions contained in it. He had since \- suggested to Mr. Sprigg the advisability of adding other points. He thought the iuatter of giving bonuses to manufactories, especially woollen, should receive atten- . . .. tion.- Woollen factories were cairied-<m- near Adelaide, and in Victoria.., .and ' * - ■ Sydney there were several, all paying-well, and giving employment to many thons. andi There was plenty of wool grown, around Narracoorte ; and he could see no reason-why Narracoorte should not have _ a mill. - There vasva nioch chance of one ' paying here as anywhere else. Then there was the great necessity fbtlpcal insolvency courts. At present creditors of an insol- . vent estate could, only attend the investigation at an enormous expense- tb- themselves, whereas if they had a circuit . insolvency court, creditors could attend personally, and investigate the affairs of insolvents for themselves. Anotherreform they greatly wanted was a re-adjustment of the Border duties. He believed if the matter was taken up heartily it would lead to an amicable arrangement being arrived . at between the colonies concerned.v Mr. Davison could not help. .thinking^ thatthis "meeting was like the.: play, .-of , " Hamlet," without the ghost. Theyhad been called together to listen to the-yiews . - of candidates, and the Chairman had given'': his views instead. He , shoulddike ?to loiow if Messrs. Hinckley aiid Hutchison bad received notice of the meeting. The Chairman said only one candidate had announced himself yet, and he had sent an apology for not being present. ; Nqitiier. Mr. Hutchison nor Mr. Hinckley hadiepliedto the requisitions presentedto them, as far as he knew. These" gentle- men could not help seeing the .-advertismeut <2aJling the meeting ; and of .they interod^ becoining candidates hegphonght the invitations from .the. public meeting, Derequisitions from the electom, ;ah(lthe noticccalling the meeting, was a sufficient intimation. - ' Mr. C. Jones asked if they had> sigmfied their intention of being prefcent that V . night. . i *. The Chaarman explained that" they were ' not in the field"as candidates, and of' course had not signified their intention of being present:J Mr. A. J. Davies moved a vote of con- J fidence in Mr. .Hardy as a representative of the district, and of thanks to him for his \- courtesy in intimating to the electors liis intention to stand, yfluch he considered r ' contrasted greatly with the conduct of thnse geutlemen who had been honoured . with reqnisitions, but who had not thought -fit to acquaint the electors with their ■ }.J ^fr/Hl-Holmes seconded. Tile Chairman, in putting the proposi' 7 tipn, eulbgispd Mr. Hardyas having been . : tin excellent, painstaking, and honest representative in the past; and had not the leaBt doubt he would as ably represent the: district in the future if elected. \- - ; The Chairman called -for a show of . hands i and theinotionwas declaredcarried wUbbne dissentient—Mr. Wignell. \- The mesting. which was over by 9 o'clock, was »djonmed until arrrange1 \- > jhente bdnld'be made fbr the attendance ■x"y&ti;&aiama;*1'*: . . : 1 