THEATRE ROYAL. MR. CRESWICK AS HAMLET. Of coarse it was to be expected that Mr. Creswick would play Hamlet, and naturally every one who had seen him previously in other parts was anxious to witness bis appearance in tnis conlessediy most dimcoit role. &s; a con sequence, on Wednesday night, when ' Hamlet' was announced, a brilliant house assembled within the walls of the theatre. The majority of those present must have been tuily satisfied with the performance, and those whose expectations had not been of a very glowing nature must have felt that their antici pations had be«Q far more than realized in every respect. When due allowance is made for the fact that with Mr. Creswick the heyday of tho blood is passed, and that our ideal of the Danish Prince, ' the glass of fashion and the mould of form,' is essentially a youug zoau, all who wit nessed the powerful impersonation of the role as presented by Mr. Creswick will agree that his Hamlet deserves to rauk high amongst those of the leaders of the profession. The endurance required to playsuch a heavy part with any degree of spirit is in a man of Mr. Creswick's years something to be marvelled at, and if his voice and action lack in some degree the freihness and vivacity «f youth, tha loss is to a great degree compensated for by the study and polish dis played in each sentence of the text aud the ap propriateness and grace of each gesture. These are acquirements which nothing but intelligent stiHy and life-long practice can confer. The devoted attention that has been given to perfecting the character is apparent throughout, and though on the whole Mr. Creswick's reading coincides with those of Kean and Brooke rather than with that of the Kechterian school, to which Montgomery and Fairclough belonged, yet there are compromises. For instance, in dressing the part, though Mr. Creswick retains the tunic of black velvet and bugles, with the long cloak, he wears a flowing flaxen wig, blonde moustache, and small double pointed beard. In some of the disputed points in the text he follows modern usage, but in others retains the words as they were formerly rendered. Thus he says a ' god kissing carrion' net a good kissing carrion, and ' I know a hawk from a bern shaw,' not handsaw ; but in the celebrated soliloquy, ' To be or not to be,' he says ' the stings and arrows' instead of ' slhgi and arrows,' and ' sea of troubles,' not ' sitge.' For this he certainly has authority ; still it must be admitted that the metaphor is somewhat mixed iD th« elder versions, but ' ? . ' Whether tis nobler in the mind to suffer The slings and arrows of outrageous fortune, Than to take arms against a siege of troubles, And by opposing end them'. ; carries out the idea of an assault against the brain of an army of troubles. In the same -soliloquy we are at a loss to understand why Mr. Ores wick interpolates several words not in the text which do not itnprove the metre. There are several alterations in the usual business of the play from what we bave been accustomed to. In the ghost scene a very good effect is obtained by making the' apparition when on the ramparts disappear behind a buttress, which then becomes transparent, and the ,^ spirit ad dresses its speech to Hamlet in view of the audience with a limelight ' thrown apon it. This is certainly effective, but it has the counterbalancing disadvantage that Hamlet being in shadow and with nis ? back for the most of the time to the audience the workings of his countenance cannot be seen. Possibly as thej limelight was not working well on the first representation this was a defect which may be obviated. In Act 3 the play - scene is differently set. The archway which serves as the players' stage is set on the prompt side, the King's and Queen's chairs being put well over to the o.p. side. Stools are placed for Hamlet and Ophelia in the centre well back. By this arrangement the onlooker has the advantage of always seeing Hamlet's full face, but from both sides portions of the audience bave some difficulty in seeing what is going on at the wings next to them. In the scene with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern the bringing in of the pipe was much more naturally done than is usually the case. As a rule Horatio walks in with the pipe in his hand without any apparent motive bnt that of bringing it to Hamlet, who seems to be waiting for it. A few minutes before, at the abrupt termination of the play, Hamlet has said to Horatio — 'Come, some music; come, the recordus .'' Mr. Creswick makes Horatio return during Hamlet's scene with the two spies,bripgiDgin the musicians,from one of whom the Prince takes his instrument, warning the last comers away, and then goes on with the illustration of his thought by means of the pipe. The Queen's room, where she meets her son, was also a new. feature. It was en closed with an arras— properly so cilled— that is, it was a portion of a larger apartment screened off .by medieval tapestry, with a small table and crucifix in one corner, near which are the full-length pictures of the late and reigning king. In front of the crucifix and also of his father's portrait Hamlet sinks nron his knees after his mother has left the room. In these days, when we have so much cint about the decadenc« of the stage, it is pleasing to find that notwithstanding the exceedingly inclement weather such a number of people ehould show their appreciation for high class drama by turning ont to see it presented by one who is known to be a fitting expo nent of our greatest dramatist's masterpit*. On the question of the true condition of Hamlst's mind it is not necessary now to speak. It has been conceded that for making the stage representation less beset with difficulty Hamlet shall be caused to assume the appearance of madness to serve bis purpose. This the author doubtless intended that his hero should do, for, as we have before said, we believe th3t Hamlet's mind was really unhinged, and that he suffered from what is now known as dementia, whicb would cause him to appear perfectly s*ne at times and even permit him to make use of bis malady as a cloak for his designs. It is to be hoped that the time is not far distant when some histrionic genius will arise who will be able to reconcile the apparent contradic tions and present us with an unmutilated Hamlet. It is nonsense to say that it would be impossible to act it effectually from this standpoint. Shakspeare was too great a master of his art to have placed language in the mouth of his great character which could not properly be given as a whole. It would be just as sensible to suppose that one of the great musical composers would have written a composition which he knew could not be performed. In both cases the high quality of the work throws difficulties in the way of its production, but it is to be rendered as written, and when properly so rendered must be most effective. Mr. Creswick has, we think, seen that the ustud ideal of Hamlet as a sane man Lt not the correct one, and gives the imDression at times that he conceives the actions of the unfortunate young Prince to have been swayed by an ungovernable frenzy, and yet when the fit is past thnt he was to all intents and purposes a sane man. With this idea he makes a distinction between Hamlet's melan choly and passion in the earlier scenes and his bursts of bitter anguish and wild excitement iu the latter acts. The shock which his mind receives on seeirg his father's spirit and having his worst suspicions so supernaturally confirmed was forcibly presented. All through tne first scene with the ghost Mr. Creswick wan visibly restraining himself, yet h* so worked on the feelings of the aulieuoe that many had the greatest difficulty in withholding their applause until the proper time. The distraction of the overstrung mind was finely depicted at the close of the first act in the scene with Horatio and Mircellun, and when the curtain fell there was a loud shout of applause and Mr. Creswick was recalled. In the soliloquy, ' Oh, what a rogue and peasant slave am I,' the strong overmaiteriog pa uton was very powerfully represented ; but we missed the little touch of intense pathetic grief with which Montgomery used to render the words ' KLndless villain,' where the wronged and sensi tive man falls into a seat overcome by hi* emotion. At the end of this act there was also ?n r nUiaaiaatic recall. Beforrace has slready been made to tha monologue 'To be or not to be.' It was delivered very slowly and im pressively, but was not so effective m other portions. In the scene with Ophelit Mr. Orw wick achieved a triumph. He showed the con dieting emotions with which the breast of the weak-willed young Prince was wrong in an unmistakable manner, and depicted Hamlet for the time being as quite beside himself and irresponsible for bis actions. The intense agony with which he repulses yet clings to the one woman in the world whom ne loves was very touching, and evoked demonstrative tokens of appproval. The play-acene and closet-scene were also splendid samples of histrionic abHiry. In the latter the effect oa the house was painfully im pressive, and the fall of the curtain was felt to be a relief. The final scenes were in keeping with tboae which had preceded them, and at the end of each set the veteran actor was called oat and cheered to the echo. All who were present will, we feel sore, agree that to have seen Mr. Oreswick's Hamlet is a treat not often to be had n a lifetime. Space will not permit us to peak of the other performers in this notice, but 11, or nearly all, the roles were exceedingly well filled. 'Hamlet' will be repeated to-night. 