LAW INTELLIGENCE. SUPREME COURT. - CIVIL SITTINGS. Wkdnijsd.vy, Skitijmiiku 4, 1878. (BEfure His Honor; Mr. Justice Dobson and juries of seven.) WIGGINS V. DEGRAVES. This case was continued. Cross examination of plaintiff resumed : There was no ill-feeling between Mr. Duncan, clerk of works, and witness or his men. Witness was not used to have complaints as to his work. Re-examined by Mr. Giblin : A complaint made on April 8 by Mr. Lord, the architect, was remedied, and anything Mr. Duncan desired was at once done. He was constantly inspecting the work. To His Honor : Witness understood the first paragraph of the specifications to mean that he was to pull down the brick building at present on the ground, and carefully stack the materials on the ground. Witness allowed L40 on the job for the material. To the Foreman : The bricks were to be used for the inside filling. The stone, such of it as was good, was to be used in the foundation. The flaws spoken of in the stone are usual. They are not discovered until after they are cut. To His Honor: A wall of the new building was planned to be built on the ground on which the Royal Oak public house stands. William E. Russell remembered plaintiff entering into a contract with defendant. Wit ness, who was clerk to Mr. Lord, was present when plaintiff signed the contract. The speci- fications were read over to plaintiff. Plaintiff complained of the public house being allowed to remain on the land. Mr. Lord told him that it was to stop there until the new building was sufficiently advanced for the business to be transferred. Cross-examined : Mr. Lord told plaintiff of the arrangement before the contract was signed. It was known all along to everyone who had anything to do with the job. Witness heard several conversations between Mr. Lord and plaintiff, all referring to the same matter. On one occasion something was said of a temporary roof being placed over the new building, to be paid for out of the L100 allowed for extras. Witness had heard Mr. Lord complaining in the office several times, both of the work and the workmen. Witness could not remember whether or not Wiggins was present. Re-examined : Witness had spoken to several people on the subject of the case, but not to Mr. Lord. Thomas Wiggins, son of the plaintiff, and a builder : Was engaged at the building from the time the stonework commenced to the suspen sion. Witness had charge of the works in the absence of plaintiff. The work done under witness's supervision was done in a workman like manner, and with good materials. Mr. Duncan actively interfered as the work was going on every day. Sometimes he complained, and when he did so it was altered, except on one occasion. He wanted witness to take a stone out, and witness refused. With that one exception Mr. Duncan approved of the work. Witness remembered the footings being put in. Defendant was there at the time. He told witness to leave off putting in the foundations, as the bottom was not good enough. It had been raining two or three days before, and the ground was soft. Witness stopped putting in the foundations. Before defendant interfered Mr. Lord had inspected and approved of the foundation. Mr. Lord visited the ground afterwards and asked witness why he had knocked off. He said if witness was going to take his orders from Mr. Degraves it was no use his (Mr. Lord) going there. He told witness to go on with the foundation. Mr. Lord used to attend pretty regularly. Mr. Duncan was there all the while the men were at work. Mr. Lord did not always speak to witness. Mr. Lord complained of a header in the wall which was altered to Mr. Duncan's satisfaction. Headers were not provided in the specifications, but witness put them in to make a good job of it. Witness selected the stone sometimes, and Mr. Duncan also selected it. He wanted to put in cut stone as rough stuff, but witness would not allow him. Mr. Lord did not interfere with the filling in and ramming of the foundations. Witness was present the day after the suspen sion. His father asked Mr. Lord what he required doing. He said he wanted six walls taken up after they had been built under the supervision of Mr. Duncan. He had not ob jected to the walls before. Cros-examined : The whole of the stones— the footings— were squared and thicknessed. The stone used was roughly squared. There were not a large number of small levellers put in of shapes and sizes. They were all properly levelled. None of the work had been raised above the ground. Mr. Duncan asked defen- dant to be taken off the work. Witness did Lord had condemned. Witness did use such stone on one or two occasions for packing. That was used in the centre of the walls. Mr. Lord complained by letter, and Mr. Duncan com plained of one of the workmen not being a tradesman. He was knocked off some time after. Plaintiff said he had sent to Launceston for tradesmen, but could not got them. Wit- ness would have liked to have other men, but could not get them. Generally speaking, the men employed were fair tradesmen. Wit ness remembered a complaint about the sand not being washed. It was creek-washed, not done by the hand. He only remembered de- fendant complaining on one occasion of the footings. James Campbell, a mason, who was working at the building, deposed : Any complaints Mr. Duncan made were remedied. Mr. Duncan passed the walls. Witness had not heard Mr. Lord speak to defendant of the unsatisfactory state of the work. Mr. Duncan told defendant that if he could not give satisfaction he had better be taken away. To the Foreman : Mr. Duncan did not make any objection to the ramming and filling in of the walls. John Wiggins, brother of the plaintiff, and a stonecutter, deposed as follows : Was at work at the building from the time the founda tion had been dug out. Mr. Duncan spoke to witness several times as to the character of the stone. He liked the appearance of the stone. He never objected to the stone, and wltness took his instructions from Mr. Duncan. Wit ness saw some cube stone put in which was ordered by plaintiff. Mr. Duncan did not speak to witness about it. Cross-examined : There were no 10-inch stones put in the footings. Witness was dress ing the stones. He was assisted by two apprentices and the previous witness. All the stones used in the building was quarried in its natural bed, and it was put in the building so. There was some stone on the ground which was not fit to be worked, as the quarrymen used to put in any kind to mako a load. Some of the stone was not fit for the walls, and was not used. James Hassett was called. but refused to be sworn until his expences had been certified for. The solicitor for plaintiff agreed to certify for his expenses. He deposed that he was a labour- mg man engaged at the building. He mixed the mortar and assisted to ram the walls. Mr. Duncan told him to ram them well, and he did so. Cross-examined : He was also engaged as quarryman. He did his work by daily wages, There were two other men employed. i . John Rem, >a builder of many years experi- ence : > He know the building iu question, lie .tendered for the construction of the building on the design prepared ..by Air. Lord. For that purpose, he mado himself acquainted with the specifications and plans. Ho viBited the .works a few. days ago. "From tho appearance ot the work, bethought everything was correct anrt done in a workmanlike manner.. Gross-examined : He did not make an exami- nation for the -purpose (if givihc"an opinion.. Wrtness knew, that the old building was to stand. Although fechuedel, who.was .witriess' son-m-law, was the bolder of tho license of the Royal.Oak, witness was the lessee. The con- dtions were, that, tho old building was to stand until the nc w buildiug was sufficiently advanced >m » cense to be transferred, This closed the plaintiffs case. . Mr. Miller addressed the jury for the defence. He said every witness that had been put mto the box had stated that which the defendant contended, viz.— that tho one house was not to be polled dowii'nntil the other was sufficiently advanced to' allow the business to he removed. .Dcfondant' knew it was a dis- .advantage,; and he was prejiared to Jpity for it I he tenant would not go out unless he received smplo compensation.' Defendant was mixioiir to have the building constructed as "quickly na possible, as there were great d.manils in tlmt neighborhood. for addtlqnal hotel accommqda- «?? Ih«re could ho up doubt as to the con- ! : r,?J"inK t "'o puiiitiL- n'1, Suihl"l3- J lJ liuililiilB was. only to bo pujlocl down; as pojuUil out by tlio arcbi- tactouid not as the oontractor liltcil. ' Plalntllf could not bore any, moral, or legal ik-ht. or claim to the building. He was told that lio u ""J10 wcl!. w|tL Uio; work, but l!o SiJli y t" n '"Ivanca on Ids tonder to recoup him. lhe flrrangemeata were Pkbo.ff' i1, tll0 te"''c wore accepted:' Flaiutir. tender was tile lowe.t tender by J;1000' nnd Wed to get the benefit of afl he could squeeze out to profit by ui. of cheap materials and labor. By this means the con tract system was liable to abuse. In the und, the proprietor finds that he had to pay more for the work than 11 he had accepted a larger tender. .Plaintiff win not entitled to tho pos session of the house. In other particulars, tho contract had not been complied with. .Lhe ' timber, which was supposed to bo stacked on : the ground, was unt forthcoming. The neces sary labor was not procured. Tlio quarry from which the stone was taken was not bared until after tho work had bean commenced. If tho contract liuil been rescinded, it was the plaintiff's own doing. Tho architect, iiudmg that the work was not being done pronerly stepped in and stopjied the work. Everybody complained of the work, and the clerk of the works finding lie could- not get the building satisfactorily erected asked to lie takcu away. Testimony would be brought before Litem in substantiation .of. .the defendant's contention. The jury would he convinced that, the L400 paid into court would Iw annilc satisfaction of tho claims of tho plaintiff. It was impossible to learn what sum should he paid into court until tho very eve of the trial, as there were several particulars which could not hs obtained till then. The defendant had not interfered in tiie matter at all, leaving the whole to the architect and professional advisers. Ho called William J lenry Lord, the architect employed by defendant to draw plans anil specifications for tho building. He -advertised for tenders, and. received them from Mr. Rcidond plaintiff. Plaintiff asked witness for a loan before the tender was accepted for tho purpose of makiug up his quantities for tho tender. The first clause read that the old building should be pulled down as pointed out. . . Mr. Giblin submitted that the witness could not be asked to construe the cose, which was the duty of the Court. ' . ' His Honor ruled tlmt tlio question could be put. , . Mr. Giblin asked Ilia Honor to take a note of tho objection. ' The witness explained thut the clauao referred to the building which nt present stands ou tlio ground. Plaintiff asked , wltueui, before he tendered, what he had to pull down, aud ho told him lie was to begin at the lower end of the new building, then remove Schaedcl and pull down tlio old one. The ajiecificntionB were drawn up before the.toudcni yero advertised for. Plaintiff had an opportunity of seeing the specification before lie tendered for tlie work. Witness pointed out the requirements on the, site of tne building. They went into the building, whore they saw ScSmedel. Witness told him what they intended doing. Plain tiff tendered after that, and his tender was accepted. Before he signed the con tract witness told him to distinctly re member wliut was intended. Russell was present. Plaintiff did uot seem to mind it, but signed the contract. He did uot tell witness that lie would not take the job if thnt building remained. The only reason witiiess had iu pressing the arrangement ou Wiggins was to refresh his memory. Plaintiff asked how the building was to be roofed. Witness said there was LI00 allowed for extras, and it could come out of thnt. Witness bad no doubt but that Mr. Wiggins thoroughly understood the con ditions before he signed tho contract/- Witness subsequently atteuded with plaintiff on the site, when tho foundations were ; pegged out. The old buildiug was contained within the ground intended for the new one.' On March V he received u letter from plaintiff asking for the -possession of the old building. Witness told Iriiii that lie could not interfere, as it was mentioned in the contract that tho building should remain. Witness received a loiter sonic time after, but gnve the sumo answer. Plain-' tiff sahl ho was afraid of his men always being in the public-house drinking. Oii nne occasion he threatened to fence the tenant in if ho could not get possession, The trenches wore dug but mid the footings were put in. Tho building was too large to allow the carriage way which was required, nud the building was altered. > Defendnnt did not like the thickness of the walls, nud witness had them altered. .Both wore provided for' ill the siKscilicatiqu. Tliey would be extras, and would he paid, for as such. Witness bad to complain to plain tiff of the first load of stone taken on the ground. It was not (it for the purposes for which it was takes. Witness had several times to complain of the work and material. He condemned some of the stone; and- some of it was ordered to ho removed. On April 8 witness complained of the mortar mid sand. The complaints were not remedied. There wore two or three days' mortar prepared. Tho sand was not washed according to specifica tions. Ho had to complain to plaintiff mid Ids sou of the stone not being according to speci fication, it uot being quarried ou its natural bed. The stones were not squared as required. Plaintiff never remedied thu defect. The con tract was not carried out with respect to the timber. It ought to have been stacked oh the' -oi-.Mnu1.fnr a inont.1i. Thom.wa.-icUtM 'XUpfC was about an eighth of it there. Witness nilmveri a few days for the stacking as plaintiff saiil the vessel was coming up the river. Wit ness had to complain several times of the work (lone. Jhe work was not done according to contract. He spoke of it several time3, but it was not remedied, and he had to stop tho work, J lo complained on one or two. occasions of tho workman employed. There were only one or ;£. .the ground who were any good. Plain- till said he could not get any better men. He premised -to get inon once before, but he did not do so. Plaintiff .still went on fJfTu'l'ff, r 2" cabed plain- till u attention to tbe unsatisfactory state of the work, ami told bin tlmt unless an amend- Vii®"1 ",m(lbo would rescind the contract, .i. lain tiff nsked for an explanation, andwitnusB replied timt the work was not done in accord ance with tho specifications. Portions of tho work were passable, but he could not pass the rest until the defects complained of were, remodied. Uic work was auariomleil until the Work was remedied. The imiiuUtious were composed of common rubble, wliich was not in accordance with specifications. Witness did not tell plaintiff that Mr. Duucan was too mucli iu favor of defendant. Witness appointed to meet the plaintiff at tho building, and, having met Jinn there, jmintod out somo defects in the work, and told liiin that' wheu these were remedied ho might go ou with the rest of the nrt be would do so when ho ii. J i .leM,meinbered liaviug written to , the pIamtiff-oii May fi to tbe effect that if tlu. , c elects complained of were not remedied in 24 days the contract would bo rescinded.'- Plain- tiff answered to the effect that unless: posses- w?' ,of lie Hoyid Oak, Hotel were given to him within three days ho would look upon tho con- tract as unlawfully rescinded by Mr. Dogravcs and would institute legal proceedings, tt was not correct tlmt witness had complained only on mio occasion. Plaintiff once remedied certain defects complained of, /.Witness estimated the value of the work done at L270 Pis. 3d. Ho allowed 12s. for somo timber, though he could have got similar timber at 9s.: He' allowed liberal prices m his estimate. Cross-examined by- Mr. :Gibliii:;' Witness pointed out tho old building to plaintiff, and 1 said it would have to, be pulTcd down, but that he was to begin at the other end of tho allot- inent.- Plaintiff did uot demur. Ho afterwards complained of the inconvenience of having a" beer- shop on the ground. Ho subsequently tendered for the work,' and signed the contract lhe specification was not read out tn him. but it wn« explained to Mm tbat the Royal Oak -was not to b« pulled down at fimfc.- Iw# WB. directed ;by tho first clause to pull tho houso down, but the position of the clause in the specification made no difference. It was-to bo !wm w- '8 110"11®11 )UtH It was arranged, tlmt Mr. iggjns wus to roof in one wine of .the building first, m order that it might be. used as a pnblichouse before the ohl: building was to bo' taken 'down. 7 The K;rL!;OBt 0.,thM r?'i»S' iu the building find been provided for in- tho; contract/ When &? c0".tct was. being signet Mr., Wuruins Rnvam 'U Imvo posHCHsion of the Royal Oak ; but after the signature, he wmte I asiting tor sucli jxwiBOBijon. Witness did not Aoswer the letter. lib saw no reason why ho should do. so. Mr. Wiggins seve- r it- Tes, n.ft«?rwnrds asked witness, ver- noiyi 1 1 i«w««hm of the Royal ?hl 'i.1 II v aa,d lfc wm,W be all tjje . hotter _ if Mr. .. Dcgraves- could get the tonant another house. He never Heard Scliaedcl! asked to go out. Witness did not stop tfio' work, because ho hoped Mr. Wiggins would jmprovo. .There waik: dfapata' abt mbrtlr" w hich had beeii amicably arranged. His wishes about the condemned fstono had noV been; attended to. Duncan, the clerk of ivorks, used to make complaints almost every day ; aud. as wtness could not get tliem remedied; lie was at' length ohhged to stop the works. Tiie walls were not then filled iu und, rammed. Ho had' since measured them, hut had not noticed whether they were, or wero not, filled and rammed—none save'a small portion ordered bv witness. Ho never told Mr. .Wiggins that' lie yfM satisfied with tho i work, v'or rthafc'Duncan' ivas tqn hard on. him. . Witness lmd not com- plained so much fff the deay as -of tho bad PMbrftcter of the work. Somo slighfdelay was pausod by alterations in the marking -out and in the size of tho rooms. -Tho prices, In wit- neiM- csUnwte, ., would allow the, .contractor » fcir profit for lila work. , Tlie.wint' for the new 'bar might be pnt.up in 'about'lO weeks- ' ' The Court was then adjourned to 10 o'clock next day. " " ; TliUIlSDAV, SEPTEiinEH 5. H William Duncan, who had built many Urge I places lu thu colony, was appoiutcd clerk of I works for the building on April fi. Ifo had I not previously read tho contruot and specific,-!. I tions, but ho did so when he entered upon his I duties. ' Witness know the works, as they I stood, which were not dono in cumnliaiico with I thu specifications. There was only a part of I thu footing done in accordance with the spccifi. I cations. Witness found fault with the fimt I stone which ho saw laid, as tho bed was not I properly levelled. Witness always complained I of tho work.- Ho found a largo quantity mortar I mixed on tlio ground, wliich would havo served I for a fortnight. It was not properly made. It I lmd not a prqier projiortion of saud'and lime I atiil the saud was not cleaned. When witness I complained he was not always atteudsd to. I complained of the general- quality of the work I 'and material, nnd tho. workmen. The stono I was notprojierly prepared.- It was not's'iiitable I Thsro were more boys than man employed, anj I witli tho exception of plaintiff's son, were not I good tradesmen. When witness complained I very bad language was used by plaintiff I ami bis men, and witness was defied. I Witness asked defomlant to take hini I away from tho job. Witness aaM plaintiff I to remove one of the men, as ho considered ho I was no tradesman. The inan was disinisHed I tlireo or four days afterwards. Plaintiff isid I kofcould not get any othor men. He said ho I had written to Lnuucostoii . for iaen, hut none I bad come. The walls wero not properly con. I structed, and Mr. Lord wislied portions of I them removed.' Plaintiff said he would do so I wheu he likud. Ou the previous day Mr, Lord I tohl plaintiff that before he continued the work I he must remedy the defects.' The Irtciler I that were used were all sizes. The stone used I was not proper cnarso mosourr, .not tieiug pro- I perly thicknessed.'; Witness had made an esti- I nuto of tho value of the work dona ami I materials. He had a copy of plaintiff's bill of l demand. The total of .witness's' calculation was L42S 4s.. and if ilefeiulnut paid IHOO into coiirt he puiu too much. . .. . ,;i Cross-examined : Witness was a stonemason, but had not acted as clerk of .works...,. Witness understood thoroughly 'tho' specifications and contract Apportion of tlic work in dispute was not mentioiiud iu tho specifications; There I was no incntion made of the levellers.' The ! footings were innde thicker than provided by the specifications. Witness objected to the stone which was used because it was too soft. The walls which witness objected to were nut pre- vlously passed by Miv. Lard; Wituess would have liked to have seen Mr. Lord oftener, as thereby lie would have been enabled to do his duty properly. Mr. Lord did nut give sutfi- uient attention to the work. Tho specifications were rather vague. In such cases there were often disputes. Witness and plaintiff often argued as to what should bo done under the specifications, plaintiff saying that - witness wanted too much. Witness picked out the stones for tho foundation walls. Witness did not think Mr. Lord passed the stone of which he complained to plaintiff. Witness wasalnmt the work so often that ho was familiarly callsd thu "ghost." Witness objected to. the mode in wliich tho trenches were filled in. iWltness told the men to ram the walls, as they were filling thorn in without doing so., Witness wne surprised when, tho work ivae' stopped. Wit- ness did not say that if Mr. Load was away he and plaintiff could get on better.- - ' Bo-exauiined : Witness considered -himself perfectly competent to act as clerk of works. Ho had built tbe : Cascades, tbe Ross clhirch, and other buildings, and bo believed himself ablo to understand, specifications'. ' To tho Foreman j ; Tho work ; of which lie complained could be recti by excavating. The thickening of tho walls would increase the .prico of the work. Henry Hunter, architect, had seen the speci fications, and perused such matters' of it as referred to masonry, also the general conditions. Tlio words M pull down ;the .old -building as pointed out" was nnt a technical expression. It was a very necessary term, and oiic usually employed. Witness lmd inspected the work. As far as witncsB could see, lie' was of opinion thut it was not done iu accordance with the specifications. He referred chiefly to the foundations of the internal walla and a portion of the front. It was not tho character of the work described in tho specifications. It was uot comjioscd of square and thicknessed stone. As far ns ho hud been able to see, they had not been squared and thicknessed. There was nothing said of levellers. Witness would not think it necessary to entirely exclude levellers, but should decidedly object to a con tinuation of leveller as be had seen ou the -walls -built. Some of tiie levellers in the top course were not more than ah inch thick. He would exclude suclt sizes. Witness had made an estimate of the work (produced). Hu hud siuco seen the bill of demand. He fixed as a fair amount for work giving that as value he 'inul' 'iiiclucfod 'the cost L.17 Hs. for stone at the quarry, and L22 I8i 9d. for ' contingencies, . which would bring tlm amount to the roitud sum of L400. There wns not tho quantity of stone on the ground chained oT'ifcPBroumL . Tl' B00, bri<:t» CroB».eM, Mined; Witnos mado an estimate T1, mu "3, wo" " tliat nil tlio ground, lllire was not 4199ft. of Btono ou the ground Ut somotlung like 2200ft, , Witnc. had not »"on . no! ! V"1 t"l?en tho hl,iIJi"t' a. it itood He had -not mado an allowance for aid ;te,"te\v,'"T<)''ent 5'" mistako «.f the « ' eoellf "l.0" '""'""oc. He did not tllink siiocilication full , enough to oarrr ou the work.- Ike epecillcatlona wero bo framed !|5 lt-av,i room for difference of opinion. I lie architect ought to have tlio power of In terpreting the meaning of a .pecification If bo Tinned!' «'o«Id ImildiiigBlionld not bo pulled down until iifficient of the new one S, i allow the hiuiness to ho trann- fei led, it, ehould most decidedly he inserted 111 the speoificatiqa. Constant inspection wns required on tho part of tile architect when the foundations wero being nut in. If a clerk of Trtl,T ;TTl -l"? fe.?'01"11 "''eve the aniiety Totlw. i t- r T oollld not understand ivitu a clerk of works and a contraetnp fliof. tin. works should hay. drifted into the .tate they had done, and why he had interfered bo intm Witness would have iiisieted .u)ion the work being altered, and Bhniild certainly refuse pay- mn'/ JTl! "'h, Witness hddT,S?fr iTn. Tr„i!y ,0i,,stlna'e to remedy, any erijfl. lie had thrcnteucd to stop works,, but ho hail never had nny iiccCHsity to do so. 'The first cloiiBe provided tlmt something was under- tend-between tiie architect and contractor. t Hi (in0r i c waH nothing in tho clause lead me to expect that lie would not obtaiu possession of tho old building when asked fur. Rending the clause without- ex- plmiation lie should understand 'that.'there wna TtoTmn r huildlng to ho pulled doivil which Tb i T Hv timt. works to.he done, ihere was genoridly a meeting between' tbe contractor and the architect to decide the "'S!«r- , generaiiy supposed that the (, nJd buildings .was one of the 'first things to lie doue. -Very- freuueutlv after meetings between VeI,iteete S „!Setore' as derenhed above, it was found necessary to amciul the specifications. lo. a Jiiryinan : The temporary roofing of two rooms might 'come under the 'bailing of vnrain n r ! WK. I'"t lI'>wu"u1ns n ,W! ,f»m ifc® "nioh: » .building. UEiffam : whtelf'n.mu "r' :49'.iuehido. anyimitters ..wliich might have been overlooked iu the -con-' tract- .If it was1 oxplnlried'tliat tli'e rooms i" i ,1 I'cfroofod ; lieforo. 1 tho "tenderer W, ,h? ' oontract,-' the 'amnimt would nq .doubt ho included m tlio L5500. Ho Bhould imagine tliat tlio contract, was a good one for tlio contractor. If ho saw a wall tilled in and rammed without liu knowledge, he sliqidd have ttcxiioscd for examination. . ' i fTTr"' , Rippoii.Shiel.de, a contractor, had mule an renffil0 f a.10i -wor - nnlIl»1>or/done;r which reahsed a totnl ;valuo of ,L294,14e. Sii„. The prices allowed >by limi were fair, values. The market -nnco'-for etonq ,wns'2s;: psr'fpot! A f p bf tlie stone' on the' ground was not .worth that amount,', being 'of an Inferior despriptlon. , , Half of .lttya worth 2e.;pkr foot. iiSi'tir n'"' nucordance part of tho material was.- Witness w?onld not , build uimn tho foundation of the building which .had b.cii put down.. -,Tho rubble work was not Ondvr?,1i,.?'nr 'iC "" Vf inferior quality. P',y I,"1 of R, quarried on its .iiaturai emi'ilnv .m!,? tV'ia ,n,,occ4»inn for plaintiff to amploy men to bnre the quarry at Lindisferas (' 'wVJ K""'1 working nrdor. ' Witneis did not make any in iftakeilfi tf |Ctll-n in Ctinsaquenco: of th< until ' .!,t ry,: ' 'f.. »"» «" 'not' rammed Tlioihas Reynolds, a hiiiider, lieqi'sed tlmt he had examined the work, and innde un estimate V nc' A «nu»iiileiI'U» L807 jiuiii; ', 14i„ wbich- included tvl I work, and material. 'The work was not done in accordance with tlio' ipecificftUons, . u i Vriila closed the defendants case. Ir. Miller addressed tha jury, and cam mented on, the- estimate of Mr. Hunter, which 1 /dealt fully ..with the . whole subject, allowing I'aniple funds for contingency. On', the part of ths plaintiff they had' had no skilled 'evidence,; 'but ail 'through' thu1 case they had examples of jniscalculntion, particularly. in tho amonut of stone on the ground. Tho dufenriaut hud paid in the sum of L400 as - more than : ample to ..M'recotor the loss, sustained by plaintiff. That .amount-was 'the highest- estimate -which tlioy had received, ami they were prepared to allow in payment of the demaud. Plain tiff's hill of " demand was not supported by a single pieoo of ' evidence of any document where, as the e.iti- ' mate put into the court by the defendant, was : mbstantlatcd by several gontlcmett.' No reliance co, jjd be placet! on the testimony of the plaintiff, ' becaus'® he had told them he did not keep any \- - 'liooks, had not had any estimates made, and ) 1, ml not produced any accounts.' Instead of ' bringing the caso into court, it would have been bitter if it had been submitted to a gentleman like Mr.IImiter, but then tho plaintiff would not have got advantage of that popular pre- ' itiflice, that because the defendant was a rich man, hs could ho. made pay to any extent. '?bc correspondence did not show that dc- fondant ever intended to rescind the contract ; or did do so, The conduct of tho plaintiff .wns imt contcientious, hecauso ho sought. to take ' advantage of the remissness of tho defendant's architect bv attempting to put in the founda- tlons defective materials, and cover them up quickly before they could be examined. Tho plaintiff's witnesses hud stated that the com- taints of the clerk of works and Architect were nearly always Attended to. but those gen- lemen said tliat they were unable to get Any thing done satisfactorily. The learned counsel then dweltat some leiigth on the several alleged ' breaches of contract, and the conditions of, the ipeclficatlnns roferring to tho intended removal of the old building.' "' Mr. Giblia replied, showing that the plain tiff had given every item in making up his bill, ' and it would at tho start be sdinittedthat the . IJOO paid into court won- sufficient to pay for tU-work done, ami -for the material. on tha ground, but not for tho other materials which bid not been brought there. The question, was, what was tho contract? when it was in writing there was but one way of finding out, namely, by rending, and the jury might rend it for themselves. It distinctly directed the plaintiff to " pull dowu and remove" tho old building, and that direc tion could not be qualified by the words " as pointed out," It was iillo to place the memory of Mr. Lord against the written contract. IU laid great stress 011 .the fact that on the very ilav of signing the contract Mr. Wiggins sent a written demand to Mr... Lord for immediate possession of the old house, aud that Mr. Lord bad taken no notice.' ' It was not likely, he contended, that Mr. Wiggins wouhl have made such a demand if ho understood that a wing of the new house was to be roofed in before the aid one wns pulled down The written state ment spake for itself. Whose fault was it that the house had not been pulled down? The defen dant's ; and that was the very pith of the action. It was through his wrongful act that, the con tract had been rescinded. Tho contract was uid by Mr. lfnnter to have been; a .vcry good one for Mr. Wiggins, and he .was no\y untitled to recover damages for the profit he would have made ; and the defective character of the work coiild not ho set against that. Again, if the work hsdboen defective, as was alleged, it should hare been stopped, instead of having been allowed to , to ou lor weeks and weeks. When Mr. Jkgraves did at length stop it, it wns not for imi>erfoct work, but because he was not pro ceeding with it " with proper Uuspntch." Quo contractor stated that he understood the old house was to remain till the part of tho new one wns built ; but then ho wanted £1200, more than Mr. Wiggins was to get. Learned counsel then dealt at some length with the ob jections which had been made with regard to tbs character of tho cose, aud confidently left the case in the hands of the jury. His Honor summed up, carefully going through the facts proved in evidence. Though Mr. Legraves need not have done so, lie had very properly paid £400 iuto court Coming to the question, "What was the agreement?" It was contained in the specification, which directed the plaintiff to " pull down and ro- wove" tho old building; and that involved getting possession of it. He looked ujwn it as .v«rr unfortunate and extraordinary that, if the old house was to remain until part of the new one was built, no direction to that effect was contained in tho specification. On the other lmnd several witnesses had distinctly sworn that wigging had been told that the old house should remain. Tho jury would have to decide whether the words "as pointed out" after pull down aud remove tho old building" were words of description, or words of than description. The only loss proved by Wiggins to have been sustained, through the remaining of the old house, was that caused through his having no room to stack timber; hut then it was stated that he had no timber hvitaclc. On April 21, Mr. Lord wrote to Wiggins, complaining that the work was not being got on with faster/and Wiggins replied, complamiug of being obstructed by tho old building, ilia Honor theu read nearly all the correspondence that had' passed between Mr. Lord and Mr. Wiggins. It was unnecessary, lie said, to go into the question of quality, as the architect was tho only one to decide, and unless fraud or corruption was proved, that decision wns absolutely decisive. In this case, the whole of tho workH were to bo executed to the satisfaction .of tho architect, and it made no difference whether they were good works or otherwise. Mr. Wiggins was not bound to send- his men away when told to do so. by Mr. Lord, but ho was bound to remedy all defects objected to by him, and when asked to do so on one occasion; lie replied, "I will if I like;" The plaintiff swore Mr. Lord had told hira to discharge the men, but that was denied by the jitter. It appeared to bis Honor that the work bid been stopped because Mr. Wiggins had not taken up . six. walls, as ordered by Mr. Lord. It had been shown by. the evidence of tannent architects hud. others that the work hid not been in accordance with the contract. Hie plaintiff had no right to proceed uulesg ho had h«eu ready and' willing to go on with his contract The Attorney.Gcneral submitted that the meaning of -the written contract should; be construed by the Court instead of being left to tliejunr. . :. His Honor took a note of the objection. . r A verdict of six having been agreed to, it was found to be generally in favor of the defendant (Mr. Dcgravos). . . . .. .< apjouunmeht. liie Court adjourned to 10, o'clock . next morning. 