THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. The Victorian race carnival, which fell within the present month, has had the effeot of stimulating the managers of the various theatres to produce variety, if not novelty. At the Theatre Royal Mr. YVybert tteevo was most favorablv received MB Contain Wragge in No Name, giving an artistioim. personation of the author's conception of the rascal' who is not ashamed to own to his rascality. ' The part of Magdalene Vsnstone was fairly played by Miss Navaro, but those of Noel Vanstoue, Miss' Garth and Mrs. Wragge were anything but the original. Mr. Reeve aleo appeared as Plumper in Cool si n Cucumber, aud his impersonation was lull of vivaoity and humor. Mr. Kignold has played a farewell engagement. He sustained, the oharacter of Henry V. in the play of the same name with ail his former success. For his benefit Mr. ltignold appeared as Colonel Chalice in Alone, and as Wil liam in Black- eyed Susan, in both of which he was successful. Mr. Sam Emery has made his debut before a Victorian audience, ap pearing aa Dan'l Peggotty in Little Km'ly. and has made a hit. Ho looked tbe part to perfection, and developed snch dramatio and emotional power as readily obtains the sympathy of his audience. Ho hag also made a most favorable impression as Captain Cuttle, iu Heart's Delight. At the Prinoe of Wales Opera House Mr. William Creswick has been going through a round of his favorite charactere. He has repeated his intelligent and careful rendoriug of Maobeth. As Master Walter, in the Hunchback, Mr. Creswick ivhb excellent. Miss Helen Aehton played Julia better than any other oharaoter she has assumed here. Mr. Creswick has also appeared as Virginias, Richelieu, WolBey, Falstaif, bir Giles Over- rOSob, Ingomar, Sliylook and William Tell, in all of wbioh he sustained his reputation si a cargfui and refined actor. At the Academy of Mueio an adaptation of Ulivor Twist has beon given, oalled Nanoy Sykea. Mr. Dorsay Ogden as Bill Sykea wae brutally coarse, sulkily vindictive aud cruelly relentless, and was therefore a success. As N .ncy Sykes Miss Beatrice displayed draumuc power end pathos. The Artful Dodger waa well played by Mr. Harry Power, hut Mr. Frome, an actor recently arrived from Lon don, was exceedingly weak as Fagin. A sensation piece called Honor before Wealth, adapted from the Frenoh, has been produced, in whioh Mr. Ogden gave a good representa tion of the Marquis de Oharapery, a nobleman in reduoed circumstances. He has also ap peared as Badger in the Streets of New Vork ; Mavis; Blanche, or Never For gotten ; That Mother-in-law of Mine ; Oar. Amerioan Boye and Girls, and the Two Men of Sandy Bar, by Bret Harte, the piece in whioh Mr. Ogden first made his appearance in Melbourno. An adapta tion of Charles Dickens's Crioket oc the Hearth has been given nnder the name of Dot, and was well received. Mias Beatrice, fox ber benefit, iu assuming the ro'.e of Medea, overtasked her ability. During the mouth at this theatre, Mr. Montague Stott, an artist from Sydney, has beeu exhibiting his skill as a lightning drafts, man. With a piece of ohalk in a few seconds he produced excellent likenesses ot historical personages and local celebritiea. At the Princess's Theatre Mr. Morton Tavares hai appeared as Richelieu, and he gave a well, balanced impersonation of the cardinal. Mrs. Tavaros made a charming Julie, Under the name of the Flying Buck Bouci. cault's Flying Scud has beeu produced. The change of name is meant to t throw difficulty in the way of Mr. Boucicault'i agent getting the fee for its production. Much dissatisfaction exists here with regard to the terms which the agent of the Dramatic Authors' Association and of Boucicault (on« and the same person) demand from theatrical managers for the right to p!ay_ the pieces under hie control. The playing ot the Flying Send withoat his sanction and with, out the management paying fees is meant t« bring the matter to an issue, end to give the agent the opportunity of - testing the legality of the position taken up by him in a conrt of law. Fleeced, or tho Vultures of the Wombat Ranges, a sensation piece founded on the recent murders by buBhraugers, has beea produced at this theatre. This waa followed by Othello and Fanet, Mr. Tavares assuming the characters of Iago end MephistouhaleS, and Mrs. Tavares appearing as Deademcna oud Msrgenrite. Darcy Read's Ghost hu been exhibited at wt. George's Hall. The Academy of Music has been leased . by Mr. Henry Brscy for a season of English Opera, to lost twenty-five niglita. The lea- son oommenced with the production, for the first time in Australia, of R. Planquettea Lbs Cloches de Corneville, the principal parte being undertaken in a creditable man ner by Mias Clara Thompson, Mibs Lambert and Messrs. Bracy, George Leopold wd Templeton. In the part of Gaapard, Mr. >> B. Wallaoe evinced considerable dramatic power. Mias Ada AViUetta, a juvenile pianiete, hat given two farewell concert! prior to hor departure for Europe to complete her musical education. A complimentary benefit ooneert in the Town Hall was given daring the month te Mies Rosina Carandini, aud musically sad financially was a success. Two moonhghl concerts have been given upon the Mel bourne ducket ground under the direc tion of Mr. Julius Herz. The gronnd. was ; illuminated by tho electrio hghw and a pretty effeot was obtained by the reflection of prismatic colors upon the jets of water forming a large fountain. The usual promenade concerts, organ recitals and Iiedertafol entertainments have taken place. 