THE MERCURY. TIIURSDA Y MOIlNfNG, A UQ UST S 187St ?'??'«» < Amono measures of a practical and not ad cap tandum character submitted for tho consideration of Parliament, is the Bill to consolidato and amend the laws relating to the Post Office, which introduces several valuable reforms, not tho least of which is tho readjustment of the clauses, so that all matters of a cognate character aro grouped together, instead of, as in some instances in the existing law, scattered over tho Act, The first eight sections of tho now Bill aro occupied with a definition of terms, provisions for the establishment and regulation of post offices, and -tí"Wkvt¿ea of the officers, among whom wo observo appropriate name for the permanent head of the department than that of Secretary to tho Post Offico, which is so indoflnito that it may mean a mere copying clerk. The name of tho Doputy Postinastor-General has a recognised meaning throughout tho Colonies, and if it infers a moro honorablo position than that of Secretary, it is a roward to which tlio present indefatigable and obliging holder of tho office, Mr. Douglas, is most justly entitled. Undor tho heading " Officers," we find a clause providing that every officer shall, previous to his undertaking his duties, make and subscribe, before a JuBtico of tho Peace, a declaration for tho duo performance and execution of his duties, in which clause we find the following passage :-" I will not divulge to any person whatsoever, except to the Post- master-General for tho time being, any of the contents of any sucli letter or packet as afore- said." As this is preceded by a promiso not ¡to "open" excopt m cases authorised by the Post-offico Act, the devulgemcnt refers to re- turned, refused, and other letters, which, under certain circumstances and precautions, officers aro authorised to open. Letters passing through tho Post-offico in tho usual way are sacred from tho oyes of prying curiosity, and thus officers cannot divulge what they do not know. But the Post-offico Department does not allow officers to develop what thoy do know. This is so natural and coinmon-senso a stipula- tion that wo should not have thought it worth special notice, wore it not for the extraordinary contrast which it is to the law in regard to the transmission of telegrams. It will surprise tho public-may surprise oven Members of Parlia- ment, and Ministers pvestiiit and post, to be told that there is no obligation of secrecy on tho operators or messengers of the Telegraph department. They may divulgo the contents of any message to all and sundry, and yet commit ty» afiance or breach of the regulations. It is truo tifQ eleventh section of tho Electric Tele- graph Act provides that if any officer, clerk, operator, or othor peaton employed shall divulgo the contents of "any (.ii'ivato or secrot message, despatch, or conununieatlon trans- mitted or conveyed," ho bIiiiH be liable to fine or imprisonment. So far woll. But section 21 is couched in this extraordinary manner : " The words private or secret nicssago, despatch, or communication in scctjoi) eleven skull bo defined to apply to message*, despatches or communications described in writing to bo private or seciot at tfro time of sending the same by the person sanding the sapjo." Sq that unless the sonder of a message writes on it tiwi ho desires it to bo kept privato of socrpt, tjie oporator may post it up outside the office door and commit no broach of duty. The oleveiith section is faulty in drawing any distinction as to privato or socrot messages ; thoy aro pre- sumed to be all privato ; but flection 21 steps in to say thoy aro not, unless on a condition which not ono single sondjsp of a message thinks of imposing. An ¿inmediato rciuody is imperatively domaiided. Among tho changes contemplated under tho Post Oftico Bill on which tim Colony ¡a to bo congratulated, is tho long sought for con- cession in the reduction of intercolonial postage from 3d. to 2d. Tho necessity of being on an equality with our neighbours has boen so long self-evident, and the inconvonienco arising out of the düToront rato of postogo bo annoying to strangers, that tho reduction will commond itself to all. Equally judicious is tho reduc- tion of tim fco on registered Jpttors from Od. to 4d, Another concession is modo in soction ID, which proposes an extension of tim articles that may bo transmiUod at package ratos by tho addition of bank returns, Building Society's books, briefs, or instructions for Counsel and opinions thereon, proposals for assurance, and answers or reports by referee frionds on proposals for life assurance, and also printer s proofs. In > acknowledging tho liberality of tho concession, wo have also to acknowledge ,our_ doubty why flourish- ing commercial institutions sueh as banks and assurance offices, should transact a part of thoir business at tho public expense ; and, if persons will insist on indulging in the luxury of law, we do not see why the Post-office should como to thoir aid, and transmit, at a nominal chargo, cases and opinions of Counsel, Still moro strongly do wo objoct to the free our- ringo by the Post- office, of summonses and othor processes transmitted by tho Registrar or Bailiff of any Court. As well ask tho Attornby Gknkral'h Department to furnish, without charge, Bailiffs or tho railway to carry thoir persons, ob the Post-office to carry their pro- cesses. No doubt it would tond to law being I made easy, but the boon is hardly one for which I it would be worth imposing a burden on the I Poit- offiWj How is the publio to be benefited | by such facilities to litigants and others ? If a satisfactory answer is given to this test, we shall ? withdraw our remarks. Meanwhile, we com- ' mend the matter to the reconsideration of ' Government. _ ' The next change contemplated is in connection < with newspapers, which, it is proposed, shall be registered at the Post-office. At present news- papers may bo posted free, irrespective of the date of publication. It is proposed to limit tho privilege to seven days after publication, after which a fee of one penny is to bo charged. As the mail for England is only despatched once a month, inconvenience may bo imposed by the chango which is not counterbalanced by any probable advantage. One glaring anomaly is to be removed. At present papers published in England, or any of tho other colonies, are not only carried to thoir original destination free of charge-England and the other Colonies recipro- cate this-but they may bo reposted hore free, and reposted again and again, without limitation or respect to date-a privilege which is not recipro- cated. Tho privilego of free transmission which tile papers published in Tasmania nowonjoy, is in- directly compensatedby tho duty paid on the paper on which they aro printed, and other Customs charges. Yet foreign papers enjoy the same privilege, and offer the Treasury no compensa- tion. The Tasmanian newspapers pay a paper duty ; the papers of the other Colonies pay no such duty. The proposed imposition of a fee of one penny on all foreign papers posted in Tas- mania is therefore a matter of justice and of sound policy. A technical correction will, how- ever, have to bo made. Tho Bill speaks of papera " published" olsowhore than in Tas- mania. This limitation could be easily de- feated, but could be made more imperative were the expression "printed and published" used. Wo have spoken of the reduction in the foo for registered letters. One object of the reduction is to wanranl the ex- tension of compulsory registration from letters containing coin to letters containing money of any kind and all valuables; while in respect to letters containing articles liable to customs duty -and such articles do not infrequently pass through the Pogt Office-the relations between the Post Office and tho Customs l/fonso are so simplified as to protect tho revomiQ without inconvenience to the bona fide transmitter or receiver of what might otherwise be contraband. These appear the more salient points of the new Bill, in so far as it differs from the existing law. On the whole the Bill is a very credit- able) find carefully prepared groundwork of legislation, and when passed into law will very considerably increase {lie usefulness of the Post Office. We cannot, hqwoye», apn,gludo without a reference to one item of revenue whioh must very naturally increase the sum at command of the lion, the Treasurer. After certain stipulations as to oponing unclaimed, refused, and detained letters, newspapers, otc., section 47 provides that " every newspaper which shall be opened under the provisions oi this Act may be forthwith sold," etc. When Mr. Giblin gave his sanction to this clause how his heart must hayo dilated with pleasuro at the thought of tho addition Ijkolv to be secured to tho revenue by tho aalo of an iii(cliiir)iod or refused newspaper. The press cannot bo too pioiid of tho compliment. A new head of revonue is to bo addod : "Salo of unclaimednowspapors" probably ono farthing per annum. Of course, tho costs of sale will have to bo deducted, but theso must provo insignificant compared with the proceeds of the nain, Hero is reproductive outlay with a vengeance \- g*^ House of Assembla -Several notit.es of motion having boen given, the House went into Committee of Supply, when the lrenaurer moved the appro pnatiou of £25 000 to defray the oost of the cou struction and alterations to batteries and providing annamonts for the defoncoof the colony, and £4 828 12s for the x urpoBO of defraying the costs of the permanent staff, perinanont Artillery foi co, and Volunteer Force for 1878 a long disoussion ensued and tho committee divided on tho question AyoB 15 Noes 7 The h lectoral Bill was further considered in committee At tho rising of tho House Mr Gayer gave notice of motion for the production of the correspondence relating to the selection of officers of the lusmaniau Volunteer lillies Die House adjourned at ton minutes to 11 until to day at four o clock Thp Iatf War -The Colonial Troeasuror- yes tesday gave notice of motion to dty for an Address to the Queen expressing the congratulations of the House upon the happy issue of the exertions of Her Ministers by which the great cilamity of a war between Lugland and Ifussi* lias been a\cited, and the hope that the conditions w hld) have been agreed basis of a sure and lasting peace Tilt. Fastjrv Qui s i ion -The Tari of Beacons field s pre hction til it the peace established by tlio Berlin Conference would bo lasting is in danger of not bdng fulfilled The provinces severed from Pmkey do not tal e kindly to the presence of Austrian troops in their midst, and a general revolt is imminent On the part of Bosnia and Herzego vimn this can scarcely be wondered at j but that Serua, which received ita independence, should take au active part ni the rebellion, is an un expected e\ out Hie most prohibió assumption is that the Servians fear Austria w ill, if i firm footing in Bosnia and Herzegovina is secured, attempt to add Sen ia to her territory Then, again, a Slavs insurrection is expected, but this may be a more canard If not and tho Slav s do take up arms, Austria will lind some dilhculty m suppressing the rebellion, and appeasing the insurgents Turkey, in the meantime has requested England to mediate, and there is therefore another onportumty for the Earl of Beaconsfield to display tile diplomatie ability in which he excelled at Berlin Tino Es'dLi.sii Mail.-In connection with the incoming mail by the steamer Siam, the following particulars of her last trip may bo of interest. She then reached King George's Sound at 2 p.m. on Tuesday, the 14th May-this time at 2 p.m. on Monday, 5th August. She reached Glenelg, uff Adelaide, at 7'15 a.m. on Saturday, the 18th May -that would make her due there to-morrow morning. The Siam reached Hobson's Bay at 5 a.m. on Monday, the 20th May. If she makes her journey in the same time now, she will reach Hobson's Bay on Sunday morning. The Derwent left for Launceston at 10 a.m. on Monday, 20th May, passing Port Phillip Heads at 2'30, and reaching Launceston on Tuesday, 21st May, at 2'30 p.m., just in time to catch the oxpress train, and allowing a window delivery at the Post Office that (Tuesday) evening. Should the Siam equal on this occasion her despatch on tho last, the Derwent may be expected to leave Hobson's Bay on Sunday morning, reaching Launceston on Monday after- noon, but, as in May she only saved her distance by half-an-hour, we will, perhaps, bo safer not to ox peot a delivery here before Tuesday morning. Importation of Sheep into Victoria.-In con- sequence of the decision of the Victorian Govern- ment, that Tasmanian sheep imported into Victoria should in future be dipped four days after arrival, as in Sydney, the Colonial Secretary yesterday telegraphed to the Chief Secretary as follows : ." Will you extend the time for dipping Tasmanian sheep to eight days after arrival ? Tho extension asked for is of tho utmost importance to Tasmanian breeders." Air. Berry at once replied: "Irogret tjiat I pannot alter the arrangcinout mai|e with the largo and influential deputation that waited qu mo yestorday." There the matter pata for tho present ; and Tasmanian brpetlp.rs innst put up with the loss and ¡nepnyciijenco that inust result from such a stringont regulation. Aucikknt os TiiK Raii-wav.-Yesterday Chas, Graveley, tljo guard of tho train which left for Launceston at ÍO'ÜO a.m., mot with au aoaident, by which he was sevoroly injured, When the train was passing the Tea Treo aiding, Gravoloy, according to the usual custom, throw out somo parcels and rope which were con- signed to that placo. In doing bo ho loaned too far forward on tho platform of the van upon which he stood, and his head struck violently sgaiiiBt the post of the siding, throwing him oil. He fell facp downwards upon ono of the switch irons with such forco that l|o was knocked insensible, and received a severo' contusion upon his forehead. Tho loft side of his head was also severely out and bruised. Intelligence of the accident being conveyed to the city, an engine was promptly despatched for the sufferer, wl|o arrived about 3 o'clock in a oonsoious but very weak state, and at bia own request ho waB convoyed to his homo at Battery Point. It appears that Graveley was new to the duty and to this fact the accident is probably owing. A Supposed Disastrous Fire.-Last night, about eight o'clock, what is believed to have been a very disastrous fire on Hourah Point, near Clarence Plains, was observed from the city. As far as could be judged, the spot was Mr. Edward's farm, and the fire either at tho house pr at some adjoining shed«, Furious Drjvinq.-Yestorday afternoon a car, the occupants of which wore evidently members of a wedding party, was driven down Macquarie; street at a furious rate. Turning the corner into Elizabeth-street thoro was a narrow escape of an upset in consequence of tho speed at which the eorner was taken, but as if reokless of consequences, he maintained the pace of the horses, lashing thom along Elùabethrstreet, The police should have no difficulty in ascertaining the name of the driver. Blood Stock.-Mr, J. C. Hadley'a two fillies , were put up for sale'yestorday by Guesdon and Westbrook, at Taylar's Livery Stables ; but both were bought in. at £100. Sir James wa« also aub. i mitted, and passed at £45. Ti» s. b. Tamar.-Tbia steamer left the wharf ' Íresterday afternoon in command of Captain Papurn, . ate of the a. a. Truganini, with passengers and a . large general cargo for Melbourne. A largo con- cours« of people assembled to bid good-bye to the ] Rev. Father Duane, who left for Victoria and South I Australia, on . minion to tiollict f undi ia aid of M St, Jotapa'aOrphauage, I i Society for the Prévention or Cruelty to Animals.-The adjourned meeting of the com- mittee was held at the Society's office, 67,Macquarie street, at 3 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, the Oth inBtant. The following report was received by us yesterday morning :-Present :-Mr. W. Gelli- brand (chairman). Mrs. W. Walker, Mrs. J. Walch (the acting hon. secretary), the hon. legal adviser (Mr. John Mitchell), the bon. treasurer (Mr. C. E. Walch), the hon. veterinary surgeon (Mr. A. Park), The applications, ten in number, for the office of inspector were examined, and after mature con- sideration and discussion, Mr. George Stuart, visiting officer of the Board of Education, was unanimously elected to the office of inspector, sub- ject to the approval of the Board of Education. The hon. treasurer reported that the subscriptions to the Sooiety amounted to £94 2a. j the number of members 170. It was agreed that further subscrip- tions be solicited, and, for such purpose, that those who are willing to collect in the country districts bo requested to do so. The question of the cruel mode of carrying poultry, for the redresB of which the hon. secretary had appealed to the Mayor and Corporation, was suffered to lapse until an answer to that appeal was received. A long discussion upon the state of the horses carting stone from the quarries, with special reference to the state of Forest Hoad and Lansdowne Crescent, engaged the com- mittee's earnest attention, it being reported to them that the ruts and boulders on the road ren- dered the work of the horses excessive, and in many instances most cruel. While it seems desir- able that the Society ¡should press upon the carters the liecessity of carefulness and patience in getting the carts down the exeorable roads, the committee were of opinion that some action should be taken for the repairing of the roads, It was therefore agreed that the hon. secretary he instructed to write to the Mayor and Corporation, directing attention to tho state of Forest Hoad and Lansdowne Crescent respectively, urging that some steps should be taken to remedy the evils complained of. The meeting was then adjourned. Reception of a Nun.-On Tuesday, the Gth, a very interesting ceremony took place at St, Joseph's Church, namely, the reception of Miss Lilly Kean, the eldest daughter of Mr, Micliqel Kean, of Camp- bell Town. The lady is evidently a great favourite in the district to which she recently belonged, for a large number of hor relatives and friends came to town on purpose to witness the ceremony of her receiving the white veil which is given to novices after they have served as postulants for a short period- At 10 q'clock fhe procession of nuns entered tho aanotuary, 'whioh was beautifully decorated with flowers and candles on the altars ; first came the cross-hearer followed by the pro- fessed nuns and the novices, next came two little orphan girls, and lastly the youthful candidate who was richly and becomingly attired in a bridul dresB of white grenadine trimmed with satin and sprays of orange blossoms, a bridal wreath and veil, and ornaments of frosted silver. His Lordship tho Bishop of Hobart Town performed the ceremonies usual on qusli qocasions. There were also present in the sanctuary tl|e Very B;ev. W, J. -Uunije, the lleva, 0. Woods, it. f. Beecldiior, P. Hennebry, M. Gilleran, T. Kelsh, and Father Mary. The ceremonies commenced by the ohoir singing Entitle Spiritual Timm, and after some antiphons had been chantod by the Bishop, the Rev. M. Gilleran abcended the pulpit and preached a short but most elegant sermon, having taken for his text that most appropriate one, " Mary hath chosen the better part, etc. The sermon ended, the candidate presented herself at the altar steps immediately Wore the Bishop, and asked him to bestow upon her the religious habit of a Sister of Charity ; after some otlicp Jjttlo ceremonies had been gone through the postulant, preceded hy the prqoesslon of nuns, as before, retired for a short time to tho Convent, where she changed her worldly garments for those she will henceforward wear as a Sister of Charity ; during the short interval tho choir sung the psalms In Kcilu and Lalatits Sam. The new novice and her Sisters in religion having returned to the sanctuary, sh,o received from tho Bishop the white veil, rqsary, etc. IJer name in religion is Sister Mary Gertrude. The BenedjctiRU qf tho Blessed Sacrament brought the ceremonies to a close. After leaving the church the novjeo's relativos and frionds repaired to the Convent to offer her their congratulations. A vory cheerful and happy party sat down and partook of an excellent déjeuner. The Sisters of Charity are actively engaged in doing good for the poor, the Bick, and the erring, and if| is wo may wolj bclievo, truo happiness is found by those who do good to others, we may be sure tho now novico has entered upon a happy life. Good Tejiflars,-The following officers were duly installed last Tuesday evening in the Haste to the Rescue Lodge, No. 1, for ensuing quarter ending October 31, 1878, Brother G. Arnold, G.W.C.T.; Bro. W. Weymouth, G.W.S. ; Bro. Captain Fisher G.W.M., being installing officers :-Bro. J. McKeu drick, W.C.T. ; Bro. C. Edmunds, P.W.C.T. ; Bro. McCrackon, W.C. ; Bro. C. Hutchinson, Secretary (re-elected) ; Bro. R. H. Andrews, W.M.; Bro. Cole, R.H.S, j Sister Norris, L.H.S. ; Bro. 8»W.LG. i Bro.J_3._Mo~ «;---- «-£ Secretary ; Sister Alderton, W.F. Secretary ; Sister Swift, \V,D.M. Bro. Sheppard being again olected as librarian for six months, £2 14a. having just been spent in books for library latply arrived from England. Thirty persons being enrolled as members during quarter. Treasurer's report for quarter showed balance in hand £7 Os. GUI. Lodgo meets next Wednesday instead of Tuesday. Publication.- Watch's Literary Intelligencer for this month contains an artiole from tho London Daily Telegraph on "Tho Australian Eleven in England " ; besides the usual announcements of new works. Diamond Drill for Tasmania.-We learn from a letter receivod by the Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce that Captain Audley Coote, who is at present in Sydney, contemplates negotiating for the purchase of a diamond rock drill for Tasmania, as he has no doubt that either tho Government, or some private gentlomen, would tako it. Diamond drills are meeting with great approval in all mining countries, for by them bores eau bo made at great depths at a comparatively small cost, and the existence of minerals satisfactorily proved or other- wise. Several drills have been ordered of Victoria, aud the applications for them fruin the different mining centres havo far exceded the supply. The plan to be adopted there is that the Government will purchase the drills, and charge for their use. At Parramatta, N.S.W., ono of these machines has been at work for some weeks boring for coal, and a depth of about 900 feet has now been reached. Captain Cooto has Been this at work, and he des- cribes it as wonderful in ita operations and simple in its construction, The cost of a drill,. complete, and guaranteed to roach 1,000 feet, is £850, and á man, wliose wages tho purchaser pays, is sent with it to work it for a stated timo. We suggested not long ago that the purchase of one of these machines was a matter which ought to receive the serious consideration of the Government, and we now urge the subject in the hope that some steps will bo taken to get ouo without dolay. There aro many spots in this colony which might bo bored, and the pre- sence of valuable minerals thus ascertained. Tasmanian Poultry Show.-By advertisement appearing in another column those exhibitors who overlooked the general entry-day last week, will see that another opportunity is altbrdod them of registering their entries. This evening from 8 till 9 o'clock the han. secretary will attend at the Mechanics' Institute, when, according to the scheduled regulation, post entries may be made on payment of additional feen. The committee meet to-night to appoint judges for tho several sections, and at i) o'clock the seorotary will announce the classified list of exhibits". Those interested in the matter are requested to attend, and any information that may be required will then bo supplied. " Our Boys. -A day or two since, a boy of the specjes larrikin, coolly stalked a considerable supply of "lollies." Quietly loafing about qnd watching his opportunity he slipped into Mr. Heathorn's (oonfectiqncr) shop, in Liyorpool- strcot, and levanted with soino four or five pounds of chocolate creams, under the vory eyo of a young lady in charge of the shop. He was noticed hanging about the premises before the larceny, hut ho managed to secure his prize and mako good his retreat, not even tho ghost of ono of Mr. Inspector Propsting'« protéyê» hoing within Bight or hail, when "our boy" was soon skedaddling with tho plunder. A capital recruit this for the proposed young brigade of black-o- narrfs, yet the drill-sergeant would soon, by means of drill, pipe-clay, and goose-step, and possibly a wholesome touch of the lash, eliminate these unholy proclivities from that cross-bred Bpecics of the yenna puer y'clopt tho larrikin. Lost.-The hen. AV. A. B. Gellibrand, M.L.C. has reported to the police that on Monday last he losfi a grey cloth waterproof rug, throe yards long, near the Albion Hqtol, iri Eljzabcth»strcot. A PQiiatablc saw à person pick the rug up, but not being aware that it lind been lost ho did not inter fore. Circular Head.-Mr. liord, assistant to Mr. Surveyor Sprent, accompanied by Mr. J. H. Gray, left the Duck River, proceeding by Ollingtons Plain, on Tuesday, 30th ulk, to ascortain the most Ïiracticable route for a track between the Arthur tiver and Circular Hoad.-Jíxavxmer. A public temperance meeting is to be held in the Alliance Rooms this evening. Music, readings, etc., will be given. > The t^enty-thfrd anniversary of the Victoria Tent, Î.O.R., Li tqbeeeleljritpdin the Alliance Rooms on 'uesday evening by á tea and miscellaneous enter- tainment. The fortnightly entertainment of the New Town Association will take placo at the Good Templars'Hall to-morrow evening, at half-past 7, when a rooding will be given of the play A Bachelor of Arts, etc. The programme for the inaugural meeting of the Northern Tasmanian Coursing Club will be found in another column. The meeting ii to take place on Wednesday, August21, and followingdays, if necessary. Nominations must be sent in not later than 10th inst., and the final payment must be made on Saturday, 17th, on which day the draw will take place at the Criterion Hotel, Launcoaton. To-day. at noon, at the Alliance Rooms. Mr. G. 8, Crouch will offer for Bale by public suction » large number of lots of Crown land at Tssmsn's Peninsula. The Southern Hunt Club hounds ara to meet at Melton Mowbray on Wednesday, 14th instant A Hcnnro of persona intareaUd in til« OampbeU Town raott ia to MhiUatSaies'a'HoMoBThiiMajr, August IS > 