The Hoile of Election off a Pope. The late telegram from Europe of tho Pope's Ocath revive the interest felt by all classes in the forms used for the election of a successor to fill tbo chair of St. Peter. The subjoiocd description in extracted from a work entitled 44 Pius the Ninth; or the First xenr oi ms roauuciuc. i>y iahiui w>. zi. uu Goddes de Liancourt, of the Pontifical Academy of the Lined at Rome, and James A. Manning, Esq., of the Inner Temple." Tho Conclave is the place where the Car- dinals assemble for the election of a Pope. The name is also given to the assembly of Cardinals who ore eugnged in the election, who Bclcct the place which they think proper, the name not being applicable to any par ticular locality, although the Vatican, or jmlnco of St Peter, has for a long time been the chosen spot, and is in fact tbe best adapted for the purpose by reason of its grandeur and majesty, for the facility of minrdine it from iiiterruution. its courts and gallaries, the grand square before the palace, and finally for the convenience of the position as regards the adoration of the Pope, a ceremony which is held there after the election ; nnd as the obsequies of the Pope take place in that church, it is much more convenient for tho Cardinals to pass in pro cession from the church to the palace. Thus the consultation of the Cardinals as to the place of holding the Conclave is a mere matter of form. In a large 'chamber of tho Vatican are built as many cells as there are Cardinals ; tbe cells are formed of denl planks, and each has a' partition for tbe Conclavists, persons appointed to wait upon the Cardinals during the deliberation of the Conclave. . The Cardinals draw lots for the cells, each cell having a corresponding number to that which may be drawn, so that it frequently occurs that Cardinals of different political sentiments arc lodged in adjoining cells. There is a narrow passage between each cell, when, there arc several in the same chamber , or gallery, but the same precautions arc ob- ' served when tbe cells arc in separate chambers by means of a partition of planks, the open space serviDg for the Conclavists. The cells remain during all tbe nine days destined to the funeral obsequies of thc_ de- . ceased Pope, during which period the nobility and people of distinction visit tho Conclave.- - The cells ore all covered with green camlet or serge, with the exception of those be longing to tho Cardinals who were promoted by the deceased Pope, which are of a dark violet ; nnd on the door of each cell are the armorial bearings of its occupant. Between the cells ami the windows of the Vatican there is a long gallery for the accommodation of the Conclave, and it is from this gallery that the cells receive light. The Conclave being thus oinmed, the Order of the Papal Election proceeds as follows : — It is known that the Popes are elected by a majority of two-thirds of the votes, Excluding thnt of the candidate. The Snored College, when complete, is composed of seventy Car dinals. 1. Six Cardinals, called Cardinal Bixltoys, or Epixcopl Suburhicarli — that is to say, the Bishops of Vclctri, pQrto-Santo- Rufino, and Civita-Vecchia, Frascati, Albauo, and Palcstrinn and Sabina. 2. Of fifty Chr- dinal Priests, amongst whom arc found a number of Archbishops and Bishops of all countries. 3. Of fourteen GtrtTnuU Deans. This number of seventy, however, is never completely filled up ; there arc sometimes from fifty-four to sixty Cardinals— there were sixty in October, 1842. There is nothing to Itrcvcnt the existence of the greater number; )Ut, habitually, the seventy aro never com pleted. The Cardinal Denn of the Sacred College iB the chief of the Order of Bishops. The oldest Cardinal Priest is the chief of the Order of Priests. The oldest Cardinal Dcau is the chief of the Order of Deacon. To judge rightly of the operation oP a Conclave, they begin by counting the number of Cardiuals whom health, age, and distance may permit to join the Conclave. Then they try to discover where the Inehmce will be, and how they will be able to secure tbe Ex elusive. \ The Inclusive comprehends the number of Cardinals from among whom it is intended to choose the Pope. The Exclusive compre hends a sufficient number of votes to prevent the Inclusive from being able to carry out its object, by deciding the choice. Let us suppose that the Conclave is com posed of sixty Cardinals. Two-thirds of sixty arc forty ; if to these forty we add one vote, as that of the candidate cannot be counted, the Inclusive is formed, and where there is no fear of defection, the nomination is secure. The Exclusive, in opposition, must be composed at least of the remaining third of the votes, and, to be suro of its calculation, it should have one vote more, because twenty-one can prevent the other thirty-nine from making any nomina tion. The Italian Cardiuals always form the centre of the Inclusive. It is among tlicm, accortliug to their not unreasonable opinion, thnt the Pope should be found. Experience proves thnt this course aud this system arc of very evident advantage to the Holy See. Moreover, it appears that the Great Powers can organise this Exclusive or opposition party by forming it of their national Carainals, and .the Cardinals under their influcucc, or altogether free, and those finally who would not proceed immediately to the expression of their scntimeifts. After this, it is necessary to avoid the inconvenience pointed out by Cardinnl de Dcrnis, who in a memorandum attached to a despatch ad dressed to M. de Vcrgonnes, under date of October, 1774, said : " The Inclusive line ex- ciuues no one, ana proposes Avtiom it picnics; the Exclusive law excludes, becomes odious, and is often tricked." There were formerly three, modes of election — 1. The Adoration, which was a general agreement to name a candidate ou the spot without any opposition, and without scrutiny, of which wo have examples in the election of Pope Gregory XIII. and Pope Sixtus V. 2. The Compromise, an example of which occurred in the election of the Frcuchmnn, Pope Clement V. 3. The Ballot, or Scrutiny ; this is the ordinary form ; there are two scrutinies every day ; the first scrutiny is followed by tbe Accessor, as n matter of course, if tho scrutiny bo not definite ; when the election is not concluded in the morning, a second scrutiny is pro ceeded with in the evening, followed by another Accessor. . In order to form to oneself an exnet idea of the formalities preparatory to the scrutiny, according to the regulations of Gregory XV., it should bo known that schedules, or printed tickets, arc prepared, so that each vote may be given in a uniform manner. In the morning, the Masters. of Ceremonies (who haven very important charge at Rome) warn the Cardinals that it is time to repair to the Holy Chapel, saying, "Ad CujvUam Domini." Whither the Cardinals instantly repair. On the first day the Cardinal Dccano, or Dean (the senior of the six Cardinal-Bishops), celebrates the Mass of tbe Holy Ghost, at which the Cardinals communicate, going to- the altar two aud two. Each Cardinal wears a long robo of violet serge, u vestment which is peculiar to these Conclavist meetings. On tho other days Mass is celebrated by the Sngristn, assisted by two Masters of Ceremo nies. Tbe Mass being concluded, a very de tailed extract is road from the Bulls of the Ceremonial issued by Pope Gregory XV. Then they place a table before the altar, on wnicn jigs iqu icst oi rac oaiii v.ia Jurgc letters) which every Cardinal is to take. There arc also plnccd on the table two chalices and two basins or large cups. Three Cardinals-Scrutators arc chosen by lot, aud theu three Cardinnls-InfirmierB, whose duties will be explained. Every Cnrdinnl is admonished to prepare himself to receive a Echcdulc, and to write his suffrage with his own hnnd. Although all the proceedings aud the number of votes, and the manner in which they are to bo given, may have been agreed upon bcforchaud, use is made of this, at the last moment, to secure and sustain the hesi tating Cardinal. A check is always to be expected, ns n promised vote may be lost, the promise-breaker remaining unknown ; and. tbo manager must also be iu readiness to profit by a fortunate change if an unexpected vote be received. For the rest, the chiefs of factions — thnt is to say, parties — have natu rally their eyes iixed upon their partisans, and vice versa. The greatest politeness aud a feeling of affection and respect reign in all the proceedings of the Conclave. The Scru tators and Innrmicrs, as they arc chosen by lot, belong to all parties, onu must-mnintain a strict reserve in their conduct. The schedules are about eight inches long and four broad, and arc divided by parallel lines, forming unequal spaces, each of which has its special purpose. Wo give a model of these schedules, which are printed for the Conclave : — A. Ego Cartlinalis B. Fold C. Seal ' Seal j. Eliqo in Summum Pontljicem . Dee. Dom, Veuuu 1). Cardut. E. Seal Seal. F. Fold G. Some number; a passago from Scripture | The same ceremonies are observed whether the Conclave be held at the "Vatican or the Qoirinul. In the first space, marked A, each Cardinnl writes his name after these .words — "Ego Qtrdinalis.' Tbe second space, B, is re served for the first fold of this paper. Tlie third space, C, receives two seals, which fix the fold with soft wax. For these seals it is necessary thnt the Cardinals provide them selves with a considerable number of dif ferent impressions, which may not be easily rccogni&cu;, and will securely fasten the first fold. On the fourth space, D, the Cardinal elector writes the name of the Cardinal he elects after these words, 44 Rev. D. Meum. D. Gtrdinalem" The fifth space, E, receives two other impressions, to cover the pamc of the elected ; then a fold is made in F. The seventh sjiacc, G. contains a number, ninety- five, for instance, or seventeen, or nny other, and some words taken from Scripture, 6uch as, 44 Exurno Domini'" 44 Dominui r Dixit," 11 Dimittc Scrvum,,y 14 Omnia Vanita kc. Here the paper is folded under, and the last space is left blank. The opiwitc sido of the sccdulc, or voting paper, is ornamented with two vignettes, to conceal the writing within, nnd to prevent a penetrating eye from read- ing, by means of nny transparency of the paper, a writing strongly marked by an insecure hand. The first operation of the scrutiny consists, as we before said, iu the nomination of three Scrutator, to whom, if necessary, are added an equal number of Jnfirmirrs, charged to receive the votes of infirm Cardinals, who may be detained in bed or in their cells. Tbe Cardinal Scrutators and the Cardinal Infirmiers aro drawn by lot. It is the youngest Cardinal Dam who draws— from a violet damask bap; after having shaken and mixed them— the balls, whereon tu-e inscribed the names of all tbo Cardinals present at the Conclave. As soon ns the Scrutators and Infirmiers arc named they take their places before the table, ou 'which there is a little box to receivo the votes of the infirm Car dinals. Tho vote are introduced by an opening in tlie middle of tho cover of the ease in question. The Scrutators open this box, turn it over, showing the inside, and thus prove that it is entirely empty; then tbey lock it, and return into the Infirmiers. The Cardinal Dean first presents himself at the table, and, taking a schedule from the first basin, turns towards one of tbo other tables ranged round the chapel, writes his own name thereon, folds the voting paper, seals it with the first nnd second impression, writes the name of the elected, seals with the third and fourth impression, fold again, writes the number and passage of Scripture which he has selected, and makes tbe. final fold. This operation is rapidly executed during the latter days of the Conclave after it ba9 been performed four times a day from the begiuning of its session. We should also observe thnt the Masters of tbo Ceremonies have previously prepared the jmjjcr with soft wax at tho points in the spaces of C and E, which arc to receive the impressions of the kcaIs. When they leave the chnpcl and the ballot nnd Accesso have occupied a shorter time thnu usual, one Cardinal will sometime say to his neighbours, 41 Adesso, iamo Pratici " (Now we are getting on). Each Cardinal votes nccordiug to his rank— that is to say, first, the Cardinal Bishops, then Cardinal Priests, nnd Instly tbo Cardinal Deans : and when each has written his suffrage, tho Deeaiw takes his between two fingers only, holds it up so that it may be seen by nil ; turns toward the alter, kneel, say a short prayer, and, after rising, pronounces tbe oath, inscribed in large black letters, on tbo table before the alter. Tlus oath is ns follows : — 44 Testator Christum Dominura qui me judica tures est, cligcrs qucm secundum Dcum, judico cligi debere ; ct quod idnra in occcssu pracstabo." 44 1 call God, who will be my judge, to witness thnt I elect him whom I believe in God ought to be elected, which I will also do in the accesso." The oath being pronounced, he lays the schedule on the patena of ono of the caaliccs and returns to his place. Immediately after, tho Deacons, the Cardinals- lQfirmicrs, al though their rank may notpcrbapscall them, take their suffrages to the altar, and go through tho same ceremony. Then they go out, that they may the sooner ! return with the suffrages of Ihcslck. After the Infirmicr, each Cardinal approaches the altar in the order of his rank, and bis deposits vote. Sometimes a Cardinal who is present may/ bo unable, from infirmity, to rise and go \to tbe table to write his vote, hold it in the air with two fingers, and bear it to the altar. ' ?In such a caso tho last-drawn Scrutator approaches, presents his prcjiarcd schedule, receives the written suffrage folded and 6calcd, hears the oath, and returns with the schedule, when, after raising it in the air, he deposits, it in the chalice, where it is united wire the other votes. The. Cardinals- Infirmiers, who vote next after the Deacons, having repaired to the cell of one of their infirm colleagues, present him with a prepared schedule aud a copy of the oatb. The sick Cardinal writes, folds, and Feals hi voting paper, nnd with the assistance of the Infirmiers, who must always be present, he goes through the same form as tho Cardinal iu the chapel have previously observed. H it should happen that a ick Cardinal cannot write, he is permitted to borrow the aid of another at bis choice, the chosen party pledging himself religiously to seep IUU secret UL IUU vuie. IUU uux, uujug brought back to the chnpcl, is opened by the Scrutator, who ascertain thut there arc as many votes ns there arc infirm Cardinals. Tbisrccognition made, they place the schedule of the infirm one by one in the chalice. The first Cardinal-Scrutator then shakes the votes in the chalice covered with the patena nnd draw them out one after tho other, count ing them in order to place them out in the second chalice. If the number of the schedule should not correspond with the number of the Cardioals voting, all the papers arc immediately burucd withoutfurthcr cere mony. At the election of Leo XII., some day after, tlie opening of tbe Conclave, fofty- nine Cardinnl were present ; ofcourso, forty- nine schedules shuuhl have beenfouud. If the number of schedules equal that of the voters, the opening of the scrutiny proceeds. The first Scrutator draw a paper from the clinlicc opens it at tlio middle breaking tbe teals C to uncover the space D, where the mime of the elected i written ; reads the name to hiiu6clf and takesa note of it ; posses . the paper thus opened to the eccond Scrutator, who also take down the name. It is only the third Scrutator who pronounces tho name, aloud ; at the some moment every Cardinal, being provided beforehand with a printed sheet containingtbe names of all the Cardinals composing the Sacred College, absent or prccnt, without exception, marks, a the name is pronounced, the vote he hns obtained. The opening of overy schedule drawn from the second chalice i accompanied and fol lowed by the home formalities as the first. If it should hnp|>cn in opening tbe ballot that the first Scrutator should fiud two votes loiucu togctucr anu unucu in me romuic in such a way that it may be presumed they both belong to one voter, they arc considered only n one suffrage when they are both in fuvour of the same person ; but if- they con tain two distinct name, the votes are both . null and void. This discovery does not affect the rest of the ballot, which is as regular a if the circumstance of the two papers hud not occurred.. As soon as the last bcrutator has read a schedule aloud, he threads-it with' a needle filled with' silk thread by tho space D, where the tho word Eligo i printed, knots tbe two ends of the thread, deposits the packet in the second golden chalice, which received the firet votes, on the table before the altar. If in the first publication a number of votes in favour of any one person be equal to two-third of the number of Cardinals present at the- Conclave, the Pope is canonically elected. In that ease all is concluded by an exact verification of the schedule by each of the Scrutators, who test the seals, number, and device, so that by another formality, which is described below, the election is completed. If one name docs not obtain two-thirds of the votes, the Conclave posse to Xhn accesso, a ceremony which is resorted to whenever the ballot leads to no definite result, When the accesso is announced, every Cardinal immediately proceeds to lake from the second basin one of the distinct 6chcdnlcs prepared for the accesso, in which the word accede is substi tuted for eligo (4 1 elect "), In other respects, the form of the vote is the same as in the scrutiny, nnd presents the same subdivisions. At the end of the words Aceedo Dcterendit time Dom. meum. D, Cardinalcm, the elector writes the name of the Cardinal to whom he accedes, taking core to name some other than the one he chose at the scrutiny, which is of strict obligation, and to abstain also from naming any Cardinal who has not at least had ono vote before the accesso . If the voter absolutely desires to have no other elected thnn he to whom he has already given his suffrage, he adds to the word accedo that of wtv/imi — " I accede to no one," and folds his biUet as in the former cose. It is evident thnt the accesso is a sort of balloting in another form ; all that is practised before in the regular ballot, and the declaration of the scrutiny, the visit to the infirm, &cM; are re peated in the accesso, except the oath, which is not renewed. The schedules being drawn from the chalice, the votes of the aeecsso being noted and publtHlicd as before observed, the suffrages given by the two votes are counted nnd brought together for each candidate. If the votes of the scrutiny, united to those ; of the accesso; in favour of one Cardinal bo equal in number to two-thirds, then tbe first Scrutator, under the inspection, of bis colleagues, examines tho validity of the schedule of tbcaawio. Taking the threaded packet of the scrutiny, he tests the seal, tlio numbers, and the devices of the schedules thnt it contains, and their identity is acknow ledged by him ; he theu passes the j wiper to the second Scrutator,, who does the same and then the third Scrutator commences the third verification. Tho name of the elected also forms the subject of a rigorous examination, cjq>cciaily if there be two Cardinals of the same name— two Barbcrinl, two Borghese, two Ruffo, two Doria, kc. The vote is null if it be applied both in the scrutiny and the accesso to the same person ; if it be different, nnd consequently available, the third Scru tator proclaims aloud the name of the elected , and declare the seal, tbe number, and the device of each elector. He then registers his declaration. They then proceed to tbe enumeration of the suffrage by the two modes, that of the scrutiny and that of the accesso . If the some Cardinal ho not ob tained in the uuitcd votes the number pre scribed, that is, two-thirds, exclusive of his own, all that has been dond Is considered as nothing, and the work of election begins over again ; bat if the examination of the scrutiny and the accesso together give the two-third with tho vote of the elected, then the Pope is elected, and the ' election is canonically effected. In this ease three Cardinal Deacons, chosen by lot, arc imme diately invested with the function of Recognitors or Revisers, and it devolve upon them finally to verify the operation of the Scrutators. Everthing being found regular, the election ia announced and the schedule arc nil burnt, ns they were after tho scrutiny nnd at the accesso when tho number had not been in favor of any candidate. Immediately after an acknowledged elec tion the youngest of the Cardinal Deacons rings a bell to summon the Masters of vcrcmomcs ana iuc t>ccrccary or ine nacrcu College. Tbe Chapel is closed. The Cnrdin&l; Deacons and tho Cardinal Chamberlain— if neither of them be the Pope elect— advance together towards tlie Caruiual named, who, for a long period, has always been one of the Cardinals present at the Conclave, and they ask if ho accepts his election. France, Spain, and Austria, independently of their calculations of tbo exclusive and inclusive , claim a distinct right of veto apart; that is, where the votes appear to bo directed towards a candidate who is not agrccablo to one of these Courts, each of them exercises the right to exclude a candidate, but ono only, who may bo near having two-thirds of ' the required votes, provided always that tho veto be put in before he Is absolutely elected. The veto is pronounced upon a probability ./which appears well founded, and to bo dread- . .ohd 'not upon a cortainty. 'The exclusion of this" '/Mrt,'/ 'wblchTit"lloTOe ia -not. considered as a positive right, being once1 employed by ono of tho abovenamed rowers. One of tho most curious scenes which occur during the sitting of the Conclave is tbe arrival of the Cardinal' dinners at the Palace of the Quirinal. Each dinner is brought in procession through tho streets of Rome. Tbo state carriage of the Cardinal takes the lead, followed by the officers of his palace in their state liveries more or leas numerous, nccording to the rank nnd fortune of his Eminence. Those person are followed by a gilt litter carried by two servants, which is magnifi cently ornamented, and bears a basket deco rated with the arms of the Cardinal to whom it belongs, containing tho dishes destined for hi repast. The private carriages follow in this procession, which start every day in the same manner, from the palace of each Car dinal Elector to the great court of the Palace of Monte Cavallo. On its arrival in the court, where a temporary hall i erected with pccinlly appointed for tlie service, proceeds to the inspection of the viand, carrying hi investigation so faro to cxaminointothc bodies of the fowls, tbe inside of the fish, and the bot toms of tbe vegetable dishes. Tbi search, ns severe a that to which stranger are sub jected from the Custom-house officer on tbo French frontiers, is instituted with tbo view of preventing any correspondence or external influence in the deliberations of the Conclave. This object, however, is not always attained, for diplomacy slides into every bole and corner. When this visit i finished, the Bishop delivers tho disbc to a subaltern officer, who places tlicm Sr. one of the towers of the Conclave, whence they arc drawn up by a machine and received by the Conclavist, who carry them to the different cells of their Cardinal master. Tho duty of the Conclavist is to watt unon the Cnrdinal.and to keep bis cell clean (luring the duration of the Con clave. It is an office in great request at this period, independently of tho excitement eon- sequent upon tho election, nnd the knowledge they acquire of the deliberation of the Cardinals. As soon as the election is deter mined, the new Pope distributes to each Con clavist a 6um of three or four hundred Roman pounds, on amount which is, however, well earned by the irksome imprisonment to which they arc subjected during the wbolc sitting of the Conclave. 