A STRANGE .VISITOR. Tlie wind lind beeii-bloTfiiin-'air day, hot as a sivroco, from a point a little west of north; tho lowering, clouds obscurccl; tho sotting sun, iiis I fo.ught hiy way to- u lagoon close,' upon tJio'-iMurruHibidgoe river. 1 Having quenched my thirst as well as 1 could, by imbibing a largq quantity of tepid water fi'oiii the la goou/and having bathed my temples with tlie snmo -fluid, being tired with a long walk, having been visiting a neighboring station to enquire after some stray cattle, my horse, from whom I had alighted some twelve miles back, took it into his head to strike for home, thinking that tho fourteen stono ho had carried all day was a trifle too heavy for any animal in'such weather. I therefore had only Ilobson's choice, and having made this lagoon, one mile from home, I was glad to avail myself of such cheer as it allorded, and a pull' ol' the pipe, with a few minutes rest on a log, on which I stretched myself, and be»-au to puff away at my leisure. 1/was'less fortunate than San' was. when ho went to look for his lather's asses,— -and «s:L watched the blue smoke curl up from my pipe, I fell into a sovt of a doleful weird musing, which gradually overcame me, and a kind of- fascination seemed ty); bind me io tlio log. The moon, 'about' 'four days old, was gradually creeping to rest in the west, and -tha' Ihst Vccoll octioii in my mind was — ' This is such a night as that in which poor Wills' breathed his last at Cooper's Creek.' .. Tho recollection of events that are now part of colonial -history seemed all to qoiqbuTo to. pro duce that' s6i't '.pt7 plastic- condition -that is somewhere between sleeping and somnolency., i I appeared to be quite conscious, and alive $o the slightest, sound — even to'the rustic of. tlte-'l'i/iahl in' the dry grass, or to the (lap of tlie nerve-fibered wing of the bat. as it wheel ed its airy flight around me. How long this state ol' things lasted 1 know. not. But what I have to relate took place before I | got thoroughly . -wakened up,' aud treaded I .my /Way home, in a state of mind that might puKf-.lo a philosopher. I have lately noticed a desire on tlie part of some of our public writers, to pander to certain morbid feelings that have been en gendered of late years amongst the moro ignorant and sensuous of our population — I mean their illogical leaning to Spiritual ism,' and had felt annoyed that there 'were public writers capable ot prostituting their calling to such an infatuated lot. This idea might have been prominent in ' my mind, I being, from conviction, a positivist — but to' tho narrative. I lay with my head on my hand on a large limb, and there become seated on a limb op posite a figure. He sat upright and his bright eyes could look down into mine, while I could senilis leatures and the intelligent play there on, without an effort. Thus commenced my interview with my strange acquaintance, in a voice musical and mellow he said 'llcst. Rest is tho balm for the weary man. Rest enables him to push ; rest enables him to become orderly ; rest makes him progres sive-: rest is mankind's great civilizer. While unrest — that hectic grasping at the unattain able — that desire to know too much, aud to be as the gods — is the bane of man. Tho mystical Eve taught Adam the first swerve from the true line, and the world has gone much astray sinco then. The rush and energy which thou scest in the elements is the result of rest. Thine own heart restetli even now though thou knowest it not. Every good and perfect work comelh from a well rested, and consequently well weighed, con sideration. Impulse may be right — often is right : but vastly more often wrong. Is your calling political? then rest. Is it reli gions?.' then rest. Is it professional, mecha nical, rural, or pastoral? then rest. Your countrymen's bane is unrest : they are 'in too great haste to be rich, or to favor specula tions, mental, or monetary, or- — what is worse — Io grasp at dogmas theological. They err exceedingly in all. Look at ail your failures — be tliey ol man, or bis schemes — and they are the result of unrest. Look- at -the , ruin comihg-'on all religious professions; '-and it- is tlie' result of unrest. Your political , institu-, (ions languish from tho. Same cause, Your wars arise and are perpetuated from tli.c.same source:'-''- Rest means, leisure. ' ' Your proverb says 'there is'lhck 'in leisure;' Leisure moans ?civilization in its true sense ; it means to .learn and to digest. It. ineaus, true - subjec- tion^ true neighborhood, and triio' religion ; it is in oppositioii...to,.iuijir,chy.,). (l-ev/ilution, ocult-revivalismj'i '.ait.d 'Upi'bstit-imoH, w either pnysieal, moral, or mental. l^ -is the enemy, of all irrational excitement 'of whatever kind. Rest is a healer. Rut your Spiritists, and Spirit-writers R oil like n sjveet morsel un der th-! tongue' ; the restless aud l'ouuda tionless ipse dixit of the designing or irra tional spiritmongers — the various forces known and uiiknow in nature are grasped at, and twisted, so as to make it appear that, by the moving of ilat irons, and furniture, or clothing of all sorts, is thc.highest destiny of tho human race to be worked out. The dark uceanccs, the rope t icings, the spirit hands and faces, the blue floating lights, the odia of Reichcnbach, li-is material vapour, and every ihing discovered by science, is taken and twistnil into a false groove, and tho discoverers as a rule!, subjected to great abuse — because they both bv word and deed confess that Spiritism is contrary to any conviction that can be .arrived at by sound logical reasoning. To what purpose have the Uomte's, the Kanls, the ISuchners, Pichties, the Darwius, the Huxleys, and the l'Yrricrs thought and written ? Y/as it to cast tln-ir pearls before swine? .fob of old isreporlcd lo liave writ ten, ' Cau'st thou by searching find out God,' and all mankind must submit to be placed in thoj.lirat. 'scale. ' He can know nothing without knowing himself along with it.' Having no knowledge of Deity, can be no fault ol' his, as a man can only bo ig norant or what it is possible lor a man to know. When such men as Professor Ferrier, who has one of the finest specula tive minds that ever dwelt amongst your race, reasons from a few self-evident propositions, up to a -great undciinable au wlnh', '? aud his reasons came home to the truth ' seekers amongst you, are the researches, tlie fruits aiui discoveries, of such inen's lift- labour, not far worthier of your regard ? and considera tion, I ban the vain exhibitions to be met wit-h iu the dark sccance room, or iu the irra tional aud dogmatising . productions ol the spiritiuongcrs — whom ye ignoranlly follow. And instead of 'proving all things,' become votaries of a system that has exploded again and again, in the short space iu which tliu ?world has had a written history, Truly the world is not worthy of such men.' At this poiut'it occurred tome that all my mysterious, visitor's- discourse,- together with' his ap'peiU'aniio, went-direetly against -his 'con- clusions, and I asked him hpw..heV.could ac count for his own appearance to myself, when ho went in such a wholesale manner against ?spirits, spiritists, and spirit rappers. ; - .. : lie lixed a knowing look upon me aud said ' Look at me. You see this Vrin;' which I stretch out ; you see this and that limb. Von see this head. Hast thou not known them before.'' 1' said 'No.' 'Then,' he said, inou canst lcnow nothing without Knowing thyself along with it. I'Yoin whence thinkest thou I came but from thyself.' All that thou seest is simply a phantom of thine own con juring up ; all that I have, seemed .to ? say . unto you was within thine own ken ; in you I have my being, Iladst tliou not had large constructive' and idealistic organs I never would have had a being to you. Your idols and spirits have no existence but irhat- you attribute to them ; we aro simply an anima tion of tho llesh and nothing more. I am 'as much of thyself as thou canst look at ab stractly, and you will absorb mo as soon as yon leave dream land. No human body can leave a disembodied ghost, for as soon as the elements of which the body is composed, dis solve, they must and all phenomena of the spirit kind. They, like, mysolf, are a reflex' of. thine own mind, while you are in tho body ; a shadow only to thee, but without power to come and go, but by tliy will. You - and your race are aro tho only creator^ of phantoms, of whom he make idols, and then worship tlio work of thine own immaginations. The clouds are now towering ; tho cold wind comctli from the south, to put fresh vigor intrf they lungs and limbs. Awake ! arise ! a wiser and a better man.' I gradually gathered myself together and btSguii to realize the true, state of matters, and, like my' horse of the previous day, struck for home. 