LATER ENGLISH NEWS BY CABLE tEYona the Daily papers.] . London. Mav IS. The money market'is steady; the Bank rate is 3 per cent., and the'market rate per cent. The Bank reserve is moderately strong. There is great speculative activity on the Stock Exchange. Consols are firm at 96J, and the market for Australian securities is-remarkablyfirm. The Victorian 6 per cent, lean is quoted at 107 ; and the 4 per cent, loan at 97J y the New Sooth Wales 4 per cent loan at 10>1; the South Australian 4 per cent, loan at 96J ; the New Zealand 5 per cent, consolidated loan at 104, and the New Zealand 4£ per cent, at 98. The -public wool sales develops considerable weakness as they progress, and the languor in the demand has led to considerable withdrawals. Prices show an average decline of Id. per lb. The fall is most strongly marked in greasy and erossbreds. ^ Sydney clothing fleece of finer qualities is in good demand and firm. The corn market is weak, with a downward tendency. The prospects of the wheat harvest at home are favourable. Australian wheat is seBiqg, ex store, at 57s. to 58s. Copper is easier. Wallaroo, £70 Ids.; Burra, £70. Tin is quoted at £60 10s. The-Australian mail via Torres Straits has been delivered in LondonLondon, May 20. The Prince and Princess of Wales have visited the New South Wales Court at the Exhibition in Paris, and complimented the Commissioner on the fine and tastefullyarranged collection exhibited by the colony. London, May 21. Count Scliouvafoff has had an interview with the Emperor of Germany and Prince Bismarck, and is expected to arrive in London on May 23. In the debates in Parliament on the movement of native troops from India to Europe, the Lord Chancellor in the House of Lords, and Sir Michael Hicks Beach in the House of Commons, spoke on hehalf of the Government. They insisted that the financial control over the army, which rested with Parliament, was sufficient, and the changing of the position of any part of the forces during the time of peace was essentially a prerogative of the Crown. Earl Beacqusfield deferred making any direct statement of policy, and the subject dropped in the House of Lords. In the Commons the debate was adjourned. The operatives have refused to settle the dispute. London, May 19. The Daily News states that General Todleben has forwarded an ultimatum to the Porte requiring the Turks to evacuate Schumla, Vema, and Batouru. The Russians have occupied Boujukdere. There has been a serious riot at Preston. The military interfered, and succeeded in dispersing the people without using their rifles. j London, May 19. Notwithstanding the pacific tone of the news i from St. Peteisburg the Russians continue massing troops nearer to Constantinople and the Bospliorus, and a detachment of their army is advancing towards Gallipoli. The head-quarters of the Russian army remain at San Stefano. London, May 20. Count Schouvaloff has started for Loudon. Russian semi-official journals state that the recent movements of Muscovite troops in Turkey have been taken on account of the health of the troops, aud not with the intention of oceupj ing Constantinople. London, May 20. After along and animated debate in the House of Commons on Lord Harrington's motion the debate was adjourned till next day. In the House of Lords, Earl Beaconsfield declined under existing circumstances to euter into a vindication of the policy of the Government. The Russian Ambassador at the Porte and General Todleben have assured the Turkish Government that the movements of the Russian troops are not hostile. Nottingham, May 2 The match between the Australian Team and the Eleven of the County of Nottingham has begun. The first innings of the Australians closed for 63 runs. Garrett made the largest score. \- Nottingham has four wickets down for 61 runs. The attendance at the match was very largo. Nottingham, May 21. The first innings of the Nottinghamshire Eleven closed for 153 runs. Selby made 66. Tbe second innings of the Australians has begun, and they have four wickets down for 46. The attendance was again very large. London, May 22. At the Adjourned debate on Lord Hartington's morion in the House of Commons, the Attorney-General instanced past examples of movements of the colonial forces without Parliamentary sanction as a justification for the present action of the Government with respect to the Indian army. Mr. Gladstone eloquently maintained the .privileges ©f Parliament. The debate" was again adjourned until May ,23. I The negotiations between England and Rus[ sia are progressing favorably. The Government have determined to repress the obstruction of public business caused by the conduct of some of the Irish members, ana a formal motion on the subject is pending. The Speaker was compelled to silence one of the Irish members during to-day's sitting of the ; House. London, May 21. Viscount Harrington, in introducing his noconfidence morion in the House of Commons, said that the transfer of the ■ Indian troops to Europe was unconstitutional without tbe sanction of Parliament. He maintained that the moment the expedition started from India the cost was chargeable to the Imperial Exchequer, and the assent of Parliament to the disbursement bad not been obtained. Sir Michael Hicks Beach, the Colonial Secretary, in moving his amendment denied: that any unconstitutional procedure had been taken, as the Act of 1S5S authorised tbe employment of the Indian army wherever the Government wished, and the right to. wield the forces lasted so- long as they were required for the service of the Empire. Mr. Osborne Morgan, Mr. Samuel Laing, and Sir W. Vernon Harcourt opjwised the : amendment, alleging that in their opinion the Constitution had been violated by the action of the Government. Mr. Stanhope supported the amendment. In the debate in the House of Lords .Baron Selbnrne called attention to the unconstitutional action of the Government, -as to, the movement of troops from India, which he eonsidered to be a violation of the Mutiny Act Lord Chancellor Cairns denied that the prerogative of the Crown had been strained, - Eari Granville criticised the conduct of tbe Government in. withholding from the House information of the|dispatch of the expeditionary force. The Australian Cricketeis, were most enthusiastically received at Nottingham. "Unfortunately there was an almost uniutenrupted fall of rain during the first day of the match. "When the stumps were drawn the state of the game was as follows:—The Australians were *11 out for 63 runs, and the Englishmen had sored 61 runs with fourwicketsdown. Garret made 26 runs, the top score of the Australian Team. Nottingham, May 2L The Nottingham Team scored 153 rtrns in their first innings. The best bowling on the Australian side was done by Horan, whobowled 17 overs for five wickets and 31 runs. In their second innings the Australian Team have as yet scored 46 runs with three wickets down. The weather is rainy and the ground dead. London, May 24. The greater portion of the Sublime Porte, a part of the Sultan's, Palace, has been burnt The fire is- supposed to- have been accidental.... The no-confidence debate in the House of Commons resulted in a majority of 121 for the Government, which exceeded their'hopes. Lonlon, May 23 The strictest secreey is preserved as to Count Schouvaloff's mission pending the reply to the ■ British Government ; but tbe prevalent opinion tends to a belief in the maintenance of peace and the early assembling of a European Congress. The Russians are drawing within the ' neutral zone nearer to Constantinople. On the resumption of the debate on Lord Harrington's motion, it was negatived, and the Ministerial amendment was adopted. The " Lightning CaEcdZItoe."—Mr. Moulton, who denominates himself the "lightning calculator," gave open-air lectures on the square opposite tire Narracoorte Hotel on Wednesday and Thursday evenings last. The lecturer, who was mounted on a trap, announced to a large and attentive audience that he was travelling, not for the purpose of making money, but with a view to advertising patent medicines of his own preparation, called " Moulton's Pain Paint" and " Blood Searcher." He claimed for the former the property of euring any pain that human flesh was heir to in an instant. Mr. Moulton proved himself a wonderful adept at figures; and worked a number of arithmetical problems on a black-board with marvellous rapidity and marked simplicity. Oddfellows' Anniversary. — The Loyal Mosquito Plains Lodge, I.O.O.F., M. I J., had Queen's weather for their anniversary on Friday last, and the whole affair was a great success, the attendance being the largest we have ever witnessed at any gathering in the Narracoorte District. There were numbers of visitors from Lucindale, Kingston, Border Town, and Apsley; and it-, is needless to say that the town of Na racoorte and surrounding district were drained of its population. Mr. Geo. Hntchins won the first prize in the shooting match; Mr. K. McLeod the second ; and Mr. Alex. Gunning the third. The entries for the sports were large, and most of the events were well contested. The dinner and ball, which were held in the evening at the Commercial : Hotel, were well attended ; and all passed i off without a hitch of any kind, reflecting : credit upon all concerned, and more especially on the management. We trust the Loyal Mosquito Plains Lodge will have many more as enjoyable anniversaries. The Coleraine Races.—The Coleraine races were held on Friday, May 24. The weather was first-class, hut the attendance was not so good, owing to the scarcity of entries for the Great Western Steeplechase. There was a grand struggle between the favorite Curator and Capercailzie. Curator was artistically ridden by Breen, and when " Billy Trainor" mounted Capercailzie few thought he had a ghost of a show. Trainor, however, rode splendidly, was only beaten by a bare length, and was afterwards presented with a purse of sovereigns for his grand horsemanship. The jumps in the Steeplechase were as high as usnal. No victory was hailed with greater delight than that won by that popular sportsman, Mr. D. M'Lellan, with Breadalbane. Taken as a whole, the meeting was a success. The following are the results:—Flat Race— Breadalbane, 1; Lion, 2 ; Steeplechase— Curator, 1; Capercailzie, 2 ; Hurdle Race —Matilda, 1; Doctor, 2; Open Hurdle Race—Goldfish, 1; Red Rufus, 2. The meeting, concluded with a Consolation Handicap. Adelaide Races.—These races on the the old Adelaide course were well attended oh Queen's Birthday, the attendance numbering over 10,000. The Trial Handicap was won by Talisker ; Pride of the Vale being second. Cyclops, who was third, was distanced, as his jockey dismounted before being directed to do so. The Selling Race was won by Baldred, Emperor 2, and Infant 3; the Birthday HandieapbyLockleys>Glenormiston2, and Whisperer 3 ; the Handicap Steeplechase by Larchedon, Slim Jim 2, and Darkie 3 ] and the Shorts by True Blue, Queen Consort 2,-and Minna 3. The Commissioner op Public Works nt the South-East.—The Commissioner of Public Works (Hon. G. C. Hawker, M.P.), accompanied by the Engineer-inChief (Mr. Mais), returned to Narracoorte via Binnum on Thursday evening, May 23\. The Commissioner made a thorough inspection of the country on both sides of the Border from Jessie to the Tatiara. The .people of the Tatiara gave him a most hearty reception, and he was driven all over the surrounding district. Mr. Hawker expressed himself astonished at the amount of first-class land he saw, and candidly acknowledged he was entirely misled when he made his speech against the railway to Border Town last Parliament. After doe enquiry and consideration, he has determined to advise his colleagues to introduce a bill for the extension. of the Kingston and Narracoorte line to four miles beyond Binnum this session as a first instalment of aline which will eventually be made to Border Town. The Commissioner, accompanied by Mr. Mais, and Messrs. T. Hinckley, J.P., and , A. Power, members of the Hospital Committee, visited the Hospital building which is now in eonrse of erection. We understand Mr. Hawker was greatly pleased ! with the structure both with regard to the accommodation and the general outward ; appearance. He suggested, in order to save expense, that instead of plastering the walls they should be smoothed down and white-washed. We may remark en passaui that the building is making- rapid r progress towards completion, the workmen being now engaged at the internal fittings. ; The Commissioner and Mr. Mais proceeded to Kii^jston per special train on Friday afternoon, with the intention of I taking passage by the Goorong for Adelaide. An influential deputation waited upon him at Kingston, and placed several loeal wants and grievances before him, which he promised to look into. Early Closing.—We are pleased to be able to announce that the efforts of the Storekeepers^ Assistants to get a reduction in their hours of business have not been without success. At their last meeting they resolved to ask Mr. A. Attiwill to interview the various storekeepers in the town with a view of persuading them to close their places of husiness at 6 o'clock in the evening. We are pleased to announce that Mr. Attiwill, after some little difficulty, succeeded in getting a large majority of our business men to close at © p.m.; and an announcement to that effect appears in another column. We have not the least doubt that those who have not yet joined in this movement will do so soon. It is to the public, primarily that, the storekeepers assistants have "to look for a reduction, of. their hours of business, and we trust that they will get that support at their hands which they are undoubtedly entitled to. Their best thanks are due to the employers who have granted them this concession, and to Mr. Attiwill for bis kindness in interviewing the employers in their behalf. Wabrnambool Election.—The Hon. J. G. Francis beat Mr. J. H. Craig, the Loyal Liberal candidate, by 111 votes in" the contest for the. representation of Warrnambool. Sir Jas. MeCulIoeh was the former representative. Death of life. J. H. Clarke.—Mr. John Howard Clarke, one of the proprietors and Editor of the Register, died on Monday, May- 20, at Port Willunga. He was born at Birmingham on January 15, 1830, and was therefore in his 49th year. Tile deceased arrived in the colony in 1840, and opened business as an assayer, but soon after joined his father in the business of accountants and merchants. In 1865 he joined _ the. proprietary of the Register. Mr. Clarke was an able-writer, a fluent lecturer, a useful colonist in every respect, and a warm-hearted friend; and withal quiet and imasamring. Land Sales.—The second sale under the Lands Consolidation Act took place (says the Register) at the Land Office on Tuesday morning, May 21. The sections ofi'ered comprised land in the Hundreds of I Baroota, Louth, Yanyarrie, Yadmarrie, Pichirichi, Palmer, Joanna, Robertson, Parrwurlie, Nildottie, Ridley, Tickera, Muloowurtia, and Carrabie. There was a very large attendance, the room being uncomfortably crowded by farmers, land agents, and others. The selections were offered in the order named at £1 an acre. In the Hundreds of Baroota, Pichirichi, and Ridley the prices ranged high, some of the sections realising £5 2s. 6d. per acre. The highest sum given for land in the Hundred of Yanyarrie "was £3 for one section. The majority of the remaining sections fetched £1 Os. 6d. The total area that was offered for selection was 96,000 acres, of which 40,135 acres were selected. The purchase-money amounted to £110,710 2s. 3d., being an average price of £2 15s. 2d. per acre. The following sections were taken up in this district: —At £1 0s. 6d. per acre—Hundred Joanna, County Robe—Sees. 174 and 184, 394£ acres, J. Robertson; Hundred Robertson, County Robe—Sees. 151, and 152. 973 acres, M. MeKenzie; sec. 146, 957 acres, A McDonald. At £2 13s. per acre—Hundred Robertson, County Robe—Sec. 145, 245 acres, A. McDonald. At £2 14s. per acre—Hundred Robertson, County Robe—Sec. 147, 307 acres, A. McDonald. At £2 15s. per acre—Hundred Robertson, County Robe—Sec.*-141, 430 acres, A. Murphy. At £3 12s. 6d. per acre—Hundred Robertson, County Robe—Sec. 143, 271 acres, D. McArthur. At £3 14s. per acre—Hundred Robertson —County Robe—Sees. 142 and 144, 639 acres, D. McArthur. At £3 15s. per acre —Hundred Robertson, County Robe— Sees. 148 and 149, 798 acres, J. McGillivray. Mb.. R. P. Bottcaut left a most extraordinary mushroom at our office yesterday morning. It weighed 21b. 13oz., and measured 3ft. in circumference, and was perfectly sound. and well-shaped in every respect. It can be seen at our office. Davies and Lewis's Entertainment. —Messrs. Davies and Lewis arrived too late from Kingston to perform on Thursday evening, and had to postpone their entertainment. On Friday evening they had a buruber house, and their entertainment gave the greatest satisfaction throughout. Mr. Lewis is a first-class pianoforte player; and does several clever feats of legerdemain. Mr. Davies is a good mimic, and has a happy style of telling a story. The ventriloquism of Mr. Davies was the chief feature of the performance ; and he kept the audience in roars of laughter by the way in which he threw his voice about and the humorous conversations that were kept up between various imaginative persons. The conversation between two figures—" Jack" and " Joe"—which Mr. Davies held on his knee, was side-splitting, and stamped him as a humorist of no mean order. The many friends of Mrs. Meld, wife of Corporal Meld, late of Narraeoort >, will regret to hear of her death, which occurred at Mount Gambier on Saturday afternoon last. Mrs. Meld resided at Narracoorte for many years, and was known as a genetous. friend aud good mother. The event, which was unexpected, cast quite a gloom over the Lodgemeeting of tbeOddfellowshere on Saturday evening, as Corporal Meld took an active interest in the welfare of the Lodge when residing at Narraeoorte. | 