'Tin: Kettli:"ng.;'; - '- i, :It'i"1aid l down :as a r.lu; by: th l?aw of. England thL' e'"ery tiai hhas a 'perfect ,right to be protecteld from viole c and iunces airy; annoysaee. Jo ad colony lili hs, howlver;r'the law isi sometirmes powerless to lay: ;hil d o f-i ts l'an gr rssor:: lby :reason of -rowdies. rpeltraiting their worki of iniquity in out ofthe"way places, and undr igise and because people who aros of a quiet, r6ctiring disposition :do -indtoareb 'tomix iup. 'with uniealthy 'sjiibbleispreferring rather to siffl'.; than ;to: pr,,?osutL These' 'are noo reasons, however, whiy people slhould isubmit' :to insulteig? lan'guaiBgei vulgar and indecent. behaviour?? andi : kerosenie 'thunder on; theo oc6casion of a mnarriage feitivity: ,Of ill.tlih' seasons when people relishenjoyment it is. on, the occasion)ofE a' marriago.e ?riThen :.it: is that congratulations ;:-arc 'rexchanged- and. 'blessings showered, upon the' headsof: toc happy .pair. . It is certainily outraging com-" mon sense and all decency. when a number of colonial gorillas, clad in tweed trousers and short coats, will ride a number of miles to.in trude upon the festivities of the evening and mar the enjoyment of the sooial circle :by conduct at ones disreputable and :low. Several marriages have taken place latelyin the country that have "been, atteded:' with: these strange, uninvited;creatures' : No fit may be well for those ,gorillas 'and :thiu shanked babooni to 'know! that it is ii-quit legitimate for tliein to twist ilicir'tails,riig their bells, and raitle thiei'ehiitn d noi'teiiin t.he domain of the ir ownlauid'lbut to do so out of their owni cfirelo is botlhi a' nriuisince= and a nmisdemeaour pun'sliabli: by .'law.: We would suggest two rem?'die.s for this growing evil. First, let thi ere be;a :well; organised band of strong young` men, botlh able and, willing to use their:fists and sticks, if required, to drive naway: 'these u isceinly visitors,. If this should fail,: take a ?econd hint. Watch the movements of the a ;imals, and act accordingly. It is said :that the creatures generally cry:out. in' muffled tones and native yells, " Grog, grog; give" usi grog, and we will go, away,;" .and if.no,.t supplid, the hooting and yelling, tinning. and ringing, are enough to frighten Rfamlet's Ghost. Well, give them grog..' But' let us, give you this advice-put a considoerile:, quantity of jalap in it, and then freely supply, every want and answer every: domand--ands we venture to affirm that the kerosene'thliun der and ringing of bells will; bon' be' exchanged fur noises of a .widely; 'diffe'rnt character. , , 