NEWS AND NOTES This day’s eventa:-Juyenile Industrial Exhibi tion at the Alfred-hall, with promenade concert in the evening; meeting of Benevolent Asylum com mittee; meeting of B.F.B.; conning, Dowling Porest Stakes;!, lecture , dpi; elebtiioity,.telegraphy, : and - tele phony, by Major Smith,' 'at'the Mechanics’ Institute; 'excursion from-Inglewood; examination at State school.Np.'S#:;/- o tec Wa holdover some reports and a number of letters. The 1 Hon. Major; Smith; . attended by Major Couch man, iSecretary.for'Minea, received’a number of depu-' tationa on ‘ Saturday morning at Brophy’s, hotel, on .mining and schdbl- matters; reports 'of which: will:be': '.found elsewhere. 1 ' In the afternoon; 'thes’e'.gentlemen ahd'a number-of others, were present at a'very satis : factory trial of Allen's patent safety cage,, held atthe No.'6 shaft of the Band and Albion Consols Company! \- J Mr G.Q.Morton was elected president of the Bal larat Agricultural and Pastoral Society at the annual' meeting, which was. held on Saturday.. 'The annual, report,.has,.,been carefully and well compiled-by Mr Morrison, and with other matters. at/the meeting will be fo’uhd at length in,another'.column'.; : ■ L ii The Agricultural and PastoraVSociety hava resblved to hold their Sheep Show.this.year on the sth and 6th September, and the Spring Show on the Slat October and Ist,.November.' '"/!, : ;r : / - . Thepraotical good use of the telegraphic communi cation! between the two' hre.! brigade stations was exemplified for. the .first, time on Sunday morning! when’ a fire broke out about a quarter past- 2 o’clock in a wooden house in . Hnmffray street, 1 between; Vic toria; and,WßlB : .'4i™6te»,i)alpßgiDg,to "a named William Agnew. The watchman in the "East had.rethed.tb rest, hut the one .in the City/ whose turn it was toslh 1 up‘during.';the ‘. small - hours’ of 'the ; morning, on discovering the* fire rang a 4 alarm - on; 'his' ■ own bfelli and then immediately used the electric, hell, to Mouaethe in ! the East, the result, being that'tha.Ballarat, brigade; though:receiving the .alarm last,-were able, from their propinquity to the fire, 1 to-'have'’seyferal/jets h of- water playing, on j the burning building before the City brigade could get to. the spot.,. Agnew’s hpnseYWM closely '-flanked;' on 'either side:by twostoned'hpuses, one of which ; was of brickand the/other bof' ‘wopd;- but owing'/tb.! there. being' ho wind/ .and the/quiokness !mth- which; the 'firemen : got the , water oh to the flames, neither 1 ! pt) these o ;houses/'or their' outbuildings; sustained' , anything .but, the,/ slightest.' .dam age;. from < the" fire.- .' Senior-constable Boyan / and several d.ther.ihembers'of, the police who were on duty-, at the time, aroused ,the inmates .of the burning house/' and; pulled but Mrs Agnew and /her. six children, but no furniture 'or clothes was saved.- Everything, was. also removed from one of . the adjoining places* though, as/it'afterwards .appeared,'it was unnecessary. As regards the brigin'oftbe fire! Mr Agnew, who says he is -insured.'for £100,:,told .the police that he/left the Ancient Briton hotel on Sunday morning shortly after midnight; and wentstraight to bed, but be assigned no causa for the ignition; of his house, and we were un able to ascertain if a - fire were left over night in'the kitchen, where the flames, were first observed. Being situated on a bill, the flames from the . house threw a bright. glare all • over ,:the.-! city, bathing, the eastern... aspects of all'.the taller buildings in a flood of light,; [ During the course of an Interview between'the Minister of- Education and several' members of the Bungareeshire- Board of/Advice/on Saturday, it was stated, that, the attendance at a new State .school at Wallace'was two, while at the Ormond school,'where; the'list only numbered about 20, the teacher was paid for.an attendance.of 150 children, a thing which Major, Smith, who mentioned these matters,' said he had quickly put/a stop to. The Bungaree people evidently do not.appreciate the beauties of the Education Act: \ ' The-hon! the ; Minister of Mines has announced his' intention of ap’pointing.a board of three to report upon, the merits of-the different,safety.cagea/used.io the 1 colony, and stated publicly on Saturday that Messrs 1 Fincham and Clark, M’b.L.A. would be two of the ' members. ~ We understand that the board to deal withapplica : tions for grants from the prospecting vote will be . gazetted this week. The echoes of Main street were awakened to some purpose on Friday at midnight by a series of the most harrowing shrieks, and following the sound Senior-con stable Boyan hastened to thecornerof Main and Eureka streets. There, partially buried in the sludge filling up adeep excavation, he found a woman named Williams, who had strayed from the footpath on to the treacherous half-solid surface. With some little diffi culty, and the danger, of her losing part of her apparel, the poor creature was extricated, and happily she had suffered no damage further than a complete scare. Mr Berry told a deputation on Friday that it was understood that the next National Show would be held in Geelong. A magisterial enquiry into the cause of death of Benjamin Thomas, who was found dead in-Lai Lai street on Friday night, waa held at the Plank Road hotel on Saturday by Mr Long, J.P, The verdict was “ That the deceased was accidentally drowned.” Since the Exhibition waa opened it has been visited by 107,549 persons. In spite of the absence of excur sionists, 1025 persons attended on' Saturday, and .the' receipts amounted to £25 18s. The concert in the evening ' waa a purely instrumental one. The box into which the patrons of the traction engine drop donations for the Orphan Asylum was opened, and found to contain £5 15s 3d, a sum for which the Asylum committee have to thank the makers of the pretty model. The following excursions to the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition have been arranged for:—On Monday, 6th inst., Inglewood;, Tuesday, 7 th last., Beech worth and Chiltern; Wednesday, Bth inst., Prahran; Thursday, 9th inst, Richmond; Friday, 10th inst., West Mel bourne, Seymour, and Benalla; Monday, 13th inst., Colac and Avoca; Wednesday, 15th inst., Fobtscray, Williamstown, and Dunolly; Friday, 17th inst., Echuca, Rochester, and Geelong, It is intended to have an excursion of children from Gordon to visit the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. Mr Witherden is- moving in the matter. It is in tended to make arrangements with Cobb and Cos. for the conveyance of the children to and fro. The appointments mentioned by us during the past week have been duly gazetted, in last Friday’s Govern ment Qazette. ■ ~ <■, _A suspected pickpocket was arrested on Saturday night by Sergeant M'Parland. Ayoung_girl named Sarah Ann Aswell was walking through Bridge street, when she felt a tug at her outside pocket, where she kept her money. .Turning round, she found that her purse, containing 55, : had been taken, and she accused a woman named Jane Smith, ■ who was standing very near,- of the theft, t ! A crowd/gathered,, and a man picked up Miss'Aswell’a purse; which was lying on the ground, and soon after Smith was arrested on the charge of stealing it. She will be dealt with at the Town Court this morning. ' Mr P. Alroe informs us. that.it is his intention to try and form a Mining League in Ballarat and the surrounding districts foAthe protection of the mining interests. 6 • A correspondent writes as. follows: “ Itr your leader of 2nd May you state. that money is leaving the colony for., New South Wales, and you seem at a loss to account for it. The interest obtained in New South Wales by capitalists is lower'than can be had in Victoria, but there is, still safety there for invest ments, as confiscation of securities has not been openly approved of by Parliament.and the majority of the-population; with the same justice aud consideration to the well-to do and-'indußtrious which is- accorded in the neigh boring colonies, no; capital -is likely to be introduced or .invested, here that cannot be realised and walked or,a three months’ lull. And the, reason . .of ; capital'leaving is the enor .mous succession , duties charged* herb upon large pro per ties. Should a man J worth‘;£igp,ooo die in" -Echuca, a tenth part,of the entire.property is claimed by the Government, while bn the opposite bank of \- river his heirs would inherit the whole amount. In England they would be charged some £1750 instead; of the £lO,OOO ■ rlittle may i partly account for the absence of tho , milk in.the pocoahut.”;- ’..i; . , , : ! Bunmyong Benevolent!Fund Crown hotel' ori-Priday, * 3rd May. ; Gfordiner*tin the chair), Goode, Scott, Peyronx, Thomas, Cassidy, T^mblli, and Mrs Bradshaw. A sum of £1 was voted to an applicant for relief. The secretary was instructed to apply to the borough council, recommending the ap- plicant as a fit person to receive rations from the Benevolent Asylum. The honorary secretary (Mr H. Selleck) tendered his resignation, and stated that the balance in bank was £16 1s 9d. On the motion of Messrs Peyroux and Scott, the resignation was accepted with regret. It was resolved that a special vote of thanks be given to Mr Selleck, and that a letter be written expressing the thanks of the committee to Mr -Selleck for his past services. Messrs Cassidy, Goode, and the.chairman (Mr Gardiner) were ap- pointed a committee to draw up the letter of thanks. Mr S. Goode was elected honorary secretary. The meeting then closed. Mr W. J.-Higgans, of-Warrenheip, is » 6 stand, about to stand for the vacancy in the n • ■ by the resfcnatbn !fT late p r e S to whom it is intends toigiye a jjomplimentary banquet shortly. ea . It is reported on good authority that Sir Sam. , .Wilson with the NaringWl llta® 61 sisting of 21,000 acres of • freehold land' which foraerly.tho .property of .the late' Mr Henry Cf : (whoso melancholy death in Rome when on a pleM, trip to Europe.our readers will remember). Therm* chaser-is : Mr’William Rowe, a -brother of the form owner, and we believe that the sentiment of bein' f owner-of his late,,brother’s property, had much in i with his purchase;,._ It > was, rumored ‘at Se time ..the sale to Sir -Samuel (then Mr) Wilson, that the cir ; cutastanqe led ,to, an, estrangement between th« brothers on account,of..the'.property coinannf u. family-,.- The price has .not trihsplred, but the if oumstance- is. "an , evidence that capital invested i ..land is beginning ito leave the colony finder tha poliev of our present rulers. U -.. . : , e ™ ; A youth- named -Francis' Walker was fined in penalties amounting to £lO 15s at the Williamstown Polioe-Courton Friday.for.the .pleasure of ahootine .ttjo tame,geese belonging to a farmer residing at Truganfm. - ''r '■ - l • .. . Mr 'lrwin, of the-Provincial hotel, has forwarded to fia his railway-time table for May, from which we observe that he opened refreshment rooms at the 'Hamilton railway station. ' " . On the 2lst instant the Ballarat Christy Minstrela intend giving a-benefit at the Academy of Music on behalf of ,the Benevolent Asylum. The company was some time back reorganised, and now numbers in it the picked-ydices'of Ballarat.' A, moat bur lesque baa been 1 apebiMly. composed for them, which we| are .informed,, abounds in fun and ‘absurdities! Assiduous rehearsal is going on, as the company aims at giyin'g'oho bf-tbe r beat Christy performances ever given in the town. - May success attend their efforts. ’ ” Although' a deputation will wait on the Minister of Justice on ..Tuesday,, to .urge the appointment of a police magUtratß'for‘the ; Smythesdale district, he has already intimated in;.writing that he cannot accede to the request. ■- A a . .: j Not only has . the-Temperance-ball been removed from us (writes .pur Smythesdale correspondent), but alas 1 the Temperance Society,'which was at one time exceedingly, strong,, has given up the ghost. A special meeting, of ■ the Smythesdale Fire Brigade was,held on Friday evening, when arrangements were made for having the 1 brigade represented at the Fire Brigade Demonstration: in Melbourne. * ’One of' the'SMythesdale;councillors at least has a very poor idea ( pt some of but territorial justices of the peace, and at a meeting of the council on Friday night he designated spine- of the “great unpaid” as “ fools . to that post. Not very complimentary, certainly. ' j i There was a long and, at times, angry debate at the meeting of the Smythesdale; Borough Council on •Friday nigh Von the. question of amalgamating with the shite bf -Qretiville. . The latter body intimated that on Thursday next a deputation from the Scars, dale Council would attend the shire meeting, and re* quested that the Smythesdale Council should also be present.' Recently the ratepayers in both boroughs decided by,-vote on joining the shire, and the counoils respectively confirmed the vote by a majority. Now, however,' some, of the councillors of the Smythesdale borough ' have deemed it expedient to change their views,"and by a majority postponed the consideration of the.matter for six months. In the meantime the ratepayers are not inactive, and on Saturday was presented to the mayor, re-, questing him to', ball a ,special meeting of the rate payera on.the subject, .which will be held on Tuesday evening. In the meantime the mayor and Cr Shep heard will attond the meeting of the shire council on Thursday, as a resolution on the books, which has not been rescinded, authorises the necessary steps to be taken to effect the-amalgamation. The master of’the Benevolent Asylum has received a quantity of sandwiches through the .kindness of Mr R. Ward, and delivered by Mr Carroll free of charge, for the regalement of the inmates, i- A meeting" of the trustees of ,the Lai Lai Falls Racecourse,' was' held'at Hager’s Criterion hotel on Saturday, :4th. ■ May, The 'business had reference merely; to some matters now. .in dispute between the the trustees hhd^"the lessee of the course, which it is not thought .desirable to 'publisb at present pending a settlement. ; ■ ”, . Sergeant Carderi Has received a month’s leave of absence, to' enable him to visit New Zealand, where a brother of his has just died intestate. The presence of Sergeant- Carden is necessary that the estate may be administered l toj and, during his absencejrom Bal larat, Senior-constable Leverton will have charge of Ballarat West, poHce station. ■ The first important football match of the season took place at the Saxon paddock on Saturday, when the first 15 of the Ballarat Football Club engaged with the next 20.. ~ Kirby captained the 15, and'C. Hen derson the .20, and after playing for an hour and a half the former had; secured six goals to one by the latter. The; play on both sides was very good, con sidering, that the season has only begun, but it is too early for us to speak at length of those players who distinguished themselves. The weather, fine and cold, was.very favorable for a fdotball match, and the many spectators present appeared to enjoy the game as ■highly as the players did. We are glad to notice that 'the upper side of the ground has been fenced, and . would - suggest to the club that if they could extend the fencing half-way down each side it would be a comparatively easy matter to keep the playing ground clear of spectators. The members of the Ballarat Imperial Football Club (late Galatea) played a match on Saturday on their ground, sides being chosen by the captain and vice-captain, which resulted in a closely contested game, some of the players showing fine form. Having received some valuable acquisitions to the club this year, there is no doiibt but that they will be able to hold their own the same as in former seasons. Tha members are requested to turn up to practice, as they play a match on the 24th May, The sale of tickets for Bridges- and Co.’s art union is at present very brisk. The agents in Sydney have completely sold out their consignment, and have telegraphed for a fresh stock. lu Adelaide, Mel bourne, and Sandhurst also tha demand for tickets is very good. Saturday’s Maryborough Standard states:—'Tb 8 running of two trains to Avoca will be resumed o Monday next as heretofore. Another change will a a take effect on the. same day, and one which will greatly appreciated by residents of Echuca and can hurst desirous of going to Ballarat, viz., the runni. o of the evening train right through from Castlemai to Ballarat.” A Chinaman living at Main Lead (says the Sipon shireAdvocateJ was, on Monday last, the lucky hu of a gold nugget weighing 25 oz. : W a (Gordon and Ballan Advertiser) hear that the Gordon Hurling Club intend to play Bungaree a early date. It is likely the match will oomo o the Queen’s Birthday. . ; The deciding course for the Puppy Stakes o 8 Western District Coursing Club was run oil on morning on the Stra station. A hare was eoon doming, and the result was that Sir Bryan beat decisively in,a trial of moderate length. We hare received the May number o 8 Illustrated Australian News. It is a very go > and contains the Chimborazo in. dock, at y > incidents in connection with State school c * view in Polynesia, the craw of the Cerberus, ihanent defence force, a thrilling struggle o ■ excellent viewjjf Mount Sturgeon, besides o trations. Jdver- The Inglewood correspondent of the Bendm -a tiser Bays:—"The other day « singular place at a roadside house on the Wedd au ,} A man called there while out looking for getting, into conversation with anotner there present, soon found that th|J * jho who had 1 not seen each other for forty J ' n try last time they had seen each other m the tvve lve. .was when one was ten'years old and tee Now they are.grey-headed men. ' VD . j: ve din meeting more remarkable is that they the neighborhood for .many years. « So great Saturday’s Hamilton Spectator Btal:B3 ''7 two cele has been the reputation gained by a -uflower, brated greyhounds, Western Princess an gen( i; n g that'-comparatively-few owners care, rnl ; ne and not to dogs to compete'against them.. " a . raee tine, the :spoil,.the attractiveness of the , nex „-,,.;aeriog tk» -owners of both the.flyers are seriously ,y„ 9 tam Di 3 ' advisability of not entering for t and f or ,trict;Cup. It is stated that £3OO has been on Weatera Princess, and refused." ' a jo rail* B ! v''The freqiient ,bursting of * parts* carriages (says tho'A^.and,. tbe a b t ? r r thatcauae, of the Footsoray station building® - n gj cer 3 of tbs . have engaged the attention of tu nt To the bad quality‘of thd 'kbrosene department.- tj, e . numerous acqidenta^anq used were h brand of kerosene used by, the £amP ilnf forwarded to the Government department s made by him, Mr Johnson found analyst; F .- ti f the oils forwarded to him the pom Di°mond To 4 deg.; Devos's.'-105' deg.; m . re \Tm den. Fahrenheit. None of the samples 0 nn to the required standard, and it,has been that none of such high quality as specified UC l lntract are to be obtained in the colony. As the Oriental has been proved to be of the beat quality. It is intended to use it generally. • - - Railway Department (says the Age) baa been ® 9 , ~ to reduce the running time of the 10.35 requ “ in from Stawell to Melbourne by one hour, and matter being referred to the acting-traffic 00 iverfflr Anderson), that officer reported—‘‘The f beingf mixed one right through, and having to oroide shunting, cannot run quicker than at pre-! d nf unleM the load be considerably reduced. The ? .Jdsoeed would also necessitate the earlier start -SflSlTib for Melbourne by an hour, and to maintain connection with CoUc the afternoon tram tO T, *o leave Colac much earlier. The 4.10 is a convenient hour for passengers to Geelong, .id ffi the event of an earlier hour being sub 'iftnted most likely patronise the boat,-which leaves t n’o rn nud an Alteration on the Colac line would be snre to meet with opposition from the Colao people,- Mthey object that the afternoon tram starts,too early “'-■Westminster Abbey," the Rev._ Charles Clark’s latest and beat lecture, is announced, in our advertising columns this morning for Tuesday, -14th met. . A neb Sis in store for Ballarat people. Full particulars mto price, &c.;, will appear on Wednesday.; ; 