OUB CITY LETTER. {TProm our own Correspondent.] Adelaide, September 4. : Wool is beginning to come in from various quarters. Two small cargoes hare arrived down the Murray at Goolwa, one at Port Adelaide from the West, and several loads at the Bnrra from the North- east. Several large firms are making preparations for a large trade in wool during the season now com mencing. You have before had a notice of Messrs. Priestly & Co's. and of Messrs. Lux moora & Co's. large warehouses. Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co's. great wool store in their yard in Grenfell-street is fast appoaching com pletion. It covers rather more than a quarter of an acre of ground, measuring 130 by 80 feet and is 15 feet in height to the wall plate, and will afford accommodation for a large quantity of wool. Mr. J. H. Grainger sup plied the plans, and Mr. W. King, jun., is carrying out the work. Besides this Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co., have a large amount of storage (room in sheds round three sides of the yard beyond the large central wool shed. The North-West Bend Railway is to be opened this month, and it is probable you may see large quantities of wool coming through Ka punda, brought down the river from the Darling and Murrumbidgee. Pity the copper trade is so depressed, otherwise we might look forward to a very heavy expert season, es pecially if the rise in the Darling and Murray proves favorable for the river trade. At a table d'hote in the City, conversation turned on that terrible white elephant, the Murray Bridge. This magnificent blunder— I refer to its past history—might at one lime it is said, have been sold for old iron and would have realized a price beyond what it cost; pity it was not then got rid of. In the course of conversation it was asked how long before the bridge was likely to «be opened for traffic. A gentleman present said he had recently come from the Murray, and while at the bridge an organ grinder with a donkey drawing his instrument came up, having travelled from Adelaide with a view of pro ceeding via the Murray Bridge to Victoria. He was surprised to find it not yet passable, and asked a person whom he took for one of the engineers when it would be so, probably thinking if the time for its completion was only two or three daj she would wait and spell his donkey. The official told him he had better return and come back in two years' time, as there was little ohanee of the bridge being finished sooner! A recent concert given in aid of some fund in connection with the Churck of England, and with the sanction of the Acting Bishop, i has caused some little remark on account of the incongruity of the pieces sung, some of them being high-class sacred music, and some just the opposite, e.g., " O, come, let us return unto the Lord," in juxtaposition with " O, who will o'er the downs so free; " and, worse still, " The Lord is my light," followed by "The Mountebank." Well, it is Baid variety is charming, but there is to some minds a want of taste and judgment displayed in these selections. A deputation of considerable interest to the farming community w.-iited on the Com missioner of Public Works on Tuesday, to request him to grant a reducction in the charges for the carriage of agricultural im plements by railway. The deputation was introduced by the Hon. J. JPearce, and con sisted of several machinists from Kapunda and elsewhere, being accompanied by Mr. F. Basedow, M.P., and Mr. J. L. Parsons, M P. Some suggestions were made for reducing the carriage on reaping machines, drays, waggons, deals, &e.; The Commissioner mentioned the fact that a reaping machine occupied an entire truck, and therefore the charge made on it was not thought excessive, as the charge for a whole truek was Is. 3d. per mile, and only 9d. per mile was charged for a reaper. He promised, however, to consult the Traffic Manager, and if any reduction could be con sistently made it should be. Monday was a splendid day for the Eight Hours Celebration, and some ten thousand celebratists in all are estimated to have turned out for a day's pleasure. There were three distinct parties, the pioneers ofjthe movement at Port Adelaide, who to the number of about 3,000 went in the steamers Adelaide and Eleanor to spend a jolly day on Torrens Island. A separte party of about 1,400 made up a picnic to Gaskmore Park, the resi dence of Mr. H. A. Short; and the largest gathering of all took place on the Exhibition Grounds, where about 6,000 assembled. There was a concert followed by a ball at the Town Hall, Adelaide, in the evening. The day seems to have been thoroughly enjoyed by those who went holiday-making, the usual sports with some few novelties being carried out everywhere with great zest. Bands of music accompanied the parties, and dancing was indulged in by hundreds of young couples during the day. Several very hand some banners were canned in the procession through the city, that of the masons being a particularly fine joi^e; it cost over £70. I saw three natives marching along 'Bundle street in the morning with a yellow banner between two poles, which I suppose had been given to them to amuse them. Their follow ing was not great, but they seemed very well pleased as they proceeded in the direction of the Exhibition Building. The Exhibition Building is a olace well known to most of the residents in Adelaide, but rows of offices in various streets, known as Smith's Build ings, Jones's Buildings, Brown's Chambers, Robinson's Chambers, are becoming so com mon as to be quite confusing, puzzling almost the letter carriers and telegraph boys. I think while every man has a perfect right to immortalize his name by attaching it in perpetuity to his property, it would be a great improvement if in addition the system of street numbers was kept up, thus :—" John Smith, Jones's Buildings, No. 22 Waymouth street" and so on. Many of these buildings are so much alike that it is not easy to re member them sufficiently well for identifi cation. Sometimes as most of us have found in our experience, persons resemble each other rather awkwardly under certain circumstances. I have just been told that a gentleman has lately made his appearance in Adelaide, so much like one who left here in cloudy weather about ten years ago that some friends ofjthe original man have gone .up to and addressed the new man by the name of the old one, but he does'nt acknowledge the patromymic. It is rather singular though, the name he goes by is the same as the maiden name of the former man's wife. Some persons who knew the original, swear the recent arrival is the same, so there seems to be the makings of a comedy of errors, or a curious case of mistaken identity. I have not heard of Myles Cavanagh, who disappeared so mysteriously a year and eight months ago. It sometimes happened when the Victorian diggings were at their best that persons disappeared from Adelaide, and were afterwards reported to be dead, yet, after a {convenient lapse of time, I have known some of them to return to the scene of former toils and sorrows—not like " thin ghosts and disembodied creatures," but with their flesh and bones, and limbs, and features. Truly there are more things in heaven and earth too, than are dreamed of in our philosophy. It is satisfactory to note that there is some little chance of another attempt being made to open King William Street once more through the centre of Victorian Square. Councillor Jones (not the political bill sticker) moved at a recent meeting of the Corporation, that a poll of the Citizens should be taken on the question; the matter has been post poned for a fortnight so that legal opinion may be taken as to whether there ean be a poll, unless it has first been demanded at a public meeting of the citizens after a show of hands has been taken. If, however, this very vital point should, be decided against the poll, it need not altogether cause the matter to be shelved, as if the citizens desire it, as it is to be hoped they do, it is in their power to move in another way—to petition or get the matter brought forward again in the Council. In the opinion of many persons the closing of the street through tike square was as illegal as the attempt which was so strongly and effectually resisted eight and twenty years ago, to erect a Cathedral in the square. A strong argument in favor of opening Victorian Square from North to South, is that it is already open from East to West, but as King William Street which runs in the former direction is so much more important a street than Wakefield Street, it is of still more con sequence that the square should not form any obstruction to the continuous line of the street. 