untry, Intercolonial, &g.; Novel Sukdat Ehtektaikmekt.— Optra-house was opened on Sunday g, when an tnleruinmeut, consistiiig -.ite music, readings, und scriptural ^s was given by Muosme Simeon, [Beatrice, and Mr. Montcgu Scott. \- ubtmauyol ihoee pKetin went there Jtuiiosity. The houfe waf, buwever, |»ell attended, tbc lo«er'i-ait heieg I'co altogether ttere must iiHve btti. • 500 peieocs present. Tne music • tcot selections lrom Mczirt, M-. n- [tii. aud Weter, togf.tutr with the r irom " Most- in E^itto," placed on et orgac, but this part of the per- . did not meet v;iin great favor |il iitbgu Scut't icuntHLiuti'd lour togither with eLort lectures. His s consisted ot portraits of our |ar, S:. John the Baptist, St. Peter, I'ludas Iecaiio:, all oi which were with CL-n^CLiab'u power and ex- Mijb Beatiice gave three resdriither rtciintiune. consi?tiug ol h Queen ol fecotf,"' " Tti: lindue ot Lull - I'm Queea's Lrttir." Ol ie lirst: ?.is ifie best, hut 1 tl,e wa t |ilij ou the pai t ot iLie ricittr some ^ilitaud ajiainbt hertLCC-ff. The •cc in the eaili-r poi hod ot the eu- ^ciint, having in mind tha" it wa6 Sunday evening, were very quiet; but towards the conWion tihey gave vent to their applause Jetty frequently. — The rgu s - " I i I - ; : A Dabing lA.cn we are Informed (sayis The Argus) wis pfrormeld by Guard Duffy on iTnursday ^verier, du^injg the journey of the 20 miritites jst 7[traio; from Sandburst to Meljioura, Shorlg after, the tiain had passed tl^tugh tbeEiphinstone tunnel the guard obseted spark apparently coming (rom one of Vie| carrfeee, and he soon noticed a j flame beak>ouf He then left the van arid clambfed' aUg the foot* board of the train uiril 'he bached the second-class carriage th t was V fire. He atked that the! window migbtie opened; ana informed I the! pa i&ngerjof.; whom there were 10-j-of the danger ty were in; He then clambered ot to tblop of the carriage, tnd It'ound tha; the kisene lamp had set fire to the roof. He noved the iamp, and' wjben he reached jalmsbury obtained a buckjet of water and anguished the fire. He had to lie {fiat on \ carriage as he passed :under the bridgeand altogether the adventure was a per is one. : Is it. Teue|?—The | Sydne Svening News states 'that a lau^hab acident occurred on Tuesday [night ing the" performance oil the Lady of L s at the Theatre ltoyal.j While Mr. i West was enacting the character of ; heavy i villain, Beauseint, and when : lialogue. with Miss Myrk Kemble; who sonated; Pauline, an el&erly; country tleman,! who was sitting with' two 1 ss, and wlici was evidently carried awi rith the apparent , reality of the scene iddenly called on the audience to reset he la'dy ahd iorce the vjillain off the ; ;e. On being told it was all in > play, li jllected his thoughts, md appeared mewhat abashed. It is needless :to ss hat his conduct caused a hearty laugpom all parts of the house. i ' j Mibaculous Escape—Sonjhildren, belonging to a re sident of iEgerj named Watlanson, had an idea tjiat Walking nine times round an old shak ghost would come up. No ghost camp, but a little toddler named ! Bessjgetting giddy at the fifth roimd, i staged, and went down the | shaft hekd fil Some dry bushes about : 50ft. below cht her body. Her father got herp, and, strange to say, sHe was not hu] 