\- :o: MACBETH. . ' Mr. ihomas ivemiy, a clever essay- ) ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charaetjr- ) iscs it as " a drama of gigantic crime » and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression," yet ) marked with great simplicity of general J aesign. ine aaie 01 ine prociuccion 01 ; the piece is set by Furnival at 15-6, ) and " we may take it for granted," y says Kenny, " that it was written in r the time of James the First, who ) .ascended the throne March, 1603, as it y contains an evident .allusion to that monarch in act iv. ; scene - I, and also a J complimentary reference to him in an- C other part. The material for the play f was found by Shakespeare in Holin- 1 shed's History of Scotl.and, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." / The Macbeth and Duiican are repre- I sented to have been cousins ; the first ( a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter " so soft and \ gentle in his nature' that the people ( wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and J interchangeably shared betwixt them ( that where the one h.ad too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the J main virtue between these two extre- mities might h.aye reigned by indifler- ) ent partition in them both. Tlie play all along keeps close to the line of ( Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the nou- f. appearance in the banquet scene of the ( murdered Banquo's ghosti" > This tragedy has been presented in ' Melbourne we believe oftener than any ? other of Shakespeare's '(vorks. The \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Ke.an, ( Charles Vincent, in their time essayed ) the part, and we have had other repre- \ sentatives, from the burly McKean r Buchanan and James Anderson to the / little dapper J. B. Howe. But few S artists have , niade - their Melbourne debut in tlie rule of the Thane of Caev- ) dor. Of those who have, we now call \ to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- ' atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs. Charles Pbdle- supporting him as Lady MVid- n heth, Mr. ilenry Edwards as Macduff,' ( Mrs. Winterbottoni as;'. and J the principal singing witches' were Mrs. 'S Hancock and the late Julia /Matthews, f Previous te that, on Aug;-'25f 1858, at ) the.same theatre, there burst . upon the V theatrical firmament ah Australian f Roscius, Master Edward Pole, aged J I4. He also played the part, which as S a feat of memory .w.as extrenacly won- ( cierfuL' This gentleman has long left ) the stage aiid become a " familyiman,'- v and now follows the prosaic: biisiness of a thriving paperhanger, l At the time of the " Ghost" sensa- S tioii in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy : ( was revived to be produced with " Pep- J per's ghost -effects," which were an- S nounced as "combining the real with / the ideal, the scientific and the pdeti-O eal, the po.sitive and the illusory," with V thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22. 1863, when under the management of the late (, James Simmonds. The part of Mao- ( beth was alternately played by Messrs. \ R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the Lady Macbeth was by the late charm- J in- Annie Lockhart. 1 . It. was in the- part of , the ." Th.ane's guilty wife" that Miss Goddavd (Mrs. ( Capel) made her bow befoie a Mel- j boume audience; at the Theatre Royal, ' August-24, 185.7, the late G. V. Brooke f appearfng as 'Mffc5d!fA. /" 1 The Opera: of " Macbeth,'' by Verdi', has been presented in Melbourne by ( -two cliffeient compahies at an interval J of twelve years. The first production '. Avas at the Theatre Royal, September ( 8, i86o,.wilh: the Biahchi Opera t.om- J , paiiy.rc.Signpra Bianchi undertook tlie music of Lrtiiy \iacfo(A,Signor Bianchi ( MrtciZHjLEihile'Cbuloh MacSftrt , John 1 Gregg WMter. Slierwin Mai- eolm. and Mr John Wiiiterbottom was conductor of the, orchestra. ..The se- 1 cond time ;the,05era was revived was ( at tlie Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. J W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title 1 role (Macbeth') was allotted to Signer ( Tournerie, Mtioduff to Signer Leandro ) Coy, Yianrjuo to Signer Dondi, MaZ- j eolm, to Signer Benso, Physician to ( .Signor Favas, Gentlemoman io Signoxa ) Tournerie, and Lady Macbeth to Sig- nora Zenoni. r 