) OUR -Altf ATElJR itT ' ) BOOLONGi. r He jests at scars wIlo neeerfelt a wound — KOMEcr. I One of the most awful recpllecbions Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his yonthfnl days, be used to declare; ) was when be made bis first .and only appearance as an ) actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at bis k own bouse in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad f conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the hoards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — bnt it ) was, fooli.sh notion, soon knocked out of bis head after bis ) peculiar dehfvt. On finding the Melbourne and S3''dney ) managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with hlearmg J red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the hull by the horns" and get up a compauy of his own down ' at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous, expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do the . thing ayeU and in. tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am- ' hitious amateuis, eager " to fret their hour upon the. ) stage," and one or two seedy outcasts of the profession; ) and be- looked forward to the proiluction of bis pet play, \ " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their \ words before the curt.ain went up, hub after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the ,jEt/t likewise ; Ophelia, an amateur, V burst-into a nervous" fit" of "tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury .was roared at by the local, personages who ) assembled to assist at the amateur performance. Bat this V was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the expense was tvyice as large, as be had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," be used to say, . " allowed me to have; whatever 1 wanted on credit, because they knew tb.at iny rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Metbod- ( ist, would pay. them,, bub! 1 knew very well be would do no such thing when.Te.fo/ind they woye. for theatrical trap pings, for if there was' one- thing he held in abhorrence it i was. the 'theatre. " V.AYhat was. he to do ? His uncle would disinherit bim/ tiim hiinout'of the house h'e had furnished for him, and send him' adrift on .the world". "VVhat was he I to do? His.creditors would not. wait. anti he would he a raiserahlq pauper, 'f B.ut for all this he did not lose his ' house, aud' hisjipor uncle's fortiihe. is in the bank in his I uath"e, tliariks' to tlie 'tiihely 'aid of one wAo vs. a friend to tlu3 drama as well aS: tothe.rest- of - tlse world, who advanced ' him the needful.) .Need .we .say liis uaih ; No ; all know I him 1 BuT we may, as weir remark it was the ohainpion 0/ the distressed,- " ' ' " u DAYID HENEY, of"53 Collins street east, ' "Who has! from .£5 toilet 0,000 to lericl oil note's of hand, bills I of sale (with- or lyithout .security), salary orders, life polibies, certificates, deeds,' bill of lading, legacies, goods, ' merchandise, oh expected remittances, or on moneys per- ) sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ) -- Bills discounted dailj' at the lowest rate of "interest, and J mortgages from 6 per cent. 