MELBOURNE. June 26. The purchase by the Government of the Hobson's Bay Railway, has been confirmed by the shareholders. In consequence of this purchase, the Govern ment have been compelled to 'place a further loan on the London market. This morning, at 10 o'clock, Mr. Bryant will sell by auction, the horses and conveyances used by the BelLriagers on their just completed overland tour from Adelaide. — [Advt.] What's in a Name ? Much, as the public find, to their cost, if they are misled into using any other Dentifrice than ' Coraline,' which is acknowledged by all to be the perfection of Dentifrices. Being a liquid, it cannot scratch the teeth, and its chemical effect is such that though it cleanses and whitens, it cannot injure the teeth. Ask for ' Coraline,' and see that it bears T. Baker's signature. — [Advt.] ; Owixo to the space oocupied by late tele grams, we are compelled, reluctantly, to hold over our report of the Primary School concert, which was held in the Town Hall, last night. It will appear on Saturday, Attention is drawn to a notice in our ad vertising columns of the L O. G. T. Picnic, to be held in ' Duncan's Paddock, on Friday (to morrow.) Forty volunteers met for drill on Monday. The next muster will be held on that night week, the hall being engaged in the usual Thursday drill night. The following gentlemen have consented to act as officers on the courseduri -g the races : — Stewards— H. R. Buttanshaw, Esq., P.M, J, H. G. Pountney, EBq., J. H. Allen, Esq., J. T. Annear, Esq.. J.P., W. P. Canny. Esq. Judge — Hon. B. B. Moreton. Starter— R. Lyons, Esq. Clerk of Course — Hon. M. H. Moreton. Clerk of Scales— J. H. Gilbert, Esq. Secretary — N, E. N. Tooth, Esq. The following gentlemen have been named to form the team to represent the Burnett at the Cricket Match on Saturday : — Messr-. B. B. Moreton, J. J. Cadell, Shand. Buchanan, Matlby, Bell, Ashton, Denny, Ca we 1, Tooth, and Gaden. But five of these had put in an appearance last nigh', but we were assured that they felt themselves quite competent for the occasion. 'The fewer men the greater share o. honor.' In a case of ejectment, P. Graham v. Rees Howell, which came before the Police Magis trate yesterday by consent, an order was made that defendant give up possession of the property in question on the expiration of ten days from date ; to pay plaintiff his costs, £2 2s. professional costs, 3s. (id. costs of court, and 4s. service of notice : if not paid, to be re covered by distress and sale of the goods of defendant. Mr C. Powers for the plaintiff: Mr. Barns for the defendant. The Lynch Family of Bellringers and Vocalists performed at Tiaro on Monday even ing. to a very good and appreciative audience- and on Tuesday at the Schoolroom, Yengarie' which was crowded on the occasion. This evening and to- morrow the troupe appear at the Town Hall in two farewell performances. A^changc of programme is promised, and, being race nights, a large attendance may, with con fidence, be anticipated. To-night's programme will conclude with the Farce of ' The Ghost in a Pawnshop.' The aid of the charitable is sought for Mrs. Byrne, whose husband, some time back, deserted her, leaving her with eight young chil | dren to feed and clothe. The family are in a deplorable state of poverty, and but that their case is one too delicate and too painful to dwell upon, we should be inclined to execrate and gibbet the cause of such misery. The Hos pital Committee have granted a small sum weekly out of the limited fund at its disposal for benevolent cases ; but more must be done, and the President and Vice-President of the Institution— Messrs, H. Palmer and H. Walker —have kindly consented to receive subscriptions, and will take care the money received will be made as serviceable as possible to the relief of the wretched family. 