iTHË MEEÇTJTO FJÎWA Y MORN INO, > SEPT 13,1S7S. '-j | ANOTHER night devoted to the Main Line Railway in the Legislative Council ; another adjournment ; and so our Tasmanian world waga. In the Assembly Mr. DOUGLAS withdrew his motion for " splitting the difference " witli the Companyfin connection ' with their demands for'»interest while tho trains only ran to and from Bvandalo ; 'while in fact the line was not complotod-was only in the course of construction ; and from the ashes' of 'Mi-. DOUGLAS' motion lias sprung up another by Mr. JUST, who modestly proposes a reference to arbitration of this one particular branch of the question, forgetful in so far as the Company is concerned that 'they rejected with I contempt the proposition of Government to refer to arbitration all disputes between the Colony and the Company ; forgetful in so far as he himself is concerned, that he waxed'very indignant with Ministers for submitting what he'contemptuouslyj spoke of as a piece-meal, step, and_ that ho be camo very learned 'in that constitutional law which ho said Ministers lind violated in asking, or allowing, tho Houso to propose a policy or 'scheme of settlement for Ministers. Mr. JUST now proposes a measure that would embrace but ¡one item of the many subjects of dispute and diftbrence, and would have Ministers accept' 'from him what ho argued, thoy should not accopt from tho ^ House. The times are changed, and tho Hon. Member for Selby has changed with them. When ho spumed from him a proposition which ho said left unsettled much' that was in dispute ; whon ho deprecated private Memboi'smaküigBuggostions toMinistcrs, and censured the latter for the'supposcd offence of courting such .'outside influences," Mr. JUST thought tile Deputation had the ball at their foot, and ho " calculated very considerably" on the squeezability of-Government. ' ' But the bold front tliey yesterday showed to Mr. DOUGLAS' assault, has J induced Mr. JOST to descend from his high horse, and in tho intorests of the Com- pany ho would,'if wo properly understand this notice of motion, accopt a partial settlement so long as it is in favour of tho Company.' It lias also led him to concludo that Ministers might do worse than accept advice from their friends, and thus ho comes out as the anticua ciírác of Minis- ters, not forgetting that " muchly " ill-used body the Main Line Railway Company. If Mr. JUST succeeds in persuading Ministers to accept his proposition -; in persuading the House to ask Ministeis to receive from his hands a more absurd and extravagant proposal than that which they declined to receive at the hands of Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr. JUST'S persuasive eloquence will prove of a higher order than he has yet dis- played. 'Seriously speaking, when is this schem- ing and plotting, to extract from a worried Ministry, those extortionate concessions to the Main Line Railway Company, which the calm judgment and sonso of right which guido Ministers 'and Parliament recoil from as an unjust sacriiico of thcColony'sintorests, to cease'! Mr. JUST very truly said tho other day that the Colony had in Parliament friends who wore able to protect its interests, and ho will probably bo one of tho first to realiso the truth of whatshe then uttered as a sneer. Ministers havo taken their stand, and Mr. JUST need not wondor if they resent, 'and obtain tho sanction of Parlia- ment in resenting, this continued chango of tactics on ;the part of. thoso who, having had more conceded to them than they had any right to expect, soeia. i inclined to try to what,exteut they can bo successful inj " looting" tho treasury. Tile Deputation have got itoo arrogant in theil" demands, and if, as seems very probable, the Bill for tho payment' of,iintei;e3t. loaves the Legislative Council with stringent limitations which the Assembly didnot think of imposing, the Council havo their justification in the mildly inso- lent letter written ori the 6th.instant>by Oolonol GRBY. to the PBEMIBR, read yesterday in tho I Legislative Council by_Mr. CHAPMAN ; and we must say, inpossing, that we hardly know whether | to admire tho PKEMIEK'S , cpuitosy and good nature'in so quietly receiving from tho''gallant, gentleman , who is fighting tho battles of the(l|R)iilway"Company,'a 'species of dic- tation which sooins to be a spocial weapon of j "railway warfare, or tirtunnvith" impatience from ( !a forbearaneo that,'is so nearly allied ito wantrof I proper self and official respect. Colonel GREY j would, scarcely have, dared to, address to a private I gcntlomon the threat which ho has hurled at thoi head of- Ministors,Hhat if.thoy do not cedo/thc half of the, sum demanded for the Evendale i 'train ' service',J iho''Company willl sook"uro courso, 'i' for; [ thoy/, recovory[, /of the t ^whole amount in tho "'Courts of 'Law.' Pass- ing over tho fact that that is just what every friend of Tasmania.dosiros, wo ask, is it seemly ,in the representativo of a Company having a dis- pute with'the Colony,'to'write tho PnE>nE¿that 'the acceptance' by tho Hóuso1 or1 Assehibly'of tho' notice standing in Mr. GIBLIN'S naino would .bo Jto!compeUtho i Company iitoiiseek» through tho 'Supreme Court' tho recovery .of the! gual'antpcd'.Jntores.t they claim to ,be ,duo to them between 'tho Ipili ^larch and 1st November1,'lSW ''Cdlbnol Gim'v'would appear; to think that ho is in ,a position to hold the. Assembly up In tcrroHm 'over the Ministry, and tl)at tlyus ho may, brjng pressuro 19 bear,011 the PluiMimt. .This,,jp plainly ' thor interpretation! sobral Members' 'of 'the Legislativo*'Council. placed o"ñ Colonel GUBY'S Injudicious and"ill timod«threatl;0ftiid,itho7gallan^ii'opi'csontatjye of tho Company will havo his dictatorial1 stylo to thank, if the Council add to the Bill the' proposed provisos that the sum agreod to be paid' for the period since thertrains ran over the con-j tract length of line and up to 30th Juno last, shall only bo paid, on condition that tho Company, grant a discharge iii full of all claims fpr interest up totholastnameddato,andiha,t,ifáüchpaymónt and receipt bo refused., the pilfer of fife Govern-] mont shall not, like tho loans mado the Company,1 be turned against the Colony. In opposition to out batter judgment, wo havo given m our adhe-j sion to the proposal of Government to accopt tho advice of English Counsel, and for tho sako of a settlement pay whatJlipsa gentlomon hold tho Company havo a legal if not an ocmitablp or moral , claim for, And this view of the situation has been take» by tim great .bulk, of.,tho pooplo of Tasmania, lBut ,Jif the' Company will not accept of Blich payment on thp conditions! tho Government have ceded, wo shall willingly accopt the, situation Um Deputation oflbr, and ask tlionï, as'tliey thrbatbn, to seek vodvèds in thq Supreme Court. Thoro, and thero only, and in any competont Court of Appeal, may wo make Burosthat snbBtpntifu justice will, under the con- tract, bo done to the parties thereto. ' REPRESENTATION OF QUEENBOROUGH,- As Mr. Gayor purposes leaving tho colony, it is suggested by Mr. F. Lipscombe, m another column, that a meeting of tho electoia of Queenboiougli be held at the Clarendon Hotel, Sandy lUy, at 7 p.m., on Monday next, to tako such nieasuros as may ho thought advisable. MA Lipscombe very propoily thinks that it behoves tho eleptors not to bo taken by stn prise jin having some nominee of tho railway nug palmed off on tho district. NEW TOWN ASSOCIATION.-Mr. Botts being unablo to deliver his locturo this ovouing, as previously onhoimcodiithere li'iH J)o no^eatipg.in, connection with tho Now Town Association until next¡wcek¡ when it is hoped Mr. Betts vtill bo able to attend, I THE LEGISLATIVE 'COUNCIL. - The Legislativo Council sat from 7 till half-past 8 o'clock last night. A little progress was made with the Main Line Interest Bill. Mr. G mhb having moved, in committee, two provisos, viz., that the interest it provides for bo only paid on a receipt in full being given by the company, and that in event of their declining to do so, that the colony is in no way committed to an admission that any interest at all is due, Mr. Gellibrand moved that progress be reported, so that the Council might havo time to consider these provisos.' > ' Progress was accordingly repoitcd, and leave obtained to sit asan to May, Mr. Crowther 'intimated protty plainly that tho Company look upon the £50,482 5s. lOd. as only ono instalment of what they expect to get, and in his opinion the provisos aro "monstrous, and inequitable." The,lion, nunn berVindignation however met with tmrcoldest of sympathy:. Mr. Chapman postponed tiUTueBdaynext hismotion calling attention to the Main LineRailway correspondence ; and in reply to lus motion asking for' ' returns'' 'under the Waste ^ Lands'- Act from 1873, the Colonial-Sccretaiy intimated that tliey would bo furrdshcd.l Two lief ¡tipps from tem- perance bodies were presented by" Mr. "Gellibrand, praying that publichous'cs should' bo oloscd on days of general elections, and that.candidates, shall be prohibited,from ,holding meetings in pubhehouses. Tb o, Council .adjourned fall 4 o'clock ^his^atternppn., HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY"-yrhe sitting in this Cli'arri ber last evening lasted from i ' o'clock*' till ' 25 minutes past 10 o'clock, and during that'-period a largo number of unimportant business was'trans- acted. 'It was resolved to go 'into' committeo to consider the advisableness of voting ai grant-in-aid of £f>0 for the maintenance of the ferry at .Risdon, and the committee was fixed for Thursday., A motion for the consideration of a petition presented from officors of the St. Andrews' Church, Hobart Town, and'for leave to the Rev. Mr. Storioto bo heard at, the.bar.of tho, House,, was,negativcd. The following members were appointed' a , select committee óiij olections, viz., Messrs. Gilmoie^ Belbin, Mitchell,' Low is, Clark, Scott, and Balfe. The Probate Act Amendment Bill was read a first time, and the second reading fixed for Tuesday week.','On the motion 6f Mr. Reibey, the following committee'were appointed to enquire into the disposal of i tho appli- cations of the.Messrs. Pillinger i to .select lands, .viz.'i-Messrs. Salier,'Douglas, Balfe,,,Scott, and iReibey. ; The l'olicc Act Amendment Bill,t and tho Scab Act Amendmont Bill were read ta firsti'time, and the second readings were fixed ,for Tuesday jncxt. , II;, was resolved to prepare' ¡addresses to the Governor'with regard to the applications"'of 'MM. Hardinge,'Mr. Wootton, and Mrs.' Beecroft."'The', ¡Military Discipline Bill was read athjrdtime." Mr. Just' gave' ¿ótico of motion ' for Thursday, ' that'tho 'disputed interest of the Main Line Rallway'should ibo submitted to arbitration. The House adjourned at 10.25 p.m. till 4 o'clo'ck this afternoon. ! PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH BILL.-It will bo seen by our P.uliamentaiy repoit that' the motion of Mr. ¡Douglas to permit the,Rev.' John" Storie'to appear at the bar of ',the house of'Assembly in'opnosition1 to the Presbyterian Church Bill was negatived on' a 'division. At a later period1 of the evening, ion the imotion of Mr. W. R. Giblin,1 who has ohargoliof 'the bill (not as a Government 'measure)iffuesday! evening, ut 7 o'clock, was fixod for,the socondifead ling. . 'i . - i\u,7 luiijiil^"' ,, i --THE WRECKS' ENQUIRY ACT.-In tha.debate on ithe second reading of the YVreçkr Enquiry^Act,' , Mr. Gilmore M ns erroneously, roppr'tel to lia ve '^aid ? that thd bill'was iinnecessary.'as'tlie MarineBoaid,' had full jurisdiction in the matter of enquiry intb wrecks. The boll, gentleman's L contention was 'that this jurisdiction should be conferred, upon,the Boards instead'of creating a now .tribunal >by the bill, and therefore it should be withdrawn ia its pro-, sent form. ,, , , , i(jl ' " » THE BOY PURCELL.-We have been informed that the parents of, the boy Purcell, who, as re- ported in yesterdays Mercury, was thrust out- side the Hospital gate .With his arm in splints and without a thought on the part of 'the authorities as to what he was ,to do, part of the poor, not in destitute circumstances the father being in employment in a quarry. The boy met with the accident near the Point and the schoolmaster sent a boy with him to the Hospital where he must have left him. We are glad to learn that the boy Purcell on reaching the Point had only about two miles to travel to get home. THE Ausin.\LiA>r CHICKETJSRS.-The return match between the Auatialians audthpGentleineu was to have been the last in1 which bur""rep"rcscnta tivés'wero'tb engage in'Englarid ; but,anoth'ér''eou-, test with thq' Players'-'a ' stronger"leam Jthan[ the first-began'o'n 'Wednesday,' nnd 'sb'far the colonials' havo done well,'getting 187 withiithreo wickets' to. fall. ' The match with the Gentlomon/.was .iimsUcd' on Tuesday, and, as has bceu the ease with so.maiiy; of the contests, losulted in a diaw-. I This,is all, ¡the more annoying as there was Jitjtle ¿pjibt jtbp, A,us-_ tvaljans would have won jt, for they were im'tpnly¡ ahpadof their opponents in the'first iiiningsj liut) hail made the large sooio of '249 with two .wickets tó'go'down'when the stump's were'drawn. 'It will' bo romembercd that the Gentlemen heat-the'Aus- tralians in one innings oil tlio' lOth'of May, and it is to'bo regretted theroforo thatr tho jcolpnials were not allowed tho opportunity ,of "'w/pnig' out '.that defeat. They have, however," diningrthci'r four, months tour in England, far surpassed 'anticipations. Out of 34 matohos they won 17 arid'lost''~C, trio're maining 11 being drawn. The team leaves England' for the United States, 'bl' route home,l on'lTuesday next.'1 I ' ' -'- "'I a-t . ' FUNERAL OF THE LATE MR, MORTON ALI.PORT. Yesterday afternoon the remains of Mr. Morton Allport were interred at the Sandy Bay Cemetery. The funeral cortege left the late residence of deceased in Holbrook Place, shortly after 3 o'clock, the corpse being borne in a hearse. The service was performed at All Saint's Church, by the Rev. Christopher Bromby, the Incumbent, assisted by the Revs. J, V. Buckland and J.C. Mace.-'Mr.' Cecil Allport port, second son of the deceased, accompanied by his younger brothers, were chief mourners, attended by Mr. Wm. Ritchie of Launceston, a brother-in- law of the deceased gentleman. The pall-bearers were Sir . Franois Smith (Chief i Justico),; I Mr-j ^Wtiçe Dobson,,^Sir James Mj Wilson, jlr. }V,. rJ$.] ffiblm (Premier), Mr.., Chas.' Butler, and Justin McC. Browne. Therp jwqrey npwardsL, of | twp^lijuiidicd followers, including tho Colonial Secretary, Attorney General,Minister of Lands,the Mayor and Aldermen, and a largo loprcscîitatioii of tlmlegnl and'medical professions. Among .the clergy wcro thejRoy. James fecott, Rev. G. B. Richards (Ptoaidcntof noi ton Col lego), audothers. About 50vehicles woroomployc'dih convoying them to thp^emetory. The Governor's private carriage ( aeqómpapi'cd.' y, Tho Van. Arch- deacon Davies,'- assisted .'by the »Rovf'C.'- Bromby, officiated at the family, vanlt, t which was built by Mr. Gregory at the -time of tho interment of Mr. Joseph Allp'prt,* tho father of tho 'dcc'oased!'aTiio funoral obscq'uies iwcro .iindori tho. superintendence of Mr. Whiteside«, of Liverpool-street. Ty\Vß may mention that Mr. 'Civrron Allport,' eldést'son df'the deceased, carno over by the Deñvent,' andíiriivedin Launceston yesterday, (but toolato to.be present at his father's funeral,' ashlin ebuld'not'got'Herd 4;ill last night by, thu .express train. As,a mark of respect to tho memory of tho detíbasod, many'places of misiuess _in town and at Saudy_Bajf wore partially closed yesterday.' ; i '.. i 'j , ~ ^ ' THE REV. GEoriaB CLARKB'STRAVELS.-Wo have much pleasure in directing the, attention of ""our roaders of, tho ' syllabus,1 o£ Mr, Clarke's Lecture's which) appears in our'advertising ¿¿hnnns.'^'Tlio letters written by Mr. Clarke during lils jourtioyiiigs1, ' and which appeared in tho pages,of the Intelligeacer, j gave ample proof 'of his keon observation of men and. things wlierc8oeverho travelled, aiid'fot his¡powbr' of graphic, and, not seldom, humorous description. Mr. Clarke's ability as a lecturer is tooiwbll known to Hobart Town audionees to need any word of commendation on our part, whilo it renders'certain that he,will make thoso "Way-notes of/Travel" as ontertaining aSjthey cortaiuly.will bq^nstrUjCtivo. Wo oro glad to see that tho managers- Mr! J. B. Walker and Mr. Chas. E.-Walch-havo-Uxod very liberal inioes'ofi admission, thus" doingltheir part towauls securing overllowing audionees, ThoJirst lecturo of i thoisorios"of six, will bo I delivered "on Monday, 23rd hist., and the succeeding ones on the nye following weeks. 1 \'.'Z Vi- Y AHUúi1' THEATRE ROYAL.-The Octoroon was repeated last night, nn'd we .were glad to notiaeiani improve .mejit^pii jts first proçluctioi},^ The performois had ovidontly bettor studied ' their parts,'"- aiid" Hb'o prompter was^imtao/reqijeutjy^eanj. ^Beiug-b^tler supported, Mr. "Whóatloigh'gave a very creditable impersonation of "Salem Soudtjer.'j r A .word of praise is also duo to Mr. Newton ^for hiff "'Unolo Pete," and to Mr., Brown for his',',Indian." AB "Zoo" Mdllo,"Legrand"ngairi received frcquont applause, and showed that sho'posjesses abilities of no mean order. This evening, in'compliance with a general rcquesty-ßafy; will/,bo&'i'ÇBtored(teytho boauls, and as it is a delightful comedy^ brimming pvçr^with merriment, wo recommend thoso who have not seen it to take this opportunity. Tho farce' ?A ¡Model ;o/ a > W\fii will conclude., <jJi{;trnn. (? SJ D'ARCY READ'S GHOST.-There was a fair atten- dance, at the/Town .Hall last, evening,'?yjiou; tho.' samo programmo as on tho previous nights, ivas igono through very sucoossfullft' tuelamusiug por- tions, of tho entertainment evoking a great deal of meriimeiit. To-night the same porformaiieo will be repeated. .* , I TEJII'ERANCE ALLIANCE ' SociEry.-The usual weekly publie meeting for tho ' advóoaoy "of total abstinonto was hold last evening ia tiiet'Alliance Rooms, Macfluaiio-ätreot. There^wos ia' gopd ¡at- tendance, and addresses lyeyo doliverod by Captain Fisher (who occupied tho chair), and Mr. Andrews. During tho evonjng voca! midinstrumental music wero rondcred by several ladies.aijd gentlomen. , LARRUUNISM.-Several coniplauits have reached us of the conduct' of a number of larrikins, who congregato nightly at tho corner of Gooigo and Argyle ptroets, and amnso themselves by insulting passera by. Latterly, however, they havo varied thoir pastime by thiowiug stonos, not only at per- sons in tho sticoi» but actually climbing on to roofs of houses in that neighbourhood mid tlnowing stones donn the chimuoys. Such conduot ought to bo at ouco stopped. If a policoman woro sta- tioned for a few nights in this locality, poihaps it would havo tho desired effect. j .INTERCOLONIAL FILI.S.-By the s.a. Derwent^ which arrived at Lnipippstqn yosterday^from Molj bourno,'wo have rccoivedJilps, of Yjctoilan papers i from Sopt. 'G to llL^ow South'Wales, 4 to 7 j South Australia,' 3 to 9 j 'Queensland, 2 to 3, ! j SIR CHARLES DU* CANE.-"Anglo-AuBtralian," in tho European Mail, says :-" It is said Sir Charles Du .Cano, tho new chairman of the Board of Customs, takes kindly, if'iepoit speaks truly, to his responsible duties. During the week ho has made the acquaintance of many of the heads of de- partments, and these gcntloincn^onc and all, speak highly of his courteous and winning manners, and quick intelligence. Having already acquired a slight knowledge of tho requirements of the Ser- vice, Sir Charles will, it is believed, immediately direct his attention to tho schemes for the íe orgauization of the different office«. THE EuciNr SVLMOX FISHING CASE.-Aaron Ashwood, the Water-Bailiff; vi.is biought up at the Glenorchy Police Court yesterday on a charge of perjury, allegodlto hávo been committed timing tho hearing of the chargo-against tho Whitehouse? iiiitho month J>f, August.) On the evidence .that w as then given William Whitehouse, senr., and William Whitehouse, junr., were convicted of being con- cerned, with two others, in the commission of a bl each ' of the Salmon Fishing Agt,i /Jt was clearly shown atino comt yesterday that the Water Bailiff had made a mistake with ícgard to the 'identity of' two of the men that wero fonndcin the boat on July l!)th, and that William WlulchoiifcC^senr., and William Whitehouse, júítr.', wore'liol amongst1'the'fishiug party. The persons <named were exoiforated of all guUt in connection jwith the charge of .which thov weiro previously' convicted, and tho' Water Bailiff, after being cautioned to be more careful with regard to giving evidence in futuie, was discharged. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-Tho usual weekly meet- ing of the executive committee was held at the Society's Offioo Bathursl-street yesterday. There were present Dr. Hall (chaiunau), R. A. Mather (lion, secretaiy), and Messrs. Withrington, Biownell and Witt. The registrar repoi ted for.the week 49 cases,. 132 individuals relieved with 40 full, and 3 half rations. Tho returns showed ono discharge from, and two vacancies iiijtJio^Now Town Charita ble^Institution ; 7( discharges from the Cascades Depot) and G discharges from the Brickfield's Depot. Relief was granted to two applicants. In the one instance the applicant was a young woman, aged 23 years, Jwhb had five ' children,' the eldest being eleven years of age. The registrar, during the week, had refused assistance to a mau named Charles Davis.'who had'by'false representation got Jotters of recommendation from.Archdeacou Davies and the Rev. J. Storie. It appeared that the man, ¡who had previously) left the Cascades DopGt of his own accord, was a notorious impostor." On the in foimatiou.of thg.registrar, ho had on the 8th hist, ¡been arrested,, and had received a sentence of three months,' imprisonment, for ' begging alms. ' Two ¡other requests" for assistance'wero also denied, as ¡the pe'rsonswho applied had refused to work, and Elad left.thc Cascades.. , ~ THE NORTHERN1 "POULTRY SHOW.-The eloventh annual exhibition of the Northern Tasmanian Poul- try Association takes plii'ce on Wednesday and ?Thursday next, at the Pavilion, Public Gardens, ¡Launceston, and'wo' uro'glad ti)'report that it is ¡likely to be a very successful affair. The total number of entries catalogued is Ö22, of which the ¡Northern, Midland, Longfoid and Westbury Socie- ties f urmsjinç.iijly.-'WO, and the Southern Association members' 'contribute'. 73. '' This ' last number is particularly,' good,' when the lateness of season is considered)" whielí .preóhidcs any ' exhibits of, cage birds being sent, and also when it is're-' memborcd."that (,many¡¡sales of .Southern, birds havOj been ""uyi^e( siiijio,. tho'recejit Hobart Town shoijv.'^In'tli'é poultry section the Game classes are st'iongest, Mr1. ,MóÓTo being, as usual, a very large exhibitor,' while several Other classes are well filled. Tlib ' Pigeon ' fancy has progiesséd véryniuch in the North thè'last1 year W two, and consequently the entries 'arcifnuch larger than before, and it is ex- pected that the display in this section will be reallv line., H The list of judges and other' particulais. will bp found in the poidtry column of The Mail this week. At a recent meeting of the Tasmanian Poultry ¡^Society's [Committee the following gontle mon-weio- appointed as delegatoä to tho Northern exhibition, 'r\u, Messrs. H. C. Jenkins .(vice-presi- dent) Chapman (secretary), Murdoch, Burgess, Luekman and M cAuley,_ several other meinbeis evpressing their intention of being present, in Icludiug Messis..Beddome, AValker, AUlrod, and Howitt, so that tlie Southern Society will bo largely represented no<t Week.' At'tlie samo timo the list of pnrès 'awardfitVat tile twenty-fourth exhibition was passed for payment, as well'as a number of account of show expenses.' OnHhe motion of the Secretary too, a ispeoial vote of thanks was accorded to the judges ; to the gentlemen donating the special prizes j;and to the Nôrtkoru and Midland Societies for the excellent help they had afforded. . -OLARK'slGAiEiYíritoÚPE.-This company, which has been giving i entertainments'J iii the country districts, is to open at tlioTasmanianHall on Monday next. Tho membeis aie Mr. Alfred Silvester (sou of the Fakir),-1 Riddle. 'Naomi '(Mis. Silvester), Ernest Voltaire, and _Miss_Minnie Nordt. Mr. Silvester is said to ^o equal to his father as a prestidigitor, and he is well assisted in the entei tain merit1 by the other members. '?' ( -J BOTHWELL RAOES.^Mr. Simon Arnott, of Both- well, Uelégraphcd ,that iMr.» J. I'Parker's? chestnut gelding Evpiess was' omitted fiom the list of horses nominated for thojBotkwell Hurdle Race. Tue MAWS WIIIZGIO.-Referring to the paiagraph I republished from the A tulralasiaii, as to tho pedi ¡grep<and history of Whugig, Mr. J. D. Toosey j writes to tho Examiner'.-"! am not aware that she I eyerj belonged ¡to the late Mr. Thomas, Henty. , She | was sent'out dii'eot'td tho'Crbssy Company iu' tho i year 1S2S or 1829, and was not shipped iu tho samo vessel as Bolivar and Edeline"which hoises arrived in Hobart Town in 1S21. I bred several foals from Whizgig, and'sold lier'OnMaccount'of tho Cressy 1 Company in August, 1S.1Ö, by public auction, at Ciessy, for £52 10s. to-Mr>-Edmund Bryant. Mr. j W. Al. Dean, of Launceston purchased tho mare fqr. bim, u Itji811pertainly,,.pp,s.3il}h\\..t!iatJ the maro nught[hjiy9"xbelónged Jo î&rr; Henty, after 11 parted with her, butiitjs p\osj¡ injjirqbablo ihatthat gontlo 1 mail cvfer éolcl lier/as yon stato/for i'500." * .liPSPBT í»r(MEUiiíp ^iii:ju',-fBy^th'e ^Alangana on Wc'dncstláy thirty-threbpure Merino'flock rams were shipped bv. James Gibson, Esq,, of Bollo Vue, Clevclafld"..,Thc13crshcop,Jhavo boen purchased by Alr^M.'Brtçkloyjof Victoria, ¡it a cost of X7 per hoad. This and other purchases nindo lately in spite of tile stringent quarantine re'gulationsOin Victoria, bear testimony to the high_ reputation which Tas- manian bred shcop \ia\o deservedly obtained. The studrnmsJpui1phi}Bed,by/2»lr.'iCatten,ioh.last weok at a çps^oXjl^jeVl'ifla3^?^ j.a,hV;?.1"PP0íl'.,by the, last 5flrwgntt it nia¿npjfc'l)e,jiníjitcieBtingto1learu wero veTorênce. tO(, .tho oxpoi tatura or sheop, wo may reuiark^'tsays thó Examiner) jtha^'it 'has'been frequently stated bf bur .côhtcinp'bVarie's that'Mr. Gibson has sent shipments of .slîêop for exhibition at "various BWOWS in the otherJcolomos}-* Such is not the case, as it is some years since that gentloniaii has shown any sheep out of Tasmania, and con- sequently; tall his nlHpmentsiof ¡lato years havo been sheep sold by lum or ¿"hippedjfor,, tho pulposo of sale,'? "rdi.nl. AY tiuuo I heio so long by S,taiï-Commawlor Stanley. A tele- gram to that offedt was ifecoivedJby the Governor on Saturday, and by him communicated to Captain Stanloy. Tho latter lfflSTTOt received any official communication from the Admiralty ou the subject, 'font' tho telegràmistatèd'h'o ¡would bo oomhiunicatcd .with1 by letter. liThis action tony.tho pnrt of the Imperial authorities ja consequent upon the stoppage by the Victorian Government of tho colonial allow- ance to the Imperial officers-ono of the acts of .Blaokc^Wodnesdayia&atlti; is 'understood that ,the Impeporial Government havo written, 'to , thp Tasmanian .Government, asking tliem if thoy wönlu bo . willing' to complete the marino sur- vey^, of the Straits conditionally'1 up the Im neriab Government paying (orib-half the cost.. If that offer- is accepted, tho "present staff will bo .transferred from'Victoria to Tasmania." Owthe1 following dav our contemporary wrote :-"Wo 1 hoVe Teasoii 'foi believe' that 'the ¡Tasmanian 1 Go veru -mont has agreecUtOJthoiprqpDsrtl to .which reference, was made yesterday, .to completo tho¡ marino survey j his' stall', M ho will bo transferred ? to'Tasmania! ~¡ñslcad*orboiñg sonffhomo." ,.!'. O t Tins ovoninc; a Sacred Concert will take placo in thoj (Oynffresatjoiiiil^Çlnucli.¡ ,Bi ightoii, in aid of thai Tlinrinnimfm tmH, À Special trUln'iviU loavo Hobait| TAwn-tórS 3p'p.ra!'. 'returning after the concert. '' b">A cüneert)<iri aid ofHliei'jreohànica'J Institute-will take place at ^órélL tliislevenin» r , A^iCntertauimcnti^mdjof tho Richmond Library isito take pliice on'Tiicsday no\tv¡ - _ TiiliSurcll annual »lnuu'lililS ihittoh tálcosjilaco_at' Mr. OracknulPs, Uelmont, to-day. Bnïîies closo at| .CWi.111. U ) T ' .1 i . ! TUB Board of Alangpmont of the Vonng Hlon's, .Association,is to moot at.tho,Bible Denût thisovening.l "atSo'cloékí' 7-J, "\\! L"-M «?''>'?" 'i' ¡ '"A'MisstON iBtii'bo'OfiJneil'in' SfelAIiohaol's Churoh.i .OampbeUiiTflwn, ba.ÄIqudayifevciiingi by.itho Rov.i Father Dos Chesnais. .v'eiiiin 'JIOI'JI ' iOM WE,haye ^l)ceu requested' by jRouorts and Co.J to(draw attention to" tho salo of heavy di aught, light .hurriess, and hack hoises, at Cooloy'e, NojvToWii, Tins DAY, at 11 o'clock.-[Ad\ t.] ' > (TAYIOU .JBROTHEna'MABAVILLA COCOA. -Taylor 'Brçthow, London, having tl^o (oxclusivo supply of this unnvalled Cocoa, invito comparinon with any 'other Cocoa. ,fcr Pmity-Duo Aloma-Sauaiivo" Nutlitive ami G\l«tj\inin¡; 1'cmc-r. ODO dial Mill c;tab]iah it na a favonHto Boveingo for bruni fust, luecheou, aad a "Soothing Refreabmotit nftor n-in*,o evening. For favour- able opinions wdo Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Jownal, etc:,1 etc. TAILOR Bi¡OTi¡nns' IU.sireoPATnio COOOA.-Thi» jriijiual propnration, ffhicll lins attained such a world- wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BUOTHEBS, ..uttdoi! tne sblost hpmioop.vUjio navios, aided by the skill .and .expoileuce of tho inventora, and will le found co combino in au eminent dogiuo, the pmily, fino aroma, and nutritious pioutity of tho fresh nut, .TA'^LOB HKOTUEE^' dlio.iohito, OieumB, Chocolate, Oicani Tublot», pli'ooolulo Di ops, and Alaravilh Ohocoluto aro htghly' delicious wholeuonio, Paoked in a superior nnd elo^äut manner.' , TAIWB Bnoi'nEijs' SOLÜBLE OHOOOLATK, and OOOOA ASH 'MILK, aro made in one minute, without boum¡c. ? TAYLOR'!BBOTHSBB' MOBTAIID.-Tho "Challenge' brand (doublo eupoi fine i quality) Iii oelobrâted'for iti Vêla», AwoaoPi upcrt üoioory tuas MiinuiiBracsSi . 