It is Romowhat amusing to find Mr. Fre derick Lipscombo, of Sandy Bay, so des perately anxious: to- manifest >the great interest he foels as to the individual destined to succeed " his' worthy moinbor. Robert Gayor, Eaq.," in ; the representa tion of the immaculate' and incorruptible, constituency of which ho lias tho honor to bo a component part; - No one will- pre sume to question Mr. F. Lip9combo's, or any other doctor's, -right to endeavor to secure for tho district a fit and proper person to reproBQrit'it-the fitness to be estimated according to the conscientious opinion of tho individual who assumes the offico of criti6or judge.' But the eloctorato of Queonborough has, for1 some yoars, managed to' acquire a reputation which; we regret to be obliged to acknowlcdgOj is nob one that is oithor covotod , ori envied by hiiy other in - this colony, wliicli has earned for' itself a character for indepen dences or for- ; sterliug unpurchasaablo patriotism. ,? If. wo aro-,, not very mucii mistaken, u Robert Gayer, Esq.,.' our' worthy member," has had sufficient reasons for remembering his connection with the incorruptible patriots to whose , disinte rested suffrages lie. owed, indepondout of- hiSjOwn individual merits, his two electoral triumphs) in> Qiienhborough. . Tli'ero/aro, unforUinately, some of thu clccioraics .on Hub side of the colony where to bo a loador among the voters is equivalent to being tho most highly and hcat reinu- norated of tho friemU of tho candidates. All diseases of a State lmve their prininry Boat or Bourcu in tho heads of society, for it is an admittod fdet that the degeneracy and corruption of a poople havo nevor yet booh known to comnienco in tho lowor strata or extromities of any community of which wo possess iiistoric.il records. The unprecedented stato of depravity and corruption which provailod among tho -.conatiluencios of the United Kingdom provioiis to tho Reform Rill of 1832 was tho work of the rich aristocratic bribers', whb/ lavished .their gold among- people whoso humble means and position inlifo rcndored .them nn ensy prey to their unprinciplod cnfrtiplcra.' The history of the Reform agitation tolls - us how ncar thn corrupting practices of rich capitalists and" tho great borough-mongers, brought tho nation to a state of- anarchy,'- which would corUinly have ended in a revolu tion, had not tho representatives of the interests established through tho corrup tion of tho comtituences yielded boforo tlio Htnrm they had raised, and surrendered it may bo said, at discretion to tho ht- oyitablo demands of the people. In this very city, duriiig the last general election, wu had many instances of individuals act ing as tlio ngonts'of corruption— benefit ting tliomsulves j by - distributing- . and receiving pecuniary reward in return for thu suffrages— who move ainoug their fellow-men with ati tho gravity audsolf- Hntinfaction of model citizens, whose ovory net niul wordy is regarded with -more than ordinary dcfercnco , Such men are by far tho most dangerous, subtle, and insidious ' enemies of that society which, unfortunately,' places inure, yaluo on their " deportinonbnnd oiitward bearing" than upon the known and woll ascertained facts connected with — and which illustrate — their inward disposition and moral nature'. Although far from having any desire to rank Mr. Frederick Lipscombo with thu clnsB of individuals wo have boon describ ing, wo cannot but regard tho advertise ment which appears in his name, calling upon the electors to ho on their guard against the danger of " a nomineo of the railway ring being palmed off on tho dis trict of Queonborough, and who may sacrifice the interests of the country for place, pay, and party," as a very suspi cious production, tuiu one which no jno who knows Mr. F. Lipscombo will dis credit him with being its real author. .The movement has been initiated in a very difleront quarter,' arid has for its object a purpose, that it might not be permitted, . to ..openly avow just at present, or at least until tho pulso of the electorate 1 if. felt. ; The -pooplo.of Hobart Town are/not quite so dull of apprehension as to regard Air. F. Lip- Kcombe as tho real wire .puller in this little attempt to palm off,, if possible, on the electors of Queonborough, u represen tative who would' yield, an implicit obedience to the little ring wliicli daily meets in secret, and who/at the office of uu extinguished Cabinet Minister, plot, and contrive, and do vise- plans for pbrpetu- uting class legislation in Tasmania, under the protenco of defending thu interests of tho colony against the Main Lino Railway Company. It is riot pnasiblo that a straightforward, honest citizen like Mr. F. Lipscombo, who lias always borne tho reputation of a good uicmbor of society, could commit Htinaolf to tho manifestly untrue, as well as tho ab.stird, imputations which, in a few lines, is attempted to bo fastened ou those who succeeded in saving tho colony from tho .fangs of plnco hunters, .sham patriots, arid dis honest brawlers, who, by the more power of effrontery and iiuperviousness to any senso of shame aro endeavoring, after first making a muddle of the railway, to bring discredit upon tho colony, and to involvo us in ruinous litigation. Wo are quifo ns well aware, if . not much bettor, of . the object aimed at by Mr. F. Ltpscombe's inspivers, as that gehtlomnu is himself. Ho is sinipl' used as a tool by tlioso who dare not interfere themselves, lest a pre mature oxposuro of thoir designs might defeat -tho purpose aimed at. A vast deal of mischief has been worked in the district of Queonborough, ns woll as in some of those of tho city, by tlio very coterie in whose interests Mr. F. Lipscombo is now working. We do not stop to enquire who tho politicsl leaders of Quetmborongh are, but, judging : by ,whnt; took place on two or.three occasions; when opposing candi dates, wero in. tho field, .wo should not hesitate to.; assert, and that with tho utmost conficlunce, that the electors, either in character or sound political education and .morality, would be considerable gainers by having those leaders changed if they happen to bo tho same ns thus under whose dirnction tho elcctorato 1ms acquired such unenviable notorioty. That a very largo proportion «f tlio electors are all that independent patriots' should- be' we havo hail ample proof ; bnt that among those who might bo supposed to bo fur above the influence of bribery- or tlio arts of corruption, there aro many wh.o, if right was done, ought not to bo ontrnstod with the electoral franchise we luve still stronger reasons for behoving. Although differing very widely from Sir. Gayor in his political views, wo have no intention of casting npon him any unworthy refloction in reforoncO; to ., his connection with: a constituency which; had among them, long beforo ho came to this colony,1 many whose fingers had felt the : electric iufluorico . of . tho briber's gold. Tho electors will, no-doubt,- Have. a. choice !of- candidates. At present we are not, at liborty to say all- wo know. in reference to the scheme of wliicli it is attempted to make Mr. F. Lipscombo tho cats-paw ; but tlie public may-rost assured 'Wd shall, whon the proper time, arrives, havo some- thing to say in 'defpnee .of the cause' which is hateful to,, and hated ',:by, .that class who aro accustomed to use urisus-, peering easy, men, to,', do work it would; bo fatal to. their plans to touch tliemscivos. Wq shall riot permit' even Mir. F,t Lipscombo to cast dirt, at tho bidding of othors, upon a party and upon men who would not associato, or havo anything lo do, with tho political niuck-worms he appears to admire so much; and by whoso chariot whoois ho scorns pleased to .bo dragged, whonovor.it is thought necessary to use him. " ' ' ' Tub most iniquitous 'pioco of fiscal legis: lation by wliicli .the interests of .the great body of thVindu'strious ' arid consuming olassos of this or any other portion of Hor Majesty's subjects was everafflicted is the tax imposed by Mr. Thomas Daniel Chap-, man on'Tho'aiitriial food' required for tho healthy sustonanco of "the pooplc. This toll upon the food of the -inhabitants was imposed, not so much for aiding the rovo'nuo, as for conciliating a class which, ns a body, has always; exhibited an indif- forencb-.to all othor interests but their owrij wliicH is a marked characteristic, of the groat majority of-' its members. An' k attempt was made;" rsoirie 'timo before Mr. TJiomriB Daniel Chapinmi adopted tliisirihuniaii.modeof purclnriiiig political piitri)ringer : 'by n,Mr. ' Clmrlus Mcrodith, when Oploni'il Treasuror, to introduce the tax upon cattle, slibep): arid moat of all descriptions/ But it was upon consideration abmi'torid as iinpolitic, and too obviously partaking of closk legislation. Mr. -Tliomos Daniel Chapman, however, ' had no hesitation in adopting the scheme whon lie fouiid that his betrayal of the confidence of the Launceston doctors, and his rejection by a largo majority or those of Hobart Town, rendered it necessary for liiin, if ho inuant to retain place and pay, to do homage to the sheep and cattle owners, so that he might fall back upon tliem as supports whonuvor ho found himself deserted by the people, whoso " friend" ho had always assumed to be. >'ad this deponed Minis ter succcedod in closing up the Main' Line Railway, five-sixths of the people of this oity would have found the use of animal food denied them. At prcsont, tho con suming class of Tasmania pay something like £30,000 annually to the breeders of slieop and cattle, and the router propor tion of this heavy imposition falls upon tho people of thin city and tlio suburban districts. But whut makes the dishonest purpose for which this infamous tax lias iiOQii imposed the more apparent, is, that whon it was suggested by Mr. Meredith, it was denounced in terms of vituporntivc reprobation just as coarse, vulgar, but more applicable, ' than those unod by Mr. Thomas Daniel Champan, tho ex pelled Cabinet Minister, whon brawling about Albort or Baron Grant. But nt this time lio did not foresee tlmt Mr. John Oiookos, who resigned bis scat for Launceston in order to permit Mr. T. D. Chapman to enjoy place and pay, would expire on a public platform while de nouncing him in terms of tho most unequivocal condemnation. The move was as unprincipled as it was heart less and cunning. What enrod ho about diminishing ' the daily consump tion of annual food by tho indus trious masses of tho tax - payors,, if he could only succeed in securing aneli support as would enable him to live upon the public lie was so cruelly wronging. Wo uro to havo, it is said, -tho financial statement of the Treasurer presentod to us on Fridaj' next. Jf wo aro not mis taken, Mr. Giblin is pledged to repeal this impost. Has lie the morabcouiuge to propose its repeal! . We doubt it very much. He is professionally bound up with the influential but small soetion of tiio community, who uro enriched at the expense of tho labor ami industry of the colony ; and it is wclbknown that ho has for colleagues those who would not willingly surrender any advantago they may havo acquired,: no matter by what means. Wo cannot forget how they hold on to the fruits of the robbery of our working claasos that was planned and carried out. in secret by a brace of attorneys at' 'the closo of the session, in violation of ; tlie privileges of the House of Assonibly, . and nt a timo when tho majority of tho meinbors had retired to their homes in tlio fuH convic,- tion that tho business of Parliament was practically closed. This lii'euii advantage was recommended for adoption,. -and was forced through the Houso of Assoinbly, by Mr. Thomas Daniel Ohapinan, wlio, in the whole conrso of his long public career, was never known to support or favor by word or net any schemo or proposition of li popular or liboral cha racter. Wo shall narrowly watch Mr. Giblin's conduct when ho comes to deal with tho cattle-tax ; and should lis fail to redeem tho promisoho mado iu tho Town Hall when seeking election by tho doctors of Central Hobart, ho will only confirm an opinion that his tortnous and disin genuous course of actiou has for some timo boon Btronglhoiiing, nnmoly— that ho is a worthy aluinniis of the political school he has taken his degrees under the pre sidency of the lion, member for Bucking ham. Thoveriostsham, the most arrant im position, and foulest effort ovormado to de lude a public, is that now being attempted to bo realised by anti-railway momoers, who would bo starved nut of' the colony had Mr. Thomas Daniel Chapman been pormittod to 'further load -articles of general consumption with taxes, itnd to shut : up . tlio great artory connecting tho city with the country, and through which tlio lifo-blood that supports datly circulates What would liavo been tho condition of trade,- omploymont, and all brandies of industry— including build ing and improvement of all kinds now going on, but for this railway, which six out of the seven who voted iu favor of Messrs Grubb and Chapman's suicidal motions desire to sec clusod up alto-: getlior, rind who, nb initio, opposed tho construction of the line on any terms and for what reason ? Bocbusq they wished to save1 their pockets, , no matter what might become of the colony. It is discouraging to see a man like Mr. F.- Lipscombo allowing himself 'to bo mado the willing instrument of such unreason ing and selfish enemies to everything but thu interests of a class. TULEOItAPHIC iNTEUllUPTION. — It was notified at the local oflico yesterday that the Government line between Launceston and Hobart Town was down at Bridgewator, and ' that the Fort Danvin line wus inter rupted north of Alice Springs. Viue-Rkoai. Visit .to the North. — His Excellency the Governor, attended by Lt.- CuL St. Hill, will leavo by this morning's oxpress to be present. at the annual exhibition of the Tasmania!! Agricultural and Pastoral Association, and . to open tho show of the Northern Tasmania!) Poultry Society to morrow. Lt.-Col. St. Hill will tako advan tage oi his presence in the North to hold an inspection' of the Northern Detachments, both Artillery aud Infantry, this eveuiug, and will be accompanied for that purpose by .Captain Boddam, staff officer. The " Chro nicle" says :— His Excellency and party will bo received at tho railway station by a' guard 'of honor. Business NotOx.— On learning that tho Tasmanian Government had undertaken to continue the survey of Bass's , Straits, says the "Argus," Mr. Berry offered 'to. sell the Victoria to that colony. On Thursday, how ever, tho'hon. goiitleinan received atclograin declining the offer, on the ground tliat the vessel is unsuitable for tho work. ; She draws too much whtor. There' has been no offer for the Victoria since Captain Waddell de sired to buy her for use in, lieu of tlio Shenandoah.' .. Deatii of an Old Coudnjst.— Mr. John Barrett, a colonist . of very long standing, diod at his. residence,: Frankland-strcot, on Saturday, at the advanced age, of 72 years. Ho had amassed , a competency, by licensed victualling,, aiul,. for many years; past, had boon living iri rbtircnient. IIo' was always noted as a liberal and large-hearted man of a gcuial disposition', and liia loss will bo felt by many. The deceased occupied a seat in tlio town Council;. and lent his aid to every work of: progress: The body was buried vesterday, and at the funeral there: was a largo attendance of his fellow burgesses. Launceston Correspondent. i Concert at BmnirroN.— On Friday last a sacred soncort was lield.iii the Congrega tional Church, Brighton.;- ; About 80 friencls availed tlibmsplycs of tlio'special train wliicli had;bccn put on for.the.occasion from town, rind the ' local frien'ds turned out in " largo numbers, 5 so : that Altogether there were about 250 jwoplo present. The programme consisted- ; of 1 1 anthems, -interspersed ' with songs, among whioh we -may mention, "I know that Thy Redeemer livoth,4"." David, before Saul," "Charity," by lady amateurs':" and thp j "/Day of . Rest,!' by a gentleman amateur. One pleasing feature on this occa sion was the kipd assistance given by monD hereof qriier'derioniinationa,'. arid 'to, whom, indeed, the success of the concert was inaiiily- due. We wish we could' see mbrc of this pint in counfcrydistricfca. ' ' ' TiruNlNnTUKTAiiLKN.— 1 "riSgles," in last Saturdays " Australasian," writes tho following humorous incident : — It was 1 o'clock m tho morning, and mining heavily, when Toprail knocked at the closed door of his hotel: He knocked a good deal, and then he rang. Ringing in the rain at so late an hour does not promote good temper, but ho rang oil wearily Imt strongly. A late cabman joined him, and relieved his exertions at the boll. After ft most effective triple bob-major, there crawled to tlio door a sleepy night porter, who had probably been dreaming of the far-off English village chime of his innocent youth. As ho slowly opened tho door, Toprail, who had been 10 minutes outride, dashed in and said, " Look here, now tluit you have let me in, I mean to put you out 1" That porter, now thoroughly awake,' put himself in an altitude of defence. Within 10 seconds lie was oil a \vct pave- vont outside a locked door. Toprail found hi candlestick, and calmly ascended tho stairs. Before lie had reached tho first floor there commenced a fresh peal upon the bolls. If Edgar Foe had been about, lie would havo discovered a new motive in these bulls, ex pressive of tlio woes of a barefooted night porter launched out of a warm bed into n cold wet street. Bcfriro Toprail reached his 'chamber there mot him an alarmed landlady, in a dressing-gown. "Oh, Mr. Toprail, what's tho matter ? How did you get in?" Rjo,1 T. — "The night porter let me in." " Whcrecnti lie be now?" said Madame. "Mr. Toprail, would you mind .going down and waking him up?' " Woll, really, mudamo, I must decline to . look after your .servants. Besides, I'm quite sure he is awake. .Ho can't have gone to sleep since I saw liiin." Whilst this parley was taking place; tho clang of the boll had risen to such intensity that the entire household was awake, and alarmed lodgers were asking each other on stairs and iu passages " Where the brewns?'.'' Toprail at lougth told hi landlady that he hail reason to bolicvo that tho alarm wa caused by that night porter. -But lie euinc off second - best, . after all. Ho was to bo called at (J, to procucd on a railway journey. . Ho was awakened just 15 minutes before tlio train started, and had to travel iu uncleaned boots ! The Foi.ick. — An important petition was presented to the City Council by Alderman Burgess yesterday afternoon, from the officers, sergeants, and constable of .our police force, praying for ameliorations, set' out at length elsewhere. It was referred to tho Polieo Coirunittoo, of which Alderman Wutchorn was made a member for tho occa sion, his sorvicus being deemed especially .valuable iu considering the subject. 'PnrzB Essay.— We have received a prize essay, on Charity and Philanthropy, by the Rev. S. W. Brooks, of Ashficlu, Sydney, which deals with-. the . institutions of that eity which aim at thu diminution of vice or tho alleviation of . inisory. Tho pamphlet is Jiublishcd for gratis distribution by Mr. W. ). Campbell, of Sydney, . . PiiOTonRAPHY. — Wo yesterday had the pleasure of seeing a very faithful photograph at the late fancy costume football match, taken by Mr. .Frank Miller, of Mtirmy- street. The likenesses are very .nrtisticully depicted, and the various dresses are excel lently takoit. Fancy Dukss Ball. — Tho committao of the Mercantile Assembly intend to bring their season of 1S7S to a close by a fancy dress ball, to be bold at Webb's Rooms,' on Thursday oventng; October 17, commencing at S, and judging from the success wliicli attended that held last your under similar auspices, thoro is every probability of that in prospect being well patronised. Tho prices of tho tiekcts are reasonable, and, wc undcrstautd every precaution will be used to keep the ball seloct. As the number of tickots are limited, wa would recommend those who intend to avail thomsclrcs of tho opportunity offered to secure them early. Messrs. Den ti th and Fowler are to supply the music, and Mr. Jno. Webb tho refresnments, General Hospital. — The Secretary re ports as follows : — Romaining Septombor 7, G9, admitted .since 14, discharged !, remain, ing September 14, 7G, new dispensary patients 19. , Northern Fuowikss.— Mr. W. J. Rout, wholesale ironmonger, of Charles-street, Launceston, has developed an industry which, pcrbnps', 1ms very few rivals in these coloniaii, viz., that of galvanising. ironwork. Any iron article under two foot long 1 is quickly transformed into tho most imperish able metal. Wc Imvu received a specimen of the work of which Mr. Rout's enterprise is capable, in the form of a bucket. It is remark&hly.wcU; made, and it great strength should command a ready. . sale for many counterparts. D'Arcy Read's Ghost.— The spectres again appeared lost evening to grcAtadvan- , tagc, there being a large audience, which fact speaks well for the pleasurable character of this entertainment. As there are only, .two more exhibitions announced, it would he' well for thoso who wish for a good evening's amusement to pay the ghosts a visit, Amoeting of the Young Men's Christian Association is called fortius evening, at the Freemasons' Hull, at half-past sovon, to re ceive the committee's report ou premises. Tlio Loyal Frankliu Lodge, I.O.O.F.M.U., will celebrato their Anniversary ou Wednesday, 9th prox., by a tea meeting aud conceit, to be held in the Franklin Institute, A public meeting of tho Church of England Temperance Society will bo hold on Thursday evening at tho Trinity schonl-room, commenc ing at 730. - 