AIR. SMITH'S ITEM. He came Jinto the office, and drawing a chair up close to a reporter's table he said to the reporter : 41 Take a bit of paper and I'll gi7e yon a good item." When the reporter was ready the visitor began : "Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Smith— my wife, you know — and my daughter drove out with my bay mare for a little ride. Jenny was driving the mare, coming down from Mount Airy to the Wissahickon, when, just below the crest of the hill she kicked off one oi her shoe3." " Jenny did?" " No ; the mare. Mrs. Smith, however, concluded to go on, as tbe roads were soft and tho mare quiet ; so Jenny let her proceed slowly down the hill." " Let Mrs. Smith or the mare ?" " The mare" of course. A few minutes later, however, while Jenny was stopping to pick some ferns for her mother, a fly or something bit her upon the nose." " Upon Jenny's nose or her mother's ?" 44 No no ! The mare's nose ; bit the mare upon the nose, and Jenny hardly had time to get back into the carriage before she began to rear and plunge in a most alarming manner." 44 Not Jenny ?" 44 Ob, pshaw, the animal, the mare. Mrs. Smith, of course, was very much frightened, for the mare seemed realiy excited, she began to scream violently and to try to get out of the carriage." " 44 The mare did ?" "Mrs. Smith. But Jennv told her she could manage the inaro if she would sit stilL" " If the mare would sit — ?" "If her mother would sit still, but just then a buckle broke and JenDy was unable to prevent the mare from dashing down the hill at a frightful pace. When they came to ths bridge over the creek, Mrs. Smith was over joyed to observe the mare come to a dead stop ; but uuhappily, the next moment a fit of blind staggers struck her, and — " 44 Struck Mrs. Smith, or the—?" " Don't you understand ? Struck the mare and before Jenny could comprehend the situation, she reeled about upon the bridge in an uncertain sort of way, while Mrs. Smith was completely unnerved and without self control, and the next moment she turned an. entire somersault over the side of the bridge into the water." 44 Are you referring now to Mrs. Smith or Jenny or the mare ?" " Why,, the mare ! Of course she dragged the carriage in with her, and Mrs. Smith and Jenny in it. All three sank to the bottom, but the mare almost immediately struck out for shore, and Jenny clasped her by the tail. As they swam past Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Smith clutched at her dress—" 44 Not the mare's dress ?" 44 At Jenny's dress, and this forced her to loose her hold upon the tail." " I thought you said Jenny had hold oi the tail ; not Mrs. Smith." " So I did. Mrs. Smith had hold of the— the — I'mean, yes, Jenny had hold of the mare's, tail and Mrs. Smith had hold of her dress." " Whose dress, Jennys's or the — 44 You know very well what I mean. Mrs. Smith held on to Jenny and Jenny to the mare, but Mrs. Smith pulled her loose, unin tentionally, of course, and as the mare swam off Mrs. Smith said to her—" "_To the mare ?" . ' You think you'r8 smart now, don't you ? You know well enough I mean Jenny." " Well, then, Jenny said to the mare, what '?" " I've got a notion to punch your head for yon, you scoundrel." 44 What did she say that for ?" " I came in here," said Mr. Smith, fiercely, " to give you a first-rate item, and I was going to. tell you what Mrs. Smith said about the mare being dragged from the water and how she turned somersaults all the way home; but hanged if I'll' do it now." The reporter rose slowly, and elevating a chair to ward off the inissie, ha calmly inquired : 44 What object had Mrs. Smith in turning somersaults all the way home ?' The people who saw Mr. Smith come down stairs and emerge from the front door say he looked as white as if he had just seen a ghost. 