THE WHITE BRIGADE. " Out of the jaws of death—out of the mouth of hell, Strode the three hundred." When, all at once, Hell seemed to ope its mouth, And 1 saw gather from east, west, north, south, '' Pale-sheeted ghosts," with lineaments of clay, And beards and hair of venerable gray— Their bones, if marrowless, had strength to bear Poles (p'raps election weapons) high in air— Their eyes, although they lacked the fire of youth, Could see to show them to the polling-booth. With fear my tongue grew dry, my eyebrows curled, To view these spectres of another world. After brief converse in sepulchral tones, That sounded like a chorus on the " bones," They formed in ranks by mortal pow'r unaided, Then like a ghostly ghastly pageant faded, Nor left a vestige of their vesture white To prove they were not fancies of my sight; Nor of their snowy locks one grizzled hair To "mutely tell their spirits had been there." That all was real I could not but deem — Yet all was gone—and yet 'twas not a dream ! As perspiration flowed from every pore, I looked for what had been—but was no more. Then eagerly I seized a passer-by, And thus besought him with imploring eye, " Oh tell me, if to this world you belong, What is the meaning of that phantom throng, That even now are straight away to hell borne ? Are they the dead electors of West Melbourne ?" The stranger smiled and as he shook his head, Gave me a newspaper wherein I read :— " The Ancient Order of Druids will meet at St. Patrick's Hall on Easter Monday, and there forming in procession will march down Queen Street," &c.;, &c.;, &c.; WAS it reality, or but a dream ? Can such things be—or do they merely seem, But like the dagger of Macbeth to scars Our sight with phautom-pictures drawn m air ? * * * * I thought I stood close by St. Patrick's Hall- Scene of Hibernian feast and 'leetion brawl, I gazed with awe upon the sacred place Where he, the last, best of O'Loghlen's race Had lately fought the battle of the Free, And twice achieved a glorious victory— Yes, 'twas St. Patrick's Hall beyond mistake, No brain-limned picture—I was wide awake. " These stuocoed walls," 1 cried with awe profound, " Have quivered to their bases with the sound, O'Lagh. and Liberty !" Fit scene, confess, To hail an Irish baronet's success. "But where," I added, " are those trusty souls That were as true as needles to the polls, That to his triumphs bore Sir Bryan on ? Like '' dying Christians," though all dead and gone, They could with iron will command the long-departed breath, Could rob the grave of victory, and give the slip to death ! E'en as I spoke my flesh began to creep, For lo ! (Now as I live, I did not sleep, Or dream—No nightmare thus had make me quake, Again I say —I swear, I was awake !) Scarce I, around the street, my eyes had cast, Had scarce invoked the " Mem'ry of the Past," 