, ODE AMUSEMENTS. {j^INCE our last publication we have had a surfeit ; what with ^ * the Infant Mozart, tlie concert of the Musical Union, and last—though not least—the entertainment of the deservedly celebrated Madame Carlotta Tasca, whose wonderful performances we have had the pleasure of witnessing more than once. Description of these wonderful manifestations of that pleasing instrument the piano is simply impossible, and would certainly be dry to say the least of it. Madame Carlotta must rather be heard upon the instrument than seen, in order that her musical talents may be properly and duly appreciated. It may not, however, be out of place to specially remark upon the wonderful performance of Madame Carlotta Tasca with the left hand alone, the right being gloved and kept from the instrument altogether. The piece chosen for execution with this one hand was the everpleasing air " Home, Sweet Home," which the lady played with neat variations and in such a manner that one could never discover—otherwise than-iooking at the player—that only one hand was in use. Next under notice comes Madrmoiselle Rosaly Merz, whp is a young lady lately from Germany. She . possesses a well trained and fine voice, which she modulates to a nicety as is required, and sings in a pleasing—one might almost say enticing—manner. Her rendering of c< Kukuk " was especially good. Then of the singers, last—though not least— comes Mr* Down, whose voice, though not the most forcible, is sweet, and who, like Mademoiselle Merz, sings with taste and pathos. The accompaniments were rendered by that eminent musician Mr. Plumpton, and we really smiled when we read in a Launceston contemporary the remarks of some penny-a-liner, who essayed to sit in judgment upon the accompaniments of a gentleman known to all the musical world as an accomplished master of his art. "Whilst we, with Mr. Plumpton, cannot repress the smile such presumption brings to light, yet we at once deplore the irregularity and disorganised state of the press that can admit such twaddle to find room in the columns of any decent publication. D'Arcy Read's Ghost has been drawing good houses at the •town Hall, and by special request a private entertainment of the Ghost was given to the guests of the members of the.M.L.R. deputation during the present week. It is probable that Mr. Read's company will favor Launceston. during the forthcoming week if only for a few nights. At the Theatre the Wheatleigh and Legrand Company have been drawing but moderate houses, such indead tas we fear are not likely to enhance the coffers of the management; and we say this with regret, but more than all do we learn with dissatisfaction that, owing to some misunderstanding, Mademoiselle Eugenie Legrand has left Tasmania for Melbourne, and thus the company has lost one of its supports, and certainly one of its attractions. We hear that it is likely that we of Launceston may be favoured with a visit from Mr. Wheatleigh and his company ; we trust we are not misinformed, for Mr. Wheatleigh is an actor whose representations are worth witnessing. A base, ignoble brute says, that when he sees a woman neither fat nor fair, but forty, and a cardinal red plume on her hat, it suggests to him a life-and-death struggle between nature and art, with art on top by a small majority. Here is a gem introduced into a breach of promise case as an extract from a letter : "Dearest love, I have swallowed the postage stamp which was on your letter, because I knew that your lips had touched it." A couple of young men were out fishing the other day, and on returning were going past a farm-house and felt hungry. They yelled to the farmer's daughters : Girls, have you any butter - milk ?" The reply was gently wafted back to their ears : "Yes ; but we keep it for oiir own calves." The boys calculated that they liad business away—and they went. A boy was sent by his teacher, a woman, to the superintendant to be whipped^ The lad suspected the contents of the note and hired a boy he met on the street todeliver it. Thesuperintendant did not discover until after the castigation was over that the boy he had flogged had not seen the inside of a school-house for a month. . He came in cautiously and inquired, " can the cackling of the hens properly be called henthusiasm? " We stop the press to say that he sleeps quietly with his head still in soap. 