) OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT BOOLONO. ( Ilo jests at scars mho mmr felt a mouncl — RO-aiko. f One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of B oolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, was Avhen he made his first and only appearance as an > actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at his J own house in Booloiig. He, for some unknoAvn rea.son, nad C conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the bo.ards like the great Garrick .and the elder Kcan — Ijut it r Avas, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his ) peculiar debut. On finding the Melbourne and S'dney ) inan.agcrs unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing V red h.air, and a turn-up nose, an appear.ance in " Hamlet" at .any of their sever.al Ihe.atres, he resolved to " take the bull by the horns" and get up a comp.auy of his own down ' at his place at Boolong. He Avcnt to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing Avardfobe, having ) scenery painted — for Banbury w.as determined to do the V thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, e.ager " to fret their hour upon the ' st.age," and one or two see ly outcasts of the |profGSS"on ; ) .and he looked forward to the production of his pet pl.ay, ) " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, . not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's constant rehearsal, Avere pretty perfect in their \ Avords before the curtain Avent up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost Avas ) intoxicated, and the King likeAvise ; Ophelia, an amateiu', \ burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury was ro.ared at by the local personages Avho ' assembled, to assist at the amateur performance. But this A Avas not the Avorst, for Banbury found th.at Avhen the bills came in the expense Av.as tAvice as large as he had expected, > .and he could not meet them. " The felloAvs," he used to s.ay, ( " allowed me to have Avhntever I Av.antcd on credit, becau.se they knoAv that ray rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- ist, Avould p.ay them, but I kncAV very Avell he Avould do no I such thing Avheri he found they Avere for theatrical trap pings, for if there Avas one thing he held in abhorrence it I Avas the theatre." What Av.as he to do ? His uncle Avould disinherit him, turn him out of the house ho had furnished for him, and seiid him adrift on the Avorld. What Avas he to do ? ; His creditors Avould not Avait and he Avould be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his name, thanks to the tioiely aid of one i? a friend to the drama as well as to the rest 'of the world, Avho advanced him the needful. NeedAve say his name. No ; all knoAV I him I But Ave may as Avell remark it was the ehaiiqfion of the distressed, DAVID HENRY, off 52 Collins street e.ast, ' Who has from £5 to '.£10,000. to lend on notes of hand, bills I of sale (Avith or Avithout security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, bill -of lading, Icg.acies, goods, ' merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per-. I sons may be entitled to frorn Engl.and .and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the' convenience of borroAvers. ' Bills discounted daily at the loAvest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 