MELBOURNE. ( PROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. 1 i , Friday evening. ' The Opposition to tho present Ministry, eve;- fertile in erecting dangur signals, which aro liurriodly taken down as soon as they aro fount) to ho valueless as a. menus of intimidation, have boen putting up a statutory bogus of late toiwjiri) people from attempting to sit 011 the Treasury coffers. Pains and penalties— it being, very foolishly supposed that going to his constituents is a terror to any. of tho present Govbrntneiit— have been threatened, and it lias been thought that the Government would Le thrown into con fusion by these squibs and paper pellets of tliq brain, and would bo compelled to weaken tliu respect in which it is held by the country. l)y making an injudicious apportionment, of oiiices during tho absence of tlio Chief Secretary. Let me assure you — audi think you know I never, speak plainly but as one authoritatively pregnant of his causo— that there is no difficulty in tlio matter. Before Mr Berry leaves us Major Smith" will as sume the Treasurorship as a matter of routine without accepting " an offico of profit," and consequently will not he required to visit his constituents, and the disposition of tho other offices will bo that I have previously intimated to you. Tlioi'o will bo 110 excitement or fuss, and the legal difficulties supposed to obstruct tho course aro as unreal as Mr D'Arcy Read's ghost. Another question which docply interests politicians is the despatch rccontly received by His Excellency' the Governor. It is really laughable to seo how opposito parties assuino interpretations not justified by its verbiage. All have some ground for their word-twisting, yet they fail acutely to catch the underlying mean ing of it. As tho actual text will not be published before next Monday afternoon, there liiay'bo sonio further equally ingenious, specula tions indulged in, but itis hardly fair tq keep your curiosity so long suspended. Briefly then there; litis been a despatch, and it has reference toupossibloembassagoor commission. Atthosamc time, it ; expresses tho hope that the intelligence of :thc colonists will be sufficient to find an open pathway from tlieir own difficulties, and . points out that for tlio ptirposo of maintaining tho ami- cablo balance of the relations between the Im perial'- -'arid 'Colonial' Governments, it is '-most, desirable that all matters of intrinsically local politics should, be so settled oil the spot that 110 apjieal; to" the Homo Government should be ne cessary. At the same time it points out that in an extreme case sucli ah "appeal is always open to, the colonists, and, that tho grayest considera- .tioii- ivilL "lie given; to .any representations' .that may ho made with a view of asking the Imperial Government to ovoiconio: a diltioulty not readily locally '.capable of. solution;' ;AVhat tests; will: be required to prove that tlio .petition presented to it is coincidod with by itlie majority of tho colonists, it, necessarily from diplomatic reticence does not touch upon, but tho fooling expressed is clear that any judiciously, advanced complaint will 'be received with grave courtesy;. discussed witli at tentive consideration, deoided upon dispas- Ysirinately. out of a larger view than faction can rise too, and finally dealt with' not from a party or influenced; view, but from, a.far- soeing desire to. advance the : wishes ;of ' the; majority, of the colonists, no: matter whether-' those do or do not agree with- the'1 supposo'd- views' of a largo and popular party bound to the. principles of con servation: '-Gin a-Mif words -theTmporial Govern ment has complete sympathy and accord with ourYpo'piilar -motto/' Australia' for' tlie ''Aus tralians. " ... ' 1 ' ' The 'steamship Aconcagua, : of ' the Orieii line, under, jthe .command, 'of : Captain :G. M. Conlan, anchored .in.JIobsQn's,; Bay,, at eight ..pjclock this morning! She 'left London on the 25tli October, and Plj'inou'tli'bri the' 28th/ arriving at the Cape jOiV the I2th 1) oyenibey/ '.and after- a .short idqlaj' for' ebaliiig/ieft again for' Adelaide/ "arriving at that port on Mbiiday liis't/ when! she left at 110011 on Wednesday, and anchored as above. On this oecasiph"thb:vestolV.'oii'leaving; liiid' 110 less than ;170-jifisseiig'ers iii' tli6 first and- second 'classj -ilrid '26(1 iri the st'eerrtge," milking a total number 450, yfithpiit'offi/ers aiia'creV.' ' Tnofo. is jnOthihgAii InipoVtant 'fo'np.te thrbugh'tlie. passage:'.'' _ /V,' ; ' /. " T wo itgcisioiis.'pf /som 0 iiiiportance i/e rq; giy 611 in the Land Tax Appeal Court to-day," one in .(tlio caso-.of MrThomas Butt, of-,Learmqnth, hvh'o appealed against the elassification of -3225 acres of second class land, the other in that of .the Hpn, Phillip Russel, of , Carngliam, .who ap-; pealbd against' tho' impost levied ofi 22/225 acres; of third class prop'crfy. ' In both cases the classi/ fications' iveto'coiifii'mcd, with Costs against tlici appellants,1 'and' iri' tlie lattef':one'the:'c6mniis-! sioners'iKhhniidverted' severely upoh'the manneij in which the appeal1 luid been' conducted with ret ferenco to. some of the evidence tendered. .. . ! \- -His Honour' th'c Chief 'JustieeSvas able to re/ sume his seat on the bench to-day, and conse-! queritly; the sittings of the; Divorce Court Were 1 proceeded- with;'. ; Iii Doggett" v:Doggett',-aliin6iiyi 'was'/ftxbdyat- LBj aiid iii White v White, the 'question of allowance ivas postponed to.bb nich- tiohed'l'agairi: Divorce /qausps . were then pro-, cbe'cled;witli .'/-Trouiiep" v! Trounce being striiokj jjui/.,on'jtlia''im4r®i no appearance ,;,;Bach ,v! 'Ba6h'i!tned'."&''i'hdit', sittings, ,'tlie husband! (petitioher) 'n'ot .beingfpreparecl, and Osborho v; Osborno was proceeded with. The respondent) was- according., to. the.-eyidonoe ,-tho. -lady,, .who shai4d 'tiie' fortunes fdfv'Mr F. J. Smith, 'an'hc-j countant, who went .. to. New Zealand' without; . distinctly,; , .publishing ..his .. intentioii,.; . aiub "thereby;, excited the, 'curiosity.: ! of. , the,; police; aneiit circumstances, .i with!.-, wliioh everyone, is familiar. Curiously- enough it appeared; .that Jho jfinaiTiage ))ad,-. never. .,boqnT cqn-; "sumuiated tVeipe)it1ioner/;-a,clerk;- 113 (having! the means.) to/ jr'oviile for.; Iris-, spqupe", k'niaohi- j nist. Circumstantial /eyidence was given tliatj adultery might liave'en committed with Smith: 911- the voyage to; New Zealand, as the;resppn- : dont.and co-fespondciit sharedvthevtome cabiri, and at tho request of. tlio. court, counsel for the petitioner (Dr , Madden). . . addressed , , himself 'niaMy 'to' !tho- questioH wli'ehter'-'tho petitioner was eiititledi to a divorce/asf.he.:had;'iiot';m,nle a honie for or lived with. his iwife, arguing that he udppjtejthis jpoui'se , fifuii rnqtiyeSj qf jpruclpnqe. "Jutlgnieiit was' reserved/ "" Mr A. J, , Fai'aifi/iyasj/tp-clay,; brought before the city police court ' oil" H charge of obtaining money -by false pretences in; respect ,of certain valuoWs lliortgages, and fvas reiiianded' for a week, on accepted bail, of sureties and self in! YB'ueaeh.." " ' " ' " | " 1 Ifi.lm.--. '" j 