AYRSHIRE DAIRY COWS. ' The- following description from a report of tho Ayrshire -Agricultural Association;,- givos tlio points which indicate superior quality in tho Ayrshire dairy cows : — , i !? ? 1.-/1 'l,nt«»AAn .fW Jleacl suoru, ioruiiwui V'V. muzzle and eyes, muzzle moderately large, eyes full and lively, horns wide sot cn, inclining upwaid, and curving slightly inward. Neck long and straight from the head to the top of tlie shoulder, free from loose, skin on the under side,- fine at its junction with the head, and tho muscles symmetrically enlarged toward the shoulders. Sliouldors thin at tho top, brisket light, the whole forcquartcrs thin in front, and gradually increasing in depth and width backward. Hack short and straight, spine well defined, especially at the shoulders, the short rilw arched, the body deep at the flanks, and the milk veins well developed. , Pelvis long, broad, und straight, hook boiies (illiuin) wide apart and not much overlaid with fat j thighs deep and broad, tail long and slender, and set on level with the back. Milk vessels capacious and extending well forward, hinder part broad and firmly attached to tho body, the solo or under surface nearly level, the teats from two or two and a half | inches in length, equal in thickness, and hanging perpendicularly ; their distanco apart at tho sides should be equal to about one-third of the length of tho vessel, aud across to about one half of the breadth. Legs short, the bono fine, and the joints firm. Skin soft and clastic, and covcrcd with soft, close, woolly hair. Tho colors preferred aro brown, or brown and white, the colors being distinctly defined. Great value is attached to the abovo form and points by the dairy farmer, and he quickly take3 tlicili in when effecting a purchase, so that a mistake is rarely made. Seized by a Devil Fish.— Early last August a party of Cape Flattery or Makaw Indians, returning from a visit to their friends (the songisli of Victoria), encamped the first afternoon out on the beautiful Bay of Met chosen, V. I. The weather being very Gne, most of the party went bathing, ? and among the number a maderl of perhaps eighteen sum mers, who had accompanied hor grandfather on the trip. Desiring seclusion, she went round a point away from the other batbers, and being known as a bold swinner) is supposed to have have taken a header into deep water. How ever taken, it proved to have been a plunge into the jaws of death, for wlicn the swimmers re-assembled round the camp fire the girl was missed, and, notwithstanding a diligent search that eveninjr, could not be found. The follow ing morning, with sad hearts the party' left ; but very soon those in the foremost canoe, on rounding the first point, saw (the water being calm aud clcar) a human body, as if seated on the sandy sea bottom, with what 'appeared like a flour bag immediately behind it. The natives knew what this mean*. As soon as the canoes got together, two of tho most active young men managed with daggers so to disable the monster (for it was a gigantic devil-fish) that tho octopus with its victim was brought to the surface. Tlie foregoing facts, have been com municated to our informant by an intelligent and respectable half- breed woman from Met chosen, who saw tliC body of the drowned girl, with some of the prehensiles of the mollusk still adhering to it. She compared tho head of tho octopus in size to that of a fifty-pound flour sack, full; and said that tho tentacles were twelve in number, of different sizes, and the largest about the circumference, of a man's arm. A practical joker attempted to frighten an old sea captain as ho was passing through a graveyard, by suddenly rising'before liini from behind the tombstone in the character of a 'sheeted ghost j' but the old salt: raised his cane, and gave tho apparition a sound cudgel ling ' for being out of its gravo at such an unseasonable hour.' 