EGERTON. 15th October. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) On Tuesday evening last a tea meeting in aid of the Wesleyan Circuit Funds, at the Lal Lal Gardens, where there being no church, Mr Westcott kindly gave the use of his jam-house for the occasion. A very nice tea bad been provided by Mrs Dent and Miss Finlayson, and.the two tables were presided-over by Mesdames Davey and Dent/ Misses Allen and Clough. About seventy- persons; having partaken of the good things, the after-meeting was presided over by Mr J. Barclay,-while the Rev. Messrs Ingham and Birr ridge, and ■ Mr Cocking, gave amusing. and instructive ad dresses.,, The whole proceedings were very enjoyable, and the usual votes of thanks having been accorded, the pronouncing of tbo benediction terminated .the proceedings, which resulted in nearly £7 for the object in view. • Amongst other items worth noting is a cure for, apple blight thathas been accidentally discovered by Mr R.T. Davidson, hotelkeeper, Egerton. Finding that this peat, which was last year so injurious to the trees of apple-growers in the Egerton district, had extended to his own, that gentleman taking equal quantities ■ of kerosene and water with a syringe applied the mix ture, firstrpund the butt, then extending upwards as far as any appearance of blight was to be seen among the branches of every tree. The effect was miracu lous, the destruction of the noxious insects complete, and the trees are now growing in full vigor. ' : On , Saturday afternoon a little girl, about seven years of age, named .Bessy, the daughter-of Mr Thomas Watkinson, had a miraculous escape from death through falling down the old Tom, and Jerry shaft, sunk upon an almost perpendicular underlie to the depth of 100 feet. It appears that the younger members of Mr W. ’a family have a saying that if they walk round the shaft nine times, a ghost will appear, and on this occasion, having performed the fifth circle, little Bessy tottered, and fell into its open. i mouth. Her sister Lily,... about nine years old, clutched hold of her dress, but was too weak to retain her hold for; more than; a; few seconds, and the poor child went head foremost down the shaft. The children : ran: home crying, and told their mother, and she, never' expecting to see; her, child alive again, sent off in the fight direc tion for assistance. Soon the father and uncle of the child, accompanied by Mr C.-Day, appeared upon the. scene, and-a rope having been brought into requisi-. tion the;father descended the shaft, and great was his. thankfulness to discover that some boughs thrown in by boys obstructed his descent, and-formed a tempo rary stage, about 50 feet' below the surface, and upon these, save from the severe fright and a few compara tively slight bruises,- the little girl lay uninjured.- What makes the escape the more providential is .that the obstruction upon which she rested would not bear, the weight of her father, and both had .to be hauled up to the surface- together. *■ A magisterial enquiry, conducted by Constable Moore/was held on .Monday by Mr R. W. Tanner, J.F., into the circumstances attending'the death of a fine lad, about six years of age, named James, the son of Mr Timothy M'Darmott, farmer, residing about, one and a half miles nearer. Egerton than the Lai Lai Falls, at whose place . the .body was lying.. The only evidence available,was,' that of the - brother (Patrick) and lather of the deceased, from which it appears Slababout § o’cloctohSuridkymoming be -wasseen house. ...Being assisted inland laid upon asofa,;he, complained [of great pain in' hiabe%,-,ahdsaid that ; m attemptwg : |td r ,iamp the : log he,!, had fallen upon, I nis’. belly, on it "Ho was sick after, .every drink be took throughthe day, but about 9 o’clock at,night, with the assistance'' ; of his walked to his-bed, where he died .about 3 o'clock on Monday .morning..' Dr. ; Walter Thomas, whohadmade a postmortem examination, deposed that he found two . smaU punctiired wounds on the left side of. the abdo men, communicating ; with bruises on the bowels. .The bowels were ruptured, bruised, and acutely inflamed.... The cause, of death was collapse from rupture of the bowels, which occurred through their being bruised. He also added that medical assistance in the case would have been of no avail. A verdict was then given in accordance with the medical testimony. Valuable Discovery bob the Haib.— lf your hair is turning grey or white,' or falling off, use “ The Mexican : Hair Renewer,” for it will positively restore in every ease-Qrey'or: White hair to its'original color without leaving the disagreeable smell- of 'most ?* Restorers.” It makestho hair charmingly beautiful,' as well as promoting, the growth of the hair on bald spots, wherethe glands are not decayed.—Ask your- Chemist for “ The' Mexican Haik Reneweb,” pro; pared by Henry C. Gallup 493 Oxford street' Lon don, and sold by Chemists and- Perfumers every where at BaBdper bottle. • — : ; “Berkeley, Sept., 1869.—Gentlemen—I feel it a. duty I owe to you to express my gratitude for,the ’ great benefit I. have derived by taking ‘ NoßTojf’a Camomile Fills,* I applied ‘to your agent, Mr Bell, Berkeley, for the abovenamed Pills, for. wind in the stomach, from which I suffered excruciating pain for a length of time, having.- tried nearly every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any benefit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Fills I was quite restored to, my usual state of health.’. Please give this’ publicity, benefit'of those.who may thus be afflicted.—lain, ‘Sb, your truly, Henbt All pass. To the' Proprietors of Noeton’s Camomile PriiLS.” 1 . . V 