INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. First Dav. 'The twenty-second intercolonial cricket match between \- the representatives of New South Wales and Victoria was \- commenced on the new ground of the Cricket Association -m tho 25th ultimo. This match may be regarded as the r formal inauguration of the new ground, and it certainly has -commenced its career with bright promise of a brilliant future. The attendance was rather meagre when the pro ceedings commenced, but as the day wore on there must tave been between 3000 and 4000 persons present. The Jiabitids of Ihe pavilion were in strong force, and evidenced a large sale of ground tickets. The terraces on the eastern side of the ground were largely patronised, while the grand . eland and lawn were comfortably filled. The German band ?was in attendance, and discoursed a selection of popular music throughout the day. His Excellency the \- Governor and suite arrived on the ground about half -past 3 o'clock, and remained till the conclusion of the day's play. A change was made in the Victorian team, Cooper going in in place of M'Shane. Coates captained the New South Wales men, while Allee did similar duty for Victoria. 'Messrs. Goddard and Budd discharged the onerous duties ? of umpires with much satisfaction, while the scoring was ? confided to the care of Messrs. Beal and Patterson. With these preliminaries we proceed to give a detailed account of the Play. Allee won the toss for choice of innings and elected to go to the wickets. Mid, accordingly, at 12.30 Coates led his men into the field, and was quickly followed by Slight and ? Cooper. Ihe field were stationed as follows : — Thompson kept wicket, Dummett point, Geary iield-on, Massie long stop, Coaies and Gregory both at mid-off, Powell mid-on, j \- Seale cover point, Sheridan dip, and Tindall short leg. Evans started the bowling at the southern end, while Coates did similar duty from the northern. Each bowler delivered a maiden, and Slight drew first blood by hitting the first of Evans* second over to the off for three, Cooper aiding him by placing the next ball to lee: for two. Coates' second 'over only yielded a unit to Siight, but the same batsman got the last of Evans' next over to straight field for two. ? 'When each batsman had received a maiden, Cooper hiid Coates to short leg for a single. Cooper put the third of Evans' next over up to point, and in attempting a run was thrown out by Dummett. 1-3-9. Tennent joined Slight, and commenced a partnership which producrd the best display of batting seen during the day. Both men played warily, five overs only yielding one run for a cut by Tennent, which 'brought 10 on the board. Slight then made matters a little more lively by getting a single from both Evans and Coatee, after which be hit Evans straight, but only got one for the effort. Sleight negotiated a maiden from Coates, and Tennent then had Evans beautifully to leg for tbe first 4 of tbe match. A maiden from Coates to Slight wa6 followed by a single to Tennent off Evans. Coates gave Tennent a long hop which the batsman put to the on for a brace, and 20 went up on the board. The next three overs only produced a single, which was credited to Tennent for a slip off Coates. Slight then lifted Coates finely to the grand stand fence for four. Evans sent in a maiden to Tennent, and Tindall relieved Coates with the ball at the northern end. The new bowler opened with a maiden to fcliglit. tennent wen became busy witu Evans, hit him to field off for two, and placed him to short leg for a single. The same batsman then put Tindall to short-leg for a unit, and 30 appeared on the board. Ten nent again began to be mischievous, and lifted the second of Evans's next over to straight-hit for a quartette. Slight, xi ho had been reposing for some time, now drove Tindall for one, and four maidens followed in succession. Slight hit tbe second of Evans's nineteenth over to leg for three, which caused the Fakir to change to the northern cd, Coates going on again at the southern. Slight lifted he third of Evans's next over to field- on, where Seale made a feeble attempt to reach it, and tour were registered. The appearance of 40 on the board made matters look a little gloomy for New Sauth Wales. Coates opened his second attempt with a long-liop to leg to Tennent, and the ball vent, as it deserved, tor three. At this stage of the game an adjournment was made for luncheon, which was served in a spacious marquee on the ground. After three quarters of an hour had been spent in satisfying the inner man, and smoking the post prandial pipe, a resumption was made at 2.15 ; Evans and Coates still bowling. Tennent cut Evans for a unit, and followed up by putting Coates to the on for 1 ; when Slight also sent him for a bracc. Tennent then placed Evans for a single, and 50 went up on the semaphore. Slight had Evans for 1, and then took a maiden from Coates. Tennent cut Evans forward for 1 , and then placed Coates too shortly icr another. But his glass had run out, for the second of Evens' next over bowled him clean, and he retired amid the plaudits of tho spectators for a well earned 25. 2-25-53 was on the telegraph board when Elliot joined Slight, and took the rest of the orer without scoring. Coates sent in a maiden to Slight, and Elliott drove Evans for 1, The same batsman negotiated a maiden from Coates, and Slight enlivened the proceedings by hitting Evans to the on for 4. Elliott had Coates to square-leg for a single, and then took a maiden from Evans, who appeared to cause the little bats man considerable discomfort. A maiden from Coates to Slight, and Elliott then cut Evans nicely for 3, which brought 60 on the board. Elliott played the second of Coates' next over smartly to short-leg^ where he was well caught by Tindall. 3-5-62. Baker, a left hand batsman, succeeded, and safely negotiated the rest of the over. But Slight's turn was now at hand, for in hitting at one well pitched up from Evans, he was clean bowled, with 29 to hie credit. His innings was marked by consummate patience, though he never lost a chance of scoring from a loose one. 4-29-62 was the state of the game when Terry emerged from the pavilion. Baker hit Coates to leg for 2, and then cut him for a single which should have been saved. Each batsman received a maiden and were then credited with a single each off Evans, Terry's being well run. Terry placed Coates to leg fori, and then hit Evans straight for another. Baker also hit the same bowler to the off for 3, which afforded Powell an opportunity of showing some good fielding. 70 went up and incited Baker to hit Coates to the off for 3, after which the batsman contented himself with a maiden from Evans. Coates next over yielded a i nit to each batsman, and Baker hit Evans to the on for another treble, bringing 80 on the board. Tindall again relieved Coates at the southern end, but the change had little effect, for Baker had the last of the over to the grand stand fence for 4. Terry snicked Evans for 1, and cut Tindall for a double. The same batsman hit Evans to off for 2, where Powell was again in attendance, and then put him to the off for a single, to which a second was added through the indolence of the field. 90 up. Each batsman received a maiden and Terry put Tindall to leg for 1. Terry then ran out to Evans and obtained 3 for a fiuky hit to leg. The Fame batsman placed Tindall to leg for a single, but im mediately after lost his partner, who fell a victim to the Newtown trundler. Baker played good free cricket and deserved his runs. 5-22-96 was on the board when Scott joined Terry. Terry lifted the second of Evans's next over to field-on, giving a chance to Powell, which the University player declined, and a unit was scored. A maiden from each bowler and Terry ran out to Tindall, missed him, and paid the penalty of his rashness in being stumped by Thompson. 6-13-97 was the 6tate of the game when Allee went in and skied Tindall to the on for a single. The Victorian captain then had Evans to the grand stand fence for 4, and the century was Tho tiarf oopan nporc civ ointrlae r\f which four were put to Allee's credit. Allee was then tempted to run out to Evans' first, and Thompson had his bails off in a twinkling. 7-9-108. M'Donnell came in and retired again with the obnoxious egg, being clean bowled by Evans, and leaving the score unaltered. Hodges, another, lefthand batsman, succeeded. The next seven overs yielded three singles, of which Hodges obtained two, when Scott came to grief. In trying to get out of the way of a bumpy one from Evans, the ball hit his bat and went to point, where Dummett accepted it. 9-2-111 was on the board when Woolf, the last man, wended his way to the wickets, and the innings seemed over. But it was not yet to be, for Hodges hit Tindall to the on for 2, and when three maidens had intervened, cut the same bowler for 3. When each batsman had scored a unit off Evans, Woolf hit Tindall to the on for 4, which brought 120 up. Hodges then got a single off each bowler, and Evans having sent in a maiden changed back to the southern end, Coates assisting him with the ball. Woolf cut Evans for I, and then lifted Coates to the grandstand fence for 4. Hodges drove Evans for 2, which brought 130 up, but he was clean bowled in the same over, having made 13\. All out at 4.40 for 130, Woolf not out 10. Not one sundry was scored. The score of the Victorians may be considered very creditable. The palm in the* batting belongs to Sleigh and Tennent. Baker played well for his runs, and all three men were very patient. Hodges and Woolf had a merry time towards the close, and played fairly. Terry was too reckless, and the same may be said of Allee. Evans bowled throughout the innings, and obtained a good average. Tindall, too, was successful. The fielding of our team, on the whole, was good. Powell marred his otherwise excellent display by missing Terry. A new wicket having been marked, the Victorians took the field at 5.15 p.m., and were placed somewhat as fol lows : — Elliott, wicket-keeper ; Cooper and Baker, mids off ; Alice, point ; Woolf, field off ; Terry, longstop ; Slight, cover ; Tennent, mid-on; Scott, field-on; M'Don nell, short leg. Hodges bowled from the northern end, Teny trundling from the south. Thompson and Gregory first faced the bowling, the former taking * first over from Hodges, whom he cut for a brace. Terry's first yielded a leg-by, and Nat hit the second for a single, but the last of the over clean bowled Gregory, and 1-0-4 was the disastrous opening for New South Wales. Sheridan came next, and five maidens fol lowed in succession. Sheridan then found an opening, and hit Terrry well to the off for 4. Thompson then got a single from Hodges, and a brace from Terry, and 10 went up on the beard. Three singles were the result of the next three overs, and Thompson then got on to Terry and put him to square-leg for 4. When each bowler had' sent in a maiden Sheridan was smartly caught by Allee at point off Hodges, and 2-6-17 was chrowclei. 'Massie now joine^ Thompson, and the aspect of the game underwent a change. Thompson had Terry to straight hit for a single, and Massie sent him to square leg for 3. 20 up. Massie then treated Hodges to a hard hit to the off for 3, and followed it up by an off-hit for 2, and a straight hit for 1, both off Terrv, who was now getting somewhat pasted. Massie snicked Hodges fori, drove Terry also for I : Thompson adding a brace — 30 went up on tne board. Massie got 1 from Hodges' next over, and Baker relieved Terry. His first over yielded a single to Massie ; and Allee then went on at the northern end with slows. ? Massie sent the second from Allee to the grand stand fence for 4, ran out to the last of the over, and was bowled. 3-17-37 was the scire when Powell went in. Thompson, hit Baker to long-leg for 4, which brought 40 on the board, but he played the first of Allee's next over back to the bowler, and was easily caught. 4-16-40 was the state of the game when time was called, and the stumps were drawn. The battinc of the New South Wales men wa9 amything but creditable. Massie lost his wicket just when he had becon.e well set, through unpardonable anxiety to score, and Thompson was had very softly. The fielding of the Victorians, what little there was of it, was very good. Hodges bowled well, and Allee'6 slows were very success ful, as thpy got rid of the two most dangerous batsmen on our side. Second Day. The match was continued on Saturday under the most auspicious circumstances. A steady stream of spectators began to pour in from an early hour, and continued until late in the afternoon. The Governor and suite were again present, and remained throughout the afternoon, evincing much interest in the proceedings. When time was called on Friday four wickets had fallen in the New South Wales' first innings for 40 runs. The Victorians took the field at 12.10, Powell, the not out of the previous day, being joined at the wickets by Seale. Allee continued his over (from the first of which he had caught Thompson on the previous day) from the northern end, while Terry ' took up his parable ' opposite. Allee delivered to Seale, who slipped the first for two, and put the second to short leg fcr one. Powell drove the last of the over for a unit. Powell played the first from Terry to on for 2, and would have narrowly escaped a run out had the ball been thrown to the proper wicket. The first of Allee's next over was a short pitched ball, which Seale played back into the bowler's hands, and retired for three, while the board showed 5-3-46. Coates next occupied the creases, and something was expected from the University pair. The sequel will show how these expectations were not fulfilled. Coates played the third of the over up to mid on, where the field vainly endeavoured to reach it, and a single was recorded. Terry's next over yielded one for a drive to each batsman. Powell then received a maiden from Alice, from the last of which the bowler appealed for leg before. Coates put Terry to leg for a single, and 50 was announced. Coates played back to the first of AUee's next, and a rattle among the timbers induced the New South Wales captain to seek the cool shades of the pavilion. 6-1-50 was the miserable record when Geary came in. The new comer began by playing the second of the over to on, and was credited with one for an overthrow. Powell then fot on to the last, which he sent to square-leg for four, 'erry's next over yielded two singles to Geary and three for a bye, which brought 60 on the board. Allee opened his fifth over with a full pitch to Geary, who took the opportunity of sending it to the grand-stand fence for four ; but the bowler's revenge was at hand, for Geary was clean tolled in playing forward to the next ball. The board stood at 7-7-64 when Tindall came in, and took the rest of the over without scoring. Terry then treated Powell to a maiden, and Tindall opened his account by putting the second of Allee's next to leg for 1. Powell then cut the third and fourth balls forward for 2 and 1 respectively. The 'Varsity man snicked Terry for 1, and Tindall put the same bowler to leg, the ball crossing the rink, although only 3 were allowed for it. 70 up. Powoll cut the last of the over into the slips for a brace. Tindall drove the first of Allee's next hard back to the bowler, who secured a smart catch, and the Newtown trundler made way for Evans, the board exhibiting 8-4-74. Evans soon began operations by cutting the third of the over for 2. Hodges relieved Terry at the southern end and delivered to Powell, who put the second in the slips for a single. The Univer sity batsman got the second of Allee's next to leg for 4, and 80 went up on the board. But disaster was again at hand, for from the second of Hodge's next over Evans was caught by Elliott at the wicket, and the game stood at 9-2-81. Dummett was the last man in, and took the rest of the over. Powell became busy with Allee's next over, cutting the second, a full pitch, for'2, and lifting the third finely to long leg for a quartette. Dummett hit the first of Hodges' next over to field off for one, and treated the last of Allee's next similarly for a like number. Dum mett cut the first of Hodges' next over, and was given out for a catch by Elliott, although, from the grand stand, whence an excellent view was obtained, it looked uncom monly like a bumb ball. However Mr. Budd deemed other wise, 'and the innings closed at 1 o'clock for 89, Powell being not out with 25. The chief feature of the innings was the utter incapacity of our men to play the slow bowling. Almost without exception the men played them inside the crease when they might have been easily dealt with before the pitch. Powell was the onlyone who seemed to know how to deal with them, and even he nearly fell a victim once. Against the bowling opposed to them our men should have made nearly double tne number of runs, and the less said about their collapse the better. The fielding of the Victorians was very good, and Allee captained his team with great judgment. Very little time was lost in rolling and marking a new wicket, and the New South Wales Eleven at once took the field. Evans started the bowling from the northern end, and Coates trundled from the south. Slight and Woolf, the not out of the first innings, were sent to do battle for Vic toria, the former facing the bowling of Evans. The second ball of Evans first over was a regular trimmer and scattered the Victorian's timbers, while the board announced 1-0-0 as the inauspicious opening. An adjournment for lunch now took place, ana when plav was resumed at j 2.15 p.m., Scanlan took the field in place of Powell, who I was suddenly indisposed, while Tennent joined Woolf at the wicket, and took the rest of Evans' over without scoring. Woolf put the third of Coates' first over to short leg for two. Tennent then had Evans to short leg for two, to fine leg for four, and to the off for a single, all in one over. Three maidens followed in succession, and Woolf then put Evans to short leg, for which he obtained one, Tindall mulling the ball, and 10 went up on the board. Tennent i also had the Fakir to fine leg for three. Tennent then put Coates prettily to fine leg for two, and followed it up with a single to short leg. The same batsman secured a maiden from Evans. Woolf cut the second of Coates' next over for two, after which five maidens followed in succession. Woolf again got on to Coates, putting him to the off for a brace, and up went 20. Tennent played the second of Evans' next to the on for a single, and Tindall relieved Coates at the southern wicket. Tennent put the first from the Newtown bowler to short leg for one, and each bowler delivered a maiden. Tennent then drove Evans to the off for one, and Tindall sent in a maiden to the same batsman. Woolf played the first of Evans' next over to short leg, ; and was caught by Tindall. 2-7-23 was the game when Baker came to the rescue, and was nearly run out in attempting one from the first ball. Tindall sent in a maiden to Tennent, and Baker lifted the third of Evans' next to the on for a brace. Tennent cut the third of Tindall's next over for two, and Evans treated Baker to a maiden. Another maiden from Tindall to Tennent was followed by a two to Baker for a streaky hit to leg from the third of Evans* next. Each batsman then received a maiden. Tennent put the first of Tindall's next to leg for one, which brought 30 up, and Baker drove the second for a single. After an adjournment had been made for refreshment. Baker drove Evans for a single, and was then bowled in hitting at the last of Tindall's next over. 3-6-32 was on the board when Terry came in. The new-comer had only time to see Tennent receive a maiden from Evans, when he was clean bowled by the second ball from Tindall, and made way for Elliott, while 4-0-32 was recorded on the telegraph board. The excitement at this time was intense. Tindall was meeting with considerable success, and Evans wae bowling -with wonderful precision, while Tennent's batting was a treat to witness. When Evans had sent in a maiden to Tennent, Elliott cut Tindall for a treble, and then took a maiden from Evans. Tennent cut the second of Tindall's next for four, and 40 ( went up on the board. Elliott drove the first of Evans' nest to the on, and obtained 0n» through the bad fielding of Seale. The Victorian wicket-keeper cut the second of Tindall's next for tiro, aui put the last softly up to point, where Dummett was in wait.. ing. 5-8-44 was recorded as Cooper joined Tennent, who received a maiden from Evans. Both batsmen then nut Tindall to the on, each scoring a single. A maiden fr0-a Evans to Tennent was followed by a similar coatrijution from Tindall to Cooper. Evans, from whose last eleven overs only two runs had been scored, now retired in favour of Geary, who opened with a maiden to Tennent, Tinilall treating Cooper in a similar manner. Tennent put the third of Geaiy's second over to leg for three, and then took a maiden from Tindall. Cooper then played the third of Geary's next over to short leg, giving a chance to Tiadall and retired for 1 (6-1-49) ; and Hodges in. Tindall sint iu a maiden, tho fourth m succession, to Tennent and Hodges put Geaiy to short-leg for oae* bringing 50 on the semaphore. Hodges cut the first of 'findall'6 next over for one, and Tennent played the last to mid on, where he was caught by Evans, and* retired with 27 to his credit. He had been at the wickets for two hours, had not given the ghost of a chance and had shown splendid cricket. 7-27-51 met Allee's gaze as he took his place at the vacant wicket. Hodges drove Geary for a single, and cut Tindall i'or like number. The same bats man put the third of Geary's next ia the air for a single while Allee put the last of the over in the slips for a brace' Hodges drove Tindall for two, and Allee hit Geary straight for two, which brought 60 on the board. Hodges put Tindall to the off for a single, and Geary retired in favour of Evans, who treated Hodges to a maiden. Allee then hit the third of Tindall's next to the off for four, and another adjournment for refreshment took place. On resuming Hodges drove Evans and obtained two, through the mulling of Gregory. The same batsman hit the last of the over to the on for four, and 70 appeared on the board. Allee hit the second of Tindall's next to mid-off where Evans let it pass, and a hraca was registered. But the next ball was fatal to the Victorian captain, as he was clean bowled, and the game stool at 8-10-73. Scott joined Hoiges. who hit the last of Evans's next to field-off for a unit. Hodges played the first o£ Tindall's next to short-leg for one, to which the bad throw ing of Massie added another, and then succumbed to ths next ball from the Newtown trundler. 9-17-76. M'Don nell, the last man, only came in to see Scott play the first of Evans's next into Seale's hands at short mid-on, and retire without altering the score. All out at 4.45 for 73, the innings again finishing without one sundry. We have alreadv alluded to the admirable innings of Tennant, and have only to add that Hodges played well for his runs. The bowling of Evans and Tindall was very fine, and the Newtown man met with a large measure of success. To obtain 119 runs to v in was the task set to the New South Wales men when they commenced their sesond innings, and there were few competent judges who were of opinion that the task was too much for them. At 5 o'clock the Victorians took the field, Hodges bowling from the northern and Scott from the southern end. M'Shane fielded in place of M'Donnell. Thompson and Coates were the first to appear at the wickets, the former taking first over from Hodges. Nat cut the first ball for 1, and obtained another for an overthrow ; he then put the second to point for 1, and Coates had the third to the on for another single. Coates played the first ball from Scott to short leg, where M'Shane took it, apparently on the first hop, but Mr. Budd thought it was a catch, and Coates had to vacate, the result being 1-1-4. Massie came next, and played the third ball of the over to the on for a single : — ' But unmerciful disaster Followed fast and followed faster.' Massie was caught by Elliott at the wicket from the first of Hodges' next over, and 2-1-5 was the state of the game when Geary came in and obtained a single for a flukey hit from the third ball of the over. Scott sent in a maiden to Geary, after which Thompson played Hodges in the slips for one. ? Nat then hit the first ot Scott's to long-leg for three, and 10 went up. Nat drove the first of Hodges' next to mid-off, giving a hot chance to Tennent, who declined it. He then hit the second for a brace, and drove the last for one. Thompson hit Scott to the on for one, and took a maiden from Hodges. Geary hit the first of Scott's next for two, and was given out l.b.w. from the last of the over. 3-3-16 seemed to prophecy a losing game as Powell came in. Nat cut the first of Hodges' next for a single, but in hitting at the second of Scott's next over the bat fiew out of his hands and the wicket went down ; thus by one of those accidents to which cricketers are always liable, this sterling batsman was dismissed just at the time when his services were urgently required. 4-12-17, and Evans in. Four maidens followed in succes sion before Powell obtained an opportunity to hit Hodges for one. The second of Scott's next over was a creaser, at which Powell hit, and was bowled, and 5-1-18 told that .the current of disaster wae still flowing. Sheridan joined Evans, and played the last of the over to the off for a sin gle. The same batsman then put Hodges to short-leg for one, and 20 mounted the board. Sheridan put Scott to the on for one, hit Hodges for one, and then received a maiden from Scott. Evans put the first ot Hodges next to short-leg for one, and Sheridan treated him similarly for a double. Evans then cut Scott for 2, and got another for an overthrow, and Sheridan supplemented the contribution by 1 to short-leg. Sheridan cut Hodges for 2, which brought 30 on the board ; and when Evans had received a maiden from Scott the stumps were drawn for the day, the score standing at five wickets for 31. The collapse of our team was complete, and was produced by a combination of bad play and bad luck. Scott's bowling was most effective, as he obtained four wickets for thirteen runs, although Coates seemed a gift to him. The Victorians fielded well. Third Day. The Intercolonial Match was concluded on Monday after noon amid a scene of the wildest excitement, in favour of New South Wales, with one wicket to spare. Those four men who took their innings _ on Mon day played in good form, and preserved their coolness, in the midst of the general excitement, in an admirable manner. Sheridan, especially, acquitted himsel f nobly , ana to his determined defefice is mainly due the victory wlucn we have Enatched. The weather was beautifully fine ana much cooler'than on either of the previous days. The wickets again played well, and were very true. The game was re sumed at 2.30 p.m., and concluded at 4.20, in the presence of about 3000 spectators. When the stumps were drawn on Saturday night five of our men were out for 31, so that oa runs were required to win. Sheridan and Evans resumed their places at the wickets to the bowling of Hodges ana Scott. Hodges delivered first from the eouthern end ana treated Sheridan to a maiden. Evans gave a P-j£S'?, chance to Elliott at the wicket from the third of Scott s first oyer, which was also a maiden. Hodges' second ana third overs were maidens to Sheridan. Evans meanwnue put the third of Scott's second to-leg for two and playea the third over without scoring. Sheridan then got Hoiges to long-leg for four, and Evans put Scott to short- leg tor one ; EvanB then cut the third of Hodges' next over tor three, bringing 40 on the board, and Sheridan slipped the last forabrace. Evans hit Scott to square-leg a unit. A single to each batsman to short-leg result^ from Hodges' next over. Sheridan got Scott to short-leg for one, and Evans put a full-pitch from the same bowle1 the on for two. Allee here went on with slows at Hodges end, while Hodges replaced Scott. Sheridan hit the nrs from Allee straight for one, which brought 50 on the boara, I and Evans put the second to the off for a single. ^van 1 then played Hodges hard back, find in attempting a runJTv runout. 6-15-51. The hopes of New South Wales, win had commenced to rise rapidly as Evans wai s seen to settling dow a, fell almost to zero when his dismissal to place. Gregoiy joined Sheridan, who diove the last oi ^ over for two. Gregory opened by driving Allee for a sino , and then took a maiden from Hodges. Sheridan then -? Allee for one, wfc'le Gregory hit him to the off for to ? Sheridan put the last of Hodges' nextto square-legfoj o » and 60 mounted the board. Allee then sent in a maide Sheridan. Gregory hit the first of Hodges next to i leg four, but was caught by Slight at mid-off from tli£i of the over, leaving the record at 7-9-64. Three wick , fall and 5t- runs' to get was the task when Seale succeea Gregory, and though most of the spectators still nop victory, they nevertheless felt that ' Hope told a flattering tale.' Sheridan hit Allee to field-off for one, and then took a rnai e from Hodges. Allee's next over was productive, om F, the first and third to on for singles, while Sheridan r Rpcond to on for one, and drove the last to the ff for two. This effort brought . 70 into view. v Uses seat in a maiden to Sheridan. Terry re ? Allee at the southern end, and opened with a k6 Men tQ Sheridan. Seale then drove Hodges for one, and ®,® wit him to the off for a lite number. Sheridan Tbusv and again drove Terry to the off for one. The * p w^man then put Hodges to short leg, where fr^npll mulled it, and a unit was registered. Ssale put ^ wf of the over to long-leg for four. When Sheridan rLn a maiden from Teny, Seale drove Hodges for one 2 Shpridan sent him to long-leg for four, which brought ^ flip board, and the excitement began to grow apace, now retired in favour of Scott, who bowled from the Bodges wliile Terry changed to the northern. Scott's ^'Scd ole for abitby s£le. Each bowler was then with a maiden. Seale lifted the second of Terry's ^reduea j giving; a chance to Tennent, who was 2wi,£ Sr the riik, but the opportunity was lost, fid/ L was registered to Seale, who went on his ^oicin°- The Warwict colt then played Scott to 2^5 fnr a ° single, and an adjournment was made for fitPKhment! On resuming, Allee again went on with wTat the northern end ; Scott still trundling from the Tb Seale put Allee to on for one, and then had Scott to f {pa- for three. Up went 90, and the round of applause Ti-lfthat the excitement was getting up. Allee's next n^vfrMed a stogie to each batsman: after which Scott 0Vn^n a maiden to Sheridan. The bowling was again , ~Zi aiIpp retiring in favour of Hodges, from the last CWnse over Seals scored one. Seale then cut Scott °i -LiVr nnint giving iust a possible chance to Allee, but eSS'. gSeale drove the last of Hodges' next over the bowler, hit it too hot to hold, and another unit l The second of Scott's next over hit tho Siniilder of Seale's bat and went up to point, where Allee «Sred it, and the board displayed 8-19-90. The spectators uneasily as Tindall went m and 2i runs were yet Snared The Newtown trundler opened by putting the lftstof the over to fine-leg for three, and taen took a maiden iinrn Tlodees. Sheridan, who had not scored for halfa am. Soott for me From the fat of TlXes's next over three were scored for byes, and the Sntm-v went up on the board, the excitement at the same 'rtmKgnp to fever heat. Sheridan played a maiden from Scott, and Tindall hit Hodges for a single. The same X,ail drove the first of Scott's next for one, and Sheridan Jut the second to short-leg, where he was caught by Woolf, Jmrt concluded a splendid innings, distinguished by admir able coolness and patience for 35. 9-35-104 showed that 15 runs were vet wanted to win, as Dummett, the last man, ^ded his way to the creases. Tindall soon get to work lain, hitting Hodges toiheon for 2, and to long leg tor 4 in the same over, while a prolonged burst of applause greeted the appearance of 110 on the board. Dummett skied the first of Scott's next for 1, and Tindall drove the second for a unit. Hodges got into trouble again, Tindall nuttine him to field-on for 2 and 1 ; and Dummett sending a full pitch to square leg for 1. The changes were again ' rung in the howling, Allee trying slows from the southend Dummett hit the first to the off for 2, making a tie, which so excited him that he was rushing frantically from the field until some one interposed. Dummett then hit the third ?fmm Allee to les for 2, and thus, in a'scene of the wildest excitement, ended in favour of New South Wales the closest intercolonial match ever played inthe colony, with one wicket to spare. Tindall scored 15, and Dummett -43, both not out. The ground was immediately rushed by the spectators, who crowded round the pavilion and called lustily for those who had distinguished themselves in tho match. These, as they appeared, were greeted with loud ? cheering. A subscription was hastily got up in recognition of Sheridan's fine play, and a sum of nearly £30 waa speedily collected and presented to him by Mr. R. Teece on behalf of the contributors. Sheridan will also receive Mr. ?Calvert's gift of £5 5s. for the highest individual score, while Mr. M. H. Stephen's ]Drize of similar amount for the best bowling average will go to Mr. Scott, of Victoria. The moral taught by this match is, ?'Never hold your opponents too cheaply.' There can be little doubt that our men looked on the match as a ?certainty, and that this overweening confidence nearly lost it for them. The Victorian eleven are unmistakably inferior to our team, but by patient batting, careful, activa fielding, and a dogged perseverance throughout, they very nearly pulled it off- and they are entitled to the highest ?credit for their performance. The full scores and bowling analyses are appended : — Fihst Innings of Victoma. ; Slight, J., 31211114134214, b Evans ? ? 29 Cooper, B. B., 21, run out ? 3 'Tennent, J. P., 141212114311111, b Evans ? 25 Elliott, Ii., 113, c Tindall, b Coates ? 5 Baker, F., 2118313422, b Tindall ? 22 ?Terry, B., 1111121311, st Thompson, b Tindall ? IS ? Scott, H„ 11, c Dummett, b Evans ? ? 2 Allee, C. 3., 141111, st Thompson, b Evans ? 9 M'Dounell, P., b Evans ? 0 Hodges, J., I1I23U12, b Evans ? 13 'Woolf, L., 1414, not out ? 10 Total ? 131 Bowling Analysis. — Evans, 22S balls, 22 maiden overs, 75 ?.runs, 6 wickets; Coates, 112 balls, 13 maiden overs, 31 runs, 1 wicket; Tindall, 100 balls, 10 maiden overs, 25 runs, 2 wickets. Fikst Innings of New South Wales. Thompson, N., 21124123, c and b Allee ? 16 ?Gregory, E., b Terry ? ? ? 0 8heridan, E., 411, c Allee, b Hodges ? 6 : Massie, W., 3S211 1114, b Allee ? 17 Powell, T., 121421121424, not out ? 25 ?Seale, J., 21, c and b Allee ? 3 ?Coates, J., Ill, b Allee ? 8 Geary, J., 1114, b Allee ? 7 'TindaU, E., 13, c and b Allee ? 4 Evans, E., 2, c Elliott, b Hodges ? 3 Dummett, W., 11, c Elliott, b Hodges ? 2 Byes 3, leg-bye 1 ? 4 Total ? ? ? 89 Bowling Analysis. — Hodges, 61 balls, 7 maiden overs, 11 sruns, 3 wickets; Terry, 68 balls, 4 maiden overs, 35 runs, 1 'wicket; Baker, 8 balls, 4 runs; AUee, 44 balls, 1 maiden over, 35 ?runs, 6 wickets. Second Innings of Victoria. Slight, J., b Evans ? 0 Woolf, L., 2122, c Tindall, b Evans ? 7 Tennent, J. P., 24182111 121413, c Evans, b TindaU ? 27 Baker, F., 2211, b TindaU ? 6 Terry, B., b TindaU ? 0 Elliott, E., 2312, c Dummett, b Tindall ? 8 ?Cooper, B. B., I, c Tindall, b Geary ? 1 Hodges, J., Ill 1 1212412, b Tindall ? 17 Allee, C. G., 2: b TindaU ? 10 Bcott, H„ c Srale, b Evans ? 0 M'DonneU, not out ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 0 Total ? ? 76 First innings. ? .. ? 131 Grand total ? 207 Bowmkg Analysis.— Evans, 1 13 balls, 18 maiden overs, 26 runs, -J wickets; Coates, 82 balls, 4 maiden overs, 9 runs ; Tindall. 108 12 maiden overs,' 81 runs, 6 wickets; Geary, 28 balls, 2 'Oiaiuen overs, 10 runs, 1 wicket. Second Innings of New South Wales. Thompson, N., 21132111, b Scott ? 12 Coates, J., 1, c Baker, b Scott ? 1 ^lassie, W., 1; c Elliott, b Hodges ? 1 Gcarv, J., 12, i.b.w., b Scott ? 3 PoweU, T. 1, b Scott ? 1 Evans, E., 132181121, ran out ? 15 «hcndan, E., 111121242111211112111411, c Woolf, b Scott ? 35 Gregory, E., 141, c SUght, b Hodges ? 9 «?ale, J„ 11141111131111, e AUee, b Scott ? 19 fuidaU, E.. 31124121, not out ? 15 Uummett, W., 1122, not out ? 6 Byes ? 3 Total for nine wickets ? 120 First inni.igs ? ?. ? 89 Grand total ? ? ? 209 -»n v'11?0 Analysis. — Hodges, 140 balls. 11 maiden overs, 61 ?j0®! 2 wickets ; Scott, 120 balls, 11 maiden overs, 38 runs, 6 wickets ; AUee, 35 balls, 1 maiden, 21 runs ; Terry, 20 balls, 3 maiden overs, 2 runs. ' 