SOURCE OF PERSONAL BEAUTY. A beautiful person (says tho Chris tian Globe) is tho natural form of a beautiful sonl. The mind builds its own house. The soul takes precodenco of the body, and shapes tho body to its own likeness. A vacant mind takes all the meaning out of the fairest face. A sensual disposition doforms tho handsomest features. A cold, selfish heart shrivels, and distorts the best looks. A mean, grovelling spirit takes all tho dignity out of the figure and all the character out of the counten ance. A cherished hatred transforms the most beautiful lineamonts into an image of ugliness. It is as impossible, to preserve good looks with a brood of bad passions feeding on tho blood, a sot of low loves trampling through the hoart, and a selfish, rliVIainful spirit enthroned in tho will, us to preserve the beauty of an elegant mansion with a litter of swine in the basement, a tribe of gipsios in tlio parlour, and owls and vultures in the upper part. Badness and beauty will uo more keep company a great while than poison will consort with health, or ail elegant oarving survive the furnace fire. The experiment of putting thom together has been tried for thousands of years, but with one unvarying result. There is no sculptor like the mind, l'hero is nothing that so refines, polishes, and ennobles face and mien as tbe constant presence of great thoughts. The man who lives.in the region of ideas, moonbeams though they be, be comes idealized. There are no arts, no gymnastics,no cosmetics which can con tribute a tithe so much oi the dignity, the strength, tho ennobling of a man's looks, as a great purpose, a high determination, a noble principle, an unquenohablo enthusiasm. But more powerfal still than any of those as a beautifier of the person is the over mastering purpose and pervading disposition of.kindness in tbe heart. Affection is the organising force in the human constitution. Woman is fairer than man, because she has mora affection tban man. Loveliness is the outside of love. Kindness, sweetness, goodwill, a prevailing dosire and determination to make othors happy, moke the body a temple of tbe fioly Ghost. Tbe soul that is full of pure and geuerouB affections fashions the features.into its own angelio likeness, as the rose by inborent itnpulso grows in graco and blossoms into loveliness which art cannot equal; There is nothing on earth which so quickly transfigures a personality, refines, exalts, irradiates with heaven's own impress of loveliness, as a pervading, prevailing kindness of heart. The angels are beautiful because they are good, and God is beautiful because he is lovo. • : 