MARRIAGE OF THE KING OF SPAIN. (From "Tho Times" Correspondent.) Madrid, Jan. 23. At a quarter-past 11 o'clock tlio Atochia Church, where the marriage was to he solem nised, is filled witli .spectators. The ambassa dors of England, Austria, Germany, and France, are present Tho young King wears tho vene rated and lino uniform of captain-general, tlio grand cordon of ban reniando, nnd tho grand gold collar of the Golden Fleece, It is three years since I have seen him, and he is a good deal altered ; he is taller, his shoulders are broader, he looks frank nnd resolute, nnd his wcll- fortncd head is not cast into the shade hy tho splendour of his uniform. Short brown whiskers atul a fine coquettish moustache give him nu idt' of manly youth, which strikes every body. His hah is brown, rich, and glossy. ()n reaching his seat ho turns towards the specta tors with a frank and natural smile, greets one with a nod, another with the hand, addresses a few words to tho Indies of honour placed behind him, ami exhibits a joyful and nappy expres sion, which lights up his open face. Ono may lw sure thai at this moment ideas of devotion prevail in every heart. Tt is one of the rare moments in a King's life quite freo from shadow. Presently the organ sounds, the<kiug quickly turns towards .the portal, and tlio grandees of the kingdom who liavo followed in his train range themselves on both sides to make room for the passage of the young Queen's procession. Princess Mercedes, rather nale, and her fine, dark eyes slightly moistened by emotions slowly advances on the arm of the Princess of tho Asturios, who takes the place of Queen Christian, who Is unwell. She is dressed in white sntiiij the mantle being also white and richly embroidered. Her white mantilla is fastened by a diamond brooch ; a light crown of diamonds is on her hrow. Her figure is rather stout-set, hut full of grace, her pale face contrasting with lips of chnrming redness. She bends before the altar nnd casts down her eyes liefore the loving smile of the king. The Princess of the Asturius is dressed in white satin, with a grenadine velvet mantle. Shu has the serious manner of a young mother watching over liar child. Behind her is the Due de Mont- ponsiur, in captain-general's uniform, with the cordon and collnr of Charles IIF. The Infanta, his wife, wears a grey dress, wearing, like the Princess of Asturiils and the three other I n fantas, the grand cordon of Mnria Louisa in white and velvet stripes. Behiud hor is tho young Due de Mnutpcnsieq a hoy of 10, dressed in velvet, with a lively and rather restless eye for his age. The Comtessu du Paris, the Queen's sister, has a robe of rose- coloured sntin, with a train of the same colour. The C'omle de Paris Is in the uniform of a colonel of tho French Territorial Army. Princess Ernestine, another older sister of the Queen, is in amniive-coloured dress, with a train of tho saino colour. The Patriarch of tlio Indies, tho Cardinal Archbishop of Bemmdes, his white ornaments embroidered with gold, tho crosier in his hand, the silver mitre mi ids head, who has been to meet tho King at tho door of tho church, stands at tlio foot of the altar, sur rounded by his elurgy. Tho King is placed at his side. Princess Mercedes nnd tho Princess of tho Aslurins have joined them. Everybody is standing. Tlio members of the family aro arranged m tho following order on the red fautoiiils along tho platforms Ono of the first is empty ; Dim Francis Asslsi, the three in fantas, tlio Duchcsso do Mntitpeusicr. tlio Due do Montpcusior, tlio young Duke, tho Cointcsso do Paris, the Cnmtc do Paris, and Princess Ernestine. After them coma tho Grand Duke of Mcdma-Sirionia, Marchionesses of Bcdmar and Malms, another great personage in tho costume of a Knight of Malta, tho pcopo of tho kingdom, and the chamberlains and'oflieors of the household, whilo Ministers of the kingdom nro seated before the (lipUmiatic tribunes, and tho senate ami depu ties fill their tilatfnrm. Evervhniltr !s shimliiur. tho Pntrinrch reading, in aclcar firm voice, from a rod hook with gilt clasps and tho royal arms, tho words customary at marriages of tlio Spanish Kings. "Seller Don Alfonso of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spain, you having determined to marry your august first cousin, tho most sorono Soflora Dofla Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, for which mnrriago his Holiness has granted a dispensa tion of the impediment of relationship ui tho second decree of consanguinity and others, it still remains to bo known whether you aro aware of any other obstacle which prevents you from contracting this marriage ; whether you havo any other spiritual relationship with the said most soreno Soflora Infnuta of Spnin, whether you havo given your word to any other lady, whether you have made a vow of chastity or religion, or there 'is any natural impediment in tho way of tho validity of this mnrriago, and finally whether you con tract it of your own spontaneous and freo will. Declare it on tho faith of your royal word." Tho Patriarch, giving the ring to ono of his coadjutors, addresses both tlio King and tho Princess Mercedes, and calls uppn them in pretty much tlio ' same ' terms,' to declare whother there is any impediment to tlio marriage. Then, turning to tho Princess Mercedes, he says:— ,: "Most soreno Sefiora Dofla .Maria de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infanta of Spain, will you havo for your lawful spouse and husband, as tho holy Outhollo nnd Apos- tolio Church directs. Don Alfonso XII.,' Ca tholic King of Spain?" Answer, "I will." "Do you agree to' ho the spouso and wife of Seflor Don Alfonso XII. of Bourltou, Catholic King of Spain?" Answor, "I consent" "Do you recoivo tho said Seflor Don Alfonso XII, of Bourbon, Catholic King of Spnin, for your spouso aud husband f ' Answer, " I do." At this moment tlio Princess of Astqrina bends townrds the young Queon and says a few words to hor, Tho two mnoesses desceml 'from tho altar tqwnrds tho Dnko and Duchess do Montpensicr. The brido bends before tho hor and kisses her on the forehead.# Tho same happens with the Duchess. This is the public sign of paternal consent, tho indication that tho Princess has liecomo Queen and'nmst no longer kiss tho hand. Tim two Princesses re turn to tho altar. The Pntrinrch resumes v7 "Senor/ ,\\.lfqnso XII. of llourbon, Catholio King of Spain, will you tqko tho most sci-cno Soflora D'ofla Maria do las Mercedes of Orleans nnd Bourbon, Infanta _ of 'Spain, .for your hikxiro and lawful wifo, as tlio Holy Catholic niid Apostolic Church directs ?" An swer, " I will." " Do you ngroo to bo tho spousQ and husband of the most sereno Soflora Dofla Marin de las Mercedes of Orleans and Bourbon, Infquta of Spqiq ?" Answer, tt I do." Do yourccciyo for your spouse und wifo themost sereno Seflora Dofla Mana ilo las Mercedes of Orleans' mid Bourbon.' Infanta of Spain ?" An swor, " Ido," " Ami T', qn liehalf of Almighty God and the blessed apostles Saint Peter and Saint Paul, and IJoly Sf other. Ohureh, marry you. Seflor Don Alfonso XI T. of Bourbon, Cutholio King of Spain, nnd you, tho most Soreno Soflora Dofi Maria du las Mercedes of Orleans and llourbon, and this Sacrament of Marriage I confirm in tho nnino of the Father, the Soiq nnd the Holy Ghost. Ainon." Tho King and Queen, preceded by tlio Dnko of Scstn, tho Grand Master of tho Palace, in full uniform, the grand cordon and gold collnr on his neck, now take thoir scats on tno throne, nnd tho mass commences. The inutile is sweet and resonant. Townrds the eloao tho King nnd Queen rise as well as all present, and tho Pntrinrch addresses them in the following words t— "Now that your Majesties havo rocoived tlio benediction according to the custom of tho clutreh, I admonish you to ho loyal to ono ano ther: ill time ofrpmyer, and especially of fasts nud festivities, to oliservo chastity. 1 admonish you to love each othur ils husband and wife, and to remain in the fear of God, Amen. 1 givo your Majesty a companion nud not a slave. Lovo hor as Christ loves his church." 