List of the Killed and Wounded. The following is a list of the killed and wounded after the first affray in the two islands: — Forty-three were killed at the island of La Foa, and forty- three at the island of Bouloupari. Jj£L JfUJl. MM. Millet, hotelkceper. Roussett, hotelkeeper. Camclia, remale attendant at the Rouset's hotel Camclia's two children. Duval, waitress and child. Femme Chcnion, waitress. Femmc Langlois/.waitress of the Fonwary and her child. Gascoin, attendant. Cvapage, attendant. MM. ^immonneau, brigadier of the gendar merie. Kerjouan, gendarme. Schmidt, gendarme. 'Bertelon. gendarme. Scrodel, gendarme. A convict cook to the gendarmes. M. Boizot, colonist. Mme. Boizot, his wife ; and two children. An ex-convict, then servant. M. Morinat, senr., his wife, and their two children. Train-Young, a Chinese. German excursionist ; and two unknown vic tims. BOXTLOTjPAHI. MM. Coutouly, a colonist. John Henderson, a colonist. Gesland and Makin, overseers of convicts. Mme. Lecas, wife of the officer in charge of Bouloupari ; and her two children. M. Clcch, overseer of telegraph, and Mme. Cloch, his wifi\ MM. Hiou, telegraphic agent at Bouloupari; Jean D'hcur, hotel Mostini. Mostini, brother of the proprietor of the hotel. Five ehildrenYof SMostini, the hotel proprie tor. '' ? .. . . MM. Guthegessolle, gendarme. Rollancl, gendarme. Peyrard, gendarme. ,.; Mme'. Fricotte. wife of M. Fricotte, colonists and their four children. MM. Degucldrc, son of- Mme. Praclie. Tellier, colonist, and his three children. A New Hebrides woman, employed at the station. M. Collenne, overseer of convicts. A convict. Ten persons, whose names are unknown. Sydney Catholic Literary Association. — The half-yearly meeting of this society was held at the Guild Hall, on Thursday, 4th July. The reports of the secretary and treasurer having been read and adopted, the election of officers for the current half-year took place, the following gentle men being elected to the oflices mentioned against their names : — Mr. J. G. O'Ryun, presi dent ; Mr. M. W. Fitzgerald, vice-president ; Mr. J. D. Donovan, secretary ; Mr. M. Canty, treasurer ; Mr. J. Dalton, editor of journal ; and Mr. P. J. Gandon, Librarian. The president delivered an address, pointing out the position held by the Catholic Church in connection with literature and the fine arts, and urging upon the members of the society the necessity of working in unison, with a view to a more extended influ ence. We may mention that the report for M-ie half-year shows that a large amount of business has been transacted by the Association,, and we would remind those that have (lie time to spare that, they can employ their leisure hours in no better way than by becoming members of mi association by which a great amount of good can be done to the young men of tho city. Guild Library. — We have been requested to state that at the instance of Councillor J. F. M'Donnall, a motion was passed on Wednesday last, appointing Messrs. Byrne, Condon, Nelson, Vaughan and JVI'Doimali :i committee to report on the best method of reopening the Guild Li'riry. The committee are also instructed to draw up a code of rules (to be submitted to the Council) for the proper government of the Reading-room and Library. The Chaplain (the Rev. P. J. Maliony) who was Chairman at the meeting, said he heartily approved of the project, and that he -would ask his Grace tho Archbishop to do something towards it. Father Maliony said no better object could be proposed, and he gave his promise that he would do all in hia power to make the Guild Library and Reading room a success. Mr. Head, of 'the Ghost' has promised to give a benefit for the ' Guild Library Fund ' before he leaves, and it is hoped that all the members of the Guild and their families will make a point of being present on the occasion, and thus help to swell a fund that will largely benefit themselves. The benefit takes place on next Wednesday, July 17. Tiie South Atts'j.1j!At.ian Revenue. — Tho official approximate statement of the revenuo of the Government of South. Australia for the year ending 30th ultimo is given as follows by the Advertiser :— The revenue falls about £34,090 below Mr. Boucaut's esti mate, with which he favoured Parliament at nearly the close of last year, and is about £80,000 less than tho earlier estimate of Mr. Ross. The customs have exceeded expectations by nearly £4000, probate and succession duties have yielded £8641 Is 6d less than Mr. Boucaut's estimate ; rents, licenses, and Crown lands disappoint him to the amount of over £9000 ; reimbursements in aid fall short by nearly £0000 ; that mysterious item miscellaneous does not come within £9000 of what was expected ; railways and tramways show a deficiency of nearly £7000, owing, doubtless to the harvest turning out so much lighter than was anticipated ; land sales realized £6000 less than the Premier's figures. On the other side the excesses over the estimate includes between £4000 and £5000 from education, £9558 from postages and tele graphs, and eovoiul smaller sums. Sir ' Henry Parkes at Wagga. — Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., Avar, entertained here on Friday evening at a public dinner, which was a great success. Nearly fifty gentlemen were present., and Sir Henry was enthusiastieelly received. The chair was occupied by tho Mayor of Wagga, and in reply to the toast proposing tho health of the guest, Sir Henry Parkes referred to general topics. He attributed his defeat at the East Sydney election, to the fact that supporters of his, in their anxiety to return favourite can didates, thought his return was assured. He alluded to his long political services in connec tiou with all prominent questions which had claimed the attentionof public man in New South Wales, and made special reference to what lie had done for education and municipal govern ment. He denied having any intention of quit ing Parliamentary life. Throughout the lion, gentleman's speech, which lasted about half an hour, was well received. — Telegram io Herald. The Late Mr. A. 11. C. Mac.u-ee.— Mr. M'Cail'ee, one of the principal partners in the well- known house of A. At' Arthur, and Co., died on Thursday last. The deceased gentleman was born in the North of Ireland. He arrived in this colony about 25 years ago, and shortly after wards became connected with the house of Messrs. A. M' Arthur and Company. Ho was admitted as a partner about twenty years since, and took the leading part in the affairs of the firm. Mr. Ifucafee lias been cut oil' in the prime of life, being only forty-eight years of age. He had been suffering for several months from an affection of the liver, but: until a short time ago it was not anticipated that, his illness would prove fatal. He was regarded as a man of genial and generous disposition, and for those qualities especially was highly . esteemed. lie has left a widow (daughter of the late Hon. George Allen), one son, and two daughters, lie was buried on Thursday, when a large number of persons followed his remains to their last resting place. Seeoant-major Kknxv. — The following para graph from an English paper, re for ring to Ser geant-Major Kenny, who was for many years one of (ho drill-instructors to the New South Wales Volunteer Force, will lie read with interest by many old Sydney, volunteers: — '? The following notice oi' promotion ap pears in the (Juzetle; — ' bVrgeant-major William iKenny, Royal Denbigh and .Uorioneth Militia, to be quart er-nKi;iter.' We may add that Mr. Kenny'ti promotion lias afforded genera), satis faction in the regiment, lie having served without interruption for a period of 21' yearn as Regimental Serjeant-major viz., 14 years in the 'first Twelfth Foot and 10 years in his present militia regiment, thus completing a total service, of 32 years. He is in possession of a medal for highly meritorious service, and lie served in the New Zealand war of 1801S-GG, under Generals Cameron and Chute, being also in possession of the New Zealand war medal. He returned with his regiment to England in the latter end of 1857, after having been nearly fourteen years abroad, and we here take this opportunity of reproducing the words of his lato commanding officer, on the occasion of his leaving the First Twelfth Regiment as follows : — 'By his upright conduct, strict adherence to his duties, and the thorough knowledge of liia profession which he has displayed during his long term of service, lie has gained tho respect due (o real merit from his comrades and subordinates, and the' approbation and esteem of his officei-;.' To the foregoing we may add, personally, that 'Mr. Kenny's conduct since his residence in Wivxhavn has at all times proved him to be the possessor of those natural attri butes which constitute 'a gentleman and a .soldier.' ' A COURE.SFOXDKNT of iho Freeman's Journal states that on the 2nd inshint the family of Sir Bryan O'Loghlan, IvI.P. for Clare, had received a letter from him stating that it was his intention to forego all honours and office and emolument conferred on him in Melbourne, and come over as soon as possible. and take his seat in (lie 'English Parliament. He is said to express; regret at tli inconveni ence which the constituency has experiments during liLs absence, and the constructions attributed through the press '.o his motives. He is represented a:s saying that, on his arrival, he will thoroughly unite with Mr. Butt in his endeavour to obtain Home Rule. He adds that it will be im possible for him to arrive in iluuo to take his seat during the present session, and that such is his desire to return to his native country as its repre sentative, and the descendant of an ancient family, held in esteem ; that he has declined an offer recently made to him of the oflice of Chief Justice of Victoria. [A tele gram from Melbourne to the Herald, says : — In an advertisement in the columns of the.. Heruld, to-night, appears Sir Bryan O'Loglilen's address to the electors of West Melbourne, in consequence of an extract .from the Freemax'a Journal, published in Renter's --'uez .summary. Sir Bryan complains of the notorious unfriendli ness of the Fmemait'ii Journal towards him, and asserts that the letter was not the production of any friend authorized to write on his behalf. — Ed. F. «/.] ? New Zealand. — Wo have papers dated Wel-: lington, ? June 24th, and Lyt telton, Juno 25th, but -: they contain little addi tional news of interest. A Gazelle Fxtraordi ?7i an/ has been issued, containing a proclamation calling Parliament together j^for the dispatch of business on the 2Gth July instant. Up to the 24th the Waitara . meeting had not resulted in anything definite;. On the 23rd the greeting and weeping between Rewi and the chiefs from Wanganui and Wellington too place. Still up to the 24th nothing was done on account of the weather, but it has not been arranged that if the squally weather continues to-morrow the meeting will be held in a largo , auction and storeroom in tho township of Waitara, which is namod Raleigh. 