IjpiMfryieiuJ KlfilalJ&ESRs;??'1' '''™ ' ' ^@SS^Rp?yu^B8 Off HBER 3feli3C«rtte ws» — «? fef -Vi- *,^ ^HAiiEE Y ; ^'flSBI*** *S* *'* DIAMOND 8NUFF ^''itoiteliiWjHmdloiioal order, but rather .^Mffflfttotoi^My ^r the purpose of I nribarinfti »jnl«eat of my otherwise -£ji^h£w& Tba* ''tnithjus tfranger t^fliBB jfHffflifcT fo * -tiine-woni wlvp ; nor \- . doJ-ee rowih rnginf1'*? in the remark,: «*JNtat.i«£luIf of the world dons not \- ? .tamr few £» uthet half lives,' Yet, 5 --«4fcnr.fif the uninitiated can possibly fbnattqr wnfcjrtioa of die scenes InuitteMUflr Guitar their very eyes, or the Mtuute things done by men and *Oi£lth£biive, breathe, and have their being in oar very midst I am led to Sew remarks by tiie recollection of .a ritaBMMirature whicb once betel me in ftSrthJgwwptal at La BdU France. 5»£mmerflf the year 1863 I was frjfiMhw an .engagement in that glonoos ct%i«i3UrMtinft no small excitement by my eekblated Indian rope-tying perfonn kBcea, There were three sensational per formers in the city at the time, who pretty well divided the honors theatri cal between them, each of these three candidates for popular favor being lionized to hia heart's content Two were literally ' lionized' in the true acceptation of that word, they being none other than the celebrated lion tamers, Crocket and Herrman, and the third was your humble Bervant, known in France as M. Tolmaqae, with the appropriate title of L'Hotnme a laoordielndumne. In those days we gave afternoon entertainments only, and con sequently were free to spend the evening how and where we liked. ThU applied to Hermann and .me only. Crocket had to 'show' both afternoon and evening, he being engaged at the Cirque Napoleon, and we at the Hippodrome. And now I pause for a moment to ask my readers .a very strange question. 'Were yon ever in the company of a pickpocket V There now, how foolish you are. You need not button your pockets, my dear air ; and you, madame, have not the slightest occasion to clutch your reticole in that determined and Lady Macbeth like fashion. Nobody is going to filch anything from yon. I am not going to introduce you to any low vulgar fellow with Chief written in every line of ? bis lace, and sneak in every outline of his coarse and flashily got-up carcass. Oh, no! Thegodsfbrbid ! Botuomeofyou ham heard of Barrington, the great gentleman piokpocket, who is said to have filched His Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland's diamond star from off Hia Royal Highness's royal breast, at a royal ball given by His Royal Highness in commemoration of the day His Royal Highness was gracionsly pleased to be ushered into this world of tears. And right royally he behaved on the occasion, I have no doubt It is then about a pickpocket, a very Prince of Pickpockets that I have to dis course, and right speedily will I show towlcametostepbetwurtthewindandhis nobility. But first I'll describe the man himself. As Ouida and Miss Braddon are undoubtedly the best '? word painters' among novelists, and Dickens bears the palmfordescriptive writing, so do I beseech the Sites to endow me at this auspicious moment with a thousandth part of the talent of either of these gifted writers to enable me to do justice to the portrait, for, as I promised, my pickpocket was no vulgar specimen of the article. I am also anxious to present him to you in his proper form. To begin with, my gentle man pickpocket is a gentleman ; that is to say, in . manners, appearance, tactics^ and education — aye, and birth to — except the trifling drawback, as I afterwards discovered, of not being heir to anything but his progenitor's excessively good looks and somewhat vicious temper. He is « lady- killer, too, if ever there existed such an fwi«niil. A linguist, for he has travelled: a fine gentlemanly fellow against his will, and a thorough villain, from choice. In height he is nearly six feet : figure straight as an arrow ; com plexion not yet quite gone, for he is but a youth, and, but for the excessive pallor of his &o;% the red about the eyes, and ?? the crow's feet which show in a strong light, might' pass for a young sprig of the nooility, not much more given to late noun And unholy vigils than any other young and fashionable man about town. He i» a Ghevalur -T IndtutrU, with as many a&nmt; as his more vulgar brethren — BuL Tom, for Harry. He is equally welTlmown in; London and Brussels, anditua fact— a melancholy feet, bat atilla f*.ot-*that only a few month* prior to tnyintroduetion to him in Paris, this charming and «legant candidate for the abnors'o? Newgate was cutting a terrible dash Sn London, and bis perfect turn-out and quiet liveries were the envy of half the young fellows about town. You jiSghtjeeaUn any evening at a fasUion , ei& rettaotant in elegant evening dress, !«njpyingihapleasureB'of ihe table, and rdoobtfass -combining business with pleasure whenever 4he chance occurred. 'No'Oneab gentlemanly and polite to gor oBeottsly^ngletted *bd braoeletted bar ^Saids^^tendspjaeand elegant Count .jdeHA/wao«e4ttokpifl moustache end iwS4^MWdBwd havoc withthe HGiii Hi fofite,«»'UemBnf Srfth-fino haad and military deportment Oknoing at the Mnttonan's «ard I gleaned the fact tliat m,VU either Count or Viscount Some body. At this lapse of time I cannot tax tor memory, sufficiently to remember fei which of these titles my friend laid claim. Written in pencil (this I remember per fectly well) was aioe-de-oampe to Prince D—^s another Paris celebrity. In a few words the aide' told me the following startling foots, and in perfectly pure and well-chosen English, but with the one and rather noticeable exception of his in ability- to pronounce correctly the word ' extraordinary,' which he insisted upon Dtonouncine 'extraordinaire.' another eccentricity of speech being that almost every sentence spoken commenced and frequently ended with this word. But we will let the gentleman introduce Ms subject in his own particular way. 'Well, sir,' said the aide, 'it isac traordinaire the business which procures for me 'the happiness of this interview, but lam charged by his Highuoss, the Prince D — —, who, by the way, is it not extraordinaire, assisted at your perform ance yesterday afternoon, to invite you to dine at his hotel this evening ; but there is a great and extraordinaire secret which I am also to have the felicity of impart ing to M. le Profesaeur.' I bowed, silently awaiting his com mands. ' Does Monsieur believe in ghosts 1' half slily continued the aide. 'No,' from me, and this sharp and prompt ' Then, does Monsieur believe in any supernatural power, such as would con vey matter from place to place without the aid of naman interference, in short,' said he, becoming somewhat heated, ' it is very extraordinaire : but do you be lieve it possible that if I place my hat ou this table, so, in this position, and there being no one iu the room besider our selves, that the bat could be removed to the other table, or be made to disappear altogether without any interference from either of us % Would it not be very, very extraordinaire t' 'It would be more; it would be im possible, Monsieur,' I replied. 'Good,' said he; 'but this thing happens almost every day to some one or other of my friends, and it is this the prince wishes to consult you about.' Punctually to the time I drove up to the prince's hotel, was very kindly re ceived by that gentleman, wh-v in kind consideration for my nationality, com menced the conversation iu my native German. In a few words he gave me to understand that almost daily he or Isis friends were in the habit of visiting a certain cafS (one of the most fashionable and aristocratic in Paris) and that almost daily the advent of such a visit would be marked by the loss or sudden and quite unaccountable disappearance of some valuable or other. Thug, one day a handsome and very costly fur cloak, the gift of an Emperor, would be missing ; another time some gentleman would put his hand to his watch to ascertain the time, but Uie watch, a handsome oue set with brilliants, had taken unto itself wings and flown. 'Now,' said the Prince, whom during dinner I found to be a sensible and shrewd man of the world, ' the inference is that these things are stolen, and also, as none but men of mark and distinction visit here, it may be inferred that 'kleptomania' being a fashionable complaint,' and here I thought I detected a very slight but merry twinkle in the Prince's eye, 'may have broken out in this quarter. Now, forcertaiu reasons, we wish to conduct this affair very quietly and without any inteference from the police. Will you aid us ? If so, come to-morrow at four o'clock to the cafe aud keep your eyes about you. But, above all things, be so disguised that it will be impossible for even your most intimate friend to recog nise you.' . I promised compliance and, with a hearty shake of the hand from the Prince, went on my way back to my apartments. ' This disguise now is a clever move of the Prince's,' thought I, 'for the chances are if there is one of the light fingered gentry in this case he will, tike alibis fraternity, be a frequenter of public places of amusement, and what is more likely than that my personal appearance would be known to uim, in which case instead of my watching him, ho would be occupied in keeping his eye on me lest I should detect any of his movements.' Prompt to time, next day, I entered the caK, the Prince, his extraordinaire aud several others, were seated reading or engaged in chatting pleasantly. Ieay I entered, but by no stretch of the most fertile imagination could any' one have found anything identical with me (ex cept, perhaps, in height) as I was then, and the man who an liour previously en tered his dressing room at the Hippo drome, where I had been engaged since one o'clock in transmogrifying myself from a dark, rather pale-looking mau of some twenty-four years of age to a rosy cheeked, perfectly light-haired, aud em inently stout personage, whose age might be anything from 35 to 60— a thick, heavy, yellowish kind of wig, but so natural that the closest observer could not distinguish it from perfectly natural hair, heavy mous taches to match ( my own were dark, and exceedingly short), and an Imperial which might have been the pride of a French 'Tambour-Major.' At a table next to the one which I selected sat our young scapegrace, the elegant picker up of unconsidered trifles —cool, gentlemanly, and handsome as ever. I took not the slightest notice of him, or rather, I appeared not to notice him; but in reality not his slightest movement could escape me. Presently the (Prince drew from the inner breast pooket of his overcoat, a very handsome diamond-studded snuffbox and regaled himself with a pinch. The action was unnoticed except by myself and the person most interested in diamond set unuffboxes and such like trifles, i.e., our friend the1 surreptitious' appropriator of other men's goodd. Presently, h being summed and the day pretty warm, the Prince removed his overcoat, which he canUfcslyl deposited oh a vacant chair 'bBdaiTnu m ' Almost immediately afterwards 1 noticed that from the posi S^in^i^ I bad placed myself it was ?,|paroeyr possible to get a clear view of the jMntaoas toJteepit well in sight, there, fDW frptonamg to nave dropped my ta^ftweMhieri took the opportunity of teiMM&i;^^wtoto able toyatoh ^^M^^m to understand JakftHattW fcoimon« in which we, the Hii young'raseal lean-' forward, and in the sweetest manner offer the Prince the paper he had been reading, whiht in reaching across, and under cover of the said paper, he quickly aud dexterously extracted the stmuUoi*. Die prize was his, but not for long. I determined ou at once iuforruiug the Prince of his loss, and therefore, pulling out my pocket-book, 1 wrote as follows : — ' Your Highness, —The m:in next to you has got your suuffoox, and I will take it from him in a few minutes, but it will be necessary fur me to go. out for a short time. Should he attempt to leave before I return, you must detain dim. Leave the rest to me.' Then I handed to the Prince my newspaper, and of course the note with it If anyone doubt the possibility of my having written the said note in the presence --f tlicee parties without detection, and, indeed, without boiug seen to write at all, I refer him to that portion of my entertainment which is calfed the blood-writiug on the arm. In this sn-called spirit seance, I write and rend names' and seutences right in front of the footlights, and in full new of hundreds of persons, and without the least fear of detection. Immediately on fiuding myself outside the cafe I looked about me for one of^he^numeruus bazaars for the sale of -fancy articles. Oue was fortunately within a few steps of where I stood. Entering, I purchased a small box the same size as the Prince's snuffbox. Iu this I rolled a few franca, so as to give it the necessary weight, and then wrote on a slip of paper which 1 afterwards enclosed in the box the following words : ' From motives which do not concern me, it is ptsired to spare you the punishment yo*i so richly deserve. Your sleight of-hand is vUe, and will, sooner or later, bring you to the gallows. If you wish to employ your talent honestly, call, aud I will show jruu a way to escpe future misery.' Tins note I was foolish enough to sign with my name. Presently I will show my reader how this act of folly nearly cost me my life, lto entering the cafe, 1 fortunately discovered my former seat occupied. This gave me au opportunity of select infi another chair, which I did, and so placed it as to bring myself a few feet behind my victim. In less time that it takes me t.- write these lines, or the render to peruse them, I had not only taken from him the box, but actually substituted the other one for it. An awkward stumble against him iu plac ing my chair, coupled with ,t polite apology, had di-:ie the work, Presently betook his leave. A slight glance assured the PriAce that I had succeeded, aud with a hearty lau?ii I retunred the box to its rightful owner. Explanations followed, the Prii'j said ' wonderful,' and his a. ? ij-oanip, 'extraordinaire.' ljnmped into my cab aud drove like lightning to the Hippodrome, found that 1 had got there just half-an-hour ton late for my performance, was fined one hundred francs for missing what is professionally called my ' turn,1' but had the pleasure of knowing that I had made a uauie and secured a friend at the saine time. I have reason to believe that this story was related as a good joke in the highest quarters, nor did the Prince forget his adventure with the pickpocket, for ou seeing me a few days afterwards he laugh ingly held up the indentical box as I was passing him on my way to tlio Bois do JJUUlll^UC. ClllUVUCL IIHUlli Wl bJUO liu'v comedy was the patronage of his late Imperial Majesty Napoleon, III. and suite a short time afterwards. But, how about our swell mobsnian 1 He certainly never patronised that cafu any mure, nor was lie ever seen iu the neighbourhood ; but quite two months after the abovej oc currence, as I was leaving the back of the theatre of the Porte St. Martin one very dark evening, I saw a man lying on the pavement a short distance from the stage door. Thinking; the [wur fellow had pur haps been making merry, or worse still, thac he might bu some unfortunate fel low subject to fits, I was just about to raise him on his legs, when I discovered that he wore a small black velvet mask, aud simultaneous with this discovery I saw him raise his hand, in which glittered, what appeared to me, a kind of Spanish knife or dagger. In stinctively I ruised my left arm and re ceived a gash, which had it taken effect where the assassin aimed, these memoirs never would have been written by me. Quick as lightning, I made a dash at the mask and succeeded in tearing it from the villain's face. To my horror 1 discovered my would-be assassin to be no other than the fictitious Count — the pickpocket and swell mobsman, whom I defeated in a game of sleight-of-hand, at the cafe-; — , some weeks previously. But, he certainly had the advantage of me in this tour at force, and cleverly supped away from me before I could even raise the alarm, or ex plain myself to the crowd now gathered on the spot. I bear the mark of that attempt on my life on my arm to this day. Moral— Never try to interfere with the duties of the police, by lifting up drunken men in the dark, especially in large cities like Paris. (To be continued.) 