JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. the quail. The quail iz a gone bird, about one size . bigger than the robin, and so sudden that they hum when they lly. They have no song, bnt whistle lor music ; the tone is solitary and sad, iney are snot on the wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic, (net rate, at parsing, and oven bo able to preach acoeptably, bat if ho ain't studied quail on the wing, ho might as woll shoot nt a streak of lightning iiuthe eky as at a quail on the wing. Briled qnaii, properly supported with jalliea and a; Champagne Charlie, is just the most difficult thing, in my hnmble opinion, tow . beat in the whole history of Tittles, and some, thing to drink. 1 : I am no gourmand, for I kail eat bread and milk five days out of seveo, and smak my lips after 1 get thru, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend with judiBhous acoompanimont, 1 blush at first, then bow my ' ' head, and then smile sweet aoquiesonce — in , other words, I always quail befoio such a ..'request. the paktridoe , . , ,Tbu partridge iz also a game bird. Their ' game iz tow drnm on a log in the spring or the year; and keep both eyes open watching " the sportsman, Partridgos are shot on the wing, and are as eaBy to miss az a ghost iz, It is phnn enufl tew see the old bird hido . her young brood when danger iz' near. ThiB must be seen ; it can't bo described und make any body believe it. ."The partridge, grouse, and pheasant are cousins, anil either of them straddle a grid iron natural ennff to have been bora there. .. Take a couple of yonng partridges and pot tbem down, and serve up with a kind of chorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches . yon buy on the Oampden is Amboy road 87.j percent. I have eat these lamontablo New Jersey ham-sandwiches, and mast say that I prefer a conple of basswood ohips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with fipaulding'B glue. the WOODKOK, Tho fuBt thing yer generally see ov a wood- "kok is a whizz, and the last thing a whirr. How so many ov them are shot on the wing is a. mystery tome, for itiza quicker job -than Bnatching peanys opb a red-hot stove. I have shot at them often, bnt never remem- her ov my killing one of thom yit. Tboy are one ov the game birds, and meny good judges think they are the most elegant vittles that ware feathers, the qoslin, The goslin iz the old goose's young ohild. They are yeller all ovor, and flz soft az a ball of worsted. Their foot is wove hole, and they kan swim az easy az a drop ov kastor- oil on the water. They are born annually abont the 15th of May, and never was known to die natrally. If a man ahonld tell me he saw a goose dio a natral doth, I , ' wouldn't believe him nnder oath after that, ' not even if he swore he had lied about seeing a goose die. The goose are different in one respeot from the hnman family, who are Bed tew -grow weaker and wizer, wherhas a goslin , alwns grows tuffer and more phoolish. I have seen a goose that thoy sod was $3 years old last Juno, and didn't look a i hour older than one that was only 17. ' The goslin waddles when he walks, and paddles when he swimB, but he never dives like a duck out of sight in the water, bnt only changes ends. The food nr the goslin is rye, corn, oats, . and barley, sweet apples, hasty padding, euobotsah, and biled cabbage, cooked pota. toes, raw meat, wine, jelly, aod turnips, stale bread, boiled hash, and buckwheat ' ; cakes that are left over. They ain't so particular as some folks what thoy oat, won't git mad and qnlt' if ; they kant have wet toast and lam ohops ' ' every, morning for breakfast, " What will the present year bring forth " eska an exchange. Bring Fourth of July, of coarse, 