AN OPEN VERDICT. A NEW NOVEL. 3i the Abthob op '• Lad* Addxbt's Secbbt," " ^ Taken .at the Flood;"." Dead Men's : Shoes," " Weayeb8 AKd 'Wjbpt" &c;:' ; i "[Published by special airrangemasl'with the Author ;. •_ .All rights reserved.] , Chapter XITVI.—In the Chtjbchyabd :. «;My dear," said Mrs. Duleainer-to Bea 'trjx quite suddenly one. evening, when she Jfciid Kenrick'whre sitting round .Bie fire in -the snug dining-room a little while before utea,-/'Cyril must certainly assist/ ai" your -iHappilyfor Beatrix the lamp' had not <jret been brought in. There was'only' the changeful 'and uncertain firelight ' which joist at this moment left her face in shadow* •: .-."'Well, j yes," returned , Kenrick. " I *think Cyril-ought to he: invited. - If he werejnot present it wpuld look as if there .was: some quarrel between us, and we are very {good friends, are^we not, dear;?'' he added, turning tohefebtbedi faltered Beatrix. " if he .were not here people would talk," pursuad.jlrsl; Dulcimer'. /"Fou see, Brid ford is motrmore than thirty' miles distant, an d,-as;SeiH'ick's first • cousin ■ an d- Mr.. D ul cimer's late/ourate,tit wonld be only natural for,him teiasa.^'at-the ceremony." Twill write and ask him. to-morrow," :sai$ Kenrihk. Jfl ought''to. Tiave thought /of <it before.'" 0 (' He;has been very, ill," suggested^ Bea trix.1 " He may not be strong ehough to %avel." , " . " " ' . ; Thirty mile.s.pnly, my. dear.. A mere "nothing," said hTrs- Dulcimer.:; ^Besides, he has'guite recoverede-orat any- rate -..he hasgone haektohis\duty.7"Clenieht7tord .me:so a week ago." —'<^enrick,"^ahl7"Beatrix' a-~littlH~later, .when she7 and her lovier were-- walking to the "Water House together through the •wintry, night, "is it. really necessary. for yote cousin to be at our wedding?" "His absence might-cause' a scandal, ^dearest; Bemember "he is my nearest re lation,, known to he.quite near at hand and closely associated' with this place. Do you not ' thrnk :tbat people would say unpleasant things if wO-left him out : " Yes," sighed Beatrix, " people have a jmack of imagining the worst." . ". I should be very sorry, if any one were to say that Cyril was absent at my wed ding because be and my wife feared to ^§bt,"~.said Kenrick,'with a, sudden' pang of jealousy. r. " They shall have no reason for saying anything of .the Hud," Beatrix' answered proudly; " Pray invite your cousin." "Now you are angry." . . " Not with you," ;she answered quickly. "I .-am angry-mth the world, life,'fate." " What, 'Beatrix, .now, when i you have made me so happy, when :all - our ;life is smiling before us—every cloud gone ?" Beatrix's only answer was a sigh. But Kehrickwas rapt in the placi'i delight of his good. fortune;. He loved his JbgtroJhed too well to believe it possible that she did not love him; They had lived so -happily, as it seemed to him, fot nearly four months, in each "other's society. Tfiey had' never had a dispute.r'or even1 a difference of opinion.- Criuid-he douhtthatshe had grown fonder of him day'by day in all that time ? Her irritation to-night was natural; he argued.^ It arose "from her scorn of .the scandals that had darkened her young life. It was hard for her to forget these: things. Kenrick wrote next'day to his cousin. "Dkab Cxiul, ' ' . . " The Dulcimers say you ought to assist at my wedding, and'I think the same. Will you come ? ".Yours always, " Kenbick." The answer was very little longer. , 'DEAB KeNBICK, ; " I agree with you and the Dulcimers. I will come to assist in the ceremony, and wish you and your bride all blessings that this life and "the brighter life after can yield. . " My time is closely occupied here, so my visit must be of the shortest. Twill come on Tuesday afternoon, and must return on Wednesday directly-after the wedding. " Yours in all affection add good faith, ~ "" Cvbil." This letter made'Kenrick happy. It dispelled the one .uneasiness of his mind, the lurking notion that he had helped to spoil his cousin's; peace,' Cyril "was evi-! dently reconciled' to the existing state' of things. After, all it was his own doing, Kenrick thought. He had no right to com plain. Kenrick showed the letter to Beatrix,, who read it slowly and thoughtfully and! returned it to him without a word. " A gentlemanlike letter, isn't it ?" asked' Kenrick. ' , j * ; "Yery," she answered. Did it please her that her former lover should -write in-so friendly a tone—that he should be willing :to assist in the solemn act that was to;make their severance irre vocable? No. ,His". willingness stung her to the quick."^ . . v • ■ • " He neveriqved me,"- she thought; " It was Bella's "pretty-face that he really cared -for. But be thought my fortune would help him in doing good, and he was willing to sacrifice his inclinations in order to be useful to others. . He liked me just well enough, perhaps,- to. -be"' reconciled to the idea of marrying'me, and making use of my fortune." And'then, when the slander, arose, he drew .back. Honor forbade him' marrying a woman the world suspected of a.hideous crime, and whom he did not love." - ' Bitter' thoughts for the bride of to morrow. ; . • \ Tuesday morning bad come.' ; Mr.. s Jcratchell had called at the Water Houss! to tell Miss Harefield everything was done) according to her wish. "The equitable) charge on Kenrick's estate had been paid] off- Culverhduse Castle "was as free as it' had been in the reign of .its wealthiest] possessor. \ "I am very glad it is done," said Beatrix^; and it was the first gladness she had shown] for some days.; ; - ; ' Madame Leonard wanted her to be, . -interested, in her trousseau, - which was being packed by . that clever little French 'woman and the-honest unhandy- English* \- maid: Everything had been left to Madame \- Leonard. " ; '■■■ : ; ' •; • Beatrix had taken do trouble about this masff 'Of new clothes -which-people had de clared .-She must" have, as if to mark dis tinctly rthat to get married is to turn over a new .leaf in the volume of life. "It is all well to let. me do in these things,-.to choose ze colors, and to devise ze modes, but it must that you interest your self a little now that it is all achieved, or I shall think you are not content." "Dear 'Madame Leonard, I am more than content. But I am not very fond of fine clothes. They do not fill my mind with pleasure as ithey seem' to do with some people." •-... . " Ah, my ideal',", cried the Frenchwoman, it is all veny .well to be .high and mighty —but l e&n; tell you there are times / in a woman's life when if she ; did not think about her dress .she would have nothing to think of. And it is better to think of.& new. gown than a new lover. That amuses. And after all'it is innocents. To .talk of dress ..does no one ;any .harm. It is not like scandal.". v t .' " Dear Madame Leonard, you are wiser than I'. -.But never mind the trousseau just now. Please, pack my plainest dresses and wraps in one trunk; I am not going to travel with all those huge boxesj.am I ?" . ,i "No, the biggest of those are to be sent straight to India.; And the' smaller are'to meet you at Brindisi." ' 'J ■ ■ • t Sir Kenrick and his : bride were: to spend their honeymoon in Paris and in'Italy, tra-? veiling by easy stages to Brindisi," whence they were to start for"'India early in April, a fact which Mrs. Dulcimer bitterly be wailed. • : •••'•"' : • ., " I thought Kenrick would sell out," she said) " and; that you would divide your lives between Culverhouse Castle and the Water House." - 1: ' ' " That would have been to spoil Ken rick's career just' as -it' promises distinc tion," answered /Beatrix. " I should re gard that as -a-Mid of . assassination." ' Upon this last day of her maiden life Beatrix was strangely absent and- troubled in -- manner; ; She - shrank :even from Madame. Leonard's gentle sympathy, and while the anxious little woman was busy with the trunks and packing-cases, the owner of all that finery paced the-garden- J walk by thd ;dtdl gray : river, reckless of j the biting eastwind, wrapped in gloomy I thoughts.- The'swolldn waters were rush ing under the old stone arch, the moor was darkly purple against a sunless sky. All nature seemed in harmony with the - mind of to- morrow's bridei' ; > .. The packing business kept Madame Leonard and1 Mary closely occupied all day) so Beatrix wak'undisturbed. . Sir Kenrick had gone.to Grieat Yafford_ to gel the odds and ends Ranted to complete his ' oUtfit". Mrs;D'ulcimeiv' y?as engaged'with.her dress for the wedding, which was being made at home, a. r process which Necessitated fre quent discussions and "consultations with Rebecca and the dressimr • / and which, undertaken from motives of economy, was likely to. result, in an expensive failure. Cyril .was not expected till the evening. He vrds to arrive in time for the1 Vicarage lea, and was . to occupy Mrs. Dulcimer's second-best spare bedroom. r' Beatrix.had promised to call' at the 'Vicarage some time in the afternoon. It was a visit she' would gladly, have avoided in. her' present frame of mind,. but. she thought if-she did not go Mrs. Dtilcimer woiild he likely to come to the Water; "House in quest Of her, and that might, prove a heavier/infliction. So she. put on | her bonnet directly after luncheon and ; walked across the windy bridge and up the ■ windy street to the Vicarage. It was be:- ; tweentwo and three o'clock, a very safe 1 hour at which to pay her visit, since Cyril was. not expected until half-past seven. _Shelhadtheard his letter to Mrs/Dulcimer in'which, he named the , train that was to bring him. ' Mrs, Dulcimer was in Jier bedroom -with Rebecca and the dressmaker. Beatrix; weiit up, at the housemaid's request, and; found these three stitchinsr and talking as i fast as tongues and needles could be driven.; The dress had been three days in' hand, but; just at. the last it was found necessary to; put on an extra pressure to get it finished.: Mrs. Dulcimer was sewing the braid on the skirt, ; Rebecca was pushing strips of; whalebone into the body, the ^dressmaker; was cording a flounce. The room was; strewn with, snippings of -silk, .satin,! sarsanet, and lining,.as thick as leaves in! Vallombrosa; Mrs. Dulchner looked the; image of anxietyr If she had been a .beauty; of seventeen preparing for her first ball, or: a young, actress about to make her debut in; London, , she could not have been more deeply concerned.' . . ! "Oh, Beatrix, I am so glad you have come," she exclaimed, without stopping her needle. " I long to know if you like it." It was the dress, now in scattered por tions. Beatrix looked puzzled. " My love, how absent-minded you are," said Mrs. Dulcimer. " Of course you can't judge of the general appearance till the; flounces are on'and it all comes together. But you can tell me what you think of the color and the style of trimming." " Oh, you mean the • dress," answered; Beatrix, with cruel indifference. "I think' that silver gray is a pretty color." " It's the new shade," said Mrs. Dulci mer. "You are sure it's the new shade,' are you not, Miss Killick she asked, turning to the dressmaker. - " Yes, ma'am, it's quite the new. shade,"; answered Miss Killick, solemnly. - ' ' • ; Beatrix seated herself, by. the fire and idly:watched the blaze, while Mrs. Dulci mer" went on working. There''was not much' Sustained conversation. ' Everybody except Beatrix was thinking of the dress. Miss Killick and Rebecca had their mouths full of pins, and dropped a.few whenever they spoke, like the girl in the fairy tale. After half-an-hour of so, Beatrix rose to go, but Mrs. Dulcimer protested she must stop till the dress was tried on. "It will be ready in a quarter of ahhour, won't it, Miss Killick ?" she enquired. They were all sitting close together now, Rebecca sewing the body to the skirt, the dressmaker sewing on the final flounce. " I don't suppose we shall be much longer, ma'm" said Miss Killick. ■" And at four we are goingto have a re freshing cup of; tea," said the Vicar's wife, " so you really must stop, Beatrix." • Beatrix could not refuse so small a favor, so she went on staring at the fire while the three workers hastened the finish of their- task,: with their heads close together, like the three fatal sisters intent upon the . webof/some particular;destiny which Jove had ordered*them to hurry to its conclusion; ' " There," said the three simultaneously, " it's done." 1 Five minutes later Mrs. Dulcimer was standing before her cheyal glass, buttoned into her new gown, and trying to make it look as if it belonged to her, every fold having the stiffness, strangeness, and awk wardness which are characteristic of a new garment. Beatrix had to assist at the discussion as to whether the sleeve should not be shorr tened a quarter-of-an-inch, or the shoulder seam taken up a little, or the waist tight ened, or the skirt lengthened. When she' found herself free to depart the church clock was striking- the quarter after four. The sky, which had brightened a little in the afternoon, was yellow in the west where the sun would soon go down behind yonder black ridge of moor. The wind had dropped, and there was a mildness in the air, like spring. There was a circuitous way to the Water House through meadows that lay behind the churchyard. It was a solitary walk that. Beatrix liked at all times, and which particularly suited her humor just now. She went in at the wicket gate in the angle of the churchyard, and followed the narrow: path between the crowded headstones and common-place memorials of harmless un- ; eventfullives. :j.- , r - • The- pathway took her by the-side of the: fine: old; iparish church, .close bv the vestry, which was,curiously squeezed in at an angle between, transept and chancel, under the diainond-paned .casement,. ;beside which the white ■ surplices were hanging, past the sunken, door. : ' ; Just as she Came to the door it opened^ and a man came out. She gave a little cry, and the whole scene seeined to rock before-her eyes—the old grey wall, the crumbling tablets, , the leafless elm-branches, the tall black poplars, tbat rose like-watch-towers -between her and the sky. For a moment all were in tumultuous motionj as if- a whirlwind bad risen. Then, with a great effort, she: clasped the railings of a tomb close bv, and commanded brain and body to he stilf. A band was held out to her—and- she took it with a mechanical air. - Iler lips i moved slowly— . ■ "Cyril!" . • Only his name, and the. ice was broken,. The next instant she bad burst into pas sionate tears,''and was-rhi(ring her- 'face against the rusty insensible railings, any where,, only to be out of his :siglit; ' ."'Tier' whole frame Jwas."sh"aken by;those sobs'..' He -could not but perceive—he could not reven pretend not to .perceive her dis tress.' ". ' . . : r ";Fofgive.me,"he sai'd gently.' .'{'I alii more' than sorry that I.came,, if" my pre-! sence grieves you-.- I. ought not to have come—buf'-T-he faltered a little ' here— "respect- fori. youj regard for' my cousin, made it impossible for me to refuse."'"' , "Respect for'me, "she .exclaiined bit: teriy, lifting :up hei\ head, arid .choking down.her sobs with a. desperate effort, ju3t as she had held herself back from uncon sciousness a few moments before. " Respect for me—for a woman whom you could be lieve a poisoner." "Beatrix, I never believed——" he began. "You did not believe me innocent, or .you would not have forsaken me,-" she said, confronting him with eye's that "kindled as she spoke. , He could not. gainsay her.. She had spoken truth. No, not if all the'world had i been against her, hot at the scaffold's foot, | could he have" abandoned -her, could hie; honestly have believed heri guiltless! , But. now that he stood face to face.with • her, now that he saw that noble counten-: ance,. the. splendid'. indignation of those! eyes, he was^as convinced of her innocence as if he had never doubted her. His past: doubts seemed, madness—or worse Vthan; madness, diabolical possession. " If. I had spoken with you after.your j father's death," he- said, " if- we had- met ; face to^ face as we meet :now,'.I "should! never have gone away. " I would have, borne the hardest things men could say of i me—that I had married you for the sake of your fortune—that I had been unsevupu-! lous because you' were rich. I would have; laughed such poisoned arrows to scorn for: your dear sake." "You left me," she said, growing coldeh as lie grew, warm, gaining strength and; firmness as he showed himself more weak.; ; " You left me; that is all.. Perhaps youi really never cared for-me. Indeed I have! some-reason to know there was some one! else y.ou secretly preferred." " That'is wholly false," cried Cyril. " I: never loved hut one woman, and you are she." I " What does it matter? "Why try to! explain the past ? It is all over and done with. To-morrow will make me your1 cousin's wife. And you are come to assist at my wedding. But how' is it you are; here so early ? You are not expected at! the Vicarage till half-past seven." i "I came by an earlier train than I in tended, and having time to spare I went! in to look at the old church," he answered hurriedly. " And to pray for strength to bear to-! morrow's agony," he might have added, for he had been on his knees before the altar at which .he had so often officiated, prav-j ing that his burden might be lightened for him. There was a silence. Beatrix stood still with her back to the. railings that guarded the once splendid tomb of a knight banneret of Elizabeth's reign. She had just strength to stand calmly there, steadily confronting her old lover, but. she had no power to drag her limbs away from the spot. She knew that if she tried to move she must fall like a log at his feet; so she stood there, cold and white as the marble the tomb was made of. " Beatrix," cried Cyril, losing al} mastery of himself in the bewilderment of being alone" with her, close to her, as far from the outside world in. that quiet corner of the churchyard as if they two had been lost upon the wildest, bit of moorland in the country. " Beatrix, why are you going to marry Kenrick ? Why have you been in such haste to prove how utterly you had forgotten me.. "Are you not glad my "wounds have healed so quickly ? You have, nothing to reproach yourself with oh my account. Not even a broken heart." i " And you love Kenrick ?" he asked won dering]}'. ... " He has never suspected me of a hideous cpme. When every one spoke against me he was stanch and true. I am very grate ful to him." I " Gratitude is not love." ' ; ' i "Perhaps not, hut affection and gratitude are near aMn, and Kenrick is satisfied with affection." ••• -J' " I would not he if I were he," cried Cyril, beside himself with anger and jea lousy.' "I-would have nothing less than your love; your .whole-hearted passionate; love. -What, be content to dwell beside the harrow sluggish river, and never sicken for the wide wild sea? I would not be your: husband on such terms.. I despise miy cousin that he can marry you, knowing, as he must know, that you do not love, him."; - . " You have no right to say. that. Do you: think .yourself so much better than-he thatmo woman, having once loved you, can. love him?" - . . - I know that no' true woman ever.loved truly twice. There ; isJ. no .such thing" as, second love worth having, 'i It I is < the mere , ghost of feeling; like ,a rose cut at'iuid summer to be shut up.in a box and brought out at Christmas, revived by sulphur fumes —;a poor phantom; flower, with no more bloom or freshness than if it was made of. paper. Just so much for second love." •* If she could have stirred she would-have left him, but she had still-an acute sense of her helplessness. She must stay-and-listen, let him say what he would. -What was this conflict of feeling in her breast ? Pas sionate love,' passionate anger, scu'rit that made it sweet to wound him, fondness that made her long to . fling herself upon his heart-and cry "Oh, give me' shelter, give me rest. Let all the world- •go-;by,i vYbu and I c ah be' all the world to> each other." " The! yellow wintry light faded-irt rjthe west, the sky grew dull and "bleak;:'the headstones.had a grayer look. : 1 • " Why do you concern yourself about me!?" she.asked bitterly.; " You have coine to.assist at my wedding in order that the1 conventionalities mhy" not be- outraged. That is all very right. My name has been bandied about on people's lipB quite enough already. It is just as .well to avoid; the' scandal of your absence. But that ends all between us.. We need never: see-each other's faces after tormorrow. Why: should j we say hard things, or talk about the past? ! Had you not better go to the Yicarage, and let me go quietly home ?" ./. She was much the calmer , of the two, L despite that inward struggle/between love i atd: resentment. He was mad with.'the pent-up feeling of all those long dreary days midnights in which he had fought with his passion, believing he had beaten it, only to find it now starting "up' in his soul, inde structable as the deathless Egyptian Typlion, that mbristrous type, of evil power., ' . " Let you. go 1 - .No," he cried, with his strong grasp upon her ;wrist, -,gHe who had been weakjas a, child u few short.weeks ago was strong now with all. the,,strength of a desperate tempered soul. . " No, I have got you and I; will not; let you. go.. Oh, my love, my love ! my lost and only love, I will not let you go till I have told .you some thing of thertruth." . . ; His arms were round her now,, her head drawn close to his breast, bis -eyes looking down into hers with fond despairing love, bis words hurrying thick and fast-from lips that trembled as they spoke... ■ Yes, you shall hear me, you shall know ■the truth—all the mad foolish truth." When yoiu' father . died, and. people, began to whisper, and to shrug their- shoulders, and insinuate vile .slanders against you, the j devil got into my mind, as into the iminds > 'of those/village gossips, and. a horrible-fear i took hold of.ine. I thought it was just j -possible—just within the compass , of human j .error—Jthat; maddened, by;your father's i tyranny, and injustice, you had blackened ; your, soul with murder—your fair -young ! soul which till that hour.I had deemed • stainless. , I saw you at the inquest, and I j -thought, Gold; help me! -that-1 could read \ guilt in yoiu- face and manner,. I struggled j against ;the conviction—I tried to believe j you innocent and all the world mistaken—j jbut the more-I fought against it the stronger j that conviction grew. In my darkest hours! I believed you guilty—at my best moments; I was doubtful. So I swore I would pluck j your image out of my heart. How could It : cherish you, sin incarnate, and be faithful to I my God? What.was my individual hap-! piness upon this little spot :of earth when, weighed against duty and■■ honor ? And; , so I left you, love—went, away to forget1 you—worked as few men have worked—; strove as few have striven—prayed with-! out ceasing—and remembered you all the! more vividly for the distance that severed: us, and loved you all the more dearly be-i cause I had lost you. And now," he cried,: straining her against his heart in one despe rate embrace, pressing his lips to hers in: one impassioned kiss," now, marry Kenrick Culverhouse, if you dare, and let the memory of me be your curse as it is mine, to remember you.'. After that kiss lie loosed his hold and let her. go. She tottered a few paces from the railing that had supported her, and then her feet seemed to get entangled in the long grass of a neglected grave, and she fell! headlong at the foot of a gloomy old yew which stretched its long branches across her as she lay, like the scraggy arms of weird women—pointing to a foredoomed victim of Fate. , Cyril ran back to the vestry to get some water, and there happily encountered Mrs.; Pomfret, the pew-opener, who had come to dust and garnish the church for to-morrow's ceremony. " Miss Harefield has fainted," He cried. "Bring some water, and see what you can do for her, while I go and get a fly." ■ He went into the street intending-to order a carriage, at the inn, but luckily found the flyman who had brought him from Great Yafford, refreshing his horse with a nose-bag and himself with a pint of ale before a small beer-shop over against the churchyard. He told this man to bring his fly close up to the gate for a lady. " I must get back to the town, directly " said the man. " I only want you to drive half-a-mile or so, and I'll give you a crown for the job." " Very well, sir, I'll do it." Cyril went back to the spot where he had left Beatrix. She was seated upon a low stone tomb, supported by Mrs. Pomfret, and looking.dazed and white. " I have got a fly to drive her home," he said to the pew-opener, "Bring her as soon as you can. It is getting cold here." The wind had risen. The tall poplars were swaying against the chill evening shy, the old yew was groaning drearily, like a giant in pain. Cyril waited silently, and as silently ac companied Beatrix when she 'was able to move slowly towards the gate, leaning on t Mrs. Pomfret as she went. He handed her into the fly; with Mrs. Pomfret, who was -to see her safe at home, directed and paid the driver, and waited bare-headed till the fly was out. of sight. A wild white face looted out at him - from the carriage window, . . . :.. : . . 