HiSCEUAdY. MADE OF AWL WOBK.-Shoes. DISTURBING THE GRAVE-Making a sober man laugh. REVENGE.-When the Khedive of Egypt has a grudge against a man he marries bis daughter. YOUNG men should take pattern by pianos -be square, upright, grand.-American Paper. QUERY.-Does a small waist enhance a lady's beauty f Corset does. INEVITABLE..-War is inevitable. Marriages still continue. BY many it is thought meet to give a poor dog a bone. THE latest song out is entitled, " The Gas Bill." It is sung long metre. CYNICAL,-Take care of the pennies, and the pounds will be taken care of by some other per son. A MAN in New York has a watch which he says has gained time enough to pay for itself in six months. SILENCE is not always golden. The oyster is continually getting into broils and stews, and be is quiet enough. WHEN the landlady discovered that her lodgers were dropping off, the burden of her song be came " Nothing but leaves." THE sea may be assailed with Buch epithets as greedy, furious, mad, wild, raging, and bo forth; but it can never be called wreckless. A MASTERY EXPLAINED. - Tilton and Beecher are both off lecturing. Elizabeth is the advertising agent.-Boston Post. ALHOST every actor has his favourite rdle Now and then one is found whose favourite roll is in the gutter. BY OUR OWN MISOGYNIST.-One profession the ladies are not likely to invade-tl;e church. They prefer giving to taking Orders.-Punch. MOST TRULY LIMNED.-A beautiful woman has been described as the paradise of the eye and the purgatory of the puree. MOST kinds of roots and barks are used as medicines except the cube and square roots and the bark of a dog. A BAKER has invented a new kind of yeast that makes his bread so light that a pound loaf weighs only twelve ounces. NOT TO BE CONFCSED.-Professor: " Is the intensity of gravity greater at the poles or the equator ?" Freshman : " Yes, sir. '? Professor: " Which ?" Freshman: "Greater, sir." WAIVED.-" He waived his adieux," the country editor remarked of a subscriber who had skipped out overnight, leaving his creditors in the lurch.-American Paper. Mr. P. Bent his two boys to a friend's until tbe peril of an impending earthquake should be past. In a. few days he received this letter:" Please take your boys home, and 6end down the earthquake." A TRULY ODD FORCE.-Mrs. MaJaprop, during the late hard weather, was heard to inquire. whether the cold was in any way supposed to be occa sioned by positive or negative' eccentricity f-Punch. REGULAR IRREGULARITY.-Passenger (in a huny): "Is this train punctual?" Porter: " Yessir, generally a quarter of an hour late to a minute !" Punch. IN REQUEST.-"I didn't know," said an old lady, as she laid down her newspaper, " that thieves were so scarce that they bad to advertise for 'em, and offer a reward for their discovery." How IT is MANAGED. -French lady to family physician: "Doctor, I want my husband to take me to Nice for the winter. Now, what la the matter with me?" . TEASER.-Someone was talking to John Leech of Frank Matthews, and said, "You know Frank-not Charles-the one with tie most t's f' "Hostteas!"answered Leech; "mostbrandies-and water, you mean!" A HOPELESS CASE.-Doctor-I tell you what it is, Mrs. Jlnka, I can do nothing for that husband of yours till be signs the pledge ! Mrs. jr. Lor, sir! '£ done that a fortnight ago, sir, an' 'e'g bin wus erer Binoe I A LIKENESS.-The French tramp resembles Wb English cousin. Met with the response that there was nothing for him to do, he answered, "Oh, madame, if you only knew now little work would occupy me." PEACE AT LAST.-Brown's wife went to the dentist's on Friday and took gas. The new set of teeth is not ready, nor is she ready; and so there his been peace in the Brown family for several days. As Brown joyfully remarked: " Her mouth is closed for repairs.^ PRACTICAL.-"'My boy," said a solemn visaged evangelist to a lad who had Just emerged from a hair-pulling match with another boy, " do you expect to roam hereafter in a land of pure delight?" "No," said the Ud; "I have busted another button, and expect to get licked for it." IT Wouldn't Soit.-A woman found a house that plowed her, but the back yard didn't give sattsfactioii. The fehce didn't contain a single knot holes %no she n|d She wasnt going to break her nock fljlyiyng iftitap nf old barrel to nee what was goingio^ in tfcetoext yard. Hb ©ax NOT ONLY RECOMMEND, BUT He CJJI UJ|R-ExuibIy HIM 1-The following curious ad ' ver&eitient; appears in a provincial newspaper"The Iwr. i-4- can recommend a young woman of about 27 Vein of age, of exeellent character and behaviour; as. f*ri«fr-Eaid) atoo,can tnllkaoowor two. Pernio DJt-A Chicago paper says " Wlthii fire minutes after the dannof fire pis given our repbrter wu on the ground.'1 A rival paper, observes-4' WeTiave little aoiibt <of it, If lib gave the slightest grovocnion to the foreman otthe tngine Su^AKOpmromTt.-Lafittpfeeka gentle man n^ed Doflge was fcharwdWHh fmid, * lady named Bavtfe-wat'-eeomred far *' pttty l named Wefih: wm jNMitod ct 5 dbhon«*y> 1 tramp S Ka&tieapujli; ff* dm* ' 1 i v r!.- !.?. wjtl'f QlU fi l " ' ^ only wanted to write comic paragraphs, what lovely chances these would be!-Fun. SINGULAR POEGETFULNESS. -The latest de-. fence set up by a person who, in tossing (or money. WM detected in reversing the face of the coin used to suit his own ends was tint it was an act of un conscious cerebration. He added that when he found himself doing this he always thought it was time to leave off. In this the bystanders agreed with A DISASTROUS GHOBT INVESTIGATION. A man saw aghoat wWle walking along a lonely high I?i£llghtJ .ghost stooirexactly fnthe middle of the road, and tee wayfarer, deciding to in vestigato, poked nt it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked twenty feet into a mud-hole. Moral-Never poke an umbrella at a targe white mule when its back is turned. " LOVE WILL FIND OUT THE WAT " (Old Song).-Mistress (who does not,allow "followers" in the house): " Who is that you were talking to in the kitchen, Mary? Oh, but I certainly did hear you talking to some one, and I thought 1 heard, indis tinctly I admit, a man's-" Mary (making a dean breast of it): "Well, you see,', tn'um, trie and my young man have started a,tallyphone, m'um-but he never comes nearer than round the corner of the next street, m'um!"-Punch. / RASING A RAZOR > KNIGHT.-" Put some perfumery on my moustache," said a young man to - the barber, who was. giving a few finishing touches, in a popular barber's shop, " Must be going to make a call 7" said thfe polite tonsorial. artist. " Yes ; going to drop around to see some folk," was tjie reply. "Going to see one of' your many laity-friends, of course?" insinuated the knight of the razor.. Then the young nian rose up out of the barber's chair and said, "See, here, my friend-do'you suppose I put perftuhery on my moustache because I'm going to see a manj or a boy, or an old woman, or a baby'in armfi 7" The barber was silenced.-American Paper. DROPPED HAIRPINS.-What man who, away from his wife efr sweetheart (and every man neither a monster nor a mathematician' is very apt to have one or the other), has ever picked ,up a hair-pin without reverting longingly p,nd somewhat lovingly to her? He forms hypotheses, indulges in surmises, draws inferences from .the', hair-pin, that are un favourable to celibacy and hostile to Hal thus. Like a gifted naturalist, he constructs the whole from the slender part; he evolves the- entire woman from the isoscelean hook, and depicts her as a glorious creature. His memory acts very much as his imagination. The creature whom he has left behind appears fairer and fonder than he has seen her, and she whom he h<m not beheld glows under the hues of the ideal. Here is nothing like a discovered hair-pin to enkindle a man's recollection or stimulate his fancy, and the dropper of hair-pins knows it. She. drops them with malice prepense, arid she is not mistaken, in her guesses at the general result. May not the adroit distribution of hairpins, under the assumption that they have been lost, be a feminine plan to captivate and hold captive the sterner sex? May it not be a time-honoured, persistently-followed design to undermine our independence ? May not the woman's rights women of centuries past-the agita tions of woman's rights dates centuries Wit-have first concocted the scheme which so affects and faghjong us? Women have an order of Freemasonry of their own. There are some things which they impart to, and clearly understand through, one another, but which they, never tell us, or convey by the slightest intimation. They may all' be, regardless-6t' colour, climate, or condition, members of the Secret Order of the Dropping Hair-pin. We may have been helped and hindered, baffled and benefited, mocked and managed, deceived and delighted by it for generations, without ever suspecting its existence. Men are always managed most and best when they never dream that they are managed at all, and this Bort of management may be the speoikl purpose of the S.O.D.H." If so, who shall say the purpose has not been well and wonder fully carried out ?-New York Times. AN ACCOMMODATING WITNESS.-In an as sault and battery case tried before Justice Moses a day or two since, a Mexican was a witness. The business proceeded as followsJudge: You speak English, do you not ? Witness: Yes, dr. Judge : Well, you will please go on and tell what you know of the assault made by thigman upon this woman. Witness: Yes, sir. . Attorney: Ye onderstand, sor, that ye are to go on and shtate to the coort and jury phwat ye know about this case-in yer own language. D'ye onder Btand f Witness: Yes, sir, I understand perfectly welL ' Yon want me to fceii the story in my own language. Attorney: Exactly. Proceed, sor. Witness: Este mojare ven a mi la caso Attorney: Phwat d'e soy? Witness: Estehombretombien Attorney: Phwat is that ye are saying ? Phwat did the man do -phwat did ne say? Witness: Aqui, senora, yo quere habia uste Attorney (growing red in the face) : Phwat are ye jabberin'-Italian, French, Dutch, or phwat ? Witness: I am speaking in my own language, sir, as you requested me to So-I am a Spaniard, sir. Attorney: I -didn't marie for ye to 6h pake yer own language when I said for ye to shpake yer own language. Ye can shpake to me as I'm shpakin' to ye, can't ye? Witness: I can try, sir. Attorney: Well, thin, thry, sor. Shtate to the Coort and the jury phwat ye know of the assault. Witness: Well, thin, yer Honour, this man and this woman kem to me house, and sez the man to the woman, Sez he, I want to shpake widye, sez . Attorney: Phwat do ye mane, sor, by shpaking in that way ? ' Witness: Sure, sor, ye axed me to shpake in the language ye use yereelf.-sor, an" sure Dm afther , thryin' to obleege attorney: I dop't prant any such language aS thtit from ^e, sor. I--. Judge : Proceed in English, please, with what you saw of the affair. Witness: With pleasure, sir. I should have done so at first; but the learned counsel seemed rather particular in regard to the language in Which he wished me to give evidence. As the witofess pro ceeded with his story the attorney, sat lpQppuig his brow with his bandanna, and scowling "black as a thundercloud on all in the room.-Virginia Enter prise. THE POTTSTOWN TRAGEDY.-This, terrible event is thus described by the "New York Times": Just after the beginning- of Lent two young men came to Pottstown and announced that they were the sole owners of a new process of restoring1 brilliancy and softness to back hair, no matter what might be its age or condition. They began their operations by distributing: to every house in the town printed circulars, setting forth their "business, and naming a ridicuously 16w price for- their services. In this circular it was promised .that the longest switches should be renovated for'10 cents each, while the chaise for renovating burls and "fronts" was even lower. The ladies of Pottstown were assured that the process of renovation should be conducted with the ut most secrecy, and it would require in no case more than ' three 'days. Copies of alleged letters signed by Mrs. Anthony, Mrs. Clara Morris, -President Hayes, and Hist Clara Louise Kellogg, certifying that their back hair had been renovated to their Complete satisfaction, were annexed to the oircular, and there was not a woman in all Pottstown who did not fully believe that she was exceptionally fortunate in having the circular brought to ner attention. The next day the two young: men, each carrying a large covered basket, called at every house to receive orders and back hair. They had printed receipts with them, which they gave in exchange for hair, and ^hich had an extremely genuine and business-like appearance. Before they had visited one-quarter of the houses their baskets were full, and tbey were obliged to . return to their hotel and to empty them before taking a fresh start. . .Judging from the size of their baskets,a local scientific person has estimated that they collected * ton and * half of back hair in the course of ' \ two days. There was not-so we.,are assured-a woman in Pottstown who did pot trust her hair to theBe audacious wretches, with the exoeption ofatew . ladies of African descent; and each one believed that, within three days at the furthest, she would reoeive back her cherished locks : in a greatly improved Con dition. For several days after the back hairaf 3?otts- ? town had thus been placed in the keeping of the pretended hair renovators np ladies were "noble on the Pottstown streets.: At the sMnfctitne, every lady at whose house any young man ventufedty make aoJl - was either " engaged " or " ill,", and declini&dio; re ceive visitors. On the fifth day, the'1rot*5 at which the two scoundrels bad stoppMw^viaitW by ' scores of excited husbands and ..brothers, who w^re horrified to 'learn that' the tyb hair imb- ' ' vators had left town-five days; More/'"'carrying ; -with thfem seven large and heavy trunks:*, Over . the Bcenfes which took place when t^is teiTfbTe news ', readied jthe ladies of Pottstown*Veil mu& be&fewn;, ' Muchniay be fosgivfcn to- aflrakpaa wfcohl*)be«i ' eheptedput of herback,h»ir,but it Is impoesible to anprpye of the waat'ol judgment which s&eralin-; ' ' ' dignant'wives evinoed ini*iyiw to ie]AaDe tbeit 'fwttas JnPottttOWn lor twnss il^lo oota^tadw . . .>! jar a»the iogai yxwng men ^.oonom^ttugrwtH!.11 Y.VV'/I have .1)0 female society Whatever. The sudden re> 4 , viva! Hh«-oi«yiin<f tt , . etatasmsnareM^nc n:.;rjf-r;} fo»: '; 