SATURDAY, JULY G, 1S7S. RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. We can unreservedly agree with many of the principles laid down and arguments advanced in the circular addressed by the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Moorhottse) to his clergy on the subject of religious education. In declining to accept the responsibility of giving religious education, the state never for a moment wished to underrate its importance. Interested as it is in the morality of its citizens, the state cannot be indifferent to their receiving the religious education which, as an historical fact, has in all ages been the principal foundation of morality in the minds of. the masses of the people. Differences of opinion about the ultimate grounds of morality there may be many. It may be, and in fact is, discussed as a speculative question, whether a time may not come when morality may find a foundation of its own in the practical reason of man, and so subsist entirely independently of religion. But, as a plain obvious fact, we can all admit that the greater part of the morality which exists in the minds and lives of the people comes to them through the medium of religion. It is essentially the interest of the state that this morality shall be retained undiminished. At the same time, the state has decided that it cannot have anything .to do with teaching , religion, as, were it to attempt to do 3b i the question would* immediately arise — what religion 1 It cannot undertake' to answer this question. The state has tried to answer 'it in an authoritative way in past ages, and ?the result was not encouraging for imitation. Whatever-'may be done or omitted, that course can never be repeated. ''Whore the state has cut itself adrift from religion, it will never renew the alliance, and the separated element nuist work out its own life as best it may. The Bishop of Melbourne has. since his arrival in the colony heartily and cheerfully accepted- these conditions, not as the best ones, but as unalterable! At a meeting he convened to consider this subject some time ago, he pointed out that it was utterly useless to complain of the decision of the state not to impart religious instruction. ' All that remained for the church was to accept the responsibility of giving this education herself. He strenuously urged this duty on the laity and the clergy, and has lately obtained some information from the clergy of his church as to the extent and success of their efforts. The information he has received is not at all satisfactory. It goes to show that the religious instruction of the young is in a most ,unaati8f,acjbory condition. The bishop, therefore, by circular agaii&fyjcings; ' this subject under the notice of the clergy, arid 'strongly impresses on them the duty of persevering with unwearied energy in the work, however great may bo tho discourage ments which attend' 'it.*', 'I fear that very few of\us,J' writes Dr. Moorhotjse, /'have ran r:a^&m;^,io conception ' cither of the spiritual destitution' of ffhc rising generation 'in this colony, or of tho probable effect of this state pi[ ' things. I do nut believe that tho majority of those who ' ' banished religious instruction from our stato schools, had ' any objection either^ to the^B^blp sjfto.? text-book, or to -e suchundonominational jBB'tiH&fcHosn-fin;* Divine 'knowledge ' as is now given in the board schools of London. They ' banished religious instruction because they thought it ' impossible to keep the peace between rival sects and 'denominations. I believe that the experience of the ' mother- country shows them to have been mistaken. But, ' however that may be, of the result of their action there ' can be no doubt or question.' After depicting what this result is, he proceeds : — 'I do not believe for one moment ' that the great mass of our people desire such a result. ' They wish their children to read the Bible, and learn its ' holy lessons. They believe that character can only be ' formed through moral and religious instruction, and that 'asa text-book for such instruction there is no book c- comparable to the sacred volume. ' In all this we believe that the bishop is only speaking the feelings of a great portion of the people. They wish their children to receive moral education as they wish them to receive mental education. It is quite possible that, when the Education Act was yet under discussion, had the leading men in the different denominations been as truly liberal and as truly catholic in spirit as Dr. Moorhouse, as indisposed to cavil about small differences in view of broad agreement, the state might have been able to carry through' the com promise it attempted, and might be teaching religious morality in the schools at the present day. However, it is useless to look back. True wisdorn consists in looking to the future, and making the best use of existing conditions. On this point the bishop says : — 'I would solemnly urge you, my reverend brother, to ' endeavour to set clearly. and vividly before your own ' mind what must be the present moral condition, and '** probable moral future, of those who have no larger ' education than that given. in our state schools. Let tis ' ask ourselves how we should have fared, if God, and all ' the religious sanctions of action, had been carefully', .kept ' out of our mind. We know what our life has been, with ' Christian light to guide it and Christian grace to support '^t. ' Can we hope, then, that we should have been kept from ' gross wickedness without such aid ? that witb/no better ' motive than interest, no worthier deterrent than fear, ? ' we could have escaped so far as by God's mercy we: have ' done from the ignoble slavery of a sensual selfishness? ' What can be the effect, my reverend brother, of a merely ' godless education like this, but, in commerce, feverish' ' speculation and systematic knavery; in politics, selfish ' 11 ambition, cruel animosity, and unscrupulous oppression £;: ' in social life, impurity, effeminacy, idleness, and incoii-' ' stancy? . . ' . Since the state thinks it cannot, we 'must bestow a religious education upon our children. ' We are bound to do this (not only to make the effort, but ' to go on making it till we succeed) by every obligation ' which we hold most sacred; by loyalty to oiir Divine ?' Master ; by faithfulness to our ordination vows ; by love ' of those souls over whom the Holy Ghost has made us ' overseers ; and, riot less, by patriotic attachment to the ' country which feeds and shelters us. We must resolve ' to succeed. It we're better to lose anything than the ' hearts of our children. If the method should fail, we ' must try another. . . . Lay the matter before your ' people. Remind them of the utter; insufficiency of ' ' Sunday-school instruction alone ; ' of the necessity that ' there should be some kind of balance and proportion ' between sacred and secular education, even in the case »'. of those who attend; Sunday-schools, as well as some '?'? kind of week-day provision for those who do not.' In these wise and earnest words Dr. Moorhoxtse has brought home a high and important duty to the mind and conscience of his church. In its due and effective perform ance the state is directly and deeply interested, and all must watch with interest the result of the appeal. 