[?] Within the Precincts. By Mee. OLIPHANT. [The right of publication in Australia has been pnrehucd by the proprietor* of the Sydnty ifai/.J Chapteb XXTV (conclcded). Lottie 'withdrew timidly into the aisle when the service was oTer. She knew the Signor would pass that way, and it Beemed to her that it would be easier to speak to him there than to go to his house, which wai the only other alternative. But the Signor, when he came out, was encircled by a group ot his pupils, and darted a vengeful, discouraging glance at her as he passed. He would not pause nor take any notice of the step she made towards him. The wistful look in her face, if he had seen it, would have given him a certain pleasure to disappoint Lottie, for the Signor had a womanish element in him, and was hot and merciless in his partisanship. He cast a glance at her that might have slain her, that was as far from en couraging Her as anything couia be, ana passed quickly by, taking no other notice. Thus her mis sion was fruitless ; and it was the same in the after noon, when she went out by the north door, and made believe to be passing when the musician came out. To do him justice, he had no notion that she wanted him, but wondered a lit le to find her a second time in his way. He was obliged, &% it was outside the Abbey, to take off his hat to her ; but he did so in the moBt grudging, hasty way, and went on talking with 1 is pupils, pretending to be doubly engaged and deeply interested in what the lads were saying. There was no chance, then, short of going to his house, of carrying out her resolution for this dav. But in the evening, when all was still, Lottie, who had been sitting at home working and thinking till her heart was sick and her brain throbbing, put on her hat and went out in the dusk to get the air at the door. It was a lovely quiet night, the moon rising f\vnr flif» orrpv ninnnriAQ nftliA AhVtotr tnuvVinfr nut- ita great shadow upon the Dean s Walk, and the migno nette smelling sweet in all the little gardens. A few of the old Chevaliers were still about, breathing the sweetness of the evening, like Lottie herself. Captain Temple, who was among them, came up to her with his old-fashioned fatherly gallantry as soon as he saw her. ' Will you take a turn, my dear f ' he said. He had no child, and she had never had, so to speak, any father, at least in this way. They went up and down the terrace pavement, and then they crossed the road to the Abbey, from which, though it was so late, the tones of the great organ were beginning to steal out upon the night. ' Is this a ghost that is playing, or what can the Signor be thinking of ? ' Captain Temple said. Old Wykeham, that gruff old guardian of the sacred place, was Btanding with his keys in his hands at the south door. He had not his usual rusty gown nor his velvet cap. being then in an unofficial capacity ; but Wykeham would not have been Wykeham with out his keys. And though he was gruff, he knew to whom respect was due. ' Yessir, there's something RbSng on inside. One o1 the Signor's fancies. H« have got some friends, a playing his voluntaries to them ; and if you like, Captain, I will let you in in a moment, sir.' 'Shall we go, my dear?' the old Captain said. And next moment they were in the great gloom of the Abbey, which was so different in its solemnity from, the soft summer dark outside. There was a gleam of brilliant light in the organ-loft where the Signor was playing, which threw transverse rays out on either side into the darkness, showing vaguely the carved work of the canopies over the stalls, and the faded banners that hung over them. Down in the deep gloom of the choir below a few figures were dimly perceptible. Lottie and her kind old companion did not join these privileged listeners ; .they. kept outside in the nave, where the mom, which had just climbed tbe height of the great windows, had suddenly buist in, throwing huge dimly-coloured pic tures of the painted glass upon the floor. Lottie, who was not so sensible as she might have been, preferred this partial light, notwithstanding the mystic charm, of the darkness, which was somewhat awful to look in upon through the open door of the choir. She put hex hand, a little tremulous, on the old Captain's arm, and stood and listened, feeling all her troubles calmed. What was it that thus calmed her perturbed soul I She thought it was the awe of the place, the spell of the darkness and the moonlight, the music that made it all wonderful. The Signor was playing a strange piece of old music when the two came in. It was an old litany, and Lottie thought as she listened that she could hear an unseen choir in the far distane, high among the grey pinnacles, on the edge of the clouds, intoning in intricate delicate circles of harmony the responses. Was it the old monks ; Was it the angels ? Who could tell ? ' Lottie, my love, that is the vox huuiana stop,' said the kind old Captain, who knew something av out it ; and as he, too, was no wiser than other people, he began to whisper an explanation to her of how it was. But Lottie cared nothing about stops. She could hear the solemn singers of the past quiring far off at some unseen altar, the softened dis tant sweetuesB of the reply. Her heart rose up into the great floating circling atmosphere of song. She seemed to get breath again, to ie,t her soul; a strange impulse came over her. She who was so shy, so uncertain of her power, so bitterly unwilling to adopt the trade that was being forced upon her : it was all that she could do to keep her self from singing, joining to those mystical spiritual voices her own that was full of life and youth. Her breast swelled, her lipB came apart, her voice all but escaped from her, soaring into that celestial distance. All at once the strain stopped, and she with it, com ing down to the Abbey nave again, whpre she stood in the midst of the dim reflected rubies and amethysts and silvery whites of a great painted window, giddy and leaning upon the old Chevalier. ♦♦It was the tor hnmatia. It is too theatrical for my taste, my dear. It was invented by ? ' ' 'Oh, hush, hush,' cried Lottie, under her breath; ' he is beginning auain.' __ This tune it , was theTastoraVSympbony the Signor played— music that was never intended for the chill of winter, but for the gleaming ttars, the soft falling dews, and ineffable paleness and tenderness of spring. It came upon Lottie like tho3e Bame dews from heaven. She grasped the old man's aria, but she could not keep herself from the response which no longer Beemed to xjome back from any unseen and mystic shrine. 'Why should the old monks come back to sing, or the angels have the trouble, who have so much else to do* when Lottie was there r When the Pastoral Symphony was over, the Signor went on and ehe with him. Surely there murthavebeensome secret underctan ing that no oue knew of— not themselves. Be played on unconscious, and she lifted up her head to the moonlight and her voice to heaven, and sang— . ?? There -were shepherds watching the'r flocks by night.' Lottie let go her hold of the Captain's arm. She wanted no support now. She wanted nothing but to go on, .to tell all that divine story from end to end. It got possession of her. She did not remember -even the changes of the voices ; the end of one strain aad ? another was nothing to her. She sang through the whole of the songs that follow each other without a pause or a falter. And like her, without questioning, without hesitation, the Signor played on. It was not liH she had proclaimed into the gloom that ' His yoke is easy and His burden light,' that she came to henclf. The last chords thrilled and vibrated through the great arches and died away in lingering echoes in the vest gloom of the roof. And then there was a pause. Lottie came to herself. She was not overwhelmed and exhausted by the effort as Bhe had been in the Deanery. She felt herself come down, as out of heaven, and slowly became aware of Captain Temple looking at her with a disturbed countenance, and old Wykeham in all the agitation of alarm. ?' If I'd have known, I'd never have let you in. It's as much as my place is worth,' the old man was saying ; and Captain Temple, Tery kind and fatherly, but troubled too, and by no means happy, gave her his arm hur riedly. ?« I think we had better go, my dear,' he said ;» I think we had better go.' Some one stopped them at the door. Some one who took her hand in bis with a warmth which enthusiasm permitted. 'I knew it mu«t be you, if it were not one of the angels,' he said ; ' one or the other. I have just come ; and what a welcome I have had— too good for a king ! ' 'I did not know you were here, Mr. Ridsdale,' said Lottie, faintly, holding fast by Captain Temple's arm. ' But I knew you were here ; it was in the air,' he said, half whispering. ' Good-night ; but good night lasts only till to-morrow, thank heaven.' 