GENEBAL NEWS. The telegraph office. lias , been "re-opened to-day at Yankalilla. , No decision Las yet been arrived at with, reference to the tenders for the Port Victor breakwater. An advertisement announces that a case: of saurians and marine reptiles is to, be seen at the Southern Cross-Hotel.. It has been i prettily " arranged by Mr. George Ashley. At noon to-day a boy named Thomas Clickett was crossing King William-street op posite Mr. H. Mnirhead's shop when a spring cart 'belonging to Mr. Bricknell, baker, of Nor wood, and driven by a youth named John White, knocked him down, and one of the wheels ran over his foot. The lad was imme-. diately removed . to the Hospital 'by P.O. i Wallace. The . first loss sustained by the . Plate Glass Insurance Company occurred on Monday, morning, August 12, when a pane in Mr. Kin dermann's shop front was broken. Ten minutes after notice had been" received _by the Secretary of the Company an order was given to replace the glass, and it was expected that it would be executed within two hours. A very well-executed bust of his Excel lency Sir. W. F. D. Jervois has just been modelled in statuette size by Mr. Craig, who also; produced a bust of the late Sir It. D. Hanson. The likeness of the Governor " is ex ceedingly good. We understand that Mr. Craig intends.to prepare a number of busts from the cast he has made. The. following is Monday morning's weather report on~the Adelaide and Port Dar win Telegraph lineBeltana, calm,lew clouds, fine; Strang ways Springs, fresh, cloudy, cool; Peake, light,few clouds, fine; Charlotte Waters, clear, fine; Alice Springs, moderate, clear, fine, pleasant; Barrow Creek,' calm, clear, fine, pleasant; Tennant Creek, light, clear, fine, warm; Powell Creek, light, clear, fine, pleasant; Daly Waters, light, clear, fine; Katherine, light, clear, fine; Yam Creek, light, clear, fine, plea? ant; Southport, calm, clear, fine, warm; Port'Darwin, light, clear, fine, cool. The rainfall from 9 a.m. on Saturday to the same hour on Monday, August 12, is regis tered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0113 Beltana ... 0*030 Blanchetown... 0080 Cape Borda ... 0*335 Cape Jervis ... 0"450 Clare ... ... 0150 Gladstone ... 0050 Goolwa ... 0*330 Gumeracha ... 0*100 Kingscote ... 0*435 Kingston ... 0*550 Kooringa ... 0.135 Laura ... ... 0*180 Mannum ... 0*120 Meningie ... 0*120 Hillicent ... 0*745 Mount Barker,. 0*490 Messrs. R. Inglehy, Q.C., and Richard Vaughan announce themselves as candidates for the Legislative Council. ...... _ The Lusitania is now hourly expected, and preparations have been made to give His Excellency the Governor, who with his family is a passenger, a. cordial welcome oa his return tp our shore's. On the arrival of the steamer the j Governor Musgrave, "with the members of the' Ministry'on board,' will proceed..to the anchorage. and will tahs His Excellency* "and Narracoorte ... 0*280 Mount Gambier 0*500 Mount Pleasant 0*100 Mount Torrens 0 054 Noarlunga' ... 0*180 Normanville ... 0*415 Overland Corner 0*040 Penola... ... 0*400 Port Ellibt ... 0*577' Port Lincoln ... 0*670 Bedhill ... 0*080 Kobe ... ... 0*550 Strathalbyn ... 0*480 Streaky Bay ... 0*090 Tanunda ... 0*060 Willunga ... 0'335 family to the Semaphore or Port Adelaide as Sir Win. Jervois may decide. A special train will convey the vice-regal party to the city. At the Adelaide Railway Station the Governor will be met by His Worship the Mayor and the members of the City Council, who will present an address of welcome. A guard of honor will be drawn up at the station, and will accord His Excellency the customary military courtesy. A detachment of the artillery will fire a vice- regal salute. During the past half-year the Hallett District Council paid for 119,193 rabbit scalps, and the Mount Bryan Council for 100,000. A concert and lecture are to be given at the Woodville lnstitute this evening. ' * Mr. J. L. Parsons is to lecture in con nection with the North Adelaide Young Men's Society this evening. Kainford's Ghost Company will make their first appearance at White's Rooms this evening. _ As Miss Christian, who is Profesor of Singing at the Presbyterian Ladies' College, in Melbourne, will be unable to come to Adelaide with Madame Tasca, that eminent pianiate, by the advice of Mr. R. S. Smythe, has secured the valuable assistance of Madame George Robert sod, who was so favorably received at the last Mayor's concert. In the Melbourne Town Hall, on Saturday night, a grand complimentary con cert was tendered to Madame Tasca, who will leave for Adelaide on Thursday. Mr. Frank Bickers, who has admitted to the Adelaide Hospital on Friday evening, August 9, was not suffering from an injury to his thigh, as stated in Saturday's issue, but from a severe spinal injury. It was caused through his being thrown from a trap at Port Vincent a few days previously. The opening services in connection with the Burnside United Methodist Free Church were commenced on Sunday, August 11, when sermons were preached by the Rev. J. W. Bamber in the afternoon, and by the Rev. B. P. Mudge in the evening, to large congregations. On Wednesday the services are to be continued by a tea and public meeting. A revised tariff for Press telegrams within the colony has been adopted by the Vic torian Telegraph Department. Between half past 7 p.m. and 11 p.m., the Argus says,, the charge will be'2s for 100 words, and 9d. for every additional 50 words. The rate formerly was 2s. 6d. per 100 words, and Is. for every additional 50 words. After 11 p.m. the charge for 100 words is reduced from 5s. to 4s., while every additional 50 words will be 9d, instead of 0|d for each additional word. The remains of the late Dr. Maurau were interred in Christchurch Cemetery, O'Hal loran Hill, on Saturday, 'August 10. The Rev. J. Bach officiated at the grave. Although no notice had been given, as the doctor had ex pressed a wish that his funeral might be a quiet one, a great number of persons assembled topay their last tokens of regard to the deceased, whose invariable kindness and courtesy had won for him much respect and esteem. Amongst others we noticed at the grave Mr. D. Barker (brother-in-law of the deceased), the Rev. E. K. Miller, the Hon. C. Mann, M.P., Messrs. C. H. Myles, J.P., J. Mann, J.P., W. Reynell, T. B. Kelly, J. Harvey, A. Y. Harvey, R. Smith, J.P., W. Thompson, T. S. Porter, J.P., H. Smith, and Jas. Clark, J.P. To-day the long-talked-of hew time table for the trains between Adelaide and the Semaphore comes into force. The first two trains leave Adelaide at 6.50 and 8 o'clock a.m., and the Semaphore at the same hour, after which the trains start from each end every three- quarters of an hour up to 8 o'clock in the evening. The trains will then run hourly up to 10 o'clock, and the last train will start from each end at a quarter-past 11 o'clock. The trains will run tlirough from Adelaide to the Semaphore and vice versa, and will pass each other at Alberton, the Port being used simply as a side station at which the trains will stop two minutes. Hitherto a large number of [persons at the Port have been in the habit of going]to Alberton and Woodville by the midday train for their lunch, but they will not now be able to do so. There are also other inconveniences connected with the alteration which have already been referred to in our columns. We have been favored witb tbe perusal of an interesting letter, dated Chicago, May 24, 1878, received by Mr. C. S. Hare, M.P., from Mr. James T. Turnbull, and avail ourselves of the permission to publish a few brief extracts. " The railroads, bridges, cars, &c.;, would please you; the time is kept to a moment, and that on a journey of 2.199 miles. Salt Lake City is worth a visit." . . . "Saint Louis I like much; also that noble river the Mississippi, on which I spent some time, going upstream 12| miles an hour. Chicago is the most go-ahead city in the East—streets six and seven miles long. I visited the largest pork packing establishments yesterday, where 5,000 hogs are killed daily, nearly 10 a minute—over 10,000 men at full work; saw the whole process, coming away more pleased than ever with the smartness of our American Cousins." ... . "Reclining chair cars are the newest thing out." . . . " Tom Thumb is nowhere along side the Midgets. The proportion is just as shown on the card.". . . . "In one day we passed over 2,000 cars, all loaded. You can not imagine the big traffio going on in this country" The Globe Hotel, Bundle-street, which has been so long held by Mr. Trew, has at length chaDged hands. The new landlord, Mr. William Blackler, contemplates considerable alterations in the'building. The kitchen and pantry ac commodation is to be much increased. The present stables are to he pulled down, and four commodious shops are to be erected in their place, extending down to Messrs. Hodgkiss's warehouse, in . Stephens-place. Over the. shops there are to be eleven bedrooms and a bath room in connection with the hotel, and sundry smaller improvements. The stables will be placed at the rear of the shops. They are to contain twelve stalls, a couple of loose boxes, carriage sheds, and harness-rooms. Above this a large biiliard-room will be built, in which therewill.be four tables, with ample room for more tables if necessary. There will also be a bar, a parlor, and a lavatory in this portion of the building. The entrance to the billiard saloon is to be from Ruudle-street, a passage from which will lead up to .the room. The architect for the alterations is Mr. E. H. Bayer. The want of a place for public worship having been much felt at Rosewater, near Port Adelaide, a number of Primitive.; Methodists took the matter in hand, and their efforts were so successful that it was resolved to build ; a small chapel, the foundation-stone of which was laid ou Saturday, August 10; by Mr.H. C.- E.' Meucke, J.P., in the presence of some-200 persons, including the Revs. S. Raymond; R. Kelley, and M. Lloyd, and Mr. W. W. "SYinwood. The day was fine, and the arrangements-were' carried out very satisfactorily under the superintendence of the Rev.'' S. Raymond." The chapel, which is to be built of stone, will be square inshape,-so as to allow of its being lengthened if necessary. The cost, exclusiveof the ground and furniture, will be -about £435. . The Rev. S. Raymond, in explaining the reasons which had prompted them to build the church, said that Adelaide had been spoken of as a city of chinches; but he thought they could go . further than that, and say South . Australia was a colony of churches. It was thought by some that there were too many, hut he was not of that opinion, though they might perhaps have been better distributed. . As a denomination the Primitive Methodists' had upwards of 1G0 churches in the colony capable of accommodating 15,000 people. - The want of a church had beeu felt in that neighborhood for some time past, and he hoped their efforts to; pro vide that want would be - appreciated! It was intended to establish a Sunday school in connection with the chapel, and he had no doubt that it would prove a success. As regarded their present object the trustees had made, a wise choice in the selection of. Mr. Muecke to lay the foundation-stone, as that gentleman was well-known and highly respected in the neighborhood. Mr. Muecke in laying the stone congratulated the Committee on the successful beginning they had made with the building. A church in that neighborhood was very much needed. He quite agreed with Mr. Raymond in his remarks on the Sunday-school, as he considered it was most important that the young should have a moral and religious. training. In alluding to the pre sent system of teaching he said he was very sorry that the Bible was excluded from public schools as though it was a heathen book not fit to be used. He had been watching with great pleasure for many years past the drawing closer and uniting of the different sects, and he trusted that in course of time their differences would be got over and the number lessened; As regarded the building they were just commencing, he felt sure every effort would be made to complete the work, and he hoped their endeavors would he crowned with success. The " other gentlemen on the platform also spoke, after which the Rev. S. Raymond made an appeal for funds, which was pretty well responded to. At the. close; of the,i ceremony the company adjourned to a tea laid Out ia a tent which was erected close by. Lieutenant-Colonel Seratchley, B.E., has returned to Melbourne after a viBit of inspec tion to the defence works now being carried out at Brisbane. While there Colonel Seratchley inspected the newly-formed volunteer corps, and the result of his inspection wa& embodied in a re port, in which he says, "A fielu'force should possess three qualifications, which are abso lutely essential for its efficiency—accurate shooting with gun and rifle, good and steady marching, rapid movements in extended order, The field artillery should be put through a regular course of shot and shelL practice, and a small number of field movements; ' and arrangements should be made for the regu lar horsing of the guns: The infantry should be subjected to a regular course of musketry instruction in their drill-sheds as well as on the rifle ranges. ' It is desirable to exercise the gar rison artillery at field-gun drill without field movements as well as at heavy gun-driil. They should also be put through a course of shot and shell practice, together with musketry instruc tion, in order that they may be able to defend a battery against assault in case of need. As to foot-drill, it is only necessary that the garrison artillery should be taught such movements as aire needed for inspections and general parades,". On Saturday morning, August 10, the members of Mr. A. Clark's teachers' singing class met at the City Model Schools for the-pur pose of presenting him with an address and gift. The address was as follows:—"To Alexander Clark, Esq., Head Master City Model Schools.— The members of your teachers-' singing class feel that they cannot allow the kindness and per severance you have shown in the furtherance of the tonic-sol-fa method of singing in the public schools of this colony to he passed over without some slight expression of gratitude for the same. They are convinced that the instruction you have imparted with such zeal and aptitude ha3 ^ been of immense advantage to the teachers of South Australia, and will be attended with bene ficial results in the schools through the enliven ing effect cast upon the daily duties. While sin cerely regretting" the discontinuance of the class they wish you every success in your future en deavors to promote the tonic-sol-fa method, and respectfully beg your, acceptance of the accom panying gift.—Signed on behalf of the members, Victor J. Pavia, Richard T. Burnard, Annie Burgess, Mary Christie." The gift consisted of a handsome silver butter-dish, cake basket, and claret jug. Mr. Harry, in making the presenta tion, spoke of the high esteem in which Mr. Clark was held by the teachers, and made a few ap propriate remarks. Mr. Clark, in acknow ledgment, expressed his deep gratitude for the handsome presents, and said that as long as he lived he would remain the true friend of every young teacher. Short addresses were given by Messrs1 Webb, Neale, and King, and the meeting concluded by singing "Auld Lang Syne." "With reference to the Melbourne female kidnapper, the Age of August 8 writes" The sensation consequent upon the abduction and recovery of Mrs. Potts's child appears likely to be increased by revelations, concerning the life of the woman Mary Agnes Fitzgibbon, who has admitted she stole the infant. It has already been stated that this woman had led a disso lute life, but it has now been ascertained that in addition to the cruel theft of the child she has committed bigamy. When first met by Fitzgibbon, nearly two years since, the accused represented that she was a single woman, and as such she married him, but it has now been discovered that she married a man named Lawrence O'Daly in the latter end of 1875, or the beginning of 1876. O'Daly is still alive, and is in Melbourne, and a further sensational feature has been added to the case, as it is now suspected that Mr. Potts's child was not the first which this depraved woman stole. It has been ascertained that in 1873 she was employed in the Castlemaine Hotel. Little Bourke-street. After this she met O'Daly, who is a laborer, and after cohabiting with him for some time she was married to him by the Registrar. In order to induce O'Daly to marry her she represented that she was enceinte, but after marriage she did not stay long with him. O'Daly states that after she left him he thinks she lived in improper bouses, but in a short time she returned with a child in her arms, told O'Daly that she had been confined, and that: he was the father, very much in the same way as she, at a later period in her life, told Fitzgibbon that he was the father of Potts's child. O'Daly, however, doubted the truth of lier representations, but after the pair had lived together for some months another separation occurred. It was soon after that she fell in with Fitzgibbon, but nothing is at present known about the child of which O'Daly was the puta tive father. A portrait of that child, however, is in the hands of the detectives, who are en deavoring to trace it if possible." The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J.P.) held an inquest at the Hospital on Satur day evening, August 10, on the body of Henry Osman, who was admitted into that institution on Friday suffering from the effects of an acci dent. Mr. Oliver Rankine was chosen Foreman of the Jury. The evidence showed that ,the deceased, who was manager for Mr. E. M. Bagofc at his-stables, Lockleys, drove away from the Foundry Hotel, in Hindley-street, on Friday evening, at 5 o'clock. He had been drinking, and was a little "jolly." He was seen half an hour later at the Hilton Hotel by Gabriel Baird, the District Constable, and was then capable of managing his horse and vehicle. He was found by a laborer named James Coony lying on the Plympton-road near Mr. Formby's gate. He was insensible and bleeding from a wound on the back of the head. Coony saw Mr. Bartlettand others, and told them of the accident, and the deceased was removed to the Hospital. It was further stated that the horse deceased was driving was very " ticklish" when in harness. The opinion was expressed that the deceased turned round the Plympton road too sharply, and that the seat of the trap tipped and threw deceased out. Dr._A. G. "Ward, Junior House Surgeon at the Adelaide Hospital, said the deceased was admitted to the Hospital before 9 o'clock on Friday evening. He was insensible, and could not be roused. He died at a quarter-past 6 o'clock on Saturday morning. Had made a post-mortem examination, and found a compound fracture of the right temporal and parietal bones, also a lacerated wound about 2§ inches in length over the lower jaw extending to the bone. There was con tusion of the left knee, and a large extravasation of blcod on to the "surface, and .into the ventricles of the brain. All the other organs were tolerably healthy. The cause of death was fracture of the skull and the extra vasation of blood on to and into the brain. These injuries would probably be the result of a fall from a buggy in motion. The police trooper who had charge 'of the witnesses, in answer to the Coroner, said Mr. Chinnick, the landlord of the Hilton Hotel, would have been present at the enquiry, but he was absent from home; He had,however, ascertained that the deceased had only been supplied with one of ale.i The Jury without retiring returned the following verdict:—"That deceased was acciden tally thrown out of his trap on the night of \- Friday, the 9th August, on the Plympton-road, near Formby's gate, fracturing his skull and causing his death." The fourteenth of the Mayor's popular concerts was given in the Town Hall on Satur day evening, August 10. There - was a very . large attendance, every seat in the hall and gallery being occupied. The bulk , of I the programme was - .'undertaken by Signor ■ Giorza, •- who was assisted by; Madame and Mr. Geo. Robertson, Mr. C. E. Mumme, and Mr. F. A. Reed, R.A.M. Signor Giorza is a host in himself, and his skilful manipulation of the fine organ our city hall possesses was a -rich treat. The great variety of sounds which may be produced from the king of instruments, ranging from the lowest and sweetest bird-like trills to the swelling volume of the full organ, were admir ably shown. It is unnecessary to com ment at length on the programme submitted. The vocalists were in. fine voice, and we think we have never heard Mr. Mumme to better advantage. Mr. Reed's instrumental perfor-" mances were exceedingly pleasing, and the organ selections were really grand. That the audience thoroughly enjoyed the concert there can he no doubt. The perfect and absolute stillness which prevailed during the render ing of each selection (with one excep tion) conclusively proved that good music will charm the most miscellaneous audience. The exception we refer to was the interruption during the performance of the last line on the programme—an organ selection by Signor Giorza, in which is intro duced that tender and beautiful composition "The Prayer of Moses in Egypt," and wa3 caused by"a large number of persons rising to leave. It was a. thoughtless but blamable interruption, and we hope that it will not occur at any future concert. Altogether last Satur day evening's entertainment was one of the most successful of the series, and if the Mayor can ensure the continuance of such musical treats we may safely predict that they will be liberally patronised by the public. AspiriHg artist to picture-dealer, exhibiting what, he considers one of his little master pieces—"What do you offer me for that, my. derir friend ?"! Dealer (resolutely) — " I will. fcie yon three franc." "Three francs! I gave you double that for.the canvas." "Ah, but [. pardon.. O&sa; it had nothing on it," 