.BLIGHTED PEOSPECTS. ; THE promise of an abundant harvest;.in California the present season has, in a great measure, been unfulfilled. Huch of the late sown grain tarns ont to bo a partial, and in many instances, an entire failure. The straw greir rank, enough, and it "was thought the crop would be a good one; but the grain failed to fill, and 'whole fields may be seen with the stalks standing as straight as arrows, with none of that drooping appearance of vr ell-filled -wheat heads. All of the early sown grain in this section is turning ont well, and the crop -will be nearly up to an average. It is difficult always to determine exactly -when is the best time for seeding. The rich bottom lands in this valley are usually so foul with mustard that fanners are disposed to delay their seeding until late in the season, in order to give the grain the ad vantage over the mustard. But wc are of the opinion that early seeding, with the chance for a crop of mustard occasionally, would pay better one year with another. It is certainly, always "best on land free from mustard. ."We" crowd, onr lands too much in this country. Wheat after wheat, for a Beries of years, without giving the soil a chance to rest, will soon wear out the best of land. It is a good thing for us that a dry season comes along occasionally to remind our farmers of their duty in this respect. It would be better to summer-Callow for wheat, which would soon destroy all foul stuff in the soil, and then seed the land dry, or as soon as pos sible after the first rains. Thus would thp grain have the benefit of all the winter rain, and a failure would be unknown. Already what were once regarded as soma of the best grain lands in this country are proving most hazardous ventures for the renter. They have been cropped, year after year, until the grain prodncing properties of the soil are exhausted, aud no amount of rain or tillage can cause them to produce more than the ghost of a crop. TheBe lands need rest and re-fertilizing. They should be used for sheep or hog rauges for a few years, and then summer-fallowed, or rather winter-fallowed, irhich 24 the proper term in this country, and then seeded to wheat with the first fall rain. The result would astonish their managers. It requires as mucli^ intellectual capacity and good solid sense to till land pro perly and successfully as it does to run a news paper, and yet there is no business in "which, men usually mis so small an amount of brains. The country needs more pood farmers aud fewer land-tinkers. -San Jose Mercury. 