Mackrajer Papers. Miss MACKRAJER MEETS HER MASTER. What evil genius in an evil hour invented the barometer ? X know the name of the unfortunate who first from the innocent doings of a tea-kettle lid drew inferences dangerous to human life and limb, and if his ghost could but be condemned to travel for a few days on the Tasmanian Main Line Railway, his repentance would be as bitter as the most vindictive victim of steam could desire. 1 know from what nutshell sprang the Physical Science and their attendant train, and I've heard— with unbelieving ears, 'tis true—who first was graciously pleased to commend the wisdom of Providence in that acorns grew high in air while the lordly pumpkin was left to clamber along the dirt} - ground as best he might. I have heard that story often, and I can consciensiously say, never once without a strong wish to hurl at the narrator's head the biggest pumpkin ever grown! Of course, if I believed the story I should wish that the casualty involved in a reversal of the order of Nature had happened just that once and for all. But what vengeance would be commensurate with the iniquitous cruelty of the inventor of the barometer ?—that instrument of torture to heart, nerve, and brain ; wisely is its origin veiled in obscurity. For the credit of our common human nature, I hope no mortal is responsible for the monster's existence—-that in fact, like Topsy, it " growed." Its modes of torture areworthy of even Quilp himself; in fact, after close observance of the creature's habits, I have satisfied myself that they are in some degree related, and I frequently address my persecutor as " Quilp the Second." For months together the variability of the creature's temper is so great that he cannot be relied upon to be of the same humour for ten minutes at a time, but rings the changes on his detestable phrases with a paralysing rapidity, flying from "fair", to "wet" and back again to change" before one has time to put one's bonnet on. But he is worst, if there is any worst about so bad a wretch, in his fits of immovable obstinacy ; then truly is my condition pliable, and his mastership complete. Such a fit is on him now, and for weary weeks he has sworn by " fine weather." It is long since I gave up all attempt at reasoning with him, and I dare not even " tap" him now, but sometimes resolved not to be always brow-beaten by the monster, I pluck up a semblance of courage and " Quilp, dear Quilp, is there any change on your sweet face to-day ?" will be my morning greeting. Alas ! cajolery is thrown away, Quilp is deaf to the voice of the charmer, his round-eyed insolence mocks me, and his spiteful hand points with impish malignity to "fair." Again, taking heart of grace at sight of soft grey morning clouds, I cry, " Good Quilp, tender-hearted Quilp, surely to-day you will grant a little respite to scorched and panting humanity. See the white mist creeping up the valley, and feel this cool whiff from the South." In vain, not a raindrop will the monster grant, and when I turn dejectedly away I know beyond a doubt that with odious familiarity the wretch is grinning behind my back! Over my inmost soul he terrorises, and where shall I look for moral support ? The heart of mother earth is faint within her, and her children lay them and die ; overhead the sky is hot and coppery. Sol himself is helpless ; compelled to bowl slowly over his daily course, in aspect like a huge brass warming pan, and miserably conscious of his shorn condition, he is, equally with myself, the slave of the GnomenJ And he longs, with the sickness of hope deferred, to wash his face in one good thunderstorm 1 Through air that is heavy with unshed tears he gazes down and joins me in pitiful appeal to our mutual t} r rant. But the ogre points still with demoniac grin to "fair," and such is the insolence of power, stares with unblinking eye in the very face of the sun ! Night falls, and a loathesome moon staggers shamefacedly upwards, all her silvery beauty gone, scoffers jibe and jeer, while lovers turn aside to weep! Now is Quilp's joy at its heighth ; it is no'small matter to have made Tasmania's pure da3-light a thing of ugliness and horror, but to have made her sweet "night hideous" is victory indeed! The triumph of wickedness is perfect. Sun, moon, and earth, aud Barbarra Mackrajer sink exhausted in the struggle. ' 