A PROMISING PRINCELING, The King of Holland has long had the reputation of being sadly too much given to the tender passion, and indeed to occupy himself with that exciting amusement so much mere than with the more serious but far less interest ing affairs of State, that those of his subjects whose morals are of & better regulated quality, or whose opportunities for mischief are not so plentiful, are discussing the question of' how decently to get rid of this elderly Adonis. Abdication fthe oolite term for deposition) is a word therefore often on their lips. But -whom to have in his place? That is just the puzzle. Like father, like son; and the Prince of Orange, or ' Citron,' as he ib familiarly nicknamed by the Parisians, among whom he now is, happens to be a thorough chip of the old block. If Citron, therefore, were to be chosen to reign in place of his dear papa, the result would assuredly be an illustration of the bomely proverb about getting out of the frying-pen into the fire. There is, however, another son endowed with better qualities, but unfortunately in poor health ; and also a younger brother of the King1, 'Who' issaid to entertain more sober notions on the subject of running after other men's wives, and is therefore, as a ma'.ter of course, much scandalized at the immoral goings-on of his near and dear relatives. But it is so easy , to be virtuous when virtue seems to open up a prospect of winning the crown. Citron, as though blindly bent ' upon ruining his own chances of -wearing that covering for an uneasy head, has recently been getting into a tremendous scrape, which really reads like a romantic chapter out of a Frenoh novel, Spanish comedy, or Italian opera. He sent a note to a lady of his acquaintance, one moving in the highest circles, asking her to dine with him at a certain cafe restaurant in Paris. By way of a joke he signed the invi tation 'Orangeade.' The lady, perhaps in the flutter of excitement, was careless enough to leave the letter on her drpssing-table, where the very last person in the world who ought to have found it of course lighted upon it — her hus band. But ho judiciously breathed not a word of his dis covery to his too fascinating spouse. At the hour of assignation he feigned to have an agreement to dine at his club, but really went in search o! the police. Accompanied by two of the force, he betook himself to the restaurant and peremptorily demanded to be thown into the private room where his wife and the Prince Royal were dining. Mine host was taken aback, he had not had the ghost of a suspicion as to the exalted rank of his guests ; but his better half, with a woman's wit. de tecting the situation at once, came forward, nnd with the most innocent of countenances mentioned the name of a distinguished general, and declared that he and a party of officers were dining in that particular rooui and must on no account be disturbed. The policemen, having no war rant, had to withdraw ; but it was decided by the three con spirators that they should watch outside, which for three hours of intensely cold weather they actually did. At the end of that - time, nothing suspicious having occurred, and their patience being exhausted, a return inside the restaurant was effected, and the party were allowed to enter the room to which they had before desired to pene trate. The remains of dinner for two were found. ( tiro only ! Oh, Mrs. Boniface, what a large-sized fib you had tola !) ; but the diners themselves had disappeared. What had become of them P A barber had, during those three hours of breathing time, trimmed the Prince's beard, and produced a short, curly wig for the lady ; and, napkin inhand, and attired in a waiter's jacket and apron, Citron had actually served hot punch, &c.;, to the freezing husband and detectives seated outside the restaurant. Meanwhile, the lady, dressed as a pastry-cook's boy, with basket on head, had quietly passed out under the very noses of the spies. The story would uever have been so speedily let out but for the fact that Citron grumbled at the long bill mine host presented, and also neglected to tip the subordinates who had so adroitly helped him out of the scrape. This want of tact on his part naturally loosened the late allies' tongues, and directly the false waiter had slipped out of sight the real waiters opened their mouths with good effect and enlightened the indignant husband as to the true history of the escapade.— ' Eve's Granddaughter,' in S. F. Chronicle. 