Gouiburn. ( nolf OUB ODBKEfiPOHnSKT.) July 1. REMMINGTON'S SENTENCE— Much sympathy was expressed in Goulburn when it was announced that Arthur Frederick Remmingon was sentenced to three years' hard labour in Goulburn Gaol.. A short time ago he delivered a lecture here on 'Bells,' and considerable power of excelling as a lecturer under proper tuition. On that occasion, however his eccentric bearing provoked much amusement and it was plain that he was not altogether compos mentis.I hnave no hesitation in saying, from personal aoquaintance, that his temperament would tend to palliate in him what to others would be a heinous and dastardly onslaughter. TBES-PUHrais.— Mr. Uoore, *f tue Sydney Botanlosl Gardens, seems to take ? (enenl interest In our reiervet. His overseer fs exported shortly in Gouiburn, as several nUwsy-ctstton grounds along Uiq Boutliem line (Gculbum intJudtd) us to be planted with trees. Any nirphutlme at his disposal will be deroted to the Hunltipal Council, who bare pegi ready to set out in Belmon-squara under his luperviilon. It U intended to ploucha portion of the squve. I should liketosee lpeowsi * itli Tfioglitb anuei snd chlddy studded *tb ?ultabl« trees. adopted tor shade. After a time, wnen these had acrlnd at maturity, tti» f enoe might be removed, and a series of light chains substituted, sprinting from lotritone pedestals. WEiOBBaiDOK.— I'Mt bone of owtantiMi promises toorop up again, after its ghost had seemed 'to be permanently laid. Mr. Jotm Jeeeop, auctioneer, has written to the Council, demurring to their erection of a public weighbridge, en ths ground thit thli would InterTtm vita, his private enterprise. He urges them to reconsider the matter, or he may have to seek redrew in some eonrt of law or eoutkr. Ibe titeolweeubv tbe council Is In OUaton-ctnet, at tie southern end of the town, end it seems strange that a o&ntral; position was noteeleoted. Vive ee BillahdI— On Srlday, Kr. Qsnnon made an ap plication for a billiard license en behalf of Samuel Pearson, of the Belmora Arms Hotel, Auburn-street. By direction of Captain Zouch. the ?enlor-cergeant stated that ne would op pose tht application, as tbe publle had eomplained of gambling and other mimnduct Ultlng place. Borne time back mlaomduot In the yard bid men reported, and tba police bad not been apprised of d Ircum«touce which had token place In the SMn. The Folioe afajrlstrate postponed the conrio'eraHun of the matter until Monday morning eo that additional magistrates might be present. Accordingly (his morning the application iaireneivrf before the Police Magistrate and Meura.V.R. L. Bossi. f. Horn, and P. H. Gentle. Tbe abjections wen renewed on the put of the noliee, and, after some minutes' consultation, tile Police stagistnte announced that the Bench vtn equally divided in opinion. She application would, therefore, have lapsed, but tiat at this critical junc ture Dr. Darlason entered tbe oourt-Bouse sad took a seat on the Bcncb. Mr. Gannon and Eenlor-tergeant Fenton recapi tulated some of their arguments. Anoiber cogitation ensued, and the application tos granted by a majority. Alleged «'onOEM\— Samuel Wilson en remand, charged nil h forging the name of Bobert Hunter, farmar, of Arthur Glriirlj. to two Dromiaorr notes for £138 la fts. anfl £.10 n. snectlvely.liM been oommltted for Mai at tka Qanlburn Circuit Court, to be belli on t lie 7tli of October ; ball auewed, fielfln£60andan approved sorety In £60, er two sureties In £30. Mr. Belts wu tagaged in this nil for the dafence, and tbe police called him Mawitnsoj. Bali:. — Messrs. Uiley Brothers, of Sydney and Goulbura, have announced a great sale hers under the new mananmenl ofMr.andMrs.Jodd. Abciiitectujul.— It Is said tiot new trials bare bam applied for in the eases of lell r. Flndlay and Finally v. Spomuta Uxu.—ib.F. B.L.BomI'i celt, lord Burfhley, Itas been nominated for tbe Melbourne Cup and Sydney Metropolitan, 1 hope Mi jockey *iU be up to Uw mttkon cheseocos along. 6KO.UESTE4T10H.— A rule nisi baa been obtained by tho Oriental Bank for sequestration of the estate of Suoan White, of Goulbum. It is made returnable ou the 2»th Instant. Tnu IIfjidie fob GoumuHir.— I believe a sub-leader of yesterday'! Eraimf JWkii will command the approval or the tioulburn oonatltueney aa a body. Kr. Tatee baa been leniently dealt with from the Brat, and every hint was thrown out to him m to the propriety of his nalcning. Be has ob durately, and, lndaed, seemingly, with eonaldnable felf assuntnee. refuted to do so. and some pressure should now tie brought to bear to compel his resignation by all legitimate means. Hts beatfKendsmuitiieeoV see this. Excvbsiok TfiA».— Tha tnyal Victoria liodge of Odd fellows (Uanchester tTntu) having chartered a train to run at reduced fores from Gouiburn to 6ydnayonUle 11th ln rtant.arusb of visitors nay be expected in tDe metropolis. BpcdallndummentianlieklonttoUisUttlefolk. 