THE AMALGAMATION OF THE LEGAL PROFESSION. TO Til U hOITOit Jt TzjS Auks tSlR,— In tbe matter of tho bill for tbo amftlga tiou of tbo legal profession, nod yoar ler.der thereon, will yon allow too to state some results of experience iu one of tbe colonics where that plan exists. Eight /ears ago, while reading for the bar in this citj, I was a warm advocate on a priori grounds of the views supported by your article. Seven yenrs iu pinuiicai ncijuuiuiaiice wuu system in that colour bavo completely alterod my views of this matter. It- appears to be assumed tbnt two classes of persons—viz., the public on one band, and on the other the junior barristers, as a clasf, wiirprofit by tho proposed change. 1 can say emphatically that my experience and observation prove that on both points a delosion prevails. As to tbe direct advantages to the pub lie, it is not true that there will be loss litigation. My experience is that under the amalgamation plan litigation isiucrensed rather than dimin ished, It is not true that the public will gam iu respect of bills of costs, I could show some interesting documents of that sort, which would mako Mr. Duffy and his sample bill of £150 look palo and small. It is not truo that tho young barristers, as a clus8, would gain. What would happen is this : they would disappear entirely as a class, that is to say, if the proposed change be made there will bo no body of cultured aud highly trained young men from which to recruit the ranks of the pro' fession from titno to time. No doubt in tbe transition from ooe state to another atnto of the professiou that would ensuoiroin tbo bill some of the existing juniors would bo able to raakeamnge- ments for partnership with solicitors' firms, and on this they are calculating; But wHat then ? After that settlement there would follow a close monopoly. If any man or men were foolish enough to spend several years of life and several thousands of pounds in qualifying himself for tbo professiou as now for the bar, where would he be ? I will tell you. Ont in tho cold. If, in deed, he were a rich mau's son, who could slap down sorno two or three thouBauds more to get him into an established firm, the case would bo different; but is this satisfactory for the public or the bar? Now, this I have seen proved in actual facts ; and I may just add that 1 know of more than ono risiug gentleman at this bar wbo will bo ornaments to the profession, and who, uuder the system of tho colouy I refer to, would not havo had a ghost of a chance to wake thorn- selves known to the public ; tbe established olfices would have takeu good care . of that until the- money wore first forthcoming. I can further say unhesitatingly that in' ono colony at least, where the amalgamation exists, it is not true that the tone and character of either the body of the legal profession or of the bench is ns high as that of Victoria. There remains a poiot not noticed by any oue, but in my mind the most serious of all, .viz., the amalgamation plan Bets free the judges from the valuablepractical check of profesiional observation and criticism. The bar which now stands daily in front of the jndgo iu court, watching his every word and actioo, would disappear, and you can imagine what Lemptutions to perhaps unconscious divcrg- cnco from strict right would be pat in the way of the judge. This is no mere fancy ; I have watched its operation. I must hero, for brevity, put my objections in a genera! shape. They are : 1st. The general tone of the legal profession will bo inevitably degraded, 2nd. There would bo practical mouopoly of tho law by men of wealth and influence. 3rd. The men who now watch and criticise a case in action in court would find it more profitable to bo making money in their own offices. They would not, aud do not as a fact, attend in court unless when professionally engaged. The result would be tho making of tho judges practically absolute — iours, kc., 22nd August. S.Q.J. 