' One, two, and sometime., three stei mers v day loaded with coals fit our jetty is astute of things not to lie thought light of ci found ?everywhere. And yet there is nic e coal wanted than we can supply, however f; st our steamers may run and return again. Lice the Grave and .Russia, the coal market '.utterly lie rot- seems to say ' enough,' at least so far as the demand for Bulli Black Diamonds are concerned.' Such were the cheering rt marks of our Bulli con-respondent in our last issue ccinccrniug the coal trade of that part i f our district. Let us compare with remarks made by the Newcastle correspondent i f the Sydney Morning Herald with respect to the coal trade of the North. That gentleman says: — 'There are signs of a crisis ii: the coal trade at Newcastle. Reports of under selling — selling coal at a price below the standard rates of 14s. — have . been- circulated for some time past amongst the miners, and tho men through their representatives ha v. ex pressed a determination to put an end to ..underselling at whatever colliery or collie. -ies ' . it may be practised. The question of the standard selling rate has never been, it appears, properly put before the district for consideration ; but it formed a subject for. lis cussion at the meeting of miners' delegates, at Warn tali, the other day, and a resolution ..'as passed, as telegraphed to the Heuald: ' In some parts of the district there is a v.-ry strong feeling about the matter. The miners as a body feel that a practice of underselling on the part of some colliery proprietors will probably load to undersellingon the' .part of all; and as a general reduction in the price of cpal would inevitably be a general reduction in tlie rate of wages, they are resolved upon keeping the selling price at the fixed rate. The pro sent rate of ] 4s. has' been in force .-since about the latter end of 187)!. In 18G9 coal war, selling at from 7s. to 8s., in 1871 at Sis., in 1872 at 8s. for the first half of the year, and at lis. for the second half, and in 1873 at 12s. to 1-ls. This increase of prLe does not appear to have led to a decrease in the output of coal as far as the returns of coal /shipped indicate: but should tlie southern .-'collieries continue to advance at their present rate of progress the coal trade of Newcastle must be affected to a considerable degree. If it were . found impossible to compete advantageously with the collieries south of Sydney without ... reducing the selling price of coal at Newcastle the miners would consent to a reduction ; but they consider that for the present,; at any rate, there is nothing to show; why the Newcastle coal mines cannot sell every ' ton of their output of large coal at lis.'1 j It thus appears that our friends at Newcastle! are watching the development of our coal trade j with considerable alarm, and that they are hold- j ing themselves in readiness, as they suppose, to J make no little sacrifice in order to compete j ?with us. It is perfectly pitiful to notice from! time to time the narrow-minded views taken of; tho coal trade by the people of the North, j They do not appear to have a soul that. can rise above the petty idea of seeking to retard the development of the Illawarra trade, even by foul means. They make no efforts to enlarge the coal trade of the colon}', in the way of permanently securing tho custom of the great markets that are open to them, and that legiti. liiiitely belong to this country, so far as tlio qoal trade is concerned, We allude more espe cially to the markets of California, China, Japan, and other countries, which in the natural order of tilings should obtain nine teuths of their coal from New South Wales. Instead of securing that trade, as our Newcastle friends should do, by means of large steam ' colliers and other suitable vessels, they fold j their arms and fix their pyes with jealous glare upon Illawarra, studying all the while how the construction of a railway thereto may be pre verttod, and its coal trade kept only in embryo. The Newcastle people first gained for them selves the unenviable notoriety of being the only community in tho colony that clamoured against the construction of a railway to another part, and now they raise a wail about the in crease of the Illawarra coal trade under pre. sent adverse circumstances, and express their willingness to lower the price of coal to compete with a district which they have, sought, and are still seeking in vain, to injure by kec|-- ing frojn it the facilities for traffic which tho value and importance of its natural' resources are entitled to from the Govcrnmentand Parlia ment -of tho Country. And yet, ivhilo we are told that they are prepared to lower the price of their coal to compete with Illawarra, if necessary, it is stated in the same sentence that tho rise of the price of Newcastle coal to 14s. per ton has caused no decrease in tho output of that article, and that there is nothing to shew why the Newcastle coal mines cannot sell every ton of their output of large coal at the price stated. Truly, the Kiania Ghost was a myth compared with the Illawarra Ghost, which ?haunts and -terrifies the Newcastle monopolists. I 