OUR HOME LETTER. FFrom nnr Snpcial CorresDOndent.1 London, March 15. .luicf posting your ucspaiicuca u& rcww»j o.cs I walked along the Strand towards Westminster. It was the time for the appearance of the even inc scecials. and at everv Quarter of a mile lime groups, almost moos, 01 people were col lecting round some invisible attraction. In the muddy street just outside the kerbing were spread out three newspaper posters — the Pall Mall Gazette, Globe, and Evening Standard. They were held down by stones at the corners, and the newsboy stood at one side with a great bundle of papers under his arm. Most of them had a reserve on a wooden s'ool close by, and every hour or hour and a half since midday a messenger had been replenishing his stock. The sale was not furious, but it was steady, people returning from their day's work glancing at the prostrate placards, asking for their papers,' and passing on. There was no indication of excite ment. It looked rather as if the inevitable had been accepted and that we were in for it. The placards themselves looked like that. Their catch - line was invariably — u Entry of the Russians into Constantinople.' This was fol lowed by subsidiary intimations — 'The Czar's Proclamation to his Troops,' 'Orders of the Grand Duke Nicholas.' 'Telegram of Prince Gortsehakoff,' ' Russian advance on GallipolL' As usual the news did not quite bear out the headings, but it was of the most critical character throughout. From Constantinople, St. Petersburg, Berlin, aud Vienna the tele grams betrayed a consciousness of being on the verge of a catastrophe. Mr. Layard had in formed Lord Derby of a message which the Sultan had received from the Czar notifying that his troops would occupy the neighbourhood of Constantinople in a friendly spirit and with the same object, namely, the protection of his subjects, as that for which the British fleet had been sent. After a review of some squadrons of Cossacks near St. Petersburg His Majesty had addressed the officers, telling them that he was filled with the best hopes of peace, but if unexpected circumstances should arise he hoped they would do their duty. The arrival of the British squadron at Prince's Island, within ten miles of Constantinople, might be taken as an ' unexpected circum stance.' It had happened only a few hours before His Majesty addressed the Cossack officer?, and the excitement it caused iu St. Petersburg was described as intense. From Russia it was announced that the Austrian Finance Minister was about to start for London on a special mission from Berlin; that the Emperor William was sending General Man teuffel in hot haste to St. Petersburg. It was feared that any hour a step might be taken on the Russian side which would be irretrievable. If the Grand Duke entered or even approached Constantinople with part of his army the Sultan might fulfil his threat to take refuge in Broussa, and what wa8 Lord Beaconsfield to do then ? As it stood he has done too much for the peace party and too little for the war party. The latter were disgusted that Gallipoli had not been occupied by marines at the same time that the Dardanelles were forced. ' You have thrown down the challenge to Russia,' they said, ' and then instead of seizing the proper ground to meet her upon you have put four of your finest ironclads in her grasp. She may now be in Gallipoli in six hours, and have the Straits lined with torpedoes in a couple of days. Should that or anything like it happen, what will four ironclads be good for against an army of 50,000 men in Constantinople P The spirited policy had landed itself cul-de-sac. A MADAME ANUOT COORESPONDKSCE. On returning from Westminster to Fieet strcet late the same uight I found a set of newly-issued detpatches which materially changed the situation. They em--otlied the results of a correspondence which had been going on between Lord Derby and Prince Gortschakoff during the preceding three d:iys, and which brought them so very near to pulliug each others noses that the last word seemed to have been spoken. It was no'.v Con stantinople or nothing for Gortsehakoff. You will have published thtf Prince's circular telegram of the 16th February, in which he gave notice to the Powers that the dispatch of a portion of the British fleet to Constantinople imposedon His Majesty's Government the neces sity of considering the advisability of measures to avert consequent prejudice to Russian interests. When it became known that the squadron had been ordered to proceed in spite of Turkish oppositiou, Prince Gortschakoff im mediately notified bis counter- move. Again adopting the form of a circular telegram he said : — ' The British Government having an Bounced that they were about to send a detachment of their fleet to Constantinople for the protection of the life and property of their subjects whose safety mieht be endangered, according to the reports which reached them, the Russian Government with precisely the same object have in view the temporary entry into Constantinople of a part of their troops, with this distinction — that they will extend their protection, should the occasion arise, to all the Christian population. The two Gorern oients would accordingly fulfil a common duty of humanity. This undertaking, pacific in its cature, could not therefore taka any character of mutual hostility.' The intended svtire of this intimation was utterly lost on Lord , Derby, who in his most matterof fact vein penned a grave reply, insisting that there was no analogy between the two cases. Her Majesty's Government, though satisfied with the declaration that Ru«sia did not regard the dispatch of a detachment of the British fleet to Constantinople as hostile in character, could not acknowledge that it justified the entry of Knssian tioops into the city. There was no analogy between the two sets of circumstances — ' In the one case the ships of war of a. friendly Power are sent into the proximity of the city in order that they may afford the protection which British subjects are entitled to require of their Government in case of need ; in the other, the troops of a hostile army are to be marched into the town in violation of the existing armistice, and at tbe risk of provokiug disorders aud causing the very danger to the Christiin popu lation which the Russian Government depre cate.' I.OBD DEIIBY DRAWING THE USE. Her Majesty's Government, His Lordship con cluded, could not admit that there was any military or other necessity for the entry of Rus sian troops, while the consequences of it mi^ht be disastrous to the whole population of the city. It was left, of course, to be inferred where the disaster might come from, whether from British shells or from the objections of the inhabitants themselves to have the Russians for their guests. In his verbal communications to Count Sehonvaloff Lord Derby no doubt cleared up the ambiguities of the written correspondence. On one point he made his meaning very explicit — that any further advance of tbe Russians towards Gallipoli would be considered a direct menace of England. Writing to our Ambassador at St. Petersburg on February 13— thesime'date, it will be remarked, of the above despatch j and sent by the same messenger — Lord Derby de scribes what had passed at the explanatory interviews with Count 'Schouvaloff : — 'In th« course of conversation with the Russian Ambassador this afternoon on the present situa tion of affairs I took occasion to express an eartest hope on the part of the Government that the Russian Government will not make any movement of troops towards Gallipoli, or of such a nature as to threaten the communications of the English fleet. Any such movement, I said, would be regarded in England as compro mising the safety of the fleet, and in the actual state of public feeling I could not answer for the cocseqnences, which might be most serious.' The inference drawn from this correspondence rod tbe Ministerial statement based upon it « as thai tbe line had been drawn at Gallipoli i'reedom of action had been reserved as to Con stantinople, the form of protest adopted leavine it at the discretion of the Government what LLey should do in the event of an entry. Cir cumstances might arise giving the Russians a reasonable pretext to enter ; the Plenipoten foiies tnigbt be intractable or the Turks might rise- -both conting£tlde« to be decided on their fcra merits. But no conceivable contingency woa]d entitle the Russians td Hftyrdacb; nearer GaBrpoli, and if they did it could «fly be with one object, which would have to be viewed by England as a casus belli. They accepted tw hint, and the troops which had already passeu the line of demarcation were withdrawn, while strict orders were issued that it should not be crossed again. In the sequel aa undertaking was given by Prince Gortsehakoff to respect Gallipoli, and that solved the crisis. TYING EACH OTHBfi'S HA5D9. It looked as if Prince Gortschakoff had been cornered and would have to pocket hi3 dignity. Warned not to enter Constantinople and dared to advance another step towards Gallipoli, his position was not enviable, but he improved it by a dexterous stroke. While he was thinking over tbe ugly message that had been sent to him through Count Schouvaloff, he received another memorandum yet more imperative. : This was on the 15 th, the warmest day of the crisis. It was produced by a report which had reached Lord Derby that the Russians were occupying new positions in the neighbourhoed of Boulair. It reiterated the notification of tbe 13th in more precise terms, if that were possible, and drew from Prince Gortschakoff a telegraphic reply that the Russian Government maintained its promise not to occupy Gallipoli or the lines of Boulair; but— it expected in return that there would be no debarkation of EDglub. troops on the Asiatic side of the Straits. It hadbeen cur rently reported among our own military men when the fleet was being sent up that an expe dition would be landed on the Asiatic side in the eveut of the Russians forestalling us at Gallipoli. Lord Derby in stating the gist of this correspondence in the House of Lords said — ' On the 19th we answered that we had re ceived with satisfaction the assurance given, md that we were ready to meet it by a corre sponding engagement not to land troops on the1 European side, and that we were prepared to extend this engagement to the Asiatic side of the Straits of the Dardanelles on receiving an assurance from Russia that she. would also ibstain from landing troops there. We have received tbe Russian answer to thatcommuni sation, and it is to the effect that the Russian Government does not intend— I am giving the ictual words— to occupy the Asiatic shore of tbe Dardanelles if England will equally ibstain.' It was universally thought that Piince Gortschakoff had made a capital bargain for Russia in this arrangement and redeemed bis own reputation. The' patriotic party' could not understand where Lord Beacoasfield had been when it was agreed to and the reciprocal pledge given that so long as Russia did not Jicupy the Straits we should not. Conversely, it iutborized Russia to act elsewhere as she pleased. THE BBTIISH FLEET PIROUETTING tH THE SEA OF SIAKSWKA. The expression is Mr. Gladstone's, and it is meant to be satirical. It occurs in his ' Paths of Honour and Paths of Shame,' the sequel to which was a considerable breakage of glass at bis house in Harley-street. The pirouetting, however, is historical. Admiral Ccmmerell had been only a day or two at Prince's Islands when he returned southward to Moudania, about 40 miles from Constantinople, It was inferred that this was a diplomatic movement, taken in conjunction with a Russian engagement not to enter Constantinople. The AgenceBusse ascribed it to that kind of discretion which is the better part of valour. It stated that the withdrawal of the British fleet to Moudania Bay did not lessen the importance of its having passed through the Dardanelles against the wish of the Porte, but it proves that the safety of British subjects was not menaced, and that the passage of the fleet, therefore, was not necessary. On the 18th Admiral Commerell confused us all again by a sudden move up to Tongla Bay, at the entrance to the Gulf of Ismid. Here he was within 15 miles of Constantinople. Ministers explained in both Houses that the pirouetting had been entirely naval, and not diplomatic. Admiral Commerell had acted solely with a view to the safety and convenience of the squadron. We have, of course, some very graphic descriptions from |the squadron of ;the passage of the Straits. It was attended with one or two vexa tious acccidents, but as far as regards the instructions given and the carrying ef them out it was creditably executed. The men were greatly disgusted on the 9th, when the five iron clads which went first up to Chanak returned, after being refused permission ; but it consoled them that fires were banked for getting up 10 knots' steam in 20 minutes. An anxious inter val of three days followed, in which Admiral Hcrnby was in constant telegraphic communica tion with the Admiralty. Part of the six mil lions, it is credibly said, has been spent in con necting Besika Bay by cable with the Eastern Telegraph Company's lines. On Tuesday, 12th, all the admirals and captains were summoned on board the flagship Alexandra to a council- of war. They returned to their ships with the news that a passage was to be forced on the morrow. fohcisg ihb dahdaneixbs, February 13. On Tuesday night the Admiral's instructions were distributed to the captains of the six vessels told off for the dangerous service. They were lithographed and contained exact plans of the ports to be passed. One of the best of the many graphic accounts which have appeared thus describes tiie start:— 'When the hands were turned up in the morning the topgallant masts and all superfluous gear aloft were got on deck, hammocks put into the tops for the rifle men, and the Gatling guns ranged alongside them. The morning was dreadful. Rain came down in torrents, a dense haze over the water obscuring the land; the wind high and bitterly cold; the sea rough and tempestuous. At 8.30 a.m. the ships formed into two lines, pissing up the coast in the teeth of a gale of wind, which increased in severity the closer the squadran got ro the narrow entrance of the Dardanelles. At 10.15 a.m. the fleet passed the Castles of Europe ?ind Asia, steaming in the following order : — Starboard Division— Asiatic side.— Alexandra (flag), Sultan, Temeraire. Port Division— Euro- pean side. — Agincourt (flag), Achilles, Swiftsure. About 11 o'clock snow began to fall, blinding those on deck and completely obscuring the land ; in fact, the dangers of navigation seemed dmoet worse than the gauntlet of the forts. The officers had an early meal, as also the men ; and this over, quarters were sounded, and then tbe Admiral's plan of attack was made known. The guns were loaded with heavy charges of powder and shrapnell shell, trained on the beam, and run out just level with the battery ports. But these messengers of death had a smiling face upon them, for the tompions were in and everything looked peaceful. Tha tops were filled with riflemen, and Gatling guns and all torpedo defences prepared, but nothing war 1 ike was to be seen. Admiral Hornby's instruc tions were to pass peacefully if possible, not to make any demonstration calculated to excite the Turks into a breach of the peace, but if the forts did open fire upon us, then ? . These were the orders.' WAITISa FOB THE TCHKS TO FIRE. On the Asiatic side of the mouth of the Straits is Chanak, the Turkish Customs station and tbe bead-quarters of the Governor of the Straits. Three miles below it is the first fort — a small affair, armed with a 40-ton Krupp. Tbe ironclads ware ordered to look out for this, and if it fired to dismount it, destroying the earthwork. At half-past 2 o'clock in the afternoon they came within range. ' At * speed of eight knots, surrounded with a dense foj, the snow falling thickly, the wind, hcjwliug throagh the rigging, the squadron groped about for this wretched gun. It was luckily seen; so, in pursuance of orders, the ships formed into single line and awaited the result. Breathless silence reigned over the ships, broken only by the dull thud, thud of the engines ; yet beneath that quietude was the greatest excitement. At the guns stood their crews,? one man ready to slip out the tompion, the others to run the gun out, while the captain of the gun stood immove able, lanyard in hand, one jerk of which would have sent the enormous shell spinning on its errand. Our hearts were in our mouths as the flagship came abreast of the Chanak gun ; the little puff of smoke, the flame, the] crash were eagerly watched for, while minutes seemed years. At last relief came :) we bad passsd in peace, and the ^tension was removed. . . . As, tbe town of Chanak was passed the wind increased in strength, the fog thickened, the snow and sleet fell worse than before, blinding tbe officers on the bridges and biting ears, cheeks, and noses. The current, too, was dead against us, and was running nearly four knots. In this fearful weather, when neither ships ahead nor astern were visible, and guided only by the hoarse cry of the leadsmen in the chains, did the squadron pass the narrows of the Dardanelles, here only three-quarters of a mile broad. At a speed of eight knots against the wind and current the forts of Chanak an I Iscala and Namazieh were passed. Breathless silence prevailed on board the ships when those formidable batteries were being passed. They were the only point of serious resistance, added to which the Turkish authorities had given us the pleasing information that torpedoes hid been laid down between the opposite forts. But no — nothing occurred to bar our progress up the Straits. No torpedo exploded under our bottom, and no shell came crashing against our sides. For the next two miles we were passing smaller forts and redoubts, but of these we took no notice, as they could all have easily been dis posed off by a few shells. So having passed all danger, and there, being no more fortifications to encounter, tbe orders were given to unload the guns and to return the shell and powder to tiie maitazra&i;' iHB AliSAJTOEA IN A PBEDrciilKSf. Having leased the huge forts at Chanak the signal TW pvea for the Agincourt (Sir G. Com merell) to g-5 ahead at fall speed. She is a long unwieldy ship, and in taking the turn required so much time that the Alexandra (flagship).which followed her, had to ease her engines, and the swift current carried her back on 'a sandbank. A horrified cry of (v The flagship is ashore' went throagh the squadron, and sure enough the Alexandra lay hard and fast within 600 yards of one of the Chanak forts, which are mounted with Krupp guns. The squadron eased steam for a few minutes to see what the Turks would do, bat to the inexpressible relief of all the forts -remained silent. Admiral Hornby then signalled for the Sultan to stand by and assist tbe flagship, while the others were to go ahead and anchor off Gallipoli at the head of the Straits. ' Off Karakova, in the Hellespont, the fog suddenly lifted, and with a clear passage before us we rattled on at full speed, anchoring before the town of Gallipoli exactly as the clock struck six, having been eight hours on the journey. Gallipoli was apparently deserted; but the fact was that the inhabitants had retreated to their houses and had barred them selves in. Tbe poor things, mostly women and children, had taken fright at the sudden appear ince of the English squadron, and were under the impression that we were about to bombard tbe town while the Muscovs assaulted the lines. Part of the squadron ( Agmcourt and Swiftsure) remained there to watch the movements of the belligerents ; the remaining ships (Alexandra, FeniSraire, Achilles, and Sultan) got under tray the next morning (14th), and pro seeded to the Sea of Marmora. The morning was bitterly cold, & cutting northerly wind was blowing, but there was no snow or sleet, ind the sun shone brightly. We passed close to the Gallipoli lines, and could see Fort Vic toria and line after line of white tents stretch ing across the hills, while the soldiers were very busy throwing up rifle-pits and making various kinds of defences. The fort bad one very big ;un pcinted towards the spot whence Gourko »nd his troops are expected to issue. Ou the morning of the 15th the squadron anchored off Prinkipo, Prince's Island, some ten miles from Constantinople.' It has been debated whether or not the Turks ever intended resistance. Some of the Constan tinople correspondents say that it was actually resolved upon by the Imperial Council, Vefik Pasha himself being bent upon it, but that the remonstrances of Mr. Layard and Hobart Pasha effected a change of tone at the last moment. It has also been affirmed that orders were sent to Chanak to resist, and that Hobart Pasha on his own authority countermanded them. Below Cbanak a boat was dimly been through the storm attempting to approach the flagship. A Turkish official stood in the stern gesticulating wildly, but Admiral Hornby, if ho has a blind eve.moved it in that direction and took no notice of the boat. At Uajara-Kaleh Admiral Com merell went ashore and communicated with the Turkish authorities there. The Porte addressed a remonstrance to Lord Derby, which he answered civilly, pleading the law of neces sity. PATRIOTIC DEMONSTRATIONS. The patriotic party are very unwilling to let the scare go down. They are energetic in the Press, which is their stronghold ; on the platform, which they have now all to themselves ; but most of all in Hyde Park, where last Sunday after noon they had another free fight with the Auberon Herbert squad. On tbe 5th inst. they had a full dress muster in Exeter Hall, under the auspices of the National and Patriotic League. The orators were our hard- riding friend Captain Burnaby ; Mr. Borthwick, Editor of the Morning Post; Mr Gibson Bowles, Editor of Vanity Fair, who had the odd controversy at last general election about tbe Straits of Malacca ; Mr. Alfred Austin, a leader writer on tbe Standard ; Mr. Liardet, a Greenwich Con seivative; and Dr. Leslie, a Bed Cross surgeon hot from the Turkish camp. He charged the Russians with grossly illusing Turkish prisoners. Captain Burnaby, who is just a little too political in his travels, declared that he had never yet said half as much as he would like to do ; that in fact he cannot while he holds Her Majesty's commission. As a specimen of the mildest of his opinions he declared ' the object of Russia to be the destruction of our Indian Empire. Russia had been systematically push ing on towards the East for years and years. She cad had recourse to every conceivable means of advancement, she had intrigued, and she had not hesitated to use means which in England we would characterize by expressions which would not be considered strictly Parliamentary, and which he, as an officer in Her Majesty's army, and on fall pay, was not entitled to use. If, however, he did not apply the expressions he would like towards tbe Russian Government he felt them. Another officer in Her Majesty's army who has been among the Russians and has as little reasou as Captain Burnaby to like them poohpoohs the Indian panic. Captain Noiman, the Times special correspondent in Armenia, has republished his letter with a pre face estimating calmly the advantage Russia may gain from her conquests in that region. He reminds tbe alarmists that Alexandropol and Krivan are nearer the Persian Gnlf than Kars or Krzeroum, and Samarcand and Khokand nearer tne Punjaub than either. When the Russians do come to India he believes that our own native forces will be more than a match for them. WAR PREPARATIONS. There is a general impression that Mr. Gatborne Hardy and Mr. Smith are liquidating the six millions at a fine rate. Woolwich and all the naval stations are on high pressure. Horses are being bought all over the country. Biscuits are being baked by the hundred thousand a day. Patent locomotives specially adapted for work ing in trenches are being built. Steel torpedo boats are being contracted for, and coals are being shipped from South Wales to the Medi tet ranean. The military spirit of the country is aflame, though there is no longer the ghost of a fear of real war. Military men are the most popular speakers at public binqaete, and every sciap of eulogy bestowed on the defensive forces is treasured up by penny-a-liners. Sir Garnet Wolseley, the destined chief of the staff in Lord Napier's contingent expedition, is foremost among the patriotic optimists. You will have seen his article in the Nineteenth Century on the British army in 1834 and 1878. In the same Cambyses vein he spoke at tbe annual dinner of the Savage Club— a literary, artistic, and dramatic brotherhood in the West Centre. Responding for the army, he observed thai ever since he joined it it had been going to the dogs. At long as he could remember it was tbe story of the good old times, and he could recollect when it was an uncommon thing for even senior officers to grumble about the men then joining as in every way inferior — morally and physically — to those who had fought the great battles of English history. It was a great consolation to him to be able to think that all this was our customary croaking. We were a nation of croakers, and he did not believe there was a profession more given to croaking than his own. Within the last few weeks, he said, 'I have care fuiiy studied the subject, and I have gone into it most minutely ; and I can give an emphatic denial to the statements of the croakers. At the present time we have a large number of young .soldiers in the army, and we are told that the whole army is composed of boys. That is incor rect, because— as it has been stated in a public poav.ner, figures being given— the age 0* the iii my at the present moment is very satisfactory kdeed. We have not regiments of boys, but regiments of men— men wha, yonmaydepen' upon it, will do their duty whenever called upon.' TWO AHMY. COKPS READY FOB THB FIBLD. The Minister for War has announced iu the House of Commons that one army corps is complete iu every respect, and that a second would scon be ready to take the field. It is ex plained that an English army corps numbers 37,C00 of all ranks. Of these about 5,000 are non-combatant officers and men of the Medical Commissariat and Administrative Departments. Tbe combatant force therefore would be 32,000, subdivided into three divbions of infantry, a brigade of cavalry, a variable number ot batteries of artillery, and a complement of engineers. Each infantry division has besides its own com plement of cavalry and artillery. It consists of two brigades— each three battalions— a rifle battalion, a regiment of cavalry, three field batteries, a company of engineers, a troop of military police, anu the ammunition reserve column. The cavalry brigade comprises three regiments and a battery of horse artillery. Tbe separate artillery, distinguished as the ' artillery corf..-),:' consists of three horse and two field batteries, with an ammunition reserve column. To express this fighting power in the simplest form it may be said that a corps numbers 21,000 bayonets, 3,000 sabres, and fifteen batteries of artillery, or ninety guns. According to Sir Garnet Wolseley, there are at this rate guns enough for seven corps. In the first which Mr. Hardy spoke of as being ready will be included tbe extra forces at Malta and Gibraltar, which have orders to be ready to embark at an hour's notice. At home all regiments first on the roster for foreign service are being brought np to their full strength, bounties of £1 being offered to men to volunteer from other regiments. Lord Napier of Magdala, who is still in London, has received offers to serve on his staff from more officers than would be required for an army of 100,000 men. Some of the provincial volunteers nay * begged the War Office to allow them in Mlonf _.-? *»Hy to do garrison duty, and thus Skve £ whoJ: * V* 'S^ tro°P8 *-' *«™ service. .., . BtTBSTUia THB TORPEDO BUBfcLfc It has been mentioned by Reuter flrat you were to hold a Conference for concerting general measures of defence in the event of a Russian fleet having occasion to visit you on business, and not merely as last time on pleasure. The natural tendency would be to put your trust in torptdoe8 and telegraph a big order to Finne at one^. According to the best naval authority at home this would be a great mistake.f or the tor pedo is an impostor. Only the Russians have ever f erioualy Relieved in it, and though they ooull do nothing with it in the Crimean war they still adhere to their partiality for it. The gnws carelessness of the Turks on the Danube made them think that they had realized all their hopes at last. Nevertheless, the captain of a British ironclad would have very little hesita tion about entering a bay beset with fixed torpedoes. The first torpedo is of course different, and in circumstances such aa a night surprise may be dangerous; but the sunk torpedo has figuratively speaking had its teeth drawn. The firing ^of it has always been a matter of happy uncertainty. It has no power beyond 30 feet, and the chances of its being kept at the right level and fired at the right moment are incomparably against it. But a later discovery, which has been made almost accidentally by some Danish officers, puts it completely out of court. The slightest vibra tion explodes the charge, and in water thick laid with torpedoes explosion becomes infectious. One torpedo going off will explode another 300 feet away. This discovery has suggested the antidote of .countermining, which has beeu experimented with lately at Portsmouth, aud brought to almost absolute certainty of effect. On the 2nd March some show experiments were made in preatuce of a large number of members of Parliament, which proved that a vessel entering torpedo-laid waters could by seuding a small launch in advance and sinking torpedoes with 150-lb. charges explode all the others iu a wide radius, bunk torpedoes are no longer worth searoom. (To be continued.) 