NEWS OP THE EMV The Boyal Mail Steamship l'anjora will be despatched witb Mails for South Australia, Western Australia, Point de Uallo, India, China, and the Kust, Aden, Mauritius, Keumon, the Mediterranean Ports, tho Continent of Europo, tho United King dom via Southampton and via Brindisi, and British Colonies and Foreign Coun tries via tho United Kingdom, on Friday, tho 1st November. The times appointed for closing are For money orders and rcgistorcd letters, nt G p.m. on Thursday, 31st October; for ordinary letters via Southampton and vin Brindisi, at 10 a.m. on Friday, 1st November; for newspapers vin Southampton, at 9 a.m. on Friday, 1st ; for newspapers via Brindisi, nt 10 a.m. on Friday, 1st. "Late letters will bo reoeivod provided tho postage and feo aro fully prepaid by postage stamps, at the General Post-oQico, from 10 a.m, to 10.30 s.m., from 10.30 a.m. to 12.45 p.m., and on board mail steamer to time of sailing. . An application was made to-day to His Honor Mr Jnstice Bnrry, in chambers, to set aside a writ of fi. fa. issued by Mrs Smart, tbo plaintiff in an action Df Smnrtjv O'Onl- lnglisu, heard in Melbourne some imo ago. The plaintiif obtained about £800 dam ages from the defendants, Messrs O'Oal- laglisn and Swan, purveyors, of Bourxo street, for misrepresentation as rcgnrded the "takings" of Bnumaon's Cafe, in Swnnston street. Tho defendants gave notice of appeal to tho Piivy Council after having appealed without success to tho full court, The de- fCDdants paid into couit tUo amount df the vcrdiot, costs nnd interest on the money for twelve months, but tbey never proscecuted tho appeal, and Mrs Smart took tho mouey out of court and issued a writ of fi. fa, for £93 additional interest. His Honor has not yet given his decision. Playing at deteotivos is a risky game not worth tho oaodle, as was evidenced this moruiug nt tho Oity Court, when Detocttvo O'Donnoll brought up three young pick pockets on tho charge of befog ia a public plnco with intent to commit a felony. Tho oldest of the prisoners did not appenr to bo moio than 14 yenrs of ago, though all of them have rocolvod sen tences from tho SBme oourt for potty larceny. Witb the lads n respectable looking young man, dressed in blue dungaree trousorB and having the geuersl nnd uumistaknble appearance of an engine fitter, was also put forward on tho anmo charge. Mr J. T. Olnrk, an attorney's clerk, stated tfcr.t yesterday afternoon ho observed two boys trying tho back poekets of several ladies who were nt the time engaged in viewing the mysterious femiuiao wonders of tbo Gap dresses ut Buckley and Nunn's shop, The elder prieoner appeared to be generally supervising tho boys, in fact acting the part of what is known tea police ss a " front stall." Detective O'Donnell wnB also wstehiag tho l ids, nod from what he saw he locked theai up. The boys were sent to the reformatory for threo years. Tho elder prisoner eta tad that he nl-o noticed the yonog scamps tryiug pockets at the Flindors street station, and determined to play tho part of an amateur detective. With that end in viow, he fo'lowed the boys, and preeontly, the batter to accomplish his purpose, agreed to neb io conjunct' ,.u with them. Unfortunately for him tbe movements of tbe party were observed by Mr Olark and tbe detective, and the result was that, he had been arrested. He stated that he was an engine-fitter, and only arrived in Mel bourne from Sydney three weeks ago, but bad been uuahle to obtain employment' as yet, Tho man told his story evidently in a truthful manner, and his hands showed that ho gained his .livelihood by hard work, aud not by thieving. Mr Pantoo, P.M , believed his statement and discharged him, at the same time pointing out how foolishly ,he had acted Ajnoit determined attempt at suicide was made laBt night by a woman named Margaret Carr, The womaD, it appears, had a mis understanding with hot husband last even ing, and informed bim, on passing his shop in the Eastern Market, that eho intended drowning herself, Mr Oarr being under the impression that she was merely joking, jocularly replied that it was tho best thing Bho could , do, Mrs Oarr wbnt straight. down to tho river it seems, and deliberately walked into the stream with her clothes on, and as she drifted rapidly down towards the bridge, Hho ioovitibly would have been drowned, but for her being rescued by a gentleman who was rowing: up stream. The unhappy woman, .it was stated by her husband, had only recently been cbn- fined, since which time she had been Butter ing from piutial aberration of intellect, The bench discharged her, and handed her ovor to her husband. I Mis Samson, of Torriogton House Ladies' School, has just completed another of those superb altar cloths for whioh she has ob tained an Australian celebrity; aud the work being a labor of love, it desetvee notice, ThiB cloth ia for All Saints' Ohurch, St. Kilda. It ia of white silk, consisting of an embroidered superfoutal, the ornamentation of which covers a surface of 7 feet by 1 foot broad, executed in floss silks, and finished off with point lace. The design is enlarged from one something simi lar in the Art Journal. It represents the Bacred monogram, in gold embedded in a star, nnd surronnded by a nimbus of white, throwing tbe centrepiece into relief. On either side of this extends a waving scroll of bine, entwined among foliage of lilies nnd passion Dowers, bearing at eaoh ex- trcmity a cluster of sinrp. Tbo whole is grounded in stitches of crimson floss. Upon the tcroll appears, in raised gold letters, an insciiption in LatiD, leading tho mind from the contemplation of human mortality to the immortality of the soul. Art conuisBeurs should bear in mind that, on Monday next, Messrs Gemmeli, Tuckets and Gp., will sell by auction, tho magnificent colls clion of pictnreB, belonging to the estate of the lato Mr James Ferves. This iB one of the most valuable private collections in the colonies, and includes works whioh are be lieved to be originals by some of the greatest masters the world baa ever seen. There are alBo admirable copies of some of the most famous pictures in the world, aud altogether tbe sale will possess an intense interest for art students, and lovers of art, The Australian and European bank is doing on excellent business, os the share holders will be glad to see from tho half- yearly report and balance etaeet, whioh : is published in our advertising celumne. The firmness of tbo bricklayers at the Eastern market may bo somewhat explained by the fact that a goad deal of building is iD progress just now ; and there is a very great contrast to the position of the building trade generally, when the bona fide nnom- ployed agiution took place a few months ago. In addition to such large works aB tho Eastern market aud Par liament House, the new Law Courts havo an in-setting of brickwork ; while there has been a huge job going on in tho powder magazine at Footsoray. Theb, in Oellins street, wo havo tho new promises of the Land Mortgago Bank, and the othor brisk operations next to Itocke's. The works for tbo Union Bonk on tho Criterion site aro started, and a crane appears above the hoarding. Ground is to be broken soon on the Utknown na Petty'B block, tho plans of tbo now edifices b&iog; displayed at Mullen's, There ia no truth in the statement puba lished this morning, to tho offeot that a number of tho briokinyerB who were em ployed st tho Eastern Market, and who had been discharge! becauso they refused to work after two p.m. on Satuydays, had re turned to work on tho oonditione imposed by tbe o ntractore. Altogether there were twenty-five mon who declined the Saturday afternoon iobor, and not ono of thoso has since turned to. The fact is that four oou- Bocioty men havo been engaged, and these are now at work'. Of tho twonty-fivo men who were knocked off, all but four havo work on other jobs, nnd these four could ob'niu work, but they nro kept on at the Eastern Mniket work as pickota, and aro paid their regular wages of ten shillings per day out of tho fnnds of tho Bricklayers' Society, which nro in n fiouiiahing condition, there being over £200 immediately available. The urgent necessity of the Shire Council of Coburg passing a bye-law compelling drivers of vehicles to carry lights is becoming moro plain every night; and tho narrow i socpes from accioonts are simply miraculous, t is nut to be wondered nt that the 'ous drivers, cnbmen, and others nro loud in com- llniningof tho reckless oonduot ot draymen ud others, who are not particular whioh ide of the road thoy nro on, without any ighto or indication of their whereabouts. 8everal very narrow eBcnpoa have rooontly occurred, nnd no doubt somo member of the council will tnko the initiative ia tho advice endered. Tbe Gcelong Advertiser states that tho ships Ben Oruachnn and Slievomoro are filling np slowly. The former hae on board over ?000 hales of wool, lonving room for fully 4000 more, In addition to the wool on board the Slievomore, tlioro is a largo quan tity of leather, making in all, at tho prosout time, 6300 bales. The Slievomore will take about 9000 bales altogether. According to tho Drysdslo correspondent of the Gcolong Advertiser : — A very oevoro ma'ady hns broken out among tho enttlo in tho Bellarioedisiriot ; Mr Levien has lo-b a 1-rge number within tho last weak or two, Tbero are so many cBroases being brought to Mr Gallop's boiling-down establishment, that thoy con scaroeiy be oonsnmed. The Bendigo Advertiser roports that on tbo afternoon of Wednesday last, at Maroner, a little boy named Tobias Keating, agod 31 jeaie, was ploying with his btpiUsr Francis aged five years, near on old log whio w««t, on fire, when tho formor took up a drv bn.a and sot firo to it. Tbo flames oan/ht th child's clothing, and bis elder brothor was so frightened that he became transfixed and gavo no alarm, Tho mother of the ohiidrm, was in the house, within a di. tanco of 100 yards, at the tia£ but had no knowledge of the occur rence, Bud a carpenter named Oharioa Wrieht was also within a short distsneo of thQ sceno of tho accident, nt work oo n buildiue Tho latter Baw the child on fire, but arrived the scone too Into to render any effectual nsBistencein saving his life, ns tho littlo on,. wnB bo severely burnod about tho legB armn and head that ho died about 42 hours after' wards, although all tbnt modioal skill could do to save his life was done by Dr Jas, Bovd who was called in. At an inquest hold voa' tcrday, it was shown that deceased died from coliapso, caused by the injuries de scribed, and the jury returned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. Wo take tho following from tho Boc'hestar Expretm Thore used to bo in what is termed " the good old times" a largo amount of interest attaohod to a ease where " a lady elopes with a ladder of ropes" and oveu uoW- B-dayB, when we nre turned more proBaic and the poetry of our lives is almost vanished there is an amount of romauoo and ssnp- ment centered in n rnu-away match in Victoria, eepocially when ono of the principals hnB previously been bound in wedlock, and bus for some considerable time mapaged to exist under the matrimonial yoke, which acts as a comcomitaut to giy0 i he affair a dash of sensationalism. Such an extraordinary elopement has ooourred in this dibtiict, and BBit ie foed for goBalp we giva publicity to it. It appears, so far as parti culars have leaked out, that the gay Lothario is an ordinary bullock driver who seems to havo urged his suit "not wisely but too well" on his employer's wife, who he purauadad to ekeddadle witb bun, leave five children and a sorrowing husband to mourn her lose.' Aa old proverb snyB that tastes differ, and there is no acconnting for them, and apparently it is exemplified to its utmoBt limits in the pre sent " burst up " for wo have not hoard that the loving bullock driver possessed any in ordinate personal attraction over the farmer, who wbb in affluent circumstances to warrant such fickleness on the part of tho lady fair. Tho huBbnud is highly respected and well- known both here and In Kynetou, The Melbonrne correspondent of the Gee- long Advertiser writes : — Ifc.ie pretty well known that for some time past a committee, including initB ranks Mr Ellery, Dr Bromby, Messrs Service, Oasoy, and other genilcmeu well-known in connection with science, has been investigating tho cUlmB of Dr Slade, This committee haB ' not as yet re ported, but I am in a position to say that its mind is fully made up, and that it only waita for some further confirmation of its conclusion. So nearly do the committee men think themselves upon the track of Dr. Slnde's method, that recently one of them so effectualla performed the elate- writiog phe nomena that one ot tho other experts among tho examinere wbs absolutely deceived by the apparent reality of manifestation. If I were to mention to yon the names of the gentlemen I refer to yon would tt onco appreciate that no ordinary jugglering eouli fooi their common sense, and that the fact of their having so closely approaohod the sanctuary of Sladeism is pretty oonolusivo evidence that their report will interest the public more than it does the Doctor or his " contrcle." The cattle scourge pleuro, says the Talbot Leader, haB made its appearance in tho Lcxton and Evanstord localities, and ap peals to bo of a very virulent nature. It is difficult to gBther much information respect- ing it, as cattle-ownnrB, for obvious rearous, are vory reticent ; but it ia rumored that ono dairyman has lost ovor' twenty bead in about three weekB, and another has lost over a dozen, whilst others have lost only one or two as yet. Tbe general opinion iB that the disease is epresd by tbe cattlo that ronm the roads. It is impossible to isolate cattle in paddocks when diseased cattle are allowod to graze the roads, as there is scarcely a paddook amongst tho farmers bnt haB a road on one or more sideB of it, Surely, at such a time as this, tbe Bhire councils should put the law in toice, and keep the roads clear of roving cattle. It is bad enough to have fences ' broken and portions of crop eaten by tlio starving animals that nro turned out to get their living on the ronds, but tho commuai- cst'on of this contagious disease means something like ruin to a poor dairyman, In connection with Hospital Sunday there will be a special choral service at tbe Town Ball to-morrow afternoon, commencing at 3 p.m. Tho Eev. Oanon Handfiold will de liver a short sermon, and the chair of St. Peter's Oburch will render a number of sacred selections. Mr Matthew Burnott, the social reformer, holds hie firBt mass meeting at Emerald Hill to-night. Farticolars of the arrangements are advertised elsewhere. Tc-morrow evening Mr Alfred Miller, tho well-known lecturer, will deliver a leotnre, in the Apollo Hall, on the Eduoation question. The lecture was to be delivered on Sunday last, but had to be postponed owing ta an unexpected hitch, The city organist will play the following selections this evening, at eight o'clock, namely:— Overture, .Masaniello, Anher; An- dnnto in F, Bstiete; opera selection, Norms, Bellini; Silver Trumpets, viz,, (a) Grand Professional March, (b) Harmony in the Dome (by special desire), Yiviani ; oratorio selection, Messiah, viz., (a) air, Gut thou didst not leave, (b) chorus, Lift up your headi; (Handel) finale, National Anthem. Tho popular excursion steamer Golden Crown, will make horusual trip to Sorrento to-morrow, and in this oplendid weather no more enjoyable outing could bo conceived. The steamer will lenve Sandridgo Railway ; Pier on the arrival of tbe train, which loaves Melbonrne for Saodrldge at twelve miouloa to eleven, and will return in good time in the evening. A pleasnnt feature ia connection with these Sunday trips iB the introduction of a string band on board, and the perform ance by tho musicians of oxcelleut selec tions of sacred music. We folly anticipate that to-morrow tho Gulden Grown will be well filled. Mr Wybort Reevo brings six new plays, for which he hns the sole Australian right. In the Woman in While ho hae played Fosco over 1800 times, throughout England and America. His next great card is Diplomnoy, which is such an enormous draw at tho Prince of Wales Theatre, London. Gilbert's sparkling comedy Engaged, thn powerful drama All for Her, with No Namo ; nod Georgo Geith, offord Mr Beove an al most unprecedented array of novelties for j tho Australia enmpnign. Tbe enteitninment called "D'Aroy Road's GhoEt," wns repented last evening at tbo Atbecmum Hall, before a largo nndience. The ghost is produced on tho scientific plan of tho celobrnted ghost of Professor Pepper, nnd is ono of tho most startling creations of tcicnco which theBO modern times havo wit nessed. The entertainment opens with a knight watching ills nrmor in a Cathedral before receiving his spurs. Ghosts of a monk, a siron, and n merchant appear to him in suc cession; and tempt him to abandon bis vigil, bnt - ho is proof to thoir blandishments. Tho effect wonld bo greatly improved if tho knight himself would sing tho song whioh is assigned to him, instead of making dumb show with his lips, while tho song ia sung behind the scenes. Christy's MinBtrols entertainment comes next. Three members of tho burnt cork fraternity take their seats before the audionco, and give a niggor on- trrUinment of tbe ordinary kind, but they constantly vanish from tho sight of tho au dience, ard their placoa aro taken for a while by three ghosts in white; of rather convivial aspect, who oontinuo the ontoitainmcnt in pantomime, and pre sently vanish, 'lho Haunted Houbo forms tbo third portion of tho programme. A gentleman of nervous temperament takes lodgings st the houBO of a Mrs Graball, but the place is so infected with ghosts that no has no pesco or rost, The details of this piece nro woli ailed in withdinioguo nnd by- "" "rhe eongs, which are intarsporsod r'' the entertainment, aro well r 2 and ngrooably sung, bne of the c ,i lnopbBble things in the entertatnmont ? Voht between three ghosts and three l8,„ioof flosh and blood, the way in which pUitnnd matter arc mixed up being most '"SoMor Hennicke, who is one of the , «„.i of coniurore, announces his last psr- f isnce »t the Apollo Hall this evening, d if the merits of tho ontertainmBnt are ,io paused, bo should have a crowded PV His slate trick (after Blade) is one f tho bcBt tricks over soon in Uelbonrne, A all his othor illusiona nro managed with rt««klllof an ncoomplished artiste. Tho United States Minstrels enter upon ,,.ir ceeventh week Bt St. George's Hall this They are ns popular as over, and uo linllia we" attended every evening. There me special attractions offered at the people's Concerts at the Temperance Hall Thoro will be a change of programme nt Hie Princess's Thoatre this evening, when the 'itenest'onal and, comical " drnma, British Tors will he produced, with Mr Tavnres, Mr Jaiev »nd Mr Poole in the principal parts. Mr treawick'fl Hamlet is drawing good hemes at the Prlcco of Wales Thoatre. It mil bo repeated ts-nfght. Under the direotion of Mr D'Orsay Odgen, she new comedy-burlotta Minervn ; or that Mother-in-law will ba produced at the Academy of Musle to-night. Henry the Fifth wbb repented for the last ilmeat the Theatre Roynl last evening. To- Mr Wyberb Bceve, who !haa just armed in the colony from England, will nsko bis first appearance ns Count Fosco, jh (|,e Woman in Whit". Mr Eeeve comes j0 ns with an excellent Engliah reputa- '' We have received a copy of theJanior Ciicheters' list of Matohes and 'Secretaries' directory, for the ensuing soasoD. It con- tsloa a list of all the matohes arranged fertile junior clubs with the names and sddresseB of the BeoretarieB ; some practioal Mnts to bowling and lithographed par tialis of D.Gregory, Horan, Allan, and Hlachhsm. It will be found n most useful took for ail classes who are interested in the - junior clobs. A novelty In tho way of tho combination of busi- . Hiaesbas been inaugurated by Messrs. A. lUrrisand Co. Elizabeth stroot, This entorpriaing firm, not only sell jewellery of all qualities and prices, but they divorce into perfumery, brushware, aud knick-knacks generally. Tobacco, cigars, and some decided novel- , tka in the pipe and cigar lino fill the windows, and a slagularly large and cool hair-cutting saloon adds to tlie attractions of the premises. 