OUR BRISBANE LETTER. BRISBANE, MARCH 9. IF I write a letter this week entirely about the Bris- bane watering-places, it will be for two reasons. Not less pretty than true is the proverb which describes the country which has no history as happy ; and what applies, in such a connection, to a country, applies to a locality. My first reason then is to be found in this proverb, hence the date of my last communication. Nothing has happened in Brisbane, or even the colony at large, worthy of ampler notice than your own unre- mitting telegrams published from day to day furnish. And a second reason is that during the week the merits and demerits of a new watering-place have been the most popular theme of discussion next to the war, with the probabilities of which we, no doubt like yourselves, by this time, are not much troubled. Apropos of Creswick's acting. I ventured the other week to say that Brisbane envied Sydney. Of course, it permanently envies it in other ways, too, and foremost for the possession of its world-famed harbour. You have, as a matter of pleasant fact, any number of beautiful watering-places within sound of your church bells, and a grand choice, if you wish to go a few miles further from home. Sweet bays, in- viting eaves, yellow sands, you have ever with you close at hand. Nature has dealt with Sydney as Dame Fortune sometimes deals with persons-it has lavished upon one object a superabundance of wealth that had better have been distri- buted amongst the needy. Neediest amongst the needy, in the matter of watering-places, is poor Bris- bane. Indeed, if the whole truth must be told, we have no watering-place of which we can speak with- out apology. In conversing of our seaside resorts to a stranger we cannot as you in your parts do, turn triumphantly towards him, and with an airy wave of the hand, say all that is necessary in a bold "Now, then ! " We have to use a prodigious quantity of "ifs and-buts," and use them moreover with a humility that is at bottom deprecation. It is very hard that we are thus situated, for this is a city where the natural heat of the climate and bad drainage render a health-giving change almost a periodical necessity for the humbler classes, who are precisely those upon whom the unsatisfactory conditions to which I have referred most hardly press. The well-to-do can always get away from town when they feel disposed, but the man who lives from hand to mouth is simply unable to take his family to a fair stretch of seaside. However, let us pass from generalities to details. Our most popular watering-place is Sandgate, and this village will always be popular, because it is of all possible spots many miles nearest Brisbane. The small shopkeeper can take out his cart or buggy on Sunday morning, drive his folks down to Picnic Point, enjoy an alfresco luncheon there, and bring them back again at night ; and a very fast-going horse can perform the journey in an hour. It is easy therefore to see that Sandgate, though popular, will never become fashionable. Those alfresco luncheons on Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays, produce incalculable enjoyment, it may be hoped, to worthy people, but they produce also an unsightly crop of beer bottles, remnants of substantial feasts, broken glass, &c;, upon the most eligible lounging grounds of the place. This is not a vital consideration, it is true, but it keeps, away the Smith-Smythes and the Brown Brownes, without whose august presence, so long as the world wags as it does at present, there can never be the hall- mark of real " tone." They say that the Australian colonies encourage the best phases of democracy ; yet in these small social affairs there is as much snobbery abroad as anywhere. In my modest opinion it is a blessing to my friends-the artisans and their wives and children-that they have Sandgate, and I should like to see picnics there every day in the week, even if my favourite knoll was cumbered with half-picked bones and disestablished beer bottles. Sandgate at any rate fulfils the fine creed of the greatest happiness for the greatest number. Sandgate would not be a bad substitute for a watering-place if there were a little sand there. It is called Sandgate apparently because it lacks that essential sea- side article I drove a friend there once that he might see what we could boast of, and when we had driven to the end of the settled district he completely bowled me over by the question, " How much further to Sandgate ?" The fact is the place is so small that if all the population were gathered together in one of your large Sydney churches the parson would have a right to complain of empty benches. There is a long line of cottages, a store or two, a post-office, a couple of hotels, and some boarding houses on the edge of the bank, which is dignified by the name of cliff, and then Sandgate is exhausted. And the line is very straggling and broken by too many vacant allotments. That is not the worst. Only by the wildest stretch of imagination could you discover anything picturesque or beautiful in the outlying scenery. Moreton Island opposite is something for the eye to set upon, but it is a very prosaic island at the best, with its monotonous outline and huge patches of white sand on its side instead of at its feet. I suspect if all the poetry, so called, that has been written about Sydney harbour could be piled in a heap, Sydney would require no more waste paper for a couple of years. Nobody ever pumps up the raptures of verse upon Sandgate. It may not be unwept or unhonoured, but it certainly is unsung. At high water you may take out your note-book and deliver yourself of a stanza or so ; but as the tide recedes (which the shore being level for a mile out, it does with disgusting rapidity) an unmitigated expanse of shining mud greets the fervid, eye just as far as it can reach right and left. A better beach for the manufacture of mud-pies you could not have, or a worse for promenaders. There may be a measure of delight in paddling bare-legged in slush, but a little of it goes a long way. Still, there are two passages afar oft-one at either end of the island, opening into the ocean, and you do get the required ozone ; you do get the white-maned waves in rough weather; you do get bathing when the tide is at its height. These are considerations, no doubt, and even delicious to those who are unable to get better and know how to make the most of things. Nature, in short, has done little for Sandgate, and the hand of man has done less. The property is in the possession of people who are always waiting for Government to assist them. Private en- terprise any time during the past ten years might have done wonders. An esplanade might have been laid out, shade- trees planted, boating encouraged by the purchase of at least a couple of boats for the use of visitors, half-a-dozen jackasses or ponies put on the terrace for the children, and bathing-machines introduced, say nothing of decent bathing-houses. These simple investments would have paid, and would have developed the place. But no. The persons who should have done this have put their hands into their pockets in quite another manner, and opened their mouths to see what Government would send them. They have demanded a jetty and railway, and the jetty and railway will come some day, but they would have been there long ago if Sandgate had been true to itself. What of prosperity has fallen to Sandgate has fallen in spite of neglect. That the persons most interested have tried their best to kill the goose that would lay them golden eggs, and failed, is good evidence that Sandgate is a necessity. Such, it being so near town, and so quiet and ready a retreat for business men from Friday till Monday, it will remain. Great things were once hoped of Cleveland further south. The bay which it overlooks, it was supposed, would be the harbour for Queensland bound ships. A depot was erected and a substantial jetty built, out of public funds. But the depot has gone to decay, like Ben Bolt's mill, and the jetty is used for nothing more important than an occasional promenade for a handful of visitors. Like Sandgate, Cleveland has no sandy beach, but it has prettier surroundings, and is more affected by the Smith-Smythes and Brown Brownes. Its great drawback is that it is five-and twenty miles from town by road, and prac- tically inaccessible by water. Unsuitability for boating, and a pier over a mile from the heart of the village are lesser drawbacks, but still drawbacks, and if Cleveland is not plagued with mosquitos like Sandgate after Christmas, it has more than its fair share of sand flies. The community is old enough to have made an avenue of shade trees, but as usual, nothing has been done or will be till the advent of the everlasting Government stroke. Mighty efforts are now being made to develop a seaside resort that shall surpass all other watering places, and that resort is Southport. Its alleged advantages are excellent capacities for fishing and boat- ing, nearness to the ocean, beautiful sandy beach, and a variety of excursions by land and river. The town- ship is pegged out on the strip of land directly oppo- site the Boat Passage into the Pacific, which is so near that the murmur of its surf can be heard in the calmest weather. The Boat Passage, with the southern end of Stradbroke Island as one head, and the Nerang Creek Point of the mainlund as the other, being blocked to all intents nnd purposes with a trouble- some bar, upon which there is always a tumultuous foam, it is necessary to ferry across Nerang River in order to stroll upon the ocean beach. But ferrying is always possible and easy, and the ocean is therefore practically within two hundred yards of the embryo township. There is pretty bush at the back, an abundance of bracken and fern country, several points of interest for excursion parties, and plenty of nice scrub for a score of miles along the river banks. Once across the river there is a magnificent stretch of hard galloping sand to Burleigh Heads, from which bold bluff the rocky point where New South Wales ends and Queensland begins is visible, and (Tallebridgera Creek, which is fordable, interven- ing) the magnificent sands continue to the Tweed. The distance from Brisbane to Southport is consider- able, but not too far for the leisure classes. It is a fifty and odd miles journey by road, and by Cobb and Co., you may leave Brisbane at 6 in the morning and be at Southport at 4 in the afternoon ; and with a steamer of light draught there is a charming trip through a series of waterways, with only half an hour of open bay, which should not occupy more than six or seven hours. A week since, interest in Southport having been suddenly excited by a couple of sketches in the Courier, there was a fairly successful sale of Government allotments. Next week another sale of private ground is announced, and in April yet another. Cottages are being erected, a suitable steamer is being built, and trips are being organised. Once upon a time there was equally sudden and hot enthusiasm about Sandgate and Cleveland, and land which remains to this day inviting occupiers, was eagerly purchased. Whether Southport will suffer from a similar extinguishing of interest and enterprise time only will show. Considering its superior natural advantages, it should not do so, and the probabilities are that it will not, because the want of a good seaside resort has been increasingly felt of late. It would interfere but little with Sandgate, the people's watering-place, though it would be a rival to Cleveland, and it is less plagued with insect curses than either. There is a scheme of railway in the future to run from Brisbane, through the cultivated districts, to the Tweed, and it is a promising proposal, and one that finds favour with many politicians and hard-headed men. Such a railway would be the making of Southport, and the successful creation of Southport might have an important influence, upon the establishment of the line. And there is this also to be said in favour of Southport-it would serve the holiday purposes of the inhabitants of the extensive cultivated districts around, and would to that extent be independent of Brisbane patronage. ANOTHER DEATH FROM ACCIDENT CAUSED BY DOGS. -An inquest was held at the Melbourne Hospital on Saturday concerning the death of a lad named Thomas Graham Mason, aged 13 years, who died from the effects of an accident he met with in Errol-street, Hotham. The deceased (the Argus reports) was the son of Richard E. Mason, a carpenter residing in Hotham. At about 4 o'clock on the afternoon of Tuesday, the 5th instant, he was passing along Errol street on horseback, when two dogs rushed at his horse, and by barking at the animal's heels and snap- ping at his nose caused him to throw his rider. The deceased still held on by the reins, and the horse, after dragging him twice round in a circle, slung him under the fore- wheel of an omnibus, which passed over his body. James Malcolm, hairdresser, who witnessed the occurrence, deposed that the break of the omnibus was put down, and the horses pulled, but it was impossible for the driver to stop the vehicle in time to save the lad. The deceased was taken to a neighbouring chemist, and from thence to the hospital. John Hay, the driver, of the omnibus, said that as he was driving along Errol street, he saw the deceased on horseback, but did not see him thrown. Shortly after, however, he saw the lad being dragged about on the ground by his horse, the reins of which he still grasped. The horse swung him round two, or three times, and seeing that he might come in contact with the omnibus, witness endeavoured to pull up, but was unable to do so before the lad was swung under the fore-wheel. Mr Angus Munro, resident surgeon at the hospital, deposed that when the deceased was admit- ted he was suffering from severe shock. His right collar-bone was broken, there were bruises on each side of the spine and on the outer side of the right eye, and his left thumb was lacerated. He rallied somewhat after admission, but subsequently complained of severe internal pain and became delirious. He died on the afternoon of the 8th. Sergeant Ellis stated that one of the dogs which ran at the horse had been pointed out to him, but he had been unable to fix the ownership. Both dogs were without collars. The jury returned a ver- dict-"That the deceased died from injuries acci- dentally received by being thrown from his horse in consequence of the horse being attacked by dogs in Errol-street, and by being dragged under the wheels of an omnibus." The following rider was added :-" The jury acquit the driver of the omnibus of all blame ; but they would call the attention of the Hotham Town Council to the fact that ownerless dogs are allowed to run about the streets to the danger of life." PERSONATING A PRIEST.-The Yass Courier has the following :-A little over a week ago, a Catholic in the Binalong district, who is well known for his hospitality and liberality to his Church, was surprised to see a gentleman on foot dressed in the garb of a priest approaching his house. Fatigued and thirsty after a ten mile walk over moun- tains, as most persons would be on a hot summer's day, the host, and in this instance victim, opened the parlour door into which, upon his arrival, the poor tired stranger ushered himself as " Father O'Brien,'' a missionary in aid of funds for a church in the old country, A little B. and S" which was at once given to refresh and put new life into his " reverence," only tendered, as would naturally be supposed, to add to the already eager appetite created by the ten-mile tramp, and it need scarcely be said that the best in the house was soon placed before the visitor, in order that he might satisfy his inner cravings. As the meal went on the stranger got more at ease, and it became necessary that he should give some reason for finding himself where he then sat, Dr. Vaughan was an intimate friend of his. He had travelled through the other colonies, and the Southern and Western districts of this beautiful land, and before he could go through the Goulburn diocese he had first to get per- mission from the Bishop of Goulburn, where he spent several days. There was not a priest that could be named that he did not know in the Goulburn district, and many of them he knew at home. He had can- vassed Goulburn and other parts of this district with great success, and was on his way to Cootamundra, where he knew he would be well rewarded. He asserted that when he got to Bowning his buggy had broken down, and as he could not wait, he left it there to be mended, and took a seat on the coach as far as Bogolong, at which place he was put on the road to Binalong, and from Bogolong he had walked to where he had the good fortune to be then sitting. It was his strong desire to reach Binalong to catch the 8 o'clock train. The worthy host believed not only from the appearance of the person that he was a priest, but also every word that he said. Dinner being over, and the cool breeze of evening indicating that the heat of the day had passed, the quasi priest expressed his intention to resume his journey, and remarked that in consideration of the hospitality he had received, he could not think of taking a farthing in aid of the fund, of which he was the custodian ; he would therefore bid his friend farewell and express his thanks, &c.; The host could not think of allowing a clergyman of his church to walk seven or eight miles across a wild bush to the railway station at Binalong. So the guest had to sit down again, and, take another little B and S., while the servant brought the best horse in the stable saddled to the door for him, and then the host must needs go in with him to Binalong ; and lucky indeed it was he did so, or he might have bidden farewell to his horse, for after leaving his reverend friend at Binalong, the next thing he heard of him was that he was arrested as an impostor, at one of the places at which he called. A GHOST.-The Goulburn Herald gives the follow- ing ghost story;-Lately there has been some excite- ment amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom go off in parties, with guns, &c;, to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Here an apparition is said to make its appear- ance in the form of a light and to travel, sometimes very slowly, and frequently very quickly, from the river bank just below, up to and around the house, then varying the performance by a run among the trees. This is said to be kept up from an early hour in the evening until about 3 in the morning ; all endeavours to get near the light are said to prove futile. On Monday evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated on Church-hill to view the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is considerable. The residents of the Old Township and near the range are satisfied that there is no practical joke about the affair. CHAMPION FOOT RACE.-The Maitland Mercury states that the only reply received to the challenge of R. F. Watson to run Applett of Forbes, Carver of Moree, or any other man in the colonies, in Maitland, 200 yards, for £200 or upwards a-side, has been an advertisement signed by Applett, accepting the challenge on condition that the race takes place in Sydney, and that his expenses are allowed. It is not likely (our contemporary says) that our local man will accept those terms, as it is not to be expected that he would be willing to pay Applett's expenses to come to Sydney, and also have to pay his own expenses to go there and meet him. 