®UkwsMiw g^&erfeet.; Satit.dav. April 27, 1S78. \ ictoria is ones more pregnant with a new constitution, and for the third time within five and twenty years. On the last occasion. 1855, Parliament was split up into two houses—one for the representation of wealth, the other for the representation of capital. Hitherto tins business had been carried on under one roof by a parliament called the Legislative Council, partly elected and partly nominee, the latter interest being predominant and the representative members mere ciphers, the franchise being limited to about five per cent, of the population. However, after the Eureka Stockade in 1851 the oligarchy began to see that the people would no longer be*denbd ndmissiou to Parlia ment, and that possibly they might in their turn come to be predominant there, to meet which emergency the oligarchy determined to remove the nominee ele ment from all possible control, and erected it into a second chamber co equal with the Assembly, if not superior in power. Such is-the simple history of the stratagem. And will it ba credited that the so called Liberal statesmen and journalists of Victoria in their proposed schemes of reform actually propose to retain this second chamber as a leading factor in our parliamentary system. One chamber was enough when the oligarehr were supreme, hut now that the people would be supreme in one chamber we are to have two. "We most emphatically protest against such leaders ; they tres pass most grievously upon both the in telligence and the good nature of the working men of Victoria. We have shown that there is no precedent for two chambers tip to 1855, and we proceed to show that such an institution is not only unconstitutional, but even illoo-jeal Two chambers may be necessary under certain conditions, where there lias been a confederacy entered into between two or more independent states or kingdoms the second chamber for the sake of unity being conceded as a guarantee against the numerical preponderance of indivi dual states. But it will be seen that in such a case the federation has been pur chased at the cost of sacrificing the re presentation of population to the repre sentation of minorities. Tho three king doms. the Swiss cantons, and the United States are confederations of the class referred to. But Victoria is not. part of a confederacy, but a unit in which the interests of all are equal, and never can be otherwise, unless we ourselves estab lish the inequality by titles of distinc tion, and the voluntary and culpable creation of landed and legislative mono polies. Our Legislative Council is the most perfect embodiment of the repre sentation of minorities known to history. We defy its advocates, be they Liberals or Conservatives, to step forward and defend its existence. It is a enrb, they say, on hasty legislation. A mere sub terfuge—a meaningless phrase. In point of fact the masses are too lethargic and too inert to be easily moved, even when their dearest interests are at stake. It means class legislation, the representa tion of men in the Assembly and sheep in the Council. Let the advocates of two chambers admit it. We defy them to show any other reason. Much has been said both here and in England against-extending the power of the masses to anything like supremacy in the State, and it is this cowardly feeling amongst well to do Liberals which has been the curse of democracy : for, most unfortunately, as we think, it is this very class which the working men will insist upon returning to Parliament in prefer ence to members of their own order. At the hustings the voice of the people is strong and unmistakable, but thence forward it becomes small and beautifully less. It was potent at the May elections, but siuothered during the Mrxp.o and Lyei.i. compromise. The great seeth ing glowing heart of the nation is not, we regret to say. much heard after an election, except through the crust of petty capitalists and respectabilities which the working classes sent to Par liament, and who distrust the working classes nearly as much as the Council distrusts them. Who soeloquent against the drunken loafer or the insidious com munist as Lowe for instance. Yet the great Reform Bill of 1832 and house hold franchise in 1867 refuted every calumny which had been advanced against the working 'classes ; for at no period has property been safer or more profitable than it is in England at this moment. The very name of anarchy has (alien out of use. Peace, tranquillity, obedience to law, and a glowing patriot ism distinguishes the working classes of Great Britain in 1S78 beyond anv other period of her history. What then can be said of those soi-disant Liberals and wooden-legged journalists who propose handicapping the vox populi of Victoria with a co-equal chamber called a Coun cil, resting upon a paltry minority in that nation. Of all oligarchies, that founded upon a representation of mino rities is the most tyrannical and obnoxi ous. and the Council, as we have before said, is a pure embodiment of the theory. Many rival programmes are before the country—that of the Ayr. the Assembly, and the Council itself, all of which em brace the dual chamber. ’ Is not this warning sufficient ? Be up and at work electors of Victoria. The public meeting is the old and time-honoured parliament of the peoplp. Front every hamlet and city throughout the land send forth yonr unmistakable fiat on the new constitu tion. No more hole and corner nego ciations by Mcxp.o and Lyell. One chamber on the broad foundation of equality and justice is the signal for action, and our families and our de scendants expect that every man will do The dredge Alligator came down the river last Thursday, and is moored off the Dock entrance. The vessel has several good months work cut out for her in the removal of the large accumulation of silt both oppor site the dock and patent slip. The child that so mysteriously disappeared and created an immense sensation some few months back was found last night, sitting on Krakowski's doorstep magnetised and drawn from her long hiding place by the extraordinary brilliancy of that gentleman's magnificent pier glasses. A young man named Collins, residing in Footscray, made a jump at eternity on Satur day last, and suffered considerably by the adventure. He was proceeding homeward from Melbourne by the last train, when he fell asleep and was carried past the station. When near Yarraville he recovered his lost reckoning, and finding how matters stood jumped out of the carriage, getting his face severely lacerated and his arm bruised by the heavy fall. t Footscray does not appear to] have quite recovered from the holidays. A special meet ing of the Borough Council called for Thurs day lapsed through want of a qnogum •„ and a meeting of the newly- formed committee oi the Benevolent Society had also to be post poned owing to the smallness of the attend ance. In connection with the latter we are requested to state that a meeting will be held at the Mechanics’ Institute on Tuesday night at eight o’clock, at which ladies and gentle men already on the committee and any ono willing to join in the good work are invited to atteiid. The anniversary of the Sunday school as sociated with the Wesleyan church in Wil liamstown, Was celebrated on Sunday last, when special services, conducted by Mr Pybus of Chewton, were held. A tea and public meeting on Tuesday evening also took place, over which the Bev. E. King presided. A report was read showing that though many families had during the year left the district the attendance at the school was increasing and accomplishing the work lor which it was established. The collections made will pro bably augment its funds to the amount of £.'20 after all expenses are defraved. During the evening several clergymen addressed the meeting, and Mrs Deni {nee Hiss SpringbaL!) was presented with a iouvenir in memory of her long association with the school, foj which a suitable reply waa made, The ordinary monthly meeting of the Wyndham Council will take place on Mon day next at the usual hour. There were five births and five deaths registered at William: ,.wn during the week which ended on 13th April ; and at Foots cray, eight births and three deaths. The tenders for the new wooden bridge across Stony Creek in a line with Hvde street, Footscray, will be received up to the Sth May. An election to fill the vacancy in the Board of Advice, Footscray, will take place on the 14tli May. The nominations will be received on the previous day. The Rifle elubfwill fire the fifth match for the handicap trophy and the third match for the Borough Council trophy at the local butts this afternoon. The first squad falls in at one o’clock. Yesterday surveyors were busily engaged in plotting out the ground for the new rifle ranges at Altona, North Williamstown. It is intended to hold tue next annual rifle as sociation matches on the site of the new A revision court was held at Footscray on Wednesday, and the supplementary roll for Footscray division of central province for the Legislative Council was certified to as correct. The addition contained four names. Mr J. Harris's sale of laud in Footscray, postponed from Saturday last, owing to the Eight Hours’ Anniversary, will take place to-day, at three o’clock, on the ground, Whitehall-street. The annual meeting of the members of the Mechanics’ Institute, Williamstown, will take place on Monday evening next, at which Born (^important business is to be dis cussed, and it is therefore hoped that a larger attendance than usual will be present. An interesting public meeting is announced to take place at the Mechanics’ Institute, Williamstown, this evening, at eight o’clock, the object of which is to establish a sailors' rest and coffee tavern. The com mittee wish the sympathy and support of those who desire to see a class of men whose life is one of privation and hardship have an institution of their own, in which they can spend a few pleasant hours with out the temptations of which but too often they are the victims. We have much pleasure in informing our leaders that the services of an able corres pondent have been secured for the forth coming Paris International Exhibition, so that we will be in a position to give a full account of the world’s great show. The gentleman in question has had considerable experience as an expositor, and possesses a reputation in the field of letters. As a speci men of his agreeable style of correspondence his letter to us prior to leaving New York for the almighty fair appeal's in another column. ' The second winter entertainment under the auspices of the Williamstown temperance ■societies was held on Saturday evening last at the hall in Electra-street. There was a large attendance, and the evening was passed in the rendering of songs and recitations. A novelty in the form of a panorama was in troduced, showing faces familiar in the locality, as well as those of the Maori chief tains. Mr G. A. Rees gave a short biography of the warlike natives of New Zealand as they appeared on the scene. An illustration •of the Bay, in which, amongst other ships, was observed the Nelson and Cerberus was ■also exhibited. Some time ago we were induced through the numerous complaints of subscribers at not receiving their papers to offer a reward •of £5 on conviction of the petty thief or thieves, and took occasion at tha same time to scold and lecture our little “ devils ” on the heinousness of neglecting even a blind reader. The scurvy pilfering abated for a little, but with all our efforts to ensure de livery and detect the culprits, the “ We didn’t ■get our ’2’iser on Saturday " is again on the increase. From the precautions taken it is ■certain that the shortcoming lies not at the ■door of onr imps, but to the early coming of imps.*making hot haste to their “father,” and who will not let other people’s property Eie at their doors. We can hardly think that the larceny is that of other than speculative larrikins, who take this mean method of turning a penny to their own pockets and -earning an honest livelihood ; for surely no grown-up person would be guilty of such ■contemptible plundering. If there is any one within the .-area of circulation who is too poor to afford to pay for a paper, we will supply him gratis on satisfactory proof of his inability being produced. If there is any one too miserable to spend a penny, his word will be accepted and an extra copy printed specially for him. But if there' be these who are too proud to beg and not too honest to steal,or too mean to buy and men dacious enough to borrow without leave, it is to be hoped they will take this warning. We do not wish it, but the wronged unap peased ghosts of all the poor little newsboys ■who were ever blamed for not leaving a paper may yet ride in vengeance on their liver and pelt their ink-stained souls with missing copies 1 It is pitiful to be compelled to repeat such a complaint about the sneak ing littleness of some natures, but in our foyrn and in the .interest of those who look in vain for their paper we are compelled to ■draw attention to the systematic robbery. The matter has again been referred to Sub kuspector Lamer; ami we trust this para graph will catch the eyes of the takers while yet they have time to betake themselves to honesty and before they are caught by the police. ' If you want a Costume at a reasonable price, without the “ worry ” of Dressmakers, •call at Edwin Geach’s, 1-19 and Ml Bourke ■street (opposite Eastern Arcade), and inspect his STOCK, where you can be suited from T2s 9d to 84s. Patterns by post. N.B.— Sewing Machines of all kinds on Sale; also Sought, Exchanged, and Repaired. The Preservation or Health is a iDuty.—God gave us our bodies to be sus tained and fostered, not to be neglected and abused. Disregard of the means of preserv ing health, a neglect of the warnings of ap proaching disease, is a species of suicide. (Maintain tie vigor of the body by an observ ance of the law's of hygiene'; hut if this is nut sufficient to keep up tjie proper standard bf'health and strength, you will find a most powerful auxiliary in Udolpiig Wolfe’s Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps. Holloway’s Ointment and Pills.—It is admitted by every one who has personally fried these noble remedies for any eruptions, sores, ulcers, bad legs, Ac., or who have wit nessed their purifying and healing effects on others suffering from such maladies, that nothing more can be desired than these medicaments possess. The •Ointment relaxes the swollen muscles, diminishes inflamma tion, assuages'pain, and even alleviates dan gerous maladies which may have lasted for .months; or even years. Holloway’s excel lent preparations are effective singly, resist less in combination, and have been recom mended by grateful pntients'to be sought as the alternatives when all other means of re gaining health have failed. Their action is temperate, not violent qr reducing. 