CENTRAL ILLAWARRA. Municipal Council. Saturday, 30th November. Full Council. Correspondence inwards was as follows:— From John Blackman, suggesting to the Council that as the name of "Charcoal," as given to the neighborhood in which the Council Chamber is situated, is "an ugly thing of the past," being a blackfellow name, it should, in honor of W. W. Jenkins, Esq., be changed to Berkeley town. The present name "savored too much of Cockneyism," and should not be continued, through the great liberality of Mr. Jenkins, the place known as Charcoal had improved to a great extent, including as it now did busy manufactories, a stately Public School, a handsome Council Chamber, and a number of neat cottages, not forgetting a Post office, of which it could boast lor several years past. All these improvements were due to the generosity of Mr. Jenkins, who had given the sites for the Council Chamber, the Pnblie School, and the Rornau Catholic and Presbyterian Schools. Snch being the facts, the place should now be named 'Berkeley town, ' in honor of that gentleman. From the Roads Department, stating that the roads in the Borough could not be surveyed any wider.than they were now, but that the Council liad the power to keep them at their present width. , From D. and F. Rankin, offering to sell the Council several pieces of timber at 15s. per 100 feet. , From E. H. Weston, rominding tho Council that when he consented to tlie opening of the North Tongarra Uoad through his land, ho did so on condition that a suitable gate should bo erected on, the said road at each of his boundary lines where it passed through his lar.d, also that tho Council should guarantee to indemnify him in any loss he might sustain through such gates being left open at any time. Mi-. Bartlett threatened' to impound his (Mr. Weston's) stock should thoy get on to his land through tho gates referred to. Under such circumstances, unless the Council would give him the guarantee required, he should not consider the otter he had made with regard to the road binding. Alderman Smith reported the receipt of 46 volumes of books from W. W. Jenkins,. Esq., being that gentleman's second such donation to tlio Freo Library. Alderman Thompson reported with reference to slight repairs to Kaveny's and Hore's Roads. The correspondence and Reports were received. In roply to Alderman Brown, the Mayor stated there was an amount of about £200 of rates yet unpaid, and that the balance, at the Bank was about nil. A Finance report for sums amounting to £104 Is, 6d. was adopted, the chief items being £59 17s. 6d. for Ghost Bridge and £30 011 account for work on Five Island Road. Moved by Aldermen Brown and Thompson and carried — ' That a specification be prepared and tenders invited to the next meeting for forming and ^repairing the newly proclaimed piece of the Marshall Mount Read, including a now crossing at the creek.' ~ 1 ' Moved by Alderman Brown, and seconded .by Alderman Evans--' That a specification be pro pared and tondors invited to next meeting for forming and gravolling or metalling portions, of Cleveland Road.'' , After Aide 'moil Jenkins,' Richards, O'Donnell, 1 and the Mayor had opposed the motion, chiefly 011 the ground that No. 3 Ward had already had j more than its sliaro of expenditure, and Alderman j Brown had replied, contending that No. -.3;;. Ward had notyi't had its proper duo. of money from tho Council, the resolution was carried 011 division; ; Aldermen' Brown, Smith, Evans, Thompson, and Griffin, constituting the majority.' % _ ,f._. ? Moved by Alderman Brown, seconded by- Alder, man Thompson,' and carried — That a specification, be prepared.: and . tenders , invited ; for ... repairing Puine's Road.' ? ? A motion in the name of Alderman Brown, with referenco to a tracing of the road through Georgo Brown's -»rant of 500 acres, was withdrawn. - Moved by Alderman Brown— ' iliat tno uo- | verninent bo applied to for the remaining portion of the Mount Kembla Reserve to be granted to this Coun'cil'as a place for public recreation.' He said that there liad been a reserve of 240 acres on Mount Kembla,- ; but that it boing thrown open to selection: a fow years ago, with the excoption of 40 acres, there was now only|the latter area undis posed of. i He was in hopes that the 40 acres in cluded the crown of Monr.t Kembla, but on looking over tho maps, I10 now feared such was not the case. It had been a great oversight ou the part of tho Government that stich places at the tops of Mount Kembla and Mount Keira had not been re served for public recreation purposes. : Alderman Richards seconded the motion, which was carried , , , , , . Moved by the Mayor, seconded by Alderman Griflin, and carried— ' That a specification be prepared and tondors invited to next meeting for. spreading.;; the. .broken metal where required be tween Kembla Corner and Charcoal.'. f Moved by, Alderman Smith— ' That tho motion which was moved by Alderman Smith, seconded by \lderman O'Donnell, and carried, at the meet in' held 011 the 27th July last, touching tho trans fer of tho sum of £15 'from the' Municipal deposit at the E. S. and A. C. Bank to a separate, account, iV.c., bo niid is hereby rescinded.'' Alderman' Brown, in seconding the motion^ pointed out that a resolution previously passed by the Council answered the purposes for which the 0110 about to bo rescinded was intended. Motion carried. Moved by tho Mayor, seconded by Alderman Thompson, and carried — ' That the report of tho custodian of the Free Library, as to the donation of forty-six volumes of books by W. W. Jenkins, Esq., be received, and a vote of thanks awarded to that gentleman by the Council.' Moved by Alderman Smith, seconded by Alder man Brown, and carried — 'That the Council go into Committee of the Whole, to consider the letter of the Council Clerk and the Minute from tlio Mayor, which were received and read at tho last meeting, and in connection therewith to deter mine whether tho duties of the chair are satisfac torily performed by the present Mayor.' The Council having gone into Committee, tlio letter and minute referred to in tho motion were read, after which Alderman Smith made a long series of charges against the Mayor for dereliction of duty in one way and other. Alderman Brown found fault with the Mayor in two or three respects, not in the way of cen sure, but of suggestions. All tho other Aldermen in effect vindicated the Mayor against tho charges of Alderman Smith, and expressed their approval of his conduct on the whole since he had been in the chair. The Mayor, in speaking to the charges, attri buted the action of Alderman Smith in the matte}' to that gentleman's peculiar temperament, which he said was well known. Alderman Smith, in reply, said he had been in sulted by the Mayor, who called him ' an old fool' and a ' hedgehog.' T The following resolution was moved by Alder man Richards and seconded by Alderman O'Don nell — 'That the charges against the Mayor, as embodied in the resolution before the: meeting, aro totally uncalled for, and that tho .Council approves of the Mayor's actions during his Mayoralty.' Alderman Brown said he would, liavo. to oppose the motion, as it expressed approval, of all the actions of the Mayor since ho had been in the chair, a thing ho could not do, however much he might exonerate the Mayor in some respects. The resolution was carried, Aldermen , Smith and Brown voting against it. The Council then resumed, and tho resolution carried in Committee having been reported, 'it was adopted by the Council. Tenders were then disposed of as follows : — For Librarian. — Letitia Richardson, £3 10s. per quarter ; Minnie Bow, £12 per annum ; Thomas Burton Smith (accepted until first meeting after next Municipal election), £9 per annum. ? For first section of work 011 Cordeaux Road, tho tender of Michacl Moran, for £13 10s., was accepted, and for the second section that of Martin Moran for £8. Fresh tenders were ordered to be called for shelving for the Library. , , - . This concluded the business. . 