THE AUSTRALIAN CRICKETERS IN ENGLAND. [From Intercolonial Papers.] THE LEICESTER MATCH. Hill, July 18. We left Manchester on Sunday, the 14th Inst,,! and after a five hours' trip by rail arrived at Leicester about eight p.m. Several gentlemen connected with the county club met us at the railway station and escorted us to the White Hart Hotel, where, over a glass of wine, they gave us a most cordial welcome to their pleasant town. On Monday morning at 11 o'clock we started for the ground, which is about two miles from town. It is, perhaps, the largest cricket enclosure in the world, for the playing portion is more than half a mile round, while that set apart for practice is quite the size of-most grounds in Melbourne or Sydney. I learn that a company purchased the land about two years ago at a cost of £13,000, and that an expenditure of about £7,000 was incurred informing the ground, building a good pavilion, and surrounding the whole with a substantial brick wall. The wicket played beautifully true and fast right through the match, and, together with the condition of the fielding ground, reflected to the credit of the curator. Hits to the rink counted four, but the ground being so large live rains were often scored before the balls reached it. Play commenced about half-past twelve. Sankey, the Leicestershire captain, won the toss, and decided to bat. Spofforth and Allan commenced bowling to Wheeler and his captain, and the former hit the "demon's' second ball in fine style to the off for a triplet, Allan sent down a maiden, and in Spofforth's next three runs resulted. 10 was hoisted and then 20 in a quarter of an hour's play. Runs coming freely from Spofforth, Garret received him and was hit to leg for 3 by Wheeler, who treated Allan in a like manner in his next over. 40 was followed by 50 amidst great applause, thirty- five minutes from the start. Boyle took Allan's place, and Wheeler drove him to long field-on for a triplet in his first over. Allan resumed, Wee Garrett, but runs continued to come rapidly from his bowling, and when 70 appeared on the board Horan became Boyle's roofless. Despite change after change of bowling, the tens mounted up, and just before the luncheon bell rang the century was posted amid tremendous applause. At three o'clock Wheeler and Sankey resumed, against the bowling of Spofforth and Bailey, and after eleven runs had been added the former let out hard to leg at the Sydney trundler, and was well caught by Boyle. The retiring batsman played a very fine innings for CO, his hitting being clean and hard, and his runs being made without giving the ghost of a chance. ' He is one of the professionals engaged at Lord's, where he is considered but a moderate batsman, and only play in second-rate matches. 1-60-113. Panter was next, and with Sankey increased the score to 152, when the latter was bowled by a yorker from Garrett, and departed after playing a steady innings for 70, made without giving a chance. 2 for 151. ? Marriott, of the Oxford University eleven, came next, but soon lost Panter, who was caught smartly in the slips. 3-20-156. Panter got his runs by some lucky snicks principally. Collier joined Marriott, and when the score stood at 167, the latter was well caught by Horan at longfield-on. 4-7-167. Parnham in hitting to leg was caught at long-stop by Garrett off Spofforth, and 5-0-107 was the state of the register as Rowdcll filled the vacancy. The new comer was bowled by Garrett for four-6 for 172 and Walker, his successor, was well caught at cover-point by Allan off Spofforth, after adding a brace. 7 for 179. Rylett contributed a quartette, and was then run out. 3 for ISO. linn Jon was bowled by Spofforth, who also sent Bishop, the last man, to the rightabout and 10 for 193 ; Collier being not out with 20 to his credit, made by careful and rather feeble cricket, The ground was very fast, and the pitch is true is the best to be found in Melbourne, and with 100 up and no wickets down, it looked as if the total would be much heavier than 193. Garrett bowled very well, securing four wickets for 30 runs, and Spofforth got five for 60. Our fielding was excellent throughout. At half-past five, C. Bannerman and Murdoch went to the wickets, to the bowling of Rylett and Ban- don, and when the stumps were drawn the score stood at 10, each batsman being not out. The weather was simply perfection, neither too hot nor too cold, and there was a vast company present, over 11,000 persons having paid for admission. At half-past twelve next day the not outs of the previous day took up their positions against the bowling of Bandon and Rylett. Murdoch cut the former splendidly behind point, and five runs were obtained. After a single was credited to Banner- man, his partner again cut Rylett beautifully for a triplet, but was shortly afterwards bowled off his thigh by Bylott for a capital sixteen. 1 for 23. Horan joined the Sydney crack, but after making a single was run out through his partner not re- sponding to a call for a ball played behind him. 2 1-29. Gregory was next on the list, and steady play ensued, each bowler being straight, and pitch- ing the balls short. When the score had reached 34, Bannerman played forward at a bumpy one from Rylett, and was caught at short slip by Bishop for 15, carefully made. 3 for 34. Garratt became his captain's comrade and commenced operations by snicking Bylott iii the slips for a quartette, which with another quartette for byes heat 40 up. After 13 runs were added Garrett slogged wildly at Bandon, and his leg stamp was sent flying out of the ground. 4-7-33. Spofforth after making 7 by streaky play was caught at short leg. in for 61. With the score unaltered Bailey was caught by Parnham at long stop off a bumpy one from Bandon, 60-ton, and supporters of Australia feeling somewhat downcast at the prospect of a follow on. Allan filled the vacancy, and, after contributing 5, was splendidly caught by Rodwell at long-off for 83-Gregory since his arrival at the crease having played sound and determined cricket. Blackburn now appeared on the scene, and the score was increased to 95 by steady play, when our captain made a wind and water hit at Parnham, and was caught at short slip by Bishop ; the stalwart New South Welshman played in his best form for 23. 8 for 95. Conway, with the Victorian keeper of the sticks kept possession of the wickets \- until the luncheon bell rang, the score then standing at lOOexactly. Afterlunolieon.lllackhamhitPani him in fine style for 4, and then a series of maidens was sent down. Blackburn cut Parnham neatly for a quartette, and played him to leg for a triplet, and then Conway, in trying a leg hit, came to grief, Bishop catching him easily at short slip. Conway, who played instead of A. Bannerman, made his 12 wins in good style. 9 for 137. Boyle, the last man, after putting 8 together, was bowled by Bylott, and Blackham carried his bat for 24, obtained without the slightest chance and in excellent style, just when they were wanted. Our innings closed at half-past three for 100 a bad total on a wicket entirely a batsman's. Rylett, who played against us at Twickenham with Thornton's eleven, bowled very well and obtained three wickets for 45. Bandon who is a fast right-handed bowler a la Ulyett got three for 39, and Parnham, a left-hander with a style of delivery liked Coates New South Wales, also took 3 at a cost of 34. At a quarter to four Sankey and Wheeler again come out on behalf of Leicester, to oppose the bowling of Spofforth and Boyle. The former batsman wrenched a muscle in his thigh while fielding, and after playing one ball from the demon trundler the pain was so severe that he had to retire, and Panter took his place. - Sixteen runs resulted in Spofforth's first and second overs, and Allan thereupon relieved him. The runs as in the first innings came very freely, and 50 soon appeared on the telegraph. When four- more were made, Panter was bowled by Bailey, who had just taken the leather from Allan. 2-32-54. The retiring batsman played a much better game than in his first innings, and was warmly applauded. Marriott was next, and was immediately caught at the wickets by Murdoch off Bailey, but the umpire gave a not out decision. Wheeler played vigorously, and with Marriott's assistance the century made its appearance on the board amid tremendous applause. Blackhall!, after several changes had been tried, went on fire (Garrett, and at his second over clean bowled Marriott with a good length ball. 2-18-107. Collier came next, and after making six was given out leg before wicket to Boyle's for 129. Parnham joined Wheeler, who was immediately caught by Blackham at mid-on, close in, off Spofforth. 5-OS-129. The departing batsman again played a really fine innings, his defence of hitting, when opportunity offered, being a treat to look at. He was greeted with a perfect storm of applause on his return to the pavilion, and it being a minute of six the stumps were drawn for the day. Again there was a very large attendance, fully 12,000 persons being present, and the weather was as pleasant as on the first day. At noon on the third day, Parnham was, ith Rodwell, appeared at the wickets to the bowling of Spofforth and Boyle. The former was caught splendidly at short slip by Gregory in ('Garrett's first over, li- 133. Walters came in only to see Itodwcll caught by Bailey at long-on off Spofforth, 7-6-135. Walters, Bylott and Baildon each made nought, and Bishop carried his bat for 10, the innings thus closing at about 1 o'clock for a total of 145. Spofforth bowled only 33 balls and took 4 wickets for 25 runs, and Blackham sent down 12 balls for 4 runs and 1 wicket, so it will be observed that his great reputation as a bowler remains untarnished. With 229 runs to get to win, C. Bannerman and Murdoch led off against the bowling of Rylett and Parnham. The crack Sydney batsman hit the former bowler for three fours in his first over, all hard off drives, and 20 soon was hoisted. Bannerman played brilliantly, driving each bowler hard and clean, principally to forward cover, and by the time the luncheon bell rang the score stood at 78, Bannerman having made 58 of that number. On resuming at three o'clock the score was raised rapidly to 93 and then Murdoch was bowled by Parnham for a well earned 24. Horan joined Bannerman, who continued to hit in splendid style, causing the tens to appear in rapid succession. Fours were the order of the day, and notwithstand- ing consultations and repeated changes 200 went upon the board, but there was very little applause on its appearance, When five more were made Banner . man was most unfairly given run out by the Leicestershire umpire, who had already failed to give Marriott out for a catch at the wicket«-2-133 -205.. Bannerman played superbly, and made his runs in two hours and a half without giving a chance. His hitting all round was splendid, and his innings altogether was quite equal to his great performance on the Melbourne ground against Shaw and other crack English bowlers, when he retired hurt with 105 to his name on the score sheet. Gregory came in and made the winning hit and the match which at one time looked altogether against us thus terminated in our favour with eight wickets to spare, Horan being 40 not out, the result of genuine cricket. Again there was a splendid attendance, fully 4000 being present, and the weather suited us to a T. As in all other places we have visited, many questions were put to us on the subject of Australia and its resources, and as usual we supplied as much information as we could. When we were passing the ladies marquee during the luncheon hour, one of its fair occupants remarked that we were quite as nice looking is the English people, and others were surprised to find that we spoke the English language. After the match, the committee of the club said good-bye to us over a bumper of champagne, and wished us every success. Leeds is about the freshest looking town we have seen in England. The red brick buildings appeared to be newly erected, and the streets were clean, well tended and broader than in most of the country towns. The White Hart Hotel is not equal to its namesake in Melbourne, but we liked it well nevertheless, and the proprietress did everything in her power to make us comfortable during our very brief stay. Scores : Lkicestkkshirk. First Innings 103 Second Innings 145 Australian Eleven. First Innings 130 Second InmngSr-Two wickets down for 210 