Talk about Agriculture. [WRITTEN FOB THE ' SYDNEY MAIL.'] WHAT THE SOIL CONSISTS OF. During that period of the world's history, when a belief in the supernatural was almost universal, and, witches and ghosts were in the ascendent, men thought very differently about nature and her operations than they do at the present time. That was the age of dire po tents, when visionary ?flaming swords, dreadful conflicts between opposing legionF, and other presages in the heavens, were supposed to fore shadow calamity to mortals or destruction to the world. 'My lord, they say, five moons were seen to -night. Four fixed; and the fifth did whirl about the other four, in wondrous motion.' ' Old men and beldams, in the streets do prophesy npon it dangerously.' In those days, the imagination ran riot, and originated wild theories and speculations on natural causes and effects. Instead of endeavouring to trace out an observed fact by patient investigation as to its cause, men were content to frame a theory of their own to account for it ; they invented laws, .as it. were, for tho .guidanoe of -nature,' instead of allowing her to arbitrate for herself. Then did astrologers retend to read~tfac fate t-f ratioiunmd individuals in tho 1 P™ . jmd the alchcraist wearied himself to discover the | f; „;',..rvil (solvent,' and the wonderful stone that was to tr-m'niutc all it touched to gold. j \ve will not- entertain our readers with these and other i fancies of science, falsely so- called, that prevailed in the | % j. ^p(,s ; but endeavour, shortly and simply, to place ' b -fore them the facts which modern chemistry has revealed j rc'iirditi!; tbe'eonstitution of material things ; — facts, be it ] J bscrved' not originating in the imagination, but such as have becil brought to light by patient and close investiga tion It i® necessary to have a clear conception of these in j ' understand the subject we have taken in hand. ° It was taught by the ancient philosophers, that all the ristine forms of matter existed in the active principles of Bpp air earth, and water; and these in bygone times, ?rere considered the four elements from which all things 6^ derived. But modern science tells quite a different tele Instead of the four ancient elements being simple bodies- that is, substances which consist of but ono kind of matter having certain properties peculiarly its own — the three iast mentioned have been shown to be compound bodies * and the first named, an effect produced by chemical action rather than a distinct principle in itself. Notwith standing the immense number and variety of the substances to be met with, in and on the surface of our globe, in the depths of the ocean, and amidst the boundless space of our atmosphere ; everything that has yet been examined by the aid of chemistry can be separated into a few simple con stituents. These last, because they have hitherto resisted all attempts of chemists to decompose them, are considered as the elementary or original condition in which matter was first created ; each element having a peculiar and distinct properties by which it may be distinguished from the rest and recognised. Altogether there have been discovered somewhere between sixty and seventy of these elements ; of which four are gases, or sub ctinres similar in their physical properties to the air we °UU1. ? ,7 ? 11 ? 11 ^ J ? ? ? J breathe ; torty-seven are uneiuuiy weu ueuiiuu. mentis , ana 1 the others are non-metallic elements, or those of intermediate j character. As an instance of what constitutes an element m the j present sense of the word, we .may take one of the simple I metals. We suppose a person takes a piece of pure gold ; he may hammer it into any conceivable shape ; he may j melt it 'in the fire ; he may even dissolve it in an acid, or com- j bine it with other metals, as silver or copper ; yet, after all ! these operations, he can recover it, unaltered in quality and undiminished in weight it is unchanged in every respect. If he could separate from it any other substance whatever, j we may be sure it would be something quite unknown to science and that it would be considered a newly discovered clement; but since he cannot do so, he looks upon gold as the original state in which that kind of matter was created, j And in this light, all those substanpes which are called elements are viewed by chemists. They are considered to ! be the original forms in which the different kinds of matter existed as they left their Creator's hands; each endowed with certain inalienable characteristics and properties that, under all conditions, are unaltered and unalter able. But this must be taken in a restricted sense.' No well-informed chemist will assert, that those substances which are now ranked as elements are absolutely so ; he knows that his proofs are only of a negative character, and he assumes tli'em to be the simple forms of matter, because - in the present state of his knowledge he is unable to demon strate that they are not so. Already there are grounds for suspecting the real constitution of some of the elements, and many chemists are looking forward to tho time when it can lie shown that the substances which are now considered tho elementary principles of all created things are but modified conditions of ono common form of matter. Be this as it may, we must ?accept facte as the present state of our knowledge leaves them ; and therefore we con sider that all complex material things proceed from the union of some two' 01- more of these elements as they are at present known to ; science. The bond which cements this union is a certain unseen power that causes the elementary matters, when placed together under favourable circumstances, to combine ana form a new substance in most respects widely different from the simple ingredients of which it consists. A piece of iron, for instance, when exposed to the air, soon becomes covered with rust, especially if the air be moist. This is caused by the oxygen, which constitutes one-fifth part in bulk of our atmosphere, uniting or combining with the iron and forming a new substance, the rust, or oxide of iron, as chemists call it. The power which seemingly draws the two elements (oxygen find iron) , together and retains them in a new form, is called chemical affinity. E veiy element is subservient to this influence, and has a tendency to unite, with others in a greater or less degree of intensity. Pure gold or silver, when exposed to air, never rusts or tarnishes, like iron ; because the affinity of oxygen for these metals is very feeble. Into whateyer combinations the elementary bodies enter, it must be clearly understood, that tho individual properties which distinguish them cannot be changed ; and although the character of the compound may be, and generally is, of ft totally different nature from any of the materials compos ing it, the individual atoms of each element concerned in its formation canneither be.altered nordestroyed. The various transformations that are constantly taking place in nature' aro brought about by the play of the affinities ' between the elementary atoms of which matter consists, as they enter into new combinations and assume other forms. All nature —-the whole material world — is in a 6tate of perpetual change. The living animal and tho growing plant collect from various sources the materials for their support, the dead urease and the rotting plant yield up these substances in their ele- ncntary forms, to enter into new combinations, and thus carry on .the ever- varying cycles of existence. 'We ' have every reason to believe, tliat from the period when the JUinighty first called our world into being, not one particle of its substanoe has been lost, not a single atom has since been created. ?' All the changes that are incessantly mani fested to our senses are the results of natural causes operat «n (^®ererit forms of matter, in obedience to what we call nature's laws ordained by the creator when He lormed the world out of nothing. The changes caused by this mingling together of the elements are numberless, and often very striking. Gases, viewless as air,' form liquids and even solid matters — wiids are converted into gases and liquids— substances, rasteless or deyoid of scent in a separate state, become acrid r Pungent to the senses when combined. In short, so. numerous and varied, and at the same time so unexpected, ? often contradictory, are the changes produced by nemical affinity, that we can do little more than allude to Th ttLe limits prescribed to us. lhe degree pf chemical action exercised by bodies on one for ft t 18 e.xtBemely varied, and so also is the time required ac^on 40 ^e place. . In some instances, many days, vi m .°r 6Ven years Pa8S away before the efforts become sub/6' su°k k® the natural decay of animal and vegetable ostances ; the disintegration of rocks and their conversion ? by the action of our atmosphere (called of 1 ox'^a^on iron, «nd still more so csM j ? copper, which are all chemical pro Jv~f? ^d instances of tne slow effects of chemical action, tne other fond, effervescence, caused by tlie escape of a combustion, and explosion, show how suddenly chemi acbon sometimes take place. Increase of temperature audi 6Vfin sun^=!lt- frequently promote chemical union, state f (iases 't is necessary that each body should be in a division: thus, two solids combine with . ^tty— a solid and a fluid more easily — and two fluids form Ji grater facility. We select a few, easily }jer nohl experiments, for the purpose of exhibiting the j?' effects of chemical action, lone P\i s -M-Mhanical mixture . Into a phial about 6 inches iron fit' ? 811 -liamet®r put, first, some copper or ' secondly, some chalk or whitening; next, denrfH watfr! apd, lastly, oil. These being of different will r™' 611 ®avin6 no chemical affinity for each other, Ern* o 6e£ara^?i however much the phial may be shaken, intn V ptentical mixture. Instead of oil, pour gently nitric acid (aquafortis). This will be seen to th° ?U1Ca^y th® metal, chalk and water ; convert El* , into a bluish, homogeneous mass. vce _,P' '? Effect of heat in promoting chemical action. If n0 °f sulphur against a small bar of cold iron, *'hitfl Ih Pnxl'uced ; but if we bring the iron to a ., and' tnen j apply the sulphur, the two will unite TV „ m P8- 'which may be received in a basin of water. ^su^P^latG i1-011) 'willbti found to be 4\. Two liquids form a tola. Put into a small 'tumbler 'a ~few spoonsfull of a saturated solution (as much as water will dissolve ) of chloride of lime, and add, drop by drop, sulphuric acid (oil of vitriol.) The mixture, when stirred with a glass rod, will be converted into a white and neariv solid mass. Exp. 5. Tu o solids form a liquid. Put into a mortar (a sauccr may serve the same purpose), equal quantities of sulphate of soda and nitrate of ammonia. Those substances when rubbed together will gradullv become liquid. Exp. 6. Change of colour. Wake a very weak (almost colourless) solution of sulphate of copper (blue-stone), and add to it liquid ammonia (spirit of hailsliorn) ; it will be come of a beautiful blue colour. Exp. 7. Change of smell. Rub together on a boanl a small piece of lime and an equal quantity of sal-ammoniac (muriate of ammonia). Neither separately have any smell ; but when combined they emit a very powerful odour of smelling salts. Exp. 8. Combustion caused by chemical union. Mix to gether a little powdered white sugar and chlorate of potash, of themselves they do not chemically combine ; but when touched with a drop of sulphuric acid, their union will be shown by a most vivid combustion. These experiments will suffice to show some of the various phases exhibited by chemical union. 