Mil. W./V. M. Cooks, Crown Lands Com missioner for thopastorol district of Murrum bidgce, 111 purauíuico of provious notification, hold á. Court of Appraisement at tho Court* houso, Tumut, on Monday last, whon the following runs were dealt with:—Adjinbilly (VV. K. Smith), annual rent, £30 ; Black Jack (Macartney and Rolfe), £20 j Blowering (Bcggs and Norman), £10; Brungle (Uankin Bros.), £10 ; Cavan (J. F. Castle), £5G ; Gobragandra (W. Atkinson), £30 ; Gooroo maregong (G. M'Donald), £10; Garnnjngo wall (Mrs. Howe), postponed ; Jeremiah (W. K. Smith), £15 ; Little River (S. Ryrie),£40 ; Narrangroo (L. Rocho), £10; Numeraekay* (R. Blackwood), £85; Nottingham Forest* (F. Jenkins), £50 ; Pimbiyon (T. IT. Bear), £27; Spring Creek (Kiloy Sons), £14 ; Tal bingo (Sarah Lampo), £15 ; Tacinus (Rees Jones), £10; Tumut Plains (Brown and Harris), £12; Wagrababily (\V. L. Smith), £10; Bombowlce (Lîankin Bros.),£10 ; Wco jaspa (A* M'Bcan), £35. In the case of Tal binga South run, the lessee objected to tho appraisement of the Commissioner, and ap pointed Mr. E. G. Brown as arbitrator, and Mr. E. W. Turner acted as umpire. The annual rent was finally settled at £15. Tho costs of arbitration amounted to £10 10s. Tho rent for the runs marked with asterisks was considerably increased by tho Commis sioner. Concerning the Kelly gang our (virtus) special reporter telegraphs from Wangaratta that tbo movements of tho police aro purposely kept as secret as possible for obvious reasons. It is stated, however, that a strong party of, police was sent out from Wangaratta during j Motley night, to follow, it is supposed, some freshclue. Tt may bo mentioned that unless the Kellys and il>mV accomplices surrender to-day (luesday) in obedience iu „,ITri. nions issued by the Chief Justice on the 4th instant under the Felons' Apprehension Act, they will be at once outlawed. Anyone may then shoot them down with impunity, or may arrest them without any other summons ; and any ono who harbours or assists them will be liablo to arrest and imprisonment for 15 years. Mr^M'Ilbaith, tho leader of tho Opposi tion in Queensland, addressed the electors of Mulgravc on Saturday last. Ho said that a provincial separation of the colony was ab solutely nccessary for its prosperity, and he denounced tho way in which Ballard was allowed to make tho railways. He received a voto of confidence by a large majority. Dubing his specch at tho Mayoral banquet on Saturday Mr. Berry, in responding for tho Ministers, said :—"Never let us forget for a moment that this colouy of Victoria is the hoart of Australia ; not only tho heart, but the brain. It is hero that all movements will take their rise, and it is Victoria which will givo tho law to tho whole of Australia. (Hear, bear, and laughter,) Victoria, with bor lines of railways and subsidised steamers to England, will draw the traffic of entiro Australasia to Melbourne, and Melbourne miist bo the supreme commercial city. (Cheers.) In Victoria wo have a true demo cracy. Here we rise above local circum stances and class interests; and it is to a: broad and wise democracy that tho future of Australasia must bo given. Any citizen of Victoria might be proud of tho intelligent work beforo him; ond tho mission in which lie was bound to take part ; for a Government, no--matter-how much-it was abused, mis judged, and misrepresented, to be in » position with all the might and forco of Parliament, and with all the strength which a strong Government had to urge on the progress of Victoria or tho federation of Australia, had before it a mission which not only would tax 'all its energies, but satisfy the ambition of the most, ambitious man in this part of the world." That frolicsomo man (says the Melbourne Herald) who has for some |time been per sonating a ghost, has now made his appear ance at Kcw, and, as usual, frightens every unfortunate woman lió comes across. Ono man who met hiin, not having much fear for such an unearthly apparition, bravely laid hold of him, but he eventually got off. Various rumours are afloat as to his reasons for going about in this disguiso, some assort* ing that it is a bet for a largo sum of money, to bo won after a six months' impersonation of ghosts. The Victorian Assembly met on Wednesday afternoon, but nothing was done. The Government proposed an alteration-in the sessional orders to allow the Houso to sit on every day of tho week, and after 11 o'clock each night. ■ Mr. Gaunson commenced speak ing against time, and strangers were ordered to withdraw. They wore soon re-admitted, but tho whole of two hours before tho private bill business was called on were occupied in talking against time, personal explanations, and personalities. Mr. Berry stated ho wished to prorogue on Tuesday. It ' is rumoured that His Excellency the Governor declines to grant a dissolution, and this is borne out by a remark of tho Ministor for Works in his speech to-night. Ho said that if the £5000 Embassy voto was refused by both sides of tho House, tho Governor might grant a dissolution; and lio invited tho Opposition to propose a motion. Several yery disorderly scenes occurred during the dobato on the vote. Interruptions were frequent, and tho proceedings were very noisy. 1 : On Wednesday the Mansfield murders were referred to in the Victorian Assombly. Mr.. Berry, in reply to a question, said thoro.was, nothing before him demanding inquiry, and he belioved the police were carrying out their duty." * * Tub Melbourne correspondent óf the IFarr nambool Guardian writes:—They tell a capital story of a Sydney gentleman who caino over to see tho Cup. It appears that ho had a lot of money on it, and that ho intended to be on tho course early to lay off, &c.; j but# as evil chance would have it, ho got among a few choice spirits, human and alcoholic, on Mon day evening, and went to bed somewhere—ho know not whero—just as tho sun was glancing over tho hills in the morning, and that with out undressing. Ho slept tho sleep of the overcome, but at lust was woke up, after a shaking by a waiter in tho hotel, who thought ho was suffering under congestion of the brain or something of that kind. " Bless me !" he cried, when ho at last awoko to consciousness, " why did you not call mo earlier ? It's day-, light 1" "Call you earlier," cried tho waiter, " I might as well call up one of tho seven sleepers of Ephesus. Daylight, sir ; why it's 5 o'clock." " Good heavens," roared tho sport, "the Cup's over." "And won by Calamia," replied the waiter. " You dont't mean to say so," said the Sydney man, his face beaming ; " why, I had intended to get out early to lay all the money I havo on that liorso off. Bless tho whisky 1" It is tho iirst time a spree turned out lucky. ! A telegram to tho Argtis states that a young man reported to tho St. Arnaud police on Monday evening that he hud been stuck up by four men lying in ambush, about six miles from St. Arnaud, on tho East Charlton road, all fully armed. One wore a musk, two had iron-grey horses, tho others bay horses. They told him to hold up his arms and say his prayers. Tboy then robbed him of all his valuables and £7 in cash. They let him go, cautioning him that if lio told any one they would tako his lifo. Ho reported tho circumstance to the polico about a quarter pa«t 8, and'Senior-constable Monckton and Consta1." o'iiwo imiueujatciy . eiartiug in pursuit, having, as usual, to ruu about to borrow rifles before leaving. "Auouh," of the Australasian, writes s— The Cup is over, and I duro say Mr. Do Me8t.ro and his friends will feel heartily dis gusted at ever seeing the impostor Fireboll, for had not this lightly-weighted chestnut visited Williarastown tlio probability is thut Calanm would have been almost as good u. favourite ns Melita, and tho riug men would have suffored more soverely thau thev did. This is tlio second " moral" of Mr. Cox s that has been overthrown, Importai onco having been considered such a certainty thut Robin Hood was withdrawn in Iiis favour, and the chestnut was never dangerous. Nor did Fire bell ever muko the semblance of a show in the race run on Tuesday, much to the disgust of his owner and those who had backed him on tho strength of a wonderful gallop ho per formed on the fihores of Hobson's Bay, and which, it was said, waa good enough to win any Melbourne Cup ever run, On Tuesday Firebcll was over 3 minutes 40 seconds doing tho two miles, and tho other " moral," Melitu, performed justas badly. I shall have less faith than ever in future "inoráis." À Mklbouhkk telegram of Wednesday eays :—Sir Charles Qavun Duffy's refusal to join tho embassy lma further complicated matters, although it relieves tho Ministry of an immediate diflloulty, as he was strongly objected to on all sides. Tho sitting yester day evening was extremely rowdy. Mr. Dow attacked Mr. Casey and Mr. M'jJâîu, and tho latter retorted that, if Dow was Lhtv writer of pomo of the articles in the Agf, lie was a lying scoundrel. Thoe was intense disorder lasting several hours, and non-hml business was douo. The Houso rose at 11 o'clock. ' As Messrs. Michael Lucy and Daniel Flynn were Ashing in the Murrumbidgeo lual week for cod and perch (says the Monaro Mercury) they porceivod a snake swimming across the stream. Armed with a stick, Mr. Lucy aimed a blow at the serpont as it got near Mi o hank, ! but he missed. The snake then turned up : the rirer, but it was kept in view. Ultimately ! the snako loft the wator, and was escaping across a Hat whon Mr. Daniel Flynn laid it | low, giving it the coup de grace. Mr. Flynn 1 tells us the snake, a black, measured nearly six feet in length. Mr. Patrick Ilyland skinned the snake, the skin of which is sup posed by somo to possess raro medicinal virtues. Tho snake's body was considerably I distended, and it is thought it had taken a bath to relievo itself in a measure. When oponed, in the stomach of tho serpent were found an opossum skin and bones, a green frog, sixty young snakes, and the remains of an old white " belltoppcr," the lining of which was stuffed inside with a " Vagabond's account of his doings in New Caledonia. So the good people of Mansfield kept the courthouse open all day, (says the Evening News) that the Kellys should have a fair chance of coming in and showing cause why they ßhould not be declared outlaws. When Hall, Gilbert and Co., trading under tho name of "Gardiner's Mob," were called upon to appear at Goulburn, under some* what similar circumstances, somo little amusement was created when tho crier pro* ceeded to the door, and from the top of the steps in a loud voice called out the name of oeutlemen of tho firm three times, and then, returning «nnnnnood to tho judge, who was sitting looking as U ho ¡really expecting them, "No appearance, your Honor." After a short pause, the judge said, "Let tho constable who served the summonses upon them, come forward and prove tho service," upon which it was explained to his Honor that there bad existed for some time a mutual disinclination upon the part of this firm and tho police to meet, although both were continually roam* ing the bush, so that the latte-i had hit upon the device of nailing the summonses up to trees, and thus prevent any unpleasant con« sequences that might result to cither side from a meeting. This was considered as proof of service and seutenco of outlawry duly pronounced against them, A coKHBsroNDENT informs us (Central Australian.) that, on the 29th of October, a violent dust storm, followed by thuuder and what possibly might bo termed hail, but which we should at least call mammoth hail, or an ice storm, passed over the road betweén Cobar and Hillston. The pieces were of . immense size, as may readily be 'believed when we quote our correspondent as follows : —" About twenty pieces passed through the, roof of the Sheailegs Hotel, making holes in the hark so big that a man could easily have, put his fist through them., I never, in ail experience, witnessed anything like it. It kilted fowls in numbers. Some piece weighed half-á-pound. To show what a storm of hail we had, I may say that, when it melted, about fifteen inches of water was added to the depth of a tank.'.' v, His Worship, the Mayor, of Yass has received tho following roply from the Minister of PublicWorks, m answer >to*the requisition that was sent by him ou behalf of the public meeting that was held in Yass in the early part of last September petition^ ing the Minister to have a trial survey made for a Hue of railway between Yass and Coouia " Department of Public Works, Sydney, 12th November, 1878.—Sir,—-Re ferring to your letter of the lltli September last, requesting that a trial survey be made for a line of railway from the Great Southern Line to Cooma and tho Manaro distriots, I am directed to inform you that the work has been ordered, and that three different lines are being surveyed, with the object of, ascer taining the best route.—I have, &c.;, John Rae. To his Worship the Mayor, Yass.V The Cooktown correspondent of the jFuen-' ing Nem telegraphed the following on Wed nesday last :—Captain Berlicr, óf the French Marino Infantry, has arrived at «Somerset from Noumea, en route to France. Ho has been interviewed, and has spoken in the most deprecatory terms of the conduct of "Tho Vagabond " in New Caledonia. He says.ho brought a letter of introduction ' from ' Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of New South Wales, to the French Governor, who treated him most hospitably, and gavo him every facility to go with tho troops. This gentle manly treatment was not returned^ * All he wrote was mere hearsay ; ho was never out of tho camp, and used to bribe the soldiers to afford information } but the officers, finding this out, prohibited it, saying they "would give whatever information was wauted ; but they would not allow the soldiers to bo bribed. Tho "Vagabond's" accounts dated from "tho front " wore, a sham, as ho was always miles in tho rear, and Captain Berlier believed that for his untruthful accounts of the rising h« had ere this received his cour/e. Accoediîîq to "Atlas" in tho World, f tho utility of electric lights for ocean steamers was forcibly illustrated during tho last voyage of the Faraday from, New ' íorlr. ¡ It would rseem.that. during a thick fog near the banks* ■ of Newfoundland, at 10 o'clock at night, she suddenly discovered a. largo emigrant sailing ¡ship immediately under her bow. The bril liancy of Dr. Siemens' electric light revoaled the dangorijust in timo to enable tho captain to reverso tho engines, and the two ships pas ed eauli other at a distance of a few feet. The screams of the women and children, who had hurried collected on deck, indicated tho hopelessness of tho situation in so fur us they were concerned, and it is morally certain that tho lanterns ordinarily used by transatlantic steamships would havo failed to penetrate the fog sufficiently to have mado it possible to avoid a collision, and more than a hundred lives might have been loát." , ' 