Mr. Varlcy's Services. Tho Trinity mb Bate for tho present. Air. Varloy prcachod on it last night, nnd warmly avowed its cxistcnco ; but (quite unintentionally, of course) ho emphatic ally denied tho omnipotent of tho Holy Ghost. Tho Town Hull was not so crowded as on provious occasions; and thoro was quite enough room for all tho reporters who attended. It may herd bo said, on passunt, that reporters nro not ovor-fond of thrusting thomsolves into places whoro their proBonco is not desired — whoro tho truth which thoy go to givo to tho public is sought to bo kopt from thorn. However, Air. Varloy, in the first few minutes of his discourso mado out a very good caso for tlio Trinity ; nnd it is porhaps fortunate that ho very seldom returned to tho subject. Aftor huving thoroughly oAtablishcd tlio fact (admitted by tho groat majority of Christians) tluit tlioro is a Trinity, he said, 44 with groat revorcnco," that until tho heart of it limn iiuu uuuu luuuouiuu uy i>uu uiuuu in Christ, tho Holy Spirit could not enter into it. How ho camo to loarn thnt wo do not know. It was formerly supposed that the Holy Spirit was as powerful as tlie Fathor or tho Son ; but Mr. Ararloy must havo boon in tlio receipt of advicos withhold from less favoured persons. In tho samo breath ho confided to his hearers tho hitherto carefully-concealed intoll- ligonco that ho was "lowly;" and ho glorified himself upon his 4< meokness " whilst stating ho would rathor die that night than loso tho power of tho Holy Spirit. Wo havo not yot soon anything of Air. Vnrloy'e ft meoknosB," .but wo havo not tho Blightost doubt about his lovo of power. With just as much tevo ronco as Afr. Varloy, woboliove ho would liko tohavo that powor ho donics to tho Holy Spirit. Though lio cordially detests novels and thoatres, ho next quoted as glibly from Shiikspoaro as if ho had boon a 4 'call boy" or a check-taker before ho com moncod dealing out 44 small goods" and salvation ; and tlio suddon remembrance of his backsliding was doubtless tho cause of Iub subsequent attack upon tho 44 scof- tors." 44 Mockors and scoffers," said Mr. Varloy, 44 might as woll bo ia lioll. They aro scarcoly ever saved." .Again it. will bo x>ercoived that tho popular ovangelist must havo tome means of getting infor mation which not oven Router, with all liis wonderful tolographio nnd other ngon- cios, was over ablo to obtain. It would do Mr. Varloy a world of good if ha could only know that thousands of thoso who mock and scoff him havo not tho least idoa of mocking or scoffing his Master; and that many of thoso who hoar him are nightly shocked at tlio disgusting familiarity with which ho treats of iiamos that othor pooplo aro acciistomod to bo spoken of with revor- once, and with rovercnco alone. It is ono thing, aud not by any moans a good thing, . to speak disrespectfully on any sacred subject, but it is n totally different thing to scoff at a concoitod and solf-con- stitutod talkor, who makes ducks and drakes of tho word of God. Wo havo on sovoral occasions eonviotcd him of having flatly contradicted his most emphatic assertions, and ho lias not dared to show that wo were wrong. It was only last, night ho gave a most unscholarly defini tion of tho word 44 testament," but ho looked so perfectly sanctimonious that it went down exceltontly with tho majo rity of tlio audicnec. At all ovonts thoy did not mock or scoff openly, and Mr, Varley is tho only ono who can exactly toll what people mean whon thoy say no- tiiing whatever to him or anyono elso. 