THEATRE ROYAL. -MB. CBBSWICK AS HAMLET. Of course it was to be expected that Mr. Creswick would -play Hamlet, and ,najttially_ ^ every eln&WScrtad; seen him- lievwusly in irt^jpjQj pkrts was anxioilfr to' tithes* his Appearance in this confessedly inost diffiBnlt'roltt 'As a consequence, ola ^Wednesday night, when "{Hamlet" was announced, a brilliant houBe assembled WitfUu! UiBT>'«hlls of tta th«ttte* OSffcft;} niajority of those .qprfefefenV must have becoinlly satisfied, with the' petfaanaace, and those whose expectations had not beenof a'Tay w glowing nature must have ielt-that their -antic*-. patiomahadheen far moretiibn nalfced in «wry. respect. When due allowance is.> made for: the fact that with Mr.Creswick tbe: heyday of the blood is passed, and that our ideal 'of-the Dsnfeh Prince, u the glass of fashion and the mould/pf form," is essentially a young man, all who witnessed the powerful impersonation of the; r£le a* presented by Mr. Creswick will agree that his Hamlet deserves to rank high amongst thoaeAof the leaders of the profession.' The endurance required to playsucha heavy partrwitjh any degree -> of spirit is in' a man of Mr. Creswick's years something to be marvelled at, and if his voice and action lack in some degree the freshness and vivacity af -youth, the loss. is . to a great degree compensated for by the 'study and polish displayed in each sentenoe of -the text and the appropriateness ami grace of each gesture. These are acquirements which nothingiut intelligent Study and life-long practice can . confer. The devoted attention that has hjeen ^given to perfecting the character is apparent throughout, and though • on the . whole : Mr. Ores kick's leading coincides with those of Kean and Brooke rather >than..with that of . the. Fechterian school, to" which Montgomery and. Fairclopgh belonged, yet there are compromises. For instance, in dressing the part, though Mr. Creswick retains the tunic of black velvet and ' bugles,'"With the long cloak, he wears a flbwing flaxen wig, blonde moustache, and small doublepointed heard. In some of the disputed points in the text he follows modern usage, but in others retains the words as they were formerly rendered. - Thus he says a " god kissing carrion" ot a good kissing carrion, and " I know a hawk rom a hern shaw" not handsaw; but in the Celebrated soliloquy," To be or not to be," he fays " the ttatgs and .arrows" instead of " slings . >nd arrows," and " «ea'of troubles," notsiege." For this he certaiuly has authority; still it must be admitted that the metaphor is somewhat mixed in tha older versions, but , . " Whether tiB nobler in the mind to suffer " - The slings and arrows of outrageous fortuue. Or to take arms against a siege of troubles, Ana by opposing end them" carries ont the idea of an assault against the brain of an army of troubles. In the same boliloquy we are' at a loss to "understand why Mr- Creswick interpolates several words not in - the text which do not improve the metre. There kre several alterations in the usual business of - ithe play from what we bave been accustomed to. in the ghost scene a very good effect is obtained by making the apparition when on the ramparts -disappear behind a buttress, which then becomes transparent, and the _ spirit ad- : dresses its speech to Hamlet in view; of, the audience, with a limelight thrown, upon it. This is certainly effective, but it has the _ counterbalancing disadvantage that Hamlet being in shadow and with hiB back for the most of the time to the audience the workings^ of his countenance cannot be seen. Possibly as the]; limelight was not working well on the first repi'esentation this was a . defect which may ber obviated. In Act 3 the play - scene is differently, set. The archway which: serves as the players' stage is set on .the prompt side, the King's and Queen's chairs being put well over to the . o.p. side. Stools are placed for Hamlet and Ophelia in the centre well back. By this arrangement, the onlooker has the advantage of always seeing Hamlet's full face, but from both sides portions of the audience have some difficulty in seeing what is going on at the wings next to them. In the scene with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern the bringing in? of the pipe was much more naturally done than is usually the case. As a rule Horatio walks in with the pipe in his hand without any apparent motive but that of bringing it to Hamlet, wbo seems to be waiting for it. A few minutes before, at the abrupt termination of tbe play,- Hamlet has Baid to Horatio—"Oome, some, music; come, the Beoorders !" Mr. Creswick makes Horatio return during Hamlet's scene with tie twospiesjbringinginthe mu8icians,from one of whom the Prince takes his instrument, warning the last comers away, and then' goes on with the illustration of his thought by means of the pipe. The Queen's room, where ehe meets her son, was also a new feature. It wis- enclosed with an arras—properly so called— that is, it was a portion of a larger apartment screened off by mediaeval tapestry, with a small table and crucifix in one corner, near whuh are the full-length pictures of the late and reigning king. In front of the crucifix and also cf his father's portrait Hamlet sinks upon his knees after his mother has left the room.- In these days, when we hear so much cant about the decadence of the stage, it is pleasing to find that notwithstanding the exceedingly inclement weather such a number of people should show their appreciation for high-class drama by turning out to see it presented by one who is- known to be a fitting exponent of onr greatest dramatist's masterpiece. On the question of the true condition <4 Hamlet's'-mind it is not neccssary now to speak. It has been conceded that for making the stage representation less beset with difficulty. Hamlet shall he caused to assume the appearance of madness to serve his purpose. This the author doubtless intended that -his hero should do, for, as we have before said, we believe that Hat&elfr; mind was really unhinged, and that he suffered from what is now known as dementia, which would cause him to appear perfectly sine at times and even permit him to make use of his malady as a clou for his designs. : Itos tote hoped that the time is not fax distant'When some histrionic genius will arise who. will be able to reconcile the apparent contradictions and -present us with an nnmntilated Hemlet. It is nonsense to say that it would be impossible to act that part effectually from this standpoint. Shakspeare was too great a master of his art to have placed language in the mouth of his great character which could not properly be given as a whole. It would be just as sensible to suppose that one of the great musical composers would have written a composition which he knew could not be performed. In both cases the high quality of the work throws difficulties in the way.of its production, but it is -to be rendered as written, and when properly^so rendered must he most effective:' Mr. Creswick has, we think, seen that the usual Ideal of' Hamlet as a sane man is not the correct one, and gives- the imnression at times that he conceives the actlonB of the unfortunate young Prince to have been swayed by an ungovernable frenzy,- and yet when the fit is past that he was to all intents and- purpoeee a sane man. With this idea he makes a distinction -between- Hamlet's melancholy and passion in the earlier scenes nd ) his bursts of bitter anguish and wild excitement in the latter acts;: The shock which, hisimind receives on seeing Ms father's spirit and having his wont suspicions so supernaturally confirmed was forcibly presented. All through tbe firstscene with the ghost Mr. Creswick was visibly restraining himself, yet he so worked on the feelings of the audiepCe that many had the .greatest difficulty . in withholding their applause until the proper time. The distraction of the overstrung-mind was finely depicted at the close of the first act in the soene with Horatio and MameHm, and when the curtain fell there was & load shout of applause and Mr. Creswick was recalled. In the soliloquy, "Oh, what a rogue and. peasant slave am I," the strong overmastering passion was very powerfully represented; but we missed the little touch of intense pathetic grief with which Montgomery used to render the wotds ' Kindless villain," where the wronged and sensitive man falls into a seat overcome by his emotion. At the end of this act there was also an enthusiastic recall. Reference has already been made to the monologue " To be or not to be." It was delivered very slowly aid impressively, but was not so effective as other portions. In the soene with Ophelia Mr. Creswick achieved a triumph. He showed in an unmistakable maimer the oonflietiug emotions with which the breast of the weak-willed young Frinoe was wrong, and depicted Hamlet for the time being as quite beside himaplf irresponsible for k» actions. Tbe intense agony with which he repalaesyet clings to the one woman in the world whom he loves was vary toothing, and evoked demonstrative tokens of appprovaL The play-soene and closet-scene were also splendid samples of histrionic ability. In the_ latter the effect on the house was painfully impressive, and the fall of the curtain was felt to be a relief. The final scenes were in keeping with those which bad preceded them, and at the end of each act the veteran actor was called ont and cheered to the echo. All who were present will, we feel sure, agree that to have seen Mr. Creswick's Hamlet is a treat not often to be had in a lifetime. Spaoe will not permit us to speak of the other performers in this notice, bnt all, or nearly all, the roles were exceedingly well filled. " Hamlet" will be repeated to-night. 