THE THEATRES, ETC. Br "Adagio." What may be termed the fallow season for theatres has now set in, and until Boxing night, when they will burst out in all the new-blown jplendour of Christmas spectacle, the records will be comparatively dull aud uninteresting. At the Royal, whence Mr. Sam Emery departed on Friday night, there has been a revival of " The Lancashire Lass," the initial performance being given on Saturday evening. As a stock company's performance, it deserves honourable mention. Of course, Mr. J. R. Greville's acting was the feature of the performance, aud he was quite as enthusiastically received by the audience a a when he made the " Party by the Name of Johnson" one of his popular aud successful cha racters some years ago. Iu every act his appear ance was the signal for a burst of applause, to he immediately followed by peals of hearty laughter at his intensely humorous sayings and doings. His acting in the scene in which be denounces the haughty Mr. Danville, and appi ises the latter of his intention to wipe off old scores, was a happy and skilful combina tion of di oiler y and powerful indignation. He was equally successful in the second act, in which, his destruction is attempted by Mr. Danville. Mr. H. 5. Vincent gave a apital representation of the honest young farmer, Ned Clayton. Mr. F. C. Apple- ton, as Robert Red burn, was rather a mild and inoffensive-looking villain, although effec tive iu some of the most difficult scenes. Mr. Stuart O'Brien was very much inclined to burlesque the part of Mr. Jelliek, and did not contrast very favourably with Mr. E. Gladstone's clever representation of Mr. Kirby, the old farmer. Mr. C'. H. Taylor played Spotty very successfully. There were numerous minor faults in the acting of Miss SoIangeNovaro as Ruth Kirby (the Lancashire Lass), and in several of the scenes she failed to display that emotion and depth of feeling that we have learnt to look for in this character. The other female characters — Kate Garstone, the cause of much of the misery of the piece, and Miss Fanny Danville, the insipid heiress — were fairly played by Miss Ella Carrisgton and Miss Melrose respectively. The scenery through out was very good, particularly that cf Liver pool by night, with the pier at Egrsmont, and the passenger steamboat. Both the scenic aud mechanical effects were excellent. The Princess's Theatre has closed. No reason is publicly assigned by Mr. Morton Tavares (whose lease of the house does not expire until October next) for taking this extreme step, but it is not difficult to divine the cause — "insuffi cient patronage." With a failing trade, and a number of ignorant and uneducated men govern ing the country, who are bent in the sacred name of the people on accomplishing that "people's" ruin, theatrical as well as every other branch of business suffers, and in accordance with an immutable law, the weakest necesarily goes to the walk Therefore, has Mr. Tavares closed his house. He finished up on Saturday evening with a piece called " Three Christmas Nights." It is a melodrama of the extreme or<fer cf stige architecture, and should satisfy the most txigeant of pit audiences. There ts at least one murder in every act ; in the last there are two. Innocent people are continually accused of the deeds, but. in the end, the real muritrsrs are discovered. Apparently the cranes were motiveless, committed mora for the fun of the thing tbaa otherwise. Mr. Carey, as John Biwtry, a blacksmith, was the u«ffortui ate victim of circumstances in two cases ; in the first he was sentenced to be hanged, but escaped from prison; in the he did net escape but was Kot iiaugtd. the « ii h r sp- parently permitting him to live m oidyr.tl, \bv might return f «-m / lytra'i, with " f.hu'rus w-alth" contained in a linen kcapsack, which ho «oie over his shoulder, and get himself mur dered whi:e attempting to rescue a newly found — — " - rw | daughter from the clutches of two villains. In a dual part, first as Lizzie Leigh, betrothed to Bawtry, by whom she has a daughter born out of wedlock, and secondly as that daughter, Mrs. Morton Tavares had characters unworthy her notice. She played them as well as the mate rials allowed her. She narrowly escaped an accident during a descent from a high tree, as she fell on the edge of a piece ©f scenery ; for tunately she was unhurt. Mr. Poole was a highly comie and tattered scoundrel as Toby Darwen. One of the features of his assumption was his wearing the same suit of rags through out, although the plot extends over a period of Bixteen years. The opening set, a view ef the exterior of the Poachers' inn, and part of the village of Littleboro on Christmas night, was a realistic and well- painted set, of which the scenic artist may be proud. There is sensation I and stirring incidents in the play sufficient to ' satisfy the most morbid craving. The farce, "Turn Him Out," played as an afterpiece, was made very amusing. Tbe comic opera, " Les Cloches de Corue- ville," continues to run at the Academy of Music. Oa Saturday night it was under the patronage cf Lady Bowen. Her ladyship, who was accompanied by the Misses Bowen, was re ceived at the entrance of the theatre by Mr. Aarons, the proprietor of the Academy of Music, and was welcomed upon her entering the long corridor by the Greek national anthem, which was played by Mr. Sykes upon the newly- imported organ. The opera went as trip pingly as ever, the "Dieg-dong-bell" song by Miss Lamiert, and the hiring song at the fair by Mies Ciara Thompson, being particularly enjoyable. The fun of the opera, as usual, was well sustained by Mr. George Leopold as the B&ilie;, and Mr. W. H. Wallace as the old miaer, Gaspard. Senora Pasta and Miss Florence Slater executed a clever and graceful pas de deux in the orchard scene of the last act. On Lady Bowen and suite retiring from the theatre, Mr. Sykes again performed upon the organ in the vestibnle. The advertisements contain references to Miss Stone, a new soprano, who is about to appear. A change was effected at the Opera-house on Monday night, Mr. Theodore Hamilton appear ing in an old five-act play, " Metamora," a piece with which the name of Edwin Forrest used to be iatimately associated. It was played some fifteen or sixteen years ago in this city, we believe, by a Mr. Allen ; but it has not sufficient dramatic connection to enable it to live in the memories of theatre-goers. " Metamora, or the LaBt of the Wampanoags," is a story of the red man, but not as we know him actnallv. in his dirfc And low canning. The noble savage is idealised ; he is perpetually talking of his honour, his Manitou, his truth, and his dignity, and he is for ever bowie- knifeing and killing, and winds up by fatally plunging a dagger juto the side of his wife, Nahemokee, ia order to save her from the contamination of the white man. The epoch of the story is the Cromwellian, when the Puritans governed at , the " plantations," as the American co'onirs were then called, when it is possible the Indians may have not been sucb thorough- paced rascals as they now are. As Metamora. it must be confessed Mr. Hamilton worked very hare, and looked very noble and very feioeious, and uttered splendid sentiments, and mani fested as terrible a hatred of the white man as the followers of the present Govern ment do of the dreadful oligarchy ; but I take exception to his restless, never-ceasing movements, his melodramatic stamp, his alarming strides, and terrible gestures. The stoicism and calmness upon which Fenimors Cooper aud other writers lay such stress in their descriptions cf ladian character were not ; all was tiroulence and loudness, the one scene in which Mr. Hamilton was good being the last, or dying scene. Mr. Ireland was Master Walter, the noble white man cf the play, and rival of the villain. Lord FPzarnold (Mr. A. Boothman) in the affections of Oceana Mordaunt (Miss Jessie Grey, who divided the honours as heroine with Miss Pelham, who played somewhat effectively the chief's wife) Mr. Hans Phillips, as the elderly Puritan chief of the council. Errington, was quite out of his place, Mr. Hamilton was called before tbe cur tain twice, and the first time apologised for a band of Puritan soldiers, who shot him prema- maturely. As a finish, a new two-act comedy of Boucicault's, entitled " A Bail in a China Shop," was presented. The title is not a happy one, and gives but little idea of the scope or tendency of the piece. It simply shows the results of officious intermeddling in the affairs of a quiet family by an eld friend thereof, whose too vivid imagination scents con spiracies aud intrigues in every look and gesture of his host's family. Having ac cused his friend's wife of a secret passion for the young gentleman who is & suitor for his daughter, having accused that daughter of a liason with a young piano tuner, and of being the mother of a little baby wuich the house maid subsequently claims as her lawful offspring, having involved his old friend in a duel, and generally having set everybody Ly the ears, things are explained just as the intermeddler is leaving oa his return to town. The comedy, which is rather c f the farcical order, has not much in it, but is very laughable, aud enables Mr. Wheatleigb, as the friend, Bagshot, to develop a dry and unconscious humour, exceedingly diverting and enjoyable. Mr. Fred. Thome has one of his congenial cha racters as thehead of the family, Mr. Tibthorpe. Miss Jessie Grey, Miss Meta Pelham, Miss Ruth Grey, and Miss Bronton are various members of Mr. Tibthorpe's household. Mr. Harry Daniels has a good part as a noK-fire-eating Major Bel lamy BrowEjohu, and Mr. Hans Phillips an amueing one as Mr. Flitter, the lover of Lucy, Mr. Tibthorpe's daughter. The Baldwins had a crowded house at St, George s-hail on Saturday night, whea the in teresting and amusing entertainment provided by those artists was repeated with the greatest success. The slate- writing trick was satisfac torily performed, and convincingly explained, every one, as usual, being struck with the re markably simple character of the Laud. The attendances havo been heavy all the week. D'Arcy Read's clever ghost entertainment at the Athci & <ui hall continues to merit a fair share of pu ;iic patronage. On Saturday there was a good attendance, and much interest was exl.ib ttd iu the variuu3 illusions. The enter- j taiACvi nn has been repvaWi throughout the i . , _ , _ , The S ci«?yo' VidiKul AriHlsa&H; ills Musical , ; Association of V c oiia had lueedigs on Satur- i day night. The latter gave the first performance , in this country of Schubert's great octet. i Bad times have had no effect upoi the busi ness of the Rev. Charles Clark, who has ap peared every evening this week before crowded audiences'. Shortly after 6 o'clock people have bsgun to assemble outside the Town-hall, and a long time before the commencement of the lecture "standing room only" has been the 6r B'Sfi®' r- Clark will sail from Adelaide for England by the December mail, but before leaving Melbourne his faithful friend and agent, Mr. R. S. Smythe, "the most travelled manager in the world," will take a benefit, tendered to him by Mr. Clark, in recog nition of his long and valuable services. This double farewell performance has been fixed for Saturday, 14 h December, and in addition to the Rev. Charles Clark, who will give his lecture on " Christmas in Old England : Its Customs and its Carols," several of the leading vocatists in Melbourne, amateur and profes sional, have volunteered their assistanca, iu compliment to a gentleman whose name was honourably connected with some of the best musical entertainments that were given in the Town-hall before the advent of the Rev. CharleB Clark. A specially interesting feature ia the programme of this farewell entertainment will be the re- appearance in Melbourne of the brilliant pianiste, Madame Carlocta Tasea, who has just returned from New Zealand, where her splendid performances excited the greatest ad miration. With admirable generosity, Madame Tasca has given her services to ' the most travelled manager in the world," Bv a letter received oa Thursday by Mr. G. E. Kitts from Mr. W. S. Lyster, it would ap pear that the health of the latter named gentle man has so far improved as to warrant his medical advisers in the belief that he will live for many years to come. Mr. Lyster writes most hopefully himself, and states that be has engaged an opera company for Melbourne, which will open at the Prince of Wales Opera- house iu March next. The enterprising em- pressario does not stats whether the new com pany is composed of Eaglishor Italian artists, but as Mr. Lyster before leaving the colony ex pressed his intention of not producing Italian opera in the colony for some time to come, it is conjectured that his new venture will lie ia the direction of English opera and opera bovffe. In October last, Signor Dondi was at the Opera Comunale, Boionga, where he bad made a success iu "Don Carlos" and other works. He was about departing for Rome, where he has au excellent engagement at the Apollo diRoma, the leading opera-house. Oa 25th October, our old acquaintance, Signor Cagli, left Genoa for fiiil/niifo ttrifw > AMAM aammamct VaivUWViWj " IvU Mm Uvfvij lV?Hivvb wpvlw vUtilJyAU jr | which included Signor aud Signora Coy. The tenor c-f the company, Signor Malchiavalii, is well spoken of. Signor Gagli's intention is to Australia ou leaving India. 