Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) March 10, The extraordinary severity of the heat all this week has brought the subject of the weather to the front again. It is, in fact, the weather of the dog days, the heat averaging about 600 in the shade, and bringing the sweat out of many an honest brow without the stimulant of exer- tion. This is rather unusual for March. A whole week of this almost torrid heat in a temperate region is rather trying. It is productive of lassitude, martin, and grumbles, and people begin to entertain fears of a dry winter. To-day was about as disagreeable a day as could be conceived, especially, for those who were compelled to take out-dooroxorcisos. The thermometer stood at Corinthic shade during the breakfast hour, and one could not get along the streets at any hour in the forenoon without being almost blinded or choked with dust. 'Tis said that everybody consumes a peck of dust in a lifetime. Speaking for myself. I believe I swallowed my pock (good measure during one walk up George-street, well watered though that thoroughfare was. This is one of the luxuries of city life. There was a great dust' storm late in the afternoon. Even the obduracy of our legislators has not been proof against the oppressive nature of the atmosphere in the chamber of wisdom, and they have not sat as late this week as they generally do ; so that the heat has not been an unmixed evil. Very little progress was made with the Estimates last week in the Assembly although they sat rather late, and the Government dropped them this week, and took up the second reading of the Electoral Bill, which was carried without division, after two nights' discussion, in which there was a good deal of wordy opposition on the part of the two Knights of St. Michael and St. George and some of their following. Sir Henry Parkes led the opposition to the bill, and his brother knight, the hardy Sir John, also spoke against it, but to no purpose, and the measure found such general favor that no one considered it worth while' to divide the House upon the motion for the second-reading. Opposition to this bill from Sir John Robertson came with peculiar inconsistency, for the measure is framed to do precisely what he himself proposed when last in office? namely, in crease and equalise the representation of the people without altering existing boundaries of electorates. The only difference was in details. Although the present bill only provides for 25 additional members, it is more than likely that 33 will be nearer the number added when the measure gets through committee, for the Government admit the claims of four electorates to one member more than they proposed to give in the bill, and they also acknowledge that several other electorates have claims which will receive every consideration. In this respect the Government do not appear to be wise in their generosity. The present number of representatives?73?ria ample for 000 000 persons; if the representation were equable,, but it would be difficult, if not impossible, to equalise the representation without increasing the number of members. There is danger, however, that there will be a scramble for additional representation, for if a member can get an extra representative for his electorate it increases his own chances of being returned again. One thing is also certain, the present Parliamentary buildings will have to be enlarged, The accommodation they afford is insufficient for even the present number of members. The Assembly was in a curious fix on Friday night through the want of a Chairman of Com- mittees.., Mr. Garrett left without resigning his office, and there was a great cry out about his conduct in the matter. One member. characterised it as mean another on shabby, another disgraceful, and Sir Henry Parkes (who always soars higher than anybody else) regarded it as a " high contempt, of Parliament." As a matter of fact, the general opinion undoubtedly is. that Mr. Garrett acted very, to say the least of it, thoughtlessly in not resigning the Chairmanship of Committees before be left. He.' wrote a letter from Melbourne to his bosom friend Sir, John Robertson,, enclosing his resignation, but Sir John Robertson ' withheld it until he could withhold it no longer, the Premier having given notice of his intention to move the rescission of the resolution appoint- ing Mr. Garrett. And Sir John also tried his best to get some member to do the work gratuitously during the remainder of the session, in order to let Mr. Garrett draw the salary. It is pretty well known that Mr Driver agreed to do it, but the House wouldn't stand. such an arrangement, and insisted upon the resignation of Mr. Garrett, which Sir John Robertson reluctantly tendered at the last moment?that'was, on Wednesday night, just before the House rose. The new chairman could not then be elected before Friday, but on Fridays orders of the day take precedence of motions, and as a chairman could not be appointed pro term, without; general consent, objection was taken to the appointment of one in order to defeat certain resolutions that were' down as: orders of the day. In this way the Illawarra Railway resolutions were shelved for the time, and had to be postponed for a fortnight. All the other orders of the day were also postponed. The election of Chairman of Committees afterwards took place, and resulted in Mr. Driver being chosen by a large majority. The other candidate was Mr. Greville. Mr. Driver held the office formerly. He is generally admitted to be the ablest man in the House for the positioning ¦"'"</ was;' ', The Government have changed their mind about the resolution relating to parliamentary land agents.' It is not sufficient, they now think, for the ' Colonial Secretary to sell his business. The Minister for- Lands has " gone the whole animal by issuing the following notification : ? " Department of Lands, Sydney, March 11, 1878 Special Notice. ; With a view to give effect to the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly on the 26th ultimo, it is hereby notified that members of the said Assembly who practise the profession of land agents will not be permitted to communicate with the Land Minister or any of the officers of the Department of Lands, either personally or in writing, in the capacity of such land agents,? James S, Farnell." Strange to say, the land agents do not object. Perhaps they can drive the proverbial coach and six through his? hence their silence. But Mr. Greenwood tried to make a hubbub about it the other night, by moving the adjournment of the House to call attention to this unwarrantable interference with the liberty of the subject," which the House never intended. But his platitudes fell flatly, and it must have added to his dis- comfiture to see the land agents on the Government benches winking knowingly at each other during his harangue. Seeing that his artillery couldn't reach the Government ranks, be dealt the Colonial Secretary a sinister home-thrust by insinuating, that the transfer of his business was not genuine, which inuendo brought Mr Fitzpatrick to his feet in a towering, passion? (he is very hot- tempered)?swearing vengeance against the renegade parson opposite that dared to try and rob him of his good name. Fitz's virtuous indignation had its oQbot. The House was with him almost to a man, and Mr. Greenwood, after the affair was disposed of looked rather foolish. He was expected to make his mark in the Assembly. He has not yet done so, though he has made several attempts to come to the front always to be repulsed by the lightest breath from the Ministerial benches. The smallpox patient taken from the steam- ship City of Sydney is progressing favorably, and there has been no fresh appearance of the disease on board the vessel. As a means of precaution, it is necessary, of course, to withhold pratique from the steamer for some days yet. The subject of free railway passes has been before the public during the past week, more particularly with regard to a practice which has sprung up of free passes being granted through the recommendation of members of Parliament. In the case of one member, Mr Macintosh, no less than 2240 recommendations for passes were given within a comparatively short period, and it is somewhat singular that this number represents exactly the number of votes the hon. gentleman polled at the last general election. The system of granting these passes has been much abused, and it has within the last few days been placed in the hands of a board which is to consist of the Inspector-General of Police and the Agent for Immigration. For ways that are dark and tricks that are vain the heathen Chinee is not the only party that is peculiar. Lot the following facts bear witness and bear in mind the names given are real and not fictitious. A man named Smith made a match with a man named Jones £50 a-side whereby he (Smith) engaged to shoot a certain number of persons out of 50. S mi Ul is a dashing young squatter, strongly imbued with sporting proclivities, a crack shot, but possessing more money than wit. Jones is the veritable. sea of the turf very early, one of the leading bookmakers in New South Wales, and credited with being up to every move on the betting board. Just before the match came off? at Newcastle? Smith made the astonishing discovery that his cartridges had been tampered with that the shot had been abstracted from them, and sand substituted Being compelled to shoot or forfeit his money, Smith picked out what he considered the good cartridges, fired with them, and lost the match. He was confident, after the match, that be had fired with bad cartridges, and, "from information received," prosecuted Jones and two other bookmakers Austin and Tighe at the Sydney Water Police Court, for conspiring to defraud him, The prosecutor rolled on the statement of a jockey named Cleary, that he had seen Jones and Tighe tampering with the cartridges while Smith was asleep, and there was collateral evidence to show that one of the defendants had borrowed a cartridgo-ftllor the same day. But the jockey was spirited away up the country, and Smith had to got a warrant out to bring him back; and after all he was sold. Cleary denied, in his evidence, that he had ever told Smith he had seen the defendants tampering with the cartridges, and the case broke down much to the disgust of Smith, who considers he has been swindled out of his money and jockeyed out of his revenge and to the delight of the professional sporting fraternity, who look upon this sort of thing as a very good joke and a smart piece of " business" into the bargain worthy, in fact, of a king of the ring. Which is why I re- mark Bret Harte slightly altered that for ways that are dark and tricks that are vain, the heathen Chinee is not the only individual that is peculiar, which the same I am free to maintain. Ye Herald of ye Morning maketh a hit. Yes, Sir, the Hunter-street oracle has come out in fine style this week with a special supplement for the Paris Exhibition, in the English and French language sight pages of nicely printed, interesting matter relating to the resources and material progress of New South Wales. The work of translation has been well done, and the "special" is altogether very creditable to the enterprise of the proprietors of the leading journal. I fancy I see the hand of that shrewd Scotchman, Mr Hugh George, in this bit of enterprise. All the places of amusement in Sydney are doing a good business. This is a good sign. It shows that business generally is in a healthy state, that pocket-money is plentiful, and that people have both the, time and the inclination for amusement and instruction combined." It speaks well, also, for the character of the said amusement and instruction, One would be a long time getting tired. of Creswick's impersona- tions of character. He is a genuine artist of the school of which Kean, Phelps, and Macready wore such ornaments, though he is not the equal of either of those celebrities, He has taken the Sydney playgoers by storm. This week he finished his seventieth night at the Victoria Theatre, and has never once played to a small audience. The latest play in which he has appeared in Sheridan Knowles' famous drama "William Tell," and the character of the celebrated Swiss liberator who is credited with having shot an apple from his son's head at a hundred paces is strikingly portrayed by Mr. Creswick. For my own part I like it as well as any he has yet appeared in not even excepting his Hamlet. Since the marriage of Miss Ashton, Miss Adelaide Bowring, an old favorite, has been engaged as leading lady; and Miss Mattie Daniels, from Melbourne, has been introduced to the Sydney public for the first time. She plays the part of Tell's son, and is d very competent exponent of the character, for which her age, figure, and voice will suit her, Mr John Bennett has a fine company together now, foremost among them being Mr. W J. Carey, who plays (late' in William Tell," Iciliia in " Virginius," the Ghost in " Hamlet, and Edgar hr "King Lear." At the Theatre Royal, which is under the joint management of Messrs, Lazar and Harwood, Darrell's new play, " Back from the Grave," ran for a fortnight to good houses. It is to be succeeded by " Trans- ported for Life," an Anglo-Australian play by the same author, which was produced at the Victoria Theatre some months ago- with considerable success. Mr. G. D. Chaplin, who is the best stock actor we have ever had here, supports the Dar- rell's. Kelly and Leon's clever minstrels are still at the Queen's Theatre, drawing lots of money and laughter from their patrons the Marionettes are doing moderately well at the School of, Arts and " Darcy Read's Ghost" is being shown at the Guildhall.' The Rev. Charles Clark has returned, but as all the best halls here are engaged, and there is such strong competition, he lectures in some of the country districts commencing at Newcastle before R appearing before a Sydney audience. He is sure of a good reception, Mrs., Scott-Siddons is to appear in Sydney again shortly. The Hamilton Spectator says :?" A number of drovers and gentlemen in charge of travelling stock petitioned the Mayor of Glen Innes to set apart a day of humiliation and prayer for rain. The Mayor (Mr. Edward Jones replied as I follows :?'Gentlemen,?I have duly received your requisition signed by gentlemen travelling with stock, who obtain grass in the cheapest manner possible. I decline to hold a public meeting, under my auspices, on the ground that it is great presumption to ask the sublime Creator to alter His organised arrangements of what He has created, to suit the convenience, or rather profit, of squatters who have overstocked their runs, Edward Jones, Mayor of Glen Innes,"' 