GHOST OR MADMAN. Last Sunday night week two men were returning home from Iverang to their resi dence near Barr Creek, bnt before reaching this creek they unfortunately lost them selves. A dispute then occurred in the middle of a plain as to which was the pro per direction; being ten o'clock at night, and pitch dark, mutual recriminations took place, which.resulted in one going east and the other west. The east man was right, and gained his camping ground shortly after, when a consultation was held with | his friendB, who were in bed, as to what' they should do for the erring mate. It was then determined to light a fire, and he who j had just returned found n large dry bush, which was soon blazing, but while he was feeding the fire he felt a strange presenti | inent that someone was near, and as the blaze threw a glaro around the bush, a white object like a small man was seen coming towards the fire. Our friend cot ner vous, but thinking it was one of his mates who had got up out of bed, called out his name, and said he knew him. His mate, hearing his name mentioned, called out that they were both in bed, which rather made his friend's flesh creep. By this time the ap parent ghost had got entire possession of the tire, which he began to grab at with his large, bony-looking hands, opening his fingers as though he would take out liand fuls of the fire. It was noticed then that his eyeballs protruded and glared like a mad man's. Our friend having told his two motes that a madman was at the fire, the three I mustered courage to go down to see him. He was dressed in dirty white trousers, with a dirty white shirt, apparently over his | trousers. He was asked where he came fronv where did he live, what did he want, was he hungry, and several other questions, to all of which be grunted an unintelligible reply like "umph." During this interview the lost one, haviug seen the tire, now ioined | the other three, and the madman was told if he did not want anything to' clear away, as he could not be allowed to stay there. He made no reply, but moved towards a swamp from whence he came, and has not since been heard of. ?Keran.7 Times. 