A GHOST STORY. THE Moa.na correspondent of the Jtiverinc Herald sends the following particulars of a ghostly sensation near tho border town:— ' About ten miles from Moama, on the east side of the line, stands a dummy house. This lionse has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark-ringers. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they were disturbed by knocking on the iron roof, and that upon getting up they saw the firguro of a woman, when one among their number put the question, ' What do you want, Missus V to which the figure replied that she had been murdered near that spot, and that tho bones of herself and infant would be found towards the end of tho hut, where they wero placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, tho bushranger. One of the party, who possessed a -whip, make a strike at the figure, which did not movo. The following day the news spread, and the next ni^ht a large party assembled when the apparition again made its appcarance, and the whole of these pereons swear most distinctly that they saw tho figure of a woinau, and nothing can induce thein to think otherwise. Last night a detachment of tho Moama police, under the command of sergeant Vaughau, went out to see if there waB anything to he seen, and there is no doubt if any person had been ' playing larks' he would have received a little cold lead. Upon the return of one of the police this morning I ascertained that while in the house last night a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the house but could see nothing The noise was repeated several times, and many of the party, amongst whom were men suopoaed to bo posseased of courage, seemed very glad 011 the approach of the grey dawn. The mystery, however, remains the same, and another party is to be organised, who together with the police, intend to go out again to try and clear up the mystery. The men who wero living in the hut have left it to the ghost, aud gone and campert near a dam. It seeins remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed., and positively aver tbat there iB something in it.' 