MACBETH". ' Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever, essay- I ist, and who has written most ably on the subject; of " Macbeth," charact,.r- ' ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime > and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression," yet ' marked with great simplicity of general . design. The date of the procluctioii of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, > and "we may take it for granted," J says Kenny, " that it, was written in the time of James the ' First, wlio ) ascended the throne. March, 1:1603,' as, it contains an : evident allusion, to;: tliat ' monarch ill act iv. scene I, and, also , a ) complimentary reference to hihi in an other part. The material for the play ' was found by Shakespeare in Holin- f shed's Plistory of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." r The Macbeth and 'Duncan are.repre- 1 sented to have been cousins ; the first r a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispe ll sition, and the latter "so soft and 1 gentle in his nature that the people 1 wished tlie inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and J intGichaiigcably shared betwixt tkem r that where the one had too much of J clemency and the other of cruelty, the J main virtue between these two extre- r mities might have reigned by indiffer- ) ent partitian in them both. The play all along keeps close to the line of f Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the non- appearance in the banquet scene of the f mindercd Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy has been presented in ' Melbourne we believe oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. The \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, ( Charles Vincent, in their time essayed ? the part, and we have had other repre- \ sentativcs, from the burly McKean ( Buchanan and James Anderson to the J little dapper J. B. Howe. But few \ artists have made their Melbourne f dehut 'm the i'Slo of the 'Thane of Caw- ) dor. Of those who have, we now call j to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The ir atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mr.s. Charles Poole siippprlihg liim as Jrndg M«6- a hetli, Mr. Henry Edward's as Maeduff', ( Mrs. Winterbottom as 'Malegluif' and ) the principal singingAyitches;Were Mrs. \ Hancock and the late Julia' Mattlteys. ( PrcvibuuS te that, on Aug.;2Sf .l858j at ./ the same theatre, there Ijurst upon the/ v theatrical firmament tin . Australi.dii/(r Roscius;''Master Edward Pole, .aged ): 147 He also played the part; j which qs'.k a-Teat of ihemoiy was extremely.won- ( derful. This gentleman has long left '' I the stage and become a i'.family man," ( and now follows' tlie prosaic, business/ of a thriving paperhaiigeri; - I At the time of the " Ghost" .sehsa- \ tioii in Alelbounie, in 1863, this tragedy ( was revived to be produced with/'iPep- j per's ghost effects," which were 'anr, L nouiiced as "combining the ' real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- ) cal, the positive and the , illusoi-y." with . thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when 1 under the management of the late t James Siramonds. The part of hlao- ( heth was alternately played by Messrs. 1 R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the, ( Ladg Viacbeth was by the late' charm- rill;:; Annie Lockhart. ' ' '' ' \ It was in the part of the "Thane's ; guilty) wife" thiit .Mi-ss, Goddard (Mrs. ( Capel)' made her 'boiv before a .Mel- J bourne audience, at -the; Theatre -PLoyal, ' August 24, 1857; the, late G. V. Brooke / appearing as "Mrtcirf/t. ' - ' J .The Gpei-a of " .Macbeth, ",,by Verdi, j has been presented in Melbourne by if two different cpmiianies at an iiiteiwal ' pf twelve years. The first production '. was:'ab the Theatre Royal; September ( 8, 'i860, \yith the Bianchi Opera (/Om- 'J 'jDa'nyj ' Sigriora Bianchi undertook the music of 'Lndip'syueheth, Sigiior Bianchi ( M/.6vZ//./;', Einilc-Coiilon McioJuWii, John 'y Gregg Dampio, Walter Sherwin M«Z- ' eohxt: and Mr John Winterbottom.was conductor of .the orchestra.; Thb se- <, , cond time the Opera was revived was ,< ' at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. V W. Si Ly.4ter aiid' Cagli.' The title xfle (fiLacbeth) was allotted to Signor ,( Tournerie, bilaoduff. to Signor Leandro j Coy, Ddhqxw' to' Sigh'br Dondi, MflZ- 7 cohu to Signor. Benso, Phxjsieian to /( Signor Favas, Oentlcmoman to Signora . Tournerie,, and ImAxj to' Sig- /npia Zenonii " I' ( ' l: .«. L t 