Who Winss? SS HBX ACTHOB OF 'TWO OLD* MEN'S TAILBS.' ? Bad enoach ! badenoucb ! rad I°»B enough ago ! Two years-two aortal y*» *»» » a.L went ewayi First, you took yourself cfi. Mr. Htilip , and then mv uoor master, and sweet Mies Heraana. and Lady Aylmer. and all ! All my Striends at once ! Butsaeiag you all flew awnytow.tber I reckon you're alf coming back together! for here s you flret : and if I beant scouring' this very kitchen, a getting it ready for them!' . , „ , 'How! you dent say so) COnany back? 1 fcoaght they were at AiiCarlBbaaBarBges whotaoms .'—somewhere for his bBaltfh ; that he could not lire ia England, and that they were wayfor nobody knows how long! Cpmsng toacK, did you say?1 , ' Yes, sir! a-com5j!g back, as sure as my names Betty Besom ! I ted » letter come to me Irom Miss Hernasa yesterday is a week, with ordert i to begin and cleanse the old boose from top to bottom, and wddteon the old furniture-law ! but ir. be old, ibeant itf-and get all 7eady agin they coine back, ?which wae to be in about a month or so fi'om this ,tiine,or maybe sooner, may be l&ter-slws; could aot exactly say when ; for it seems ilr. Lowl was still ia & very precarious state, and it iras un certain how he could travel, sometimes be getting ?long pretty comfortable, at others, making long *tops, you see/ '? Be stood after she had said this nor a moment quite etiU and Bpeechlees. t- I don't exactly xknow how to descjibe the ode feelina he had abomShis heart. A young lady would probably bate faintett- be leaned against the side of the window. At last gasping and gulping, and with, a straDge choking about his tarost, he managed to get out — 'You ftaven't got the let&r; about y-VJ, have ^Aye. air. I think I have,' iumbling in her handkerchief. ?! mostly keeps it pinned here; ifor if s not often I gets a letter, and when I does 1 .makes a sort of a treasure of it. More especially .?when it comes Aom Misa Hernana; for that youwg woman's a rare oiie, if ever there was one in tn,e world ; and her father's ae good in his way, as she inher'rn;andosfor Jbat Lady Aylmer. she snot to sneeze at neither to. 'iiy mind And thus discoursing, she kept fumbling at her old yellow handkerchief, and, m process of .time, drew forth a letter. .bearings foreign post How he felt when he goV this 7itUe scrap of paper actually into his hand—whe a after more than two years of total silence and abi-olut3 separa tion-as absolute as the separation of death— eighteen months of partial, and t;iree montos ot declared iDfidelity upon his part, .he Sowd Her thus brought before him again. I l*tre loose to imagine who have experienced such thills, and despair of making any one understand (nwna* Total separation, like death, seems to we*. Van, and at last obliterate, the strongest affections ; i -aa yet they lie, but motionless, as man lies- in \ »e grave. They are not dead, but sleeping: and .'« the appearance of the beloved object, they ss-e lestored in their full hriRhtnesa and vivacity, iiko pictures drawn in sympathetic ink when exposed to the fire. His bands trembled, bis eyes almost refused their office, so dimmed were they— his train seemed almost incapable ot comprehension, it ?was reeling so, as he, with his heart now beat ing with violeuce, now stopping, as if it never would beat again, read the few simple hurried lint's before him. They were written in a hasty, bust large and legible band, evidently intended to eubt ?with Betty's literary capacities. ?BareRM.Junell. ? My dear Betty, ?This is to tell you, my dear good woman, that at last the doctors have decided that not ail the waters in the world can do anythiug more lor my ?dear father ; -ind he so wearies to get home, and to his pariah again, that I could be almost glad of it. MTe are to 6tart from this place next week, and shall travel by easy journey home. So, my good woman, lose no time, after the receipt of this letter. in putting the old place into a little order. ? Go and ask Mr. BencraEt, the churchwarden, to lend you five pounds, which you niUBt make go us far as ever you can, ; and get in some coals, jind have tile house well aired and cleaned down,^and things put a little to rights, that they may look comfortable for my father when he cornea home. But above all things, take care the bouse is well aired. It must be very damp, I fear ; so, though I told you to be sparing of the momey, don't spate it in coals ; for if my father should get a fresh chili, it would be very badfor him. 'Take care of that, dear, good woman, and put two feather beds and two mattresses on his lied ; so you must take both my mattress and my little feather bed— I am used to sleep upon straw here— and I will show you how to make it down very well. I will write to you again by and by ; but set to work as soon as you get this, for f do hope ?we shall be at home soon. ' i'our affectionate friend, ' Hernana Lovei.,' ' VS. You need not go to any expense about the RMden, which I dare say is in a horrid state. I will see to that myself when I get home, which I think will be in about a month alter you will re ceive this.' He turnedthe letter about, no address or dale; nothing more. ? And bow long is it since you got this ?' 'A week, come to-morrow, wasn't it ? I can't be quite sure. Stay 1 not so much as that,' ' And in about a month they will be back ?' ' Ay, so it says ; don't the letter, sir ? I spelled it all out myself: it's written in such a nice big band.' 'Be back in about a month!' and he put his iuid to his head, for he felt bewildered. ' Yes, sir ; yes, sir.' ' About a month — about a month '.' — And no ad dress, no possible means of communication !' And in about a month, about a month !' And then there rose n pageant of what was to come off in about a month, too. A wedding, and bridesmaids! and wedding breakfast, and fine dresses, and trinkets ! lie wnn eick o£ the whole subject, for he bad heard so much about it ; and oE the trinkets Mb mother had been so busy designing for him, and helping him loo with designs for trinkets for her ; they were to be in an exquisite tuste, a tuste more than com mon. And now these things rose in a sort of ghastly mockery belore him ! The bridesmaids looked like wan ghosts, and the drosses, and the pveeent?, and the breakfast, and those abhorred trinkets ! And, in the midst of all, the bride, looking so fair and so fresh-coloured, with her long golden ring lets so briaht. and sniilinz. und lookiuc so nleitecd andbappyl Fool ! looking so content and happy ! And then, in contrast with this gay and gaudy butterfly, there' rose a figure, with her pale thin face, and her dark earnest eyes 1 and her tall, noble, though attenuated figure ! a figure built for large development, but yet never entirely developed. Those long, thin, but graceful arras ! those simple, unaffected, yet most interesting m ivuments ! that figure, in short, instinct with soui ! And \,htt n soul! What au intellect, and what a heart ! and wl at a noble, noble character! He could bear these thoughts no longer. He turned away, and leaving tlie old woman to her scrubbing, made his way through the desolate garden, and so to the deanery, where he was at present staying upon a visit. Atameetincof tb» Ultimo brn'ich or tb» em ployees of the Sydney U. T. and 0, Co.. at the Ultimo Hotel, on Tuesday, the 10th imtant, Mr. H. Free was presented with a splendid ring, and an inscription was added to a medal presented on a previous occasion, ex pressing the regret of the men under his charge at his nsignaton. Ifr. H. Free has been in the service of thecompsny from its formation, and is now leaviugto talcs the managejneDt of anew liae of 'busses, which will no doubt be conducted with every care. In the Melbourne' obituary notices is tbename of a very old resident, who, though not occupying a Tery prominent position, had made troops of friends during his long residence. Mr. James Woods arrived in Sydney forty-five years ago, but went to Melbourne about the year 1S38, and remained in business in it met iince. lie attained high offices amongst l?ree masons and Oddfellows ; and as one of the pioneers who helped to buildup Melbonme.iuidwhoarenow »o rapidly passing away, the deceased is entitled to bj temembered. The older the needs, the more perfect the htdy Uippexs will be. And the older the bsnan^peel, the lew graceful and the more perfect .will be the aeotle sun dippen* ' 