THE BED INN. Towards the clo?e of a ooM, bleak-day in the early winter of 187S, I found myself waiting anxiously ana impatiently in a lonely and ptolnreiqne >pot on' the banks of the !!?!? tovn ?l 8t. 2u?i?<>n?. ?b?>>?? I li?H I d?I<>?8?a to? pli,?U>a?t??Uv? ???n?7, p,?<>?. k, I !>?v? ??!?, vliz ?nck ?m?nli?. vllk ? lnIu?H ??"N>UI ?t ?!>? ,l!v?r'? ?H?. !n,t d?!n? l!?? ?l??P ?n<I ?>?!l? blull. ?? ?l>? onl? v??l!l!<> ?l in ,!??. 1li? ?>l? ?,?? c?v?l<>?,<, ?nH U>? ?In<! tl>l? ?<:<!?!<>? I l?!t inv p?<l?n?? lor-l? trios. I !l?a ?v?r7,??>?u to b?!I?? ?u?t tl>? (llot?!t!>?t?n6!i>? tb? v>17 ?n6 ,ul>?>?vl?b!? ?r?nl?a lor n>7 , n???lw? 'sl'tn " c!l?n>i ?>!,l?!l>???6 ?on?!6?r?bl<, 6iM?>i1t7 In r?. b?l?t?6. llmulc ?'ltl>?r ,on>? ??I6?nt or z??in<?! it un??l? to Iloep li!? !>?l<>r? ?n l!i<??tln?t but ul>lu!,t?k?b!? ?nH ?,?>? ?ll ?c> tk!?1l villi tbo >l>?l>t .Iltluz, In"tt>I> pr?6i<!?>i??>t. I ?<>?>I?a ? boll iu!??u?. UNI, Iio.toll?. ?z6I?in^ l>n!l6!n? ?l ?Un n??>-??t b?<l ?!t<>. out ?t tv? <lr?t otil! ?d!? Lb? !?i>z!<>iil'? n?'iu<> IluroUnI,, ?nH d? l??l?!,!. ,l,lan8>l v!,!?k tlio ?NQ,?tc>rn> v?? ?li? v!iirli>,? i?? ?!lt?H durtlion ?NI? 2?r<>? ,p?l?!?l?!?>5. "2??>6??. I le?r ?d?t I Ii?v? ?!?I tli? n>?? ?!,<> ?p<?>l? ? " ?i>H ? p?7 l?r ln?!>.l?ur'? It ?v!<z?iit tk?t ?nt?rl?!l>?r? ??? ?I!ck l???t ?>?>a .bout. older than'she, abort and thick-set, and wit' 1 some sort of.defect in hia left leg that cause/* him to Hmp a little in walking; but he had ao Immense depth of*chest and. dlapropor- | tionately long, sinewy arms which augured ; the po?a.easloa of, vast ? muscular capacity; while his movements, in spiteof his lameness. were singularly- alert and active for one of hla age. Indeed, this swiftness and celerity of movement waa also a characteristic of .the woman, though, with her longer and more youthful frame, aha contrasted him in this respect much as the- stealthy, .undulating movement of a panther would.'set off the spry, sturdy activity of a terrier-dog. The man's long, hatchet-face waa nearly covered with grizzly beard of strangling growth, and from underneath hit bushy eyebrows, which' were nearly as heavy aa hia moustache,- his j steel-gray eyes glinted with a dull, dUoon- i tented glow tn?t might have proceeded from brooding misery or vicious instinct, it was hard to tell which. I was also not long In discovering—from the frequent .little scoldings that were Inter changed, though always in the 'Ctnadlan ; pataU, which I persisted In appearing ignorant of—that tho pilr were far from living happily together, and came to the conclusion that theirs wan certainly not an example, so lauded by poets, of tho marriage-tie being only the closer and more-lovingly renewed by adversity and distress. " I made these mental note*? in far Icbb time than it has taken mo to express tbera here ; and whon I resumed my scat by the Are with an air. of all the caroloe?ncas and trustfulness that I oould assume, Bourchols placed so mo glasses and a bottle of brandy upon tho table, and 'gruffly invited mo to join him in tm petit verre. Bub I made a point of never drinking out of strange bottles undor suspicious circumstances, and, excusing myself on the plea of being undor medical treatment-for a painful complaint, I produced "my own brandy flask, which' I pretended to have been especially prepared for mc by my physician, and, pouring out a small quantity, touched his glass merrily, at tho Biuno time wishing him and his consort better luck in tbe future. Ho seemed a littlo taken aback by this manoauvre, and only replied to my woll wishes by first a grunt, and then a short bitter laugh, as in derl?lou'at the piopos terousnoss of their purport; after which ho aroeo, ond, opening the door—through which a column of snow, came suddenly bustling like an angry ghost—-whistled In the dog—a rough, savage-looking brute, of the stunted Newfoundland stock, whioh, after snufilng of my legs suspiciously, Bhook tho snow from his shaggy coat, and stowed hira&elf; away in a corner. The supper, which was soon afterwards served us by the woman, made up ia quantity what it licked In quality—consisting of bacon and venl?nn, with hot griddle-cakes and excellent coffee ; and as I was both hungry and tired I enjoyed it very much. There was nothing to read when it was over, and, aa neither my host nor hostess appeared to desire sociability. In the way of conversation, I was aoon dozing comfortably In my chair, though after an old habit of mine which enables mc to enjoy the recuper ation of semt-alumber without altogether shutting out a consciousness of what ia going on iv the waking world around mc. However, as I heard them speaking together in low voices, and in French, I paid little attention to what they were saying until a reference ou the part of the man to " Mousieur Lb Crank" at once aroused mc to livelier atteutiou, and to a recollection of my recreant rendezvous-maker. of the river-bank at the same time; but the woman only said in raaponse : '* Yes, this Is unmis takably the man," and then their conversa tion drifted upon topics of a personal nature, which soon developed into a conjugal wrangle, and might have proceeded to blows had I uot just then stretched myself with a yawn, and expressed a deilre to be shown to my room. Before obeying mc, the landlord again opened the dnor, and kicked the dog out Into the storm, after which he lighted a candle, aud led the way up a narrow, rickety stair case thnt ascended from a little corridor just off the aide of tho room occupied hy the fire place, nnd, proceedlug along a hallway to what must havo been the remotest extremity of the lonely house, ushered mc into a large, bare-walled chamber, devoid of furniture except a bedstead, a small table, and a three legged stool, but Komewhat redeemed from absolute cheerlessnens by a bright wood-fire ; that had been built upon the hearth, and whose leaping flame-tongues went up the chimney with a roar as *he fierce atorm shook the one window as If with a giant's grasp. Altogether, tho accommodation was | better than I had anticipated, and, after \ assuring myself that tho door wns provided with both lock and bolt of substantial quality, I bado my host good-night, looked myself in, and prepared to mako myself comfortable for tbo night. After a brief examination of the walls, to make sure there was no other entrance, I took off everything but my undergarments, heaped the fire with all tho spare wood that had been provided, blow out tho candle, and, leaping into tho luxurious undulations of an old-fashionod feather-bed—after putting my revolver under my pillow—was aoon sound asleep. I waa suddenly awakened from profound, 1 dreamless slumber by I don't know what ; ? not by any noise, or vibration, or stealthy j movement, hut by a certain indefinable oon sciou?ness that someone else was in tho room ; and at once sat bolt upright in bod, with my hand upon the weapon beneath the pillow. The storm had subsided, and everything was as still as the' tomb; and, the 'fire having sunken away to scaroely perceptible embers, the room was almost pitch-dark ; but none the loss was I instinc tively certain that a stoat thy intruder was in there, and that a terrible danger was impending over mc. I have the vision of a cat in an emergency, and in a moment, as my eyea grew accus tomed to tho darkness, I perceived what I knew to be the short, thlok-set form of Bourchols, crouohed upon his hands and knees, and creeping noiselessly toward the couch from the opposite side of the room, with a knife between hia teeth, though, not being so sharp-sighted ns I, he was not aware of my being awake and on my guard. A yawning trapdoor In the floor closed beside him, and almoat directly under the window, betrayed the manner of his having effected an entrance. The truth flashed across mc in an Instant. Crank Dudley had not Intended to meet mc at tho rendezvous, but It was probably decided that I should be belated and stop at this very plaoe—this remote and obscure hostelry, to be murdered by his aocomplfcea, the landlord and hli wife, for the sake of the booty known to be upon my person, without a return of the equivalent agreed upon. I had never been in such a desperate position before, but had often Imagined to myself what I would do under similar circumstances-—as I puppoea we all of us do at times—and now did not feel any diminu tion of my usual nerve and presenoe of mind. 'Without a moment's hesitation, I cooked my revolver under the pillow. In order to deaden the slight clicking sound of the lock, and then, levelling* It silently at the bushy head of the advancing assassin, pulled the trigger with no more oompunotion than if I had been facing a wolf or a anake. I But ths pistol had doubtless beeu lan—. I per.d with during my siesta below—for : it had been in my overooat poekot,' on another eh'alr—and tho hammer (ell harmlessly npon the nipple. But the noise ot tbe attempt aroused the intruder to tbe last o( ray biting . awake and alert, and, with a single bound h? ; was npon hia ieet, and at my Bide with up lifted knife. . ? :: \ I now pursued another plau, whioh I had of ten'thought I would do under like periL. . I caught up a pillow with my left hand, 'and let the deieendiug blade "bury itself in its pliant depths ; at the same-time I olnbbed , the revolver, .'and, leapjng'to my ieet - on . the-. ' top of tho bod, I dealt my assailant a tre mendous blow in tho faoe. He staggered a.' little' to-ono side,-and then, with a muttered .: oath, he Btruok out again so quiokly with his murdorous weapon that it would have beon all ovor with mc if the point had not thl? time oome in. oontaot with my buokakin money-belt, whioh w*s lined with broad gold pieaos, as well as bank-notes. As it was, tho shook noarly knooked the breath out of my body, and he groped savagely over the bed after mo. But, besides having the ad vantage of him in seolng far better in the darkness than he, I knew that .I would be done for, strong as I was, if I orion got into the elntoh of those long, massive, gorilla like arras of his ; bo I vaulted lightly over the foot of the ooueh, and, -reaohlng around to tbo Bias, struok him again with the pistol-butt on the knee of his lame leg. He gave a howl of anguish, slon'ohe'd down . upon ono aide, and almost loat hia balance Before ho oonld thoroughly rooover I atrnok ' him again, this time upon his right wrist, and tho knife wont flying out of bis hand, striking mc broadside in the breast. I oaught it by tho haft, and, springing behind him, plunged it again and again into hi* side, until he sank with a hollow groan npon the floor, and all was still. '',-'? Though nnwonndod, I, was bathed in B'weat and quivering like a leaf as I sought the bandlestick and struok a light with one .of tho matohes that lay beside it, and then held it over my head, to survey tbe soene, with a thrill of horror that had not possessed mc while tho trsgedy itself W** ensotlng. ? ? „ '..'?'- : Bonrebois lay qnlto dead in a pool of hia llfo-blood that was alowly making its way aoross the nnovon floor in linos and streaks. . At tho foot of the rough steps that lod down from ths open Iraprdoor I oould hear sup pressed breathing, and knew that the woman was thorn waiting and listening. _ ? ? " Est il aooompli ?" she presently callo* up in a hoarse whisper. . ?.:.?' " Yes," I replied In Frenoh, and imitating the guttural with whioh the dead man had been wont to spesk to the host of my ability. "Bemaln whore you are till I tell yon to oome up." . '.' ? Thon with a nervous rapidity whion I have never sinoo been able to approximate, I entirely dresaod myself, oven to tho putting on of my fnr oap, overooat and overshoos—? whioh I had not uegleoted to fetch up with mo upon retiring. I was possessed with* wild, mad desire to got out of that honae of horror, and plaoe miles between it and mc, even it I lost myself in tbe snowy waste. .- '-.. But I oven went lo the trouble of reloading my revolver with fresh cartridges. Then, with the cooked pistol In my band, and atill pitching my voloe in Imitation of tho dead man's, I bado the woman oomo up. . . With a long gloaming knifo in hor hand— with whioh sho had doubtless stood prepared to assist in tho oontemplatbd murder, if called upon—she bounded up the ladder, hor oyos glowing, Bnd her wholo faoo and demosnonr oxprossivo of a triumphant ferooily that, thank Heaven 1 I had never before and have never aluce witnessed in any. But, as Boon as she saw how oompletely tho tablos had boon turned, a striking obanga camo over her. She reooilod Into a oornor, and soomed to eonttaot within herself, mnoh after the manner ol a oat that is brought,to bay by an unexpected euoountor. But there wsa no pity or oompnnellon with wbloU *he surveyed tho bleeding remains of her eon sortin wlokednoss, after the-Ural shook ot astonishment had passed, and I was inex pressibly horriflod to remark that sho was gradually regarding mc with a sort or fascinated admiration. ?.'"'?? Prosently sho slipped out of hor retreat with a Boft folino movement, and, extending her hands towards mc with a passionate, appealing gestnro, sbo oxolaimed in IM broad dialoot of her native Sootlaud: (l"Ah, bnt you're a bonny an a m*a laddie, an' it's a weel that tho auld mon ha. form* hie riobtooua doom at last. Bow?. nnoo- griff and garly. Stay wl' mc, an be my guar, moo, dearie ; there be muo.ee money hidden in tho hooso; wo gang tegitner to a far oonntroo." T ,„" Overcome with horror and loathing, I for got my prudence bo far aa to slip my pistol in my pookot, and wavo hor off. I had no sooner done ao than the savage, furions fit returned to her, and, with a, hoarse ory like that of a wild boa.t, she leaned towards mc, knifo in band. - I was somewhat taken by surprise,and. had her strength equalled her agility, " would probably havo (tone hard with mc, a*, it was, I evaded her attack with the nlmort dlfflonlly, and finally disposed of her by knooking her senseless with my fl' only time I ever strnok a woman in mj????{ and, nnder tho eironmstanoes, I think tne reader will grant that it waa ? ot -" ble -„ 11 /_ Then, without slaying ??*" ?„T£!7Z possessed by simply a wild, "aunt ngdeslre o get away, to leave that aooursed tavornjar behind—l throw np tho window and leaped out into tho darknne... The h.lg.from the eronnd wss creator than I anticipated, but,?.. I fell into', soft snowdrilt, leeeaped iniiirv. The dog oamo howling around tne tho bouse as I sorambled up out of tho drift, but a lnoky shot from my ??">?" quieted him, nnd, as I made my way to th. stable, I saw the eastern sky brightening with the coming of a now dawn with a leei rg n ol \bank"„lnoa. that I had never known be i? r wa? soon in tbe saddle, less ?"?? r h <£ fallen than had beon threatened, and. trust ing to the in?tinot ot my horao In finding the void, I reached St. Eustaoho in tint..for breakfast. My story was soon thei talk ot tho town. Several brotber- deloollve. obanoed to bo onhand, npon other h*iaineaa, and, with them and several othera, I set out at onoo to return to tho inn, and rfleot the oapturo of its wiokod mi?tress, it possible. We found it burned to the ground 1 . A subsequent search of tho rain* ???*<£ tho bones of Bonrebois, but there werei no other remains ever found, snd what beoame of hia guilty partner in life and crime i? * mystery that never has been cleared ?P-. Orank Dudley had been deterred from keeping his appointment by an ?"??'£ Montreal opou sn old ohnrge, and at""-** slontly maintained his otter igno""" £ tho Bed Inn and its inmates; with _ how muoh veraoity I havo beon unable to deter mine. But I am happy to say tbal a fortu nate after-oireum?tane. enabled us to re cover our stolen property, without com promise or any expenditure whatever, and that I oame in for tho lion's abate of the reward. " Okittlxukk of the jury," said a Woroester lawyer In the eourt'houso last week, "at the moment the policemen says he taw us In front of the houso which was burglariously entered, I will prove . that w. war. looked up drunk In the station-house.' 