BRISBANE. Monday. Aldormau Ileal iins rocoivod a requisition asking him to stnnd for tho Yalloy elcotcrato, and hns consontod to ontor tbo contest. Messrs. Mollor and Bookor have both rotircd from tho oonioat for Wido Bny. Moroton is thorotoro a piobublo onndidnto. Mr. H. II. Puyno, of " tho Gap," is a candi date for tho Euoggoru oloctorato. The Immigrants. — On onquiry nt tlio dopot last ovoning we woro plonsod to loam from Mr. Graham, chief wnrdor, that tho immigrants by tho Soottish Bard aro boing ongagod protty rapidly. Tho whole of tho single girls havo been ongagod, at wugos ranging from 10s. to 12s, per weok, Twonty-four of the siuglo men havo found employment ns farm laborors in the distriot about town, and about tho samo num- bnr arn going up tho lino to-day, wborn tlioy will bo omployod on tho railway works, and a number of tho marriod mou will probably follow in a day or two. Mr. Graham spoaks in vory bigli terms of tho manner in which tho immigrants havd conducted thomsolvcs white uudor his ohnrgo. Police Court. — At tho Polico Court yostor day morning, boforo tho Polioo Magistrate) ono drunkard was discharged with a onution ' two woro fined 5s. with tho alternative of twonty-four hours' imprisonmont ; and one, who, it appeared had boon " up" boforo, was flnod 10s. or in dofault of payment twonty- four hours' imprisonmont. A man charged with disorderly conduot in Fast-street on Sunday morning, was ordorod to pay a fiuo of 5s. or olso go to tho lockup for twonty- four hours. Matthow O'Brion, who was amongst thoso flnod for drunkomioss, was also ohargod with making uso of oliBCOua lauguago in East- street. Ho pleaded guilty, but explained that ho went up to tho dopot to soo " tho boys from homo" and took " a sup" with thom. Tho oxplanation did not satisfy tho P.M., however, nB ho infiiotcd a fiuo of 10s. with tho alterna tive of twenty-four hours' imprisonmont. II'ree and Independent. — Tho way in whioh our worthy P.M. was intorviowod in tho stroot yesterday morning by a young " Arab," should fill all of us with unboundad admiration of tho freo and indopondont manner in whioh wo flap our wings and orow on tho dunghill of our glorious constitution. Education! Universal SufTrago ! Yoto by Ballot ! Hurrah ! Thoso aro bringing all mou— and women too -to tho samo dolightful lovol. Liberty, fraternity, equality, Mor monism, and the Pormissivo Liquor Bill —anything olso f Yos. Tho hon. tho member— thnt is ono of the hon. membors for Stonelinmpton, seeking ro-elootion, aftor hntmicr Vinnn nrmrvintftfl rmn r\f tka nlinann vossols of tho " Who-stolo-our-polioy Ministry !" Aftor thisP Why, tho dolugo -oblivion — olinns— anything, but tho M.L.A. On the Board. — If wo aro not mistaken — or rathor if our memory doos not play us false, tho honorablo A. H. Palm or, tho whilom inorabor far Port Curtis, nnd the possible member for North or South Brisbano, wo dou't know whioh — and it's all tho samo — said not vory many months siaoo, ho was woary of oflioo, and that ho should not sook it ngain. In proof of his onrnostnoss, bo handed ovor in tho most disinterested mnunor possiblo tho loadorship of tho Opposition to Mr. M'Uwraith. Tho faot was, ho was ashamod of his party, and hadn't brass iu his constitution suffioient to allow him to oomo forward as tho bold and uufliaohiug opponent of tho priuoiploB to whioh ho has hold fast sinoo his Now England days, when ho wns tho torror of ovary solcotor in tho distriot. Wo aro sorry to say that, wo do not placo implloit faith iu all thnt drops from tho lips of tho honorablo gentle man ; and wo prodiot, should his party suooood in winning honors, that ho will tako tho helm into his own hands and run tho State ship on to tho rooks of ooonomy, or into tho whirlpool of masterly innotivity— round nnd round, but novor an inoh forward. In faot, n " painted ship upon u painted ooonn." Mr. Palmer onn novor ugroo long with a party, that aunounaos suoh ga-nhoad priuoiplce. Borrow £3,000,000, Sir 1 Absurd 1 All vory woll to ohnt about it iu ordor to gnmmon tho paoplo to voto for us — but as for seriously asking for tho raonoy — sir— wo havo tho privilogo of talking, imd talking nonBonBo ; .it is noaossnry iu a freo stato — but — wo oan't act nonsense. Sir, pour out promises from n tank, but performances through n narrow neoked bottlo. Larrikins — A oaso was brought boforo the Polioo Magistrate on Baturdoy lost, whioh oalls for somo romark on our part, qb it is ono that offeots tlio woll doing and poaoo of our oommunity, and(ono whioh domauds from thoso plaocd in authority ovor ub immodiatc and dooided logislation and administration. Wo rofor to tho throo ohildron — boys — Gilbort Smith, Arthur Cokor, nnd Donald JAmcs Wardoll, who woro brought up on a ohnrgo (and a ntranga ono it wns) of boing noglcotod ohildron. So far ns regards Cokor and Wardolli thoy wero oortninly not noglootod ; ns to Smith wo aro not ablo to spook with so inuoli oon- fldenoo, With tho dotoils of oaoh onBo wo havo nothing to do ; wo linvo simply to donl with tho question, as it relates to tho oom munity at largo. Iu tlio first plaoo wo assort that tlio larrikinism nuisanoa is a growing ovil, nnd in tho sooond wo affirm that suffi ciently dooidod stops aro not being taken to ropress it. In Haying this wo oast no roflootion whatovor upon our Polioo Magistrate nor upon tho polioo. LnrrikiniHm is somewhat of a now olomont among us ; wo liavo not yot arrivod nt the host mothod of donling Jwith it. Ono oon- olusion, ho'wovor, can but bo arrivod at ; it must bo put down with tho arm of tho law, nnd that arm oannot bo too miisoular. Tho P.M., as wo linppon to know, was justified in dis charging young Cokor ; ho wns ted nstiay by Wnrdoll, who is nn extra bad spooimon of a young Arab, and who oould not, oithor by harsh moans or kind onos, bo kopt within, or anything liko it, tho bouods of proprioty. Mr. Cokor, upon tho death of Mr. Wardoll, a widowor, and at ono tirao mnstor of tho North Rookhampton Primary Sohool, undertook, with Mr, Sarauol Rogers, to look aftor his childrou, n rlitf.w fmm uiliinli H<Aat «>... i j i w men WUU1U IIUVO shrunk, knowing whnt thoy did of thoir antooo- donts. From tho day Mr. Cokor took young Wardoll undor his roof, ho was n constant souroo of nnnoyanoo nnd troublo to liim, and in faot ovorsot his domestic arrnugomonts and tumbled his housohold godH about in all direotions. Howevor, wo slinli not plungo furthor into dotails — tho roal question nt issuo is, — what aro wo to do with our young fry, tho rooipionts of tho Stato bounty, who attend our Primary Sohools and aro prcsumodly sent thoro for tho purposo of boing fashioned into re putable and usoful membors of socioty 7 Wo MWJ wut njotuui WA UUUUUIIUU ID rotten to tho vory ooro j and that it is produc ing tho vory opposite fruit to wlint it was fondly imnginod it would do. Tho more tonohing a ohild by a narrow ourriculum, whioh oxoludos all that is usoful, and whioh oarofully avoids troncliing upon tho domains of religion, morals and history (which toaolios by examplo) is Bimpiy inBtruotiug him to bocomo a mischievous membor of socioty. It lifts him above labor, and by so doing uufits him to . fill that position, whioh uudor othor oir- oumstauooB, ho would tako viz., that of a working boo in (tho ' groat human hivo. We aro paying enormous sums annually to induco immigrants to settle down iu tho fair land of Quoonsland ; whilo ou tho othor hand wo aro paying equally onormous sums to unfit our growing boys and girls from talcing tlioir propor plaoos in tho ranks of laborors. What wo aro uoiug ou mo one uauu, wo aro undoing in tho othor. Wo aro importing foroign labor and exporting homo labor. Tho loots nro beyond dispute. Wo aro paying doublo. Tho ohildron of thoso wo import, and tho ohildrcn of tlio working classes, instead of boing educated so that they may tako their propor plaoos in tho fields of labor, bocomo inoabi upon tho shouldors of tho Stato. Thoy thruRt from thoir plaoos, nssignod by tho law of nature, tho ohildrcn of tho lniddlo classos, or becomo, ns iB proved ovory day, ovor tho whole of tho Aastrnlins, mischievous as larrikins, nnd whon oldor, dangerous as criminals. It is of no use to blink tho subjoot — it is boforo us in all its nakedness, and tho Govornmont must donl with it ns a loprosy to bo stamped out. Whon tho boysroferrod to woro in Court on Saturday, tlio front of tho gallory wns lined with larrikins, awailiug to soo how tho young reprobates would bo doalt with. Tho punishuiout awarded had tho cousequont offoot. Cokor was diBohnrgod— gloriat ! Smith and Wardoll wero sont to a Reformatory—1 " O ! that's nothing." Wo suggost that tho first sentence in nil oasos should bo n sound whipping in publio— and tlion tho Reformatory. Roly upon it tho lash, if not tlio best outo, is tho best preventive, and would tond if liliornlly Rdministorod, vory matorially to purify sooioty nnd to docroase ono of its most torriblo nuisanoos— larrikinism. Wo would ulso Buggost to our P.M. tliat ho issuo nn ordor forbiddiug all boys from attending Court, as thoy do now. Thoy onn learn nothing to their own advantago, and a groat donl to tho disadvnutngo of thoso who aro taxod first to oduontc them, and thou to pay thoir prison oxponsos. Squatting Properties.— Mosbis. Griffiths and Wonvor havo sold on account of Messrs Frazer and Andorson, tho Byron and Bannook-. burn properties in the Invorell distriot. Now South Walos. Tho sate iuolndod land, stook. plant &o.;, and the wholo was sold to A. Oruiok- Bhank, Esq., for a lump sum of £00,000.— Telegraph, The Buiiruh Railway.— A telegram wns received iu town yesterday from Mr. Powoll, who is at prcsout iu Syduoy, to tho effoot that a mooting of capitalists would bo held last night, in order to soo what steps should bo tnkon for tho satisfaotory working of the Bur- rum ooal-fiold, by way of having a lino of rail laid down from the Burruin to Maryborough. Lot us bono his efforts will bo orownnd with suooess, — Maryborough Chronicle. A Hint.— Au American gentleman, who a day or two Biucc obtaiuod a ticket and paid a leugthonod visit to the Royal Arsenal at Wool- wioh, said to a frioud on his return : — " I have soon tho nrsonnls ou tlio Continent of Europo and thoso in my own oouutry, but I have been astonishod— indood, I may say appalled— at what I havo soon at Woolwioh. You ought to mako no difficulty ubout showing it to foreign ers. Yon havo only to admit thom freely ; let tliom seo your propnratious, and no country in tho world would think of fighting you," Rumor. — Thoro is n rumor iu Brisbnno that Judge liilloy intends to ontor tho lists as a candidate for the Valley or ovon Brisbano itself. It is said ho was tho ohiof oauso of Palmer coining out for tho metropolis, and that the ronson is boaauso he is dosirouB of the Chiof Justiceship aud is not likoly to got it from Griffith, who is Biipposod to bo eom- plaoently rosorving thnt plnm for himself. Anothor rumor says Mr. Lilloy is ono of a band of patriots dosirons of Booing tho coal trado dovolopod by a lino to Bulimba; bat whatovor his motivos may be, ho is an ablo man, aud suoh mon nro wanted in tho Houso at prosont.— Ipsmich Observer. Overland Rail to Melbourne. — Last yoar wo woro takon to tho Molbourno raoos aud baokovoilaudfor£10 j but now as tho railway onrrios us ns far IVngga, tho faro is loworod to £8. Tho issuo of tiokots will coinmonoo on tho 21st instant and last till tho 2nd proximo, those romaiuing good for return till tho oud of Novomhor ; nnd in ordor that tho oonolios may not ho ovorcrowdod, tho tiokots, ns last yoar, will ho issuod only by Cobb and Co. Tho longth of journey this timo will bo thirty-six hours, out of whioh only twolvo nro' iu tho oonoh ; but last yoar thoro was twouty-soven hours of oonching out of a total of forty-oight. This should bo a nioo trip, — Toie« and Country, An old Acquaintance.— A young man namod Emilo Argle, popularly known ns Ilnrold Groy, and uiulor tho noin dd plnrao of ' Tho Pilgrim," wns Inst Monday (ao- oording to tho Molbourno Telegraph) nr- rostod by Dotootivos Foster and Nixon undor tho Influx ot Criminnls Aot, ohargod with boing illognlly at largo in Yiotorin. Tho prisonor, it appoars, hns already undergone n sentence in tlio Pontridgo PrlBon, and raoro rocontly onmo out ol a gaol in Syduoy. Ho arrived in Molbourno only a fow days ago, since when ho is said to havo written nnd pub lished a pnmphlott outitlad " Tlio Pilgrim," tho aontonts of whioh nro not nltogotlior of a moral onnractor. tuo prisoner was uronglit notoro tho City Bench nnd nllowod ono waok to loavo tho colony. This young man mndo bis dobut during Miss Jooy Goiijonhoiin's visit to Rook hampton, and prosouiod tlio npponranneo of a "bald hondod old orow." Tiie Murderer of Sergeant \v ablings. — Tho Sydney tclographio oorrospondont of tho Telegraph givos that journal tho following) pnrlioulnrs ofthc oapturo of Sorgonnt Wallings murdoror : — " After a rolontless pursuit of s-nno thrco hundred milos, tho Dubho troopers, Duffy, Lnttor, nnd Groy, rnu to oarth tho murdoror of Sergonnt Wallings. Tho gallows, howovor, wns ohoatod of its viotim by tho troopers shooting him doad. Tlio murdoror, Gibson, was sighted early on Suuday morning nt Bnrrongun, nxnotly ou tho Quoonsland border, about seventy mites from Bourko. Aftor n despornto rosistnueo ho whs mortally woundod by tlio polioo in thoir efforts to cripplo his horso. Tho murdoror was oonvoyod towards Bourko, but died in a hut ou tho Irara Station." Aramac Items. — Thoro lias boon grand doings nt Aramac, but our oorrospondont sonds us ("jR, D. Telegram) only a fow scraps of in formation. Mr. Morohond, tho mombcr for tlio niitciiou, uuuiussuu iiiiu oiooiorB on x'ruiny night, 4th iustant. Nonrly tho wholo of tlio olootors of thnt distriot, says our oorrospon dont, onmo into town for tho occasion, nnd thoro was groat onthusinsm, Tlio mooting wns crowdod, and n unanimous voto of con fidence was pnssod in favour of tho sponkor. On Saturday night a grand bnuquot wns givon in liis honour, and noarly ovorybody attondod. After stating that Mr. Morchond's roturn is cortain, oar oorrospondont, who, wo fancy, has boon onjoying himself, makos tho following humorous— though somewhat lnmo - oxouso for his noglcot of press dutirs " Everything upsido down ; Morohond horo for last four days, nnd tho wholo town on tlio sproo ; not A rlrnn of ohfillinatrnfl li»ft in t.lin tilnnn full reports by noxt mail, too " shakey" to write thom out now, ns a lunch is just tnking placo boforo tho oonoh starts." Police Protection. — Moro vigilanco and nativity on tho part of tho prosont moinbors of tlio polico foroo would bo vory Rgrooablo to tho roBidonts of sovornl parts of Syduoy. Thoro aro oortniu quarters whero bands of larrikins poriodionlly asscmhlo nnd make night liidoous with their lnngungo aud notions, nnd not un- froqueutly thoy aro iu tho habit of nnnoyiug ladies. This npplies amongst otbor parts to tho top of William-stroot, Darliiighurst, and tho vicinity of Bolmoro Park. Tho Inst- iimncd placo, which is intended as a plnao of publio recreation, is tho scono on Sundays of disgrace ful rowdyism. Now and thou tlioro is a fight which grown up men who ought to know hotter tako part in,' nnd gouornlly tho bad languugo is Buch that rospoctnblo pooplo nro afraid to entor tho park. It might bo woll if a fow polioomon in plain olottios woro sont out to oapturo onu or two oucnacrs oi tuo onaraotor uoscriiied, and mako an oxamplo of thorn. — S.M. Ueralil. The Haunted Chamber. — Whon staying at Bostwood Park tlio othor day tho Prinoo and Princess of Walos drovo ovor to Nowstoad Ablioy. In tho absonoe of Mr. nnd Mrs. Wobb their two young daughters did the honors of tho honso. Having inspcoted sundry trophies of Mr. Webb's skill as a sportsman, tho PriuoosB asked to bo shown tho Byron Rooms, and pnrtioulnrly tho " Haunted Chnmbor." After oxprossincr admiration at what sho had boon shown, tho Priuooss romnrkod : " But whero is tlio ghost ? A haunted room is nothing with out a ghost" ; aud ihoreupou began poking about with hor parasol to find one. ' Thoro is a rocess, in which part of the bedstead stands, and continuing to probo, sho noticed a move ment ns of something nlivo. All woro amnzod whou prosoutly out rushod a young woman and ran oil, nnd then anothor stood np, her fnoo coverod with her apron to hido hor oonfusion, to the great nmusomont of tho Prinoo nnd Priuooss, A Sad Story.— Charles Wolfing, a man about 35 yoars of ago, was driving a team from Broadsound to Clermont, nnd on . Thursday night, last wook, oampod somo distanoo from Huutly, along with anothor toaniBter. Thoro ho showod symptoms of insanity, by tearing off his clothos, nnd making dampers of mud. Ho stnrtod for Clermont ou tho following morning, but had gouo only a short way whon lio test all solf-oontrol, tore off his clothos, whioh ho loft lying on the rond, and dis appeared in tho bush. Information was givon by his follow tonmstor to tho polioo, who lost no timo in going in pursuit ,- and on Wednes day morning last tho man was found, on Langton run, iu porfeotly nude condition, his skin being soriously blistered by tlio sun. Ho wns brought to town by Constable Moran nnd Mr. Biolonborg, of tlio Olioosoborough Hotel, tho Inttor having suppliod liim with a suit of clothes. Ho was confined iu the look-up, but took tho earliest opportunity of ngain stripping off his olotho'B, making shrods of tho stookings and trousers. Tho Annuel shirt resisted tho operation, nnd romainod on. Iinmodiatoly on his arrival ho was attondod by Dr. Oandiotiis, and now shows indications of improvement, though snfforing sovoroly from sun-burns, whioh cover his body. — P. D, Telegram. Cool Advioe. — Tho following cool ndvico given by a faootious writor iu tho New York Tribune is sonsonablo just now, but, liko ndvioo in gonornl, it is inuoli oasior to give than to follow. Still somo of it may ho followed, and wo iuiuk wuu nuvaningo " ixow uso your ooramou-sanso. Don't bo in u hurry. This is tho first and groatest oominaudmont. Don't bo in a hurry about anything, ovon about your oooliug drinks. If you aro obligad to go down town, rido. If you must walk, tnko tho shady sido of tho stroot. Carry a sun umbrolla, Woara stout hnt of whito color, nnd tbxturo impervious to tho sun's rays, or u light straw hat oovorod with loose folds of gauzo or aambrio. Lot thoro bo u fringe to oovor tho nnpo of tho nook and tomplos. Koop the spiuo woll protec ted, and nnoourago perspiration. Got out of town if you onn. A salt-water bath is cooler aud cheaper than a doctor's visit. If a laboring man, remombor this is n oupitnl timo to striko, Tront yoursolf to a holiday. Never mind tho oight-hour law. Bottor work ton or twolvo hours iu a cooler atmosphoro than six in this weather. Whatovor happous, take it coolly, and koop your temper, Swoaring at tho boat or tho flios is far too violont oxoroiso with tlio moroury iu tho ninotioB. Try to got a good night's sloop. Lot tho olothing bo worn loosely. Drink plenty of oooling lioveragos Gold tea or ooffeo, lemonade, aud oatmeal and water, aro all good and bandy. Don' lloucli spirits or wino ; or ovon beer ; tho blood is hot enough without thom. loo. water, if takon slowly, is oooling, hnt should uot bo indulged iu too frooly. Eat sparingly, nnd of light, cooling food. Ilonvy diunors invito disaster. Tnko nn oxtra bath or two. Turn on tlio tap nnd hold tlio wrists undor it for a short timo, first applyiug water to tho uook aud bnok of tho head. Whero praotionble, spriuklo water on tlio floors aud passages. Evou vossols of water placod in rooms groatly modorato tho hont. b'ocuro a good circulation of air, aud innkc it pass ovor brokon ioc ns it ontors tlio houso. Lowor tho suit awnings or oloso tho Bhndos, so as to shut out ail Uireot sunlight. Abovo nil, romouiber from ttio first hour in tho morning thnt it is a groat doal oasior to lccop oool than to got oool nftor yon liavo foolishly honlod yourself by a little of tho avorago energy," 