LITERARY. : LITERARY COINCIDENCES. .THE more remarkable instances which follow are coincidences of words. In these not onlj are. two authors inspired with precisely the, same idea, but also with exactly the same ex pression. Not only are the features the same, but. they are set in the same proportion* Amidst infinite possibilities of combination of colour these authors have by the strangest chance painted their conception is one and th« same tint. Pope, in an epitaph on Fenton, that right honest person, fut and indolent, com mences thus- . ; This modfrt stone, what lew rain martlw <*-"% ! May truly auy, iftr* l»« an honest man. v Curiously enough, Crashaw, in an epitaph also, and also at the beginning of it, wrote concern ing Mr. Ashton, a t( comformable" citizen, by. which term he stems to mean what we a . ccuiformist-;: i \ Tho modest front of small floor, ! Believe me,' reader, can ray more - i >. Than many a braver marbUcan ! .. . ' Here liu a truly honest man. ' . Diyden, in an elogy on Anne Killigrew, one of the maids of honour of the Duchess of York, a young lady who was remarkable alike for her poems and pictures, at who*e birth the most malicious planets were in trine, and who died of small-pox at the age of twenty-fire, says Her icit was more than man, hor innocence a cTitld. Pope, mourning the death of Gav, calls him In trii a man, simplicity a cftrtd a very frigid commendation, says Dr. Johnson. To bare the wit of a man is not muoh for a poet though to have'more than the wit of a man was a ciroumstance worth mentioning in wh*told Wood contemptuously calls " womankind." Among many other surprising verbal similari ties in the " Essay ontMan," is the well-known ~ line- " See man/or min?, replies a pampered goo so. which recalls Cowley in his " Plagues of Egypt"- ' , . Xo creature biit might since say^ Jfan is mine.' . Nor is Pope's //proper'studyof mankind is man" unlike Charroh*s sentiment inhis Me /« sagesaee Xa eroy tfucte'dc rJiommc'cVst Thornm** The coincidence of expression with preceding authors in the44 Essays on Criticism" were so numerous as to induce Lady "Mary" W. Mon tana to declare that it was " all stolen." This amiable woman forgot that Us frauds etprit* soKtwrf sc recotKraU* Pope merely thought hy v; chance, like Cowley and Bolingbroke, and acci- - dentally wrote like Drrden and BoiUau. 'Blair I» tells us how the good that was scorned by man soon after its creation stalked off reluctant like tn iU-uaed ghost not to return, or, if it did, its vtsiU were Like those of angete, short and far between. The reader may imagine the distress of the Ber. Bobert Blair, when some good- natured friend called to his notice a Her. John Norris, who died about the time Blair was born, and had left in a printed book his opinion that the most exquisite and strongest joys soonest take their flight, and are IAkc Angels' risite, short. But what was the distress of the devout Blair compared with that of the convivial Campbell, who, after requesting every joy to ceaie to glimmer in his mind, so long as the light of hope was left, informs the publio that hif own winged hours of bliss have been LQx an^cl visits, icw and.farbci\rern, ! Surely not unmixed with a little natural anger ] was his sorrow when he had learned that he I had climbed " the hill that braves the stars" j in steps cut by another, that his own pretty j sentiment had been suDg before him, and with out being spoilt by something almost approach ing a pleonasm. Well may the vbard of Theodoric have exclaimed with Donatus, Jerome's tutor, and the primum moSikofprimer s "jpiereant itti qui ante nos nostra diztrunt!" Especially when they have said then better than oarBelrea. -Comhill Magazine. Air OBGAK *oa SCHOOLMASTERS.-A new periodical, devoted to the cause of education, entitled ? Bttue Tidagog'xque^ bas lately been established at Paris under the direction of M. QuHanriot A ITEW edition of Professor Bentham'i "Hand-book of the British Flora" is in the press, and will shortly be issued by Messrs - L. Eeeve and Co. The same author having com pleted his "Flora Australiensis," the final volume of which wiU be issued in a few days, is at work at his " Genera Plantarum," a new part of which may be expected before long. Academy. Hiss BBAD&OX; is at work with a new novel, to be called "The Vixen/' which will com mence appearing in AU the Tear Round in the course of the summer.-Athenaum. MESSES. REEVES and'Turner ax** about to publish "The life and Times of Jemmy Catnach," edited by Charles Hindley, with numerous woodcuts, forty-two of which are by Bewick*-Academy, . IxHr. Blanchard Jerrold's "Biography of George' Cruikshank," an original drawing, " tnie \ Gin Piend," by the author's friend/ Gustavo Dor£, will appear as a frontispiece to the second, or temperance epoch of the great caricaturist's life. -Academy. 