OUR AMUSEMENTS. operatic performances, is at present a question to be solved, ine programme of operas to be given contains all the choice and popular representations. . Theatre Royal. In spite of other and somewhat over-favourable criticisms, Mr. Punch cannot say anything in favour of the production of " The Scarlet Letter " at this theatre. It is, as now presented to the j public, hardly a representation fit to be played at the " Theatre S Royal." Mr. Punch decidedly sets his face, in the interests of the | public, against plays in which neither literary ability, wit, smart ness, nor the teachings of morality form any portion whatever. Why the management of any respectable theatre, or an artiste of the undoubted ability of Mrs Scott-Siddons should condescend to i produce or take part in plays of a simply morbid character, the plots of which, too often, exhibit neither modesty nor morals, is matter for wonderment. However, if the S. M. Herald is satisfied and can applaud, let all other critics hold their peace. Mr. Punch notices with much satisfaction that Mr. T. S. Scott-Siddons is to be honoured with a benefit this (Friday) evening, under the special patronage of the officers of the Wolverine. Gilbert's comedy " Pyg malion and Galatea" is to be given, with Mrs. Scott- Siddons, Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Harwood, and Mr. S. Lazar in the principal roles. May there be a big house ! Queen's Theatre. Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Bates have commenced what promises to be a very successful season at this theatre, the " Red Pocket Book " being the giece de resistance. This (Friday) evening Mr. Bates reappears in his celebrated impersonation of Eecles in " Caste," while Mrs. Bates sustains the character of Polly Eccles, The promised pro duction of " Lucretia Borgia" on Saturday evening, and "Pink Dominoes " on Monday evening, is a proof that the management are i desirous of presenting any amount of novelty to the Sydney public. Mdlle Chaubonnet. Under the direct patronage of His Excellency the Governor and I suite, this clever musician announces a concert to be given on Tuesday j next. Mr. Punch anticipates a rich treat and a crowded house. School or Arts. A melody of mirth, music, mischief, and mimicry, entitled " Rain bow Revels," is being given here by Mr. R. Stewart and his talented daughters. Mr. Punch has not yet had an opportunity of pronoun cing upon the merits of the performance. Skaiing Rink. Mr. Alfred Wyburd — the champion skater — is to be seen' still meandering about as gracefully as ever on the rollers, at the Temper ance Hall. The Ghost. The Ghost positively leaves after this week. Be in time if you I wish to see a real live ghost at home. I " Have a care of your entertainments."— Siiakesperk. Victoria Theatre. To- night for the last time " the Bohemians of Paris " is to be represented. Mr. Punch is glad to note, that on Monday, Lyster's English Opera Company commences a short season. Why " Ladies i need not appear in full dress," as has been the wont at all previous 