THE THEATRES, Ac. Last Friday night, that is to say Friday, November 8, Mr. Rignold took his benefit at the Theatre Royal, and played in a new piece by Messrs. Herman Merivale and Palgrave Simpson, entitled " Alone," and in " Black - eyed Susan," taking, of course, in the latter, the part of William. And, speaking of the last first, I never saw a better William. It was all a sailor should be, frank, manly, brave, loving, and handsome. In the first piece he played the part of a blind old military officer, and made it as life-like in its way as Henry the Fifth. The piece is an excellent one. It claims your interest from the moment the curtain rises, and it holds you captive to the end. Like most good plays, it has a simple story. The old officer lives alone, because his wife, on her death bed, told him she never loved him, and bis only child deserted him for a man, who, he believed, had betrayed her. But in the end, it is found that his daughter was not be trayed by her lover, but only by a female schoolfellow, who misled the lover also. The mode by which this is made known, is by the engagement of the daughter as reader to her own father, and a passage in " Lear" is made very cleverly to interpret the situation. The daughter was played most feeling by Mrs. Appleton, whose delicately graceful manner fitted the necessity of the character exactly. An accessory part gave Miss Watt an oppor. tunity of surprising and charming everybody. I have always been sure Miss Watt would make a good actress, bat if 1 had had any doubts of it, her representation of this handsome widow would have removed all of them. The authors have communicated a spice of humour to the character, by making the widow somewhat of a valetudinarian—a per fectly probable notion, for handsome yonng widows very often are factitious valetudi narians. Nothing could well be more satis factory than the acting of Miss Watt in this part. She threw away all the artificially regulated manner that ha3 sometimes a little spoiled her efforts, and was as natural as you could well wish her to be. Indeed, she was wonderfully natural. You could have imagined she had been on the stage a dozen years, and had played nothing but high comedy all the time. If Miss Watt will only not think she has no more to learn, she has a good future before her. The mistake made by most rising young actresses is, that as soon as they begin to feel themselves on firm ground, they tosB up their heads and begin to run, as if careful walking were no longer needed. One of the best actors I ever knew, told me that, at the end of a stage career of 42 years, he had only just begun to leam his art. Ecce signum. Of course Mr. Rignold made a speech, and of course the crowded house overwhelmed him with ap plause, and the ladies threw, it seemed to me, hundreds of bouquets upon the stage. On the next night he played the same pieces again, and if he had had the opportunity he might have played them for a month. He is going to New Zealand, but if he comes no J more to Melbourne I think he will commit a fault. There is a great deal for him to do in Melbourne, and I hope he will do it. On Monday night Mr. Emery made his first appearance as Dan'l Peggotty, in a version of David Copperfield, called " Little Em'ly," I do not know who dramatised it, and I do not care what authoritative warrant of approval has been bestowed upon it, but it is by no means so good a version of the story as the one adapted by George Fawcett Rowe, at the PrinceBs'a ever so many years ago, when he himself played Micawber, and Dolly Green, now a popular actress in London, played Mrs. Micawber. " Little Em'ly," as we now have it, is a dismal play, and the Micawber business is only tacked on to the Emily business, and has no sort of dramatic connexion with it. Thus, then, I speak of Mr. Emery apart from the play, and judging him only by the part he sustains. He is an excellent actor, excellent because natural; he is free from all stage artifice, he ■peaks as if he felt what he was saying, he moves as if he had a purpose to work out, and as if he belonged to the story; he is earnest without any strained effort to be earnest; in his passion there is no exaggera tion ; his voice is full of sympathetic tone, and hiB tenderness is real, honest, and homely. He reminds me sometimes of Lam bert, who, in his way, was unequalled, Mr: { Emery, therefore, ought to have a successful time with ns, hut I do not think his snccess will be in " Little Em'ly." Concerning the others who played in this pjece, first mention must be made of Miss Navaro, whose Rosa Dartie possessed an astonishing quality of tragic force. Mrs. Appleton's Little Em'ly was very full of sweet girlishness, and her penitence was real and not bverdone. Mr. Appleton's David j Copperfield showed, how completely able hei ris to depict the fresh frankness of unspoiled., youth. !Mr. Sefton's Ham was worth a column of praise for its genuineness, and MiBS Melrose's Agnes Wickfield, if not the j Dickens Agnes, was an agreeable substitute for it. In like manner Mr. Greville's Micawber was a very amusing Micawber of j his own. creation, but it was not the creation of Dickens. The other characters were repre-' sented as if the actors and actresses had never read Dickens, or, if they had, that they had not marked, learnt, and inwardly digested him. Some of the .scenery in this presentation was of the best kind; otherpartsof it were absurdly , inexpressive. Of the latter was the office of Mr. Wickfield. Of the former.was an ex terior mopnlight View of Canterbury Cathe dral. Tbisi wAb h picture one could have . looked at jfor a long time and nothave grown j ft. ; Creswick lias beta repeating cha- , rabters at theOpCra*houBe. 'On Tfaufodiay he appeared for tbefirat tfoaefafcibis thtatre eis Sir Giles Overreach, and played with more1 On Saturday last The Two M Bar was revived at the a 6j Off^Avt #,< . _ . Ac&denv; u m the. /_* «r# Ogdea, of coarse, taking L Morton, and playing it with KfM rough picturesqueneBs of which ^ ,fine« capable. Miss Beatrice nk0Jn?h . he> so and threw herself into tSSSf'0^ of the impetuous Spanish ing zest. But, with the IxZut t ^' Dixon, who took the part of the . .V* serving-woman, and Miss SiwS"^?8 played the DuchesB not ill the mo*' ® cast was not an improvement ofth8 the Princess's. To delcr?b!IT* ally, I might Bay that Mr Plemm>m uai?er')* dothUr8tAT8Par0Xy8mal; don, as Colonel Starbottle, was in,? «ve; that Mr. Frome, TwV* ton was uncertain; thkt Mr *?* aa Don Jose, was dull; that Vivian, as the Detective and tberv' man, was vague and exaggerated A" Howard, as the Shadow, was laboured tW S V ret> a' Conch0' waa atrabilious - ?*] that Mrs. Herndon, as Mary Mm-™ ' artificial. y Iorri8' was different from that at the PrinceSST^ months ago. Miss Lizzie Dixon played 2 a most engaging prettiness the part of LoS known m the original as Gertrude, and Miss Beatrice dashed pleasantly through the tni88 ° • ta,cked on of the hug. I hand-borrowing wife. Mr. Ogden was aJil j well suited with his part of the Bash ful Boy. Last night Mr. and 1 SCrf°" Were to teke a benefit, and on j Monday Mr. Ogden takes his benefit. Mr ' resumea Possession of this house next Thursday, and on the Saturday follow, j ing, Mr. Bracy's opera bouffe company open I season with "Les Cloches deCW Tlll% r P^Ce noW performin& in Paris at Les h olies Dramatiques. On Tuesday there was an amateur perform ance at this theatre, for the benefit of the Children a Hospital and the Shipwreck Relief Pond. The house was very much crammed but the audience was extremely elegant! What a pity it is that elegant people will not learn sufficient of good manners to refrain, from conversation during a performance The play was "Blue Beard," the same Blue Beard" as was done at St. Kilda some weeks since, and the actors and actresses were, for the most part, the same also. With some paring-down the burlesque would not be a bad one, but it wants compression and curtailment, and some of the business is exceedingly venerable. But the local matter is not ill-introduced, and the musical portions are tastefully brought in. The singing, therefore, was better than the acting, and yet there was some good The ladies were better than the gentlemen, and the lady who stood outmost prominently was Sister Ann. She has a voice you can listen to with satisfaction, and I think if she were to take to the stage, she would be worth j some manager's while to develope. Fatima, too, was by no means badly played, and the Princesses, Zuleika and Pretty Pet, 1 were most dainty little creatures, and sang as if they knew how to sing. Mother Shipton, an interpolated character, was played by a lady who obviously has a habit of asserting herself; she is a pleasantly irre i pressible person, whom you could not well put down, or who, if you did, would be up ; again in a moment, and as lively as ever. | ffhe little boy who played a telegraph-boy is a boy who will probably make his mark , one of these days. Of course the dresses were very beautiful, and of course the bouquets thrown were multitudinous, ! and of course there was a great deal of applause, and so I suppose everybody | was delighted. 1 am Bine those on the stage were; and if those not on the stage were not delighted, we will agree that they were very unsatisfiable persons. None of the names of the actors were in the bills, but as it was well known that they all belonged to a certain circle in society, quite oilier than that from which, for the most part, the amateur ranks are recruited, the great throng which crowded the theatre was readily enough accounted for. With such a monetary success, it can hardly help but that we shall see them again. „ , . Hie U.S. Minstrels have kept up well their attraction. They retire shortly, to give way to the -Baldwins; but we shall all hope to see them again. The Ghost is still at the Athenaeum. I have to correct an error which I maae v^aIt in flfotinflp fYint, Miftfl PftSfiti l&tGJy; x xwve w uorr^Ub pu "u»vn * last week in stating that Miss Paget, lately with Mr. Wheatleigh's company at Emeraia liilj, was the ; Miss Paget formerly at the TheatyeBoyal. It is not the same lady. but a lady Vho has previously been favourably * -- —f thA colonies as Miss Aliy.lVU 111 OCVC&CU; v* Vernon Rose. TAHITI 