Our Sydney Letter. | Rober -?- : ., both [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Bon , ¦ March 25. Bessen A fatality. seems to hang over the electoral law of New South Wales. It is badly in want of: amendment, yet every attempt to amend it ends, in failure. Sir John Robertson tried to patch it: up in 1869; by proposing increased representation for certain districts, but the Parliament dissolved before his bill was matured.' Sir Henry Parkes next tried his hand at it. He got a bill through the Assembly, but the Council, very injudiciously, inserted certain money clauses into it, and the measure was set aside in consequence, the notion of the Upper House being regarded as unconstitutional... In 1876, again, Sir John Robertson' '. proposed to amend and consolidate the law-suit his Government were too weak, and their hands too' full, to do more than talk about it. Both gentlemen sought again in 1877 to put the representation of the people on a more satisfactory, basis, but their tenure of office was too short for the desired end to he accomplished. Now the Far nell-Fitzpatrick Administration makes electoral reform the cardinal point in the programme of their first session. They get their bill past its second reading without difficulty, but when in committee it is thrown out on a technical point of constitutional law. Objection is taken to the bill on the ground that as it involves the expenditure of public money in connection with the new elections it authorises to be held, it should have been preceded by a recommendation from the Crown. Mr. Speaker ruled that the objection was fatal. The bill, however, is not to be abandoned. The objection was not raised with the view of getting rid. of it, or of embarrassing the Government, though there is undoubtedly a good deal of jealously about this question of electoral reform, and each party in the Assembly has on every occasion hitherto done its best to thwart the other in its endeavor to amend the law. It is a good but difficult card to successfully play. The Ministry that succeeds in this matter will earn the gratitude of long suffering constituencies, and the Opposition party, you know, could never stand that. But things have come to such a pass that the people will brook delay no longer, without knowing the. reason why. Any attempts to burke the passing of a measure that will correct existing anomalies would be regarded with suspicion. This the present Opposition knows, and although its leaders got up a show of resistance to the present bill, and assumed to treat it with contempt, they saw plainly that the great majority of the House was unmistakably favorable to it, and they were not game to divide the House against it. But Sir John Robertson wants to have a (larger, in the pie; He is not going to let ," the other fellows" have all the credit, and has consequently given notice of his intention to move a series of amendments, the chief of which is to place the power, of determining disputed elections in the hands of the Judges of the Supreme Court, instead of, as at present, in a committee of the Assembly. whether the House will stop to deal with this question just' now, when it is especially desirable to close the session without delay, is uncertain.. As it is a week has been lost through the interruption' to the progress of the bill, and that fact may operate against Sir John's proposal getting the consideration that it otherwise undoubtedly would. The Government took the earliest opportunity of moving for the reintroduction of the bill, which will probably be in committee again next week. Apropos of the Electoral Bill, here is an echo from the smoking-room :?Anticipating some such objection as was raised by Mr. Greenwood, the Colonial Secretary, at the suggestion of the Premier, waited on the Speaker ? privately and asked his opinion as to whether the bill required a gubernatorial message. After going carefully through the bill, Sir George Allen gave it as his opinion that the bill did not require a message, as it did not come within the category of measures which proposed to appropriate public money. Strange, is true, is it not? But Mr. Speaker Allen was cornered. He had ruled an Education Bill and a Contagious. Diseases Bill out of order on a similar point, and it would have been inconsistent in him to have ruled otherwise with this bill. " The Estimates were under consideration on Wednesday. There were only the Postal arid part of the Works votes to got through, but the Minister for. Works was absent through a domestic ; bereavement, and the Colonial Treasurer, who occupied his place, could not sufficiently satisfy the hunger of certain hon. members for information, and the Railway Estimates were consequently postponed. All the others were passed. The time of the Assembly on Thursday was well occupied,, notwithstanding the temporary collapse of the Electoral Bill. A bill to repeal so much of the Volunteer Act as relates to free grants of land to Volunteers passed its second reading, and its third on the following day. This measure has long been wanted. When Sir Henry Parkes first conceived the idea of giving Volunteers 60 acres of land for five years' service, the proposal was hailed as a healthy stimulant to patriotism, But it was a fatal and mischievous mistake. The effect was most demoralising on the Volunteer force, and the injury did not stop there. They were allowed to transfer their land-orders. Those land-orders suddenly acquired an almost fictitious value in 1 the market. They passed into the hands of land-jobbers, and were used in such a way as to seriously interfere with legitimate settlement, by shutting out the bona-fide selector. All this will be put a stop to by the bill the Assembly has just passed, and, more 'over, the Government intend, as soon as the state of public business will permit, to introduce a' measure that will, it is hoped, put the Volunteer force on a sound footing, somewhat similar to the Naval Brigade, who are paid regularly, and who are as fine and efficiently trained a corps of men as any country could desire. Speaking of military matters reminds me that the forces are still in camp at the Heads, ready for,! if not: exactly expecting, an enemy. The torpedo corps have recently had their first general parade (in their new uniforms) at Pearl Bay, where they laid a torpedo and blew a boat to "smithereens" with considerable smartness. They are getting' well' into their new harness under Major Cracknell's command,' and will, it is fully believed he all there when wanted," whenever that maybe. The latest telegraphic news from Europe is not altogether of the most peaceful character, 'tis true ; but since the sub- jugation of Turkey by Russia,' the dogs of war seem to be content to snarl without any more biting. s' 'a rifle--. his 'son's':,-. ; i s .' The council of the Agricultural Society of New South Wales is busy preparing for the Annual Metropolitan Intercolonial ' Exhibition, which opens on the 23rd April. Entries close on the 1st April. A'goodBhowis'expected.1 behave in Mr. H. M. Wright an active and energetic secretary, arid : who, though ' not a Joubert, is undoubtedly the best representative that could be found for that astute showman. The - general entries,! I team, are, equal to those of last year, all sections being well represented. Tasmania, and New Zealand will send cattle, and Victoria sloop ; but what about Queensland, which made such a fine display last year? Mr. Wright tells me that he has received no entries from your colony yet; This ought not to be. At all events, send us some visitors. 'The excitement caused by the sectarian flare- upon Hyde Park is subsiding, and people are beginning to see the proceedings in their true light Failing to justify their conduct on any other ground, Pastor Allen and his friends endeavor to fire the public mind with the absurd idea that " liberty of speech was assailed. But it wouldn't do, and the great mass of the people condemn the utterances of the Baptist preacher as an uncalled-for insult to the adherents of the old faith. The subject was broached in Parliament, where the Colonial Secretary, with rather more warmth than the occasion seemed to require, defended the action taken by the Government in ordering outcome of the forces to prevent riot. He said if blood had been shed it would have been on the heads of those who countenanced the meeting in the Protestant Hall, and added that if it was liberty of speech for a man to insult his fellow citizens, he would say, trample on that liberty of speech. But Mr. Fitzpatrick belongs to the Church whose adherents he considers were' be insulted, and allowance may be made for his display of feeling, "especially where he; found himself compelled to issue an order to support the very party whom he considers were morally, though not legally,' the aggressors, iinB,:| Whoever broke the peace, he said, should 129th be knocked on the head."!,' The expression','' although, not seriously meant) gave Sir John ith wills in the vice atton see it is a T so p men, Him towns So obser Syiir metr rising; to Ul New Tl Sidd a she supp Scot! Arno Miss ClOUE who "Sh Flea Char play ably into by J play is a public place feature drama gard those giant low prod Mr; tho i parte star, with bijou and at fl orig! cont Viet Oak of it Selie after Tl Soul part He. land both C< press and place squs pass Em 31st hub; after par) ther clad two his: more free 'she did tion hole over Bini Fan mig the rest per cou clai mil "' tion out sec gave us: who per: a s and the pOB COU ing as If I log! Mrs Wu Pei On Robertson a fine opportunity to poke fun at the hot-headed Chief Secretary Sir John Robert son, while he gave Pastor Allen credit for con- s scientiousness?(a stretch of liberality, some will say characterised his conduct as licentious in the highest degree. Pastor Allen held sera-' vice in the Park on Sunday, but there was no attempt at a disturbance Indeed, people river'. ? . see the folly of taking any notice of him. Still it is a pity the uses of the public parks should be so perverted as they have been, and by such men, too, as profess to follow the precepts of Him who preached peace on earth and good-will towards men. . 2 r .'' Some journalistic changes are taking place, I ' observe. That facile writer Mr. Traill comes to:: Sydney shortly to take a position on one of the ' metropolitan journals; ; Messrs Charles Syne, a ; .riBing.yo'uhg journaliat/haslefttheHcraW. staff to undertake the editorial duties of the leading Newcastle paper. That refined and gifted actress, Mrs. Scott Siddons, has returned to Sydney, and commenced a short farewell season at the Queen's Theatre, supported by a very good company. Mr. T. S. Scott-Siddons has the lesseeship of the theatre! Among the company are Miss Constance and' Miss Alice Deorwyn, two intelligent and vivacious young actresses; Mr. William Andrews, who immortalised himself as Deacon Skinner in i." Struck . Oil;" Mr. C., Mortyne, Mr. H. Flemming, Mr. Charles Holloway, Mrs. Charles Jones, and others. The company, opened on Saturday in Byron's remarkably successful comedy, "Our Boys," which was introduced to the Sydney stage some time ago by Mr. Horace Lingard, and which has been played in London for over a thousand nights. It is a lasting reflection on the taste of the Sydney-, public that this splendid comedy, splendidly played as it was, drew but poor, audiences. The feature,of,,the piece in the character Perkin Mid desires, a retired butterman, of which Mr. Lingard gave such a finished impersonation that those who saw it, can speak of it only in extravagant superlatives. Mr. Andrews is a very good ? low comedian, but suffers in comparison with his predecessor in the character of Middlewich, arid Mrs Lingard's impersonation is still be fresh- in a , Hbo mind that one cannot help making the comparison. Mrs. Scott-Siddons is, of course, the star, and a bright particular star she is, shining, - with a lustre that was never before died in the fly theatre in York-street. She had a large, and fashionable audience. The Darrells are still',' at the Royal, doing immoderate business with,.." original sensation dairies ;' and Mr. Creswick" continues to attract large audiences to the Victoria. He has added The Stranger and' - Cardinal Wolsey ("King Henry VIII.") to his list of impersonations. The Marionettes are at the School of Arts, and Darcy Read's Ghost Show at the Guildhall, ,;,; , ? ., 22, < r The Rev. Charles Clark has returned to New South Wales. He has some new lectures prepared, the best being " Westminster Abbey." He lectured, last week at Newcastle and Maitland, and commences in Sydney this week. At both country places he drew crowded audiences. Commenting on the case decided in the Supreme Court of New South Wales shooting day,' and which turned upon the interpretation to be placed upon the words "block of five miles square," in the 31st. section of the Land Act passed in that colony in 1875, the Sydney Evening News says:?" The decision given on the 31st clause in the Supreme Court was almost as unsatisfactory as the resolution of Parliament, although not open to the objection that it was a party vote' The court confirmed the decision of the Parliament on the interpretation of the clause, but the Chief Justice dissented from his two colleagues. His acknowledged ability, and his long Parliamentary experience, give his judgment the greatest weight, and he not only differs from the other Judges, but thinks their view 'absurd.' Justice Hargrave and Justice Faucett did not think it necessary to find out the intention of the Legislature from the contest, but hold that a ' block of five miles square' meant exactly a 'block,' and not an 'area.' The strangest part of the decision is that Justice Faucett held that the same quantity of land might be acquired in smaller blocks, although if the whole amount were applied for, it would be refused. To put the matter more plainly, a person with an irregular run of 10,000 acres could not obtain 640 acres in virtue of the 31st clause, because he would have no block of five miles square, but he might take up smaller por- tions ryder the phrase ' a proportionate quantity out of any loss area, and thus might, perhaps, secure the 640 acres. Justice Faucett merely gave his opinion on this point, but it seems remarkably like a reductio ad absurdum of the whole case. The court gave no judgment on the point whether the plaintiffs might have taken up a smaller area; but, judging from the utterances of their Honors, we should suppose that they would agree with the Chief Justice's supposed case, a man with 15,999 of any shape could got nearly 640 acres, while a person holding 20,000 acres, out of which he could not get a block of five miles square, was to get nothing. If this is a fair specimen of the work of our legislators, heaven preserve us." ''> While the Premier was sitting at dinner at Magnolia plantation one day last week (says the Wide Bay News) it was noticed that fully 200 Polynesians had gathered in front of the house. On; making enquiries as to their intention it was ascertained that they were desirous of interviewing the " big follow master)''-; Mr. Douglas shortly afterwards went on to the verandah when a Kanaka, who spoke excellent English, desired to know what for no let him boy take him gun along of island!" Mr. Douglas explained that those boys who already possessed guns would be allowed to retain them, but he requested that no more firearms should be purchased. The " boys" did not conceal - their displeasure at this, to them, very unsatisfactory reply, and their spokesman. boldly declared "no more boys come along of Queensland. Boys altogether go Fiji. Plenty guns along of-kin." Mr.; Horrocks, who had been present throughout the' interview, then endeavored to divert the thoughts of the islanders by proposing " three cheers for the Governor." But the Kanakas refused to respond. Mr. Boughey, one of the proprietors of the plantation;-wasequolly unsuccessful, the boys making off-for their huts when he showed a disposition to insist on the cheers being given. In justice to Mr. Boughey, we should state' that he endeavored to prevent the interview taking place, considering that, as Mr. Douglas was his guest, it was a breach of hospitality to allow the Polynesian question to be broached. But his threats of displeasure if the boys did not go away were disregarded, and for once he found his authority over his servants set aside. They were determined to see Mr. Douglas and learn the worst from him. It is our painful duty (says the Border Post) this week to record a fatal gun accident, the unfortunate victim being a fine intelligent lad, about 15 years old, son of our respected post master, Mr. T. L. Mahony. ., On Tuesday evening last the unfortunate lad, in company with a younger brother, was wallaby shooting in the New Banca paddock, some distance beyond the residence of the Rev. Mr. Hugill, and after a time both lads sat down upon a rock to rest. In rising from his seat the gun by some means exploded, the hammer, which was quite down, apparently, catching against the rock and ship ping the cap. The gun was loaded with shot, and contained almost a double charge, the whole of which entered the thigh from the inner side, just below the groin, penetrating,' as ultimately found, the abdomen. Notwithstanding the frightful'' wound inflicted, the' poor boy, with a degree of courage and fortitude'-.', almost incredible, hopped with the assistance of his brother, a distance of about 100; yards homewards, before succumbing to pain and exhaustion. The sufferer was ultimately conveyed to the temporary residence of the family, the".' Melbourne Hotel, having in the meantime lost an enormous quantity of blood. , Dr. Marley was sent for at once, but pronounced the wound' fatal immediately upon examination' The poor I lad lingered, however, until 'about'seven'o'clock next morning, when he calmly passed a way, perfectly conscious to the lost,'' not' a" 'murmur escaping his lips during''thelong.£hburs;,o£; suffering [It is but':'¥r;few:,'w^lbJl'^ey:rMliBve>-'; Fairlee Mr. Mahoney left'-Brisbsrie|t'9'ierit^r upon in,' his duties as postmaster at' Stanthorpev --ySiv man's: ar- r; -street HIH&^-'S? 