« HOW TO PKOLONG LIFE.' Dr. Joyce delivered a lecture on u How to Prolong Life' to. a crowded audience in the City Mission Hall, on Thursday even ing, July 4. We publish the lecture in eztenso ; — Your Worship, Ladies, and Gentleman — The subject of niy lecture 'How to Prolong Life ' is one that interests every member of the .human family. There is nothing w-* valtte so much, aud it is to tnnx we cling witli a. tenacity characterised by nothing else. We can form some idea of its value, for at those times when death seenis inevitable we would give worlds did we possess them to live. I believe many per sons die before their time, and, therefore, cannot a-rree with thos9 who believe that all the deaths that take place are decreed by the Almighty, as many things occur in this world with which the Divine Being has nothing whatever to do. The Supreme Ruler of the universe governs the world by fixed laws, and it is when men break these laws they suffer, as a^ natural consequence, and in many cases bring themselves to a. premature grave. I believe the infant is created, to ? uecome me cnuu, me unuu. uj becoinethe adult, the adult to live to old age, and then, after having had an oppor tunity of fulfilling the designs fcr which he. was created, to be gathered to bis fathers. There are exceptions, but it ir, the rule of which I speak. Tou some tunes hear persons say they wish they wre dead. They tell you they are tired of this world, and don't care how soon death relieves them from its troubles. They remind one very forcibly of the pious negro whose feelings* were so hurt because his master reproved him before a number of gentlemen when waiting at table, that wneu ue retuea u- rest, w in* usuiu uciu tions, he prayed something like the follow j,,g:! — -'O, Lord! Sambo want to die. Massa very angry with Sambo to- night, and Sambo no more want to live. Sambo want de Lord to send de Angel Gabriel to take poor Sambo right away to Abraham's bosom. Do, Lord, dis very night; dis very moment. O, let the Angel Gabriel come to take poor Sambo right away.' A young nobleman sleeping in an adjoining room overheard Sambo, wrapped himself in a sheet, and when Sambo's wrestlings were at a climax, gave three tremendous knocks at the door — ' Whose dar,' cried Sambo. ' The Angel Gabriel has come to take Sambo right away to Abraham's bosom.' (Laughter.) Sambo's reply was — 'O, massa, that one nigger no live here ; him dead long ago.' With that he Llew out his light and scrambled into his bed. (Laughter.) And so these per sons when really brought face to face with Tlpafh will sa.v or do anvthin? to keen out of his clutches. It is, .as Shakespeare says — ** The undiscovered country, from whose bourn No traveller returns, puzzles the will ; And makes us rather bear those ills we liave ,. Thau fly to others that we know not of.' If life then be of such great value, and many persons die before their time, it is certainly of vital importance to U6 to study how we may prolong it. A great deal has been said to you of late by previous lecturers about the babies : and ffood advice has been given, if you will only act upon it. I do not intend toTsay much about them this even ing, .but cannot avoid mentioning one or two evils that exist among mothers in reference to their babies, and which, I believe, do a great deal towards increasing infantile mortality. The poor little things are frequently sent out in a perambulator, -with a little nursegirl, on days when there is a cold bleak wind blowing, and some times rain, and sit shivering in the cold for .some hours, while the thoughtless nurse is either gossiping about or gaping in at shop windows; aud, when taken into the house the mother rushes with it to the fire, orders more wood to be put on, for, as 4he says, ' the poor little creature is perishing with the cold.' They are also allowed to crawl about the damp floors of the houses, with their clothes wet, all the door3 open, and subject to all the draughts . in the coldest weather ; and when the plaintive criea of the infant at last brings the mother to its help she again rushes with it to the fire. It is also a common practice with many mothers to take their infants out of an evening, aud expose them to the evil influences of the night air. Returning home some time after, the fire is again eagerly sought. She warms her child and puts it to bed, as she imagines, in safety. It is here we have the origin of many infantile diseases. The mother re tires to rest some two or three hours after, but, the flushed cheeks, the laborious breath ing, and the hot skin tell her that her child is ill, and the Destroyer has already com menced his work. The cold or the night air alone was sufficient to create disease, but the violent reaction caused by the sudden in crease of temperature has facilitated mat ters and made them worse. On the same principle that frost-bitten parts of the body would soon mortify if brought to the fire, so when the temperature of the lungs is reduced by exposure to severe cold and the child is then brought before a large fire, the reaction is so great and sudden that it creates disease, and frequently inflamma tion of the lungs is the ^sult. My advice to you is to keep your children warmly clad ; don't allow their little bodies to be exposed to the cold and bleak winds, rain, or night air, and extremes of temperature. Feed them on Nature's food and follow Nature's Laws, and you will find that their kittle lives will be prolonged. Do the re verse, siiul you have one great reason why babies die. The con i-int ana Habitual use m alco ho'llc li.nii,., act injuriously upon the system, a ;:1 in many * :ises shorten life; therefore, !?? -i';M?-,di)ii such practice must prolong life. i. ;un not altogether a total abstainer, neither am I going to deliver a lecture on total abstinence1, nor do I intend to try to rouse your feeling of horror by describing the misery, crime, mii thousands of deaths caused by intoxication. I shall make no comment on the £117,000,000 of invested capital', or the 60,000 deaths c'aused annually by drunkenness alone in Oreat Britain. My object is to show you iiow alcohol acts upon the human Bystem, and that taken in certain quantities it does shorten life. Alcohol when taken into the stomach becomes absorbed, enters the cir culation, and finds its way to all parts of tb» body. Between the two sets of large Soloed vessels there is a set of very small ones termed capillaries, and from the blood in these minute vessels the structures of organs derive their constituent parts, every organ and tissue of the body being built up by a process of selection. Man possesses also the highest developed nervous system. One set of nerves govern those motions that arc involuntary, auotuer set arc directly under the influence of the will. The minute blood vessels of which I spoke have the power of contraction and dilatation, which power is governed by nervous action, as nerves accompany them throughout the body. Let us now for a minute or two follow the process of intoxication. If you watch persons who are drinking, you will find that when the alcohol is beginning to circulate the face is flushed, the eyes brighten, conversation be comes more exciting, ideas flow more freely, aud you can easily see that a change has taken place. The cause of the flushing or redness of the face is the dilatation of these minute blood vessels in consequence of a reduction of nervous control. If you now examine the heart and pulse you will find not offering so much resistance through being paralyzed ; the heart is excited to greater action ; it is working beyond its natural strength, but at last flags and re quires more alcohol to keep it going. Then we find there is a want of co-ordination. The muscles especially those of the legs, lose their power, there is partial paralysis, and often do we see persons trying to walk straight, and imagine they are doing so, to the amusement of the children and by standers in the streets. The brain centres at last beeome overpowered, the body no longer obeys the dictates of the will, the^ senses 'are gone, and the intoxicated person falls apparently lifeless to the ground. Alcohol has produced its paralyzing effect on the nervous system, and its victim has become completely prostrated. From this state the individual may soon recover; but let him at once repeat it a.«ain and .i'-ain, which is frequently done, and you find he trembles from head to foot; his eyes have a wild and ghastly stare; the least thing startles him : he knows not where he is ; *he imagines that all kinds of beings, reptiles, hobgoblins, and devils sur round him and are clamoring for his life ; he tries to escape, but they follow him in increased numbers; his reason is over balanced: he is a wild and furious maniac : and at last, in many cases if not prevented, terminates his existence by committing suicide. ButI wish to speak more particularly about the effects produced by the prolonged use of alcohol taken in (so termed) moderation. But what is moderation? Some people tell you that if you are not intoxicated, drink as much as you like, it is moderate drinking. In many cases I should call this immoderate, drinking. What I call mode rate drinking is the custom followed by many persons of taking a. few glasses of alcoholic liquors daily. For example, a glass or two of wine or beer at luncheon, three t»r four glasses of wine tor dinner, two for dessert, and then a glass of toddy before going to bed. A much less quantity of alcohol than that I have mentioned, taken daily and regularly, will produce the effects which I am about to describe. I have already told you that alcohol paralyzes the blood vessels by reducing their nervous power; hence there is constant relaxation, and they become changed in their diameter. The heart, to an extent, is set free, and consequently it does a large amount of extra work ; and if to-day, under the influence of this stimulus, it makes 20,000 or 30,000 beats more than is natural, it cannot sink back to its iiot mal state without feeliugsome disturbance: it is an organ that feeds its own structure with blood, and is the first to suffer from an irregular supply. The consequence of this constant dilatation of the blood vessels is that the heart becomes enlarged, the openings through which the currents .of blood Hov? are dilated; its valves are stretched and cannot adapt themselves; the fine curds which hold the valves in position are strained ; its walls are thickened, and the whole organ becomes niodiiied, both in its mechanism and in its action. This state of things cannot con tinue lonir without some other de generative changes taking place in the structure of the other tissues. a li -.1)1,-1) lia.i it orftflt atfinitv for water, and when taken continuously into tbs system draws the water from certain structures, which absolutely require it, rtriidc-rithr them more or lews solid, thus causiii.T deterioration in all the structures of the body. There is a process of dialyses continually going on in the body, and in which the various membranes of the body play an important part. What I mean by dialy.^s f will explain by a simple illustra tion*. I have a. liquid 'containing various substances, in which there is one I wish to separate from the others. I take a piece of parchment, stretch it over a small hoop, pour the liquid into it, and float on dis tilled water, and the substance I want becomes diffused through the parchment into the water. This parchment is called the dialyser. The membranes to which I just now referred are very fine structures. They surround the various tissues and organs of the body, and act as dialysers. They require to retain a large quantity of water to enable them to perform their functions. I have told you that alcohol possesses a great affinity or liking for water, and it so acts upon these membranes as to deprive them of the water they contain, producing a shrinking and thickening, reducing their functional power, and causing them to contract upon the matter they contain, and condensing it wher f-ws; if. rn.nw lio «ttiintt-fl TIia VAaiilt. of this continued perverted action is dis ease. We find it giving rise to indigestion in one of its worst forms, nervousness, sleeplessness, and loss of memory; go a little further, and in many cases you have dipsomania and intermittent indulgence to dangerous excess. Th.e young may appear to escape its modifying effects for some years while the process of assimilation, secretion, and excretion are in their full activity, and the poisonous agents with which tlie blood and tissues are saturated are disposed «£ readily and promptly ; but the time will come when its effects will be realised, maybe when it is too late to remedy the evil. I do not mean to say that taking a glass of liquor occasionally cpn taining common or ethylic alcohol will produce this condition, but I do say that taken daily and regularly, in so termed moderation, it will sooner or later show itself, and is freauently seen in the face by that dull leaden hue of the skin so characteristically significant of prolonged indulgence. Habits of cleanliness are means by which iife may be prolonged. The human skin is a complex piece of machinery, and plays an important; part in the preservation of health. It 13 an excretory organ, and ox halation by it is greater th;m that ]jy the lungs, and which is due principally to two sets of glands called sebaceous or grease glands, and sudoriporous, or sweat glands. There are millions of sweat glands in the skin, and which may be compared to a number of little boilers continually throw ing off steam, and surrounding the body in an atmosphere of vapor. The quantity of matter thrown off by the skin of ahealthv person during twenty-four hours amounts to about two pounds, and were you to varnish a person all over, you could not use a. much more successful means of putting him to death. It is very necessary that the skin should be kept per fectly clean, for when it is covered with dirt, and cast-off matter allowed to accumu late upon its surface, it cannot do its work properly — hence poisonous material is r-?- tained in the system, giving rise to all kinds of of disease. I believe there are numbers among civilized people who have never had a good wash in their lives. Their ideas of clean liness are very peculiar, and they imagine that if the thickest of the dirt be removed from the face and hands, they are clean. All persons have not the means for taking a daily bath, but there are few but what could manage td wash the whole of their body once a week. ](]xterna.l appearances are no index to the cleanliness of a. person's body. There is a. very amusing story told by the la.te Professor Simpson, of Edinburgh, illustrating this fact. At the time he introduced chloroform it was a common occurrence at evening parties at his house for some of the party to become narcotised. A well-known dandy stoutly and indignantly denied that all sensation xoa.a Inst Hiirino- flip tinifl t.liH rh'ntv i^vAi-tud its influence. Again he was put under its influence, and Professor Simpson resolved to give him ocular proof of his unconscious ness by removing his boots and stockings. He did so, and the astonished youth on awakening found that the party were staring with mingled laughter and disgust at his feet, which were as black as a coster monger's. I need not tell you that the young man soon disappeared, and was not seen again in society for some time. In cases of sickness to strictly carry out the doctor's instructions is another means of pro longing life. Some people blame the doctors for killing their patients, but I believe that more persons die for want of good nursing than from bad medical treatment. There is a story told of a countryman in Kngland who had heard that if he went to London for medical advice he would see outside all the doctors' doors the ghosts of all the patients they had killed, lie passed a number of doctors' houses, outside of which he saw a great number of ghosts, but after travelling for some distance came to a doctor's residence were there was only oue ghost. Delighted with this discovery be now thought he could consult the cleverest' physician in England, but on making enquiries found that that doctor had only had one patient. He returned to his home, repeating to him self — ' I may as well be killed in the country as in London.' Many persons attach *too much importance to medicine and too little to their medical adviser's in structions. I believe certain medicines are invaluable when properly prescribed, but can assure you that a medical niau's skill consists as much in knowing what to tell people to do aud what.not to do. But there is a class of people who expect you to work miracles by means of medicine alone, irre spective of what they may do to counteract its influence and aggravate the disease. A short time ago one of my patients suffering from typhoid lever fancied a raw apple and a glass half full of colonial beer, which he took, although I had repeatedly given him strict instructions as regards his diet. The consequence was he nearly killed him self, and the only excuse he could give was he thought there was no harm in it. A great want in this colony is trained nurses, aud I am pleased to fiud that one object connected with the Children's Hospital is for that purpose. Almost every woman imagines she is capable of nursing and caring for the sick, although entirely desti tute of any previous experience whatever. It is a thing which women require to learn, and which they should be taught, and even with that tllere are many trim are in no way adapted for it. I will -just mention two out of the very many things that con stitute a good nurse. These ave- to do as she is told, and keep her brains clear by not muddling them with alcoholic liquors. I do not like to say anything against the females, for I do not know what I should do without them ; but I know they will agree with me in 'saying that there i.-i a class of meddling women who by their ' wis Hnm' rlr» n orrt^af. rl£-*i) nf lmvni- T will o'ivft you one illustration. A person suffering from a disease of the eye, after trying various remedies himself was advised by certain females to try the following : — One said, apply hot linseed meal poultices ; No. 2 recommended cold bread and water poul tices ; No. S, tea leaves ; No. 4, bluestone : No. 5, sugar of lead; No. 6, tobacco smoke; for, as she said, it -would make the water run and bring away the matter ; and the last was the infallible remedy of a slice of fat pork placed over the eye at bed-time. And so he went on until his sight was nearly lost, and was compelled to consult a doctor, which cost him several pounds; but in the first instance might have been cured for a few shillings. This is not the only evil caused by this class of females, for they often interfere wheve medical men are in attendance, and in some instances prevent their remedies being applied, i do not wish to convey the impression that people should be continually running to a doctor with every little ailment, as there are many simple things to which persons can attend themselves; but there' are, iu stances in which it is advisable to obtain medical advice as quickly as possible. For example, if diphtheria be raging in your neighborhood and you have the slightest symptoms of sore throat, I certainly thiuk it would be a saving in a pecuniary point to have it medically attended to at once, and in some cases would no doubt be the means or prolonging life. I have said one or two things against a certain class of females, but don't run away with the idea that I dislike the sex^ for I think woman in her proper place is invaluable — ever ready to do an act of kindness to relieve the sufferings and soothe the sorrow of others, even at the sacrifice of herself. This fact js beautifully illustrated by Sir Walter Scott, when fje says— Oh, -woojajj ! jo our hours of q$.se, Uncertain, coy, and bar-i tp please, And variable as the shade By the light quivering aspen made ; When paiu snul anguhli wrii.^ the blow, A liiiuistoiiLig augel tliou ! To improve the sanitary condition of our homes and the city is another means of prolonging life. Nearly ail the cottages in Adelaide have the foundations on a level with the surface of the ground on which the' walls are commenced, and which in some instances are really below the surface ; the consequence is damp walls ; this means damp houses, and where you have, dauip houses you are sure, to have sickness more or less. The foundations of every house should be raised fully eigh teen inches or two feet above the surface ; they should contain air bricks, so that a free current of air can pass below the floors, helping to keep them dry and sweet. Then, a^ain, the ven tilation in many houses is defective, many rooms not having the slightest ventilation, not even a fireplace, and persons sleep in I them with the doors closed. This is often the reason why you awake in the morning with a headache, why you have an unplea sant taste in your mouth, and why you feel languid — in fact more tired than when you undergoing a slow process of poisoning. Many of you know that it is upon the oxygen in the air that we depend for life, and if placed in an a.ir-tight room would soon die. because we should consume all the oxygen the room contained, so that you see houses to be healthy require to be freely ventilated. The yards connected with nmily of the Jioasps are- far too small, and und--v existing cir cunifitanoes aw the means of creating disease. 1 have seen them about five yards wide and eitrht »»v ten vsvvds lono-. n™l within this small space you . have a closet, in some rases within from three to six yards of the bank door, the surface drain frequently containing stagnant water ; ducks mul fowls are kept, and some times a. goat, alrfo a box containing decomposing vegetable and animal matter, and yet people wonder why they are ill. Narrow recesses, called places, are also* ob jectionable, as a free current of air never passes through them to sweep away the germs of disease that are lingering about. To preserve the health of a, city tbo streets should be wide, and every facilit}' rendered to the air to sweep away the agents of disease. Again, there is our present sys tem of drainage, which is certainly abom inable. You cannot walk our streets with out being disgusted with noxious smells arising from accummulated lilth. One would think that after all that has something would be done. But no ; like the Central itoad Board and District Councils, who seldom think of .protecting dangerous places on the roads luitil some poor fellow gets killed, so our legislators will wait until an epidemic breaks out, and carries off half the population before they awake to the fact that our system of drain age is defective and try to remedy the evil; in other- words they will shut the stable door when the horse is gone. To pro long liie you require si pure atmos phere, which 3'ou cannot have while the products of decomposition are impregnating it. All matter is indestructible you may evaporate it, burn it, do what you like with, but it still exists though iu another form. A candle decomposes when it is burned, but all its particles can be collected, producing the same weight as the- candle was before it was burned. A dead animal soon disappears,' or at least the soft parts do, but every atom of it still exist3 ; its com pouuas nave merely teparaxeu. into men simple elements. Were you to stand near an animal that has been dead for a few days aud inhale the poisonous-gases, you would soon feel siok and ill, probably for the remainder of the day ; aud were you to stand there for a few hours, the chances are yon would not recover for weeks. The reason is, you have inhaled the germs of disease that poison your system. These germs ave floating about our city more or less in all directions ; some persons escape tliem move than others, but in many cases thev gradually accumulate in the system until nature is unable to throw them off : the result is physical bankruptcy, and no wonder it sometimes goes hard with the defaulter. To see many of these genus you need only make a, small aperture in a il:irk room through which a s:mbeam may pass; millions of particles of dust become visible, which disappear as soon as the room is exposed to the full light of the sun. These germs, in proper soil, grow and multiply. You have a simple but moat beautiful illustration of cell growth in common yeast; of which place a. small quantity under a. microscope, and you will see the cells sprouting and bud before your eyes. ' Some of you who are accusioineu 10 maice 1a.n1 onen iihu, to your annoyance, that when you open a pot it is covered with a blue-green mould, which, as yon know, is very rapid in its growth. It is the same thing that you often see on bread, damp boots, damp walls, itc. How is it that your meat, milk, and other substances putrefy ? Y'ou say because they are exposed to the air. It is not merely because they are exposed to the air, but the air containing the agent of putrefaction is deposited in your meat. Pure air freed from these germs will never cause putrefaction, and the reason why these substances keep sweet longer in cold than hot weather is because these germs ave numbed and for a time rendered in active, like some of the reptiles of our colonies, but when brought into a wanner atmosphere become active £0 a dangerous extent. If you take a drop of juice from putrid meat and place it under a micro scope, you will find it swarming with living organisms. . Is it then unreasonable to suppose tuat aisease srerms uuu a |jmuui: tive soil in the human body? — that they increase rfnd multiply, injuring the tissues with which they come in contact, destroying life by the generation of poisonous compounds within the system. Deep drainage i« the only thing that will do away with 'this state of -things: Some of vou oppose it on account of the expense, and the probability of having to pay an extra rate, but I can assure you that while you jingle the few paltry coppers in your pockets you are driving nails into your own coffin, may be that of your wife, children, or dearest friend. If you value filthy lucre more than your own life, or she who is your partner and helpmate, or those darling little ones whom God has given you to be the joy of your heart, the pride of your life and support in old age, then I say oppose deep drainage ; but if ' you prize them above earthly riches, which I know you do, then rest uui satisfied until tko system of deep drainage is carried out, and the filth which now infects our city be continually carried away from it. I hesitate not to say that were our city as thickly populated as London, Glasgow, and many other large cities and towns, with our present system of drainage, the death-rate would be fifty per cent. Marriage if not premature is another means of prolonging life. Pre mature marriages are injurious and calcu lated to shorten life ; the organization of the ? system is interfered with before its completion, the woman frequently remain ing of small stature, weak, and sickly ; if she become a mother she. is unable, to supply her child with a sufficient quantity of milk, and it also become sickly. The mother has too great a strain upon her weak and nervous system, her youth is parsed away in sorrow, and premature old age soon shows itself; but there are certain years of manhood and womanhood when marriage becomes beneficial, and is a means of prolonging life, for it is admitted by professional men that it removes a number of diseases incidental to both sexes. Con trast t!ie happy home ot the ianiily, the sweet smiling busy little wife, with her fresh and cheerful little ones anxiously looking for the return of her husband ^from his daily labors — the kind father and loving husband, whose affections aw centred in his wife nudchildren, making married lift? a bliss indeed. I say contrast this with the poor old bachelor — cold, selfish, irritable, inte rested in nothing but himself, carrying about with him a look of disappointment and an appearance of having frustrated the deeigu of nature. I think it is Uowprr wkosavs-: — '? ? Domestic !ifa Is frleudly to the best pursuit:: of man ; j-'viemHy to thought, to virtue, and to pi»nre. Few know thy value, ami few taste thy swells Though many boast thy favor, and affect To understand aud chocse tlioa for their, own. ' Persons with large families thrive well, and persons who have lived to a great age have been married. Thomas Parr, of F/iig land, lived to the age of lTrJ years, and was married several times. Le Lnngueville, a Frenchman, lived to the age of 110 years, and, it is said, married ten wives, his last wife bearing him a son in his 10 1st year. Persons who think of marrying — and there are few who do not — should, study to make, a. wise selection. With human beings this, in a great number of cases, is little, thought of; the parties are too deeply in love to notice aivy defects ; they irM. lnnvvieil. sometimes in husta n.nd repent at leisure. The principle of im proving the breed of animals by crossing is fully established, and applies to mau as well as the inferior animals. Mixed marriages are the best aud most favorable to the soundness of the offspring. The Americans are au active and enterprising people ; they have attracted the admiration of Europe by the great advancements they have made in .science, art, aud 'commerce ; and they ave a mixture, principally of English, Irish, Scotch, and German. It is a mistake for persons to marry too nearly allied in blood. That disease can be, and is transmuted 110m parent 10 cujiu, is wen known, and as a proof of which E need onhr nieution that one most fatal disease, consumption. This leads me to speak on a very delicate question, but one that re quires the calm and serious consideration of the community and of the State. I know that many will differ with me in ray opinions on this subject— a right they may justly claim — but I bring it before the public from a sense of duty and leave the result, i. ou must inter irom my remarks what the disease is, and I shall briefly show you som.3 of its characteristics. It has been justly said to be one of the most malig nant, most lasting', and most destructive diseases that affects the human frame. It has boftii known to skip one generation and appeal* in the next. A woman may have a child born unto her suffering from a loathsome disease, of which neither she nor her husband is the direct cause. Many diseases from which people suffer, called by other names, can be traced back to and have their origin in this diseas-?. It is a powerful poison, insidious in ita action, deteriorating every structure of the body, even the very marrow in your bones. In a certain stage its victim is not only a continued invalid for a long time, but it slowly and surely carries on its work of destruction until he becomes disgusting to society, a burden to himself, and longs for death. And here I wish to point out to you that thousands of inuocent persons suffer ?for the sins of the guilty. Truly m:iy it be said the sins of the father are visited upon- the children. A\ hat then are we to do to stay the progress of such a frightful disease as this V Some sav'lesridlate. others argue that by such an act a sin would be legalised which is condemned by that J'iook to which England attributes the secret of hergiory. There is one fact which 1 think no one will deny, that legislate as you like you will never by it prevent tin? sin ; that I am afraid will exist, while tho. world lasts. Ave wn then to allow this frightful malady to rush on unchecked till every member of society becomes tainted with it, and it becomes characteristically significant in every countenance. For the sake of my children and others, I say no. I should he very sorry to say one word in favor of prostitution, and [ regret to lind it on the increase, but if our legislators try by all legitimate means to prevent the sin, but fail, it then become* their duty to try and prevent its evil efforts, which is* fast degenerating the Anglo-Saxon race. I maintain that trying to' lvmed}' the evil does not in the least degree legalist* the sin, when it is a moral impossibility to pre vent it. i believe that laws can be made that will not only prevent the spread of this most destructive disease, but lessen prostitution. 1 nave- euuwavoreu to minpf before you as clearly as possible some of the means by which you may prolong life ; there are many others which I have of necessity omitted, as the tinn? in delivering a lecture of this kind will not allow me even to refer to them. I trust, however, that you will act upon at least some of the advice I have given you, and that our feeble efforts here to-night may be as bread cast upon the waters, to be found after many days. Messrs. J. Stilling & Co. inform us that their agents at King George'3 Sound advisa them that the Chimboraso passed to the west ward of Breaksea light at noou of the Cth iast. Intimation has been received by the Commissiouei- o£ Crowu Lauds aud Immigration of the sailing from Great Britain of two immi grant vessels for this colony. The Lacgs Bay left Glasgow on June 22 with 3o'2 emigrants, and the Oakl-.mds sailed from Plymouth ou July 5 with about 380 emigrants. 