THE MONTH'S NEWS. Hia Excellency the Governor haa taken part in one or two semi-public cere monials during the month, besides the prorogation of Parliament, which took place on the day on which the last mail left. The Adelaide and Suburban Tramwaj Company hare extended their rails to North Adelaide, and this portion of the line was opened by Sir 'William Jervois about three we«-:s ago. The ceremony was graced with the presence of several members of Lord Harris's Cricketing Team His Excellency Bince then opened the new building in connection with the Bosh men's Club, an institution which is making good progress, and haa already proved to be a great benefit to the special class for whose use it is intended. The Governor, In speaking at the opening, referred to his own experience of bush life in Africa and expressed the hope that clubs for bushmen might be established in other parts of ihe colony as well as in Adelaide. His Excellency is now absent on a short visit to Melbourne, where it is understood he has gone to advise as to the defence works being constructed in Victoria. Our hist Summary was issued on tho day on which Parliament was prorogued. That event had been delayed by the action of the Council in declining to agree to tho item in the Loan Bill for Uie construction of the outer harbour. The Assembly, as we stated last month, did not press the work and adopted the suggestion of tho Upper House that the line should be left out Wo gave last month a brief review of tho work of the session and in another port of this issue the subject is dealt with at length. ., We need only say here that the session was unusually prolific, no less lhan forty seven Bills having passed both branches of the Legislature, of which forty-one were public and six were private measures. Besides these, sixteen other Bilk -were introduced, of which twelve were rejected acd four were withdrawn. Only one Bill was really sacrificed in consequence of the approaching close of the session. In regard to quality as well as quantity the work of tho session will bear favourable comparison with the results of the deliberations of previous years. The public works programme was, it is true, materially shortened by tho Council's rejection of several of the Railway Bills that were brought in. Nevertheless, of tho four railways which were authorized three are certainly works of great ira poitaiice. Two of them, which in reality form distinct parts of one undertaking, will connect ihe northern line with the railway from Port Augusta, and will, in fact, effect a conjunction between all the three main systems of railway in the colony. Another will give communica tion between Adelaide and the hills, besides forming the first section of a line which will in all probability hereafter bo extended to the Victorian border. A serious drawback during the greater part of the session was the absence of an organized Opposition, in consequence of there being no one after Mr. Colton's enforced retirement from the House to whom the members could look up as a leader. This circumstance was unfor tunate in many ways. .It led to a very unnecessary waste of time in aimless debate, while at the same time the action of the Government was neither watched nor criticised bo thoroughly as was desirable. It led also to the formation of several small cliques of members bound together neither by the harmony of their political ideas nor by any definite aim, except the hope that they might grow sufficiently strong to turn the Ministry out Hence there was developed an amount of tittle-tattling which was utterly contemptible and unworthy of those aspiring to bo the legislators of the country. It seemed at one time as though the reconstruction of the Ministry, rendered necessary by the appointment of tho late Premier (Mr. Boucaut) to a seat on the Judicial Bench and the retirement of Mr. Neville Blyth from the position of Minister of Education, would lead to a crisis. The upshot, how ever, was that Mr. Mann (tho present Treasurer) not only became tho leader of the Assembly but managed the business of the House with an adroitness and efficiency ? which surprised even his friends. Though the Ministry are now freo for a time from the harassing details of Parliamentary work they have quite enough to do to occupy them during the recess. The Education Act abolished the Council and places the whole responsibility of carrying out the provisions of the Statutes relating to the subject upon the Minister, who will find abundance- of work in revising and remodelling tho regulations, in establish lishing precedents for the new order of things, and in superintending tho many details of the department which con stantly requiro attention. The public finances are likely to demand from the Treasurer no slight degree of attention and watchfulness. The Commissioner of -Crown Lands will find ample scope for his energy in bringing the new Land Act into operation, and the Commissioner of Public Works has upon his hands a large number of important public works in various stages of progress besides others for which tenders are not yet called. i By the mail which carrios this Summary Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson proceed to England as the Special Commissioners appointed by tho Victorian Legislative Assembly to lay before the Colonial Office in London tho state of political affaire in Victoria, more particu larly with regard to the constitution of the Legislative Council . It has been very difficult to believe that even the Berry Ministry, whose conduct during the last two years has been erratic and violent enough to create a probability of tho most irrational course being adopted, would be guilty of this crowning act of absurdity. Tho embassy, as it is. called, is not appointed by Par liament but only by the Assembly. It is not at all clear what it will do when the two members constituting it arrive in London ; it is by no means certain that it is backed up by the voice of the country ; and, above all, appearances are very strongly against its leading to any prac tical result Every effort was made to secure for the step public approval A banquet was announced to be given to the embassy in the Town Hall in Melbourne. To ensure the success of this scheme it was advertised that purchasers of half guinea tickets for the banquet would~be allowed to travel from any station on the Government lines of railway to Melbourne and back free of charge. This barefaced proceeding was too much even for the supporters of the so-called Liberal Ministry. Then it was announced that the members of the Government would Uhemselres recoup the Railway Depart ment for tho loss sustained by the permission already referred to, the ifares being calculated at excursion rates. In other -words the Ministry pro posed to bribe tho electors to join in a public demonstration in honour of themselves. By this means aa attendance of between seven and eight hundred was secured. A circumstance transpired' which, however,'t«nde-i in some degree to damp the enthusiasm of tho people. It came out that on the day before tho prorogation a despatch had been received from the Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies which held out little hope of active interference on his part in tho present state of affairs. For some days this despatch was kept quiet Ultimately its contents leaked out and a few days since it was published in full The ' question naturally arose why the proro gation was hurriedon and the embassy vote pushed through the Assembly when there was good reason for supposing that Ministers were aware that this despatch was on its -way to the colony. Mr. Berry denies tho accuracy of this sup position, and of course maintains that the despatch justifies tho step which he is taking, though by what process of reasoning ho arrives at such a con clusion it would puzzle any ono but himself to say. To seek the inter vention of Uio Imperial authorities to cttle a question which ought to bo settled in the colony is humiliating enough, and it is degrading for the Government to resort to such an extreme course in order to secure the triumph of a particular party. Two other intercolonial topics have excited a considerable degree of interest during tho month. Tho Victorian bushrai:geis who were guilty about nino weeks ago of tho murder of the throo un fortunate police-troopers near Mansfield are still at large, although thoy have been outlawed and largo sums have been, offered for their capture. Emboldened by their past success and tho failure of the Government to secure them, they resolved two or three weeks ago to extend their operations. They 'bailed up' a station, where thoy remained a whole afternoon to recruit In the meantime they amused themselves by making pri soners of a hawker and a farmer who passed that way, helping them selves largely to the merchandise which the former had with him. Having adopted the precaution of cutting the telegraph wires they drove in one of the station) wagonettes and a dogcart into tho neighbouring township of Euroa, which is on the line of railway from Mel bourne to the New South Wales border. Thcro they coolly made & raid upon the Bank and took away all the cash. This was dono by three of the men, one of the party being left in diargo of the station. They completed tboir day's work by imprisoning the men who had been sent to repair the telegraph line. The police it has been stated since havo ' been on the alert,' but hithorto their efforts to capture the outlaws have been unsuccessful It is very ovident that the gang must have a number of sympathizers n the neighbourhood from whom they eceivo information of the movements of the constabulary, but even admitting this it seems almost incredible that they should still be at large and ablo to baffle the authorities. Tho other intercolonial topic of interest is tho Chinese question. In consequence of tho A. S.N. Company in Sydney employing Chinese seamen on their steamers tho English sailors resolved to strike, and several of them left off work without giving any notice, and in direct violation of their contract, just as some of the steamers were about to leavo tho port. The matter caused great excite ment in Sydney, and it has been taken up in the other colonies as well, where it has had the effect of reopening tho vexed question of Chinese immigration. Meetings have been held in Ado laido and in other places at which resolutions were passed sympathizing with the seamen in the stand they have taken and denouncing tho introduction of the Chinese. As regards the proximate causo of tho present agitation there can bo no doubt that the seamen wero altogether in tho wrong, and it is not surprising that scenes of great violonco followed, their unjustifiable conduct. Tho wider question of how far it is wise to admit Chinese into these colonies is one which more or less diroctly affects tho Australian Provinces as a whole. Of course, as in all times of general excite ment, very absurd arguments are advanced by political agitators, who try to take advantage of such occasions to further their own selfish ends. The groat objec tion urged by many against the, Chinese- is that they bring down tho- rate of wages. Furthor, it is alleged, and; with truth, that many of those who como to the colonies belong to the lowest class, that their moral and social habits are exceedingly pernicious, and that they do not make colonists, because so soon as they havo saved a littlo money they go back to thoir own country. The problem is undoubtedly a difficult one. It is evi dent that the introduction of Mongolians must be more strictly regulated than it has been, and it is to be hoped that the colonies jointly with the Imperial Govern ment will be prepared to take such steps as will prevent the evils at present resulting from the indiscriminate immigration of Chinese. Within the last two or throe weeks public attention in Adelaide has been largely centred in cricket. Lord Harris's team of cricketers arrived -by tho last mail, and played their first match on the Adelaide Oral a fortnight ago. Tho weather was very hot, especially on the last day, but the attendance was large, and the proceedings awakened a good deal of enthusiasm. The visitors were tho victors ; but tho play on the part of our own men showed very considerable im provement upon any previous displays, the bowling and the fielding being especially good.' This week tho Aus stralian Eleven arrived here, and a , match is now going on between them and Eighteen of South Australia. At tho close of the play fyesterday the Eleven had 8 wickets down in their second innings^ and they have 21 runs to make to win, The play will be resumed to-day, and should the Eleven be victorious the defeat of the South Aus tralians will, to all appearance, at any rate not be a disgraceful one. Although South Australia is not represented in the Combined Team, the presenceof the Eleven who have made such a successful tour in England and America has excited widespread interest. The attendance on the ground was unusually large, and the reception given to the world-renowned cricketers was very cordial and enthu siastic. Elsewhere will be found some particulars cs to the land Bales during 'the present year. It J3 noteworthy that though the acreage disposed of was less than in 1877 the sum received from the salea was con siderably larger.' This is apretty clear proof that the method of disposing of the public lands initiated by the Act of last session has hail tlie tendency to extort high prices from the selectors— a result which is not satisfactory to the farmer, and we Iclkvd is not beneficial to the country at Lr^e. Until within the last few days the weather has been hot and very favour able for harvest operations. It is now much cooler and there are signs of rain, though as yet very little has fallen. In many places harvest operations are well nigh finished, and in others they are in full swing. The depression in the copper market continues, and the unfavourable ;idrices as to the state of the English money market occasion no little anxiety. Upon the whole business is in a prosperous atate, and with care and prudence the colony will be able to tide over a season of general depression, should it' come, as it has successfully grappled with similar periods of trial in the past. Socth AusrKAUxy Loans. — Our Lon don telegrams inform us that the Agent General has invited fresh tenders for the balance of the last South Australian loan. It will be remembered that at the beginning of August last the Government offered in the English market four per cent bonds to the extent of £G88,500. Unfortunately at tlat time financial matters in England were in a very un satisfactory state. Money was becoming tighter almost daily, and the proa pecta of the loan, tolerably good when tho call for tenders was firat made, darkened materially before the day for opening them arrived. The result was very much what might have been ex pected. Only £125,200 worth of bonds were taken up at or above the minimum of £05] leaving a balance of .£563,300 un disposed of. It is, we presume, this balance that is now being otfered in London by Sir Arthur Blyth. That it should be offered at all juat now affords evidence of the straits to which tho Government have been driven for want of money. Credit ing as we do the Ministry, or at all events one or two members of it, with a full share of business aptitude and fore sight, we are forced to the conclusion that nothing but an absolute lack of pence has induced them to choose this time for appealing for funds to the capitalists of Great Britain. Although it is gratifying to note that there are signs of a revival in the money market there is no special reason for supposing that they will prove any more trustworthy than tho other illusory symp toms of reawakening activity which ever and anon during the hist but. months of almost unprecedented financial depression have presented themselves for a while and then incontinently disappeared. The truth is that ever since tho first call for tenders was made things have been drift ing from bad to worse, and have now reached the lowest depth that they have attained for a long time. Instead of pur bonds being quoted at £95 10s. with out any accrued interest worth speaking of, as was the case at the close of July last, the present rate is £03 inclusive of about £2 for accrued interest. Add to this the fact that money at home is still exception ally valuable, that the discount rate is bjgb, that there is a general absence of confidence, and that the demand for funds is far in excess of the supply, and it will be admitted that the emergency must be great to jjustify the Government at this juncture in entering the market as borrowers. Wo take it for granted that the interest coupon for the current half year will be cut off the bonds offered for sale, and if this is done it becomes a curious and important question what price will be secured. No doubt at the turn of the year the quotations — unless some extraordinary improvement in tne value of colonial securities takes placo in the meantime — will fall to £91. It is too much to expect, however, that purchasers of new bonds will give the full price for them, and it is greatly to be feared that we shall in the end have to submit to their sale at about £90. We need hardly point out that the loss to tho countiy in disposing of the £503,300 at so heavy a discount will be great, but if every other means of tiding over the difficulty of short ness of funds has been tried ineffectually the Government have no alternative but to sell bonds at whatever prico they will fetch. The credit of the colony at home must be main tained at all hazards, and if the Bank) aiid other available sources of monetary supply cannot furnish the necessary accommodation bonds must bo quitted to make up the deficiency. Of course we are in the dark as to the precise position of affairs, but con sidering that five months have elapsed since the last issue of twnda, that the liabilities to be met in the shape of interest upon our loans and payments for railway and other material are heavy and pressing, and that in the prevailing, tightness in the money market the Banks must find it impossible to make advances to any very large, extent, we should imagine that to the Treasurer a few hundred thousand pounds will bo a welcome relief. It is eminently unsatis factory on many accounts that so low a minimum should have to be fixed, but it is due to the Government to remember that the continued depression at home has been altogether unexpected and unexampled. It might reasonably have been anticipated that tho re-establishment of peace would have brought about a radical change or the better in financial matters, but, as we have already said, it has done nothing of the kind. The fact is we are passing through & moat critical period, and how much longer the existing strain will last it is at present impossible to say. Thb Asstvebsabt of THa CoLOjrr.— The colony will to-day have reached the forty-secoad year of iU existence as a colony of the British Bmpire. having been proclaimed on December 28\. 1S3I), by Captain John Hindmirjh, EJf, the first Governor of the province. In consequence of the anniversary falling this year on Saturday tbe usual holiday and demonstrations hive Jxen postponed till Monday. Faiss Alabm. — A message was received from Albany last evening stating that the mul steamer mi in sight at 9.30 p.m. At 1 o'clock this morning, however, word was sent from the tame station that it was a false alarm, and that there was no sign whatever of tbe Bteamer. ifjdx Pasemgers. — Mrs. Andrew Tennant is at present tbe only passenger booked to leave the colony by tbe mail steamer on Monday. Tub Cbiciet Match. — The attendance it the Oval to witness the second day's play in tbe match between tbe Australian Eleven and eighteen Sooth Australians was large, and tbe contest proved very exciting. The two not-oat men of the visiting team brought toe score np to S3, or 27 behind that made by the local men in their first innings. In their second innings the Eighteen were only able to pat together 59 runs, tbe bowling of Spofforth and the general fielding of tie team being too good for them. The Eleven had to nuke 87 to win, and when they went to tbe wickets at 4 o'clock tte general impression was that they would finish the match in their own favour before the time ap pointed for the drawing of the stumps. How ever, affairs did not shape so pleumtly for tbe Australians, as their batsmen for a time kept up a continual march to and from the wickets. Eight wickets hsd fallen for 57, when Boyle aad Gregory got together. When the stamp* were drawn the score had been increased to 08, which leaves the Australians, with two wickets to fall; 21 runs to get to win. Tbe game is to re sumed at S o'clock this afternoon, and it if announced that after the terminatioa of the match tbe Australians will take tbe field, so a* to aff»rd the public an opportunity of witness ing their excellence in that branch of the manly game. The stumps are to be drawn at half-pvit 4 o'clock, so that the Australians may leave by the Melbourne boat. Lord Harris's Eleven in Mblboursb.— In the match between Lord Harris's Eleven and Fifteen of Victoria the first innings ef tbe latter closed for 313. The Englishmen have 8 wickets down for 304, of which Lucas made 90 and Boyle '8. Glkjklo Amscal Beoatta. — The sports to take place at Glenelg on Monday, December 30, in commemoration or the forty-second anniver sary of tbe colony's foundation should prove a great attraction and ensure success if the efforts of tbe energetio Committee for the last month or to meet with their deserts. Every endeavour hag been made to get up a good programme, and the patriotic promoters of tbe movement have succeeded in providing a programme sufficiently varied to be interesting and comprising contests of SO exciting nature. There is one yacht race, two Bailing open-boat races, four toning matches, three duck hunts, and other aquatic amuse ments. Provision has been made for enabling the public to obtain a view of the various events, and should the weather be ai favourable as it was on Christmas Day the demonstration will be very agreeable. Pobt Bhgatt*.— We understand that there i to be a strong muster of ketches to take part in the regatta at the Semaphore on the 30th inst The coarse is a grand one and has been so defined that visitors will be able to enjoy the whole race from start to finish, and if the day should only prove favourable there is bound to be some emulation amongst the racers. ComtHECiAi. Tbavbixbbs.— The annual meet ing of the Commercial Travellers' Association will take place this evening at tho Gresbam Hotel. FOBHSTHHS'DHJIOSSTBATKm.— The Committee who have the direction of these sports meet this evening to make final arrangements. Cathedral Sebvtcbs.— On Sunday, Decem ber 29, evening services will be recommenced at tbe Cathedral of St. Peter. The morning service is at 10.30 and the evening service at 7 o'clock. Rumak Catholic CnxBcn, VrBonttt.— On his return from the North, Dr. Beynolds, the Roman Catholic Bishop, paid a visitation to the Church of Assumption at Virginia on Sunday, Dscember 22, accompanied by Fathers O'Snl livan and Church. Immediately after the Holy Mass His Lordship preached an eloquent and impressive sermon on the Gospel of the day, and nt its close he examined and prepared the chil dren for the rite of confirmation. After having confirmed nearly 100, His Lordship exhorted md imposed upon them tbe usual pledge to abstain from till intoxicating liquors till they reached the age of 21 years. He remarked that the habit of temperance once acquired would in all probability remain with them throngb life, and save them from the melancholy fate of i drunkard's end. The congregation was very large, the people having gathered from all quarters to see their Bishop, who was formerly pastor of the district. Thb Acsthilias Elevhh.— Mr. 0. H. Min aing seems determined that some remembrance ?hall remain with us of all the cricketing xlebrities that visit the colony. Ha has now issued at bis establishment cabinet portraits of ;he Australian Eleven, including Mr. John Sonway, the indefatigable manager of the teim. We have to acknowledge copies. Thb Come Papbbs. — Both the Addaidt Punch and the Portonian are this week illus trated with portraits of the far- famed Aus tralian Eleven and Mr. J. Conway. The lettar pressof Punch i» this week principally devoted to i sketch entitled ' Mr. Punch's Picnic,' pecu liarly suited to the present season of tbe year. i comic almanac also forms a noticeable and at the same time useful part of the pressnt number. Adelaide Lira As3Trascb Compart.— Mr. John Brown, who has been connected with the above successful Company ever since its esta blishment in 1865, has, we regret to say, been compelled to relinquish his position as Secretary owing to feeble health. Mr. Brown has always taken the deepest interest in the institution, which, in fact, was started by him. He prepared the business tables of the Company, and generally arranged the plans for placing the enterprise before the public It wo» readily taken up, and Mr. Brown was appointed Secretary— ft posi tion which he has held ever since with satisfaction to the Directors and advantage to the shareholders. Darin; the last year or »o Mr. Brown, who is over seventy years of age, has been in failing health, and his medical adviser gave imperative orders that he must retire from business, which Mr. Brown accordingly did. The Directors in accepting his resignation regretted tbe occasion for It, but cheerfully recognised his past ser vices. Mr. John Lindsay, the Secretary to the National Marine Insurance Company, has been appointed to fill tha vacancy, and wo under stand that he will carry on the two offices jointly. Pboposrd Corporation. — A well-attended public meeting was held at the Forester*' Hall, Port Wakefield, on Monday, December 23, to consider the advisability of bringing the town ship under the Corporation Act. Mr. J. S. Anthony was voted to the chair. Mr. John Styles, J.P., in moving * That it is desirable to bring Port Wakefield under the operation of the Corporation Act,' said he thought that tha time bad arrived when a District Council and a. Corporation could work together without in terfering with each other. Tbe assessment io Port Wakefield had been ascertained to be upwards of £4,860, and with such an assessment the state of tbe township was & disgrace to the inbabitanti. Yorketown, a place of about a quarter the value, had its Mayor and eight Councillors. He wished to correct tbe im pression that there would be two rates— one for the District Council and one for the Corporation. Mr. W. Moore, io seconding the resolution, said he eculd support Mr. Styles in all he had said concerning the rates. There was no amendment proposed, nor was there any opposition ; bat ob the Chairman calling for a show of hands there was found to be a considerable majority against the resolution. Mr. Styles objected to the meeting as not being fairly representative, and suggested a ballot of the future ratepayers. Oa the meeting understanding that same who wooll not be ratepayers had voted the Chairman called for another show of hands, but the majority was not reversed. The Chairman then suggested that a Committee should be chosen to draw up and present a memorial to the Governor. Mr. .T. Knmble moved and Mr. 'Wood seconded — 'That it is not at all desirable to bring the town under the Corporation Act.' Mr. Alexander thought that they should give the District Council a fair trial for a year. Mr. Style? moved an amendment, bat during the ehaw of hands the meeting broke up in confusion. The Mr/FT Chicket Clttu— The following is the team chosen to play the Edithburgh Club on Monday, December 30:— James, Munz, Stick, MeDougall, Counsel, Clark, Drummond, Jones, Butler, Dexter, and Hines (captain). The visiticg team will leave Glenelg by the steamer James Cemrie after the arrival of the first into on Monday morning. Ouvib Goidbkith.— The Bcr. Oharlet Clark delivered his lecture ion 'Oliver Goldsmith' before a large assemblage in tbe Town Hall on Friday evening. The lecturer began by giving a description of GoMsmith's -father, quoting largely from Goldsmith's own portrayals of the village preacher 'pawing rich on forty pounds a year,' whose only fault was his nubGnoded generosity and good - nature — traits which were fully inherited by tbe son. He then dwelt shortly upon Noll's early schooldays with Paddy Burke, an old quartermaster, who professed only to teach reading, writing, and arithmetic, but who had an inexhaustible fund of stories about ghosts, fairies, and banshees, lazy good- natured Oliver being only too delighted to lounge the hours by listening to these tales. In Jane, 1745, Goldsmith was admitted into Trinity College, Dublin, as a sizar, a not at all enviable position, having to perform many menial duties, but a position which had been filled by many distinguished men before him. Goldsmith lived a very wretched life at College, being ever in want and evar (objected to the brntal treat ment of bis tutor, which culminated in hii knocking Oliver down for giving a ball in bii room to some ladies and geDtlemeu of rather questionable character. He then left the College and resolved to go to America, but after spending several days in the fields he returned home to bii mother. A reconciliation was ef fected by his elder brother with the College authorities and Goldsmith returned once more to Trinity, where he secured a BA. degree. His friends row thought of a profession for him. and the Church was tried, but Goldsmith shocked the Bishop by going before him in a pair of scarlet breeches. Tbe law was then tried, £50 being advanced by a kinsman, bnt Oliver gambled that awiy tbe first night he spent in Dublin. He then returned to his friends, who sent him to Edinburgh to study, medicine, from whence after a stay of eighteen months lie went to Levdoo. Here he was pnt to severe straits, and not re ceiving a remittance from a relative set out on foot to make a tour through Europe, his only means of subsistence being by flute-playing, which plajing the lecturer likened to that of Dick Swiveller, so humorously described by Dickens. From Switzerland Goldsmith sent the first part of ' The Traveller' to ltia brother. He afterwards went to Padua, where he took his degree, and then bearing of the death of his uncle he made bis way to Dover. He then went through more vicissitudes, his indomitable knack of hoping carrying him through all diffi culties, and at length tie took to writing in a sort of haphazard way for magazines. By this means be gained a livelihood for some time until his genitu brought him under tha notice of tbe most eminent literary men of the time. He became acquainted with Johnson, &od; formed a friendship with him that lasted through life. About this time be published that ex quisite poem 'The Traveller,' which at once raised him to the Tank of the English classic writers, and shortly afterwards sold his beauti ful work, ' The Vicar of Wakefield,' to pay a debt. Mr. Clark then proceeded to recite the description of the family of the vicar as given by Dr. Primrose himself, bringing out vividly all the quaint humour that is to be found in that most charming opening chapter. The lecturer gave an account of Geldsmith's London life, of his gay apparel, and of his frolics with Sir Joshua Beynolds, then passing on to de scribe in touching language the death of tbe gifted man. In a most brilliant peroration the lecturer referred to Goldsmith's many virtues, his boundless good-nature and hopefulness, and bis wonderful genius, pointing out that while his bearers might imitate Goldsmith's many excellences yet they should avoid living a life devoid of any fixed purpose. This evening Mr. Clark will deliver his charming lecture on tbe 'Tower of London,' that tragic tomb of so many of the great and gifted ones that hive adorned the history of enr country, which is to be concluded with a peroration entitled ' Our Modem Liberties.' Advahcb-Noth System.— Tbe (advance-note system Isadstomuch unpleasantness, expense, and inconvenience. A case in point was brought before Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M., at the Port Ade laide Police Court on Friday, December 27. Two men were charged with neglecting to join tbe ship Moonta at Wallaroo Bay. The evi dence showed that they signed article* to go, and got advance notes for £4 payable three days after the ship sailed with the men. They were to proceed by tbe steamer Kangaroo to the ship, but not being able to get the advance notes cashed in Fort Adelaide they could not get their clothes, which were delayed for a debt for board, ic.i Ihe men refused to go without clothes, and the ship sailed shorthanded. They were prosecuted, but sentenced to be impri soned until tbe rising of tbe Court only. Semaphore Ketch Races.— A meeting of persons interested in a ketch race was held at Sayers' Port Hotel,- on Thursday night, De cember 26. Mr. B. Honry presided, and there was a large attendance. The meeting had been called in consequence of the announcement that a ketch race would not take place at Glenelg on December 30. Twelve ketches were named as likely to compete, and it being certain that six would enter it was decided to hold a race at the Semaphore on that day. Prizes of £20 and £10, the third craft saving its entrance fee, were to be given ; and the course was decided upon, the distance being over twenty miles. Captain Quin, the Harbour Master, will be requested to act as Starter, and Captains Legoe aad Begg as Judges. One minute time allowed for every ten tons. From the feeling displayed at the meeting there seems every probability that the effort will prove successful. The rate will be the more interesting since working canvas wilt be the only sail allowed, thus proving the every day merits of the crafts. HKTEBTAIKHB5T AT POET AnKLATDB.— The Wheeler Family were greeted with another large attendance at the Port Town Hall on Friday night, December 27. Tbe fact that three persons with the aid of an American organ can by singing and impersonation night after night successfully entertain such large audiences speaks much in their favour. Mr. and Mrs. Wheeler with Frank Wheeler provided an excellent programme on Friday night, including three laughable sketches— Barney's Courtship, Interchange of Civilities, and Haunted House. This afternoon there will be a matinee for children, and in the evening the company will appear for the last time previous to visiting the South. They intend returning to Adelaide, however, about January IS next. Hosfitautt.— Many poor families (writes onr Burra correspondent) who would otherwise have gone without the usual Christmas good cheer at tho Burra bave been enabled to enjoy it through the kindness of our esteemed neighbour at the Princess Royal, Mr. A. iilcCulloch. He, with his usual liberality, authorised two or three townsmen who are well acquainted with the people most probably in need to distribute to erery one requiring it 14 1b. meat, 13 lb. floor, 8 lb. potatoes, 4 lb. bread, 3 lb. sugar, 2 lb. raUins, 2 lb. currants, j lb. tea, and some spice, and where the families are large a double quantity, Io all seventy-four of these rations were distributed. The inmates of the Burra Hospital were also regaled with fruit, beer, and tobacco in addition to the roast beef of Old England and plum-padding accompaniment. THH U.S. Mwstbjos. — There was again a large attendance at White's Boom on Friday night, when there was another change of per formance. It need hardly be mentioned that the table entertainers fully maintained their reputation and gave unmixed satisfaction to their numerous auditory. Tbe proceeding con cluded with tbe amusing sketch ' He would be an actor.' A CoasmviTonr Coxckrt. — The Metro politan Liedertafel of Melbonrne appear to have supplied a desideratum which has long been felt in tbe colonies — b summer concert. Speaking of an entertainment of this descrip tion given in the Town Hall on the 18th Instant, the musical critic of the Australasian a»ys :— 'You sat in a largo conservatory,- among fountains and Sower* and ferns, and statues of Greek and modern mould, and listened to saoh music as made you imagine you were in some world where there i» bo worry and no weariness, and where yon could for ever wander through cool glade*, or recline npon grassy slope*, and hearken to the plash of clear water and the music of happy birds, and drink in the pure air laden with the scent of a thousand flowers.' Nor is this Victorian Paradise without its Peri ; for further on the enthnsiastio critic describes the singing of Miss Christian as ' that singu larly poetical performance in which a voice pure as that ef an angel at daybreak in tbe gvden of Eden poured, like violtt vapour upon your senses, out of a larger cloud of soft Rounds, and lulled you into a half-dream of indefinable con tentment.' The writer concludes by expressing his belief that ' if we had these conservatory concerts more often we should be less gross, less earthy, perhaps less envioos and detracting than we are.' If so would it not be a good thing to get np a series of ' conservatory coacerts* in Adelaide ? Thb Sours; Acsnuuui Oouoebcui, TbaTUJJEB' AE80CUTI0X.— Tbe annual dinner of this Association was held at the Earl of Zetland Hotel, on Friday night, December 37. Upward* of fifty gentlemen were present, and a very choice repast wu provided. Mr. G. S. Fowler, M.P., occupied tne chair, and wu sup* ported on his right by His Worship the Mayor (Mr. : Bnikj, and Mr. Parsons, MJ, and on his left by Mr. B. P. Bobisson, the President of tbe Association. , The vice- chair was filled by Mr. Searle. The usual loyal toasts having been honoured, the Vice-Chairman proposed the toast of « The Parliament.' He considered that the members of tbe Assembly were honest men who had gone in to give effect to honest convictions on public policy— (Hear, hear)— aad although the Parliament was not without its faults and blemishes he yet believed it was about tbe best we had had, (Apnlause.) He regretted there had not been a 'vigorous and well- organized Oppositun. but though this had been wanting it could not be said that the last session was barren of good legislation. (Hear, hear.) Better things mwht be expected from the Upper Houi e sine: tbe recent infusion of new blood into that branch . of the Legislature, and he believed that the Parliament as a whole would prove a credit to tbe country. (Applause.) Mr. Parsons responded in a happy speech. He con sideied that the countiy nod nothing to regret in the legislation ot the last seaaion. No measure that had received the strong sanction of the Lower House had been rejected by tbe Upper House, and it hid been well that the latter Chamber had thrown out as it had done those measures which ho conceived to be speci mens of hasty legislation. A great deal of atten tion bad been paid to land legislation, but he could not say that the commercial interests of tbe colony bad received the attention they deserved, and which ought to be given them. (Applause.) At the presest time there stood on the tariff a great number of 'lines' which it would be for tbe benefit of our trade and for tbe advancement of intercolonial trading to strike off— (Hear, bear)— and he believed that next session the whole question of the re vision of the tariff would be considered afresh, and that it would result in tbe desired alterations being effected. (Ap plause.) He felt sure that the Parliament sincerely desired to promote the interests of the colony as a whole. This patriotism was shown in connection with the question of the outer harbour, when it was so arranged with the Government as to admit of the hitter ''*Vi'g au hoiiouraUe withdrawal from the scheme pro posed by them. There could be no question that an outer harbour wu necessary — (Heir, hear)— but the Government scheme was not thr best, and wben tbe matter came to be finally settled be felt sure that tbe present postpone ment would not be regretted. (Applause.) Io tbe Absence of the Hon. J. Goltoo, who could not be present in consequence of a temporary indisposition, Mr. A. Lucas proposed 'The Mayor and Corporation,' and His Worship responded in warm terms. He expressed his pleasure at being associated with burine** men, and said he was pleased and proa; to preside over holiness men in tht Council. He believed they were men who would be able to give a good account of them selves at tbe close of their term ef office— (Hear, hear)— and for himself [ he would try to dis charge his duties as creditably as his worthy predecessor the Hon. Mr. Scott had done. (Ap plause.) Some people thought that a trades man, aa be was proud to call himself — (ap- plause)— ought not to aspire to such a high position u that of Mayor, but be did no*, believe in anything of the kind. (Applause.) A man in business was as capable of under taking the duties of Mayor u any man out of business, and he was no novice to the work, as they well knew. (Applause.) He sometimes felt that the strictures of the Press with refer ence to the number of votes at the Mayoral elections might as well be left unsaid. In his case he believed that many of his friends were so assured of his election that they did not trouble to come forward to recotd tbeir vote*. (Hear, hear.) He was determined that tbe position of Mayor should not be disgraced by him 88 long as be remained in office. Nothing would be left undone that be could do to merit the trust which had been j bused in him by the citizens. (Applause.) The Chair man then gave the toast of 'The South Aus tralian Commercial Travellers' Association,' and in doing so he praised the charitable objects of the Association, and spoko warmly of the high character of the gentlemen on the rxnd gene rally. The toast was drank with all the tumours. The President, in nspouding, said that the balance at the cred it of the Association % as some thing like £280. The finances were indeed in a very flourishing condition, and much of this success was dne to the energy and zeal of tbe Hap. Sec., Mr. G. 0. Knight, f Applause.) Mr. Knight proposed .' The Health of the Patrons and Life Members,' and Mr. Searle responded. Then Mr. Townscnd, M.P., who had only a few minutes before joined the company and received a perfect ovation, proposed 'The Commercial Interests of South Australia' in a speech of the raciest description. Mr. Lawrence responded. Other toasts followed altercated with songs to pianoforte accompaniment by Mr. Daniels, aad altogether a most enjoyable evening waa spent. GovEBmiBKT Dhpabtmhotb.— Ever since the establishment of the Engineer of Harbo irs and Jetties' Department there has been so.nr little dashing between it and the Marine Board. Lately the latter body has found oocasion to complain that it has not been consulted befjre certain harbour works were begun. In the report of the Marine Board meeting on Tuesday hut instances were given of thin in reference to works at Victor Harboar, Hawker's Creek, Noarlunga Jetfy, the North-West Bend and Kingston and Bivoli Bay piers. It should be mentioned that both department* are under the Treasurer, through whom all communications pass. In 'replying to a request from tbe Board for information about these works the Engineer of Harbours and Jetties wrote as to a road at Victor Harbour that it was ' purely a departmental affair, and consequently cannot bo of any interest or importance to the Board.' Although the Board is supposed to have a voice in the approval of proposed harbour works it seems that contracts fo£ the Kingston and Rivoli Bay piers were let without an oppor tunity being afforded them of considering the plans of tie piere, as to which Messrs. Wells Brothers now affirm that if carried ont as specified they will be utterly ojeles*. Whether such be the case or not does not affect the posi tion of tbe Board, who appear as at present situated to be in a rather anomalous position. Pbbmwtaticm to Mb. Oohwat.— During the performance of ' Uncle Tom's Cabin' at the Theatre Boyal on Friday night, December 27, a presentation of a beautiful emu-egg cigar casket handsomely mounted with silver was made on behalf of Mr. James Allison to Mr. John Oonway, the promoter and manager of the Australian Eleven. Dr. Peel handed over the testimonial, and Mr. Conway was repeatedly cheered during his speech, in which be made reference to the reception the Eleven met with in England, America, and the Colonies. There wu a good house. Pobt Cohfobatio*.— A meeting of this body was called on Friday night, December 27, for the purpose of confirming the assessment, which being done the Mayor took the opportunity of dealing with deferred matters of importance. With regard to the drain which is connected with the Port Adelaide Eailway Station the Government are to be asked to remedy an evil caused by its stoppage on the property of the Port Dock Company, or to disconnect, the establishment from it. Some short time ago permission wai granted to a man to have a fruitstall at the railway station, but it ii objected to by the nearest shopkeepers, who are ratepayers. The Council have, however, decided not to interfere with the stall. Post Bowuco Club.— A well-attended meet ing of the Port Bowing Club was held at the Ship inn. Port Adelaide, on Friday night, December 27. Mr. J. Playfair, the eaptain, pre sided. The Chairman stated that he bad con versed with Mr. W. F. Clarke aa to the objection to enter for tbe All-comers or Champion Bice at the Port Begatta, and that gentleman suggested that tbe difficulty might be overcome by adding to the word 'prize' the words 'or value of.' The Treasurer of the club (Mr. B. Honey) u Secretary of the Begatta promised to do that It was then resolved to rescind the former decision not to enter for these races, and to in form the Adelaide Club of the altered determi nation. The races were chosen which should b; contested by the club. Whbktku EaTBBTAijnncrr u Poet Ad» ijjpb. — There was a large attendance at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, on Thursday, Dec. 23, when tbe Wbeekr Company again presented their interesting and amusing entertainment one of the best of its clan. The tmuicil selec tions which varied the programme were excel lently givra. Tbe company, however, were ftronpest in their farcea, particularly in the ' Walking Photograph,' in which Mr. Frank Wheeler, as the coloured servant, was irrtHiistibly comic The programme will be changed to-night. 