SWALLOW'IING AY OYSTER ALIVE. [BY A ,ISSOCt'RAs.] At a late hour, the other night, the door of an oyster house in our city was thrust open, and in stalked an here fromth the Sucker state. He was quite six feet high, spare, somewhat stooped, with a hungry, anxious countenance, and his hands pushed clear down to the bottom of his breeches pockets. His outer covering was hard to detine, but after surveying it minutely, we came to the conclusion that his suit had been made in his bcyhood, of a dingy yellow linsey-wolsey, and that, having sprouted up with astonishing rapidity, he had been forced to piece it out with all colours, in order to keep pace with his body. In spite of his exertions, how ever, lie had fallen in arrears about a foot of the necessary length, and, con sequently, stuck that far through his inexpressibles. His crop of hair was surmounted by the funniest little seal skin cap imaginable. After taking a position, he indulged in a long stare at the man opening the biralves, and slowly ejaculated-" Isters 1" "Yes, sir," responded the attentive operator-" and fine ones they are, too." "Well I've. heard of isters afore," says he, "but is the fust timel've seed'm, and pre-haps I'll know what thato made of afore I git out of town." Having expressed this desperate in tention, he cautiously approached the plate and scrutinised the uncased shell fish with a gravity and interest which would have done honour to the most illustrious searcher into the hidden mysteries of nature. At length lihe began to soliloquise on the difficulty of getting them out, and how queer they looked when out. " I never seed anytlhin' hold on so takes an amazin' site of screwin, hoss, to get 'em out, and aint they slick and slip'ry when they does come I Smooth as an eel! I've a good mind to give that feller lodgin', jis to realise the effects, as uncle Jess used to say about speckalation." "Well, sir," was the reply, "down with two bits, and you can have a Sdozen." "Two bits I" exclaimed the Sucker, " now come, that's stickin' it on rite strong, hoss, for isters. A dozen on 'em aint nothin' to a chicken, and there's no gettin' more'n a picayune a piece for them.. I've only realised forty-five pica yunes on my first ventur' to St. Louis. I'll tell you what, I'll gin you two chickens for a dozen, if you'll conclude to deal." A wag, who was standing by, indulg ing in a dozen, winked at the attendant to shell out, and the offer was accepted. "Now mind," repeated the Sucker, "all fair-two chickens for a dozen you're a witness, mister," turning at the same time to the wag; "none of your tricks, for I've heard that you city fellers are mity slip'ry coons." The bargain being fairly understood, our Sucker squared himself for the onset ; deliberately put off the seal-skin, tucked up his sleeves, and, fork in hand, awaiting the appearance of No. 1. It came-he saw-and quickly it was bolted I A moment's dreadful pause ensued. The wag dropped his knife and fork with a look of mingled amazement and horror-something akin to Shakespere's Hamlet on seeing his daddy's ghost-while he burst into the exclamation "Swallowed alive, as I'm a Chris tian I" Our Sucker hero had opened his mouth with pleasure a moment before, but now it stood open. Fear-a horrid dread of he didn't know what-a con sciousness that all was not right, and ignorant of the extent bf the wrong the uncertainty of the moment was terrilble. Urged to desperation, he faul tared out " What on earth's the row 1" " Did you swallow it alive I" inquired the wag. " I swallowed it jest as he gin it to me 1" shouted the Sucker. "You're a dead man l" exclaimed his anxious friend, "the.creature is alive, and will eat right through you," added he in a most hopeless tone. "Get a pizeI pump and pump it out !" screamed the Sucker, in frenzy, his eyes fairly starting fromn their sockets. "0 gracious !-what'll I do I -it's got hold of my innards already, and I'm as dead as a chicken --do somethin' for me, do-don't let the in fernal sea-toad eat me afore your eyes." " Why don't you put some of this on it r' inquired the wag, pointing to a bottle of strong pepper-sauce. The hint was enough-the Sucker, upon the instant, seized the bottle, and desperately wrenching out the cork, swallowed half the contents at a draught. He fairly squealed from its effects, and gasped and blowed, and pitched, and twisted, as if it were coursing through him with electric effect, while at the same time his eyes ran a stream of tears. At length becoming a little composed, his waggishl adviser ap proached, almost bursting with sup pressed laughter, and inquired " How are you now, old fellow; did yeou kill it l" "Well, I did, hoss'n-ugh, ugh o-o-o mny innards. If that ilster critter's dyin' agonies didn't stir a 'ruption in te equal to a small arthquake, then 'tain no use sayin' it-it squirmed like a sarpont, when thatkillin' stuff touched it; hu'i-and here with a countenance made up of supipressed agony and present determination, he paused to give force to hIis words, and slowly and deliberately remarked, " If you git two chiokens from me for that live anrimile, I'm d-d 1" anti seizing his seal-skin ihe vanished. The shout, and thie contortions of tihe company at this finale, would have made a spectator believe that they had all been swallovwing oysters alive. "To step aside is hluman"-especi ally when a runaway teamn is coming down the street. 