Nobelist. The Bride of Barcelona. A ROMANCE OF SPAIN IN THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY. CHAPTER XIX. ( Continued.) "Speak lower, Richard," whispered his more prudent cousin. She is a terrible woman in feature as well as character ! How like a demon she looks, as she strikes that miserable woman ! How her eyes flash ! How she scowls ! How her white teeth glitter between her thin and colourless lips !" "She is as handsome and amiable now, to me, as she was fifteen years ago, Arthur. Can you wonder that I shuddered and turned with horror and disgust from her love making then ?" whispered Master Redwind. ''Pah, the female beast ! To think, that she could win my love from the sweetest, gentlest, most lovely maiden that ever lived !" "Take care, Richard ! Your whispering sounds like the growling of a caged lion !" This was true, and had not the attention of the guards, behind whom the Englishmen stood, and whom they nearly touched, been absorbed by the exciting scene before them, some would have turned their eyes suspici- ously and threateningly upon Master Red- wind. "The termagant ! The scold ! The shrew ! The she-cat !" continued the latter in the same growling tone, despite the warning of his cousin, and with his eyes all aflame with hate and scorn. "I cannot rid myself of the suspicion that I have had seething in my soul for fifteen years, Arthur." "I pray you soften your tone, Richard," pleaded Master Maxton. "The terrible suspicion that she had much to do with the capture and death of Countess Mons del Torreda by the hands of the accursed Bilbac," continued Master Redwind, every hair of his flaming red beard seeming to bristle and quiver with restrained rage. "She hated all the Torredas, and especially Countess Mona, who loved me." "Kinsman," said Master Maxton, grasping his cousin's arm sharply, "remember our cause, and the oath we are under not to imperil aught that may conduce to its success. We have fearful proof before us this instant that this woman— fiend in woman's shape, if you like— has great power in Barcelona. Let her not recognise you before the purpose of our presence in Barcelona has been decided upon by the Council of Nobles. As you love me, my cousin." "Enough. I will look on in silence," replied Master Redwind, who then became silent. "It is most magnificent spectacle," said Juan Galloz to himself. "It is almost equal to what we are to see done to-day on Volta's coffin-shaped platform." Galloz continued to maintain his position after too scourging was over. When Balbac alighted from the litter, Galloz stared at with great curiosity in his soul. "Ho ! Here is the owner of the litter," he said to himself. "The rich and noble Florentine, Signor Carretta de Medici, of whom I have heard so much from my gossips recently. This is my first sight of him ! He is a feeble old badger, I see." Galloz would have lost his footing on the end of the portmanteau from sudden terror, had he recognised in the pretended octogena- rian the powerful and formidable Balbac. Master Redwiad had never before seen the famous renegade chief of this Moors, and of course did not recognise that the pretended Florentine was other than he assumed to be. Master Maxton, indeed, had once and but once ever seen Balbac. But twenty years had passed since he and Balbac met for the first and only time on the bloodstained deck of the betrayed Neapolita, and then Balbac was clad in Moorish armour and costume, and their meeting was that of two fiercely fighting men, each striving to slay the other. Master Maxton, of course, did not even inspect that the apparently decrepit old man descending from the litter was the man who had robbed him of all that once made life dear to him." Master Redwind was able to see the pale and terrified face of the beautiful maiden in the litter as Balbac quitted it, and during that conversation which we have related as passing between Balbac and Countess Inez ; and again the wonderful similitude of that lovely face to the face of Countess Mona, as memory had engraved the latter countenance forever upon the heart of the Englishman, struck his brain as violently as it had when he first noted the likeness in the attic room of The Sweet Repose. "Maledictions upon Countess Inez," he exclaimed in his heart, as his keen eye read hatred for the maiden in the dark and expressive face of the Amazonian countess. "She hates the helpless girl. Doubtless she hates her chiefly because the maiden has the eyes, the features and the proud glance, though not the raven-black hair, of Countess Mona ! The maiden has hair like that of my sister, the wife of Count Torreda— and yet her eyes, her eyebrows her face, are wonderfully like these of Countess Mona, the sister of Count Torreda, the woman, the only woman I ever loved. Ah me ! how all my soul goes forth in love and pity, and with desire to serve, to rescue her. But what can I do ? Nothing. The maiden is Balbac's daughter." Yet when it was plain upon the vindictive features of Countess Inez that she thought of commanding and forcing Lady Mazeenta to quit the shelter of the litter and walk between the files of the guards and in the sight of the rabble to the rear entrance of the Scorda palace, Master Redwind was so stirred to anger and indignation and to effort to befriend the poor maiden, that he said, sternly and loudly : "All honour should be shown to the intended bride of Count Scorda." When Countess Inez gave her command that the bold speaker should be led forward, and as she asked her banner-bearer for the scourge, her eye was upon the ugly face of Juan Galloz, the most conspicuous object in the direction whence the bold words had been hurled rather than spoken. The Countess, recovering from the mo- mentary belief that she had just heard the voice of a man whom she had never ceased to love with all the intense jealous of her tigress-like heart, and greatly vexed with herself for having even for an instant fancied that it was possible the man was there, suddenly conceived the idea that the insolent speaker was Juan Galloz. Juan Galloz chanced to be looking at Master Redwind as the countess gave the order spoken of. Amazement at the supreme audacity of the Englishman held the innkeeper spellbound for a time, and during that brief but very important time the countess gave her order, and with her severe and revengeful gaze upon his face. Had Galloz known that she was gazing at him as she spoke, or suspected that he was suspected, he would probably have sprung from the portmanteau instantly and hidden himself amid the mass of rabble near him. "Seize Juan Galloz and lead him hither !" cried the countess, in her shrill, harsh, yet clear voice, as she accepted the scourge from her banner-bearer. "Seize whom ? Me ?" roared Juan Galloz, hearing the command distinctly. "Fire and bones ! Why, it was—" But before he could say another word Master Maxton grasped his legs and jerked him down to the ground, flat upon his back. "Dog of a traitor ! Cadmas !" hissed Master Maxton, and in English, as his knee pressed the breast and his dagger menaced the throat of the astounded and half stunned innkeeper. "Say that you spoke the words ! Admit— declare to the countess that you are the offender !" "Nay, cousin, I cannot permit—" began Master Redwind, hearing the command of his kinsman. "Our cause demands it. I, your superior, command it !" continued Master Maxton, in reply to his cousin. "I obey," said Master Redwind, reluc- tantly. "Obey, betrayer of Christians," he added to Galloz. Evade the rage of the countess as you may be able." "Ay, obey— or I denounce you to the rabble of Barcelona !" said Master Maxton, fiercely. And at this moment four of the guards closed about Galloz and the Englishmen, one saying : "Leave the man to us, strangers." Master Maxton rose to his feet and stepped aside with his kinsman, who had taken charge of their portmanteau. Galloz scrambled to his feet, scowling and mutter- ing, but offered no resistance to the guards as they collared him and led him to the very spot on which Dama Boveda had just re- ceived her "taste of raw and dried beef," as he had expressed it to himself. If there was one man in all the world of the many detested by Countess Inez whom she desired to scourge more than any other, that man was the burly, bullying, swaggering, leering, scowling innkeeper of The Sweet Repose. And more than this, Galloz was perfectly aware of this detestation, which he had for- gotten in his brutal eagerness to behold the misery and disgrace of Dama Boveda— an eagerness which had caused him to impru- dently assume his late very conspicuous position. "My faith !" thought the guard upon whose shoulders Galloz had held his hands as he stood upon the portmanteau, "I do not think Master Galloz spoke those bold words— though certainly they were spoken behind me, and very near to me. But let me keep my mouth shut, for, bones of the saints ! my blood ran cold as I fancied the fierce countess had her gaze upon my face as she said : 'Give me the soourge, Pedro, I may need it.' " "Vile fellow !" said the countess, with her eyes asquint at Galloz, and poising the scourge in her right hand, "what meant you by daring to speak in such a tone, and such words in defiance of my presence ? Fall back to your places, guards ! Speak, ras- cal !" Galloz, furious as a mad bull— the visage of which animal his own greatly resembled— and not daring to give vent to his rage and the truth, rolled his eyes wildly about him, met the exultant gaze, of Dama Boveda— rejoioing in anticipation of seeing Galloz, "well basted," as the dame expressed it to herself— fixed his gaze upon the ground, and shook his bull-like head. "Fury take Dama Boveda !" he said, in his heart. "The hag is licking her chaps with an appetite to see me scourged !" "Do not dare deny that you uttered those insolent words— more insolent in tone than in phrase— for I know that you are the culprit," said the countess, sternly. "You know a lie !" thought Galloz, still speechless, and adding to himself ; "I will neither deny or admit the accusation." But as he lifted his eyes and glanced around at the many facea about him, he thought : "The shame ! The public shame ! To be flogged like a hound, and by a woman ! I will escape the shame if I can." "Noble lady," he said aloud ; "I have had the honour of being with the noble Count Scorda— not an hour ago scarcely— and he, I know, would regret—" "What ! Do you presume to be a thinker for my brother ! Down upon your knees ! You saw how a woman of your class knelt just now !" exclaimed the countess, suddenly dealing the innkeeper a blow across his face. Galloz drew his sleeve across the smarting welt, that told instantly where and how severely the stroke had hurt, and involun- tarily his right hand grasped the hilt of his sword." "In an instant the spears of twenty guards made a terrible, necklace around his throat with their keen and glittering points. But a word, a nod from the fierce countess was needed to send these twenty points clashing through his neck, breast, and back. But that would be death, instant death to Juan Galloz ; and then her delight in scourg- ing him would be lost to the countess. '"Disarm and bind him and put him upon his knees," commanded the countess. "May not the litter move on with Lady Mazeenta ere your highness chastises this man ?" asked Balbac. "I would suggest, at least, noble lady, that the litter be carried within the premises now rented by me." "The litter or the maiden shall remain where it is, signor," replied the countess, haughtily. "Let her quit the litter if you repent of having given her its protection. I do not kiss the feet of what my brother worships." "Nay, great lady. The litter is at the service of her who will ere night be First Lady in Barcelona," said Balbac respectfully but pointedly. "She is not yet, and may never be, First Lady in Barcelona," retorted the countess, with a dangerous sparkle of demon thought in her eye. "I am First Lady in Barcelona, Signor Carretta, and you will do well to bear the fact in constant remembrance. Your tone is insolent. Your age protects you. Be careful." "By Allah," said Balbac to himself, "I verily believe the tigress would dare lay her scourge upon me ; My age protects me ! Good ! If she only suspected now that I am not ten years older than herself !" On his knees, and with his hands crossed and bound at the wrists behind his back, Juan Galloz, not daring to speak the truth, set his teeth hard together and made his muscles rigid to receive his scourging. Charging at him the countess dealt him the first stroke, and as she reined back her palfrey to charge and strike again, a party of horsemen appeared at the distant end of the narrow street, and the rabble in that vicinity began to raise shouts of alarm. \---------------------------------- CHAPTER XX. COUNT SCORDA ANB HIS SISTER. THE shouts of alarm were raised because the people at that end of the narrow street feared they were about to be trampled upon by the horsemen, who had appeared suddenly and at a gallop from another street. Countess Inez glanced in that direction, and, as the horsemen were not more than five hundred paces distant, readily recognised a party of Count Scorda's mounted body- guards, and amid them she fancied she saw Count Scorda himself. The mounted body-guards of the count were of a very different class of the people of Barcelona from that of which his foot- guards were composed. The latter were mainly from the lower ranks of the populace, though their captains and chief officers were members of some of the inferior orders of the Catalan nobility ; whereas the privates as well as the officers of the mounted guards were all members of the higher orders of nobility. Most of the privates of these horsemen were wild, reckless, and dissipated young nobles, scions of families which, in the late political struggle between Scorda and Torreda, were strong partisans of the ambitious and unscrupulous count. Fifty of these young nobles, aroused to action at an early hour by the salvos of cannon, and by the various rumours suddenly afloat throughout the city soon after it became known that Lady Mazeenta had escaped from the Scorda palace, had assem- bled in haste before the latter edifice in The Rambla, and then ridden here and there about the city seeking the count. They met him just after he had hurried from the fortress of The Arsenals, and one of them immediately dismounted and gave up his horse to the count. The count was scarcely in the saddle when he was informed that Lady Mazeenta was in the litter of the supposed Florentine, and that the bearers of the litter had taken a route which, if not changed, would carry them to the rear of the Scorda palace. The count then directed his own course thitherward by the shortest route, and accompanied by the young nobles, and riding fast, appeared at one end of the narrow and now crowded street, as we have just related. The horsemen, glittering in burnished steel of the most costly and showy armour of the times, and armed with long lances, appeared so suddenly in the rear of the rabble, that the latter shouted in terror, knowing that since Count Scorda had become absolute ruler in Barcelona neither he nor his partisans showed any respect for the lives and limbs of such of the common people as chanced to be in the way of the reckless and cruel nobility. "What means all this collection of the rabble and riff-raff of Barcelona in the rear of our palaces !" exclaimed Count Scorda, annoyed by what he saw, and riding abreast with three young nobles in advance of the others. "Rein up a moment, gentlemen. Not that I care for the comfort of these base- born knaves before us— but, my faith, they are too closely packed and pressed together in this narrow street to allow us to ride through or over them, Ha ! I see the lances of my noble sister's body-guard, her banner, and— yes, that is she— and the rich litter of Signor Carretta. What can be going on there ? The countess appears to be striking some one. She has a most devilish temper. Forward, gentlemen. Out of the way, vagabonds ! Prick the knaves with your spear-points, gentlemen ! Forward !" The stern, harsh and powerful voice of the fiery and ruthless count was plainly heard above the cries of terror and appeal raised by the unoffending people near his horse- men. He was very pale, and his eyes, always sinister, had a ferocious glare, while his hard-lined features looked unusually for- midable and forbidding as they were framed in the white and stained cloth with which Esau had bandaged the lacerated ear. Chafed, bruised, chagrined and sore from his recent struggle with Lord Haralda, Count Scorda was in no mood to be merciful to the common people of Barcelona especi- ally as he had lately heard that many of their number had uttered what he called seditious whisperings in out-of-the-way corners against his exercise of absolute power. The unfortunate people got out of the way of the advancing nobles as well and as fast as they could— pressing against each other, climbing upon each other's heads and shoulders, scrambling like squirrels and cats up the steep walls on either side of the narrow street wherever they could find a crevice to place a finger or a toe, while here and there some sank down and were re- morselessly trodden upon by their terrified comrades. Balbac saw that the same terror and press would soon be near the gate of his hired palace, and that his foliage-hidden grounds would naturally be rushed for as a place of refuge by hundreds of people who would no longer remember the tales of ghosts that hung abont the place. He spoke privately to Ahmed Ali, and in- stantly that active subordinate forced his way through the Inez guards that were between the litter and the gateway, and a moment later saw the strong gate closed and barred. Meanwhile Countess Inez commanded her guards beyond the litter to face about and level their lances towards the people who were between the advancing nobles and her own party. "It is my brother," thought the countess, and he would not suffer me to scourge this rascal Galloz, perhaps. I shall have time to give the insolent hound a very fine thrashing, however, before my brother can check me— if I work fast." The countess then proceeded to "work fast," and, to do her justice, we must say that she did "work fast," and give Juan Galloz a most rapid, searching, stinging, slashing, and powerful scourging— being not in the least particular whether the scourge fell upon his head, back, hands or heels. At the same time it is necessary to say that Galloz did not receive a blow more than his constitutional rascality and long un- punished villainy deserved. Reining up her well-trained palfrey near the kneeling wretch, and leaning well over him, the countess stormed down a perfect tempest of strokes upon him. The countess had the strength of a strong man, and Juan Galloz had not the fortitude that had enabled Dama Boveda to receive her punishment without a whimper. He howled ! He roared ! He bellowed ! Dama Boveda danced and quivered with delight. More than once while the scourge was falling upon her shoulders she had noted the eager joy with which the inn- keeper leered, grinned, and stared at her over the helmet of the accommodating soldier. It was her turn to be joyful now, yet she was not wholly satisfied, for more than once she said to herself : "Oh, I wish Phillip Parez could have half of it for calling me a snap-dragon !" We do not know how many blows Galloz received ere the countess desisted from her working so fast. He had a strong belief that he received somewhere in the neighbourhood of five millions— though probably not more than a hundred strokes were struck when Count Scorda called out : "Countess ! Sister ! Inez ! Stop ! Cease that work ! For shame ! Stop !" But the count was not near enough to seize his sister's arm as he thus shouted ; and when did an angry woman ever hold her striking arm or railing tongue the instant lawful or unlawful authority commanded her obedience. On the contrary, the countess dealt her strokes all the faster and fiercer after the count shouted at her, till he dashed forward and severed the descending scourge near her hand with a furious sweep of his keen-edged sword ; so that we are pleased in being able to say that the guilty and howling innkeeper received abont a hundred and twenty, blows — which were by no means a whipping for a baby." As a final blow the countess hurled the heavy butt of the scourge at the head of Galloz, and as she was very expert in hurling all kinds cf missiles at her servants, the weighty mass, as hard as stone, struck the brutal rascal squarely between his ugly eyes, and tumbled him over upon his back. All in all, this punishment was the worst and most complete overthrow Juan Galloz had ever had— especially as it was inflicted in public and by the hand of a woman. "Shame, sister !" exclaimed Count Scorda, as he reined up his horse abreast with that of the fuming countess. "Shame ! Why this public display of your stormy temper ?" "The rascal— your pet knave there— spoke insolently to me in public," replied the countess, her voice and lips tremulous with rage and excitement. "And when I offered to punish him in public he dared to clap his beastly hand upon the hilt of his sword." "My lord," said Galloz, who had scrambled to his knees, "as I am a living man, I meant no disrespect to the noble countess ! I—" "Silence in my presence !" cried the volcanic woman. "Speak again before me in your defence, and by heaven I will have you cut to pieces on the spot. You have offended me, and escaped with your life. You are more fortunate than many others have been. Another time you may not be so fortunate.'' Her eyes darted such terrible rage at the innkeeper that he hung his great bull-like head and trembled in his buskins. "Your dear lady-love," continued the countess, and addressing the scowling count, "is in that litter— as you see. I advise you to lose no time in making her First Lady of Barcelona, or she may escape your love for ever." "Turning then to the captain of her guards, she gave some brief command, and rode haughtily and slowly toward the rear entrance of the Scorda palace. Her troops closed around and behind her, and moved with her. "I would she were dead— or the wife of Balbac the Saracen— or anywhere out of Christendom— that I might never see her face or hear her voice again !" muttered Count Scorda, as he darted a glance of wrath and chagrin after his sister. "I would the Englishman she loved had loved her, married her, and carried her hence fifteen years ago ! She was half-fiend then, but since he scorned her love she has become all fiend. I would the demon had her ! I am afraid of her !" He turned to the sergeant of his foot- guards and said : "Explain this scourging, Fabio Alvaro." The sergeant obeyed, and, with the brevity of a veteran, as far as he understood the matter. "I admire and will reward your zeal, Juan Galloz, though I cannot believe that Countess Inez would have made Lady Mazeenta quit the litter," said Count Scorda. "Such purpose was plain upon the face of her highness," remarked the sergeant, who had no love for the countess, "else I am sure Master Galloz would not have spoken so boldly as he did." "May I die in the clutches of the mob of Barcelona, if I spoke a single word," said Galloz to himself. "It was Señor Richard — may the fiend confound and claw him and Señor Arthur !" He rolled his fierce and bloodshot eyes around, and as they met the steady and powerful gaze of Master Maxton; he trembled again and let his glance rove elsewhere. "Unbind Galloz, sergeant," commanded the count. "And, Galloz," he continued, "you shall have a hundred pieces of gold for what you have suffered, and for your zeal in my service to-day. You were right and brave to say that all honour should be given to the intended bride of Count Scorda. Come hither to my stirrup that I may whisper something." Galloz obeyed, his arms being now free. "You are not that kind of a man," whispered the count, "whose scars from a scourge can be healed by gold." Galloz gazed keenly up into the dark and sinister eyes of the noble, and read there that which emboldened him to reply : "Your greatness knows me well." "So I thought, Galloz. But accept the hundred pieces— they will be paid to you at my palace to-morrow— and ten times as many shall be yours if within a week you proud lady's high head is lower— much lower— than we see it to-day. You understand me ?" "Perfectly, my lord." "By my faith," continued the count, scowling, "the life of my bride will not be safe, I think, after the look of fiendish hate the countess cast upon her as she rode away. To be continued. 