> T HE P II A N T 0 M .M I N E R. ' C A utory of the old gold digging dagx.) i " Tkll you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned. a hale old > gentleiuau of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened oir Tallmans Gully, in 185!)." I We were all attention, and listened to the very remark able narrative he rcl.ated in the following manner ; " You must know." cniTimnnned mv imc.lc. " that, T and ' I four ra.ates were living in a tent on the Ijanks of the i river — living, I .said, I .should have called it. existing, for ' wc were most unfortunate, only finding suiliaieiit gold to keep HS in the commonest tucker. After our cveiyday's work, you may be sure we were tired eaotigb ; ljut we were every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink of ,a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas homo. This confounded noise alw.ays comineuced at midnight, and did not cease until the break of day. One night wc were deterniinod to sec who it was ; so wc sallied forth in the brifrllh mGrmHM'hh nnil cnw n Jii !>i flinnol J .shirt, high boots, and slouched Int, hard at work b.y an ' k old claim which had been deserted Cor many yeans. I was r chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this noisy digger; j f but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, 'v transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was no lir.hig mm, hut ii .ikdiiton ) " Dncle Ned 1" we .all cried, ."how fearful.", y " One night, our tent was visited by a handsome, well- to-do looking man, of about fifty years of age, who ) enquired for a dig, ger of whom wc knew , nothing about, y He told us r.liat in '51 he aiid a mate of his deserted from ' one of. Her. Majesty's ships, and slafted for the '.Tallra.ans ) 'gold. fields. They worked with pretty good luck for" a few . months, when the new comer went down to .Mclb.ourne to ;see, about; some, letters. Before he .went, he said, to his 'matej .fBob, . whatever you:' do, never ' .stop working the clami for a day until I come back.' Bbb promised, and ' 'they parted; ' I went doivn to Mclbmifrie," said the cxt ' in-iL there was arrested .as a deserter, and sent' .on ' . board ; arid ' how that I have obtained my discharge, I ; ' have hastened up here to find my old chum.'- You will j' see him to-night,M s.aid; 'butyoalll fitubhiin very .much changed.' At , midnight, the everlasting clink of the phnntom'.s pick was heard, and we all turned out. ' Ah ! ' I cried the sailoi', 'there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am back. Bob, spe.ak to rue.'. He fan to the figure, which '.turned its hideous face on him. With aloud shriek the seeker felLsenseless.on the'i'ound. The ghost threw 'do.wri its .pick, and' vanished. 'Iq the hhbrniiig wc discovered th'e ' poor sailor a raving lunatic." ' . " Oh, uncle Ned, what a fearful story." " Well, you asked me to tell you a storg, and I done so." " Then, it is not true 7 " - . " lyelli said our uricle. laughing, ") it is as true.ias : many of the absurd yarns that got about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah,, those were strange days, when men ;Would undergo any amount of privation for a few ounces of gold. How different it is now; for should a man be. 'pushed for a large or small amount all that lie has to do is to have an interview with DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street e.ast, 'Who has from Jio to 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills of sale (with or without- security);- salary orders, life . policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, /'merchandise, on oxpected remittances, or ou moneys per- jsons may he cnlitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ' Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate .pf interest, and mortgages from 6 per cent. . - 