MEWS OF THE DAY In another colnmti will be found an im portant cablegram, giving tho loading aooroa of tho Auutralian players iu the Yorkshire cricket match, The writ for tho South Qippsiaud election will bo issued to-morrow. In all probability tho day of nomination will bo this day week, nud the day of polling tho Tuesday or Wednesday following. The Anstralian Klovon are apparently beeping up thoir preotigo in England. Ou Monday, on Kennington Oval, thoy met a Surrey Blovon, and at the closo of the day's play had apparently vory slightly the bettor of the game. The Surrey eleven made 1Q7 in their flrBt innings, and tho Australians made 110. After that tho Surrey; men re sumed thoir places nt the wiokots, and when the stumps were drawn they had lost one wioket for 10 runs. As tho wioket lost is probably that of ono of th bost bats of tho team, the Australians wonld appear to have every prospect of scoring another victory, although it must be confessed that at present tho match appears to ba a very opeu one. In ail probability, nnder theso circumstances, there wonld be an enormous attendance on the Cenniugton Oral on tho second day, us there would bo no othor great attraction, such as tho race for tha championship of tho ThamOB on Monday, or the Derby to-day, aDd by this time there must be great inter est felt in tho play of the Australians. Somo timo since we announced that arrangements had beon made with a corres pondent in. London whereby. Tub Huiiald would receive cablegrams when any im portant event occurred in Europe, Within the last few days we have published several messages, and the service is now in working order. Our readers may, therefore, rely on receiving full information concerning any event of moment which may take place Jin the Old World in time for transmission to Tuts Hebald. There still continues to be a rush to the Government works, aud tho number of un<i employed Beome to increase like a rolling snowball. There can now be no donbt that ' the wotk fnrniBhed by the Government is being made an exouse for skulking by num bers. A labor agent in Melbourne openly states that men are abandoning steady work 'o go to Emerald Hill, where they are not so rigidly supervised , and that Boveral can. tractors have been, and are, pat to serious inconvenience from their men deserting them. He states that be conld place fifty good pick-and-Bhovel men in half an hour. ' The ienlly unemployed havo, however, takon the matter up, nnd a committoe of bona fide men will to-day mnko a tour of the works, for the purpose of picking out and denouncing those who havo left fair employment for tho Government work, and by so doing havo bo seriously injured those really in want. It is pretty certain that the officers in charge of the work will BBBiBt them in their object, and speedily weed out those who by their greedy action aro stealing work and food from honest, de serving, hut unfortunate follow laborers. An application was made this morning to his Honor Mr Justice Barry, in ohambors, for a writ of habeas. corpus for. the release from enstody of John Frederick Bing, tho late maeter'of tho 'brig Alexandra, who was committed' by the, (OHy Beach on Monday last, on a charge of attempting to abscond from his bail, The application was made oh tho grounds that no evidence was' givon or any facts stated in the police court to prove the charge of attempting to abscond, His Honor refused to grant tho writ. A notice has been posted outside the Pub lic Works department, to tho effoot that all the positions in the office wore now filled, and that in making future appointments, prefer ence would be giveu to ex-officers of the Governmeut, This moaBure has been resor ted to in consequence of the numerous appli cations that are being made for omploymeut, and it is stated that similar . measures will be taken in the other departments. An appeal was heard at the General SesBionB to.day, In which a man appealed against a conviction fori' ornelly "torturing a .mare i... Judge. Cope asked how_cp.uld.jm animal be " humanely tortured I " Mr Purvea suggested by tiokling it to death . At the District Court this morning, S. B, Sannders, a licensed pawnbroker in Lygon street, Oarlton, was sued at tke instance of a Mrs Hornbrook for committing a breaoh of the Pawnbrokers' Act, The complainant, on tho lllh February last, pledged a Paisley shawl, valued at £5, with the defendant for the snm of 4s, and a pair of Bheeta for 6s. On last Saturday night Mrs Hornbrook went to Saunders' shop and tendered the pawn ticket, offering to pay the principal and interest, and asked for her shawl, which conld not be found. She re turned to the shop on the following Monday, when, according to her statement: Mr Saunders informed her that he had sold her shawl, and that the time for the te« demption of the sheets hd expired, At tho eonrt to-day defendant prodaaed an old shawl, which he averred was the one pledged by Mrs Hornbrook, bat whioh was disowned by hor. Tha bench, consisting of Messrs Barnett, Clarke and Norman, J.'sP,, consi dered tho oflenao proved, and fined the de fendant £4 and 21a costs in the shawl aaso, and 30s fine in the second oaso, Involving tho sheets, Mr Kane appeared ior the com plainant, John Hnnter Bishop, who had been twice previously remanded ou a ohargeof obtaining jewellery under false pretenceB in Melbsarno, was brought before the Oity Oonrt this morning, on a fresh oharge of embezzlement iu New Zealand, committed while the pritoDer was in tho service of tho Govern ment at Christchurch, as assistant Distriot- surveyor, Detective Constablo Smart, of . the New Zealand constabulary, produced warrant for tho prisoner's arrest, and also cortiiiod copies of depositions in tho caso, both signed by Mr George Lilley Mollish, resident magistrate of OhriBtchnroh, New. Zealand. On .being asked, the prisoner had nothing to say in answor to the charge, and he was ordered to be oommitted to gaol, ponding the issue of the Governor's warrant for his extra dition. Bother a barefaced ottompt at burglary was made last night in Bouverie street, Carlton, by an old man - named Thomns Smith. Shortly after 11 o'clook last night a pawnbroker named Thompson, carrying cm j business in Iiouverio streot, hoard n noisu as , of Bomo person boring boles in htB shutters, On going outsido ho found tho prisoner I working away with a large gimlet. About a dczen holes hnd already beon borod when Mr lliompeon disturbed tho would-bo robber, who made off and joined n comrade of his, who was keeping a look out on tho opposite side of tha etrcot. Thompson followod tha man, whom ho snwontor n cottngo next tho brewery. Tkn assistance of Constables DuroSB nnd Maxwell wub obtained, and theee officers arrested tho priSDnor, who was lying upon hiH bed half dressod, In the room where Smith was tiioy found a large gimlet, which exactly fitted the holes in Thompson's shutters. The prisoner admitted the tffeuco to Constable Duress, and stated that ho had boon out of work for a lengthy period, and hnd intended committing tho robbery, no ho wauled broad, Tho prisoner, who has already undergone n sentence for larceny, was sent to gaol for six months. The wife of tho prisoner, who was also apprehended on the chnrgoof vagrancy, was brought before tho court and discharged. Smith's mato was not nrroatedi A telegram from the hnrbor-mastor nt Fort Albert states that Captnin Mnchouochie and the crew of tho Blackbird did not return to that place last night as was anticipated, but still remain at the wreck, doing what they can to savo property, until an agnnt of the insurers is present. Mr Olcavoland, acting for tho New Zealand Insurance Com pany, in which tho vessel was insured to tho '' amount of £2500, has dispatched Captain M Calium to tha scene to furnish a report to tho company. It is not known if the offices in Sydney, in which tho bulk of tho in surance was effected, havo taken aoy active BtepB in the matter as yet. An extraordinary case of desertion of children by (heir mother occurred on last Monday no follows : — LaBt Monday morning n respectably dreBsed woman, giving tho namo of Bowen, presented herself ut the Stephen street State School with three very young children, thoolc1 eat a delioato. looking girl,' being apparently about six years of age, Mrs Bowen left the- children, who brought their luncheon to the school, with Mrs Iugsmeils., the head teacher, stating that eho wou'4 still for tho children after i cbool hours, Finding the mothor did not return in the afternoon, the schoolmistress left them in the sohooi in the care of a Mrs Beid, who clonus out the schooihouBe. She, finding the mother did not return for her iffspring, took tho Jiltla desortcd ones homo with her, since which timo they have re- Bided with her. Inquiries wero instituted v. sterdny by Plain clotbeB-putrol Holland, who ascertained that tho woman Bowen hits recently resided at 220 King strcot, having arrived lately from Quarry Hilt, Sandhurst, where the children state their grandmother still resides. Yesterday tho head teacher received a letter signed " A, Bowen," of whioh the following is a copy : — " I received . an alarming telogram from my husband, who is dangcronsly ill. I will Bail for Sydney tp- dBy. PleaBC give my children to the police to bo sent to the Indus trial Schools till OhriBtmas, when I'll come back for thnm. I have not enough money to take them now. — A. Bowen." The note was written In a largo hilt lady-like hand. It was statsd that the eldest child was in very bad health, and was suffering from fever. She was directed to be sect to the Children's Hospital. The two other little waifs were remanded to the In dustrial Sobools for a week. | I Mr David Gaunson, at Caatlcmnino last night, accojding to the M.A, Mail, said:— If Mr Pearson was eleoted it would cause a serions split in the ranks of the liberal parly If he was made Minister of Education it wonld give great offence to many who would consider themselves . overlooked. Ho in stanced the seleotion of Mr Bolfe by Sir J. M'Cnlioch, and argued that the Premier wbb in tho position of tho captnin of a ship, who was responsible for its safe direotion and tho welfare of those on board. He complained of the interference of the Age newspaper, and said whilst he respected the press, he found from painful experience that a publio man was little indebted to it for honest and conscientious support. Tho Bpeuker con- \- eluded a powerful uddrees by asking them to support Mr W. Gaunson if they wore convinced of hiB fitness, and in retiring wbb followed by several bursts of applause, Mr F. C. Mason was sued in tho Supreme Oonrt yestorday by Mr B. G.Bloxsidge, of Mordialloc, for a Bam due for board and lodging, the defendant consented to a judgment for £41 2s 6d. A somewhat amusing cpiBodo occurred last night dnring the conrse of Mr A, P.- Martin's lecture at Bmerald Hill on the. Earl of Beaconsfield, It aeons that a well- known M.L.A., who had met with many defeats before he gained a Parliamentary seat, was on the platform, This gentleman good-hnmoredly interrupted the lecturer once or twice, until ho tamed round, and, with a slight bow, observed, in reference to Disraeli's early defeats, " Persistence, gen tlemen, will gain almost anything in this world — even a seat in the Legislative As. sembly." After this the worthy legislator preserved a decorous silence, Mr Stephen Massett's ' monologue enter tainment at the Athenmum last night was a great success. There was a crowded audi ence, nnd his Excellency and Lady Bowen were present. Mr klaBsett, in his selections and imitations, moved from grave to gay with a happy facility that was mnch apn predated, and drew loud applause, while Mb pathotio original ballade wero rendered with unusual expression. - Mr Massett will repeht his entertainment to-night, when Ihorecaubo but little doubt .but that a still larger audience will attend, A contemporary, gives n. list this morning of a team'whicb, it usserts, is the eleven of Surrey. now being played by the Australian Eleven, and it contends that they were the connty eleven of last season. Our contem porary must bays been asleep, for most of those named are men . who are, to some extent, " played out," and have had to take a " back B.at," Five of them did not play with Burrey in any important matches last Btueon— namely, Clifford, Dryland, Apted, Swan and Streot, and of these only Street and Dryland are even mentioned by Lilly white ub among the leading cricketers ot England) either amateur or professional. .Unless our contemporary regards Surrey as at the bottom of all the counties, or gives it oredit for holding the Australians remarkably cheap, wc cannot conceive how such a team could come to bo published as the prubablo selection ol burroy. The only ones out of the thirteen mentioned who havo a ghost ot n show of playing in this match aro B: Humphrey, Jupp, Pooley, Southerton, Bar rett and Jonee, bat we do not fancy that tho iast-Bamed would bo selected, We maintain that the eleven we havo published are tho most likely toam, especially in view of the closeness of tho game, With sueh lincB as the Maryleboue aud Yorkshire matches to go by, it becomes ovidout that any Surrey toam, to run tho Australians as close as the ono they arc now playing has dune, must bo ono of tho strongest tho olub ould put in tho field. The colonials could asiiy beat tho whole thirteen named by the ournal referred to, The complaint to which we (Kyneton Guardian) recently referred as having broken out amongst the horses in this and neighboring districts appears to have fairly taxed the skill of the veterinary surgeons, and even now hnu not been satisfactorily accounted for, Opiuions are various ou tho point. Mr Miscnuible, who bus been called Lv, is not aware of tho cause ; Mr Ellis, of Kynoton, is of opinion that the cuubo of the opidemio is young feed ; Mr Braithwaito BtateB also the disease, is a stomaoh disease, bnt Mr V'ncont, of Molbonrno, alleges it id nothing moro nor lcsa than! plouro-pnan-j mania. A valuable horse bolonging to Mr Savago,of Springfield, died, and was subjeoti to post-mortem, Mr Vincont giving a vordict that it was decided pleuro, Tho lungs wore diseased, but no other part, not even the muscles of tho hind' logs, woro uffectod; The animal was afflicted in jUBt tho same way as others bolonging to Mr Savage and his' neighbors— that is, it lost control of its hind logs, and conld not stop backward. The disease has moderated somewhat in oxtant, but is still very prevalent, ' According to tbo Ballarnt Courier, tho condemned' man, Biohard Hornghty, still i j : ' I presents an impasBlvo and resigned de meanor. Yesterday he had an affeotlng interview with Ms mother and some other rolativoB, nud wub visile J by the Bav. Father Gleary and another minister ef his religion: lie was very attentive to their advloe, and appeared to feel tbo awful position in whioh bo has placed himself. Tho M. A. Mail writes : — Another wanton destruction of fish has takon place through tbo most heedless carelessness. At the Crocodile Gully, at Fryer's Creek, fish whioh hud been pnt llicro at great troublo and ex pense by tho Messrs Bowc Bros, hnd grown and multiplied, Hearing that the water might be lot off, tho Messrs Bowe told a man employed by tho Wntor Supply de partment about the fish) nud their desire for preserving them, bnt notwithstanding their information tho man, without giving notice, let off tho water, whereby the fish oaoaped and were destroyed. Thoy conld have bean easily saved and preserved until the rcBor- voir was again filled, One of the fish was computed to bo 161b in weight, and four that, were carried away in a bag wero said to ba almost 301b, The Messrs Bowe brought this matter nnder tho notice of the shire counoil ycaterday, with a view to having tho man who bad behaved so recklessly reprimanded by the Water Supply department. The theatres were all well filled last night, despite the severe cold that pre vailed, At tho Theatre Boyal Mr Wnllaco continues to attract large audienoes by his clever impersonation of the irrepressible George Fjnnois > Train, and tho clever comedy of Oar Girls at the Acndomy qf Music will, doubtless, remain on tho boards for some j.ime, Tbo Georgia Minstrels are the attraction at the Princess's, nnd will oontinuo till tho end of tho week. Their programme is a now one, and inuoh ap preciated, Signorn Gundagnini appeared to advantage ub Amelia in Un tiallo Maschora at the Opera House, To-night 11 Trovatore will bo produced. 