SIGNS OF THE TIMES, OR THE ICTORIAN PFREE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Continuation of lecture by N. KusNSN. Take the Articles agreed upon in the reign of Edward VI. as we have it by the authority of the Parliament : " The Bishops and other Learned and Godly men in the Convocation at Lon don, in the year of our Lord 1552--As Christ died and was buried for us so also it is to be believed that he went down into Hell. For the body lay in the sepulchre until the Besurrection, but s his ghost departing from Him was with the ghosts that were in prison, or in Hell, and did preach to the same as the place of St. Peter doth testify." This my friends is by authority. And again in the year 1562, in Convocation agreed upon by the Archbishops and Bishops, and Clergy in the Convocation holden at London in the year 1562-" As Christ died for us and was buried, so also it is to be believed that he went down into helL" This was ratified and assented to by Queen Elizabeth, and archbishops and bishops, in the year 1571, and has been continued for the last 300 years, and is now the third article in the prayer book, which is as follows :-" As Christ died for us and was buried, so also it is to be believed that he went down into hell." Those who believe that Christ went down into hell are consistent in repeating it in the Apostles Creed, but those who do not believe it should not repeat it, and I for one could not. The next alteration in order is the Athanasian Creed. The words "before all things" in the first verse we have struck out, and also the second verse. -" Which faith except everyone do keep whole and undefiled, without doubt he shall perish everlastingly," together with the last verse, namely :-" This is the catholic faith, which except a man believe faithfully he cannot be saved." The whole of this we have struck out. But the doctrine of the creed is not altered, only the objec tionable parts, which are designated the damnatory clauses, and of which so much has been objected to by the bishops and clergy, but is still retained in the United Church of England and Ireland, which. we as the Victorian Free Church of England have altered, and do not repeat in our church, while the bishops in the upper house have held debates on this creed, which only resulted in postponement. The Bishop of St. David's said that the more light that is thrown on the origin and contents of this creed, the fewer will be found to be its claims to that place which it now occupies in the public service of the church, and that it should be abolished. But I say no ; it should not be abolished, for as we have now revised it, it stands prominent as a beautiful and scriptural creed on the doctrine of the Holy Trinity, and eternal or everlasting punishment, which I firmly believe. Archbishop Sumner said that until he became rector of Bishopsgate, he never used the Athanasian Creed in the public service of the church. A nice admission for a bishop to make. The Archbishop of Canterbury said that no person in the room believed in the damnatory clauses. That, said the Bishop of Peterborough, is why I want t to get rid of them. And now we come to consider the t custom in some churches of turning to I the East; and in every church of the United Church of England and Ireland of bowing at the name of Jesus during the repeating of the Apostles and ) Nicene Creeds. Bowing thus at the name of Jesus I have been accustomed to from childhood, and have felt that not to bow would be almost disobedience against God, and rebellion against the Church and the Holy Spirit. But since I have become a minister of the Free Church of England I have learnt better. The text given for bowing in church at the name of Jesus, is the 10th verse of the 2nd chapter in Phillipians :--That at the name of Jesus every knee should bow;" but this I say is not a command for us to bow at the name of Jesus when re peated. I knew a clergyman's daughter when taught in her class in the Sunday School by her teacher refused, when I he told them to bow whenever the name of Jesus Christ occurred in their read ing. She told her father, and he said I that she had done right. Take again the 14th Romans and 11th verse: "For it is written, as I live, saith the Lord, every knee shall bow to me, and 1 every tongue shall confess to God." Also, 45 Isaiah 23 v.:-" That unto me every knee shall bow, every tongue s hall swear." We plainly see from these texts that they refer to the day of judgment. I said that from a child I had been accustomed to bow in church at the name of Jesus when mentioned in the creeds, but I had never been taught to turn to the East, neither had any one for fifty years in our parish church, yet after the death of my father, who had been the minister for I that period, a change was made, and t the whole congregation at the creeds t turned to the East, and continued the custom. There is a striking account given in the 8th of Ezekial 16th verse :-'"And he brought me into the inner court of 1 the Lord's house, and, behold, at the door of the temple of the Lord, between the porch and the alter, were about five and twenty men, with their backs to ward the temple of the Lord, and 1 their faces toward the east; and they worshipped the sun toward the east. Then he siiid unto ~e, HiEt thou seen this, O son of man ? Is it a light thing 1 to the house of Judah that they com mit the abominations which they com mit here ?" Scott, who was a churchman, re-. marks on this verse,-"We cannot doubt 2 that the practice of turning to the east 1 in some part of public worship which is still retained in many Christian churches, was originally borrowed from idolaters, who worshipped the sun, and those who are very tenacious of this custom would do well to consider its original, in order to abate their exces- j sive attachment to it." The custom of bowing at the name of Jesus, was in the reign of Queen 4 Elizabeth 1559, for we read in the Injunction by Queen Elizabeth, item No 52,-" And whensoever the name of Jesus shall be in any lesson, sermon, - or otherwise in the church pronounced, that due reverence be made of all per sons young and old, with lowness of courtesie, and uncovering of heads of a the menkind, as thereunto doth neces sarily belong, and heretofore hath been accustomed ;" and which has been con tinued up to the present time, as the following paragraph, taken from the Melbourne Argus, will show :-" The judgment of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Conncil in the St. Alban's case is not, it seems, unfavorable to the Ritualists alone, but virtually condemns as illegal a number of practices in vogue i both among High andLow Churchmen, i for which there is no authority in the i rubric. Among these practices are the turning to the east at the Creed, the bowing at the name of Jesus in the SApostles' and Nicene Creed a " and the practice of chanting ' Glory be to thee, 0 God !' before the reading of the Gospel for the day. It is question able, moreover, whether the sermon at evening prayer is not also illegal, for the only place prescribed by the Prayer book for a 'sermon' is after the first part of the communion service, and that is only used at morning prayer. In one respect the judgment is decidedly antagonistic to the Low Church party, for it requires the prayer at the con secration in the communion service to be said by the priest with his back to the people. There appears, however, to be in England a very general dispo sition, both with Ritualists and Evan gelicals, to submit to thejudgment, and to abandon the practices which are by it declared to be illegal." In the administration of baptism god fathers and godmothers are not required. the parents appearing for their own children. The clause in the second prayer is struck out, which is as fol lows :-" That he coming to thy holy baptism may receive remission of sins by spiritual regeneration." We do not believe in baptismal re generation. This is a very important difference between us, and though bap tismal regeneration is not believed in by all, yet there are those that do, and until the wording of the service is altered such will ever be the case in the Church of England. I have before me a pamphlet on bap tismal regeneration, dedicated by per mission to the Right Rev. Charles Perry, D.D., Bishop of Melbourne, dated 1st August, 1868, by Charles James Perry, of Williamstown, and as it is dedicated by permission to the Bishop of Melbourne, and also so can did and outspoken on the subject, I will give a few extracts. Mr. Perry says it is quite as needful that our doc trine should be distinctly asserted, as that it should be upheld, for if we allow the least uncertainty in this respect, the licentious enemy at once takes immense advantage of it, and comes in like a flood, while we go very far towards the surrender of our standard. Mr. Perry, in his reply to the Rev. Mr. Spurgeon's sermon on Baptismal Regeneration, says that he most cor dially concedes to him the fact that his church-the Church of England-does openly, boldly, and plainly declare the doctrine of baptismal regeneration in her standard book of Common Prayer. and that nothing can be more clear and unmistakeable than the words in which that doctrine is unfolded in the catechism we teach our children, and that our baptismal service is no less plain and outspoken on the same point. (To be Continume.) 