I hear" it CITY COUNCIL. '"in JT" 'I MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1878. , ? -. Present The Mayor (W. J Green); Aldermen Burgess, Maher, Harcourt, Watchorn, Daly, Addi- son, Espie and Pike. ,, iC it.. The minutes of the last meeting were, read and confirmed. " JJI '"''' ' ' ' | ncronTs. V The Public Works Committee reported on petition for repairs to Montpelier Retreat between Hampden Road and Byron-street, that the foundation of the footpath was large boulders covered with metal, and they recommended that the whole of the pavement be lifted and passed through the stone crushing machinery at an estimated cost of £140 us. to be undertaken at the commencement of the ensuing year. every n, s ki i) t i,., ,' ', was After a few remarks from Alderman ESPIE, who said it had answered well for the last 30' or 40 years with boulders underneath covered with metal, and he' did not see why it would not do again ; the report was adopted on the motion of Alderman MAHER. * ~ - The same committee, reported, on application of John Griffiths, for permission, to erect bridge over side channel in Byron-street, under the bye- law, recommending same if carried out in strict accordance with the bye-law. Report adopted on the motion of Alderman MAHER, seconded by Alderman DALY. ! The Markets' Committee reported, on application of lessee of Old Market for repairs to stalls, to the effect that the flooring of the two stands, next to Murray-street, of the Old Wharf, were dilapidated and required to be renewed, and the committee recommended that the work be done at a cost not exceeding 66. Alderman MAHER moved, and Alderman ESPIE seconded the adoption of the report which was agreed to Time was granted to report on petition of James Mulcahy, respecting weighbridge, Old Market ; and also on letter of Honorary Secretary of the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, as to the state of Forest Road. , , , PETITION. Alderman PIKE presented a petition from residents in Bathurst-street, asking the Council to cause to be removed the old shed next to the fire-bell, which had become dilapidated and a nuisance by being covered with posting bills. Referred to the Public Works Committee. 1 ' CORRESPONDENCE. ' i Letter from L. A. Meredith, hon. secretary to the society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals, stating that since she had the honour of addressing the Council on the subject of the bad condition of Forest Road, and the consequent cruel sufferings of the horses drawing stone-carts thereon ; several members of the committee had inspected the road, and communicated with the contractors who carted stone. Mr. Andrews had undertaken to give labour towards the repair of Forest Road, if the Corpora- tion would find material and Mr. Hawkes would give the use of horses, will provide metal if sufficient < labour-were supplied for quarrying and crushing.. Another letter was received from the Society, enclosing undertakings of Messrs. Hawkes, Andrews, and Wiggins, to render the assistance mentioned in the previous communication. ? Letter from James R. Flight, calling attention to the state of Frederick- street, owing to the traffic of the stone carts, which prevented the residents from getting their fuel, and damaged the water pipes in the road, the road having been cut from one to two feet, by which great inconvenience was experienced. Another letter was read from Mr. Flight on the same subject. < ' All the letters were referred to the Public Works Committee. Letters were also referred to the Public Works Committee as follows From John Peacock, asking permission to place a bridge over the side channel, opposite his premises, Old Wharf ; from W. Snow, for a few loads of rubble to enable him to build a retaining wtfU^hU'Tiltrick'-strout you'd from Henry Hunter, for permission to erect a bridge across the gutter in. front of Mr. .Watchorn'»,new store, Elizabeth- street, and to have the footpath made. Letter from D'Arcy Read, asking the Mayor and Aldermen to patronize. his exhibition of "The Ghost, "'and also to grant him a few days extra in consequence of his not having been able to open the exhibition as soon as he intended. On the motion of Alderman BURGESS,, it was resolved that the patronage be given as requested and that the other part of the application be referred to the Town Hall Committee. Letter from the Colonial Secretary read as follows: Colonial Secretary's Office, August 21', 1878. Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of 23rd inst, submitting for the consideration of the Government a resolution of the Municipal Council passed on the 12th inst,, embodying the application of the Council for the payment to the Corpora- tion by the Government of all monies derivable from the annual licences of public houses in the city. Your communication has been duly considered by Ministers, and in reply I have to r inform you that the Government are not prepared to accede to the application. The proceeds of public house licenses throughout the Colony form on important part of the generafreveinie, which the Government would not be justified in surrendering. ' If the transfer of these fees, to augment the local revenue, were conceded to the municipality of Hobart Town, the same principle would have to be applied to Launceston, and every district in the island; and the Government are of opinion that in subsidising local taxation by' a grant from the local revenue for the maintenance, of the public peace, the several Corporations and municipal bodies receive as large a measure of assistance as a due consideration for the lights and interest of the taxpayers as a whole, fairly warrant. I have, etc., Wm. Moons. li ii > REVENUE. , ( ,,, i , ,,, The revenue received to the 22nd August was reported at £1098 5s' Id. and to the 29th £448 15s. 9d. i "";> , RETURNS. The returns of the" Superintendent of Police and Inspector; of Stock were read and received. FINANCE, I An account of Russell Young, City Solicitor was passed, for payment, amounting to £29 12s 2d. law expenses.'' ' w' 'i ADJOURNMENT. ', ii. On the motion of Alderman PIKE the Council adjourned for a fortnight. , , , , 