OUR MELBOUKNE LETTER. (ntOM OUR OWN COMVESPOKTirNT -) . .. Parliament s -prorogued, .themmisterial followers have partaken -of- the -whitebaitdinner; and membersigenerally have be-; taken themselves-to their:!iomes, at least they will-do so after the West Melbourne election,: 1 for 'strong-contingenta-of both .sides of the-:Honse-will .-remain in town to Jielp theicandidate of their choice.- The; whitebait dinner was a grand success,: the best 1 believe that ever was held, certainly the largest- gathering,, for over seventy.oW-ero present. ..The' menu was .something exceptionally good.. consisting -of. some thirty ^or forty different items. Commencing with oysters and ending with almonds.-and raisins.-; .Everyone enjoyed himself capital.. Mr Berry took the chair,. and Mr Lalor tho .vice- chair. Prior -to to the dinner, Mr Barry held a levee, each guestCbeing announced; m orthodox style. -iLnoticed that several country newspaper proprietors were present-. - 'It was a delightful aftair altogether, and will do much to cement the Liberal party. There was very Mile speechifying, members being glad to escape from talk. Of ; course a few songs . were . .sung, and -the evening • • showed that. some of the bigtalkers- 1 are .very- good .singers. : Mr Gauuson, who is quite a talented musician, shone particularly in tins department.. . As the West Melbourne election will be decided before these lines appear IU print, 1 suppose that I need say little about it. The. excitement docs not ai all reach.that ; of . the last ©lection..- Mr Francis appears to haye.Iost Ins temper; and at some :of -3iis.;aiieetmgsshe-insultsthe ,-electors so unequiiocally, that Iiwonder some tights liave not taken place. Last, mglit-at tlie Orderly-loom, Mr Francis put ihe cap on fliy;^>ij)g,tuatgJai.ny,',jnan of.Siis age - andweight dared to call linn a -turnco it, lie" \- wonld fight him: -Wliy don't- he call Belly out, he is of Mi Fiancis' age, . thoughliardly-so weighty. - It would-be an edifying spectacle to see these - great men stripped and " going it hammer and , tongs."". : These bursqueries of Mr Francis liave raised hmi up a hoat of enemies, . The prorogation of Parliament wasn't a very trrand spectacle. I'll'.; Atje had announced it would take place at two o'clook, so when a lot of people came up they found the afiair all over. But the fun of the day was to watcli the conduct of Bir George Bowen. and Sir William Mitchell. These two sate close together, and were as ceremonious. as the courtiers in the days of Queen Anne. What a profound look the President of the Gouncil gave to; the Governor when the latter walked out. It was as good as a play- \- At one o£.the West-Melbourne committee rooms : the other mxhi, a stout rosy-gilled gentleman presented himself, with a .view. to give m his adhesion.to the candidate.: -The secretary bad no sooner heard his name than he at once cried ont, " Why, you're dead, sir ; dead as a' door naili according to the .postman." " Dead, am I?;' cried the elector. "I'llshow you all about that." And: he- floored- the secretary. • The dead man then iralksd: ;o!f to ihe rival candidate's committee, .room.. The secretary saya' that he bas no hankering after substantial ghosts. -'.An election incident whicli -occurrod -at Mr. Francis' meeting in Flmderafstreet was .highly amusing. . While Mr Francis was speaking, a drunken sailor came intothe room, and marching right up, until -he faced the candidate, .he at once began to interrupt, good-humouredly, however.; Mr Francis pui up with the nuisance for a -while, but at last, wearied: out, -.. lie said :—" Now, -iiiy good fellow, Will -you accept one -of the: two: alternatives, irill you be ojected iv-force, or will you take two shillings, and go oat y o u r s " I don't know, anything about the alternative—hie,- said the sailor, " but I'll take the two. - shillings:'' And- .'.he did,: and staggered out, amid shouts of laughter. \- Another good story about the election. A constable who liails from the" gun . of the say "—constables mostly Ho—came across • an old wharf. '' liaybag ": the other •night. : She was onlier knees m thegutter, -" Move on there now," cried the constable "or I'll lock' you up; What are you doing there ?' The -old woman though far gone m liquor was too cuumug for -the bobby.; Detecting his uatiouahty by his tongue, she replied: " Shure I'm -praying.for::Sir-Bryan'* return." The constable passed on ; he could not arrest a .person eo pious in the good -cause. The credulity of: man has no bounds. A friend of mine, who is a capital bu«mess man, has a pronounced spiritual craze. As soon as he has had dinner .lie sits at -a spii'itualised table" and.converses easily and pleasantly with the spirits by means of knocks. Years ago Ins special guardian spirit was supposed to be that of. a large merchant in Yorkshire.-, One would have thought that his faith would have been rudely shaken when the gentleman who was -supposed to be- defunct was .proved to brt alive, but -not a bit—he. put it alldown to . some ; .''-.lying spirit" that had taken possession of the medium. - And now, at .the-. especial command of Ills familiar,-he is about-to throw up business to go to-England, where he'is promised great things. Heard, one .orer tho hke. . .. By-tlie-bye, Mrs Britten claims Joan of Arc; as a spiritualist, and very learnedly does -slie discuss the: matter. Of course the .wit<3i of Ender ha3 long been claimed as one. But that lady was cleverer :• than mediums nowadays, for she materialised the prophet Samuel. -. : :. : -:• . I am teld.:on fair" authority that the nominee, idea of »n Upper House is hardly likely to be accepted. It: is . generally thought- tliat the new: Constitution will approximate closely to.. the -Auaerican • Constitution ".Tijo criyjs :.s over and paat/-' ,is a sentence \utli T\hicli almost «veiyone is familiar—one and all -seem, deeply m terested an-the actions .-of the .Ministry,' of 'co\irae;®oiae::to-!condemnj ethers itoappro.re: of what ias been done. Upon cireful inquiry I find, .Ksontraiy to ^ny expscta toons, tiiaf tkc-rn is-i.Tcn-- l^r^e propor-. tioii'jof.-tlie •-'- -elector»iriiu.,<M«lbourne. i m? fayour of the Berry Government Gippsland and the G-ippsland railway •arflsat^present .attractjaj.-;more -attention'; in Slelboarnethan I lb ink they ever did be fore We aie t ild that " distancolends-enchantmeiit to the view," and T rather; .tiiink'sucli is the- ease here, for -the Melbourne foil s seem, to legard Gippsland as - a sort of paradise,•svhere/rgold,- corn,: and cattle are Io be found m abundance , the count! y, so tliey think and say, is m- , habitaa-bya'claas of "rustics, -who;- thouglr -rougliv'tand. 1 vfiaculturedj are meverdiialess'3 possessed of warm and kindly feelings to wards.the-straiiger-whenitdoGahappen, that ane : calls . in.. upon them—who live' fqnietlyan their.logiflrislab; lints, Smakinff juojiey in abundance, but who seldom oi never *isit, oi even wish -io see civilized iife such »s may be found in-the inetropelis Some maytlunk thai tlus is a little overdrawn, but I can assure them it is not, but only the general opinion here J Now that many of our woi thy friends in: metropolis during Easter I liny just he •allowed to mention a few buildings that ought to -ba.i-iisited'%y them before^ = turning -One of tlie fiiat places m point! Library, under the Same roof may be seen the Museum, Picture, -and Statue -Gallene whicli .aie T^ell wertli the - tuna. the visitor w 11-vspond -when once in ide~ Then %are ^lately been two beau ifoi: paintings added to the already kige cata:; loguo in tlie Piciuie Gallery, one i a le pre entation ot Mo es coming downsfrom- Mount Sinai with tli6 two table of the law unilei iw uim^ B fA, tlieotlieriS'ontitlod.'the""-Convalescent,"- .andi ^represents i•:•». child ' just. reoovermg from a severe illness.; cthe painting is ..wonderfully good and matnral and reflects no little credit on Austr«lia, as the -wife of one of our Australian aquatters is said to be the artiste. jBttt my time would fail me to enumerate tho beauties and wonders to be seen under that roof, I would merely pass on by saying, our country; .friends should not return.' without* first spending - a day at tho Public Library. Another -.place-•worthy -of your ®une and trouble;is the XJaSsnmiij Mueeum;. There can be seen (of -course preserved) abnost every amm»l-on»th« .earthk surface. • ?The, Royal Part is where another very pleasant afternoon-can -be spent -especially by the young, there can be seen many of the wild beasts from.tlie backwoods of America, Africa, India; etc:, besides almost all the birds and reptiles IU the colony. : . But amongst the wonders of Melbourne we . must not . forget the Young MOM'S : Christian: Association, wlucli is ono . of the most important mstitntions in Yictoria. \- Its aim and objeet being to present to young men a su&cient; mducement in the shape of literature, good society, and comfortable- room»; to prevent them seeking amusement where it very often leads to rum. . . Bearuig on its flag tue large letters Y.M.C.A., a beautiful building stands in Russell-street, con- .taimnjf lecture-hall, reading-room*, gymnasium, parlours, and library, to supply our yontiK friends with a plentiful •supply of comfort and. amusement. In connection with tha assoolatiou are lectures, debate-classes - and other meetings, in which all its members « e invited . to. take part—and on the . tables iin the - leading-room are to be seeu alinoat oyory 'lespoctable newspaper published in the colony Visitors fioin the country are made veiy welcome Tiy Mi W. G Blarsh, the .secietary. Oiie of Ins objects being to get young men .from the Country, and introduce them to .good society and comfortable rooms, before they have tnne to make acquaintances out-side the" association, and so help them in their course. Country visitors, young men especially, are heartily invited -to visit tho rooms when m town ; our Gippsland friends will do well to call there for on the table may be seen the Ckppsland Mercury, a present to the association by Mr Luke, of Sale. By-tlie- bye, I understand, Mr Marsh,, the secretary, purposes visitmg your pari of the world about the end of this month or the . beginning of next; If such ia the case you may expect a. treat, as Mr . Marsh is one of the leading evangelistic preachers of the city, and as a lecturer, he. is surpassed by few ; should he visit Gippsland he will doubtless deliver his; famous lecture on the "Rue, progress,. aud aim of the Youna Mca'a Ginstian Association"—which all would de well to hear. That would be a fine opportunity to start a Sale Y.M.C.A., it Mr Marsh has been instrumental in lafusleg new life to many: of the other association* he has visited throughout the colony, Tlitinday Morning. The death: of the Hon. Mr Fellows has spread a.pall of gloom over the community. He was an honest man, and to be honest as this world goes, says Shakspere, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand. The men that followed the remains of the judge to the • grave yesterday, felt that a jtroat publio loss had been sustained. .-...• Melbourne is m a great state of excitement-to-day. Gabs are running hither and thitker m esrery direction, picking op voters for Francis on the ene hand, and Sir Bryan O'Loghlea on the other. Both aides are sangoma of success, but none of us will know till " -tke numbers are up." All sorts of rumours are afloat about the vacant judgship. In Bertam quirteL'S it is giran out that: ihe vacancy will not be tilled up. The " law and order party " want it to be behaved that it Francis gets m for West Melbourne, the Baronet will be -rewarded . with the Agent-Generalship, and Michie with the vacancy on the banoh. Any cry seems to go dowji nowadays. Nous verrons. , The following tribute, and a very appi-opiiate one it is, to the memory of the Hon. Mr Follows, appears, m Punch :— ; IN MBMOMAM. (®OM, OUB. .3?B.iVEI,X,Ilf<5 CORKESEONDBE'r-); (FROM ANOTHER OORaiSrONBBNT.) 