THU WKATIIKII.-Foi- tlio Inst wonk HID min lins boon ni in Dst continuous, nnil tliu whole ilÍBtrict IB now thoroughly un tin nt ci]. Notwithstanding tho grunt amount of rain which lins fallen, howovar, wo aro glad to state that tho Clarouce up to tho time of our going to press was only Ü feet nhovo high lovel. Tho following tolograms were posted at tho local allico to- day : Tho ltocky, Nymboida, and Urara woro all bank high Inst night. At Tabulam, at !l p,m, tho river was low and not rising ; at S p.m. tho river had ceased to rise. THU Sni'iu Ciiuno.v Mummil CASK.-Tho two blackfellows, Larrigo mid Mickey, wero brought up yesterday charged with tho murder of Hilly, and further remanded until Wednesday. UI.MAIIIIA-KI.KCTION oj' MAYOII.-At a mooting of tho Ulmarra Council, hold on Saturday ovoning last, .Samuel Cohen, Uso., J.I*., was elected Mayor for tho municipal year. T ho first meeline of tho now Council, for tho election of committees win ho hold on Wed- nesday noxt at 4 p.m. I.NoiiKANK IN -run 1'iiicR or CHOWN LANIIS. -lt is understood that thc 1 lou. J." S. Farnoll, Minister for Lands, will, in excrciso of tho power vested in him, almost immediately increaso tho upset price of Crown lands to ho sold by auction to 5s., 10s., and cs high ns .Cl per nero, nccording to tho locality and value of thu land. CO.M.MKIIOJAI, BASK.-Mr. lt. King, accountant nt tho Conimorciul Dank, Murrurundi, has loft for Sydney, mid Mr. Morgan, from Singloton, has suc- ceeded him hore.-MinrttrtmiU Times. T'liK COLONIAL SUIIAU COJII'ANY.-Tho 7'uini and Country Journal gives a lino and comprehensivo engrav- ing of the now sugar rollnory of tho Colonial Company, nt Pyrmont near Sydney. Tho new works nro ccpial to ,100 tons weekly, and cnn ho worked up to u'OO tons. Tho machinorv, as dcsciibed by our contem- porary, is oí tho usual description UBCU in rollnorios. Tho vacuum pans holds a charge of 25 tons. Water of splendid qunlity has been obtaiuod by boring to a depth of -120 feet. All tho appliances scon very com- pleto, and likely to lend to still greater prosperity for a company which is a credit to Australia. They havo now tliroo central factories upon tho Chrenco, oaoh with a double- rollor mill, ami aro extending operations to the Tweed. Wc should Uko . to seo tho company como into Queensland. Their spirit and enterprise would ba most wolcauie. Tho company employ over 700 inen, and pay upwards of i'50,000 por annum in wages,-(IncensUttuler. FOOTPATHS.-At Inst tho corporation npponrs to have, opened their oyes to tho fact that somo parts of our principal footpaths rapüro repairing. At various different pinces men aro engaged in'repairing tho pave- ment and.pathways.-'livening A'CIM. [WO aro sorry wo cannot say thc snme of tho Grafton Council.) Ton QUKKNSLANOEII.-Wo aro happy to hear fur- ther testimony to thc cuterpriso of tho proprietors of tho Clitrtncltttitlcr in thoir oflorts not only to placo that journal ut tho hoad of Australian weakly periodicals, hut to pince it in such a position ns almost to defy compétition. Thu first of these objects thny attained long since, and the second they reached with tho first number of the new issue published a fortnight ago. Tho (liicciistitntlcr, as our readers aro awaro, lins been for somo timo cut and stitched ; now it has a hand some cover, and ns nu additional improvement tho leaves aro pasted instead of stitched, thus making it moro convenient to turu tho leaves over. Tho cover is really a very handsome adair, tho viguotto and centre illustrations being gouuinu works of art. Tho arrangement and quality of tho rending mutter aro in the highest degree excellent, while the general get up of this paper is equal to tho high priced English ma- gazines. Wu know of no wcokly paper, indeed, either in Australia or elsewhere, winch unites so ninny excellences, literary, artistic, and mechanical, undor ono cover. Tnt: CASK CHOP.-The prospects of tho coming season, nlthough it is rather prcmnturo to hazard nu authoritative opinion, ure vory bright. In nil parts of the district the late raius appear to have dono an ¡inmenso amount of good. At Ageston, whore there is something like loOacies under cane, tho rntoons are looking remarkably well, and tho samo may bo said of nearly ovory plantation in tho district. Tho stand-over cane, howuvcr, has suffered, to a small extent, on account of tho ditliuulty of working tho ground. Messis. Davy aiidGoodiugnro shifting thoir mill to the bank of the river and aro orocting addi- tional machinery. All these improvements arc to ho completed in timo for next crushing. At Koycn, larger rollers aro to be substituted, lo crush their own cane, they having nearly 300 acres planted.-Logan H'llncm, February il. Tun COST ol' Alioi.i.niiNit TOLLU.-Tho following ligures will show whnt has been thrown upon tho general revenue by the abolition of tolls on roads and at forties. Tho re venue from tolls on roads and bridges given up is £lô,()(IO a year; at four swing bridges, tho wages will bo .C800, yearly, altogether ; ferry dues to tho extent of £.'1000 a year havo been given up, and .t'ñOOO must bo spent ovory year, nevertheless, for wages to tho men who work tho punts. In addition, there is a loss of £S'Ji:i, as interest upon bridges whoro tollbars woro placed. Tho totnl is £'.'!.-',.'I ll), which though easily payable out of tho surplus, is really n payment out ot capital for Meeting purposes, For tho roveuuo, apart from tho land sold, is less than tho expenditure, mid any surrender of revenue, or iucrcaso of expenditure, must necessarily fall upon capital. l.MpiiiiTAXT ACTION UNHKII TUB LAN» ACT.-Whon tho case, i'obertson mid others v. Day, was called on, Mr. lintier rose and stated that tho action, which was one of trespass, that had rofe renco to tho :i I st elanso of tho Land Act, was settled by both' parties consenting to n verdict being recorded in favour of lilaintill', with 10s dnmiigos. Thu jury, by his Honor's direction, returned a verdict, hy consent, with -Ills damages for plaiutill'. lt was stated that a special enso had been prepared for tho consideration of tho full court. Tho plaintiffs aro Angus Robert- son, linnean Robertson, and David .Sherill' Iloliert sou, and thu iloiciiclnut is George Day. . I'laintiira Nlcolai'd that tho defendant entered his lands, situ lied »ii '.' Varrahoe Hun, parish of Howell, county .of Winn, ni.d kept possession thereof for a long tillie, erected building* mid fulleca thereon, mid do liiiHtureil sheer, cattle, mid horses thorcon. I'lnintiffs cuttle were driven ol)', mid tho run deteriorated. I'lnintiir claimed £."110. Tho trespasses wore com- mitted hu tween October 1, 1870", and tho commence- ment of this action in Soptcmhor last. Defendant pleaded that tho trespasses wcro committed within thc meaning of the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1SIII ami tho bauds Act Amendment Act nf 1S7Ô. The lands in disputo are on Yanko Creek, and it is pleaded that defendant, .lames Day, and ono Fran felder, conditionally purchased tho land. Defendant brought Illa into Court as sullicient to satisfy plaintiff's claim. iloi'siaioi.n l''uiiNrnjiiEANii KFPKCTK.-T. JIAWUKX directs attention to tho salo of Mrs. Manning's Furni- ture and Kll'ccts at her residence, Crcor's Cottages, Pound-street, To-Momiow, nt ll o'clock.-Anv. HlilsiiANB.-Of tho produco market wo have agaiu to roport tho tratlo supply of maizu below tho wants of the innrkot, and holdors aro now quoting from 7s up to 7s fid per bushel.-(iitemulaiitkr. . A XKW CAULK.-From advices to hand from America wc (Molhouruo Ago) understand that "a company lins actually buen formed nt San Francisco, under tho directorship of Mr. Leland Stamford, President of tho Central Pnoillo Company, for tho pur- pose of laying a submarino cabio between California and ilapnn, vin Honolulu, Sandwich Islands. It is cn)led thu Trnns-l'acltlc Cabio Company, mid the enpitnl stock is 10,000,000 do]." AitrarooiiAcv IN Dunno.-Dnlibo, though, ¡8 n strango'placo ¡ its good people hava high notious aristocracy is rampant, ! and in the closets of each worthy scion is to be found a copy of " Burko's l'oorago " for roforouco, lu cuso of dispute, as to whether any of their forefathers woro bullock drivers or-ceri sap.-Cor. Coonamble Independent SlONS OK TUB TlMKS IN VlCTOItlA.-The signs of tho times (obsorvos tho Argua) thickon. Tho banks havo agreed to iuercaso the rates of discount hy 1 por cont. Thcso rates accordingly aro for hills not exceed- ing !>5 days 8 per cunt., oxcooding (io days 0 por cent. Tho minimum interest on overdrafts is 10 per cent. Wc also learn that one af our lending timber mer- chants, having hean compollcd to circumscribe Iiis oporatioiis in consucpiouco of a docroaso of £1000 per month in his business, and having in consequence dismissed somo men, the latter woro immediately secured by a Sydney contractor, and aro to lenvo tho colony. A ¿usn TiiAiiBov.-SnoeiciNo DKATHS or TIIIIKIÎ MKS.-A gcutlouum who hos just nrrivod in Mel- bourne from tho back country between tho Murrum- bidgee and tho Lower Darling rotates tho following account of tho wretched end of three men :-Thoy lind hoon drinking for somo days at n publie houso on tho Darling, and started last Friday ttirco weeks to go out to an out-station. They took with them six bottles of brandy, and ono of water, tho weathor being fonrfnlly hot, tho glass standing nt 1'21 deg. in tho slindo. After travolling 17 miles, two of tho men lny down on tho rand, being nimbia to proceed nny further, mid thu third ona went on for tho purpose of obtaining water mid returning to his mates. Ila was met by n boun- dary rider on tho liatundy station, who had a water- bag with him, containing a small quantity of water, which tho inn» drank, and ho took tho bag with him to fill it nt a tank, and return to where he had left thu others. Ho does not appear to havo thought tlioy wera in any iinmediatodanger, asho did not request tho boundary rider to go to their rescue, but trrdortook to do so himself on foot. Nothing moro was heard or seen of him until tho following day when au ovorscer connected with flail Gall station found tho dead hodios of tho thrco mon at tho placo where tho two had knocked up. lt is presuma! that tho mau who wont in Bullioh of wutor fulled to obtain any, mid that ho returned to aco after Iii» mates, found thom dead and thou died hesido them, lt is supposed that dur- ing thoir walk of seventeen miles thounfortuimtsincn drank so much brandy that they died from the ellcets of it, togcthor with tho.extremo heat. A fow days after tho above shnokiiig occurrence, a person riding from Gall Gall to Till Till found a limn crawling on his hands and knees in tho bush. As is usual with men who got lost, ho had thrown away all his clothes and when found was porfcutly linked and dolirious. Ho was taken to tho nearest house, and on recovering his sensos, stated that ho had boon ont for four days ami nights without food or wator. "Tim Lou.vx WITNESS,"-Tho drat inunbor of a now journal published nt Beenleigh, under tho nbovo heading, is to limul, and is highly creditable to thc printers, Messrs, Watts and rowell. Tho original articles uro well written, and tho local paragraphs and rending matter excellent. Of tho bogan district, tho editor wi ¡tes :-" The producing industries of tho dis- trict aro threo distinct OHOB, viz., tho pastoral, sugar growing mid crushing, mid thc cultivation of cereals. This lnttor is fast giving way to Biignr growing, Ton years ago cultivation on tho Logan mid Albert rivers was tho exception, standing scrub was tho rulo, To- day all this is rovorsed-nearly tho whole of tho banks of tho Albort and Logan rivers being nedor crop, and scrub is tho exception. To euc who has resided for that timo in tho district, thc advances mada aro highly gratifying. Whereas nt Hint timo clearings of only a fow chains wido could ba seen, now from several van- tage grounds tho oyo cnn rest upon nbovo a mile of sugar cano nt a stretch. At that timo there were no nulls ¡ now thoro nro twolvo. Although wo miss somo friendly pioneer fnces from our midst who porsovercd enoi'goticnlly in tho days whon frost waa a bugbear, and had to contend with low prices and tho now almost forgotten rust, wo rojoico with those who havo brought tho district np to its present position, fully believing that by a continued display of their untiring industry, enterprise, and porsoveranco of their varied industries, that tho district lins a glorious future before it." TUB 1'ii'B or I'AIIKES.-Hamlot spenks of tracing tho dust of Alexander until you lind it stopping a hoer barrel. Mr. Joseph lioso, of King-street, to- bacconist, lias traced tho lineaments nf that fnr-famod Australian statcsmnii, Sir Honry Parkes, until they form a capital pipo. Alas ! that that profound look of wisdom which awed tho Assembly, that leonine appearance which caricatures so well, mid that seduc- tivo smilo which beguiles tho electors of Canterbury, end nt last in meerschaum I People cnn now smoko birds-cya out of tho hon. gentleman's hat, they eau light a Uro of nogrohcad in his (lowing locks, they can put the statesman's "hat and cont and hymnbook, too," in their coat pockets, and novar n word of com- plaint will bc utter. Only recently Sir Henry resignedly said that his public lifo was over ; his pub- j lie immortality has begun, and burnt saeriliecs »my bo oll'ercd up tn bia manca. In abort, Mr. Jin.su sonic time ngo obtained a good photograph (thora ia not a bad ono) of tito hon. gentleman mid sont it to Vienna, where Homo excellent meerschaum pipes have boon made ; some with tho head and othurs with a full length portrait of Sir Ilonry, hoing tho shape of thc bowl. Tho likenesses aro oxeollont, mid, ponding tho execution of a marbia bust for tho Legislative Assembly, ono nf these pipes with tho stem Knocked oil' would bu a useful /acion lemma. - Echo. A GHOST STOIIV.-Tho Moama correspondent of tho Meel ine llcrnlil solids tho following particulars of a ghostly sensation near tho border town:-"About ten miles from Moama, on tho cast sido of the line, stands n dummy house. This house has boen occu- pied by a party of 'dam-sinkers and bark-ringers. These men aver that about a fortnight ago they woro disturbed by knockings on tho iron roof, and that up- on getting up they snw tho llgiiro of a woman, when ono among their number put tho question, ' What do you want, Missus?' to which the llguro replied that she had been murdered near that spot, ami that tho hones of herself and iufaHt would ho found towards tho ond of tho hut, whore tlioy wero placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, tho bushranger. Ono of the party, who possessed tho whip, ninko a strike at thu tiguro, which did not move. Tho following day thu nows spread, and thc next night a largo party assem- bled when thc apparition again ninde its appearance, mid tho whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw tho figuro of n woiunii, and untiling cnn induce them to think otherwise. Last night a de- tachment of tho Moama police, nuder tho command of sergeant Vaughan, went out to seo if thorn was anything to be seen, and thoro is no doubt if any per- son lind ¡icon ' playing larks ' ho would have received a little cold lead. Upon tho return nf ono of tho noli co this morning I ascertained that whilo in tho hoiiso last night a terrille noise wns mndo on thu roof like tho sound of a heavy hnnuner, whereupon tho party rushed out of tho houso but could seo nothing. Tho noise wns repented several times, and ninny of tho party, amongst whom were mon Biipposeil to bo pos- sessed nf courage, seemed very glad on thc approach of tho groy dawn. Tho mystory, howover, remains the smile, and another party is to bo organised, who, together with tho poliee, intend to go out again to try and clear up tho mystery. Tho mon who wero living in tho hut have left it to tho ghost, and gone mid camped near n dam. It scams raiunrknbla that thirty men should becimio alarmed, and positively aver that thoro is something in it," As EujUKSTitiAN* KKAT. - " His Kxccllcncy Mr Weld" (remarks thu Hobart Town Mercury of January ?'!(>) " long siuVo uhtuined n uaniu for the ninny hours that ho cnn spend in tho saddle, mid during Ins return from the north-west const ho accomplished a font which few men would enro to undertake. Ilnviug to return hurriedly to Hobart Town, his Kvcolloucy started at d' n.m. on Monday morning last, and by midnight he hud ridden nearly 100 miles. Itu spent two hours mid n half nt Kimi liny, and two hours nt Latrobe, and was thus thirteen nuil n half hours in the .saddle." I'BlllMTIllA.V 't'o.VTBST foil ilOO-AHIIlB. -Tho Now" cnstlo I'JIot reports that on Saturday afternoon a match which had provoked un little proviens local in torest took pince botweon M'Aulilfo and l''yll'o, on tho Hamilton Hoad, thu distance hoing lol) yards, mid the stakes £200. Tho timo for starting lind been set down for '!..'!0, but it wns about li o'clock before tho men got away, and by that timo a largo concourse ot spectators -probably about ,1000-had gathered. Although FyHo was gcnornlly hold tho favourite, in coming to tho scratch his appearance contrasted unfavourably with that of M 'AulifTo, for ho looked very pale, and showed signs of nervousness. A fair start wns oll'eotod hut M'AulllFo took tho lond from tho Drat, mid won onslly by tinco or four yards. Timo, luj seconds. Some inonoy changed hands as a matter of uonrse, bul thoro was loss bottingon tho event than might hnve been oxpected, taking tho considerable numbur of specta- tors into account. M'Aulilfu lind boon trained by Dave Dunlop, mid Fyffe by Jonathan Henderson. 