FLYING SKETCHES. By our ' Special.' campbelltown. No traveller in search of the beauties of Australian scenery should miss an overland journey to Wollongong, and he cannot very well carry out his intention without halting at the wayside town under notice. Half a century ago this township was established, if not a trifle more, and forming, as it thep did, virtually a convict depot, it need hardly be said thai in these present days much of its earlier history and associations are just as well forgotten. Old stone buildings, in which every stone is carefully cut and faced, And fVift #»TW»tinn nf \rh1VV1 in vol rod on omnuvit ---* lakAn* ! which would be ruinous to the party who attempted such work in these days, bring up reminiscences by no pneans pleasant, and even the old mouldering gravestones j which are scattered About the Campbelltown cemeteries are silent mementos of a pa6t age, o£ which the colony has little to be proud of. The scenejy.. about Campbelltown is remarkable, for its individuality. ? 'The abrupt undulation of the country, and the fertility, of the soil, even oil the highest ridges, 'are peculiar to the locality. Were the naked postandrailfences supplanted by flowering hedge-rows, the place would be essentially English, and; remind the English; traveller very much of the country about the West Riding of Yorkshire. Unfortunately art has done nothing for the landscape if it has hot done its best to ruin its romantic aspect, and there is a woebegone and forlorn appearance about' the town&ip; which on a wet day one would imagine is exceedingly depressing to the inhabitants. It is not until, the ranges, ! of which Mount Tjilead forms one of the highest peaks, are ascended that the grand panorama etretchipg aa fw as the eye can reach, embracing all the cottntrv about Appin, Camden, the&ce; towards Woliongong on the east, and the Blue Mountains on the west, is opened up, and one of the finest views in the colony delights the visitor. Seeing that with a telescope the old windmill, a relic of the earlier part of the present century, is visible for nearly seventy milefi, some idea may be given of the scope of country eflibraiSed in the view from this point. Judging from thfe beauty of the scene it seems odd that the explorer had not termed it Mount ' Pisgah,' instead of Mount Gilead,' especially as scriptural knowledge was, as a rule, more developed half | a century ago than at present. I A hasty glance at the architectural points of interest about I Campbelltown will fix the gaze, in the first instance, upon what the visitor will most likely take to be a museum, on the top of a neighoeuring hill. This is the Roman Catholic Church, and as a stretch of one's legs is rather a relief , after nearly two hours' sitting in a railway carriage, let us pay this stately pile a visit. There is a church-yard about this place which, if things go on as at present, will be soen con verted into a dense scrub. There is a terribly steep hill to climb up to reach this 6acred edifice, and as every grave stone bears the inscription, ' Gloria in Excelsis,' one feels rather disposed to adopt the motto with joy at having reached the top of the hill — seeing that for a day we have been mentally ejaculating 'ExcelBior.' I sit down for want of breatb, and facing me is a stone whose inscription opens up a wide field for reflection. It runs as fol lows:— 'To the memory of Ellen Thurston, wife of John Thurston. ?' What she was the day of J udg-ment will reveal ; Reader what art thouF Requiescat in pace It is verv clear that I am not the wife of John Thurston, though the question seems mysteriously asked. Treating the matter as a subtle conundrum, and merely wishing that, if the lady's tomb is to be beautified with shrubs, those of the spinosa character might be avoided, I stumble along over broken stones and other impediments, and finally fetch up at the foot of the monument of John Ruse. Here the sculptor and the poet of well nigh half a century ago come to the front. Shales of Chantrey and Croly ! what is all this? To the memory of John 'Ruse who departed this life Sepr. 5 in 'he year of Houre Lord 1837 Natef of Cornwell and arived in thi - coloney in the forst fleet Aged 7 7 My mother rereared me Tenderley With me she tuck much paines And when 1 arived in this coelney I sowd the forst grain And now with my hevnly father I Hope for ever to remain. Th's epitaph has been previously referred to by sundry colonial' Harveys who have ' meditated among these par ticular tombs.' I do not care about the term ' forst fleet,' even if it was correctly spelt ; so I leave the the tomb of 'John Ruse, though I looked carefully about for a memento to carry away of him, and would have been glad of a stray bone. There was, however, nothing. I climbed up the side of the old church wall out of curiosity, to look inside through a broken pane of glass, and this sacrilegious act met with its reward by my being confronted, as I grazed my shins in getting down, by an old man— Campbelltown is full of old men— who very properly asked me what I was doing there? Being assured that I had no designs upon the priest's vestments or the sacramental wine, he-became communicative. He said he had lived there forty years, and was. generally speaking, so intensely stupid— at which I was not at all surprised— that I got but little out of him. Now when I left Sydney for Campbelltown a literary friend particularly advised me to get the history of ' Fisher's ghost,' and I forgot all about it when I met this old man, but from what I heard afterwards it is not unlikelv that he was 11 Fisher's ghost.' Campbelltown is strong in ghosts. There is one which takes the form of a dark-eyed young lady— whose particular eyes ! Well ! No matter !— who may be heard abont Until 4 o'clock in the morning, and who is described as wearing a ' cloud' over her head, and glancing through the meshes to the per turbation of those who come under her gaze. She has a sort of Alexandra limp, and is recognised by wearing, scarlet stockings and slippers to match: - 1 was told that she smoked, but the old man could give me no information on this score. I don't believe it. Old folk lore is in the ascendant in Campbelltown, and all sorts of ' superstitions are afloat. I cannot spare space to enumerate half of what I heard, but here is one of the batch. It seems that the Eastwood hounds occasionally, meet in this quiet neigh bourhood, and no sooner is ' the horn of the hunter heard on the hill .' than (he veritable Kathleen Mavourneen, or her shade, appears mounted for the chase. The old man at the cemetery stuck hard and fast to this, and described the lady as being dressed in black, with riding pants and all the points of the bewitching Irish huntress. When he came to develop upon ihe eyes and the charming ' touch of the brogue ' he lost his head, and I left him to grovel amongst the tombs, The old English Church is a remarkable edifice. If one could speak ef it in stud phraseology I should describe it as 'bv5t Jame§' Church out of Dr. Lang's Church Sn the hill'.' It is the ugliest piece of church architecture I ever saw, even in this colony. There are 6ome very old tombstones in this yard, but it is very difficult to decipher the inscrip tions. Amongst others I found one erected in September, 1S29, to the memory of Daniel M 'Lucas, who died at the advanced age of 84. One inscription, upon the tombstone of Daniel Lloyd, who died in the same year at the age of 57, had a sad tinge of melancholy at out it : ' How loved, how valued once, avails thee not— To whom related, or by whom begot ; I A heap of dust alone remains of thee — 'Tis all thou art, and all the proud shall be.' If such an epitaph was really inscribed at the dictation of the tenant of this humble grave in his lifetime, it speaks mournfully of a broken spirit and an injured pride. One can imagine what th6 surroundings of this spot were half a Century ago, atld its uttbr isolation from the outside world. The perturbed spirit which Once animated the bones that lie beneath this rude stone has long since passed away, and if these lines speak the truth of him over whom they are written, they are indeed sad memorials of a career blasted and ruined, 'and of a memory which the very tenant of the grave would, if he could, only desire to wither. To moralise upon what these old men would think of Campbelltown, if they could rise from their sepulchres and look around them, may be very satisfactory to the writer but uncommonly boring to the reader. My own impression is that they would— bar the railway— find Campbelltown very much as it was fifty years ago, except, perhaps, not quite so lively. Such examples of the pro gress of science as the railway and telegraph exhibit might surprise them, but I do not know whether these old men, I who no doubt in the sporting days of their youth, when fox hunting did flourish in England, took an interest therein, would not have been equally astonished, though in quite a different direction, at the meet of the Eastwood hounds, and the display the hunters made in the way of cos tume and horseflesh. A Sydney friend of mine had trucked his horse to the station at some considerable expense, and was rewarded by a run after a dingo lasting about a quarter of an hour, when the latter escaped and the hunters went to lunch. I saw a man leading the dingo with a string round its neck a day or two after, and dispatching it to head quarters for another hunt. It seemed to me that the string was superfluous as it would have followed the man without. I should like to interview 'Fisher's ghost' anent this matter. Although, like the Scotch Elder who sat under a long winded ' tneenister,' one is apt to get ' unco wearv ' of Campbelltown, in a short time; it is worth a visit. I mean to give it another, if for no other object than ' to meet the ghOStS.' 