The opponents of the Government are ridiculing the "despatches which were re ceived ft? -the last mail from the 'Secretary of State for the Colonies, "hnd stating that: ' they do not bear oat the forecast which was given sof toBir Cot tents last -Tuesday morn ing. .It ia contended that there is nothing in thee're|4ies which, throwAeny-freehJght pn the crisis, or that jnstiSes the condact of the Government towards the Coimqlj but a very littie ' reflection, we ' think, will ; show the efaenrdity of this foolish- etate- ment. The despatch from Doivjiuig Street idated 20 th Decemberepeaks tmmpet- tonghed in favor of- the stand which the Ministry have a8somed, jand jost as etrongly against the obetinacy which theConndl is showing towa«8h"ii« And ' its rpport. ' Tfia despatch :8eale with the subject of payinent of members, and the condnding paragraji reads as follows : — m In tbese drcrimstancee i.e. the signing, of a message by 'the Governor being a formal act)-I am of opiDkm.that it will he yonr dn not to refnae to follow, the advice, of yonr Mimsters, jahbnld tbe Estimates for theaeryireoftlwCiHniMyeafcMftalnan item fto" providefbr thepayS fbSexpebabs' of members of tbe Ijegialainire." Now the significance gf tbis gtMgraph ought to hp . iapparent to every;iM«erver. Is it at -feasible to fupporej-Eul Carnarvon ' would (harti?rahpi,'d&se; -to ..Sir toy departnre from consbtational practice in placing a earn of money for payment of members on the Estimates? By no means. In that case he would bave informed his Excellency that the coarse be bad pnrsned was wrong, and warned him not to fall into the same mistake again. He wonld have told Sir George Bo wen that fay this step the Governor was depriving theUpperHonse of the power to discuss the vote on its merits, and thos allying himself, as a partisan, with the Ministry to coerce the action of that Chamber. But instead of doing anything of the eort-instepd of complaining tha|: the Coventor had departed from, the strictly neutral role which the Crown expects him to play in ail his dealings with the two Houses — Earl Carnarvon' endorses the step which the Governor took with this vote, and regards it in so common-place a light as to render anything like special treatment quite gratuitous and unnecessary. The complaiDt of the Council is that by this vote being placed in the Appropriation Bill, that House has been denied the opportunity of reviewing it as a matter of public policy. Beiog aBked to pass the vote without demur, or without discussion, a direct assault is made upon its rights and privileges, to the great dam age of oneof the fundamental prin ciples of government by two Houses. Bat is it at all likely that the Secretary of State would sanction any such violent proceeding on the part of tbe Governor towards tbe Council? Woold he not, supposing a case of ihe kind had arisen, have .deprecated the act of toe-Ministry, and coudemned.toe conduct of -Sir George Bo wen? Would be nbt bave written that the .act, of the .Gqvejrnor in feigning theAnesaage was a direct, attack - Upon the privileges of toe'TJpper Honto, and toerefore a proceeding whkto he conld not approve ? It seems to us there can be only one answer made to these questions, and that is, thatif Eari CARNARVON saw-' anything of toe kind alleged by the Council, ;any departure from constitutional practice, in placing this vote on the Estimates,. he would have been the first to have told theGo- vernor that be had done wrong, and warned him against Falling into a like error in the future. It must be evident to every mind, not biassed by political prejudice, that Earl Carnarvon could see no matter of public policy about this vote, and therefore could find so ground to complain of the maimer in which it was presented to the. Legislature for its approval. It must, also be quite as evident that Earl carnarvon re garded : toe vote ae. a matter which the Legislative Assembly had -the. sole right to- determine, and toat toerefdre toe Council had no right to fake, -objection to any manner in which It might he in troduced. And this view of toe.cato is oon-.i firmed by toe fact that Eari Carnarvon wrote his despatch after be was -apprised of the memorable deputation. ;Irqgn toe' Council to the Governor before (he vote was .tabled, and had "also been told the objection which had faeen- raised to the mode in which that Chamber" believed the Ministiy. intended to lay it be- fore Parliament to obtain its eancrion.. '- To asseri tfaeh, that tois document throws no light upon, toe . dispute 'iretweeji the - two HouseB is certainly a very jocular and cavalier way to treat a serions question. It is im possible to see anything else in this minute from Earl carnarvon than a direct snnb to toe Council for toe position it has taken up against both toe Governor and toe Ministiy over toe presentment of this vote, and a distinct acknowledgment that the Council has done nothing but blunder through the whole affair by its senseless and unjustifiable opposition- This, at all events, is the only interpretation this document will bear, or there is no significance to be attached to the ipsissima verba of Downing Street despatches. AFTER coquetting in arid ont of Parliament for the last six months, Mr BIRD has at last gone straight over to toe Opposition. The atmosphere of the Ministerial side was too hot for faia temperament, and he has now derided to occupy a cooler place to the left of the Speaker. . Every member has a perfect right to sit where, and vote how, he likeB in Parliament, always providing he sobmite to one condition, and that is, in the seat he has taken, or the votes he records, he has the sympathy of Ms constitn- eDte. Failing this, then is toe member a pariah in toe House, and a trai tor to the electors. Now, ganged by this standard, how does Mr BIRD stand before the public at this moment? Need we cay in toe worst of lights, and as a renegade of the first water. When he stood for Grenville, in conjunction with Mr Davies, against Mr Lock and Mr Clarke, it was against Sir james M'Cullock and in the interests of toe stone- wall party. He did not enter toe House as a free and independent member. He did not go into Parliament altogether to nse hie own dis cretion. He went into the House as a thorough-paced partisan. In faiB address to toe electors, published in The Courier of the 28th February, 1877, these words occur: — "If returned to Parliament, I pledge my hearty support to toe pre sent Opposition, believing 'toe Adminis tration now in power to be ruinous to the best interests of our country." The Opposition was led by Mr Bebby ; aud toe leading spirits were ail identical with toe present Government. Mr Bird pledged himself to support both, or there was no coherence and no force in his ad dress to the electors of Greoville. How, then, can he justify his recent conduct? How can be explain away such an extraor dinary case of tergiversation as he repre sents ? It cannot be that tbe policy of the Government la too thorough for Mr bird, tor what is goiBg on now. is mere child's play in comparison with what occurred dur ing toe stone-wall era. It cannot be that toe Ministry have changed, for their policy b toe same nowas it was then. It cannot bethat his constituents think differently, foujthere is no falling-off in Liberal instincts in .the electoral district of Grenville:' Is it too much, then, to eay that ;Mr .BIRD has crossed the floor of the House because his views were never in accord t with 'those of his -constituents, : and -because Ms published address, and all heeaid to toe electors before he was elected, were neither .more' nor less than miserable - delusions ?. There is no other deduction, that we can see, to draw from toe -figure he cut on Tuesday night, or, on the broad ground of charitable feel ing, we" would only be too glad to draw it. Be Blands before toe -public as a confessed political tarocoat ; as ja man who-bas turned; Mb . back upon Ml he said, and «alt he ' promised, to hb constituents; and there are no' words in the English language' harsh' enough to describe such dbgraceful conduct. Tbe Liberal cause and the berry Ministry will suffer.nfltMng by audi a piece, of political tergiversation — an instance of flagrant apostasy, without parallel, we believe, all things considered, in' thh .or iany. other community. But we shall be much sur prised if toe electofu of Grenville do; pot 'make 'them sel ves hgjird against such a marvellous piece ;of,ump-jim-Crpgi-ism In political- life, and Bach a downright wanton insult to the people. .The electors, of Grenville are thrownjovBrboard by one of tbe men toey . treated ;.tomr power in toe: jStete Js nrabraUred y of one of L timfrrepreBenti&vea;," tod toey are mdanr of losing that reputation for adherence to toe liberal cause which they acquired on toe lllb of May, by toe assistance they afforded to defeat the Mcrll0ch faction and raise Mr Berry to power. They are bound to make themselves beard against .these affronts, and, In some way, to punish -llr BIRD far the -acaiidnltms recreamy of which he b guilty. It is frselj stated, in Ballarat .that wfrea the caucus of members of the Legislative Council was held to deride on the sending to Downing Street a duplicate of tbe message to be presented to the Governor, asking the Secretary of State not to - sanction the signing of warrants frv payment of money, by.the Governor, nntil the Council basbeen heard in reply to Mr Berry's urinate, only £7 could be raised by those present to pay for the telegram. It was therefore resolved to have the account debited to the Government. A sad accident happened yesterday at the Winter's Freehold mine, by which John M'Lean, one sf the captains of tbe morning shift, lost his life. It would appear that two men, one of them James Watkyn, were working in a drive where the earth was loose aDd robHy, and where face- boards were required. They were engaged patting in a set of timber, when Mloan came along, and wae in tbe act of making some little improvement in the mode of doing the work, when the gronnd gave way, completely burying M'Lean and partially covering Watkyn. The alsrm was given, and soon willing hands were at work, and in three-quarters of an hoar Watkyn was freed from bis perilous position, hurt somewhat, but not dangerously. In another hour the body of poor M'Lean was reached, life bring extinct. The deceased was a married man, without family, bad been long connected with the mine, and was mnch respected by ins fellow-workmen. A magisterial enquiry was held later in the-day by Mr F. . M. Claxton, when eridepce in support of the Jabove- circumstances was given, and also .medical evidence by Dr Badeliffe, that death had been caused by suffocation. The jury brought in A. verdict in acroidamx wifo tii facts. ,£ ' " ; \- The HBaUuat East branch of the ; jfatioiial Beform 'League are -active in the .Liberal -cause. They ere arranging a-inass meeting to he held at tile Eastern' Town Hall for Messrs James and Brophy to address tbeDailarat East electors. Sir Bryan O'Loghlen and fife David Gannsdn are also' to be invited. ; , , . A meeting will be. held at Barsy's Beef next Saturday opening .to consider the political crisis. The meeting trill be addressed by the -hOn.the Minister, of Education, Mr Finriiam, MXJA., and Mr Cameron, MX.A.' Tbe County Court for February 'waa. held yes terday before his honor Judge Rogers, and the whole of the list disposed of, . A report appears in. another column. ' Some excitement has been caused during the last few evenings, about dusk, by the appearance of a real live ghost in Sebastqpol street east. It appears that an eccentric eld lady, living in the locality, perambulates around in the gloaming with a white sbeet around her person, and tbe result is a congregation each evening ol an excited crowd of; jgdnths; who mate" right hideous" in their attempts to scare thrighost. .The. quiet inhabitants pf -the neighborbood, however, object to ttus eeusa- tion, and 'are, we- undemte detoiniDed'torid thematdves of Ike ghost or hpr followers te soon as possible," ' Mt -Lyons, lof Skipfob street, bad a narrow escapeifrom a serious accident last evening while riding in his buggy, at the intersection of Arm strong and Eyre streets. In swerving round the corner, he was leaning over the vehicle .to speak with a person passing, when be lost his balance and fell heavily to the ground. Fortunately, Mr Lyons fell <4fJW of tiie .wheels, of the vehicle, and conseqnehtly escaped with a slight shaking.' ' ' Ri$hard J. L. Jenkins,' late railway .atation- master at Fdain was diatged . 'at the Geriong poliee conrt, yesterday, with mnbezzling £40, tin property of- the Government, -and committed for 'The rain of Tuesday 'appears to have been very general throughout the colony, and will no doubt do a vast amount of .good. According to the Herald, 2-66 inches have fallen in Melbourne, 2-78 at Portland, - 1-90 at Sandhurst, 1-30 at Cape Otway, 1-81 at Geelong, 1-25 at Alexandra, 0-90 at Albury, and 1-00 at Deniliquin. It will be aeen in another column that a tremendous flood has oc curred at Sydney, 7 83 inches of rain having fallen. There has also been rain at Dnbbo, Mount Victoria, Young, Waggs, Goulburn, Qoeanbeyan, Cooma, and indeed nearly all over toe Australian colonies. Ballarat seems, in fact, according to our exchanges, to be tbe only spot on tbe continen that has escaped this welcome downpour. A Mrs M'Cabe, of Wills street, was very nearly meeting with trouble yesterday, by her conduct in the County Court during the hearing of a case in reference to a disputed hue of boundary of land, in which ehe was plaintiff. The matter had been settled at the previous County Court sittings, and yesterday, on an application for a new trial, she frequently interrupted liia Honor, until ordered from court. On making her exit, however, after the application had been refused, toe muttered something to the effect that the defendant, Whit- Tick, should not get an inch of toe land ; and, but for his Honor's forbearance, wonld possibly have been committed for contempt. The following brief extract from a letter written by a gentleman who once selected land in Victoria, but whs is now resident in Glasgbw, may prove interesting at the present time : — " I do not think I hate any man, or body of men, not even a Vic torian squatter, but I do bate their selfish and un scrupulous policy, and so I rejoice at Mr Berry's success. I hope Liberalism, tinged with protec tion — mind I say tinged, jnst tinged, with protec tion — will flonri>-h ; tbe first.always, and tbe last for a time in Victoria." Tbe committee of tbe ComuB Club met last night at tbe Pavilion, to make urrangernc-nts for the pro duction of Mr C. A. Sberard's new extravaganza, entitled " Zuleika, the Pirate Queen." . P.ortioijs of the manuscript were read, and toepiecegives promise of affording toe club an opportnnity-of presenting to the public a highly entertaining performance. It was decided that ." Zuleika " should be first produced on Easter Monday next, in aid of one of our local charities. An excellent cast has been pared, and the choruses are many,, and will be effectively rendered. The dresses and stage ap pointments will be on an extensive scale. A re hearsal will take place at tbe Pavilion next Friday evening. A bazaar for tbe sale of articles of vertu, made of wood brought from tbe Holy Land, was opened yesterday in toe Theatre Royal, by a Hindoo. Tbe articles for Bale, wbicb were examined with great enriosity by many people, consist of brace lets, carved boxes, pincushions, &cl.; and rosary beads, said to be made from wood cut on tbe Mount of Olives. In addition to these, toe bazaar .comprises articles of jewellery of' fanciful devices and very fine workinanship, and altogether will well repay inspection. Yesterday was the last day for receiving nomina tions for the vacancies in tbe Mining Board, tbe following being those lodged : — Ballarat, central division — William Jones and Thomas Richards. Buninyoog — William Graham and Edward Uren. Creswick— WiHiam L. Jones (elected.) Black wood—James Barkis, E. G. Magnus, and H. N ayfor. A magnificent branch from a jargonelle pear-tree was shown to us yesterday. The tree is growing in Ballarat ; and so rich was toe branch with fruit, that Mr Roberts has taken a photograph of it, under instructions from Dr Nicholson. \- A very pleasant reunion took place last night at Wilson'aBucic'a Head hotel, when Mr B.J. Nicholls, manager of the LondoD Chartered Bank, Clunes, was entertained at a banquet, previous to his de parture from Ballarat. About twenty gentle men sat down to an excellent dinner, provided by Host Wilson ;. Mr J. Long occupying the' chair, and Mr Anderson toe vice-chair. Apologies were received frtwn a number of gentlemen for un avoidable absence. After dinner, the customary loyal toasts were drunk, and Mr Long then pre sented the address, 'which- in brief expressed the wish - of those present to -'tender eome token of the regard and esteem in which they held their guest, expressing regret at his'temovai and satisfaction in the fact that the removal was a promotion, advantages us to Mr Nicholls' pros pects. The address, which bss been admirably executed by Mr N. Laneley, also stated that Mr Nicholls -had always been court ejus aud Obliging in his dealings with everybody, and concluded by hoping that every happi ness and prosperity wonld ' attend himself, his wife, and family. . Mr Scott then pro posed Mr Nicholls' health, to which that gentle man replied in a feeling manner. A large number pf .other toasts were drunk during toe evening, Messrs Lake and Robertson giving their services as vocalists. ' The evening was brought to a dose with the National Anthem, and tbe company departed after wishing good-bye to Mr Nicholls, who will take bis departure for Clunes this morn ing. The monthly meeting of tbe Ballarat Horticnl- . tnral Society was held in the Mechanics' Institute last evening; Mr A. Anderson m the chair. Present — Messrs Laidlnw, .Ross, Newman, Nicholls, Cadden, jKngeler, Rattray, Hogan, Reid, Herbert, Wood, LfingdhJ, Add Campbell. It teas resolved to ad journ the meeting to Friday evening next, to maka arrangements for the coming autumn ahbw, and Other matters connected therewith: Exhibits: — Exhibited by R: U. NicboIls and Co. — Out blooms : —New- pdargonipip (Gaptattt _ Raike. dquble), new geranium (Komg oAlberij, rivy -leaved), hova carnosa variegate, ifluuaolegtnii, campanula cally- cantba (secc'od time of blooming), iilium anratnm (fine), hibiscus lambertiana (bloomed in tbe cool greenhouse — veiy fine); highly commended. Exhibited by D. Laidlaw — Magnolia grandiflora, neritun odoratnm albnm, statice ditozonii, bon vardia tripbylla, sclowii, bignona'capensis, tecama jasminoides, virgila capensis, six varieties doable zonate pelargonium; six varieties single ornate pelargonium, six varieties Terbena show, six varieties verbena striped — a nice collection. - .Exhibited by J. Boss, Hospital— Squirting cucumber; agreat cariosity. G. Longley, Botanic Gardens — Ylonr seedling gloxinias; very good. Mr Cadden — Maiden's blush plum ; extra fine. A. Y. Brewster — Eighteen varieties French marigold; commended. James Brewster— Erytoinus criatagaffi, do csmdenfi. erica mimosa (very good), ball una vulgaris (Scotch heather), nerma variegate, justitia odoiate, ahiaanthos retusna, jfrmirera (a fine variety) ; highly commended.' - . Tbe meeting of toe executive committee of tbe licensed Victuallers' Association, which was to have been held yesterday afternoon, st Craig's hotel, was adjourned until this afternoon, at half- past three, when a foil attendance is expected. We have received a copy of Mr Irwin's rafiway time-table for toe month of February. At the usual fortnightly meeting of the members of the Ballarat Art Academy last evening, Mr L. E. Brunn read a very interesting paper on " The Fine Arte," an epitome of which will be found in another column. The first of a serieB of evangelistic services, in connection with the Presbytery -of Ballarat, was held last night in St. John's Church, when in teresting and impressive addresses were delivered by the Revs. W. T. Whan and E. Gray. The Rev. Mr Ingtie presided, and conducted tbe devo tional exercises. A similar meeting is to be held to- night in St. Andrew's Church, toe Rev. Mr Henderson presiding, when addresses will be given by the Revs. T. Hastieand E. Gray. At a special meeting pf toe Loyal Standard Lodge of toe A.L0.03V, held on Tuesday last, Dr Dimock was appointed medical officer for the ensuing. ta-aj, and Mr E. Towl chemist. The office at- S-W. sraa allotted to Br E. Morffew L i Warden, Br G. -Gates ; and 0;G_ Br. A. Burdoe.' " Five new' members -were initiated, and the following members Attended from the Phoenix Lodge, viz., P.G4 Br H. Dabberiin, and L.M. Br F. G. Davie, who said he would give the first degrep on Toeedqy next. By an inadvertence, toe name of Air Alexander Fraser was omitted in our notice of tiie annual meeting of St. John's- congregation ; Mr Fraser being included in the votes of thsnkz given, he having been specially active in connection with tiie .Sunday school Mr Robert Brown and be were also thanked for their services as auditors. We have received a copy of Messrs Gordon and Gotch'e '1 Australian Hand-book for 1878.". It is handsomely get hp, and several new features have been introduced into it over and above the voluminous and varied intelligence which previous issues contained. The information has been corrected, and brought down to the latest date; and altogether (he latest edition of this hand-book will be found both useful and interesting. The. No- S branch of tbe Hibernian- Society will meet this evening at eight o'clock. " iA temperance entertainment, consisting of songs, dialogues, recitations, readings, and addressee.win be given in the Wedeyan school, Lin toil, next Fri day evening, commencing at half-post sevetuT.The admission will be free. Mr H. Smith, of Bridge street, is the successful tenderer for supplying refreshments and frdit at the Australian J uveniie Industrial Exhibition, 'and Mr B. Davis for confectionery. , In reply to "Subscriber," the date when tbe measure referred to came into operation was 1871.. The receipts on the Victorian railways for the week wbicb ended on the 31st January were £23,586 16s 4d. Hie sum received in the corre sponding period of last year waa £24,572 lis lOd. ! Several letters are held over unfil to-morrow. 'Mr Balfonr seems to have played a hoax on the Legislative Council on Tuesday. During a dis cussion, he said he thought he could see a way 'to put an end to the dead-lock. A general silence (says the Age ) followed this announcement,'and everyone became anxious to bear what remedy for existing complications the political sagacity of the ' bon. gentleman had been able to devise. Unhap pily, however, tbe hope so suddenly kindled was doomed to speedy disappointment, and hon. mem bers looked more disgusted than amused when they found that Mr Balfour's panacea was a hope, expressed in solemn tones, that the Assembly would withdraw tbe Appropriation Bill. The law and order party (?) are making des perate efforts (remarks the Geelong Advertiser ) to improve their waning prospects. There were several agents about Geelong on Tuesday, canvass ing for members for an association designed, as tbey pat it, to look after the interests of the con stitution. When the Assembly (says the Age ) on Tuesday one or two changes were observable in tiie posi tions occupied by members of tbe Honse. Mr Service threw off all pretensions of friendship towards the Government, and took a seat in the Opposition side of the House. Air Service asid, when in his old corner some time ago, that he was educating his party. The party that followed him across the floor of the House consisted of two individuals, Messrs Bird and John. Duffy. This cannot be regarded as a loss, for Mr Bird has always spoken and voted against the Government whenever be had an opportnnity, though be sat behind them. Mr J. G. Duffy has simply deserted tbe party to which be was supposed to be firmly attached. These losses, more apparent than real, were abundantly -compensated for by the accession of Sir Bryan O'Lolghlen and Air J. Dwyer, who took their seats on the Government benches. For the satisfaction of those who have it firmly fixed in their minds that Sir Bryan O'Loghlen is to be Attorney-General, we Herald have un questionable authority for stating that there is no immediate intention of making any dm age in the legal department of toe Cabinet. : A great number of persons, whose services have been dispensed with In the Law Department police magistrates aud others, are claiming the compen sation money to which they are entitled, thereby indicating (adds the Age) that they regard their connection with the service as at an end. The Opposition members of tbe Legislative Assembly met (says the Argus ) on Tuesday, after the adjournment of tbe House, to consider the position of public affairs. A discussion took place of a discursive character. No resolutions were proposed, but it was found that the bon. gentlemen were eenerally agreed in their views of toe situa tion, and that they would be able henceforth to act as a whole. A melancholy suicide (says the Age) occurred on the I9th January on board toe barqne Halton Castle, which arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday, from Burrard's Inlet. On the date mentioned, about ten p.m., an ap prentice named Lewis Davies, aged about nineteen, went out on the bowsprit as far as toe martingale, and deliberately shot himself with a revolver. On the sound of the shot bring beard, a boat was immediately lowered, and the ship put aback ; but, notwithstanding a search of two hours, nothing was agsin seen of the unfor tunate youth. On searching the cabin of toe de ceased, a small carcridge case was found, which was identified by toe enptain of the vessel as his property. The captain then went to his desk. 6od found that a revolver had been abstracted. It is supposed that Davies mast have taken tbe weapon during the captain's absence on deck. Tbe de ceased is stated to hare shown strong sypmtoms of mental aberration some time previous to joining the vessel, and it is supposed that a return of the malady was the cause of toe rash act he per petrated. : It was recently represented to the Minister of Railways that the inhabitants of Hamilton were suffering from the want < f a supply of water for domestic pmposes, and Mr Woods immediately took 6tcps to hare water trains run from Beaufort. The welcome fall of rain has obviated the neces sity for any immediate rtiRittng of water (rains, but the Minister had not forgotten tbe subject. aDd he took the opportunity (says the Age) of making a practical suggestion to a deputation from Hamil ton which waited on him on Tuesday in 'reference to other local matters. Il>> pointed out the advis ability of havinz a tsr.k sunk which wonl l hold about 30.000 gallons of water. Two trains wonld fill this, <and "thus in an emergency, such ss had been experienced lately, they would have n supply Of water for domestic purposes, and, if needed, the department could keep that supply good without any lengthened detention, of rolling stent. The deputation expressed their approval of tbe sugges tion, and toe mayor promised to bring it promi nently under the notice of tbe conncil. 