PUBLICATIONS RECEIVED. Thrown upon the world as five shillings' worth of literature, ' The Australian Ladies' Annual ' does not promise to be a very profitable specu lation. Curiosity to see. the result; of such an unusual — in fact, in this country, an unprecedented enterprise, and a liberal patronage by friends of the writers, may enable Mr. F. B. C. Hopkins of Perri coota, New South Wales, to come out of the affair on the tight side of the ledger. Mr. Hopkins, we are told, is a squatter's over seer with literary proclivities, and alternates between the bush— where he rounds up andbrands and otherwise superintends the rearing ef cattle for the market — and Melbourne, wnere he dabbles in dramatic authorship and literature generally. He is the author of the version of ' The Wandering Jew' played here by Mr. Alfred Damoier under the title of *' AH for Gold,' for refusing to admire which we incurred the furious wrath of Mr. Dampier and his agent. It would be carious to know how the idea of starting a Ladies' Annual originated with Mr. Hopkins; by what process of cerebration it occurred to him to open the flowery fields of literature to budding authoresses and aspiring penwomen. The idea is by no means bad, and, properly carried out, the public of these colonies would be Mr. Hopkins's debtor for it. But exception may justly be taken to many of the contributions — to some that their literary ** merits' do not warrant their publica tion, and to others that they had better have not been written on the score of morality. Thus « Tasma' — who does not by any means realize the bright promise held out in her first ad mirable tale in Mr. Garnet Walch's book — says herself of her weird wire-strung; story 'The Rubria Ghost, ' What a shocking moral ! Here was a woman who had done worse than many a courtezan of ancient Borne — selling under cover of the Church, instead of fairly and openly — her virgin beauty for gold. It was a shameless sale. And when she sickened of her bargain : she would have made matters worse by flying from one sin to another.' The ' Bubria Ghost? tells how a girl marries an old squatter for money, ' sickens of her bargain,' is continually crying, ' How long,O, Lord ! how long?' (sic)— and after repeatedly meeting a lover, who haunts the station as a ghost, is released by death from the old man. The conclusion of the tale tells how JSmily and the ghost marry, and are now '* in the spring-time of their de- i light.' 'Tasma,' however, would evolve a moral out of this happy termination to a very shady, and, apart from any moral consideration, shamelessly unfair transaction, by calling on. i her readers to join with -her in the -hope that ' ',he will beat her.' There may be such women as Emily, and doubtless are, bat it is surely not for an Australian lady in the initial contribution to an 'Australian Ladies' Annual ' to introduce them with a flourish of trumpets to Australian ladies, some of whom may possibly be unac quainted with this type of woman. ' As a speci men of the nonsense which might fairly have been treated 'with the utmost rigor of the ?waste- paper basket' is '* Bird-dom' by ' Sylvia,' as the following lines will chow: — 'She shook her head, alas ! alas ! Affairs have come to a sad pass, I scarce know how 'twas brought about ; Though sorely feel the ill result.' Mr. Hopkins — doubtless with the kind inten tion of allowing the ladies to shine by com parison with the only male appearing in con nection with the 'Annual' — writes decidedly theworstof it,i.e. the preface. He seems haunted by an idea that the world will start up and ve hemently deny that the 'Annual 'could possibly have been, written by ladies, and grandiloquently exclaims ' If any one doubts the authenticity of the 'literary' matter, I can only say that such a person doubts my word.' The italics are hisown. Mr. Hopkins need have no fear of the world refusing to believe in the authenticity of some of the contributions unless it decline to believe that women could write anything so bad, and deem such rubbish a libel on the fair sex. He goes on to say he always .held that the leading object of writing at all should be to give others pleasure — an idea scarcely applicable to all kinds of writing — criticism of Ladies' Annuals to wit. There are some things in the book worthy of perusal — notably *' The Islander,' by a South Australian lady, who will regret to see her unpretending but excellent poem in. such company. The binding and general get-up of the work are very creditable to the printers, Messrs. McCarron, Bird, & Co., Melbourne. The copy we have received was sent by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son. The author, Mr. Albert Bichardson, of Mel bourne, who is a well-known and talented musician, has sent us a treatise on ' The Art of Sjoging.' Mr. Bichardson, while recognising the number of works which have appeared from time to time upon this subject, contends that his manual supplies a want because it contains a quantity of valuable information of a prac tical character that must be of great service to the student, and We unhesitatingly eadorse this statement. His aim has been to describe the different processes which are employed in the formation, development, and cultivation of the voice, and to indicate in what consists the art of singing. Begarding the old Italian school as the fountain-head of all vocal art, he has availed himself of all the information that the most distinguished masters have left behind them — such as Porpora, Bomani, Tosi? Andrea Costa, Crivelli, Fauseron, Basse, Bassini, Garcia, Ferrari. Nava, &c.; He has also relied upon information personally acquired during a lengthened period of study under two of the most celebrated European masters. In Porpora's day the philosophy of the voice always formed an integral part of a singer's education, hence vocalists of that period inva riably retained their powers with undiminished brilliancy throughout a long career, and con stant practice and ripened experience enabled them to reach a higher pitch of perfection than vocalists of the present day, whose powers are early impaired through want of care and a proper knowledge of the structure of the vocal organs. Mr. Bichardson contends that the main objects of study should embrace a knowledge of the structure and capabilities of the voice, the formation and development of tone, preservation of the voice, and the art of singing. In bis work there are chapters on the apparatus of the voice ; classification of voices ; on' styles ; quali fications necessary for successful singing; on tone ; power ; control of the breath ; on compass or formation of registers; on timbres; equalis ing the vocal scale; on expression, musical and facial; on gesture and articulation; on ornamentation and changes; on diet, exercise, and other matters of importance to those who would excel- in the art; of singing. The author has also collated and classified very interesting particulars as to the range, power, and quality of the voices of the most celebrated singers from the earliest period to the present day. On the whole the work will recommend itself to the class for which it is written, and should be read by all who are concerned in the formation, develop ment, and cultivation of the voice. The book has been well printed by Mr, Geo. Bobertson, the publisher. We have received through Mr. J. E. Brown, Conservator of Forests, a letter addressed by Mr. W. Browc, of the 'Ontario School of Agri culture, to the Hon. S. C. Wood, Commissioner of Agriculture for Ontario, on ' Ganadiau Beef for Britain.' The writer discusses with ability the question of supplying beef to the United Kingdom from Canada, and gives naany excel lent hints as to the best means of raising fat cattle. Canada enjoyB at present a great ad vantage over us in having but a comparatively short distance to cover in exporting her surplus meat to England, hut it is not improbable that before very long some process may be invented of keeping beef in good order for a long time, so as to enable the producers of Australia to compete with America. An ' Official Becord,' giving full aud infce ' resting particulars of that ambitious but suc cessful project, the Australian Juvenile Indus trial Exhibition at Ballarat, has been published by authority of the Executive Committee. The originator of this novelty in industrial exposi tions, Mr. B. D. Bannister, must be congratulated on the satisfactory issue to which he succeeded in bringing Ms project. There can be little' doubt as to the benefits which must accrue from giving a stimulus to juvenile industry and in gennity by means of competitive exhibitions, and it is to be hoped that the example set at . Ballarat will not be lost sight of. The official record of the exposition held in that town is well worth perusal Mr. George Bobertson has sent us a useful little work entitled ''' The Analysis of Sentences, for the use of schools and students,' by Thomas Nove, master of the public school at Willunga. The writer, who dedicates his book to Mr. L. G. Madley, Principal of the Training School, as a mark of esteem, does not claim originality for the work, but states that his object has been to produce ?' a work on analysis in such a form as to enable every child to procure it.' He has also ' endeavored to lay down correct principles and details sufficiently elaborate to enable the student to qualify himself for the most strin gent examination in analysis.' The book is clearly and intelligently written, and will no doubt prove of considerable U8e. The examples of analysis are well chosen, and the method of ?explanation appears to be excellent. A sermon on ' The Witch of Endor and Modern Spiritualism,' preached by the Bev. William P. Pearce, M.A., in St. Paul's, Melbourne, has been published at the request of 'an influential member' of the congregation of Christchurch, South Tarra, before whom it was originally de livered, although not exactly in the present form. The rev. gentleman deals with the Witch of Endor story as related in the first book of Samuel, and the claims of modern spiritualists to the power under cerbain con ditions of evoking 'spirits from the vasty deep? The leaders of the sew quasi-religious movement do not pretend that this p6wer is by any means -of recent origin, but rely on the records of spiritual phenomena in every age as proofs of the possibility of intercourse between the inhabitants of this world and disembodied spirits. The Witch of Eador they state was simply a 'medium.' Mr. Pearce argues from the Biblical record that there is nothing to -how that- Samuel ever appeared at all, and adopting Dr. Carpenter's theory of ' dominant ideas,' he views it as not improbable that the terrible prophecy of approaching doom to the King of Israel and his house may have been merely a curious psychological impression in Saul's mind— a -case, in short, of a coming event casting its shadow before. The rev. gen tleman sees nothing ia the story to lend any countenance to the theories of Spiritualism, and he denounces tUfe attempt to penetrate the un known fatnre as impious and unprofitable. ?— —- ?? ' ???'?^ ' ? There is not much in the sermon that is con* ? elusive for or against the new movement. ? ♦ ? The usual monthly meeting of the Ade laide Philosophical Society was held at the South Australian Institute on Tuesday evening1, December 3. Professor Tate presided. The Chairman gave a very interesting account of what was in his opinion the origin of the salt- ,± water lakes in the interior of the colony. He 'ij said it was generally thought that the cause of « the saline nature of the water was due tr- the salt left in the earth, but he was of opinion that it was attributable to the concentration of tbe salt in ordinary water caused by rapid evaporation and the natural action of the water. This theory was strengthened by the result of bis observations at the excava- ? tions far the North Adelaide Beservoir. He described the geological structure, and stated that salt water had been found at a depth of 2j£ feet, whence it mast have filtered from the sur face. He also exhibited the head and shoulders .of a fossil fish which had been, found ia the: Murray Cliffs at the North- West Bend. The scales, head, and gome of the fins were distinctly^ marked so as to enable the identification of the- * ? fossil with a kind of Beryx or sea perch, re sembling a schnapper, and altogether distinct from the Murray, cod. The specimen tbe Pro fessor stated must be regarded as a great; curiosity. Tflr. C. A. Wilson read a letter from bis sewhew {the Bev. C. T. 'Wilson), a mis sionary connected with the Central African Mission urider the auspices of the Church of England. The letter was of a very interesting . character and was principally descriptive of the country and people in the neighborhood of Lake Victoria-Nyanza. 'The work of the Mission was spoken of, as well as the sad fate which befel several members of the Mission some time^ ago. The writer related many perilous adven tures which had occurred to. him and the experiences and observations of his travels ronnd * this immense lake. The country was described as being fertile and tlie rainfall as very Con siderable. The climate was mild considering the position of the place so near the Equator^. ^ the heat seldom exceeding 90 degrees fc the' ? '4r shade. The various races and tribes inhabiting' J the districts contiguous to the lake, with theijg de- \ structive character, probable origin, mannera, customs, and religion were all fully dealt with. ^v Particulars relating to the botanical and animal 7 life of the several localities were supplied, and other useful information was also given. The Hon. B. T. Finniss read a very able paper oa ' The Philosophy of Consciousness.' He dealt with the subject in its various phases, endeavor ing to show tfaat consciousness was due to physical conditions, and that its origin wa* traceable from the lowest order of animal* through a gradual development to perfection in man. Votes of thanks were accorded to the gentlemen for their papers, and it was resolved, on the motion of Mr. T. Harry, to postpone the discussion on the Hon. Mr. Finniss's paper till [ the next meeting of the Society. ,' On Friday evening, November 28, Mr. S» Higgs, F.G.S., read a valuable paper at the \ Chamber of Manufactures oa 'Mines and : Mining.' Mr. S. Davenport, J.P., President of, j the Chamber, occupied the chair. Gold, the ' lecturer observed, was found in nearly all the . V alluvial deposits of Victoria, New South Wales, ] and New Zealand. Silver and lead were blended, together more closely than the Siamese twins. With the exception of iron copper was the ... . most universally distributed ore. Copper; -' j* mining was extensively followed in Egypt,-an4 :/r copper loads existed along tbe sea coass. of that __.-' country. In 1482 B.C. Cadmus brought cof^jaTT into Greece and worked capper mines inThracev The mineral was also mentioned by Homer, Hesiod, and other old Greeks. The, name Cyprus was merely the Latin name for copper,, and the island of Cyprus was so called because there were numerous deposits of eopper in it. Vast deposits of copper were found near Lake Superior, in America, about the year 1669. Bat: the copper ore there had never been known to undergo any change in structure. ' In some of the old workings, in America stone hammers ^ and charcoal had been discovered. Copper lodes- - ?' usually bore north-west by south-east. When the lode came out of the top rocks it ceased to bear native mineral. The lodes varied from &? mere seam to 10 or 12 feet in thickness. Copper deposits were found in the forms of mass, ^ barrels, and stamp works, so called, as the de- '^ posits required to be placed in barrels for trans port or under stampers. These latter con stituted the largest portion of copper ore veins. Mr. Higgs also described at length some of the more important mineral -workings o£ North and South America ; 40,000 or 50,000 tons fine copper per year had been the output of the Chilian mines for a considerable'time. The proprietors of 'other mines cleared for years one million pounds per 'gnnnm . As these mines increased in deptn there was a falling of! in their richness. Even with aa improved state of the copper market the production of tbe Chilian mines would not attain that of 1869, when a climax was reached. In 1786 a vast deposi^of ore was found near AInwick, in Anglesea, from which in the fol lowing year four men obtained 3,000 tons of ore with only 92 tons of waste. Many of the copper mines of Spain were really sulphur mines, from which, however, every part of sulphur, iron, and copper was conserved. In 170ft copper was first systematically worked in Cornwall, and in 1726 the first; copper sale was held, which realised £30,C00. The workings of several of the Cor nish mines had been continued for miles under the sea, and in some instances the lode had been, followed to within a few feet of the sea bittom. Mr. Higgs gave an interesting account of th& various fluctuations in the price of copper from early in the eighteenth century to the present time. At the conclusion of the paper Mr. Higgs exhibited copies of the working plans of several well-known mines in this colony, which, he ex plained at length. Numerous specimens of ei» were laid upon the table, and attracted a good deal of interest. A cordial vote of thanks to tbe lecturer for his valuable and exhaustive paper brought the proceedings to a conclusion. A New. Mineeai White. — Dr. T. L. Phipson, in a paper read at the Academy of Science in- ^ Paris, after referring to a number of experi- [ ' xnents carried on for some years past in his laboratory with silicates of zinc, magnesia, lime» and other white compounds, with the view of ? giving to these substances the qualities of white lead, by submitting them to a great variety of mechanical treatment calculated to induce molecular contraction, alludes to the ingenious researches of Mr. T. Griffiths, of the Liverpool Silicate Paint Company, with sulphide of zinc, which appears to be the only substance hitherto discovered that can possibly supersede carbo nate of lead as a white pigment. The prepara tion and properties of this new white pigment axe described in detail and its composition dis cussed. After some tea years of laborious and costly experiments, Mr. Griffiths has succeeded in, producing a new mineral white by the aid of sulphide of zinc, which entirely eclipses white lead and the old zinc white (oxide of zinc), by having much more ' body' or covering power, and more permanent qualities than either of these, and, moreover, not being of a poisonous nature . like white lead, does not affect the health of the workmen who manufacture it or of. those who use it. The white sulphide of zinc is precipitated, washed, collected, calciaed, levi gated, and dried, the product being, in the author's opinion, the most perfect white pig* ment hitherto obtained. After speaking in complimentary terms of the success which has thus crowned the persevering efforts of Mr. Griffiths in carrying out these experiments, the result of which has been the possibility of manufacturing this remarkable substance* upon a very extensive scale, the paper con- A, eludes by stating that the problem which *^ the author had in view — that of producing a mineral white which should supersede white lead, by being non-poisonous, less costly, more r durable, and of better color — has been com- * pletely solved in these experiments, for nothing can posBibly surpass in these respects the new white obtained by Mr. Griffiths, unless it be some one of the silicates or earths above re ferred to, which the author's lengthened experi ments prove to be impossible.— IheMiniiuf Journal, August 31. . 