AUSTIRATIAN .OCIKEY CLUB SPBIRING MEETING. (From the S. He. Ierald.) FPr?sT (DErsei) DiY, AUasvrT 81. TiE derby day of 1878, whichl commences tlhe spring meeting of the Australian Jockey Club, has passed and gonce. The morning broke with a cloudy skiy, and the forenoon ratller increased than otherwise thie tokens of unfavorable wcealther; but early in tie afternoon tihe sun buIrst out with full lustre, and rendered the day's sport as enjoyable as atmosplieric anld sunny influencces could nmakelo it. Altogethler the afternoon was a ver" enjoyablo one, if there was only one Ihorse "in " the Derby. Mr. Herald, the clerk of the corsise had ecverything in excellent order, and not a hitch occurred on tsle running ground, and IMr. H. Payten was successful in the starts he made. The following is a detailed account of the racing: The Hurdle ace.--A hanudicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, 2 forfeit, with 100 sovs. added. 21 miles. Ir. oh Mackene's c. hs. ICle Solicitor, 5 years, 10 st. 41b. (Sir. Ceyto) ......1 I. . iobert's b. or br.. Petoer Simple (late J.F.), a5'ed, iet.9lb. (leifnoy) ot. . . w. n. CotLis's b.gc Jpinter, oced, Set. 7ib. (Pic iard)eh.. .... 5 Ion, Beacon, Poverty, and Stranger also astarted. Betting: 7 to . v. Peter Simple, 5 to 2 v. Ion, 3 to 1 v. Solicitor, 5 to 1 v. any other. The favourite was quickelst on his legs, but as soon as they settled down Beacon went to the front and led over the first hurdle, followed by Peter Simple, Solicitor, aid Poverty, Stranger, and Jupiter following; and, Stranger hitting the top rail very hard, Clampney hlad an opportunilty of dis playing a fuine piece of hlorsemanship by thie way in wlich hlie stuck to him. Ion went upl at the tan turn, and hlie ansd Deacon cleared thIe hnrdle near Coutts' together, Peter Simple cominig next, attended by Stra'nger, who again hit very hard, and Ilockini agaillnst Solicitor niearly brought him to grief. Bileacon then began to draw away and led along the far side of the course by about half-a-dozen lengths Peter Simnple and Ion next, and a couple of lengths in front of Solicitor, Poverty, and Jnpitar, who were rumlingi in single file. After -topping the lhill, Ion and Peter Simple joined Beacon, and the trio went at the fourthll jumpl together, but Ion, swervisg, jumped thIe rail as well as thile lhurdle, and, hitting it lbadly, cut limself so severely in the stiple that Corrigan pulled him up. Olne dlangerous opponent being thus disposed of, the favorite begain to force the pace, eand just led BeaconI over thie hurdle in front of the stanld, Solicitor flive lenUgths away, and three lengthsa in front of Poverty and Stranger; Jupiter last and in watiing. When passinlg Cutts', Deacon compousdel d, and quicklly founll his way to the rear, whlile Peter Simple carried on the running to tihe back of the course, Solicitor, Poverty, and Jupiter following, with Stranger and DBeacon hlope lessly out of it. Solicitor was steadied as they ap proached tile trainers' stand, and Peter Simple, l'Poverty, andl Jupiter raced round tihe bind togethcl. Peter Simple was the first to land over thie last hurdle, with Jupiter and Poverty in close attenedance, lbunt Solicitor was comsing very fast, and lMr. Coyle, setting down on himi a lhuudred ySards from the post, hlie outpaed his hlorses i the run heome, anld won a well-ridden race comfortably at the end by three leengths from Peter Simple, whoi beait Jupiter for a secosst place. Poverty was ai lengtlh from Jupiter, and Stranger annd Beacon were beaten a long way. Tiime, 5 miniutes 11 seconds. Thle Trial Stakes.-A sweepstakles of 5 sovs. each, 2 forfeit, with 100 added. 1 mnile. ir, . v. il. niset's ch.e. Jaspcr, 3 years, 7 . Slb. (Pigoltl). .... .. .. iiJohn isyao's rse. HIislealndcr, Sye r.s, 7st. 2lb . T. Isory'a br.h Aldovr, 4 yearsc, 8st. lltb. (Nic holson) .. . . . .. II .Alury and Propriety also started. Betting: 5 to I v. Highlanider, 2 to 1 r. Propriety, 5 ro 2 v. Jasper, 5 to 1 bar thlree. They were dispatchlled to a very good stirt, High lauder, Albury, and P'roprietly getting off in order, withll Jasper last. Withl the view of cutting idown his ichl, Highlaundr led past the stand and on to Cutts' turn, where lie lehad a commond of a coulple of lengths. Albury lying second, a length in front of Jaspeor, withl Andover next, folloawed by Propriety, who had Ilbeen pulled backi last. Jasper and Albury svcrs on terms at thIe opposite side of the courso, and had reduced Higshlander's advantage ton leIngth, Andover was four lengthlls offl, while Propriety Iihad been completely iullcd out of the race, and mi sc. balttling with Harper fully tlwenty lengths frsom MIr. Ivory's horse. Higihlander got a little further away wcell gaoing tiilhe hiill, and wheni passing thi sheds was nearly two lengths clear of his three opponents, who were racing on terms. Albery was thie first to get into dillicultics, and Highlander turned into tihe straight with Jasper hard on him, while Pro priety, giveni her lhead at last, was rapidly makling np her lost grounmd. Jasper came witl- such a de termined rush at the distance that Pickelrinig was com. pelled to draw lhis whip, but thle chestrlut was not to be denied, and, finishing right gallantly, fairly wore the faivourite down anid "oi cleverly by a long lengthl. Propriety, whlo camena home from the half mile 1fost at a great paice, was only beaten by a head by Aidover, and the pair finisihed within thire rlengtls of Highlanduer; Albury last, four leingtlhs a\ay. Time, 2 minutes 1et seconds. Thle Derb.--k sweepstakes of 30 sova. each, 10 frfeit. 1 ) mile. it- . I s 'lestle'. 1,.c. II i tordshis , y Til e 'Il .arqie-i--. isseese 3 yedse<5, 5ts 10i.me (Jleei.lerrsiles) .. 5 E. lciadors'ss Ie. or br.e. W? dl (an, by 1larbatieu- acu tvl year.,, iamt. l 0 b. (Gl-o'sy .. .. a Betting: Any odds on His Lordship, 10 to 1 achcl v. Vulc ao and Woodlawn. Mr. Do Mlstro having declared to win with His Lordslhip, the starter lost no time in sending the trio away on terms. Wooedlawn was thie .st to begin, but soon gave place to Volcan, who led past the stand by two lengtlhs, the same distance divid ing Woodlawn and His Lordship. Finding the pace miserably slow, Mlorrison took tile favourito to the front before reaching the back of thie course, Vulcan four lengths away, followed at an interval of fiva lengths by Woodlawn. Thie latter made his rnn at tihe home turn, and Vulcan also improving his pace, the pair got closer to His Lordship, but the latter drew away withlout an effort, and the stable comsaniions cane home at a pace little better than s canter, with a length and a half between them, Woodlawn being three lengths behind the blacki colt. Time, 2 minutes 55 seconds. The Spring Stalres.-A sweepstlakes of 10 sove. cachl, 2 forfeit, with 100 sovs. added. 1) mile. tion. James Whits'i b. Chcester, I years, 8st.101b. (J. l.tesni ol).. .... ...... Sir. S. J. SOiitrlueir lie.h. Woodlande, 4vreer, 8Ot. 10 T. Iey 5tl .. e aroni, 6 years, Ost. 31b. (Pigsti)c.... ..0 Duke of Linoo and Ncrissa also started. B3etting: Even v. Chester, 2 to 1 v. Woodlands, 3 to 1 cach v. Dulke of Liner and Macaroni, 0 to 1 v. Norissa. A grand start sent them away, Nerissa, Dukelo of Linie, and Chester getting off in order; and Dske of Linnc, pulling hard, led up the straight and past the stand by three lengths, Nerissa lying second about double that distance in front of Chester, who was attended by Woodlands; facaroni playing tihe part of whlipper-in. After crossing the gate tnrn Nerissa ramn lp to Duke of Linue, and whlen passing Cuotts' the pair were on terms, whlile MIacaroni went on third, a lengthl in front of Chester, withl Wood. lands in waiting. Nerissa was at the front at the seven furlonigs post, and, going well within herself, showed the way along the far side of the course, Duke of Liniie, Macaroni, Chester, and WVoodlacnds trailing along in Indian file, withl about two lengtlhs Ibetween eachl. Chester ran into second place at the hill, and wheni passing the sheds the lot closed up, save Woodlands, who wa two lenigths away, andl tihe pace becamone very severe. Wihn lhalf way round thel bend Duke of Linue and Nerissa had run themselves out, and they retired, while IMacaroni appearcedl at the front as they made for the Denison turn. Just as they entered thie straight Ghoster made his effort, and, settling the pretensions of Macaroni, took sip thle comnmand. A few strides further oni Woodlanids put in his claim, and, answering Colloy's wcll-tinmed call very gamely, challenged Chester, but the great gun shook him off, and, going as strong as a lion, won with plenty in hand by thlree-quarters of a length. Macaroni, beinig eased off wvhen all chance of winning was gone, finished third a dozen lengths from Woodlands, Nerissa was fourth, four lengtlhs from s iMacaroni, and three lengths fromn the Victorian filly came Dakeo of Linne. Time, 2 min. "43- sees. Tile Epsom Hlandicap.-A handicap sweepstakes of 10 seeovs. eachl, 2 forfeit, with 100 seovs. added. For three-year-olds and upwards; second horse 20 sovs. frosi the prize; a winner of any handicap after the declaration of the weighlts to carry 7 lbs. extra; weights on or before the 20th August. 1 mile. Mr. J. S. Sme l'? b.ln. Visoount * years, 7Ist. 81b. (IVilis) . ."" . . Ifon. JSnor 'iiin' b.n. Riodee, 8 ye~n, 8st. 21b. (Niholonl).. ........ OIr. R. Sovior's br.h. e.T., aged, 8it. ic.l (aspind') .. 3 Betting: 4 to 1 v. Chlieftain, 5 to 1 v. Jack, 6 to I eachl v. Kitty, Viscount, and Vampire; 8 to 1 each v Theomr and Ioedee. Get Back having broken away a couple of times, the flag was lowered to an indifferent start, Chief tain jmnping away iu front, attended by Jack and Kitty, after whom Boodeo, Vampire, and Viscount sliowed most prominently. Makhing the best use of Iis good fortune tihe favourite dashed away at a great pace, and led Jack n length dlong thie back of thie course, Kitty next, two lengths off, and three lengths in advance of Vampire and Rondee, who were on terms, tile othlers pretty well together, with Priam and Get Back makling the last joints of the tail. Trying to cut each other downe , the two leaders raced up the hill and on to thie half-mile post, when the pace began to tell a tale, and Vam pire, Kitty, Roodee, and Viscount, who were clear of the others, were seen to be creeping up. Three fur longs from hime thIe lot closed, and as Chieftain and Jackl were lost in the crowd, Vampire was seen at the froit, but the little follow was in sad trouble, for Kitty was at his girths and worrying him with great determination, whiloe iooden, having headed Jack and Chieftain, began to look very dangerous, and, with Viscount at hIis quarter, showed a very bold front. At thie distance the leaders were in such a cluster that it was impossible to tell which had the best of it, but, as they neared the post, Visconut and noodee forged ahead, and the former beat the brother to Chester hiy thie shortest of heads after a desperate race. Scarcely half a length away, in the centre of thie course, Vampiro and Kitty ran a great race for the vacant place, which was secured by a head by thie sot of Thie Barb, though tihe judge failed to re cord tie fact. The four mentioned were succeeded by Chmeftain, Jack, Priam, and A. T., but several were inot ridden out. Time, 1 minuto i44 seconds. 