' i<. liJL A)Pbetty fancyilrfone of the pretty fancies of French people is to make colours ".the expression of sentiment. They hold -that violet is analogous to friendship, blue lo love, as suggested by blue eyes and azure sky. A bunch of violets would therefore tell a lady's suitor that friendship is all he has a right to expect. Yellow is paternity or maternity ; it is the yellow rays of the spectrum which canse the germ to shoot. Bed figures ambition ; indigo, the spirit of rivalry ; green, the love of change, fickleness ; black, favouritism ; white, unity, university. In addition to the seven primitive colours, grey indicates power ; brown, prudery ; pink, modesty; silver grey (semi-white), feeble love ; lilac (semi- violet), feeble friendship ; pink, false shame. Shearing Sheeb. — According to an inter esting paper by Professor Freitag, of Halle, it is only sinoe the sixteenth century that the practice of shearing sheep has been followed in Germany. Previously to that date the wool was separated by simply plucking it out — a process which was found to be greatly facilitated by penning up the sheep closely, and keeping them without food for a few days before the operation. This system still obtains in some northern European countries ; and the Professor had an opportunity of personally witnessing it during his late travels in certain parts of Norway and Sweden, and in Iceland and several other islands. In these regions the short-tailed sheep (ouis borealis), whioh, like other wild mountain races, changes its hair yearly, is the variety chiefly kept ; and the fleece is plucked off in June, after its bearer has been submitted to a few days' starvation. The ordinary breeds of sheep met with in moBt other countries do not change their coat, as has been clearly demonstrated by exhaustive experiments. They have been left unshorn for four, seven, and even eleven years without any fresh growth being ob served, although the original coat continued to increase by simple prolongation of the individual hairs. The rate of growth is fastest daring the first three; years of the sheep's life, after which time it decreases gradually and considerably. In domesticated sheep the growth each year is most luxuriant immediately after the shearing in June or July ; while in the wild breeds, as might be expected, it is most marked in winter time, when the severity of the weather demands additional proteotion. In 1876, wolves in theBus3ian province of Samara, devoured 5S80 horses and horned cattle, 56,000 small cattle, 22,000 domestic fowls, and more than 1000 dogs. In 1S77 their ravages were even greater. An American suggests the construction of projeotiles on the principle of the boomerang for reaching an enemy behind earthworks or embankments. The usual way of surmount ing obstacles oh this sort is to make the balls ricochet or bounce over the parapet after first striking the ground. New Use tor Lemon Verbena. — The well known fragrant garden favonrite the sweet-scented or lemon verbena Lippia citriodora,) seems to have other qualities to recommend it than ' those of the fragrance for which it is usually cultivated. The author of a recent work, entitled " Among the Spanish people," describes it as being systematically gathered in Spain, where it is regarded as a fine stomachic and cordial. It is nsed either in the form of a decoction, sweetened, or five or six leaves are put into a teacup, and hot tea poured upon them. The author says that the flavour of the tea thus prepared " is simply delicious, and no one who has drunk his Pekoe with it will ever again drink it without a sprig of lemon verbena." And he further states that if this be used one need "never suffer from flatu lence, never be made nervous orold-maidisb, never have oholera, diarrhea, or loss of appetite." A Great Eel Preserve. — An American paper says " On the farm of James N. "Wells, in the Town of Kiverhead, is the greatest eel preserve ever seen inland. The pond covers five acres. Two years ago Mr. Wells put into the pond 2000 dozen eels, with no intention of disturbing them for five years. They have increased wonderfully, millions being in the pond, and it is thought that there will be quad rillions before Mr. Wells gets ready to market them. The eels are fed regularly every three days on what is known as ' horse feet,' a sea product, with meat in side a shell which takes the shape of a horse's hoof, and it is doubtless from that that it derives the name. They consume 750 horse feet in three days. It would seem impossible to furnish so many, but the number does not . beg in to detail the extent of the catch. Millions of them are annually fed to swine and poultry, and some men make a business of catching them. On loth Juue, after a storm, Capt. Downs, with a trap of his own invention, caught 1000 'feet,' and between the 15th of June and April his aggregate catch was 19,000." Hanlan in Pentientiary. — When . Hanlan, America's celebrated oarsman, 'visited the Penitentiary at Kingston, he found that an arch had been erected over the stone yard bearing the inscription in green, very cleverly executed by one of the prisoners, " Hurrah for Hanlan!" — with a shamrock aHd a pair of crossed skulls on one side, a shamrock and flag on the other and the harp of Ireland beneath. As the party were leaving the yard one of the oonvicts stepped up to the champion and presented him with a pendant for a watch chain, of a horse and his rider, beautifully carved from a plain piece of bone. Hanlan s appearance : in each room was the signal for every man to momentarily quit work to take a glimpse at the celebrated oars- ; man, uwith whose doings, in spite of their dungeon- walls, many of them seemed well acquainted. ; --The Evidence of a Ghost.— Murderers have in many instances been convicted and executed by evidence that was elioited through the agency of a dream or some vagne ghost .story." It is; not generally known, however, that two men were exeouted in the North of England, a little more than two hundred years ago, by the testimony of a ghost. In 1631, a woman named Ann Miller was mur dered at Chesterle-street. Her ghost, ac cording to the local records, appeared to a miller who resided in the neighborhood, and told him the story of her murder. He in formed the magistrates, who issued warrants for the arrest of John Walker and Mark Sharp. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, at the next Durham Assizes, found gnilty, and executed upon no other videnoe than the story of the miller. — Newcastle Courant. An Exceedingly Married Man.— Un easy lies the head that wears a crown applies particularly, one might think, to the King of Siam, who has/ or had, 600 commissioned wives and 2400 wives by brevet, all of them living in one vast palace at Bangkok. Most men would rather relinquish all power and royal authority than be quite so much married ; but, we presume, the polygamous sove reign ha3 got accustomed to his super abundant connubiality. He is said to be an amiable and enlighted Prince, and to be sufficiently advanced not to grieve over the recent death of the white elephant, a sacred beast among the Budhists. He probably thinks his 3000 wives elephant enough for him without concerning himself about the actual quadruped. He must be amiable, surely, to get on smoothly, as he is said to do, with 3000 women, all of whom are reputed to esteem and like him. We wonder how he manages. There must be some subtle secret in it which the Western world has never divined. Why doesn't he give his views on the Woman Question so much discussed of late ? His multifarious experience has empowered him to speak intelligently, and his opinions would have weight. It would be very interesting to know how one man can live comfortably with 3000 women, when so many men find it very hard to live comfortably with one woman. ' 