LITERATURE. THE PURITAN EE VOLUTION.* There is an interest in the epoch of the Pari tan Revolution which no other period of English history possesses, and this depends on something more than the importance of that great event and its consequences. Doubt less that, more than any other, was the turning point of English history. In one sense, in national history as in the individual life, every moment is a turning-point, and shapes the future after its own fashion. But there is no time when the possible two roads were so plain to the view as at that moment. Had the intrigues of Charles I. and his Ministers succeeded in their object, all the course of English existence would have been different. In that case England would have had an arbitrary monarchy, after the kind of that of Louis XIV. of France, possibly to be overthrown at last by a revolution as wildly destructive as that which cast a lurid light over the close of last century. That this was not so, and that the Government of England to-day ia one of the most popular kind, which yet links itself, by an unbroken chain of con nexion and development, with the nation's whole past, is due to the resistance offered to the beginnings of tyranny by the Puritans. But still it is not always the most important and pregnant era of which we care most to read; and that the interest of what was called for two centuries "The Great Rebellion" re tains its freshness unexhausted is due, in a very large degree, to another cause. This is the supremely interesting character of the men who were the chief actors in that great struggle. There is no period of human his tory in which the men were, in dignity and strength of character, better proportioned to the parts they were called upon to play. There is something lofty and grand about these men. Themostfanaticpartisancouldyetretain something like respect for the men opposed to him in a fight for existence. The influence of the religious reformation of the people of England which followed, a generation or two later 011. the official and ecclesiastical reforma tion of Henry VIIL had raised and ennobled the national character. The work of resists ance to tyranny was not left to popular im. pulse. but was soberly and temperately taken in Land by the best and noblest men of the nation. Indeed, this character of dignity and greatness attaches in some degree to the actors on both sides of the great debate Pym, Hampden, Vane, Wentworth, Montrose, Mil ton. Cromwell-they appear to have stepped out of the pages of Plutarch, as gifted by nature and fitted by discipline to guide and control great events. They all shared in the heroic quality, and rather dignified and ele vated the events in which they had their share than borrowed lnstre from them. This condition of rich personality renders this period fitted for the style of treatment it has received from Mr. Bayne, who has de voted a series of studies to several of the great, prominent figures of this period, and sought to estimate the men singly, and in their relations to the current of circumstances. There is a good deal of force in our author's remark that the fate of the Stuarts was largely due to their falling on a time of transition, when they represented, and thought it their duty to represent, traditions of government which the age had outgrown. He says-" The grand misfortune of the Stuarts was that they came to the throne of Great Britain in that period of transition between feudal and modern history when the weapons of feu dalism had rusted in the hands of sovereigns, but the duties of feudal kingship were still, vaguely yet importunately, demanded of them." Our ancestors considered them selves free, but they did not feel their freedom incompatible with a deep reverence for the person and office of the sovereign. Directly it became so, whether owing to the growth of the demands of freedom, or to the dir.erent temper of the sovereign, their passion for liberty cast the habit of submission to authority contemptuously aside. Referring to Clarendon's well-known description of the peace and prosperity of England under the personal rule of Charles I., before the out break of the civil war, our author says: " The sum total extracted by the Court from the pockets of Englishmen during the 11 years when the constitution was in abey ance, was not large in proportion to the wealth of the country ; and we need not scruple to concede to Clarendon that, in the absence of war and the general quickening of intelli gence, the country enjoyed material pros perity. Nor can we dispute Hume's statement that, when spread over so many years, the number of mutilations, whippings, and gags administered to the Puritans, under the auspices of Laud and the Star Chamber, was not extremely great. But all the more on these accounts ought we to admire the conduct of thosefEnglish patriots who fretted under the yoke of Charles. Few nobler spec tacles are presented by history than that of the English people in those years when, from the nobles in tneir castles to the yeomen in their cottages, all classes were agitated by poignant distress at the thought of law in sulted and Parliament suppressed." Mr. Bayne, in the essay devoted to the "Anglo-Catholic Reaction," vindicates Laud from the contemptuous scorn dealt out to him by Macaulay. His personal history, bis close friendship with Strafford and co-operation with him in the scheme of " Thorough," and his influence with the King, show him to be something better than the " superstitious driveller," or " ridiculous old bigot," or " im becile " he was considered to be by the great Whig .historian, Laud, "like Robespierre, believedevery word he spoke; his devotion to the -jtajglican idea and to his ecclesiastical order ro^ he compared, for simplicity, fer vour, 4n£e&ty;, to the devotion of Rpbespierre perfectibility, and to the;. cause orltie'nnfeiended multitude. It is this' irinri ^^iwbeaa said of Robes pierre, ifcfck/'no means sain explicable emminstenee fchat many of Laud's, Bhinjpg^p^ with' m t nfActor* Inibe'MBrteP .Borohniioait >. him in the race, found themselves thrust aside or left behind by the wiry, sleepless zealot, all iron and dull-burning but un quenchable fire." Following essays deal with " Henrietta Maria," "Charles the First," the "Covenanters, CharlesII., and Argyle;" an interesting one is given to the meteor career of Montrose, with its gallantry, its brilliancy, its futility, and the noble dignity of its end; and a very fine one treats of Milton and the bearings of his life and his labour on the Puritan revolution. Considering the possi bility of Milton holding aloof from political strife, and devoting his vigorous manhood, as he devoted his youth and his age, to poetry, our author observes-" If Milton had sequestered himself in the culture of the beautiful whfen duty called him to the service of his country he would never have been, one of the poets of the world. We might have had from him a miracle of learning and elaboration, 'pen cilled over,' to use his own language, ' with all the curious touches of art, even to the perfection of a faultless picture,' but the inspiration of a great time would not have thrilled through it as that inspiration thrills through Paradise Lost with the modulation of the long-rolling thunder-peal, aor would it have taught many generations how lofty was the enthusiasm, how mighty the fervour, that dwelt in the Puritans of England." And again, dealing with the magnificent force and luxuriance of his prose works, we have the following "The political cynic, nay, the candid ob server though no cynic, fails not to perceive, in readingMilton's prose, that his faith and his hope constantly light up his canvas with ideal colours, and that it is an impossible perfection he depicts. The England which rises to the eye of his imagination is a vision. ' Methinks I see in my mind a noble and puissant nation rousing herself like a Btrong man after sleep, and shaking her invincible locks: methinks I see her as an eagle mewing her mighty youth, and kindling her undazzlea eyes at the* full midday beam ; purging and unsealing her long- abused sight at the foun tain itself of heavenly radiance; while the whole noise of timorous and flocking birds, with those that love the twilight , flutter about, amazed at what she means.' There is not, and has not been, any such England. What then ? Has not many an eye, following Mil ton's as he looked upon his transfigured country, sparkled with a kindred enthu siasm ? Is not the glow of poetic inspira tion, as it warms the heart and sends a thrill of new energy along the brain, more vitalising than the chill formula of the po litical philosopher ? Milton's prose writings are studded with words and phrases of in tense nobleness, that bear on the gloom of sordid ages, and send rays of starlight illu mination into the dusk of compromise, con ventionality, hypocrisy. They are a sove reign antidote to moral cowardice, to all base, poor, cringing, frost-bitten moods o; mind. They suit, as they express, the elevated moments of humanity." Milton thoroughly accepted Cromwell as the " single Person," when so many thorough going Puritans hung back. He hailed him as England's "chief of men," and loyally worked under the Protector as Latin secre tary, declaring, in his Second Defence of the People of England, that there is nothing in human society more pleasing to God, or more accordant with reason, than that the most worthy should be at the head of affairs. It is in reference to this ap parently hearty acceptance of Cromwell as supreme ruler, by the force of inevitable circumstance, that we have to deal with one of the few spots on the character of Milton. One dark and deep one is the viru lent abuse he poured on the head of the unhappy Charles after his fall, and another that to which we have just referred-is his turning round on the memory of Crom well after his death. When addressing, in the very crisis of the nation's fate, a strenuously earnest appeal to Monk to pre serve the Commonwealth, he spoke of liberty and religion as " fought for, gained, and many years possessed, except in those unhappy interruptions which God hath re moved." We can hardly avoid regarding this as applying to the rule of the two Protectors, Oliver and Richard, and are hardly satisfied with the defence that has been charitably urged, that Milton was swept away at the time of writing these words by the general sense of relief from the rigorous personal government of Oliver, which had pressed so heavily on the feelings of the i English people. I Mr. Bayne has some thoughtful paragraphs on the great poetic work to which Milton's genius turned on the failure of his political hopes and ideals. Naturally he, as Macaulay had done before him, draws the obvious com parison between it and the Bublime poem of Dante. And on this subject he writes " Into the greatest poem of Protestantism, as into the greatest poem of Catholicism, enters the unutterable horror which for nearly 2,000 years has sat as a nightmare on the breast of Christendom. Neither in Homer nor in Shakspeare have we anything corres ponding to the Dantesque or Miltonic hell Afar, on the dawning riin of European civili sation-written as on the golden bars of morning-are the Homeric poems. In modern times, representing all that western civilisation has felt, thought, and hoped for, we have the works of Shakspeare. It is man as he is, man on his -green world, with its summer showers and , its winter blasts, its trees that flush ruddy and white with blossom, to be often smitten into fruitless ness by the east wind, its gloamings of beauty at morning and evening, with long grey hours of toil between, that forms the subject of both. In both there is the shadow. Homer knows of Hades, and its pallid, melancholy ghosts. Shakspeare is for ever wondering and pondering over the secrets of sorrow apd evil, of the night and of the .grave; and between and amid the rippJings of this : infinite laughter there are snatches of tenderest waiL But neither in Homer nor in Shakspeare is there anything corresponding to the Dantesque <£>r MUtonic helli . A prison- house of the universe in which ingenipus, exquisite, elaborate torture !is' inflicted to all eternity, whether described in tevolting and groteB^ue detail by Dante, orin more sublime but ftot leas appalling integer? by Milton, jis so introstroiis a conception, that we may donb't 'iif$ethef'Wori$ ,of.w£ich it; forms,aa?ntegr#J, .pj$t mil,I#, permanently ,enshrined .withi | household r&easuies; toi mankind.- . v - >'« -It . r- . it v .. . >.' "i seems likely that poetry, however noble in i execution, which is inseparably associated with | a Btnpendons horror and incredibility, will be j outgrown and left behind by the race, and I that both the Divine Comedy and Paradise j Lost will sooner or later be peremptorily re- i fused a place among the constellations beside j the poems of Homer and the dramas of { Shakspeare." j We have quoted freely from this study on ! Milton, but must extract the final paragraph, } may well be compared with the passage which ! in Macaulay's well-known essay in which he describes the serenity of Milton's temper, when, "after having experienced every calamity which is incident to our nature, old, poor, sightless, and disgraced, he retired to his hovel to die." Our author says: "In the evil times of the Restoration, in the land of the Philistines*, the Puritan Samson Agonistes ended his days. Serene and strong; conscious that the ambition of his youth nad been achieved. He begins the day with the Hebrew Bible, listens reverently to words in which Moses, or David, or Iaaiah spake of God. But he attends no church, belongs to no communion, and haa no form of worship in his family; notable circumstances, which we may refer, in part at least, to his blindness, but signifi cant of more than that. His religion was of the spirit, and did not take kindly to any form. Though the most Puritan of the Puritans, he had never stopped long in the ranks of any Puritan party, or given satisfaction to Puritan ecclesiastics and theologians. In his youth he had loved the night: in his old age he loves the pure sunlight of early morning as it glimmers on his sightless eyes. The music which had been his delight since childhood has still its charms, and he either Bings or plays on the organ or bass violin every day. In his grey coat, at the door of his house in Bunhill-fields, he sits on clear afternoons; a proud, ruggedly genial old man, with sharp satiric touches in his talk, the untunable fibre in him to the last. Eminent foreigners come to see him; friends approach reverently, drawn by the splendour of his discourse. It would range, we can well imagine, in glittering freedom, like ' arabesques of lightning,' over all ages and all literatures. He was the prince of scholars; a memory of superlative power waiting as handmaid on the queenliest imagination. The whole spectacle of ancient civilisation, its cities, its camps, its land- scapes, was before him. There he sat in his grey coat, like a statue cut in granite. He recanted nothing, repented of nothing. Eng- land had made a sordid failure, but he had not failed. His soul's fellowship was with the great republicans of Greece and Rome, and with the Psalmist and Isaiah and Oliver Cromwell." The length of our extracts from this essay prevents us doing more than briefly glance at the remaining ones. Two of these deal with Vane and Clarendon, and the other with Oliver Cromwell. In this Mr. Bayne holds with Carlyle, that the theory of Cromwell's " conversion" to religion is the hypothesis which will best explain the facts of his life, and that the opposite one of his hypocrisy does not explain half so many of them, Without professing to allege that Cromwell had absolutely no thought for himself, he is " unable to specify any stage in the ascent of Cromwell at which the alternative placed before him was to sacrifice either himself or his country." " The peculiarity of the case is that, at the critical points of his career, a different decision from that at which he arrived might seem to him to involve, and to involve inevitably, not only his own ruin, but some gross injustice to other men, some great iujury to England, some fatal stab to what he counted the sacred cause of God and the saints." In regard to this line of argument.] we must profess to be unable to see why it is | necessary to vindicate Cromwell from the t charge of personal ambition more than pther' men of 'whom England is justly proud. Who supposes that Chatham, William P.itt, ! Marlborough, or Nelson were free from this i element, or that it was not a great niotive force in their character? And who supposes ! that the value and greatness of their', work j are in any way depreciated on that accounjs? i In conclusion we may say that the egsays i devoted by Mr. Bayne to the prominent actors j in the great English Revolution will be found j not only interesting but valuable as an aid to understanding themenmostclosely associated with that <5vent, and by whom the course of circumstances and the future of England were most influentially determined. By entering into close acquaintance with these chief actors as they are here .presented we are made successively to view the central events from many different sides, and can hardly fail to obtain a juster insight into the j course and causes than we before possessed. 1 