Music and the Drama. r The facta not otherwise, $¡| ? .. Than here set down. (i ii BHEBIDAW KKOWIES. ii ; VICTORIA THEATRE.-Mr. Creswick has acted during lr the past week with great SUCCCBS in the play which I Macready describes as " Cibher'8 clever stagy com- j ' Dilation, given to an English audience as Richard li, Plantagenet, in the place of Shakespeare's creation." ¡j: The Richard tho Third that still unfortunately holds fl its own upon the stage is a compilation by Colley [ : Cibber from Shakespeare's Richard, the different parta ¡L of Henry VI., Henry V., Richard II., and probably || otherplays, with a great deal out of Cibber's own brains. |i; The way in which ho used "paste and scissors" was (| certainly ingenious, for his version is an intellectual j; maze for a Shakesporian student. Scarcely a single j! passage is left untouched, for Mr. Cibber was evidently firmly convinced that he could in every lino improve !; upon the original. It has been pointed but by a critic ¡ I that this edition has been used by Garrick, Quinn, F ! Henderson, Cook, tho two Keans, and Macroady. [ .? It is not very flattering to any actor of Shakespeare's j plays, to be compared with (¿uin, who, hearing Gar- ; rick give a faithful version of "Macbeth," asked where he got all the strange words from. It is true that Garrick used this edition of Cibber's, and it is doubtless due to his example that it has remained on tho boords so long ; but it must bo remembered that | it was the piece in which he achieved his first great success at the theatre in Goodman's Fields, before his ~- ¡¡ judgment was matured. Ho soon threw over Colly ' Cibber in other dramas, but the public would have) j resented any alteration in tho play HO closely associated ( with his early and unexampled triumphs. Kean, * ; whilst clinging to tho acting version, emancipated [ ; himself to some extent from its spirit. Macready says, 1 ,\ " lb would have been desirablo to have Been ! i tho energy and restless activity of Kean giving life to j ' racy language and scones of direct and varied agency J.j in the genuine tragedy with which his whole manner . j 5 and appearance wore so much more in harmony." Of j himBolf the same great actor writes, describing his j study of tho paBt :-"For my portrait of tho character," : the self-reliant, wily, quick-sighted, decisive, inflexi ble Plantagenet, I went direct to the true source of inspiration, the great original, endeavouring, to carry ; ' iis spirit through the sententious and stagy lines ol Cibber : not searching for particular points to make, but rendering the hypocrisy of the man deceptive and pérsùisive in its earnestness, and presenting him in the execution of his will as acting with lightning like rapidity.'' Macready did venture to make some alterations, and he further says:-"If the management of Covent Garden, 1857-9, had been continued, the play with many others, would have been pre sented in its original purity." Fortified by such an opinion, we do not hesitate to say that it is a disgrace to tho stage that actors of great reputation should continue to Dring forward this cor rupt version. The Richard in either Shakespeare's or Cibber's pl vs is a villain of so deep adye that human nature is ashamed to own him ; but in Shakespeare's the surroundings placehim in quite another light. He is the Nemesis, the avenging fury of the two houses of York and Lancaster, whose selfish conflicts have given rise to endless murders. This is brought out in the parts <!>f the two Queens and the old Duchess of York. The weird, half-mad Mirgaret continually hovers round the Yorkish Court, reproaching her adversaries vith the murder of her husband and son ; and being reproached in trim for the slaughter of old York and young Rutland, all unite in curses upon Richard, whose awful crimeb fill up the cup of horrors ; and his overthrow and death is the fitting conclusion of the most dreadful regal tragedies that England ever knew. Ho himself is a creature scarcely human, born in strange fashion, and with misshapen form, defying throughout his whole career God, man, and devil ; yet so seductive in address that he can accomplish his fell purposes, whatever they may be. In all this, there ia dramatic grandeur though there is no historic reality, and this play has been well said to be the transition point from Shake speare's earlier style, while ho was content to merely revivify the national chronicles, to that later period when he poured forth the grandest ovations that have ever emanated from tho hitman mind. In Cibber's play there is no historical truth, and the dramatic power is sadly diminished. Richard ÍB too black even for a demon, and tho dramatic justi fication'is not given. Even the most powerful acting cannot give that reality to the character that is seen in all Shakespeare's own creations. We have said that there is no historical truth in the conception of Richard III. by Shakespeare. The dramatist took his facts from More and other Tudor sources, which nar rated every fable about the adversary of Henry VII. Even in his personal appearance he ÍB belied. There is evidence to Bhow that ho shared his brother's good . looks, for a certain Countess declares that he was the best looking man about the Court with whom to dance. No good authority exists for his murder of Clarence, though Henry VI. and the young princes doubtless died by his hands. But murders are not sufficient to win public support,-the fact was Ed ward IV. had introduced a new f-ystem.of govern ment. He overthrew parliamentary government, and adopted absolutism with the aid of the new nobility. Richard, skilfully posing as the friend of the Constitution, was asked by the Parliament to wear the Crown. His brief reign is marked by a Boriea of most beneficent BtatuteB in the interests of English commerce. He showed himself a clear sighted statesman, and to that must be attributed the large measure of support he obtained ia spite of hie notorious crimes. Mr. Creswick's Richard III. ii conventional, but very powerful, and, to nae thewordi of THE TIMBS in respect to Macready, " it would bi still more complete if he always retained his sel command." If he only realined his own powers t< produce great effects with little violence, ho wouli assuredly never indulge in anything approaching rant even though it always wins a cheer. We make thi remark with special reference to the tent scene. Ii Australia, Mr. Creswick can only bo comparée with himself, and wo confess thai ¿is Richard does not seem to us worthy of his other characters. Lady Anne, if not a difficult part, is an un satisfactory one, for no woman, not even a grass widow, could in a few moments be turned even by the most skilful tongue, from her hatred of the murderer of her dearly beloved husband, and of her father-in law, to a state that favours the murderer's prétentions. Miss Ashton was well suited for the part, but could not obtain increased reputation by it. Miss Bow ring's Queen was sufficiently mournful and lachrymose. Mr. Jermyn and Mr. Carey ably supported Mr. Creswick as Buckingham and Richmond, but Mr. Bart lett's Henry VI. is deserving of more decided com mendation. In quiet effectiveness, it is the best thine we have' seen doue by this accomplished actor. Th« appointments of the piece were very creditable, and many of the scenes were really magnificent. The dream scene was well given, ana waa sufficiently in distinct to he natural. The battle Bcenery is too am bitious, but in all other respects the management is ta be complimented on the success with which the play is mounted. THEAT«E ROYAL.-The amusements at this theatre have been both varied and attractive. Mr. and Mrs. George Darrell have concluded their engagement, and during their last week appeared in "Masks and Faces," and the powerful drama of "Man and Wife," in both of wh'on plays they were, as usual, very successful, being exceedingly well supported by Mr. S. Lazar's . excellent stock company. On Saturday last MÎBB Florence Colville appeared as Lady Teazle in Sheridan's brilliant comedy, the "Schoolfor,Scandal" having Mr. J. J. Welsh for Sir Peter-and this is one of this clever actor's best parts-Miss Melville as Mrs. Candour, and Miss Maggie Oliver as Lady Sneer well, all of which characters were admirably and cleverly sustained; Mr. G. D. Chaplin played Charles Surface with more than ordinary success. The " Serious Family," in which Mr. Chaplin played Captain Murphy Maguire, Mr. J. A. South Aminadab Sleek, and Miss Colvillo the charming young widow, made the comedy thoroughly enjoyable throughout, as the hearty applause fully testified. A Mr. Def ries played Hamlet most successfully as a semi-amateur performer, on Wednesday, astonishing the natives not a little in this respect. He had, moreover, the very able assistance of Miss Flora Anstead as Ophelia, and Miss Melville as the Queen. To-night the celebrated drama of " The Dead Heart," with Mr. Chaplin as Robert Landy, will be repeated. QUEEN'S THERTRE.-"Our Boys" continues to in crease in popularity, and the takings this week have been larger than either of the previous weeks. It will probably be played to the end of the month. Mr. Charles Holloway has unfortunately been seriously nnwellj and Mr. Melville, with great kindness, under took his part last Saturday, at an hour's notice. He has nlaved it since with considerable success. THE REV. CHAS. CLARK has concluded his highly successful series of lectures. During the week he has given again Westminster Abbey, Charles Dickens. Thackeray, and a now lecture on the " Good Old TimeB, or The Merrio Monarch." THE GUILD HALL GHOST is still drawing a satisfac tory amount of support. 