THE.MYSTERY OF CECIL ROSSE. CHAPTER XXXVI. ; .: thlo stout Highland ponies moved quickly ".out of the stable-yard at Black Rock, and the crisp, cold, salt air blew freshly upon ':::lher, old (Gretchen revived instantly, the m'ihstinet of flight taking possession of her ciitire being. She leaned forward, clutch iligtheio side of the waggon, and looked 'biaclkwiard with eager gaze. c" They'rc coming I they're coming I " slhe cuied wildly, her voice half-wailing. "They see us, Miss Cecil. They'll catch us." , Cecil set her lips together; her dusky eyes blazed like burning stars. She plied tho whip vigorously, keeping a tirmn hold upon time reins. The ponies galloped down thel. ]ill at a reckless pace; the vehicle 01jolted against stones, tipped now and then :into a rnt or ditch, threatening an over thlrow, and dashed on madly, Cecil's steady hold never once relaxing, nor her stern cdirage ,faltering. They gained the foot of the hill in safety, and plunged into a woodland-path, into a dense' gloom made by thick overhanging trees. . Gretcheil could not longer see the pur suers; but she kept up her keen lookout, muttering and groaning. The dogs under thie waggon bayed and howled, excited by the wild speed of the horses. Cecil sat per fectly silent, the reins in one hand, the . whip in the other, listening intently for the sounds of pursuers. One mile-two miles-were gone over. Then Cecil drew a long sigh of relief. " How many ponies did they have, Gretchen ? " she asked, keeping the horses at a steady though not excessive speed. ! Four," gasped the old peasant woman. " And there are only two to the waggon. The others must have been in the stable or yard, ready to mount or lead. They must be on our track." " They will overtake us. With this heavy weight they will find it easy to capture us. "What shall we do ? " " We might cut the traces, mount these ponies, and get away," responded Cecil. " But we are likely to repent if we do that. We must keep to the waggon if possible. I have often seen firearms in tihe old kitchen. See if none of them have been put in the waggon. They would be high at the sides, out of harm's way." The old woman groped about, and an nounced her discovery of firearms. " I think I can use them if necessary. I have seen the men at the sehutzen-fests firing their rifles, and I know how the tling is done. Do you hear our pursuers ? " SNo, Miss Cecil," replied Gretchen, after intently listening. Cecil again became silent. The ponies pressed on through the gloom and darlkness, stumbling now and then, and jolting the waggon upon stones and in ruts. In the course of an hour the faint gray dawn became apparent, oven in tlhe forest wilds. The fugitives could see the wild desolation of the mountain-road, the various 'features of the weird and rugged scenery, and note tlhe terrible loneliness that reigned supremo over the Northern Highlands. There were mbountain-peaks on every side, all'of them crowned with snow. The vege tation was' after passing. the old. park and forest' of the Black Rock estate; sparse and .stunted. No living creature crossed their path. ' As.tlheo dawn'deelinped into daylight, and the cold became more perceptible as they retreated from the sea, Gretchen began ans : :oxamiinitioni of thlio interior of the waggon. She found thie stores 'which the Jarvises had preparedvwith a' view totheir own needs and comfort, and .carved slices from the roasted veunison, brosught out slices of bread and butter; n pot of fruit-jelly, and a jug of strong cold coffoc. " eore is something they intcende for themselvcs," she remarkeld, depositing her :icstrisisries on the broad seat. "Let us eat b?cakfast, Miss Cecil. I will drive while you cat." Cecil put her whip in its socket, but kept a lirm hold upon the reius while she took up tile snludwichl Gretchen had made for her. She ate it while driving, not for an instant relaxing lher \vigilance or permitting her ponies to slacken speedil to a walk. "It is singular tlhat tlhey dlo not show :themselves," said Cecil when she had fiuished her meal. " Something must have happened I " In truth something had happened. Mr. Jarvis lhad intended to scure the two extra ponlics to the rear-end of thIe waggon, and lhad left them loose in thel stable. Mrs. Jarvis on discovering the escape of the prisoners had attempted to mount one of the ponies thus left, and had been thrown to tihe floor. No injury ihad been done hlier: but thile ponies were not secured, and in her hasteo shle lhad left thIe stable-door open. After upsetting helr, seeing the avenue of escape, both thie ponies Ihad gone careering into the stable-yard, neighing for their late companions, had overthrown Maria, who lhappened in tleir way, and had then made a bold break for freedom. With vivid recollections of a certain pasture frinomn which they had bcan with dlrawn a diy or tw\o hefore, they set oil oin a gallop, iandl regained the wide field, where fr mnore tIhau n hour they had indulgedl in the wildest antics, defying thIe efforts of Jarvis to capture them. At thIe end of that period they lad againi taken to flight, and to the olld road by which the fugitives lhad flied. Jarvis set out oni foot of course to capture theim, sw erini g fill hle was hoarsse, and swelling with rage nud fury that was little short of ianinceial. It was inoone wlen he fbund themeh cnlvl grazing in the grass-'grown highway. 'IT ehlabor them with a club wasss lis first act. "hen he mounted and ,um:hmd onw'ad in wild pursuit, relieving his pent-up emotions with imprecations " both loud uand dcop," and resolving to kill both Cecil and Grot chen at sight. " Thero'll be no more foolish sentiment ality," he growled. "No fears of being ha'nted, no d?ead of ghosts. A fortune like that girl a-slipping through my hands like this I Iwonder I ain't raving-crazy " Throughout that long morning Cecil kept the ponies at a steady jog. At noon, when they showed signs of flagging, she alightcd, lunhooked them from the waggon, and per mitted them to graze in a little green dell by the roadside, where a mountain spring 1,ubbled and thie yong grass was thick. An hour was givent to tis halt. The fugitives ate their dinner under tile trees, and keplt anmlxious watch in the direction thely had come. They put tihe ponics to the waggon again after due rest, and resumed their journey. Tihe road tlhat during the mornihg had tlhreadced a wide valley now ran through na dangerolus nlollntail-pass, so narrow ill places tlhat two waggons could not have passed each other. The mounmtain rose steeply upon one side the path; upon the other a deep lprecipice yawned, and beyond tlht were other mountains. Even at mid day the road was in deep shadow. It was crossed by frequent mountain torrenots, slnmmed by insecure old bridlges thalnt thllreat ened to give way under the weight now broughlt to bear upon thlem. In places the path was so nasrow tlhat a sheer of tho horses to thie outer side of but a few feet would have precipitated the folgitives into eternity. In other places a misstep would have been attended withl the same fatal con seqoUOnceS. Speed was out of the question. The ponies, sure-footed like all of their breed, and used to such precarious footing, plodded on steadily, while Cecil and Gretchen kept watch in front and rear, their nerves strung to their utmost tension. For hours they marched in this terrible mountain-pass, with strained vision and hearing; but thie ponies never swerved from their course, and no pmusuer came in sight. At a late hlour of the afternoon they came out into a wide valley which stretched for miles before them in a comparatively level plain. There were patches of snow in their way; but tihe road was improving, and Cecil again compelled the ponics to jog. It was twilight when she turned the vehicle aside into a scraggy grove of stunted pines, and came to a ihalt beside a mountain stream. "We must stop for the night, Gretchen," she said. " The ponies are tired. And as for us, having been up all the last night, we must lhave rest." Gretchen assented withll many misgivings, and alighted from thie waggon. The horses were unhtlucrnessed tnid tethered to trees within easy reach of the noisy little streanm. Cecil helped to rul, them down. " Wo must take good carne of them. Our safety depends upon them, Gretchent," sle observed gravely. " ,arvis must be on our track. Ieo will overtake us by to- morrow noon, even if he lhas been delayed, or if he is colupelled to rest as often as we." " Then what are we to do ? " " We shall have to resume our journey in the morning without the waggon. This ponies aro gentle. We must ride ihem. We can take food enough in a bag for our wants, and by to-morrow night this road must bring us to some shepherd's huit or H-ighland hamlet." Ctrct?chn brought out a variety of food, theo best the waggon contained. After supper tile old woman filled a bag which she improvised from a tablecloth found in the vehicle, with choice provisions, and placed it where it could be taken up at an instant's notice, should they be compelled to renew their flight in haste. " One ought to watch whilo thi other sleeps, Miss Cecil,"' said Gretchen. "' I will watch-yoeu look beat out. Your face is pale as death." "But my heart is strong and my courage also," replied Cooil.: "We have been froo one wliole day. I think God is surely bo friending us. Ho will not suffer our enemies to overtake us and put us to death. But . wo must .watch, as you say. You are older than I. Lie down in the waggon and sleep until midnuight. Then I will waken you and take my turn at resting." "But you are weaker than I," protested old Gretchen. " Youare delicatelyniurtured, while I am only a rough serving woman.. Let me sit up and watch wlhile you sloop." But Cecil shook her head with pretty im peciiousness. " You must do as I say, Gretchen," she said, affectionately. " Lio down. now. I promise you I will take my turn." Gretchen was forced to obey. She crept into the waggon and went to aleep, snoring heavily. The young girl leaned against a tree, silent and watchful. She was well wrapped against the cold. Thie noisy torrent was very near. The mountain peaks, crowned with snow, shut in around her on every side like a bristling wall. The wind tore down the valley, coming through the mountai!n passes keen nnd chill. Tile shadows of the night deepened into blackness. Only two or three stars could be distinguished through the dense clouds. It was a strange vigil, one ever to be remembered. * Cecil's thoughts went back over her brief history. Tihe mystery of her origin seemed to her to be connected with her imprison menl at Black Rock and thle attempt of her jailers to destroy her life. What could thlat mystery be ? Who wcreher unseen enemies ? Who had bribed tihe .TJarvises and tlhe Portu guese woman to kill her " She thought of Lord Glenham. His blonde beauty, the rare charm of his man ner, his nobleness and gooduess, all wero reviewed in that lonely silence and gloom. And thie young face was turned up to tlhe frowning sky, pale and sorrowful, yet full of tenderness for the lover she believed for ever lost to her. And Cecil prayed for him and for Lady Trevor, whom she believed thiat he loved, that they might bie happy, whatew r might lie her own fate. She did not waken old Gretchen al mid night. But somewhere about onle o'clock the old woman aroused herself and came iorthi, compelling Cecil to take lher place. The girl did so, sleeping profoundly until daybreak. Then she arose. Thelcy had breakfast. A feed of oats was given the horses, and tliey rcsumcd their journey. They had boon gone about three or four hours when Jarvis came riding up. He saw that they hadlhaltcd for the night. He was hungry, and made ILn inustant attack upon the stores they had left, consuming an inordinate amounm t of whiskey. Secunring extra stores of provisions, both food and drink, lhe pushed on after the fugitives in better spirits. "They don't ]inow the road ahead of them," lhe muttered. "This second day'll tell on thllat girl. I shall overtake 'em at Devil's Gapl, if not sooncr. They haven't the slightest chance of escape ! " (To be coitinlued.) 