FACES IN THE FIRE. Br an Old Bushman. CHAP. III. The nieution of my brother recalls to my mind many incidents of our childhood and youth where he figures conspicuously, and many deeds of mischief in wlucli we were partners. In one of these poor. Dick Loyd was the victim. Living, as he did, a short distance away from the principal part of the village, he had to pass through the churchyard, or else by a most circuitous route through a hollow lane, winch skirted that sacred ground on his way from the beershop to his home. The lane was. narrow, bounded by high ditches, which were surmounted by high hedges of hazel, leaning over in some places so as almost to meet overhead, and consequently it was a dark and lonesome place. On winter's evenings my brother and I had provided a treat for Dick in the shape of a "turnip lantern," upon which considerable time and artistic skill had been expended. The turnip having been selected of a large size, and as near in shape as possible to the human countenance, was carefully hollowed out, so that nothing but the thin rind was left in front, and this was removed in two places to form the eyes. A slit was also formed of prodigious dimensions, over which a band of black cloth was fixed, with spaces snipped out of it, which (when the mask was lighted up) looked like enormous tusks ; and when the whole was lighted inside with a piece of candle, the effect was grotesque in the extreme, and to a timid soul like Dick no less fearful. After at least a week of preparation we succeeded in forming a very respectable goblin, but being anxious to try its effect we very nearly spoiled our adventure by frightening one of our servant girls into a fit. However, by dint of soft words, some presents, and a promise never to frighten her any more, my brother Phil succeeded in binding her to secrecy, and one very dark night we proceeded to put our plot into execution. We fixed the goblin head in the lane on a pole, which we draped as artistically as possible with a sheet, and with a string in each hand, by which he could turn the spectral head as on a pivot, my brother ensconced himself beliind the hedge, while I acted as scout to warn him of the approach of danger, or of the victim. We had not long to wait, but to our consternation we soon ascertained that Dick was not alone. He was accompanied by a cobbler who lived in the village, a boon companion of his. who, unlike Dick, was supposed to be afraid of neither ghost or devil. He gloried in being con sidefed an atheist, and on his stall was gene rully to be seen a well-thumbed volume of " Paine's Age of Reason." When Jack Thorpe's boisterous laugh was heard in the lane we therefore gave ourselves up to despair, and had there been time we should have removed our spectacular appliances and decamped ; but tliis we could not do without being seen. We therefore stood our ground, and just as they arrived at the spot we coulc hear Dick and "his companion were ridiculing the popular idei\ of ghosts having been seen in the graveyard, and Jack had just announced that he would not believe such a thing even if be saw it. But at that moment appeared before their astonished eyes a figure in white, whose phosphorescent countenance, glowing eyes, and portcntious fangs were enough to 'affright a stouter heart than poor Dick's, Without a word he turned and lied, and Jack, the heroic Jack, stood slock still. When, however, the spectre, by means of the strings, turned slowly round, with its face full towards him, and I, as instructed, uttered a deep groan, which seemed almost to be breathed into liis ear, the inlidel suddenly became a believer, and started off at such a pace that he soon overtook Dick, although the latter hearing footsteps behind him, and firmly believing it to be the ghost. Hed with all the speed which terror lent him. It is probable that old Brown, the keeper of the beershop, profited by our mischief, as neither of the two doughty heroes left his premises until daylight restored their courage. Encouraged by our success we ugain tried the same experiment, and on this occasion we selected an old pensioner, who lived without any companion, except liis cqt, and qn assortment of wooden legs (one of which lie always wore), in a small cottage on the edge of a common near the village. We selected our place carefully, so that old Ralph (l'ur that was liis name) should catch sight of the spectre just as he got over a somewhat awkward style, and knowing that with his wooden leg he could not catch us, we hid ourselves in a bush close by. Old Ralph came stumping along, and while we were in a thrill of ex pectation we saw him, much to our disgust walking up to the hideous apparition, and carefully dismembering qur ghost. he exclaimed, <t (i'fjd bless thqse boys; they knpwed what I wanted. Here's a lantern to light me home, and a clean sheet when I get there.' The biters were bitten. Oestfijlleij tpul ashamed we retired homo, and, after climbing over the roof of the dairy, and reaching our own dor mitories, we debated the ip. t:o -. .if how we were to account for the loss of one of the sheets of my bed. The next morning our mother had' to be taken into confidence, and UPP1 giving a sqlemn premise that w-e would eschew turnip lanterns and night expeditions in future, we were pardoned. But whenever I see the face qf my brother Phillip in my glowing miiw he appears as I saw him years afterwards, when he had become a young man, and in the ruddy fire there rises two faces together—one is that of my brother. I see liim as if he stood before me in the flesh, with a noble and somewhat thoughtful face, a lofty brow under curling dark brown hair, and the proud yet gentle bearing of one who conscious of no mean thought, had never felt any sense of inferiority liimself, or showed contempt towards others. Alas! that pride miscalled self respect made sliipwreck ot himself, and of one still dearer to liimself. That face, too, rises before me as I muse on past events. It is the face as of an angel then ; she is an angel now. Often have I seen them both together as I see them now— one so strong and calm in the pride of manhook ; the other so fail-, so pure, and ethereal, as if she was but waiting for her call into a brighter world. And as I gaze into the fire a well-known scene rises before my mind. An old farm-house in a Midland county of England—a house which had once been a moated grange. Its walls, wliich were of immense thickness, and seemed capable of defying the ravages of time, were covered with the clinging ivy from foundation to battlement; the windows w r ere long and narrow, except one wing of the dwelling, which must have been of more modern construction than the other part; here the windows were of fair proportion, of the form usually called Gothic, with a large treble bay window in the principal room on tlie upper floor. It was in this part of the house that the family chiefly dwelt. The other wings, with the gloomy rooms and lancet windows, were generally used as store rooms for apples, pears and plums, among the fruits : and for corn of all kinds. But the chief feature which I remember of the house was its spacious hall, which was used as the general rendezvous for the young people of the house and their friends among the neighboring farmers. The fireplace in that room was as large as the sitting-room of a South Australian cottage. On each side was placed (in the fireplace itself) a massive oak bench, which would accommodate eight persons. The floor over the hall was supported on massive oaken beams, which were black with age and smoke; and connecting this room with the other portions of the house were several passages, dark and sombre looking even at noon-day, but of untold value to the juveniles when playing at hide-and-seek. The owner of this house now possessed about one hundred acres of land around the place of somewhat sterile character, and farmed it T himself, but though a mere farmer lie w as as proud as any of his ancestors who built that massive pile, and at that time owned thousands of acres of the rich land in the vicinity. In ancient times tlus edifice had been surrounded by a moat, part of wliich still remained as a fish pond. The other portions have been filled up, and now constituted the ! garden. The pond was supplied by a small i stream which trickled out of the rocks at the back of the house, and at the margin of this miniature lake grew two large umbrageous , chesnut trees, under the shadow of which in ; the warm summer time the daughters of the , lionse often sat with their work or their . books. The fair young face which I see asso- j ciated with that of my brother was the second of the three daughters, and often have I seen those faces together in that favorite resort ' poring over some tale of love or bright poetic i fancy. It is all that one could desire of that I which was noble and manly, while hers I will j not dare to paint. I can see it in my waking dreams, but cannot describe it. To nie she ] ui OUgel, pure and bright, and I loved I her as a sister, one who was ever as kind and gontle as she WJIS beautiful. Alas! there came a time of trouble, which I then under- | stood but imperfectly, but which in many respects became clearer since. A quarrel arose between our family and hers, and shortly afterwards our father's fortunes were ruined, and poverty threatened our once happy home. The lovers Vero separated, but still were true to each other, and found n;»ans occasionally to meet, but my brother being the eldest of the family had first to leave our home, and carve out for himself a path in life. While he was far distant from liis home and his love a wealthy and well-born rival paid assiduous | court to his betrothed, but in spite of all the ; allurements of wealth, ease, and elegance,, and the arguments of her oure,,^ wh u were | ambitions for thejv beuutirul daughter, Clara • emaiued true to her wanderer. But, alas! what absence could not do, treachery achieved, The eldest sister, who shared her talents ill-will to my brother, mid whose uuidrwiiting could scarcely be distinguished from her sister Guru's, wrote to Phil a letter which purported to come from Clara, asking him to consider their engagement at an end, and hinting that life-long engagements could only lead to mutual disappointment. And he, poor fool, believed it to have come fjo.m her whom having l«>voi\ s^ iuiig, lie aliould h.jye lyiiO.wii better. Knowing that he wasno Iqnger in a position to seek her with the approval of her parents his pride would not allow him to descend tu entreaty, ur to ask for exjihuwtiMUS. He sent back every letter he had received from her—letters which it had been such a joy to him to receive, and 1 such a comfort to him in his difficulties, and | addressed lier for the last time in the cruel i note wlucli she gave to me afterwards, and J which was o,s follows :—'My Dear Clara.— For thelast time I may take the liberty of addressing you thus. I have only to subnet to circumstances, and say. Farewell! May you be as hi'.pp.y as in brighter days it was my hope to make you. Please destroy any letters you may still have of mine, which is' the last favor I shall ever ask.—Phillii\" (Tq be CmtUwetf.] 