Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonal News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 1. THE Government lost no time in re-introducing their Electoral Bill—taking good care to have it preceded by the necessary recommendation from the Governor. Meanwhile they had made some alterations in the schedules, by which they propose to increase the number of members to 162. At first they only proposed 96, but the electoral re turns they obtained showed that certain districts had increased in population to a greater extent than was anticipated when framing the bill. Then, there are eight or ten other electorates that have claims for extra representation which will have to be taken into consideration. In fact it seems probable there will be some thing like a scramble for additional representation. This is only what might be expected, and there is sure to be disappointment on the part of some of those constituencies and their members who are not among the favored ones. East Sydney is to get six members—that is, two additional. Country constituencies will not like this. Some member remarked in the Assembly the other night that Sydney would be sufficiently well represented if it did not return a single member, and there is some truth in the obser vation, because a large proportion of country constituencies return members who either reside or have large interests in the metropolis. I do not think the citizens of Sydney themselves desire increased representation. All classes and shades of opinion are now fairly represented, and the effect of increasing the number, as proposed, would be to increase the chances of professional politicians and plausi ble adventurers obtaining seats. Although there is a large majority in the Assembly in favor of the measure, it will be far from giving general satisfaction. A small minority contend, and with reason, that what is wanted is re-distribu tion, and not an increase of members ; but re-distribution would involve an amount of time that cannot well be spared just now, and so the Government propose to do the best thing possible under the circumstances—correct, as far as they oan, existing anomalies. But they are over liberal with their favors. 102 members to represent 600,000 people i It has been pointed out that if Great Britain were pro portionately represented, the House of Com mons .would consist of 4500 members. One of the principal causes of the partial failure of Responsible Government in New South Wales is that successive Ministries have not had the power to control the Assembly. Of late years the Assembly has led the Government, instead of the Government leading the Assembly—a re versal of the natural order of things that is inimical to progress. In the multitude of councillors there are other qualities besides wisdom, and of this the barrenness of the last two Parliaments gives ample proof. On Tuesday the Assembly gave evidence of its liberalism by passing a resolution in favor of opening the Free Publio Library and Museum to the publio on Sunday afternoons from 2 till 6 o'clock. This is not the first time the House has been asked to pass a motion of this kind, but the conservative element has hitherto pre vailed. Now, however, the motion is passed by a majority of 19 to 12. It was moved chiefly in tbe interest of the working classes, to whom the institutions—or, at all events, one of them—are now virtually closed, for the museum is only open from noon till 4 in the afternoon. The library is open from 10 am. till 10 p.m. There is no violation of any religious sentiment by throwing open these institutions to the public on Sundays ; but the clergy—or some of them— think otherwise, and are getting up a protest. The parks and gardens are already open, and this motion just passed iB only an extension of the principle. The main objections urged by the "orthodox" party against the step were that it is the " thin end of the wedge," or an opening of the door to a general secularisation of the Sabbath; and, further, that it would necessitate the employment of persons on Sun days. But the majority of the Assembly thought—and no doubt the majority of the people also think—that the moral, intellectual, and even religious benefits to be derived from the facilities thus given for the study of works of nature, art, and science are a superior con sideration. The resolution of the Assembly will, however, remain a dead letter until Par liament makes provision to defray the increased cost that will be entailed in carrying it out. There is small prospect of the session closing within at least a month. All the Estimates-in- Chief were passed on Thursday, but there remain yet for disposal the supplementary and addi tional Estimates, besides the Electoral Bill, and a proposal to place the Volunteer force on a better footing. The Premier hoped, when he met Parliament, to commence the next seseion not later than May, and then begin the real work of legislation; but he is rather out of his reckoning. The notorious 31st clause of the Land Act has at last been interpreted by the Supreme Court, but their Honors the Judges are not unanimous. Considering the ambiguity of the phraseology in the proviso to the clause, and the chronic prone ness of our Judges to differ from each other, this is not to be wondered at. It ia a remark able circumstance that on nearly every im portant case that has come before the Full Court of New South Wales for some years past, the decisions of the Judges have been by majority, and there is scarcely a single suit that is not Bent to the Privy Council. This implies a want of confidence in our own Judges that is anything but flattering. In tbe case of the 31st clause, the Chief Justice is in the Ministry. Mr. Justice Hargrave and Mr. Justice Fawcett hold the opinion pronounced by Mr. Dalley, when Attorney-General, and acted upon by tbe framer of the clause (Mr. Garrett), viz., that an applica tion for a conditional purchase of 640 acres is invalid if there be not a block of five miles square on the run. It is admitted that the clause sb it stands is an absurdity, and a literal inter pretation of it must consequently be absurd ; but this is what the Puisne Judges have given to it, while the Chief Justice interprets it, as the lawyers say, "beneficially." The proviso to the clause allows a lessee to conditionally purchase " a proportionate quantity out of any holding of less area" than 16,000 acres. It must strike anyone as a re markable inconsistency that a person Bhould be allowed to take up land irrespective of the shape of the run on which it ia situated if the run be IeBS than 16,000 acres, but not allowed unless there be a perfect block of five miles square if the run exceeds 16,000 acres. If common senße did not tell us that the Legislature never meant anything so absurd, there is the evidence in the phraseology of the proviso itself, which in one part contains the word " block " (a word that has caused all the dispute), and in another the word " holding." Had the word " holding " been used instead of " block," the illiberal interpretation now placed upon the clause would probably never have been thought of. However, the Privy Council has been appealed to, and the decision of that tribunal will be anxiously looked for, as this one cause will determine scores of others of a similar nature, involving rights to property worth in the aggregate hundreds of thousands of pounds. That veteran statesman and scholar, Sir Ed ward Deas- Thomson, has resigned the chancellor* ship of the Sydney University, an office which he has held with honor for about 16 years. He was the third chancellor of our seat of learning. Their Honors Sir James Martin, C.J., and Sir William Manning, are mentioned as candidates for the vacant chair ; and the superior graduates want to have a voice in the election, which at present is solely in the hands of the Senate. They held a meeting immediately after Sir Ed ward tendered his resignation, and passed a reso lution affirming that the time has arrived when the right of electing the Chancellor should be vested in the same body that elects the fellows of the senate—that is, the superior gra duates. The resolution was carried with only one dissentient. Possibly the senate may not see its way clear to make the concession ; but it must come to this in course of time, for the superior graduates will return to the senate only such as are favorable to their demands. Mr. Combes, M.P., Executive Commissioner for New South Wales at the Paris Exhibition, will hardly reach the great fair in time for the opening. The Government have therefore re quested the Agent- General in London, Mr. Foriter, to attend at the opening ceremony to represent the colony. Mr. Combes, much to the annoy ance of a considerable number of his constituents, has left (like Mr. Garrett) without resigning his seat in the Assembly. The hon. C. S. Mem, Poßtmaster-General of Queensland, has had interviews with members of our Government on the subject of the Cable and Postal Conference, to be held in Melbourne on the 25th instant. The report that Colonel Glover was to be chairman of the conference was a telegraphic error. That gentleman will, it is understood, visit Sydney and Brisbane before the conference meets, in order to make himself acquainted with the interests of the colonies. The theatres keep up their attractiveness. Creswick ia playing Cardinal Wolsey in " Henry VIII." at the Victoria; the Darvalls are still at the Royal in sensation drama (playing to small houses); Mrs. Scott- Siddons is doing well at the Queen's with " Our Boyß ;" Rev. Charles Clarke is filling the Masonic Hall every night with his lectures; the Marionettes are in then last week at the School of Arts; and "The Ghost" at the Guild Hall. 