PRESENTIMENTS. (From the Illustrated London News.) ALMrosT everyone has some belief, greater or less, in presentiments; and everyone, with onut exception, must have known many eases in which presentimuents have come true. How and why this is I have lnever seen explained satisfactorily; and it there fore seems almost a duty to try to supply this needed explanation. Whethler it will eeme satisfactory to others I do not know. The old simile of a cloud passing over a landscape on a summer day is, like most old similes, a useful one. I will employ it now to make clear what I mean. Suppose you are sitting in a room, at some distance from thle window, on a bright afternoon; if suddenly tihe light seems to go out of eveey thing-thl garden without to lose its beauty, the colors of pictures and furniture within to fade and grow diull-thoughl there is no caese actually to be seen for this chancge, you know quite well what it is; you are sure that, if you get up and go to the win dow and look at the skiy, you will see that a cloud has just hIidden the sun. You are quite certain of this, because it hIas so often, to your knowledge, happened before ; thoughl you could give no proof, from the objects you can see without moving, that tics is the cause-except tlcat you cannot tlinlk of any otler. Presentiments that come true are gene rally of tlis nature-of presentiments thalnt do not come true I need hardly speak ; they are, as a rule, caused by thle simple fact that you are not well, and tcat your spirits are consequently low. But in real presuenti ments tlere is most usually a wanet of per fect hlonesty. You say to yourself, "I hlave suhel and such causes for being happy, yet I am not happy. I fear some evil, and yet have in reality no cause for fearing it. This is a presentiment." You are not telling yourself the truth; you hlave some cause for fearing evil, though you wvill not avow it. Someone has promised you his aid; but when he promised there was a look upon his face whichl you didnot like ; it is a thing too vnague to tell anyone else, and so you ignore it to yourself; but it is there, and it spoils your happiness. Sometimes indeed this is not exactly a want of honesty to yourself ; it is- accord ing to a theory of Dickens'-a forgetting of first icnpressions. This applies especially to the case just instanced, of a man you cannot-or oughlt not to--enthirely trust. Dickens said that lie found that hIis first im pression of a man was always right ; that if he instinctively disliked him, and was then won by his conversation or manner to like him, in thie ecd he always found that his original mistrust was justified. During his middle stage of confidence then lie probably had a hlrking feeling which-when the man turnaed out badly-Ihe would look back upon as a presentiment. (By the way, Dickens does not, 1 thlink, tell us whether hIis theory was complete-whlether, that is, if he first liked a man and afterwards disliked him, he gencerally ended as lie had begun-reve nant h ses premiers amours.) Thlcere is, it may be noticed, in Nicholas Nickleby and, I fancy, in one or two others of Dickens's books, a curious sort of reversed presentiment-an omen drawn from tIhe apparent utter absence of any presentiment. He makes Ralph Nickleby remember, during the walk hIome on his last evening on eartll, how often men have been noticed to be extremely merry a few hours before their deanth--almost unnaturally merry, perhaps. The use he makes of this superstition is veryfinie-Dickcns's death-scenes are almost always striking-but it is probably a mere superstition. If we go to the great store house of typical facts about human nature -Shakspeare-I do not thlink that we shall find any confirmation of it; on thle pthler hand all remember instances in his tragedies of sad premonition fulfilled-"but thou wouldst not thinkl how ill all's here, about my heart." Closely connected with this subject is, of course, tlhat of forewarning dreams. It is said that a society was formed at Cam bridge some few years ago to examine as far as possible into the evidence of all dream stories and of all ghost stories; that there was in this society a strong sceptical party; and thlat the result of their incvesti gations was what may roughly be stated thus--tley found insufficieut the evidence for all thle ghost stories into whichl they in qu'ircd, except only those (whlich many would call dreamn stories) of people appear ing to tlheir relations or friends at or about the moment of deathl. For many tales of this sort thlere was, it was said, evidence wlichl any unprejudiced mind must ac knowledge to be conclusivec-any mind, that is, of eighteen or nineteen, and not practised ill cross-examination ; for thlis society was, I inmagince, composed of under graduates only. But this particular form of presentiment -a dream warning-- hlappens to be one whichl is certein, by natural accident, to be constantly occurring. This lhas no doubt been proved before; but it is some satisfac tion to shlow once again, " by figures," thant it would really bIe very odd, and quite contrary to the law of averages, if deaths were not pretty frequently told in dreams. To go into thle matter carefully, takling the exact population of Great Britain and the exact percentages required (as fiar as tlhey are ascertainable), would make a very pretty sum-I do not quite kuow in what rule of aritlemetic-wlhieh I aml happy to recommend to the attention of the Dr. Birchels whlose "young gentlemen" lhave lately retucied to tlhem; but a muchl rougher calculation will answer all practical pIurposes. The population of the United Kingdom was, in 1871, according to the census then taken, 81,857,388; and, as we may fairly assume that it has increased 150,000 since that time, we will call it 82,000,000. Of these, probably at least a half are dreamers-- people who dream either frequently or rarely; babies, of course, cannot be supposed to dream in telligibly, though, on rovanchle, I think children rathler older dream more, and more vividly, than grown-up people. Of these sixteen nillion dreamers some dream regcularly overy night, otlers very rarely indeed; but it will probably be conceded that of people who dream at all tihe aver age dream quite once in'ten niglhts. (That they remember these dreams is not affirmed; only that, if one of them comnies true, it then returns to their memory.) This gives one million six hundred dreams per night in England, Scotland, Ireland, and the Chaalnl Islainds., Now, there are certain people-.gener-. ally of excitable and vivid imagination whose visions are never of the prosaic folk they lknowv in this world, but are either of demons or fabulous beings, or perhapls of scenery or other impersonal things. These people are however I imagine, a small minority; and it is mere generosity which makes me limit the dreams about actual existent beings to one-half of the total number. And of those dreams about per soins I think it nuay bie assumed-though it is, of course, impossible to prove it-- tlhat at tihe very least one per cent. are dlreams of death. For one dceamns most of people one has special cause to be interested in, and there can be nio more special cause than their serious ilhhess. Thus, there are eight thousand dreams of death in a night in Great Britain (many of them suggested by the knowledge tlhat the person dreamed of is ill)-thero are, that is, nearly three millions in a year l Whan t wonder that a very considerable number of these come true, and are made a fuss about, t~he rest being forgotten ? Whant wonder if there be among them every now an?l then a coincidence so startling that it is said to " prove," once for all, the truth of presuentiments ! 