IN THE BARBER'S SHOP. Br JIGARO. "u bave gathered a poeio of other men's flowers, ond, nothing but the throad that binds them is ,nine own. OTAIG. -I ROPE I shall not receive from any of my readers one of those anti-poking. :your -nose- into -other - people's - businoss cords, because I now take .the liberty of remindiOg them that on to-day and to morrow they will be solicited to cast their *ites into the fund for the relief of their sick and afflicted brethren. I will,, how-. ever, do no more than thus mention the matter, being cognisant of the fact that an appeal on this subject appears in another nart of to day's paper-an appeal to which ffeelsure one and all will respond as libera'ly as circumstances permit. Only in deciding how much you shall give, permit me to remind you that "the liberal heart deviseth liberal .things," and that if you measure your contributions in accordance therewith, the result cannot fail to be eminently satisfactory. I'm quite sure that so far we Victorians have no reason to be ashamed of our liberality in this direciton. I see from an English newspaper received by the last muil, tbat the sum raised on Hospital Sunday this year in London and its suburbs was £25,000. Our last year's contribution was as near as possible one fourth of that sum. Reckoning these amounts relatively to the populations by which they were contributed, they cer tainly seem to me to afford us legitimate scope for a little" blow." Respect for " constituted authority" doesn't seem to be over-rife in Williams town. At least, if I may judge by the following notification, which a customer of mine visiting that lively village recently observed posted on a fence, and copied for your edification : R. Creike, Boot and Shoe Maker.'" and underneath, on a separate board " The [stupidity of the Borough Council caused the removal of the above notice from the adjoining verandah to this fence. -1st July, 1878." It's jlst posi~bleb however, that what Mr. Creike nomnates " stnpidity," the Borough Council might call by some less harsh term. It has been often asserted that were there no pigeons there would be no howks. Literally, perhaps, this may not be correct, because, felling pigeons, the hawks would no noubt find other inoffensive birds to prey upon. But figuratively the saying contains a good deal of sound sense. For instance, if there were no persons capable of being easily swindled, there would beno cievaliers d'iedustrie to victimise them. It's the opportunities offered for roguery that breed rogues. I think this could hardly be, made more clear than by the ease with which two tradesmen at Emerald hill have lately been fleeced. One of these,-in order to sell a bottle of wine to a perfect stranger, cashed a cheque for £9, and the other, gave £83 19s. 8d. and a plug of tobacco for a £4 cheque. Of course, both cheques turned out to be forgeries. I wouldn't write one word in defence of people who thus live by their wits, 'but I must say that for tradesmen who cash cheques in so careless a manner I've very little sympathy. The company which has secured the right of "promoting" the railway brake invented by Mr. Woods has offer'ed the free use of it on the Government railways. All they ask in return is, that should it turn out to be as valuable as it is alleged it will, then at some future time the authorities shall take into consideration the question of pecuniarily remunerating them. Now I object to the State making such a pig-in-a-poke bargain. I do not complain that they have allowed Mr. Woods opportunities of testing his brake that would assuredly have been refused to a less influential inventor. Neither will I object to their granting still further opportunities of proving by practice whether the brake is or is not a good one. But supposing it to turn out valuable, then I would have the company repay to the uttermost farthing all the money which has been expended in experiments, and the Government, if- they decide upon adopting it, pay to the company full market value for its use. The colony is not yet so poor that it need seek to enrich itself by sponging on the brains of Mr. Woods, or Mr. Anybody Else. And with respect to- the instrusent Iknown variously as a " break " or " brake," I observe that some of the daily papers have discarded the former spelling of the word, and adopted the latter. Herein I think they have done wisely. I never could understand why " break " came into such general use. The balance of diction ary evidence has always seemed to me to be in favour of ' brake," and I'm therefore glad tist that orthography is in future to be adopted. There are two of my customers agree ment between whom about the weather seems perfectly impossible. One of them likes it hot, the other cold. 'When the north wind blows, Iceberg complains that he is being melted' away, and when the west wind roars Tropic complains that his blood is being "frin" in his veins. The sudden variations of temperature - which have occurred during-the past week or ten dais hove tried these 'oorthies severely; and really this is not to be wondered at, for the jumps we have-been treated to from heat to cold, and from cold back again to heat, are certainly most trying. A little settled weather, of one kind or the other, would be most acceptable. I' was recently Introduced to a most estimable lady. In the course of conversa tion we discovered that several persons who had almost passed out of our rocollec tionss hlad been mutual friends. ' After indulging in reminiscences about some of thesemy lady- friend inquired of me w ver knew a certain rev. gentle man. 'VDo you mean the Rev. Plain Phic P "- Irejosned; "lbecause if you do, I was well acquainted with Isim; and Iso was certainly, ovithout exception, one-of the plaiiOt- looking men I ever cast eyes on." That's the man," was the reply; '" and I can tell you a laughable story concerning him. - I once went to hearihim preach in a church where he was reljetying the. regular miniiisteiri neSday OnP: P entering the pulpit ,-one of twao alittle boys Ssitting immediatelyi n front bursktinto an riuncontrollable fit of laughter, which itiook him ·some few ·minutes~ tW repress. After the se'vice, P. P. requested the offender and his companion to be brought into the estry to him. *Why' he asked the cnchinnatory youth, 'did you disturb the congregation bylaughing when I entered the pulpit?' No reply was vouchsafed, and the query was repeated. Still silence. 'Come, I must know; now tell me.' ' Well, sir,' stammered out the delinquent, 'when you. got in the pulpit, Bill Blank nudged me and said, ' Did you ever see such a hugly beggar ! '." Plain Phis laughed heartily at this unstudied compliment to his lack of beauty, and dismissed the offenders without punishment. It was this same minister who, being out of a regular settlement, travelled through the country delivering a course of lectures on the History of Palestine. At the town where I resided he advertised his entertainment by sending round a furni ture van with a smsll band of musicians. After these had attracted attention by discoursing anything but sweet music, the town crier made proclamation that the Rev. Plain Phiz would that evening1 lecture on Palestine, with illustrative views; and then read the heads of the intended lecture. One of these had reference to the Valley of. ehosaphat. Now the T. C. was not a very literate mai, and he bawled this out in stentorian tones as "the Valley of Joseph's Fat !" And amongst P. P.'s friends in that town, he, thourgh a lean man, was ever after known as "Joneph's Fat." The soubriquet stuck to him like a leech. There seems to be a wonderful power of vitality in ghosts, No sooner is one laid than another springs up - That South Yarra one which frightened so many old women and children had scarcely dis appeared from the scene, and I was con gratulating myself on a little peace, when news came to me that a ghost had been seen in St. Kilda. Fortunately, the sup posed apparition made itself visible to some friends of mine whom it wouldn't be very easy to alarm; so they, instead of running away frightened, followed up the clue, and solved the mystery. The facts as furnished to me run thus: The three gentlemen in question were walking to gether in a very lonely part of St. Kilda. Suddenly there rushed up to them a man, who asserted in very scared tones that he had just " seen a ghost." Arming them selves, one with a piece of stone, and another with a long knife, a move in search was made in the direction indicated by the alarmed informant. Suddenly, one of the three exclaimed, " There it is l there it is l" And' sure enough;in the gloaming a white, spectral figure was. seen gliding along. Nothing daunted, the trio "went for" this figure at accelerated pace. But as they quickened their movements so did the ghost. Then the pursuers put on an extra " spurt," with the satisfaction of finding thatthey were gaining upon the pursued. Preparing to roughly test whether it was a material or immaterial object they were hunting, theirintention was arrested by a shrill and agonising scream ! Had my friends been faint hearted men that wail would have sent them off quickly in an opposite direction. But being made of sterner stuff, they persisted in their determination to solve the problem-and their persistence was rewarded. What they had been chasing was no visitant from the other world, but simply a frightened servant-girl, who was almost alarmed out of her wits at being thus chased by three stalwart members of the male sex l When fairly run to ground, the imaginary ghost said, "Oh, you did frighten me awfully l" I believe every ghost story is capable of as satisfactory a solution as this one. Tho St. Kilda Sailing Club held its annual meet. ing on Monday evening at the George Hotel. The report and balance-sheet were read by the seeretary. The chairman (Mr. P. Oakdon), moved their adop tioneand congratulated the members on the sue coao whioh had attended them in past, and trusted that the members would be further stimulated in their exeetions to encourage boating at St. Kilda. He urged that they would still continue to exert tlhemselves in procuring the euppot and encourage ment of the residents of the district. He was glad to mention that the alterations and oetonsions which were at present going on at the pier were of sueh a nature as would afford sulicient shelted for all the bouts of the club, as well as mooring ground for yachts or other croft which owners may be disposed to keep at St. Kilda. Tiho report and balance-sheet were unanimously adopted. The election of ollicees for the ensuing season was then proceeded with. Mr R. Hill was unanimously chosen as commodore, while Dr J. Cook asd Mr W. Collier were elected to the ofices of vicecom modore and captain respectirely. Messrs P. Oak den and William Andersosi, the retiring treasurer and secretory, were re-elected, viz., Messrs F. Bartlass, F. Richardson, F. A. Sicap, and W. Collier. It was decided to hold the opening day of the season on the 2Sd November. The meeting terminated with a vote of thanks to the chair man. In thle Central Criminal Court, on Wednesday, Joseph Guthridge was charged with having com mitted a capital assault on feit stepdaughter, Eliza both Robinson, a girl13 years of age. The alleged offence was committed at St. Kilda on the night of the 16th 1August last. · The prisoner's wife (motther oftthe girl) had left the house tlhatlafternoon owing to a quarrel witla prisoner. But at the time it was stated that tie prisoner had assaulted the child there snero tiso other persons in the place-a rwomana named Trousdoll and a man named Sheard. Sheard had since lof the eountry, and Trousdoll stated ehe did not hear any cries from the girl on that night i but the girl said that-neither of them was sober. The girl afterwards complained to her mother, who caused her to be oramined by Dr Neild and Dr Dompstpr, but the medical evidence was not strong ensougl to iupport the capital charge The jury after a short deliberation returned a verdict of not guilty, and thoe prisoner was dis elsarged. In the Insolvent Cousrt,gn e the 11th ioaetoit motion for the release from court of tiee estato of Henry Park Wilson, of Soutl Yarra, a copora tion overerer, was adjourned for a week for further fildarite. 