COUNTRY NEWS. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH) (races on OWN coititEäPOhDEMä ) MALDON, YVPDSMDU The fire brigades of the district held their annual demonstration today and He competitions were carried out in a most complete manner the president of the shire (Mr Marshall) acting as starter The following brigades were represented - Temperance and Long Gully, Sandhurst Castlemaine, Mary borough, and Mation the result of the competition was a follows -Double hose practice M yards -Maldon 1, 55sec , Temperance _' ry& Ladder and hose practice, IJO yards lem perancel SUsec Maldon 2 50sec I engine practice, 100 y words Maldon 1, 48sec Mary borough 2 OOsec , Temperance and castle maine did not compete Representative we practice 100yards-Maldon lessee Castlemaine 2, 32sec The day was all that could be desired and the proceedings were tri nessed by a large number of people among, whom was Mr Service, who received a neara welcome from his constituents SALE, WEDNSDAY The newly built Roman Catholic churches Briagolong" was consecrated to day l) Ar n bishop Goold, assisted by the Very Rev J Fitzpatrick, rather Carroll, and Joe Byrne 'The church is a neat and simple structure of Briagolong freestone, at a centre of the township facing the road I Valencia Creek, and great) enhance the picturesque appearance of the prettiest UM scape w within 20 miles of Sale ,",,__, A mob of 120 fine horses left Sale jute m care of Mc'Namara consigned to M CHoy Mourview paddocks A rush occurred last week at held at a place situated tatBecnOneMton.l.uB and Wattle Gully. The sinking (state a Avoca Mail) is Oft. deep, rub off or a, hard cement to go through, and so? obtained is said to be of a IX is similar to that obtained for the Campion, lead. The ground has not been a wog before, except by the prospectors, wl ott. Wil for four or five months engaged on out right up to the pure breed property 0 Cartwright. On Tuesday a yield 01 into the tub was obtained , -,;".( The Egerton correspondent, of the * fa, relates that on last was " met a little girl, about seventy years of age. a " Bess). the daughter of Mr 1 season ", son, had a miraculous escape from through falling down theidIdJ°nan M shaft, sunk upon an almost perpetual drive to the depth of 100 J-"" 'b ve, members of Mr \\\atkinson.a tan " ^ saying that if they walk 20lbs V "" than nine times ghost was lm<WffthU occasion, having performed the itu little Bessy tottered and fell into 'B 3 mouth Her sister LilY, a bye" Vk" took cask 2 clutched hold of her dress, but 3 5s |w on his i retain her hold for more than a, few sad " and the poor child went head forest 2 and the poor. child went near, by . the shaft, The children "1,1 gT,,diiiici and told their mother The 'sugar c ""di of the child appeared upon ^Osrcccqnu,.,i,o¿ rope having been brought into Jii on the father ?*«^* sheds the Will his thankfulness to discover a tour i boughs thrown in by boys , c, out Sit, »"VotMf door 2 sale 50ft below the surface and upon 7, from the severe fright and s for ," "urn: lively Blight accuses the little fun for, jured What makes the escape n)j providential is that theory' by which she rested T d, $^1,j hauled of her father, and both had gone to the surface together ___«A^?Ï_£3 cars, without loss of says that some of the officers failed to resume leftS Printed and t^X^ÇÊ^ Sr^SeîbS or VttMt a" I proprietors. I 