Flotsam and Jetsam. About Magnanimous-Incident Literature. (From the Atlantic Monthly.) MARK TWAIN. *This is probably a misprint.—M.T. ALL my life, from boyhood up, I have had the habit of reading a certain set of anecdotes, written in the quaint vein of The World's ingenious Fabulist, for the lesson they taught me they taught and the pleasure they gave me. They lay dwayß convenient to my hand, and whenever I thought meanly of my kind I turned to them, snd they banished that sentiment; whenever I felt my self to be selfish, sordid, and ignoble I turned to them, and they told me what to do to win baok my self- respect. Many times I wished that the charming anecdotes had not stopped with their happy climaxes, but had continued the pleasing history of the several benefactors and beneficiaries. This wish rose in my breast so persistently that at last I determined to satisfy it by seeking out the sequels of those anecdotes myself. So I set about it, and after great labor and tedious research accomplished my task. I will lay the result before you, giving you each anecdote' in its turn, and following it with its sequel as I gathered it through my investiga* tiona. THX GRATEFUL POODLB. One day a benevolent phyrician (who had road the books), having found a stray poodle suffering from a broken leg, conveyed the poor creature to his home, snd after setting and bandaging the injured limb gave the little out oast its liberty again, and thought no more about the matter. But how great was his surprise, upon opening his door one morning, some dsys later, to find the grateful poodle patiently writing there, and in its company another stray dog, one of whose legs, by some accident, had been broken. The kind physician at once re lieved the distressed animd, nor did he forget to admire the inscrutable goodness and mercy of God, who had been willing to use so humble an instrument as the poor outcast poodle for the in culcating of, eta, etc., etc. OQTJsX. The next morning the benevolent phyrician found the two dogs, beaming with gratitude, waiting at his door, and with them two other dogs—cripples. The cripples were speedily healed, and the four went their way, leaving the benevolent physician more overcome by pious wonder than ever. The day passed, the morning came. There at the door sat now the four reconstructed dogs, and with them four others requiring reconstruction. This day also passed, and another morning came; and now sixteen dogs, eight of them newly crippled, occupied the sidewdk, and tbe people were going around: By noon the broken legs were all set, but the pious wonder in the good phyrioUn'S: breast waa beginning to get mixed with involun tary profanity. The sun rose once more* and exhibited thirty-twO dogs, sixteen of them with broken legs, occupying the sidewalk and half of the street; the human spectators took up the rest of the room. The cries of the wounded, the songs of the heded brutes, and the com ments of the on-looking citizens made great and inspiring cheer, but traffic was interrupted in that street The good physician hired a couple of 'assistant surgeons snd got through his benevo lent work before dark, first taking the precau tion to cancel his church membership, so that he might express himself with the latitude which the case required. But some things have their limits. • When once more the morning dawned, and the good phyrician looked out upon a massed and far* reaching multitude of olamorous and beseeching dogs, he sdd, " I might as well acknowledge it, I have been fooled by the books; they only tell the pretty part of the story, and then stop. Fetch me the shot-gun ; this thing has gone dong far enough." He issued forth with his weapon, and chanced to step upon the tail of the original poodle, who promptly bit him in the leg. Now the great and good work which this poodle had been engaged in had engendered in him such a mighty and augmenting enthusiasm as to. turn his weak head at last and drive him mad. A month later, when the benevolent phyrician lay in the death throes of hydrophobia, he called his weeping friends about him, and sdd— "Beware of tbe books. They tell but half of the story. Whenever t poor wretch asks you for help, and you feel a doubt as to what result may flow frqm your benevolence, give yourself the benefit of tbe doubt and kill the applicant." And bo saying he turned his face to the wall and gave up the ghost THK BENEVOLENT AU~IOB. A poor and young literary beginner had tried in vdn to get his manuscripts accepted. At last, when the horrors of starvation were staring him in the face, he ldd his sad case before a celebrated author, beseeching his counsel and assistance. This generous man immediately put aside his own matters and proceeded to peruse one of the despised manuscripts. Having com pleted his kindly task, he shook the poor young man cordially by the hand, saying, " I perceive merit in this ; come again to me on Monday." At the time specified, the celebrated author, with a sweet smile, but saying nothing, spread open a magazine which was damp from the press. What was the poor young man's astonishment to discover upon the printed page his own article ? "How can I ever," add he, falling upon his knees and bursting into tears, "testify my gratitude for this noble conduct!" The cele brated author was the renowned Snodgrass; the poor young beginner thus rescued from obscurity and starvation was the afterwards equally re nowned Snagsby. Let this pleasing incident admonish us to turn charitable ear to all beginners that need help. .Bxqtrxx The next week Snagsby was back with five rejected manuscripts. The celebrated author was a little surprised, because in the books the young struggler hnd needed but one lift, apparently. However, he ploughed through these papers, removing unnecessary flowers and digging up some acres nf adjective-stumps, and then succeeded in getting two of the articles accepted. A week or so drifted by, and the grateful i Snagsby arrived with another* cargo. The ode bratedauthorhad felta mighty glow of satisfaction within himself the first time he had successfully befriended the poor young struggler, and had i compared himself with the generous people in : the books with high gratification ; but he was | beginning to suspect now that he had Btruck I upon something fresh in the noble-episode line. His enthusiasm took a chilL Still, he could not | bear to repulse this struggling young author, | who clung to him with such pretty simplicity i and trustfulness. j Well, the upshot of it all was that the ode* I brated author presently found himself per manently freighted with the poor young beginner. All his mild efforts to unload his cargo went for | nothing. He had to give daily counsel, daily i encouragement; he had to keep on procuring magazine acceptances, and then revamping the manuscripts to make them presentable. When the young aspirant got a start at last, he rode into sudden fame by describing the celebrated author's private life with such a caustic humor and such minuteness of blistering detail that, the book sold a prodigious edition, and broke the. celebrated author's heart with mortification. | With his latest gasp he add, "Alas, the books ! deceived me ; they do not tell the whole story. Beware of the struggling young . author, my friends. Whom God Bees fit to starve, let not man presumptuously rescue to his own undoing." THK OBATZFOL HUSBAND. ' ' One day a lady was driving through, the principal street of a great dty with her little, boy, when the horses took fright and dashed madly away, hurling the coachman from his box and leaving the occupants of the carriage' paralyzed with terror. But a brave youth who was driving a grocery waggon threw himself before the plunging animals, and succeeded in arresting their flight at the peril of his own.* The grateful lady took his number, and upon arriving at her home she related the heroic act. to her husband (who had read the books), who listened with streaming eyes to the moving recital, and who, after returning thanks, in con junction with his restored loved ones, to Him who cuffereth not even a sparrow to fall to the ground unnoticed, sent fo*r the. brave young' Grson, and placing a cheque for f 500 in his nd, said, "Take this as a reward for your noble act, William Ferguson, and if ever you shall need a friend, remember that Thompson. McSpadden has a grateful heart" Let us learn from this that a good deed cannot fdl to benefit, the doer, however humble he may be. bbq—&. William Ferguson called the next week and asked Mr. McSpadden to use his influence to get him a higher employment he feeling capable" of better things than drivtog a grocer's wsggon. Mr. McSpadden got him an tinder-clerkship at a goodsdary. - - './ Presently William Ferguson's mother feUriek. and William—Well, to out tbe story short, Mr. McSpadden consented to take her 'into his house. Before long she yearned for the sidstyv of her younger children; so Mary and JuUa were admitted also, and little Jimmy, their brother. Jimmy had a pocket-knife, and he wandered into the drawing-room with it one day, done, and reduced $10,000 worth of furniture to an indeterminable vdue in rather less than three quarters of an hour. A day or two later be' fell down-stairs and broke bis neck, and seventeen of his family's relatives came to the house toettorid the funeral This made them acquainted, and they kept the kitchen occupied after that, and likewise kept the MoSpsddens busy hunting up ntuations of various sorts for them, and. bunting np more when they wore these out The old woman drank a good deal and Bwore a good ded ;' but the grateful MoSpaddens knew it was- their duty to reform her, considering what her son had done for them, so they clave nobly to their generous task. William came often and got decreasing sums of money, and asked for higher and more lucrative employments—which the grateful MoSpadden more or less promptly pro cured for him. McSpadden consented also, after some demur, to fit William for college; but when the first vacation came, and the hero -re quested to be sent to Europe for his hedtb, the persecuted McSpadden rose against the tyrant and revolted. He plainly and squarely refused; William Ferguson's mother was so astounded that she let her gin bottle drop, and her profane lips refused to do their office. When she re covered she sdd in a half-gasp, "Is this your gratitude ? Where would your wife and boy be now but for my son f William sdd, "Is this your gratitude ? Did I save your wife's life or not ? tell me that!" Seven relations swarmed in from the kitchen and each said, "And this is his gratitude I" William's sisters stared, bewildered, and sdd; "And this is hia grat " but were inter rupted by their mother, who bunt into tears and exclaimed, "To think that my sainted little Jimmy threw away his life in the service of suoh a reptile!" Then the pluck of the revolutionary McSpadden rose to the occasion, and he replied with fervor, " Out of my house, tbe whole beggarly tribe of you ! I was beguiled by the books, but shall never be beguiled again—once ia sufficient for me." And turning to William he shouted, "Yes, you did save my wifs's life, and the next mad that does it shall die in his tracks 1" Extract from the life of Lord Pdmerston by the hon. Evelyn Ashley, M.P., vol 11, page 298.— " When for the purpose of preparing papers for Parliament or from any other cause of pressure, the hours of work in some department of the Foreign Office were unusually prolonged, Lord Palmerston used to s-nd for a list of the clerks who had been so detained, and would convey to them individually his thanks and his appreciation of their work. I find notes put away docketed ' Names of Foreign Office clerks who Bat up' for such and such a purpose. It is not every chief who, in tbe middle of dl bis engrossing employ ments, would trouble himself about the share each individual under him had taken in the general work." We commend the above fact to the consideration of some Queensland Ministers, who are not perhaps as great as old " Pam," and probibly could spare more time for bo good an object 