W^k^^t^^i AM OPEN VERDKH.: -^Takbn- at 'imp .Tmod^ -*? J)kab Hurt: ' 8hobs,'* Wbavhbb aki- Wsftf&c; ?. Chai*teb XLTL4-A.W^ixi*G' March. \ Bella's marriage was to take place on the last day of October. Jit had been laid down from the beginning that it was to be ft very ^uiet weddings There *yas a newness and ferightness abwat &at; splendid monument : t» the late Mas. Upef in' tittle Tafford . churchyard which seemed to forbid high : iinfcs At - Sir. Piper's second nuptials. ?'People might talk,' as Mrs. Scratchell said, happily ignorant that people were talking about Her ^ughter and:Mr. Pipe? -with all their might already. . 'r Hardly anybody was te be invited to the wedding. This was what Mr. Piper and everybody else concerned kept on saying, yet every day £ome fresh invitation was given. Mr. Piper had; a good many friends among the jsanuf acturing . classes, innume iabk- middle-aged .men with red faces and expansive wa£tcoats- every one of whom ?was, 'byiis own -shewing, the oldest friead hejhad. These, one by one, were bidden, ?with their wives end families, 'the more the merrier.' -In «*o case was the invitation premeditated, but it came naturally firotn Mr. Piper's lips when he met an old ac quaintance on ^Change, or in the club-house at Great Yafford. ' Never ruind, my dear,' he said, apolo getically to Bella, 4i they are all carriage people, 'and they'll make a fine show at the church door.' ' But I thought we were going into ?county society,' said Bella. 'So we are, my pet ; but we aren't going to cut old friends. There's Joe Wigzell, the jolliest fellow I know, and making twelve thousand a year out of hatrlinings. Mrs. 'Wigzell's a perfect|lady, and there's a Jine family of grown-up daughters. You ?«ught to know the Wigzells.' ' I think if you want to be in county society you'll have to give up your Wig zells/' said Bella. ' They won't mix.' ' But they must mix,' cried Mr. Piper. 4i I -shall make it worth their while to mix. Such dinners as I shall give will bring the two classes together ? ' ' Lite oil and vinegar,'' said Bslla, who was a little out of humor with her affianced. These invitations of Mr. Piper's, giveu -at random, had swelled the wedding party ?into an alarming number. Poor Mrs. Scratchell was troubled in mind as to how she could seat: her guests. There was a difficulty about the tables. Bat Mr. Piper rmade light of everything. He would have no cutting and contriving, no humble de vices of Mrs. Scratchell's, no home-made pastry. He went to Great Yafford and contracted with the principal confectioner of that town to supply everything, from the tables and decorations down to the salt spoons. The breakfast was to be a magnificent banquet at a guinea a head, exclusive of .wines, and Mr. Piper was to write a cheque for everything. This arrangement pleased everybody except Bella, whose pride was keenly ^'wounded bv it. ' You have; made a pauper of me among you,' she cried angrily, to the family circle, on the night before her wedding. ' I had rather have had the quietest, amplest breakfast that mother could have arranged — with the Dulcimers and Beatrix Hare field for our only visitors— than all this finery paid for by Mr. Piper.' '* Fiddlesticks,5' exclaimed Mr. Scratchell. ' You weren't ashamed to take his money for your wedding clothes. .Why. should you be ashamefl .of his paying for your -wedding breakfast ? I hate such humbug.' ?' I have a little pride left,' said JBella. ' Very little, I«hould think,' answered lier father, ' and what,-you have doasn't be come you. It's like the peacock's feathers on the jackdaw. %&u-; weren't born with it.' ' Come upstairs and let us try on the wedding bonnets,' said Clementina. ' Aiid be kind and nice, BeUa. Recollect it is -youiviasL night at borne.' 'Thank God for $kat, at any rate,' ejaculated Bella piously. The house had been itsransformed by an artificial and almost awhsl tidiness. Every- \ thing had been put away. The swept and \ garnished rooms were scarcely habitable. ' I never saw such discomfort,' cried Mr. Scratchell, looking dieeontentedy round his office, which smelt of soft -soap, and was cleaner than he had ever seen it in his life. His papers had all been stowed away, he knew not *where. Valuable leases and .agreements might have been thrust into obscure corners where they would be for gotten. The^svhole process horrified him. 'You. oughtn't to have touched my office,' he said-, ' business is business.' ?'«I couldn't help it,' pleaded Mrs. Scrat chell. '* The rnea from. Great Yafford said ?we must have a room for the gentlemen to put their hats and things, so I was obliged to give them this. You have no idea how they order us abojit. And then they asked me where they were to put your things, .and almost before I told them — aud while I was so flurried I scarcely knew what I was Baying— your papers and tin boxes were all swept off.' ?*' And pray where are they ?' demanded Mr. ScratcheU, furiously. 'I— don't be angry, Ssretehell. I couldu't Jielp it. They're .ail safe— quite, quite safe —in the hayloft.' ' Where the rats;are eatisg the HareSeld leases, no doubt,' said Mr. SeratchelL 'It's for a short i$me, de*ff,' said Mri Scrajbchell^pothinglr. ' We'll Jiave every thing back in its place the dagr after to morrow ; and I don't thigk rats like parch ment/' The sweddingday dawnect, and to*U that busy and excited household itbe sky seemed to be of another color and the atmosphere of another quality ifean the. «ky and at mosphere ef common days. The Scratched girls rose with -the lark, #r rather witii the disappearance of the cockroaches in the old r kitchen, where those ttaek gentlemen ! scampered off to their holes, like Hamlet's ghost ' at cdckcmw. The younger sister* were in higi&^i^its. The idea of an inordi nately rich bother-in Jaw opened a new hemisphere of delight. What picnics and carpet :danceg and other dissipations Bella could provide rar ^hem when sWj waj rnis£j ?weTe to wear handsome ''^iresses for the- \ first time in theirtive«i=ttre8ses of Bella's \ pio^Jding.- Afi biideaiiAids^ltey^were im- \ portant features in iiwihtoW. cThe maid- ? -£-all-workwaa »ro less excitedi She, too, , was to wear a fine dr«88j and she had the ' : prospect of unlimited flirtation with the; ; young men' from tius! pastrycook's. ' She; ; brought ^the gafe an early cup of :tea- and helped them to fiait their hair; - Ordinary - phutswo«ad-iiot do for to-day. fl Til have, mine plaited ; in ten, if you can inasagejit, BaUy,Mjsaid\Fldra. ..^And/pa, have , niine in the Grecian plait,' saidOlementina. *f ivtemft ? know wrhaf e the: matter with Mass Beller^ said Ibbf ai-Mifl Sally. ' Ws 'Biyljefief 'she has Jbe^n crying. «11 night. Her eyes- are as red as pickled cabbage. All loan sav if she isn't fond of Mr. Piner she ?ought to be. Such a -free-spoken, open banded gentleman!' Mr/Piper was intensely popular in the Scratchell household. Nobody considered that Bella was sacrificing herself in marry ing so charming a man. His fifty years, his puffiness, his coarse red hands, about which Nature had made a trifling mistake and supplied thumbs in place of fingers, his bald head with its garnish of iron-»rey bristles — all. these things went for nothing. He had won everybody's favor except, per haps, that of his young bride. At a quarter to eleven everybody was . ready. Mr. Scratchell in an entire .new suit, which circumstance was such a novelty t« him that he felt as if lie had T-een changed in his sleep, like the tinker in the old story. Mrs. Scratchell, flushed and ner vous, tightly encased in a shining purple silk gown, which made' her presence felt as a mass of vivid color wherever she ap peared, like a new-stained glass window in an old church. The bridesmaids looked bright and pretty in sky-blue, with wreaths of forget-me-nots round their white chip bonnets. The boys wore sleek broadcloth like their father's, buff waistcoats, and laven der trousers. Everything was intensely new. They all stood in the hall waiting for . the bride, and contemplating each other cu riously, like strangers. u I never thought father could have come out so good-looking,' whispered Clementina to her eldest brother. ' I sliould hardly have known him.' ' Ah ! ' ejaculated Herbert, ' money makes all the difference.' They felt as if they were all going to be rich now. It was not Bella only who went up in the social scale. Her family ascended with her. Even the faithful domestic drudge, Sally, rejoiced at the change in her fortunes. The fragments that fell to her share after the family dinner would be dain tier and more plentiful. Her scanty wages would be more secure. At last Bella came down, in glistening white apparel, clouded over with lace. The delicate taste which had always been hers — the instinctive refinement in all external things which made her mother say that Bella had been a lady from, her cradle — had regulated her wedding dress. She looked as pure and aerial as some pale spring floweret, tremulous upen its slender stem. Her family bowed down and wor shipped her, like Joseph's brethren, as re presented in the vision of the sheaves. ' God bless you, my pet,' cried her father, in an unprecedented burst of affec tion. 'It is something to have such a beauty as you in one's family.' The gray old chancel was like a bed of gaudy tulips, so varied aud so brilliant were the dresses of Mr. Piper's manufae- j turing friends, waiting impatiently to 1 behold him at the altar. ' Among all these ' bright colors and startling bonnets Beatrix Harefield in her gray silk dress aud old Brussels lace looked like a creatui'e belonging to another world. All the manufacturing people noticed her and wanted to know who that distinguished looking young lady was. Mrs. Dulcimer and Beatrix had the vicarage pew all to - themselves. Presently the bride entered the porch leaning on her father's arm, pale against the whiteness of her bridal dress. Mr. Piper, crimson with agitation, and breath ; ing a little harder than usual, hurried for ward to receive her. He offered her his arm. The four bridesmaids f ollowed two and two, the organist played a spirited .march, and the business of the day began. Bella gave the responses in a clear, firm little voice. Mr. Piper spoke them with gruff decision. Mr. Dulcimer read the service beautifully, but Mr. Piper's manu facturing friends hardly appreciated the 'Vicar's deliberate and impressive style. They would rather have had the service Tattled off with modern celerity, so that they might get to the wedding breakfast. 'If :there's any hot onfries they'll be spoiled,' whispered Mrs. Wigzell, the hat lining manufacturer's wife, to Mrs. Pork man, whose husband was in the provision line. 'I'm beginning to feel quite faint,' answered Mrs. Porkinan. ' Getting up so early and coming so far. It's too trying for a weak constitution.' *' Did you ever see such a young thing ?' asked Mrs. Wigzell, indicating the bride with a motion of her head. Mrs. Porkmatfs only answer was a pro found sigh. ' What can be expected f roin such an unsuitable marriage ? ' demanded Mrs. Wigzell, stall in a whisper. ' After such a sensible wife as poor Moggie, too.' ' Oh, my dear, Moggie Piper never rose to the level of her position,' answered Mrs. Porkman. And now all was over; and for ever and .ever — or, at least for the ever and ever of :this lower world — Ebenezer Piper and Isabella Scratchell -were made one. What ever the incongruity of the union, the thing was done. Disgrace or death only could loosen the knot. The organ crashed out the tremendous chords «f the Wedding March, and every body looked delightedat the near prospect of fjsseakfast. People crowded into the vestry to see Bella and her husband sign the register. There was much kissing of bride and bridesmaids, while poor Mrs. Scratchell, ?wedged into a corner by the vestry door, wept a shower of hot tears over her' purple dress. *l I hope shell be happy,' she ejaculated. 'Marri8gei6 * solemn thing. God grant she inay be happy.' ; And* in her inmost heart the mother prayfed and feared lest all should aot be well witblher daughter in this marriage, which ehe as well as her husband bad striven so hard io bjiDg to pass. 'We Mtb done .^^Tjhs^m^^-Bhs. I toldliereeftj^andMr. Piper ,is akmdgood I ^jfe't^terMl lheartv jthcillejiL wi£h pride present^ e&33ie church doorrwhen she eaw tise- manm^actuxing people's' -»rriages, ^he sleek weU-gi«MOtoe.d horses|€he smart live ries, the confiequentlal co^lunen and pam pered footmen. ^T^C^m-r jL, Xpng^ time getting away from the church, and there wasargpod.dealiOf fuss and isome offence given to punctilious minds in bringing the carriages .-tp ' £he ipbrcti. '? Mrs. Poitenatfs landau came \j^or^'.^^:^ljl}ff^^yfbich. was wrong, as everybody knows that hat linings rank before.; rprovisions^i and; the great Mr. Timperley of the Linseed Mills— quite the most important person present was 4eft 'with his aggrieved wife and daughter till nearly the last.. However they all got off ultimately, and five minutes brought them to Mr. Scratchell's. door. The breakfast was laid on /two long i tables in the common parlor;, the best i parlor did duty as a reception-room, and ; for the display of the wedding presents, which were exhibited on a side table, quite a dazzling array. Mr. Piper's friends had all sent offerings, 6caly golden snakes with emerald or jruby eyes,.mother-o'-pearl enve lope boxes, filagree bouquet holders, loekets, fans, personal finery of all kinds. To the bride of a gentleman in Mr. Piper's firmly established position, no one could think of offering the butter dishes and dessert knives, claret jugs and fish carvers, which sxe presented to modest young couples just setting up in domestic business. Bella's presents were therefore all of a strictly useless character. Beatrix gave her a set of pearl ornaments, Mrs. Dulcimer a dress ing-case. The Vicar's gift was a Bible in an 'exquisite antique binding, and a pocket edition of Shakespeare. u You need never be at a loss for some thing worth reading while you have those two books, my dear,' he told Bella when he presented them. The breakfast was a success. The Great Yafford confectioner had done his duty. There were perigord pies, and barley sugar temples, heeatombs of -poultry and game, highly decorated hams and tongues, trifles, jellies, creams, hothouse fruit, ices, wafers, coffee and liqueurs. To the minds of the young Scratchells it was the most wonder ful feast. They played havoc among all the dishes, reckless of after consequences. Such a banquet as that was well worth the cost of a bilious attack. The wines had all come from the Park, and were the choicest in Mr. Piper's collection. *' There's a flavior about that 'ock.' said Mr. Porkman, smacking his lips approv ingly^ 'that I don't remember to have tasted, for the last ten years. You don't get such 'ock nowadays. Money won't buy it, no more than it won't buy Madeira.' 'I hope you'llfcrack many a bottle before the next ten years, Porkman,' roared Mr. Piper. ' It's Skloss Johnny's Berger that I bought out of old Tom Howland's cellar after the poor old gentleman's death. He was a connysewer, was Tom. I've got a whole bin, and it will be your fault if you .don't punish it.' 'And so I will, sir, for it's real good stuff,' answered Mr. Porkman, blinking at the pale amber wine in his green glass. The newly^rnarried couple were to spend their honeymoon in Italy. Coarse as he was in appearance and manners, Mr. Piper had vague yearnings after the pleasures of refinement. He wanted to see the cities of Italy, and the pictures and statues with which he had been informed those cities abounded. He had not cared to travel in the first Mrs. Piper's time, firstly because that lady's health had been precarious, and secondly because «he could not speak a word of any language except her own. Mr. Piper wanted a companion who could in terpret for him and assist him to squabble with innkeepers and hackney coachmen. Such a companion he felt he could have in Bella, and he would take a pride in exhibit ing his pretty wife at table d'hotes and in public places. He would like to be pointed out as a comfortable well-to-do man of middle age who had married a girl young enough to be his daughter. He was not ashamed of the disparity. It flattered his vanity. Bella looked very pretty by-and-bye in a fawn-colored travelling dress and a pale blue bonnet. There was a carriage and four to take Mr. Piper and his bride to the railway station at Great Yafford. He had insisted on four horses, though two could have done the work just as well. The postilions were an imposing spectacle — smartly clad in sky blue jackets, with satin favors pinned on their breasts, and slightly the worse for beer. Happily the hired horses were of a sober and steady-going breed, or Mr. and Mrs. Piper might have come to grief on the first stage of their journey. They were gone — amidst the usual shower of old slippers. The wedding guests departed immediately after. There was to be no dance, nothing to wind up the evening, as Clementina and all her younger sisters and brothers loudly la mented. '?' I should think you'd better all go off to your beds after the way you stuffed yourselves all through the breakfast,' said Mr. ScratchelL *' I saw you.' ' What was the use of leaving things ]' demanded Herbert. 'The pastrycook's men will take everything back. They won't leave us a crumb for to-morrow.' Herbert was right. The confectioner's minions were already sweeping off the fragments of the feast — half tongues — bodies of fowls — dilapidated pies. Mrs. Scratchell stood and watched them with envious eyes. The family might have sub sisted for a week upon those savory re mains. The small Seratehells prowled, round the tables and picked little bits out of the plates. Those manufacturing people had been delicate and wasteful in their eat ing. The broken bits were daintier than anything the little Scratchells had ever tasted before. . ' . ' Come, clear out,' cried the father ' you've all eaten too much already.' But he thought it a hard thing that the pastrycook's men should come down like locusts of Scripture, and make barrenness in the land, after Mr. Piper had paid for everything. The house had a desolate look when the van had driven off with/ all the glass and china and the long dealtables, the epergnes and artificial flowers. Bella's room looked the ;dreanest 'of them alt It was but a poor attic at the best, and now, in the un tidiheee of departure, strewed all over with crumpled scraps of paper; ends of old ribton, castroff puffs and collars, and woju jmt shoes, looked Jiorrible. .JThe -younger 1 sisters explored the chamber ai^r all was f over in iiie f aiiit hope pf ^e^iing] some ^hiDg'T^aluafle/'-'-''''; ?: r^\\-;';V;Y ??-:? -' ? ''?' \-- 'She hasnlt left a morsel of anything behind her,' said Clementina. \ ' I don't think you c^ complain of that/' said Flora. ai3he has given us all her old ! clothes.' . . .-.::: '''.?; :'?/.: :?,.. . .-.' , ' 1 ' Jf she'd had a spark of , generosity i she'd have 'given us some of her aew,' \ answered -Dlementiha. -f* ^Fbis is to be my ; room now. 'It's a horrid; hole; Tm sure i the furniture must have heen second-hand { when Noah built the Ark. .Think of Bella; \ vfith herapple- green bedroom anddressing reom at the Park — all the furniture new * and her own choice — ^and her barouche and | pair — and brougham for evenings. Doesn't,. I it seem too ridiculous P-, :r '*???.' 1 1 Clementina' went to the ^shabby little' lookinfir-elass on the chipped mahogany chest of drawers and submitted her small blunt f fiatures to a severe scrutiny. ' 'Tm not particularly ugly, 'and Fve Bella's complexion, which is the best part of. her,' she said, ' but I don't suppose there's a Mr. Piper growing for me any ? where.' | 'Oh, yes there is,' answered the cheer !ful Flora. 'Bella will g^ive lots of par ities, and we shall meet with young manu facturers.' . 'Bella will do nothing except for her . own gratification,' said Clementina. ' She won't give parties to please us.' Chapter XLHL — Kenbick's Return. In the dull dark days of November Mr. and Mrs. -Dulcimer took their ward to Southampton, there to await her lover's re turn. They were to spend a week at Cul verhouse withjSir Kenrick, andthenhe was^to go with them when they went back to Little Yafford. Mrs. Dulcimer had planned it all. If Kenrick was ailing still, though that was not likely, Mrs. Dulcimer said, after the sea voyage — Rebecca could nurse him. There was no beef-tea like Rebecca's, no such calvesfoot jelly. They went to the' Dolphin Hotel, at Southampton, and Mr. Dulcimer at once descended upon the old bookshops in the High-street, like a vulture upon carrion — very much like a vulture, since he cared only for the dead. Mrs. Dulcimer took Beatrix for a gentle walk, which meant a contemplation of all the shop windows. Beatrix looked pale and out of spirits. 'I know you are anxious about Ken rick,' said Mrs. Dulcimer. Beatrix blushed. Her conscience smote her for not being anxious enough about her wounded lover. Had it been Cyril thus returning what agonies of hope and fear would have rent her breast. But it was only Kenrick, the man she promised, out of simple gratitude and esteem, to marry ; and her feeling about him as the hour of their meeting drew nigh was an ever increasing dread. The day came for the arrival of the steamer. The weather had been favorable, late as it was in the year, and the boat came into the docks on the very day she was expected. Mrs. Dulcimer and Beatrix had been walking on the platform for an hour in the afternoon, when the vicar came bustling up to them. u The steamer is just coming in,' he cried, and they all hurried off to the docks. There were a great many people, a crowd of anxious faces all looking towards the open water across which the big steamer was cleaving her steady way. Who was that on the high bridge beside the captain, looking shoreward through a glass ? . ' Kenrick,' exclaimed Mr. and Mrs. Dul cimer simultaneously. Beatrix saw nothing. For a minute or so the docks and the people, the blue bright water outside, the muddy green water in side, the big gaily-painte i steamer, every thing swam before her eyes. He was coming, he had come to claim the fulfil ment of her promise. That weak moment in which she had yielded to an impulse of grateful feeling now meant life-long misery. A few minutes more and he was standing by her side, her hand clasped in his, Mr. Dulcimer giving him hearty welcome, Mrs. Dulcimer doing all the weeping, Beatrix dumb as a statue. ' Oh, my poor dear Kenrick,' cried the vicar's wife, when she could find a voice. 'How changed you are — how fearfully changed.' ' fve been very ill,' he answered quietly. ' I didn't want to frighten you all, so I made rather light of it in my letter. But I've had a narrow saueak. However, here I am, and I don't mean to knock under now.' The change was startling. The elegant and aristocratic young man they all remem bered less than a year ago was transformed into a feeble invalid, whose shoulders were bent with weakness, and across whose ca daverous cheek there appeared the deep cicatrice of a sabre wound. There was nothing absolutely repulsive in Kenrick's aspect, but there was enough to make love itself falter. They got him into a fly and drove off to the Dolphin, while Mr. Dulcimer stayed be hind to look after the luggage. ' Beatrix,' said Kenrick, when they were seated opposite each other in the fly, ' Fve not heard, your voice yet, and it is your voice that I have been hearing in my dreams every night on board the steamer.' ' I am very sorry to see you looking so ill,' she answered gently. ' My bootmaker or my tailor would say as much as that. Tell me you are glad to see me — me — even the poor wreck I am.' There are pardonable hypocrisies in this life. Beatrix's eyes brimmed over with tears. She was deeply sorry for Mm, sorry that she could find no love for him in her heart, only infinite pity. ' I am very glad you are safe at home,' she said, ' we have all been anxious about you.' ... .. A poor welcome for a man who had lived through six months hard fighting with brown Buddhist soldiers — whirling round, him in a diabolical dance, like the imps and demons of delirium tremens — for the: sake of this moment. But he could not! upbraid his betrothed for unkindness juat now. Mrs. Dulcimer was there, tear ful but loquacious, and he could not open his heart before Mrs. Dulcimer. After breakfast next morning Kenrick asked Beatrix to go for aValk on the plat form 'with him. They were to, drive over to Oulverhouse Castle in the afternoon. It was a dim autumnal morning, the opposite shore veiled in mist, the water a dull! brownish gray, everything placid and I subgued in color — a morning that had the * t ? the |4ijMr3^^^tiich l^fite*^^^ ^DSiiig^ yea*8i:.._'''i-;' V^- '-'?.?'.- ?- ?^..?;-U*Xv;-; r£ ??-_?--? ' My dearest love, your letters have been all 3dn*Dess^ Jsaid Me^k^J^eiei^^ not! 1o$en much Idyein :th|^^ut; 1,-ss^tt^e Il^iveao right to complain ,pt ™at» ; You Sid not promise to love* me. Your letters have made me happy. Bat yesterday i confess I was wounded by your reception of !jne; Toil 'were ^^w3coldj*.ao*:silent. ? I lo^edjui;Ta^':^;^0^^ia%,JC.''luB4. forer shadowed. ~ It seemed that; you had come to meet me as ^ duty, that you wished yourself away* And then I thought per haps the change was too great— that ypfr were horror-struck at seeing so deplorable a wreck. If this was the~ cause of your silence — — ' ... 4flt rwas npt,' cried Beatrix eagerly. ' Pray do not imagine anything of 4he: kind. The change :in you makes no differ ence in me. . I am proud to think that you have done your duty— that you have been brave and noble, and have won praise and ? honor. Do you suppose I do not like you better for that ?' : uli I thought otherwise, Beatrix— if I i fancied that you were revolted by my lan tern jaws and this ugly gash across my cheek, I would say at once, let all be at. an end between us. ' I would give you back your freedom.' 'I could net accept it on such terms. ; There is noiiring revolting in your appear ance — if there were — if you were maimed and scarred so as to be hardly recognisable — t would remember that you had been wounded in the performance of your duty, and I would honor your wounds. No, Kenrick, believe me that could not make any barrier between us.' ' Yet there is a barrier.' She had not the cruelty to answer the cold hard truth. He was ill and weak. He looked at her with eyes that seemed to implore any deception rather than a reality that would crush him. He had loved her, and believed in her when the man she loved had doubted and left her. He was at least entitled to gratitude and regard. 'I have promised to be your wife, and am going to keep my promise,' she said gravely. 'Then I am happy. Shall it be soon, dearest ?' ' It shall be when you like after the new year.' ' And am I to leave the army ?' ' No,' she answered quickly. ' I am proud of your profession. I should be very sorry if for my sake you were to exchange the career of' a soldier for the stagnation of a country gentleman's life.' 'There would be no stagnation for me at Culverhouse ; yet I had much rather re main in the army. But is my profession to separate us. You may not like to go to India.' ' It will be my duty to go with you.' ' My love, I have no words to say how happy you have made me. It would have been a grief to give up my profession, but I would have done it without a word in obedience to your wish.' 'A wife sliould have no wish about serious things in opposition to her husband,' answered Beatrix. They were at Culverhouse Castle before dusk, and again the village gossips were bobbing to Beatrix, this time with the assurance, derived from Betty Mopson's direct assertion, that she was to be their Lady Bountiful, the source of comfort and blessing at Christmas-tide and in all time of trouble. They spent a calm and quiet week at the Castle. Beatrix liked the gray old build ings, with their quaint mixture of eccle siastical and domestic uses. First a castle — then an abbey — then a good old Tudor dwelling-house. That was the history of Culverhouse. Kenrick brought out old county chronicles to prove what a big place it had been in its time. How it had be longed to a warrior of the Culverhouse breed in the days of the first crusade, how it had been afterwards surrendered to the church by a sinning and repenting Culver house, and how after sequestration and malappropriation under the tyrant Harry, it had come back by marriage to the Culverhouses in a most miraculous way. ' Your house seems to have always been buttressed by heiresses,' said Mr. Dulci mer, pouring over a musty parchment that Kenrick had produced for his inspection. ' You haye been a very lucky family.' 'Luckier than we have deserved, I fear,' answered Kenrick, with a glance at Beatrix. They all went to Little Yafford at the end of the week, and Kenrick was estab lished at the Vicarage, under strict charge of Rebecca. That worthy woman exer cised an awful tyranny over him, feeding him with jellies and soups with as off hand authority as if he had been a nest of young thrushes, or a turkey in process of fattening for Christmas. He bore it all meekly, for was not Mrs. Dulcimer the best friend he had, since it was she who had first suggested his winning Beatrix. They were to be married early in the year. Everybody was talking about it already. It would be a much more in teresting marriage than Mr. Piper's second nuptials, though that event had kept the village, gossips alive for full six weeks. The tide of popular feeling had turned, and Beatrix now stood high in the estimation of her neighbors. Even Mis* Coyney was silent and contented herself with an occa sional shrug of her shoulders or a signifi cant elevation of her pepper and salt eye brows. The slander had died a natural death, it had expired of- inanition. Beatrix and he_r_ loser _saw each other daily. Madame Leonard was delighted with the wounded soldier, who had fought so well at Pegu. Everybody praised him. Even Beatrix's manner grew a shade warmer, and -she began to feel a calm ^nd sober pleasure in her lover's eompany, such a mild regard as she might have given to an elder brother with whom she had notbeen brought up. As Kenrick grew stronger they rode together across the wild bleak moor, and the winds blew health and power into the soldier's lungs. Kenrick spent some of his evenings at the dull old Water House, in that pretty white-panelled sitting-room that had been so long shut up. Madame Leonard petted and pampered him in her cordial little way. Beatrix was kind, and read or played to him according to the humor of the hour. It was a placid life. (To be continued.) — — ? '♦ ' ? — . It is reported that a Maine woman was true to her lover, and married him when he came back from California, after an absence of twenty years. NJJ.^He came back rich. 