ROYAL -FRINGE!®' THEATRE. "HAMLET." Last evening the much talkod-of perfonnaucs of "Hamlet," ubout which such high expecta tions were entertained by the public, was given in the Royal Princess' Theatre, and proved a great success; indeed, however meritorious it way thought the representation would be, judging from the rehearsals, and the great pains, intelligence, and ability brought to bear by the gentlemen who sustained the characters of this sublime tragedy, the fact far exceeded the moss favorable opinions that wore held. It would not he going boyond the honest truth to say that intimtely inferior representations of " Ham let'' have been given by more pretentious actors than the gentlemen and lady amateurs who strutted their brief hour upon the stage last evening with such sueees9. A most, brilliant house assembled, the dress-circle presenting such ati appearance as has only been seen when a De Murska or ltistori performed; every available inch of space was occupied ill the circle, stalls, and pit, and the gallery was also in an almost equally crowded state. Quite independently of the praiseworthy object in aid of which the performance was given—viz., for the benulit of the Kaster Fair—its own intritisio merits entitled it to the liberal patronage be stowed; and, doubtless, many hundreds of those who had tlie pleasure of being present at the theatre last evening would gladly see a repeti tion of so excellent a performance; and this opportunity will be afforded, as it was an nounced by -Mr. J. .Jeremy, junior, during the evenimr that in eonseoueitce of the. ureat sue cess achieved the representation committee had decided to give a second performance on Friday night, an announcement which was received with enthusiastic cheers. The proceeds of last evening were £170, hut there had to bo heavy expenses incurred) so that it will only be upon a second good house like that already mentioned that the benefit to the charities will be sueli a handsome sum as the excellence of the performance ought to ensure. At eight o'clock punctually -Mr. W. A. Daley appeared before the footlights to recite a prologue, composed by himself for the occasion; it was received with great applause, and was givon in a manner that made this mark of appreciation well deserved. In order to allow the reader to judge of the literary merits of the composition, it here follows:— As prologue to our play, I crave to-night Your heart's indulgence, in Vuur head's despite; No finished actor's grace the experienced stage, Vet all to do thtir very b<st engage. Let sympathy uphold her magic glass And all our ladings shall uiuu>tieed pass. . Trembling we meet our judges in our friends, But "chajity" with selfish fear contends; If not our trjf'orts, then our noble cunsc ' Must win approval, and must gain applause. And you look all so kind, we well may boast, The greatest critics still can pardon most.' " In Hilarity's sweet name wa make appeal, . ..t Knowing our audience fired with .equal zeal; , One motive brings us here, one common and— - ; To aid the helpless, and the poor befriend. Ah ! when I gaze around this crowded'hall, And view this sea of life from wall to wall, This glorious temple filled with young and old, ,; j; Blazing with light most beauteous to behold; I think of other scenes not far away, Where death and sickness hold their crnel Bway, Where youth is withered and old age outworn, And " all the ills that flesh is heir to" borne. Twin palaces for poverty and pain— The noblest cause for Sandhurst feeling vain ! Here, a{i is bright with beauty, youth and wealth, All glow witli gladsonu gaiety and health; Here comfort smiles, here ease and sweet content Reward with happy age a youth well spent; Here ardent hearts witli hopes are beating high, Aud love shines out from uuiny a laughing eye. But now to other scenes a moment turn;— See youthful eyes with deadlier glances burn; See "fever's frenzied brow and parched tongue, And hear the groans from mortal anguish wrung ! See yellow sickness seize its hapless prey, And strength and beauty yield to quick decay; See on the bed of suffering speechless laid^ The widow'd mother, or the orphan'd maid ! Tlie stricken farmer, or the miner bold, Who finds his death in seeking for your gold ! For these we plead—for these we make essay To represent great Shakespeare's master play; Shakespeare, whose tuneful muse our cause affords The sweetest numbers in the fittest words. „, " The quality of inercv is not strained," Then let your favors on the poor be rained ! And you, who with life's goods are doubly blessed, Believe the needy—comfort tlnj distressed. May He who gave you riches give the heart To consecrate the whole by giving part/ Aud now a few words about the performance itself; Mr. W. J. Dillon's conception of'Hamlet was almost without a fault, judged even by a high critical standard; his alooutionary abilities are of a high order; his acting and ac tion not inferior to the excellence of his elocution. It is in appearance, how ever, that Mr. Dillon lacks a little; the ideal set up of Hamlet, that of a figure commanding, fine-limbed, and imposing, is not entirely realised in Mr. Dillon. This, however, is but a small defect, when there is otherwise so much that is excellent, and so much to admiro; His reading of the character is marked by a' general intelligence and deep study of tho text, which never fails to win for an actor the sym pathy, appreciation, and applause, of a critical audience. Nor was there any studied art about his acting; but each scene, eaeh action, and each word, occurred to him and were given with all the naturalness, the intelligence, and the force one looks for ami finds in an actor who has attained a mastery in his high art. It is in. this respect that Mr."Dillon's Hamlet takes one as a great surprise, for such .proficiency is not looked for in others but gentlemen who have devoted almost their whole energies to the histrionic art. Space does not permit of an extended notice being given of tho many fine points in Mr. Dillon's conception; for the present let it suffice to say that there have been few better Hamlets seen in this city, and this is not small praise, lor some of the best Hamlets of the day have been seen here by old theatregoers. Mr. P. Macoboy's Claudius was carefully and well conceived; it was easy dig nified, aud had the merit of being most even; tho text was given with just emphasis, and the acting was in consonance. The speech com roenoing 0! my offence Is rank; it Bmells to heaven was splendidly delivered, and quite a study in elocutionary art. Polonius (Mr. J. W. Carss) was not so happy as it might have been made with a little more thought. He is an old, childish, prattling busy-body, not with much sternness in his composition, which is rather marked by that suavity and polish found in an old courtier. The advice to his son was not given with sufficient distinctness. It wanted a little more soft color ing, but on the other hand his brief dialogues with Hamlet, and the acting attendant thereon, were given with more than average ability. The Laertes of Mr. H. Jackson, jun., had much which recommended itself, and also one or two defects. Thus in appearance and in certain setfnes the part was well sustained. It had the real tire and energy of youth about it, aud wanted not study of details, excoptiug that when the news of Ophelia's death was announced to him, the grief shown was too demonstrative, and ono or two objectionable stage elwcts were resorted to that are unnatural to a cor rect reading of a character of this class. If Mr. Jackson would tono down his speeches ever so little, show in them and his acts tho ut terance and spirit of a youth who has been re fined by the accomplishments of education, who had, in a word, received tho polish of culture, and therefore without rugged parts, his repre sentation would be without, a fault. The reading has great merit, it shows careful thought, and if it were only made less spasmodic would be a very correct 0110. Horatio w;is unusually well sustained by Mr. J. Jeremy, jun., who seemed as much at home upon the stage as could be wished for. Ic is this natural ease which is difficult to acquire; but without which no acting is'successful ;• there is n&'ver a greater mistake made than to act otherwise'before an au dience than what a king, country gentleman, or a street rough would do—and according to their culture—when only one of small a number, Au actor moving in a scene as if it were in the strife of actual life itself shows his skill, and attains the pinnacle of his art. Rosencrautz, Guildeu stein and Osrie were repre-ented by Messrs. Byfield, S. Wilson, and G. Moulden with much credit; what little these gentlemen had to do they did well. Marcellas aud Bernardo, and Francisco by Messrs. J. Hemming, H. H. Hall, and W. Shaw were equally successful, while the Ghost of Mr. J. D. Coburn was a perform mance tljat well deserved the favor with which the audience received it. Mr. J. H. Tone's First Gravedigger proved a most humorous and droll conception; it could not have been improved upon, and left the audience nothing to desire. Tho Second Gravedigger (Mr. F. Naldcr) was also entrusted to skilful hands, and the short scene during which these two oddities figure prominently in tho tragedy, was one of the best anil cleverest pieces of acting seenduringthe evening. Mr. I{. Mackaysustained the not easily played part of the first actor in a very successful manner, his recital of the speech commencing "The rugged Pyrrhus" was dis tinguished by its vigor and correct emphasis lhs sccond player was Mr. A. Tulloch, and saiior^lastcr \y. Hemming. ■ There nwv have beeii ti.ose present last even ing who had seen the part of Qpli'eiia played, by star actresses, but certainly not more sdmir'qbiy than by Miss O'Sullivau last night-; it was a most finished piece of acting of maiden modesty and graoo, In the mad scene Miss O'Sullivan's act ing was most realistic, and she sang the music incidental to tbo part with fine expression, which constituted one of tho not inconsider able features of her great succcss iu the character. Mrs. AVoolridge, who was spe cially engaged from Melbourne, played the Queen, and did so in such'a manner as to iprive' liQl'iifUg but the pleasure of 'uttering praiso of lier "acting, Ji-.iss fV Anderson made a charming Player Queen,' and got through her small part in a very creditable manner. One word must now be said in explanation of tho brief criticisms offered upon some of the characters; it is that the remarks are made in the desire of im proving the performance in one or two respects bo as to make its perfection more complete, for rtstqn&itionably; is is a representation possessing far mare tka.ii ordinary mtrit. a-nd might easily bs randorad ouj tkal would dohr.p.or to any staje. .% far as tlie mountingof the tragedy is concerned Siere is room loft for improvement. The scenery w.a's old, and the play but poorly furnished. 1c would have been an easy matter to have ob tained a fj\v additional amateurs who would have noted as courtiers and attendants. Then in the graveytJrd scene the solemn music nsiwiljy given was but taimly heard, and .the , funeral procession was bio small altogether. There Is one word more to be -said in -praise; an efficient orchestra, under the leadership ol Mr. Wenlook, which performed some choice selections of orchestral mnsie. Tiie business arrangements of the committee were very satisfactorily carried out, and it is to Mr. J. Jeremy, jun., that the greatest praise is dlie for his escvrtioas as iion. sec. to the commit tee. His duties were numerous, and have been discharged without .-1113- saving of. personal con venience. 0u Friday the performance will be repeated, i«id doubtless the splendid and brilliant success which attended last night's representation will uusuro another crowded house. Certainly 110 audience eould show itself more appreciative of an entertainment; the principal characters were honored with repeated calls before the curtain, and the. whole progress of the tragedy wight almost be described as a series of triumps, so flattering was the appreciation of a fashion able and critical audieyice. 