'We read in a special telegram to the .Argvs that a deputation of colonists has waited upon Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, ) and has lectured him cn the deadlock and the conduct of the Governor. We . confess we were not aware till now that nny section of the community had sent a deputation to England, and we strive in vain to rec&l; the names of any lead ing men who have left us on such a mission during the last three months. No doubt there are always a few colo- nists in England, and" it may bo sug gested that these gentlomen are . nobly emulouB of the tailors of Tooley-street, and have assumed to speak for the peo ple of Victoria. But wo decline to be lieve that the wealthly common-place old gentlerhen, who have left our shores to live in England, are capable of con ceiving or perpetrating bo extravagant a joke as a deputation of remonstrance. Men who interfere un asked are always bound to show cause for their interference, and the spokes man of this imaginary deputation would scarcely preserve his gravity as he read out the only possible preamble that could be truthfully written. " Sir " Michael," we may, assume him to begin, " the deputation I have the " honor to head represents the most " characteristic class in Victoria — its " absentee land-owners. I am sorry I " cannot speak on behalf of any other " interest, but our merchants and pro- " fessional men, our artisans and " farmers, are all working peacefully on " the other side of the world. Nor do " I wish to disguise from you that four " in five among them difl'er from the " views I shall have the honor to state, " and that it would be impossible at " present to hold a meeting hi any part " of the colony which would not disclaim " sympathy with us by nn indignant " negative." Then, if the speaker had employed his years of leisuro by studying the English classics, ho might recal the suggestion of Bishop Butler that communities, like individuals, are subject to fits of lunacy, and suggest that all Victoria had gone mad. Ho would next state the case of his aggrieved class. Ho would show that under the operation of successive land laws they had been allowed to no- cumulate enormous estates at purely nominal prices. He would point out that till recently no sacrilegious Minis ter had flared to tax the patrimony of the squatter; that the country had made roads and railroads for him at the cost of many millions ; that the school to which the squire contributes in Eng land wore bnilt and supported by the State in Victoria ; that there were no "poor rates as in England ; and that the peculiar industry of the squatter was protected by duties on the importation of stock, or even by positive prohibition. Having clearly explained all this, he would proceed to state, with all the gravity he could muster, that the dream of constant privilege and perpetual exemption had lately been dis pelled; and that properties where the acre averaged from £20 to £50 in value ' were now taxed at Is. the acre on the capital value. ' In case Sir Michael Hicks-Beach should interject that the burdens on land in England averaged something like 7d. in the pound of in come, "the Speaker would of course reply that the Legislative Council in Victoria claimed higher prerogative than the English House of -Lords, and that the squattors must not be expected to pay taxes like the English aris tocracy. Ho would then come to the question of the crisis, and would show that the Council had claimed nothing more than to upset a foolish choice of Ministers by the constituencies, and to dictate to the Queen's representative. Meanwhile Sir Michael Hicks-Beach would be trying to recall in stances of similar deputations. "We cannot remember that any com mittee of absentee Irish landlords ever waited upon Mr. Gladstone and asked him to dismiss the Viceroy for carrying out the pSdicy of the Imperial Parliament with respect to tenant right. But there have been parallel cases on the Continent. Wherever a worthless prince has been expelled his dominions in Italy or Germany there . has pretty certainly been a small coterie of British snobs who have sent a deputation to condole with him, and have tried to speak as if they represented English opinion. Remembering all tbis, and bearing in mind that every Englishman lias a prescriptive right to talk nonsense to a servant of the. Crown, Sir Michaol would probably hear the speaker out to the end of his address,- instead of ringing at once for the butler to show him out of the room. But the humorist who telegraphed to the Argus has been carried away by his joke to a spirit of positive extravagance, and has flavored the fiction with im possible details. He represents Sir Michael as adopting the suggestion that Sir George Bowen may have made mis takes, and as interceding for him witli the irate squatters. The very ghost of Palmerston will walk at the idea that English Ministers can deBert a repre sentative of the Queen's Government in this fashion. It is not the habit of English gentlemen to listen to accusa tions against meu who cannot defend themselves. It is the time-honored maxim of English statesmen to assume that every gentleman whom they honor with their confidence has proved worthy of it ; to reserve their censure for private communications; and to refer angry remonstrances to constitu tional methods of redress. Wo do not admire the Tory ' Government, but we will not think so badly of any member of it as to believe that the bluster of a iew obscure gentlemen lias frightened him to tho committal of a baseness. We say this the more positively because the remainder of the telegram is positively sublime in its absurdity. Sir Michael, we are told, " promised to go carefully into the " question of paying on the votes " of the Assembly merely, and " said that he would give the Go- " vernor instructions for the. future " guidance." Why not add that he would send out instructions what was the best form of faith for the colonies, what were the best crops for clay lands, what dresses Australian ladies ought to wear, and what men ought to be re turned to the next Parliament 1 We have been acoustoraed to believe that we were governed by the. two Houses and our Governor, with occasional re ferences to England where Imperial in- terests'were involved ; but the funny man who telegraphs to the Argus from -London tells us thut in future the Legis lative Assembly will receive orders from an Irish gentleman, who probably never studied the map of Australia till lie was appointed Secretary for the ColonieB two months ago. Even our Sladens and Balfours, who claim to be bigger men than theStanle\ s and Caven dishes, will fire up at the indignity which is put on the country at large. But do not let our readers be alarmed. There is no occasion to conjure up visions- of edicts from England, backed by the fleets and the artillery of a great na tion. We shall not need to throw our tea into Port Phillip Bay, in" imitation of the old American precedent, and we need not discuss the position of a pos sible Bunker's hill. ' It is just con ceivable that the telegram, to the Argus is not a mere joke, and that a few foolish gentlemen have interviewed the Secre tary for the Colonies, and have elicited two or three indiscreet statements. But it is certain that Sir Michqol Hicks- Boach will be told by. his under-seen- tary that a British colony' with repm- - sentative institutions cannot be go- verned by orders from Downing street i and if the question should arise whether . Sir Michael is to forget a foolish pro- i mise, or the English Cabinet to back him ' up in a quarrel with the premier colony, we have no fear what the result will be. Meanwhile we are very glad to see that our Conservative friends have not lost their relish for a joke after so many defeats. The rapid advance which commerce has of late years made in Australia has resulted, as might be anticipated, in trade drifting into the same channels' through which it flows in communities of longer standing. Our business educa tion, as a body, baa been received either directly from English sources, or has been transmitted to us by those whose experiences were gained in the ' older school. There is, however, just: the suspicion that in the rapidity of our growth into a large' trading community we may have in some measure failed to hedge round the mode of carrying out the ordinary and daily transactions of buying and selling with those safe- guards which the experience of English jurists lias found to be absolutely ne cessary to prevent the possibility of frauds occurring sometimes. " The basis " of all dealings ought . to be good. " faith and the necessity of preserv ing this well known maxim intact has always been insisted upon if anything like commercial morality is to be re tained. Wholesale business here is conducted much on the English plan, only under a laxer system, sales being niado either through brokers, who act as negotiators between seller and buyer, or by public auction. Periodically complaints are made by' the Chamber of Commerce that the former important class have in Victoria no legal stand ing, and that the business of carrying out negotiations for the purchase or sale of goods is often entrusted to un worthy or unskilful persons, who land their clients either in law or losses. And this is just an instance of the want of care in pro tecting trade properly. Prior to 1870 in London tho regulations under which brokers were admitted to do business were extremely stringent, and after the passing of the Brokers' Belief Bill, although the older rules could no longer be enforced, the necessity of admission by the corporation of London was continued, -and provision made for removal on account of fraud and an; other offence specified in the act. It 'is also' incumbent on London brokers that their dealings slmll be restricted and governed by the customs of trade. Kegulations of a somewhat similar class are what we require ; a distinct line being drawn between the various positions of dealer, factor, agent and broker, whicli are now too much mixed up together, often to tho serious detriment of the trading community. With regard to tho second method of transacting sales, namely, by auction, here again an improvement is necessary. Ignorance of the laws which govern thein, we believe, however, has more to do with any complaints made against the working of the system in Victoria than any real desire to defraud. The term " auction " presupposes that a sale pub licly is to be made of certain goods to the highest bidder, and it will be in teresting to follow the construction which the law places upon the duty of the auctioneer. It declines, in the first place, to recognise him as the represen tative of the vendor — ho is' only 'ah agent between buyer and seller, with an equitable duty to discharge towavds both. It holds him responsible that the condition of sale shall be carried out. And as to the learned judge in Baxwoll v. Christie puts it, " That could never " be tho case if the owner might " secretly and privately enhance the " price by a person employed for that " purposo." It is the duty of tho auc tioneer to be careful that the bids of " puffers," as they are termed, are not . taken. ' It has been argued in defence of " puffers " that the owner of goods is placed under the disadvantage, and they may have to be sold under their value, and that tho practice was generally ad mitted. The learned judge's reply was to the effect that " It is no argument " to say it is a frequent custom, for if " the law forbids it ib sufficient." And at common law, as well as in equity, since the passing of the Act 30 and 31 Vict., the employment of "puffers" is unlawful. An auctioneer, then, who . accepts the bid of a " puffer," knowing that he represents the owner of the goods, commits a breach of the law, and is amenable under his conditions of sale. Again, there is the case when goods sold previously to one person are submitted either wholly or partially in the name" of the original vendor. This is a fraud upon; the publio, the good being described as what they really are not. . Another case referred to in the text-books of trade, is the Bystem of including goods already privately sold, and knocking the same down at an advance of 10 to 15 per cent.. The pnbiic have been brought together under the idea that the goods will b® disposed of to the highest real bidder, and it is a breach of confidence to permit their value to be enhanced to serve tlie purposes of the intermediate purchasers. There are other points of less importance which may alBO require notice, but sufficient has been' given to illustrate how carefully in England trade has surrounded itself with pro tection. We have a Melbourne Cham ber of Commerce which includes amongst its members no doubt many gentlemen who are desirous that , our system of trading should be placed upon as sound a basis as exists elsewhere. Certainly it comes within their pro vince to take the initiatory steps to draft an Auctioneer and Brokers' Bill that wotild plainly set forth the duties and responsibilitie! of those two highly important sections in our trading body. The Barbour case, and the exposures which have etj tended the unravelling of agents charges, have shown dearly thatcdBWS and honesty do not go always band in hand. ' " Tricks aud practices of this " kind," remarked one of the judges o the Court 'of Queen's Bench, referring to auction frauds, " dpfly increase, an " grow so frequent that good.men'gi " in to the ways of the bad and oaf " honest in self-defence." being better than cure, it is hot tpo early to urge that our commercial dealings shall be conducted upon sound basis of good faith ; and. can only be attained by clearly/denning the law uDon many points" wcee habit lias allowed it to fall into sttetude. The inhabitants of MeHipnni9 beginning to grow. soriouBly alarm . the prevalence of typhus fever city and its suburbs. ThediseaW . not appear amongst us this :seia$o the first time. ...It ..took firm .root in . Melbourne long ego, but until recently its ravages have been confined to the wry poorest class. Latterly, however, its operations have been extended, and people are now almost daily startled to learn that some more or less influential and well-to-do member of the commu nity is either suffering from or has fallen a victim to the fell disease. As to the cause of typhus fever doc tors do not differ. That it is generally attributable to defective drainage, and that the drainage of Melbourne is de fective in tlie extreme, are facts which have been brought under the notice of the public times out of number both by the medical profession and by the metropolitan press. That Melbourne would be visited by some dire pesti lence—such as typhus fever is — unless a comprehensive system of drainage were devised and car ried out without delay has been a periodical prophecy for many year3 past, the perfect fulfilment of which, ac cording to the signs of the times, is now not far distant. For, notwithstanding the knowledge which every man possessing the senses of sighs and smell must have of the filthy state of tho city, so fur as its drainage is concerned notwith standing repeated warnings of the con sequences of procrastination, the authorities appear to be as far off as ever from taking any steps to remedy the mischief, and thereby avert the predicted cala mity. Ten years ago tho apathy of the public on this score, und their syste matic neglect of ordinary sanitary pre cautions, was loudly denounced by a few observant men. But though be tween that time and this there has been much spasmodic talk on the subject, condemnatory of the existing mode of disposing of the sewerage, and sugges tive of a better, nothing whatever has been actually done. Melbourne has been growing rapidly all the while, and the necessity for dealing with the drainage question has necessarily grown with its growth. As each year has passed by the danger to the public health had been intensified. It is only now, when typhus, is finding victims "amongst the opalent as well as the needy, tha't public' ihen are beginning to realise the fact that the press in its frequent jeremiads on the drainage question may eventually prove to huve been a true prophet, and perhaps after a few city councillors and metro politan members of Parliament have been laid by the heels with typhus fever the powers that be may see fit to carry out thoroughly and quickly a proper system of drainage for the city of Mel bourne and its suburbs. Even if there were no dread of im pending danger, the state of the streets of Melbourne ought to shame its in habitants into agitating for some better mode of disposing of the sewerage than that which obtains. In the daytime the city is outwardly fair enough, but after dark the effluvium which rises from the open gutters is always more or less offensive. In this respect the Btreets of the city proper are as bad as tliose of the suburbs, and such great thoroughfares as Bourke- etreet, Elizabeth-street and even Col lins-street, where the doctors most do congregate, are scarcely less mal odorous than the adjacent narrow and disreput able lanes. The Victorian people are proud of their capital, and not unna turally so, for its rise and rapid progress constitute one of the wonders of the age of wonders in which we live. The Btreets of Melbourne are wide and well formed. - Our Government offices are imposing structures, and 'so are those of the various mercantile and charitable institutions of the colony. In a word, Melbourne in the daytime is calculated to excite the, wouder and admiration of the stranger, but it is greatly to be feared that if he took a walk through our principal thorough fares at night-time, though willing to allow that we are public-spirited,, enter prising and charitable, he might never theless form the opinion that we are an eminently dirty , people, and that is an imputation tinder which- a community of British origin ought not to lie. 