HOW A CLAIM WAS NEARLY JUMPED IN GUM-TREE GULLY. By Tasma. For the first time tor ten years—a long period in the history of a country that can look back upon its lawless past of less than 30 years ago—sounds associated with human life were to be heard in Gum-tree Gully. Where only the magpie had hitherto tuned his voice in his own grotesquely-melodious key, and pretentious native companions had not been afraid to stand in a ludicrous row, where kangaroos had hopped and nibbled, nervously alert without cause, while their little ones took headers in and out of their pouches unconcernedly, and lithe snakes had projected their quivering bodies fearlessly through the scrub—hard-handed men and women began to make their way. Gum-tree Gully, worthless from an auriferous point of view, had capabilities of its own for culti vation, and Gum-tree Gully was open for selection. How it acquired its name, in a district where every gully is made up, more or less, of gum trees, is a matter to be chronicled. There are "gums and gums," and the early explorers of Gum-tree Gully had testified to their appreciation of differences in trees, as we mark our appreciation of differences in people. The veteran gum tree, which had sufficed, on its own merits, to give its name to a range of country some miles in extent, grew close to the bed of one of the many creeks that may be credited with an equivocal share in the pro genitorship of the River Coliban. Its claims to military honours were at least as well founded as those of any Royal heir-apppent who has never seen a battle, or any fancifully martial princess who coquets with her sword, and rides about in her dainty uniform on review days. I do not go so far as to say that if its claims had been brought before a colonial Duke of Cambridge they would have been precisely examined into, or that a medal would thenceforth have depended from one of its splattered branches. But supposing a committee of arboriculturists, in these days of stamping out all the joyous old pantheistic customs, were to sit in open-air conclave and adjudge the reward of a caressing parasite to the sturdiest old trunk in the Australian bush, this ancient gum tree would have been entwined for its remaining decades—years are of little account in the life of such a tree —by the very Abishag of a creeper. "What of unseen warfare it had sustained could only be found out by noting in its up permost branches, where a stump or a splin tered jag betokened the loss of a limb. But these were small tributes to pay to the force of contending winds that had broken the backs of all the frailer trees around. It was easy to see what of resistance it had made by looking up its majestic trunk. There was a grand assurance in the rigidity of its up rightness, a calm self- assertion in its uncom promising straightness, as if, poised upon circumvagant roots, that, in exploring the quartzy soil, had curled themselves around a layer of primeval granite, it knew that nothing short of a earthquake which should have power to upheave the foundations of the hill itself could compel its stately body to the performance of any undue genu flexions. Every succeeding season had stamped it with hieroglyphics of its own, to the interpre tation of which only nature could furnish the key. Becoming warty as it reached maturity, and discharging its acrid juices less frequently than in its more expansive and full-blooded days, it had acquired a seasoned appearance as compared with the juvenile gums around it, that gave it all the dignity of a Chiron in the world of the Eucalypti. A close examina tion of its seared bark would have brought to light a succession of short horizontal indentations, succeeding each each other at somewhat irregular intervals from about four feet above the ground to within a few feet of its first throwing out of a branch—a proof that, if time is to be mea sured by impressions, the gum tree was older than the most aged oak in Britain—for what English tree can remember a time when naked savages scaled it, and scooped out hollows for the reception of their monkey toes? Fresh bark had grown around these scars, very mnch as the skin grows over our childish cuts and wounds, at which we look in more advanced life, on being told that our bodies have been all transformed the while, wondering what we have in common with the absurd little being who lay awake half the night in anticipation of a new pocket-knife, and mutilated himself with it in the morning. Only that the impression has left its mark on the mind as distinctly as the knife has left its mark on the body, such a being, we would say, had passed away altogether. Besides the indentations afore-mentioned— not to be twisted by the most acute de cipherer of cuneiform inscriptions into signifying anything more than points d'appui for aboriginal fingers and toes—there were some characters inscribed on the opposite side of the tree, which favoured the supposi tion that they were channels for the outlet of an idea. A close inspection would have left, moreover, no doubt as to the original in tentions of the artist. There was evidence of a lob-sided cross, laboriously cut into the very substance of the trunk. In lieu of the arms of a crucified Saviour, a capital D of lean proportions stood at the left-hand trans verse extremity of the cross. Similarly, at the right-hand extremity, a letter of unsteady build, which could only be allowed to pass for a T on the hypothesis that it could have been intended for nothing else, balanced the capital D. Above this ornamental design the success ful designer had proudly cut out the popular representation of a heart—apparently in an advanced state of fatty degeneration. There was further proof of a desire on his part to portray the heart transfixed by a sharp in strument; but the difficulty of the perspec tive having overcome him at this point, he had launched out into basso relievo, as was testified by the fraction of a splint, inserted into a small hole that had been drilled in the very centre of the inflamed heart. Upon these mysterious signs many out ward forces had been brought into play. The rain had guttered down them, black ants had established an emigration depot in their midst—opossums had scratched at them in running up the tree. It could not be sup posed to matter to any one in the world that they should be obliterated altogether. In fact, if it had not been for the juxtaposition of the cross and the heart, the letters D.T. might mean nothing more than a waggish commemoration of a carouse, held in the early digging days under the shadow of the majestic gum. Very few people passed by them. For the chance "sundowner" who cast his tired eyes upon them, they could not signify much. Trees tell no tales of the emotions they have been witness to, otherwise every novelist who walks about the woods, might fill his volumes without trouble. The letters had, then, apparently no mission to fulfil, other than the unsought for one of serving for rain ducts and ant colonies. As they became gradually more indistinct, even the swags men, who, for the most part were not great readers, took no heed that they were there. It might be, nevertheless, that an accident would bring them into prominence. They were as weather-beaten as the tree itself when the first selectors began to file through Gum-tree Gully, with their train of sheep and bullocks and canvas-covered carts. This was quite another race from the diggers. Plodders, in a great measure, who saw no lottery-box in the uncultivated bush; but a home in prospective, to be fought for, inch by inch, with the stony soil. For the most part these pioneers were young. The courage to begin at the beginning is lacking in middle age; nevertheless, they comprehended the inevitable sprinkling of unsuccessful colo nists—the men who are always too late at a "rush," who always appear on the scene of action just when the good time is over, who are struggling at home when they ought to be in Victoria, and struggling in Victoria when they ought to be in Queensland. Gum-tree Gully was only faintly lighted by the waning after-effects of a brilliant sun set, when one of those disappointed ones, himself on the wane, pulled up his cart under the legendary gum-tree, and looked solemnly aloft into its far-seeing leaves. There is no prolonged crepuscular glow after sun- down in Australia. The sun disappears in a gorgeous nest of varying colours, and long after the vivid carmines have died out the sky retains a faint impression of them, and borders the tops of the hills with semi-tints of green and rose, like the inside of a shell. But down in hollows it is dark. The light ceases abruptly, and the opal line in the far-off horizon is the last lingering protest of day light against the stars that are beginning to hurry to the front, and pierce the cool at mosphere with more or less of silver or gold, according to their separate individualities. Gum-tree Gully had probably seen its unruly days in the period when Melbourne was described by contemporaneous writers of the "Society for the Propagation of Christian Knowledge " school as "a wicked city; there is no city in the world so wicked as Mel bourne." But, purified by the solitary con templation of the "pearly gates of heaven," it evoked no associations unbefitting virgin soil in the minds of the well-intentioned workers on the way to their selections, whose highest aim in life was probably to establish themselves on their 320 acres as "boss cockatoos." Such associations as it evoked for the middle-aged selector, standing in front of his cart, with the last red rays suffusing his face, were all centred in the gum-tree. His face was so irradiated, as he turned it round after his lengthy survey, that his mate, not prone to personal observation, felt it incumbent upon him to inquire, in an aggrieved sort of way, into the cause. "Seems like as if you'd struck a patch, Dave!" he said, putting his pipe into his pocket, and working his way out through timber and hen coops to the front, by way of seeing where the luck lay. So he had, but it was not a divisible patch. He had struck his by-gone youth and heart's desire. In the mal-formed capitals, the cross dropping crystallised gum, the fading heart, he had struck the spectre of all his hopes and aims. It confronted him now, and he bared his grizzled head before it. In a way the letters and he had kept pace to gether. They were not more misshapen than his path in life. They were typical of all his undertakings. Bnt they had endured, and he had endured. There had been a time, then, when he had felt as if success were possible to him. In reply to his mate's comment, he pointed to the tree with the butt end of his whip, putting on his wide-awake the while with dreamy air. His mate was in the habit of making allowances for him. Dave, according to his estimate, had "no more savey than a child, but you never got a rough word out of him, and his learning was patent to all who found their friend's caligraphy a stumbling block to the due enjoyment of their letters. But this was conduct that required checking. A man was tob e called from his sleepy corner and his pipe, and fooled into staring at a rotten old tree with its head in the clouds like Dave himself! It was with sarcastic politeness that Dave's mate indicated the tree by a fine flourish of the right hand as he gravely enquired "You're prospecting, I s'pose, Mister?" Dave's face was still illuminated by the sun set as he rejoined "That's just what it is; I'm prospecting." "First time I ever heard tell of prospecting up a gum-tree. I'd like to know now, what 'ud be the vally of the gold. Say, Dave, I think I'll jump your claim." " 'Tisn't a claim as any one can jump," answered Dave. He looked fondly at the defaced inscription, and muttered softly "Dave and Tilly"—there was something about the sound of the words that must have satisfied his fullest sense of euphony. After they had camped down for the night—Dave rolled up in his grey blanket at the very foot of the tree like a mammoth caterpillar — he reiterated at long in tervals in whispered inflexions, "Dave and Tilly," "Dave and Tilly." "Dave and Tilly" were apparently the talismanic words that made of Dave a lion of labour. Gum-tree Gully soil demanded work of a sort to make a Hercules ponder. If only a new Amphion could have, piped to the gums, and brought them trooping down to the side of the creek, the rest of the work would have been easy. It was the grubbing up of the monstrous stumps that clung by their hundred roots to the soil beneath the riverbed itself that took it out of Dave and his mate. They worked subtly, devastating, as is prescribed by nature, that they might regenerate. Dave was a destroying angel among the trees. There are still to be seen in Gum-tree Gully stark gums, death and leafless, that look with their rung trunks like the bowstring corpses of malefactors. When the moon shines on these ghosts of trees, it as if the end of life had come, and a dreary dead world were illumined by the non-vivifying light left in another dead world. There was a triumph in felling the tallest gums. Dave's mate was fain to admit within himself that it was not he who struck the hardest blows. He tried to account for this contradiction according to his lights. "Was it a put-up game on Dave's part before ?" He had always thought him a bit soft, but this looked like artfulness. He worked the harder for his perplexity, ham mering his doubts into whatever he took in hand. Gum-tree Gully can testify to the prodigies that may be accomplished by a couple of sound men, who, by a rare chance, do not drink, and who work—each to his utmost—the ane from motives only known to himself, the other from pride. There were queer hypotheses afloat. It was re puted that they were deadly enemies, and that each had made a vow to kill the other from over-work. But they worked on. There was only one point at issue between them. Dave's mate, chopping on one occa sion at the monumental gum tree, found his wrist seized from behind by fingers hard as flexible steel. He dropped his axe, as if he had been committing an act of desecration, and turned round apologetically. Dave's pensive eyes were aflame. His care-worn face was rejuvenated by the fervour of his sudden wrath. "Don't you go for to do it, mate," he said, half threateningly; "don't you go for to do it. You know better than that!' Dave's mate had at least 10 years the ad vantage of him, but at that moment his con viction that he was the "better man of the two" received a shock. He remained sulkily dignified the whole of that day, only ob serving in a general sort of way, over the evening meal, as if he had been telling it in confidence to the quart pot in front of him, "that he would take to planting spuds; he'd had about enough of working like a nigger. If he couldn't hack at all the blasted timber on the creek he'd let it rip ; he was full up of your close people ; you never knew where to have them; he was open as the day himself," &c.; Dave waited patiently for the end of this somewhat pointed soliloquy, and put out his hand humbly. "Don't you take it ill of me," he asked; "that writin's been as good as a prophecy to me. It's going on for twelve years since I wrote it, and its been struggle and disap pointment ever since. That cross, you see's, got betwixt me and her, and it's kept us apart ever since. But when I come upon the old letters, unawares, the other day, I took fresh heart. It seemed like as if they were waitin' to come true. I've always kept the one wish in my mind, and I don't know now but what it may come off. Anyway so long as I've got the tree to look at I keep think ing so! Such a long speech for taciturn Dave took due effect. That his mate was molli fied was evident from his looking higher than the quart pot, and addressing himself with a show of condescension to Dave himself. Only, having a nature not quite so tran scendental for his own part, he sought to give the conversation a practical turn, and call things by their right names. "T'll be a young woman, I expect ?" "That's it," replied Dave, deprecatingly. "And you was goin' to be fixed off so soon as you'd get a streak o' luck?" "Well, we were pledged to one another before I come out from the old country." Dave's mate pulled out his triangular slice of tobacco, and settled himself against the back bf the tent, as one who was about to continue his catechism at his ease. "Is T. settin' still a-waitin' for you ?" "She gave me her sacred word she'd wait till I'd get a home for her." "And she's been waitin' all this time?" "All this time!" "Why didn't you bring her along with you at the start?" "Well, she hadn't been brought up to rough it, as you may say," Dave explained, "and latterly I'd been losin' heart. I told her when I wrote to her—nigh upon two years back it is now—if it was to break my heart I couldn't justify it to myself to see her wait no longer. And after that I wouldn't so much as send her my address, so I couldn't get no more letters from her." The tobacco was cut, and Dave's mate was pressing it into his evening pipe—so absorbed apparently in the work of ramming in more than the pipe could conveniently hold, that Dave plunged afresh into his explanation. "It's come to my knowledge since I come here that she's just as I left her. I think if I could get a bit of a homestead fixed up down by the creek, that writin' mightn't be for nought after all—there's no telling!" The pause that followed, only broken by the shrill chorus of the clamorous locusts, was awful. The romance of Dave's youth and middle age, avowed with a pathetic timidity which seemed to deprecate the treasuring of a romance at all, would have seemed less incongruous if some encourage ment had been given, some reply audible, other than the intermittent puffs at the pipe. But this was a case in which it behoved Dave's mate to be oracular. He waited until Dave's humiliation was complete before he spoke. "You can't do more nor chance it if it's for better, why, it'll be for better; and, if it's for worse, well, it'll be for worse, and that's putten' it straight" The oracle had spoken. Oracles are like the counsels of time - servers. You may accept them very much as you please. They allow of as free an interpretation as most inspired sayings, being ambiguous enough to satisfy all elucidators of the meanings of prophecy. Whatever gratitude Dave might have felt for this comprehensive exposition of his case he expressed by a gesture of acquiescence. Shrinking' more than ever into himself, as was his wont, after any unlooked for burst of extemporaneous confidence, he baffled his mate's well-meant endeavours to lead up to the subject of the tree. Gum-tree Gully was only aware that all along the bed of the creek the twisted trunks of the native trees were lying prone, and that, solitary, a giant gum stood, massive, tapering, grey, like a petrifaction for 70ft. from the ground, and thereupon breaking into a rustling mass of shining dark foliage—a leafy fountain through which the sunbeams pricked dancing holes of light into the shadow below. Further, that the eccentric selectors, who felled in earnest as Gladstone is credited with felling in sport, had built round the foot of the giant gum a sort of brush fence, within which the elder man of the two had been seen one moonlight night, his face, to all appearance, resting against the ragged bark. Verdict—"They were a queer lot." During the succeeding season the influence of the writing was as marked as if it had been traced by a spirit hand. It was es pecially perceptible in the building of the house. If "Tilly" was all Dave's, Daves mate might claim a joint proprietorship in the "T." If Dave pondered with tender fore thought before fixing the position of the front door, weighing the rival influences of a sunrise that seemed the harbinger of a rose-coloured day, and a sunset that turned the creek into a new Pactolus with golden edges—Dave's mate had an intuitive perception of the way in which T. would "shape" with regard to the stacking of the chimneys. It was he who shingled the roof, from a pre- conceived certainty that T. was not the kind to be put off with galvanised iron—it was he who carted the hardwood boards from the town ship for the flooring of the verandah, having settled it to his own satisfaction that it would not do to "foist any of your clay flooring upon T." There was a promise of permanence in every nail that was driven into every plank. It is the idea which governs—not the fact. The secret of the potentiality of the old gum tree was not even known to the selector and his mate. If it had been explained to them that all this sinew- stretching, and muscle pulling work was a straining after the ideal, they would not have understood it. But it was nothing else. The best work that has ever been done has always been done in response to it: for it is the only work into which is put the truest part, of oneself. If the veriest atheist feels devotional perforce when he looks up at a sublime spire piercing the hazy blue far over his head, or hears an excursive burst of high sweet melody in the middle of a midnight mass—it is not, as he will explain to you, because his senses of sight or hearing are suddenly taken by storm— but because through these senses the intense spirit of the artificer or the musician im presses him with a reflection of its absorbing devotion. The part left in the spire or the music will make itself heard while the world lasts. It was during the Christmas week of 187—, at a time when the Victorian landscape was enlivened by the canary-coloured patches of ripening crop, that Dave's mate drove the fresh-painted cart over to the township to meet Dave and his wife. The newly-engaged young lady at the Commercial Hotel, in whose unabashed eyes his manly face and figure, toned down in their tendency to flesh iness by his fat-repressing work, had found favour, smirked behind the bar as she saw him rein up in the yard. In the bright green of the cart and the bright scarlet of his tie, set off by the cheerful uniformity of his new slop suit, she saw delicate evidences of his intentions. We are so apt to think that every falling shower has its designs against us, or for us, as the case may be, that it was natural enough on the part of the young per son at the Commercial to see in these details a something bearing directly upon herself. She adopted forthwith her most insinuating expression, and threw it away, after all, on a half-tipsy swagman, blind of one eye; for Dave's mate, after a word with the groom, passed straight out of the yard, and stationed himself at the corner of the street, there to watch for the arrival of Cobb and Co.'s coach. The mystic T. was about to assume the shape of a flesh-and-blood woman. Dave's mate fidgeted under the heated verandah in front of the general store; his temples were throbbing as if he had been working in the sun with his hat off. The prospect of finding the coach packed with a whole harem con signed to him alone could not have excited him more than the advent of the newly-married wife of another man. No special houri, before whose particular charms Dave's mate would certainly have been the first to abase himself, could quite have taken the place of the T. whose unseen presence had encouraged him for so long—in deference to whose divined inclinations he had shingled the house and floored the verandah. Not that he was at all likely to tell himself anything of the sort. There is no possible analysis of sentiment without education. He probably told him self that the coach was late, and that he'd been "gaping down the road a devil of a time." The ennui of standing about was be ginning to tell in favour of the young lady behind the bar of the Commercial, and Dave had already turned his back to the verandah and the corner, when an intermittent rattle in the distance made him pause. His hardihood went away on the spot. Any one seeing the sheepish expression on the face of the big brown- bearded man in the slop suit would never have given him credit for fancy ing himself to the extent indulged in under ordinary circumstances by Dave's mate. The coach came tilting along from the bush track on to the macadamised road, with a jin gling and a clattering of appalling force. A puff of north wind threw the dust right ahead into the wide-open eyes of Dave's mate, and by the time he could see out of them again, the coach had drawn noisily up at the side of the pavement, and Dave, with the very look his mate remembered when they had first come upon the gum tree, was holding out his hand from the inside. Next to him was the top of a woman's brown hat. The coach door being opened, Dave descended first, and turning quickly round held out his arm to the woman in the brown hat. He jumped her out like a child, and she stood, with her head reaching no higher than his shoulder, quite close to him on the pavement. And now Dave's mate saw his creation materi alised. A small-faced, sallow woman, inexpres sibly neat all over, with large eyes, and white teeth, and a pose foreign to Gum-tree Gully belles, with dark plaits just showing on their smooth surface a chance grey hair, and a slight round waist, and a small round throat. Dave's mate had a sudden perception of the loudness of his tie which hampered the freedom of his greeting. It made him almost ashamed to think of the green cart. He had never "fancied himself " so little before. "It's my mate,' was all Dave said by way of introducing him. "I put you first, you see, Tilly, and he comes second." Tilly held out an ungloved cool little hand that almost made him laugh. It felt like nothing but a tiny squirrel. He shook it with exceeding care, not knowing how strong a pressure of his horny muscular hand it was safe to bestow upon it. As to saying anything, that was quite out of the question. But Tilly had a woman's secret for putting him at ease. She looked up into his face from under her brown hat, and made her huge shining eyes say to him in so many words, "You please me, don't you see? and I want to please yon in my turn." She had looked so at Dave years ago—he believed for his own part that she had never looked so at anybody else—and she had found occasion to practise the look during his absence, a few scores of times at least, which accounted for its coming so readily. But to Dave's mate it was a new sort of experience The "minauderies " of the young lady at the Commercial were quite another thing from this soul and sense quelling glance. He was not even aware as yet whether he was beholden to her for it or no. The T. he had toiled for could never come back again; but already he was not sure that he would change it for the living "Mrs. Dave." Tillly was a born woman of the world. On 'W>ngiiWBnid up into the green cart she sat on a high plank between her husband and his mate, her toes barely touching the? bottom, as much at her ease as if she were a little sister whom they were bringing home for the holi days. She asked questions in a demure way, knowing that they would both answer at once; and feigned to be delightfully " new chummisn," by way of making them laugh. For all that, they had never been alive to the beauties of the bush track before, having hurried up, as a rule, to get back to work. But when Tilly sniffed at the aromatic odour of the gums and peppermints, blown into their faces by the cool evening breeze;, standing right up to watch a flight of " blue mountains swooping, through the air; and pushed back her brown hat to remark upon the funny colour of the range of hills ahead of them—which, indeed, were turning from slate-colour to delicate mauve in the sunset— they took note of these facts for the first time, all the while naively convinced that they were " showing Tilly the ropes." This was the way with them at first. It should have been the way with them always. But then Dave's mate should have been a Sic Galahad, and Tilly a woman without eyes, and Dave himself anything but the simple hearted being he was. Gum-tree Gully was witness at first to a trinity in unity. Where an incorporeal pre sence had given a spur to physical effort, a light-footed woman moved about all day. In. spite of Dave's fears on the score of her Eower of "roughing it," Tilly might have eing born to look after a bushman's home, to bake in a camp oven, to carry her weekly wash to the river side, and twitter along with the birds over her washtub. But if a woman, in the prime of her life, is to be help-mate to two men, she should be at least a Metis (wisest of all the daughters of gods and men) or they should be blind, or one of them should be willing to go by the " steep and thorny way to heaven." Failing these alternatives the trinity at Gum-tree Gully must inevitably have its term. It came to no tragical end. Mrs. Dave was ■■ mending the socks of the selectors indiscri minately under the shadow of the gum-tree. Slie had arranged each heap with regard to its separate owners, nattily, as was her fashion of doing things,- when a darker shadow enveloping her, she looked up with a start. Dave's mate, his face white as if he had been drinking, come hastily up to h$r, and laid violent hands on his particular pile of socks. He picked them up without so much as looking at her, and as he almost turned his back upon her in speaking, she had some ado to make out the purport of his few hurried words. " It's about time for me to clear out," she heard ; " if I wasn't a fool I'd have cleared out at the first—and that's all about it!" " Oh my!" said Tilly, "you're not going to leave us 7" There was a dismayed note ringing in her accent. Dave's mate turned round, and en countered her upturned eyes, pleading from beneath the rim of the travelled brown hat— those eyeB that had done all the mischief from the beginning! He looked as severe as-, if his heart nad not been sinking to sickness. " Yes, I am," he said huskily, "and I guess you know why 1" Her eyes wandered inquiringly over his . face. " Have you had words with Dave ?" " Not I. I don't s'pose you think I have - neither." ' ».* • " Oh, then, why do yon go?" f There was no actual guilt to be lai^At the door of Dave's wife, but perhaps ft %$s just . as well that Dave was not at hondlft'eeethe expression in her steadfast eyes as-shealoVly repeated the words, " Why—do—you-^l?^ * Dave's mate found that his knke^Q ^ trembling. They would have giveAt another instant, and he would bfVW;. down upon them in front of Mm. .Beye^l looking up in the desperation of hia xnentajl tussle, the rude letters on the gam trofliaon - fronted him as plainly as if they haa^beea traced in fire by the finger which threw confusion into the hearts of the Babylonian revellers in olden times. From this jfertnent he looked down no more. There was not a turn in the D or the T which, was not some how characteristic of Dave. blunders, his simplicity, and his goodness seemed to> cry out against treachery from the twisted cross and the half-obliterated heart He had said, in reply to his mate's joke on his new sort of gold discovery, " "Tisn't a claim as anyone can jump!" never taking, into account that his claim was a human one, and humanity false. But Dave's mate remembered it alL " I'd be stopping on for no good " he re plied, always looking straight ahead of him at the tree. " There's no two words about it Maybe I'll see you again—by'nd bye— anyhow, I wish you luck." He was gone before she could put out het • hand, or even call up another of ner wonder ful glances. She sat, thinking under tho tree long after he had left her. It was all but dark, when her husband cattte out to call her in, and found her still, pensive, in the same place. No one could have bben tenderer of her; but of Dave's tenderness'hhe had not been hitherto as ambitious as wad compatible with wifely sentiment She umtte* at him. now. lowering her eyes, and listening with head turned partly aside, but without com ment, to his disjointed observations touching the departure of his mate. - . ' "He hasn't been thechapbe usedtobe,, latterly. It BoemB to me like as If thcjfo waa something on his mind—and thai *ud work on him, dye see—for I've never known him to keep a thing to himself sill they ears we've lived together. I said as much,' minayou, as rd give the best part of thefarmtphave him stop; and he up and says, * Ub you want to cut your own throat?* quite savage like. There was .no holding him after ihat, but I doubt he's got something on his jmnd, as I said before. - , • . But there's only one good can come of it, asfur as J con see—I've got my little worpan all to myself." ■ It must have been nothing jnorethana chance Btreak.of moonlight which filtered at. that instant through the blkck gum heaves, silvering the bark and the . ddinscription! and softening Tilly's fnca «n it could not nave been a moonbeam that she ■wiped away .with a furtive gestutp of her small palm, before giving her nand to Dave, and passing out withTurn from under the shadow of the tree into thft light. hnm.. within. •"*«* •: 