Newcastle. Jclt. 13.— A sudden and somewnat severe change has taken place in the weather within the past few days. On Friday, about noon, the course of the wind, which had pre viously been light from N.W., suddenly changed to the southward, blowing fresh, with thick dirty-looking weather outside, and a rising sea. The wind continued from the same quarter all night, coming up occasionally in squalls, accompanied by heavy showers of rain. On Saturday there was a nasty cross Eea outside, which broke frequently across the bar. During the afternoon the wind backed into the S.WV and the rain continued to fall with but little intermission. The weather is still very unsettled. Several email vessels ran back to the port for shelter when the storm set in, and succeeded in getting safely in. Information reached the Harbourmaster on Friday morning from Port Stephens, that the steamer Platypus, a well-known trader between Sydney and the Richmond River, was in a disabled condition to the northward of the north head of Port Stephens, and required assistance. Captain Allan at once communicated with the steam-tug proprietors here, Messrs. J. and A. Brown, who dispatched their powerful boat, the Dungaree, to endeavour to pick up the disabled steamer and bring her on to this port. At 3 o'clock the Platypus was fallen in with off Morns Point in tow of the steamer Ballina, belonging to the same company, and, having cast off the BaUina's line, was taken in tow by the Bungaree. There was a heavy sea rolling in at the time, and the wind coming- in hard from the southward ; but by 8 o'clock at night, Newcastle harbour ?was safely reached, and the Platypus brought to an anchorage. Tne Ballina also followed in, owing to the heavy weather outside. The Platypus was bound from Sydney to Northern ports at the time of meeting with the mishap, which was caused by the breaking of a portion of her machinery. Ihe greatest anxiety prevailed in Newcastle during yesterday and to-day in regard to the safety of the occupants of an open fishing pleasure boat, which left here bound for Sydney on the Friday morning. The boat was tbe Minnie,* belonging to Sydney, and was manned by Messrs. C. J. Burns, A. Burns, Percy Adams, and Mat thew Collins. The party got underway from here shortly after 8 o'clock in tne morning, and rounded Nobby's with a fair but light north-west wind, and stood away to tne south ward. There was a nasty lumpy sea on, and the little craft was 6een bobbing about until cue reached to the southward of Redhead, when she was lost sight of. The wind after wards came in hard from the southward, and, as the sea rose rapidly, fears were entertained that some mishap had befallen the party. On Saturday the anxiety was increased when no tidings could be ascertained regarding them, and towards 11 o'clock the Government steamer Ajax was dis patched to the eouthward to make a search for them, and at half-past 4 in the afternoon, much to the relief of anxious friends, returned to port with the four adventurers safely on board. The interest excited in the city regarding their wharf on the arrival of the Ajax. It seems that after leaving Newcastle they carried a fair north-west wind as far as Catherine Hill Bay, when the wind came away from the eastward, and gradually worked into the south, blowing hard, with heavy sea and thick rainy weather. Put about and shaped for Lake Macquarie, but on reaching the entrance the .tide was found to be ebbing, and they could not make in on account of the heavy sea rolling, and accordingly decided to come to an anchorage, and brought up with the anchor and a BmaU kedge. They laid hero all night shipping very little water, and in the morning made fast to one of the buoys near the entrance. At 2 o'clock, the Ajax bore up and took them aboard. They seem to have suffered little from the effects of their exposure, and were all in excellent spirits. Before leaving, the boat was made securely fast to one of the buoys, the mast unshipped, and everything made snug aboard. July 15. — The recent bad weather appears to have taken off, but the sky still remains cloudy ana dull. The news of the massacres of the unfortunate population of the outlying districts of New Caledonia has awakened a deep feeling of sympathy for the suffering inhabitants of that colony, in the minds of the people of the district, and no doubt it will afford some consolation to the distressed to hear that the feeling has taken a practical turn amongst the principal people of this city, as elsewhere throughput the colony, where means will admit of it, and that subscritions are uemg ag&eu; lor ami ireeiy resuerea, in uruer mm iuo uu fortunate people may be relieved in the hour of their dis tress. The matter of collecting funds in aid of this deserv ing charity is in the hands here of the Vice -Consul for France (Mr. George Tully) and Mr. Henri Bounard ; and these gentlemen have already succeeded in raising a con siderable sum for the purpose. If instances were wanting of the popularity of his Excel lency Sir Hercules Robinson throughout the colony, the action of the people of Newcastle may be cited as a pleasing example. The news was received here to-day that the term of ofhee of his Excellency, as Governor of the colony, had been extended, and, on the matter becoming known, the sentiments of the people were given vent to in a requisition to his Worship the Mayor, signed by the principal inhabitants of the city, asking that a publio meeting be forthwith called, in order that the action of the Home Government in thus responding to the general wish of the colony might be thus approved of. An application has been made to the police magistrate for the use of the Court-house on the occasion, and a monster meeting is anticipated. Mr. Thomas Hungerford, M.L.A. for the county of Northumberland, appeared before his constituents at the Protestant Hall, Plattsburg, on Saturday afternoon last, and delivered a lengthy address upon his course of action in the ApBemily during the late session, and on political matters generally. Mr. Hungerford had a most attentive hearing throughout, and on the conclusion of his address, was awarded a cordial vote of thanks by the large audience which had assembled on the occasion. In the way of amusements in the city, we have at pre sent Sam Howard's Company still attracting good houses at the Victoria Theatre ; and our old friend, James Rain fora, at the Protestant Hall with the Ghost show. 