OUR AMUSEMENTS. Victoria Theatre. That portion of the population of Sydney who possess the good sense to go to theatres, and the capacity to enjoy a brilliant per formance when there, have now the opportunity of witnessing, at the Victoria Theatre, a specimen of acting as masterly as it is rare. To say that Mr. Oreswiclc looks the part of Wolsey, is merely to give ex- pression to the thought that must inevitably strike any beholder the very moment that he first comes upon the stage. His every step and gesture suit the character. Every change in his facial expression, every look, whether representing supercilious pride in the time of his prosperity or crushing grief in the hour of his fall, and his whole carriage, from the beginning to the end of the play, are all faithful and natural as well to the Wolsey of history as to the Wolsey of Shakespeare. Hut Mr. Crcswiek's success in the character does not. stop there. His elocution, unstained by windy and meaningless rant, is admirable. The man who can hear him deliver the immortal speeches— familiar to every school boy— in the third act, without feeling that the voice of a master is interpreting the words of the great poet, had better abstain from witnessing high dramatic art, and confine his attentions to the lewd burlesque, the crude farce, or the nude extra vaganza. Failure is a thing impossible to associate with Mr. Ores- wick's name ; but it has never been so far removed from him as in the present performances. The part of Queen Katharine is filled with all the care and ability that an audience expects from Miss Bowring. Mr. Bartlett's Henry VIII. is an undeniably rough and ready individual, and though it might be tinged with a little more kingly dignity, is still a good performance. Mr. Carey as Buckingham, and Mr. Jones as the Lord Chamberlain, are both excellent ; and as Lord Sands, Mr. Bland Holt displays symptoms that the memory of his Christmas engagement at Melbourne is at last dying out. The rest of the company fill their respective characters witli praiseworthy zeal, and no inconsiderable success. tneatrf, Royal. And yet another sensational play — the last from the pen of Mr. George Darrell — entitled " The Struggle for Freedom," has been pro duced at this theatre during the week. To the lovers of highly i xeiting dramas this play — written without much care as to history, date, or place, but simply with a view to afford striking situations and well grouped crowds with all the dances, songs, etc., necessary to such scenes — is doubtless as congenial to the minds of the audience as most others of its kind. The dancing of Master M'Lean was exceed ingly good and graceful. As a whole — well, as it is put on the stage — it is not calculated to increase the admiration for plays of the sort amongst the more thinking members of the theatre going public. Rev. Chart.es Chare. On Monday night, in the Masonic Hall, the eminent lecturer made his reappearance in Sydney to a house crowded to the doors, and even beyond theiu, for a good many people were unable to get in. He looked in splendid health, a circumstance that possibly had something to do with the exceedingly hearty reception accorded to him. For his opening lecture, Mr. Clark gave " Westminster Abbey," written in the shade of that glorious sepulchre of our fathers. It was a magnificent lecture ; and the hearts of the cornstalks and gum-suckers present, the " heirs of all the ages," must have thrilled with pride and pleasure as they heard the eloquent speaker describe an Australian's reverie on Westminster Bridge. On Thursday night, with equal success, Mr. Clark gave another of his uew lecture-enter tainments, " Macaulay and next week some of the old favourites, including the "Tower of Loudon" and "Thackeray," will be trotted out. The Queen's Theatre. Mrs. Scott-Siddous has commenced a season which, in spite of other attractions, will doubtless prove a very successful one, at this little theatre. " Our Boys," au excellent comedy, in which Mrs. Scott- Siddons takes the title role, has been the piece, de resistance during the week. A new version of " East Lynne " is in preparation, and will be shortly produced. The Marionettes. Dr. Punch (A. B. C. D. E. F. G H., <fcc.) and Company begs to inform bis patients that these most amusing imitations of jocular vitality are a safe cure for headache, heartache, toothache, and stomach-ache— for tetanus, hypochondriasis, hooping- cough, and chil blains ; mentally — for melancholia, nervousness, and generalis insanitas. To be sold at " School of Arts," in boxes, Is., 2s., 3s., according to sizes and labels. Be in time, or you'll lose the grandest opportunity ever yet offered of seeing what you shall see. Ye Ghost ! Ghost '? No: but a whole legion of ghosts ! Mr. D'Arcy Read, you have a great deal of indigestion, not to say premonitory typhoid, to answer for. Punch doesn't presume to pry into " the secrets of the prison-house." All he can say is, " 'Tis odd, 'tis strange ; and pity 'tis so odd." 