DOGS AS SPIRIITULISTS.-A gentlemani named Rolmanlos has been alnxious to find out whether dogs are believers in ghosts and spiritulism, and lhas been makingl1 experimeints accordingly, with results for ia knowledge o0f which the world is indebted to the New York Thies. Mr. leomanes begn his resear~ches into these mysteries with a boue ; and this, the critic says of him, " is only sufficient to show theo heartless and ir~iverent character of the man.' If there is anything which a dog holds 'peculiarly scered it is a bone. A terrier will submit to be deluded by false irepresentations that there are eligible cats in the coal-scuttle, or that the piano is full of rats; but ihe feels 'that bones iare too sacred tb lieo made the subject of jest." ir.' Romances however took the bone and tied round it a thin silken thread; and just as the little Scotch terrier, with which his investigations were con ducted, was in the act of seizing it his master slowly drew it way. The poor dog regarded the moving bone with an amaze ment which found expression in erect ears and a tail gradually thrust between his legs and becoming convinced, as Mr. Romanes supposes, that it was but the ghost of a bone, incontinently fled, howling dismally. On the whole, the New York Times con siders that the dog behaved much more sensibly than many men would have done under a similar belief..' In all probability," the journal says, "had Mr. Romanes ever soon a piece. of roast.beef in the act of cruising unassisted around the table, he would instantly:have asked:iit preposterous questions, and would siubsequently have let his hair grow long and have become a con firmed spiritualist. His intelligent dog did none of these thiilgs, but as soon as he decided that he had seen a spiritual bone he refused to have anythiug moroto do with it and continued to wear his hair of. the usual lenigth and to: cling to that faith in which he was educated." Mr. Romanes was not yet satisfied however. He took a pipe,' got some soap and witer, and began to blow bubbles along the floori'. It took some time to convince the terrier that these airy nothings were not a new kind'of particularly dangerous rat ; but presently he put his paw on one, and it of course collapsed. He tried a second, and it likewise vanished; and then, recollections of the ghostly bone overwhelming him, again lie fled. Still Mr. Romanes was not satisfied. He proceeded to "make faces" at his victim, and the grimaces he made were so hideously ugly that we are told the dog mistook him for the worst ghost lie had ever seen, whereupon he crept under the sofa and tried to die. Lovers of dogs will sympathise with the poor little terrier, and if Mr. Romanes continues his investigations will hardly regret to hear that he has had to deal with a larger dog which pursues a more spirited policy with regard to ghosts. DANGERsous DISPENSISo.-A case is re corded in the American Jomunal of Phar macy for February, where a druggist had a physician's prescription " for nitro-muriatic acid and tinetmro of cardamom" to dispense, the ingredients were mixed and the phial handed over to the messenger, when it ex ploded in the 'overcoat pocket of the latter, injuring his clothing and alarming him con siderably. The druggist however made the medicine again, and warned the bearer this time against shaking it. He succeeded in getting homo safely, and handed the bottle to. the patient, who removed the wrapper, when it again exploded, drove the vial cork against her eye, and scattered the acid and fumes over her face. Fortunately, after some. days' suffering. and anxiety, the patient recovered from the injuries received. Witlh'the dilute acid of the British Phliarma copaia'such a catastrophe could not happen, and indeed in this case if the druggist had allowed the mixture to stand a short time, uncorked, so as to allow any reaction to take place without hindrance, it might then have been sent out with perfect safety. NoIGlT LODGERS IN NEW Yo?ni POLICE STATuIOs.-The tramp question in America is fast becoming one of vital importance, and is attracting the attention alike of the philanthropist and legislator. During the sunnler weather thllese dangerous classes quit the towns and cities for the country, where they become objects of terror and dislike. Murders, robberies, and outrages of all kinds are committed in a systematic manner, which bespeak the greatest cool ness and effrontery, and at the same time evince an utter disregard for the laws, which appear to be unable to check or punish these offeilders. The first cold snap of winter however in New York is followed by a veritable pilgrimage of tle professional tramps, either to the office of the super intendent of out-of-door poor for permits to take cup lodgings on the islands, or-as the case of the more industrious members of the clan, who think the season favorable for tie commission of small thefts-to the various station-houses, where at least they may sleep in warm apartments. It has been noticed during the present winter that imong the applicants for lodgings at the stations an unusually large number repre sent i class of men and women unaccus tomed to such dormitories. There are hundreds of people not familiar with the characteristics of crime who, in consequence of the severity of business depression, have become unable to pay even for the slight accommodation of cheap boarding-houses. These crowd with the vagrants by choice, thieves by necessity, and rascals by natural endowments, and may readily be distini guislihed fom them. The apartments to which they are consigned in thi station houses are well-ventilated as a rule, and comfortiably warmed. Their bed is a long, deep, woodein Ilatform, the lhead being about two miand a half or three feet above tihe floor, iandi the foot friom six to eighteen isnches. No pillows or blanskets are filrished. It is expected tllht in returns for thie lodging the applicants will sweep and wlash out the apartmoests in the miorninsg before their departure. To this the plrofessional tramp obijects, but by so doing reders himiself liable to be refuisedil shellter on a secosil application. There are manyS poor people however of bothll sexes lwho imanlifest ia grate ifil appreciaition of this plhiis hospitality, and cheerfilsly perform the requiired service, for which they are generahlly certsain of ac cosmmodlation. The lodging-rooms are thoroighly ;whitewasshed onlce a week, and are hept as wholesome as the buildings willp ermit.--Pictoriail World. PtIwsec'r Picxue.-The wicked stand in slippery iplaces, but for a perfect piicture of reckless insecunrity, you want to look at a frightened woman trying to stand on a camp stool to keep out of the way of a nmouse. AI NI iQU.\L. Sisn--" Not give a pienic, Frank ! rk iddle ! Why not ? I tell you what--if you will nill. the omsnihss, iand thie muisio, aud the refreshsments, and the supper, andI tie chiamupsgune, I'll filnd the ladies! Come isow I ".- Brother Fnrmnk couldn't see it. SUocIuso .ACCIDENT AT WOOLWIoH. - 011 the morning of March 18, at half-past ton o'clock, the police on duty in Woolwich dockyard brought intelligence to Assistant commissary-general Munro that the new shed which Messrs. Shaw, the contractors, were erecting near the factory-gate in the dockyard for storing forage had collapsed like a pack of cards, buryiug many of the workmen. At the time of the catastrophe a hundred and sixty men were employed on the building, the greater number being inside, while the others were at work on the roof, and the latter escaped comparatively unhurt. Telegrams were immediately des patched by Mr. Munro to the arsenal and barracks for surgical aid; and there being a great number of soldiers employed in laying a tramway, speedy help was obtained in removing the wreekfrom the unfortunate men beneath. The shed was being covered with zinc roofing. It extended over a very large area, and its fall was strangely sudden and complete. Anticipating that the disaster was one of grave severity, the general in command gave orders that though the work men weore civilians, they should be convoyed to the Herbert hospital if their hurts were of a serious character. This proved to be the case with five or six menc, one of whom was foreman of carpenters. He was found to be in a state of collapse. Dr. Cuning ham of the abovenaumed military hospital was in attendance with other medical men, and ordered that those of the injured who were likely to remain any time under treat ment should be conveyed from the spot in the ambulances of the Society of St. John. One man named Michael Higgins, a la bourer, living in Rodney-street, Woolwich, had both thighs broken, and was otherwise terribly hurt. Some thirty-five in all have sustained injuries. The Dreadnought hos pital at Greenwich has extendede its succour to some of the men who were not able to go to their own homes. Great excitement prevails in the town of Woolwich; and as there was no unusually high wind to ac count for tile calamity, an inquiry is looked for with general anxiety. The scene im mediately after the accident was distress ing ; but at the same time it afforded ad mirable evidence of the advantage of mili tary training in such help as is necessary in such emergencies. Had it not been for the promptitude of the assistance thus rendered many of the wounded must have remained some time in a position which would have reduced their hope of recovery to a mini mum. As it is, there is great fear that more than one sufferer must succumb to the fearful injuries he has received. The damago is estimated at £2000. Removal of the debris was at once commenced, and the work of reconstruction will at once be pro ceeded with.-Standard. TmE RUIcGe PAssION.-We clip the fol lowing from tile Bendigo Advertiser :-One of the financial agents whose business it is to go about the country winding up affairs of insolvent estates was staying at one of our hotels lately, and on retiring to rest at a rather late hour in the night, requested to be awakened at daybreak to catch an early train. Just as Phoebus opened his golden gates the night-porter thundered at his bedroom door, and the ageut, not more than half awake, asked what was the matter. "Day is breaking, sir," replied tile porter. "Is he," growled tile half asleep man, " what are his assets and liabilities ? " THE SLscMESE Gons.-The deathll is an nounced of one of the living idols of Siam. The oldest of the white elephants, which was born in 1770, died in its temple at Bangkok in November last. Every one knows that this famous white elephant, before whom a whole people bow tle knee, is the emblem of the kingdom of Sianm. It is honoured with the most beautiflcl presents, for the Indians, fill of the idea of meta morphosis, still believe that so majestic an animal could only be animated by tihe spirit of a god or of an emperor. Each white elephant possesses its palace, a vessel of gold, and harness resplendent with jewels. Several mandarins are attached to its service, and feed it with cakes and sugar cane. The King of Siam is the only per sonage before whom it bows the kneo, and a similar salutation is rendered it by the monarch. The deceased idol has been accorded a magnificent funeral. A hundred Buddhist priests officiated at the ceremony. The three surviving white elephants, pre ceded by trumpets and followed by an im mense concourse of people accompanied the funeral ear to the banks of the Menam, where the King and his noble lords received the mortal remains which were transported to the opposite bank for burial. A proces sion of thirty vessels figured at that curious ceremony. All the floating houses, ranged in double file on the Meenam to the number of over 60,000, were adorned with flags of all colors and symbolical attributes. VoLTrnuma's CENsxENAr.--A meeting of republican senators, deputies, and others was held on Sunday to organise a celebra tion of Voltaire's centenary during the coningg exhibition. Their intention is less to honour Voltaire than to make au impos ineg deuonsti ratioen agaienst clericahlism. It was resolved to concoutnrate tile essence of Voltaire's pliilosoplhiceal, moral, and sociefl ideas ih a shilling volume of one thlousand pages, to be spread broadcast tlerongh lFrance. 'Public subscriptions to cover tile expenses will be opened by the republican ipapers. If fends allow, a Voltarian museum, contaiuing whlatever relates to Voltaire, will be opened during tile ecxhlibition. Voltaire's drasmas will be played gratis in the thleatres, and lectures on him will be delivered by the best orators of France. V1crosre We ATS W Or M E TEsIceTORY. - Spealking of tie project of thel New Guinesa visionaries, the Melbourne ilerald says : It being conceded alhnost unanimously that the territory of Victoria is too limited for the reiuciremensts of the population, is it not well to look nearer heome llor tie mceans of extension ? We quoted t.he other day frone the Pall Mall lBudget, ill which it is asserted thllat " there is no question tehat tie bounldaries of the Australian colonies were treaced out in the most waneton ielprovi dence." We ehlieve thaet this is tlhe exact trulh; andli if il be s;o, why shoueld not the imperial govermcenl ee lmovecd e to reaCdjust the bouldaeries of Victoeria and News Soeth Wales ? Thies, it appears te uc-, would be a fcr lore le siblefesil nlo\eelllellt fVer the les\ leaguee to agitate for thean the annexaetion of an islecd ebout swhich very little is known byonidt , ie fasthat it is very unhealthey, peopled by dangerous natives, and supposed to contain valuable minerals. There is, for example, Riveriuna, or more strictly speak ing, the country lying between the Murray and the M\urrumbidgee, which a glance at the map will at once show should properly belong to Victoria. * * * . It might be possible to arrange the matter amicably with our Sydney neighbours, and by a joint petition to the imperial govern ment, have the agreement sanctioned. If this could not be done, then the people of Victoria' have no alternative but to take the matter in their own hands, and agitate in every possible manner for the desired an nexation. The Victorians have ia chance of a territory bounded only by the sea, their selfish protectionist policy is the only obstacle to move towards federation. Our neighbours alone have made their boundary distinct, and that by a course inimical to the interests of the whole group. A BarvE DEED.s-An account of a brave deed comes to us from Wales. The other day M~r. Bydder, chief customs officer at Ferryside, Carmarthenshire, sent his wife with his little girl to Laugharne, in the customs boat, which was going over. Mrs. Bydder, with the two men in charge of the boat, named Thomas Humphreys and WVil liam Davies, on their return to Ferryside across Carmarthen Bay at a point called Warley, met with a sudden gust of wind which capsized the boat. Humphreys, who was an excellent swimmer, first swam with on oar to support his comrade ; but lie not being able to swim, soon sank. He then managed to get Mirs. Bydder to hold on to the oar whilst lie swam round to the boat to see what could be done. He tihen got his knife and opened it with his teeth, cut away the cordage, and after considerable exertion dismasted the boat and righted her; but as she was full of water and there fore only slightly buoyant, they could not get into her. He therefore placed the mast across the boat, and got the woman's arm over the mast on one side, whilst he went anid hung on at the other side. Mirs. Bydder then said, " everyone for himself," and begged him to leave her and save him self, which lie could easily have done, being only about thirty yards from the shore. But lie knew that if lie left the woman would despair and be drowned. He there fore remained by her to cheer and assist her for an hour and a half at the cost of his life, screaming and shouting all the time for assistance, which arrived but too late. The brave fellow sank fronm cold and ex haustion; but the woman was saved. NOT CAUGHT TwICE.-A German in Pli ladelphia who had insured his house for 4000 dollars claimed that stun of tihe office after a fire in which his house had been destroyed. The office declined to pay the money, but built him a larger and better house, which cost but 8000 dollars. Some time after this tihe Deutsehlander was soli cited by an agent to insure the life of his wife; but he declined, for, said lie, " I in sure for 10,000 dollars, and what you do yen my vife die ? Vy you provide me suit a pigger and vat you call a petter vife in stead of paying de monishc. No, no." In a Cape of Good Hope paper received by the s.s. Garomnn reference is made in a sub-leader to an unnecessary destruction of timber-trees in tihe niglhbourlood. of the capital in the following terms :-" Anything more vandalistic we can hardly conceive of." And our contemporary makes a sug gestion which will bear repetition here : " In a country like this we canc only regard persons who, having it in their power, neglect to plant trees as guilty of gross neglect; those who wilfully destroy them deserve very much stronger consure. For our own part we should like to see a law passed similar to that prevailing in Switzerland, where, oil the marriage of any individual, it behoves him to plant a tree, and oni the birth of every child two trees." Those who have enjoyed the advantage of a stroll along tile beautifully shaded footways of many of the Cape townships can bear testimony to tihe great addition made to the comforts of life during the fierce heat of summer by the system of lining the streets with rows of deciduous trees which is generally adopted in that colony. The Portland fislhermen, says the Guar 'dian, have just received from England an immense net, about eighty faithons long seven and a half ficthoms deep, which they intend putting to rather a novel use. The idea is, when they come across a large shoal of fish, to enclose them in this im mense not, and having taken out what is required to close tihe net, and paddock the remainder of the fish until required. By this means great waste that is at present unavoidable will be prevented. A temperance lecturer closed a fervent discourse the other evening by asking how many were willing to assist hinu in putting thie enemy down. Tihe entire audience arose. The lecturer, unprepared for such a spontanceous reply, blessed them anlmost with tears in his eyes, and earnestly adjured theme to go about it at once. It is to the credit of our yocug cmesn that they are so obliging. T'hey all adjourned to thie nearest hlotel, and actively engaged in putting down tie enemy until they couldn't hold any more. There are queer nooks and cornoers left in old EIngland. A visitor to a country parson tells how, when lihe accompanicied hlim lately to takle tie duty in a remote parish, the sexton said: " Perhaps your reverence won't mind preachinc g from tihe chascel, for we've got a ducek asittin' in the pulpit." In Glasgow an iigenious expedient lhas been adoplted for scattering tie crowd thlat usualls assembles at a fire. This is merely a small hlose attached to one of thie engines and under the charge of one of tile fircmein. He begins by showering a small space around tile engine, but gradually enlarges it until the retreanting crowd give ampln e roocc, so tlat tihe operations of thie firemcn are noot imcpeded. Forests versus Famines is tihe title of an excellent pamphlet by Mr. E. HII. Priungle, district engicneer in tle plublic works deipart nlent, Madras, eniforcicg tihe lesson which the Argus began preachingci twenty years ago, tlcit to strip a counctr. of its timbeir, withouit repllanting, is to sciuject. it to in evitalble droughts, sterility, and ficicie. T'lere is generacl dissatisfaction in Servcia regarding tie ncewv: boundaries of tice pirinci pality. Wiith its new territory Servia will receive can augcmcsntation of iclhabitancts to the cuimber of 210,000. Five men own one-fourth of Scotland. One marquis enjoys £1,000,000 sterling, and £160,000 a year. Income from land de rived by one ducal family is £1,600,000 which is increasing every year by the fall ing in of leases. One hundred and fifty persons own half England, seventy-five persons own half Scotland, thirty-live per sons own half Ireland, and all the lands of England, Scotland, Wales, antd Ireland are owned by less than 00,000 persons. The Lancet has discovered the biggest subject of her Majesty in Newcastle-on Tyne. Mr. William Campbell, landlord of the Duke of Wellington, stands six feet four inches in height, and weighs over fifty-two stone. lie measures round the shoulders ninety-six inches, round the waist eighty five inches, and round the calf of the leg fifty-five inches. He was born in Glasgow in the year 1856, and has not quite attained his twenty-second year. From his birth lie was remarkable stout, and at nhie months old lie weighed four stone ; at ten years of age he weighed eighteen stone, and he has gone on increasing since then, and it is with difliculty lie keeps at lis present weight He was brought up as a printer, but was compelled, from his size, to give up his oe-s cupation. His appetite is not more than an average one, and, although not an ab stainer, he is moderate in his use of alco holic drinks. The Hobart Town Mercury of May 8 says :-" Only a few days since we pub lished the particulars of a gun accident which nearly caused the death of a man named Johnson, and now we have to record another accident from the use of firearms, which has proved fatal in its consequences. In this instance the victim, a young man named Michael Mountain, about nineteen years of age, was out shooting at Ridgeway, in the Queenborough district, and while.en gaged in conversation, hlie left his loaded gun leaning against the stable wall. Some of the dogs which the party hal with them commenced fighting, and knocked the gun down, causing the charge to explode. Mountain, who was standing near, was shot in the back of the head, and merely ex claiming " 0 1 " he fell lifeless on the ground." A person who had been listening to a very dull address remarked that everything went off well-especially the audience. Big mushrooms have this season been commoner than blackberries, but one found lately at Caramut, and described by the Koroit Herald, is certainly worth notice: " It stood eleven inches out of the ground, the stem itself measuring seven inches in diameter. It measured twenty-three inches by twenty inches across the top, and when weighed turned the scale at seven pounds and a half." The editor of tihe Southern Cross has been removed by the proprietors owing to pla giarism which was exposed by the Mel bourne Argus. Several torpedo boats of private manufac ture recently constructed for the British government have attained the extraordinary speed of twenty-seven knots an hour, which is about the speed got out of the fish torpe does at the royal arsenal. This speed is three knots faster than that of any other torpedo yet produced, and speed in such a case means range and precision as well as a saving of time. Mr. Copley, the celebrated portrait painter, and father of the late Lord Lynd hurst, once met a lady in the street, who said to him :-"Ah, Mr. Copley, I have just seen your likeness, and I kissed it because it was so much like you." " And did it kiss you in return ? " he asked. " Why, io," was the reply. "Then," said Copley, " it was not like me." The Princess Louise Marguerite Alex andra Victoire Agnes, thle future bride of the Duke of Connaught, is the second daughter and third child of Prince Fred erick Charles of Prussia. She was born at Potsdam in July, 1860. The Duke was born in 1850, and is consequently ten years older than his fiancee. A desperate fight, directly traceable to grog, took place at Killeivan, near Mary borough, Queensland, on the 18th ultimo, between two tribes of aboriginals hailing respectively from Boonara and Mondure. The Maryborough Chronicle relates that they reached that town on the previous evening, several of them owning cheques for services rendered. These they soon got rid of, at the same tine becoming possessed, in some mysterious manner, of enough rum and brandy to keep themis fighting and howl ing all through the night. In the morning two champions, named Bungary and Jackey, attacked each other in a most ferocious manner with two new razors. The former had one of his arms cut to the bone besides several deep gashes in both legs anmid on his back; while Jackey fared still worse, his body being one mass of frightful wounds, his head cut nearly through the skull, and an ugly spear-thrust in the side, in which thie head of the weapon remained firmnly embedded. Neither of them is expected to live. Professor: "Is the intonsity of gravity greater at the poles or at the equator 2" Student: "Yes, sir." Professor: "Which.?" Student: " It's greater." Critic (to artist) : "Don't you think that modern tables are out of pilace in an ancient picture ? " Painter of the picture : " They had modern tables in them days as well as now." It is intended to take stelps shortly for supplying the whole of the militia regiments in the United Kingidom with thie Martini Henry rifle, and large contracts are being entered into for the manufacture of that weapon. " Come, Jane, get up ! " shriekcd Mrs. Spilkilns at thie foot of the attic-stairs early this miorning. " Hurry downstairs now. It's quince plreserving-dasy, you know." " Yes, mrnelt-us-lade niawake all night a thinik ing about it," replied Jane. A correspondent, whoso coloured servanmt asks for freqiuent leave of aibsence, says she is thle most, inveterate Diniah out hlie ever knuew. An Eastern man has advertised for " a boy tio open oysters with a reference." We doni't believe it can be done. A l'rench marqauis riding oni horseback one day iaisseld a priest trotting along con tentedly mon a quiet donkey. " I-In, ha 1I " excliimied the miiarquis, " how goes thile ass, good fiathor ? " " On horseback," replied thie plriest. 