MISCELLANEOUS: ITEMS. d Land Boards will sit as follows :-Alexandra, 0 Monday, 1st April, at 10 a.m.; Benalla, 2nd April, I at 10 a.m.; Shepparton, 12th April, at 10 a.m.; Seymour, 3&th; April, at 11, a.m..; and Heathcote, 12th Airil, at 10 a.m. Raeutly numerous cases of housebreak ing and thefts of jewellery took place in the northern'subnrbs, and from the manner in which th~y were committed it is supposed I that'they were the work of atgang of young C criminals. Yesterday evening Detectives a Brown, Lovie, and Bishop found three i youths named William Johnstone, Thomas t Jones, and Henry Harrison in the Royal lane, off Bonrke street east, and having reason to suspect that they were. concerned in these robberies arrested them. On search ing them they found two silver watches, a r pair of solitaires, six gold rings, a bilver t neckchain and a newisilkhandkerchief vith a map of the Isle of Man in the centre in their possession. The lads were therefore locked up on a charge of stealing these ar- I ticles. They will be brought before the City Court to-day, when a remand will pro- J. bably be applied for in order that the owners ot the property may be discovered. A man named William Stephens was found early on Wednesday morning (says the Bendigo Independent) lying on the ground at the back of the city warehouse, in a very , weak condition. Constable Fox had him conveyed to the Bendigo Hospital, where, immediately after his arrival, he died. Mr. Strickland held an inquest on the remains n at the institution during this afternoon, when Edward Stephens identified the body as that of William Stephens, a miner, re siding at Long Gully. He had only been about eighteen months in the colonies from Redruth, Cornwall,England. He was forty three years of age, and had been asthmati cal from his childhood and had suffered greatly with his chest. The medical evi dence showed that death resulted from dis ease of the heart and the jury returned a verdict accordingly. A somewhat stcrange disease (writes our Melbourne correspondent) has broken out here among the dairy stock. In many herds the cattle are suffering from bad eyes some being totally blind. The eye seems I in the first stages to be greatly inflamed, and is afterwards covered with a white scale which remains for some days; in the mean while the poor beasts are quite blind. The only cure which has had only the effect of reduicing the inflammation is a solution of weak bluestone water and sugar applied to the eyes. In a short time the sight re turns again, and becomes all right. A traveller has apparently victimised a number of publicans in this town (says the Geelong Advertiser). During the past few days he has been urging hotolkeepers to buy port wine of the Diamond brand, worth about 40s. per dozen. He has been selling the wine for 33s. per dozen, and allowing 5 per cent discount for cash, alleging that he had purchased the liquor at a sale of stock in an insolvent estate,. A publican in Ma lop strect, who has lately started in busi ness, discovered, soon after making the bar gain with the traveller, and paying for the wine, that the liquor he had purchased was colonial wine, and not of the very best de scription. This discovery led to others of a similar character. Shortly after 9 o'clock on Wednesday evening one of the victimised puBlicans fouund the traveller, who is well known in Gelong, just as he was about to enter a public house in Mercer street. The swindle was explaited, deiounced, and threats of imniprisonmucnt made. the result being the return of the money paid for the wine. The Goulburno lerald gives the following ghost story :-"Lattely there has been some excitement amongst the superstitious, num hers of whomu go off in parties, with guns, etc., to the range above Stewart s garden, where there is an unftinished stone house. Here an apparition is said to make its ap pearance in the form of a light, and to Itravel, sometimes very slowly, and fre quently very guickly, from the river ba:nk just below, !p to, and(l around the house, then varying the performance by a. run among the trees. This is said tabe kept up from an early hour in the evening until 3 in the morning. All endeavours to get near the light are said to prove futile. On Mon day evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated on Church H-ill to view the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is con siderable. The residents of the Old Town ship and near the range are esatisfied tha2t there is no practical joke about the affair." A tramp came down a dusty road, and sat down to rest on the stops of a house in a quiet village street. Through the win dows the voices of a man and woman in violent altercation were heard, and the tramp listened intently. Angry words, and occasionally the sound of something thrown came to his ears, and he could hardly sit still. At last evidently the wife had taken a broom, and the blows fell fast and furious. Our tramp could stand it no longer, but rushing round to the lid..door, darted in, and stopping between the loving pair, cried in a husky voice, "Give us a clip or two with the broom, old woman; it seems just like old times." No matter how much we wander the old home feeling will get us once in a while. On Saturday last (says the tramilton Sjpe tator) Mr. M'Gilvray, a farmer went to look for horses in a paddock owned by Mr. John M'Millan, at Murndal, and on coming up to an unoccupied hut, saw what he took to be a man inside l:e called out to the sup posed individual several times, hut on re Scoi'ing no answver made a closer examinationl and found the figure to be that of a corpse swinging to a crossbeam, an upturned stool showing how the unfortunate fellow had succeeded in swinging' himself into eternity. From documents found in the pocket of the 'deceased it would appear that he wasnathed William Kusson, and on the 3rd Jiuly, 1876, was discharged from the Kew Lunatic Asylum. The deceased was last seen alive on Thursday by a boy named Edward Hoskin, at the Murndal State school yard. How to keep moths out of old clothing 3 uive it to the poor. Great domestic contest after the honey moon-Which shall be the speaker of the new house? There are two eventful periods in the life of a wnman-one, when she wonders whom she will have; and the other, when she wonders who will have her. The trial of an action Chirnside v San derson was concluded in the Supreme Court on Wednesday before Mr. Justice Barry. The action was brought to try the right to 1,500 acres of pastoral country at Mount Bealiba, near Dunolly. In 1848 Mr. G Coutts was in occupation of theBealiba run comprising about 48,000 acres. In 1851 the run was transferred to Mr. Cochrane. In 1854 Mr. Cochrane, with the consent of the Government, subdivided the run and transferred a portionf of it, eubse quentlycalled the Sandy Point run came into the occupation of the defendant, Mr. Thos. Sanderson. The other portion, known as Bealiba, came into the possession of Mr. J. B. Chirnside, and the question in dispute was as to the boundaries between the two runs. The defendant gave evidence that the land had been occupied by him, or by the persons through whom he claimed, since the division of the two runs;,but this was denied by witnesses called for the plaintiff, who asserted that the grouhd was. always supposed to be part of Bi The jury, after a short deliberatior "at ver dict for the defendant. \- -·I 