JOSH BILLINGS ON BIRDS. THE QUAIL. The quail le a (game bird, about one size bigger than the robin, and bo sudden (bat they hum when they fly. They have no song, but whistle for mueic, the tune is solitary and cad. Tbey are shot on the wing, and a man may be good in arithmetic, fustrate at parsing, and even be able to preach acceptably, font if he ain't studied quail on the wing he might as well shoot at a etreak of lightning in the ety as at a quail on the go. Briled quail, properly supported with jelleys and a Champagne Charlie, iz just the most difficulty thing, in my humble opinion, tew beat in the whole history of vitiles and something to drink. I am no gourmand, for I kan eat bread and milk five days out ov seven, and smack my tips after I git thro, but if I am asked to eat briled quail by a friend, with judishous accompanyment, I blush at fust, then bow my head, and theu smile sweet acquiesence—in other words, I always quail before such & request. THE PARTRIDGE. The p&rtridge; iz also a game bird. There game ie tew drum on a log in the Bjiring ov the year and keep both eyeB wide open, watching the sports man. Partridges are shot on the wing and are as easy 10 miss az a ghost iz. It is phun enuff tew see the old bird hide her young brood when danger is near. This most be seen, it cannot be described, and make enny body be lieve it. The partridge, grouBe, and pheasant are cousins, and either of them straddle a gridiron natural enuff to have' been borne there. Take a couple of young partridges and pot them down, ana serve up with a kind or chorus, and they beat the ham sandwiches you buy on the Camden and Amboy Road 87$ per cent. I have eat these lamentable New Jersey ham sandwiches, and must say that I prefer a couple of basswood chips, soaked in mustard water, and stuck together with Spaulding's glue. THE GOSLIN. The goslin is the old goose's yung child. Tbey are yeller all over, and az soft az a ball of worsted. Their loot iz wove hole, end they kan swim az easy az a drop or kastor-oil on the water. They are born annually about the 15th ol May, and never woz known to die naturally. If a man should tell. me he saw a goose die a natural death, 1 wouldn't believe him under oath after that, not even if be (wore he bad lied about seeing a gooie die. The goose are different in one respect from the human family, who are eed tew grew weaker and wiser, whereas a goslin alwus grows tuffer sod more j)hoolieh. I have seen a goose that they sed was 93 years old last Jane, and didn't look an hour older than one that was only 17. The goilin waddles when be walk* and paddles when be swims, but never dives like a duck out of eight in the water, but only changes ends. The food uv the goilin iz rye, corn, oau, and barley, sweet apples, hasty pudding, succotash and biled cabbage, cooked poiatoze, raw meat, wine, jelly and turnips, stale bred, kold bash and buckwheat cakes that are left over. They aim so particular as some pholks what they eat, won't git mad and quit if they bant bare wet toast and lam chops every morning for breakfast. ^ 