i THE NOVELIST. 1 MY UNCLE BEN. MY uncle Bon belicrê in glionta 1 ' Of couran, ho did. Ho used to way.: 'No modern mansion of'stucco and plaster for mo ; give mu n grund old house, covered with ivy anil hidden by ti ees, whoso walls aro hung with tapestry, anti whoso plissages, extending from loom to room, make tho blood curdle with their ¿doom and lunglli. Why, far, there is somethiiig enlivening men in its decay ; the dampness of its walls, und tho cracks in tho discolourud ceilings, which only suggest to the vulgar ininti aguo and rheumatism, aro evidences to mo of its veiiur nblo ago mid respectability. The very mico that (.camper up and down in the time-worn wainscoting give mo a friendly grouting that 1 never meut in your uovv-fashioned houses, built for a race of mammon worshippers who have mude their wealth out of shoddy and petro- leum. ' People mourn over tho various ills that flesh is heir to, over the loss of money, lands, mid health, mid other insignifieunt things, lint I mourn over tho declino in the race of our ghosts-that is n real loss ; but what can you expect 1 They aro sneered nt hy foolish scop tics, and insultod by dtotiouary- enncoctors uko Walker j what decent spuctro could feel tiny respect for himsolf when pooplo call him ' specter !' It is enough to make him contemp- tible in his own eyes, and cause him to let him- self out to bo exhibited nt mi enlertniimiont. combining instruction, niiiiisciwnl, mid horrors, for tho small sum of one shilling per henil. What honest, gentlemanly ghost, who lives in it quiet, respeetablo country honso, would have any connection with tho disreputable roving spirits that can bo called up by any charlatan or impostor to play on a cracked accordéon, to make stupid jokes, to untie knots, and to ni]) out ghostly revelations from a dirty deni tnblo 1 Au old-fashioned, aristocratic phantom would despise the tricks of such noniiidie nonentities, us lie wanders through the ii roary corridors of the haunted house, or remains in his gurret or cellar, thinking over tho good old times when lie appeared with clunking chains to frighten weary wayfarers, and luako the uive-struck folles shudder as they sat.in tho old chimney corner. ' Think of the thrilling interest he excited when ho revealed to the truu heir the place where tho money was concealed that lie lind robbed him of beforo ho left this life for the lund of shades. Such a ghost was well worth knowing; mid so was the good old scholarly phantom who required you to speak lo him in Latin, who appeared only at tho canonical hour of twelve, and who could not bo got rid of with your furniture, but romnincd ono of tho fixtures of the ancient mansion. ' To have such ii ghost in your family is the only critorion of age mid respeotability ; once a man was known to ho a gentleman by the house ho inhabited, by his ourringo, his oont-of nrnis. Now Mr. Solomon Stubbs, the retired cheossomongor, buysthehousoof the ruined Mar- quis do Snng-Azur, and purchases a crest at the Heralds1 Collogo ; ho may purchase almost any- thing, may keep a dozen carriages, but he can- not buy u ghost, it is only tho ancient families that can keep that proof of respectability.' I really boliovo that TJnolu lien valued the shade that was snid to htutiit his house far higher than all his moro tangible property. Nothing mndo him moro angry thiin for any one to doubt its oxistonce ; ho wns always ready to break a lance with any sceptic on the subject, and to oller him a bed in a haunted room ; mid, although ninny of the younger niem bors of tho family scoffed at the story, very few hud the courage to accept the challenge One winter night, when tlio wind was monn- ing round tho chininoy pots mid through the naves, singing a dirge among the loalless bruu ohes of the gaunt old spectral trees for the joys of the dead summer, tho family was gathered round tho Uro in tho driiwing-rooni. "Uncle Bon, who was standing with his back to the lire, said to his nephew : ' I think, Joe, we had bottor put on another log of wood ¡ 1 don't feel inclined for bed yot, and I suppose you youngsters intend to sit up half the night as usual.' ' I don't mean to turn in yet, for one, uucle,' replied Joe. 'Tell us ono of your ghost stories : a, rogiîlar blood-curdlor.' ' Ah, Joe,' said tho old man, ' I inn afraid you aro a thorough scoptio. You disbelieve in all supernatural appearances.' * Certainly,' answered Joo, who was secre- tary to tho Literary Debuting Society in tho littlo town of Mudborough, and who had writ ton mi essay to prove the non-oxistoncc of every- thing, and that wo urn simply tho creations of otu1 own thoughts. ' Certainly theso impal- pable spectres uro only optical illusions whian the disordered condition of our weak physical organs brings boforo IIB.' II own you aro a elovor Ind, Joe, but 1 don't oaro a button for your arguments. I boliovo in ghosts because I liavo seen them.' ' Oh, I am open to conviction j if you intro- duce mo to n bona fide ghost, I'll givo in, I boliovo only in tho things I understand.' . Joe, you havo ns littlo faith as a Jow, and if you only boliovo in what you understand, your oreod will bo shortor than tliat of any man I know.' ' Can you give us liny proof 1 Can you men- tion ono instatico in which tho sceptic hits up poured to any one you know V ' A. hundred, if you wish it,' said tho old mau. ' Ono will do j give- us ono genuino case, and wo will believe.' ' 1 will ; listen. Tho story that I am nbout to relato is nu incident thnt happened to myself Homo twenty years ago, and for tho truth of which I can vouoh.' ' Well, proceed.' ' I would givo you tho history of tho sooptre attached to this IIOIIHO, but that only appears to a favourod fovv, and I have not yot soon it, although I have often onougli hoard tho noises it mnkoH.' ' Wo should profor a ghost that eau bo soon, if you liavo ovor mot with ono,' You ¿must understand that 'the villago in wilton I llvod, Uko many others, possesses its spootrnl visitor, About a hundred yonrs ago un ancestor of mino started for London in his travelling ourringo ono ovoning about the latter omi of Juno. Ho was an oxoeodingly irufoiblo lunn, and as tho ooaohinun was not rsufficiently tjuialc in preparing the vohiolo, ho bocamo much (¿enragqcl,, ,nndji§M8qd^oÏTOoUingIy ' passionate langüago^J'oíJ-Volno(tlmo''thü coaolimau bore liis'iabuso'patiehtlyi but at lost ho also lost his tompor, mid »truck' the old gentleman in tho face. ' lu those days ovurybudy wore a sword ; and my ancestor who was iilvvuy» too ready to draw, , snatched his weapon from its sheath, and with I ono blow severed the unfortunate man's, head from his body. ' , ' Conscience-striken ut this fenrful crime, and terrified by the dread of its cünseipionoos, ho iu7.üd upon the headless body for a few moments, and then, being seized with a fit of apoplexy, waa carried into the houso by his servants, whero lie died in a few hours. 'Well,' said Joe, 'although the story is hor riblo enough, it has nothing of the sttporniilural in it. It is quite possible that nu angry ohl man may commit a murder, anti die of fright.' ' Yes, you uro right j if the lulu ended there, there would bo nothing to doubt ; but what ] am going to tell you, ] am afraid, will bohco/led at by my sceptical young frionds who disbelieve everything they do not seo or heal.' ' That's meant for mo,' said Joe, with u laugh. Never mind, uncle ; go on with your story.' ' Yes, my boy, now I come to the murvellous part. Every year, ns the hands pf the clock point to tho hour of midnight, n travelling car- riage with four horses, driven by n headless coachman, leaves that villngo, and passes down tho London Itoud.' ' lie must be elevor if he can seo to drive without his head,' interrupted tho still sceptical Joe. ' That J cannot explain ; some ghost-hcors say that it is possible for people in a clairvoyant state to read from the pit of the stomach ; at all events, a dead man may be possessed of faculties that wo do not understand ; for a man becomes considerably altered when ho is dead.' ' Ho does, I admit.' ' And if you allow that ti dead niau can drive at all, the small matter of a head moro or less is of very littlo importance,' 'Just so.' ' You know that when a mau dies he becomes it spirit.' 'That's rum,' said Joe. ' No, sir, it's not rum, nor whiskey either ; anti if yon cannot listen to- my story without endeavouring to turn it into ridicule, l lind bettor leave oil',' replied Uncle Ben who was us peppery ns his ancestor. ' Oh, pray go on, uncle,' exclaimed nil the listeners, ' we'll try to keep Joe in order.' ' Well, as I was saying, this uppuritiou niado its appearance once a your, us the clock was striking twelve. Jinny of the villagers had heard tho tramp of horses and the rattling of wheels, ns the ghostly cortege passed by. Now and (hen some favoured individual witnessed the headless driver, us ho whipped his horses on towards London. But in nil cases the coach passed too quickly for any ono to seo whether tho old gentleman was inside or not,' 'And did no one ever seo him V asked ono of the party, ' You shall hoar, I will confess that, until tho night when the incident which I am about to relate took place, I was as great nu unbe- liever as any of you, and always treated the whola account us an old woman's tale, only fit to frighten children. But one evening as 1 sat smoking with some old friends, ono of them, a devout believer in everything supernatural, begun to talk about the family legend. I, as usual, throw ridiculo upon the whole nftidr. Perhaps (he good wino had inspired mc with moro than ordinary courage, porhnps not; al, nil events, I horrified some of the company by stating my intention of venturing out to wander down the rond, and seo if I could meet the phantom cavalcade. 1 sworo that if 1 did I would ask the old gentleman to give ino a lift, anti ottered to bot Í100 that the whole legend was a pack of lies.' ' And did yon gol1 ' Yes ; although some of tho more supersti- tious of the party tried to prevent me, I porse verctl, anti wandered out into the night ready to meet with ghost or goblin.' ' And did you meet him V 'Just as I emerged from the lan" tho village clock chimed tho three-quarters, und 1 sat down upon a moss-covered inilestono to wait and watch for the phnntoius that 'como like shadows -so depart' The night was chilly, nuil, us 1 wrapped my cloak around me, Í began to shud- der, ¡is J wondered if, by any possibility, there could have been any truth in the strange story that J had heard. I" luid brought with me a pocket-Husk, so ] treated myself to ii nip to warm me, as I gradually felt, like the mau in the play, that all my courage was oozing out at my lingers' ends.' ' Oh, uncle, afraid !' cried ono of the boys. ' Yes, my boy, 1 must confess it, for tho mo- ment I begun tu wish 1 wits back in the com- fortable old diiiiug-ronin ; but us the brandy warmed ino up I laughed at my fears, und deter- mined to stny it out, careless of man or devil.' ' Suddenly tho clock struck the hour of mid- night. ' As tho last echoes died away, I heard, in the distance, a sound uko tho noise of n enrringo and horses approaching. My blood begnn to curdle in my veins j it enmo nearer and nearer j and at last I saw a curious okhfashionod vehicle coming towards mo at a furious paco. ' For a moment I was speechless, but mus- tering all my courago, I oriod out to the oottohmnn to stop. Ho did so, and then, to my intonso surprifo, I saw that his head hud boon sovorcd from tho trunk. Tho ghastly hoad lay by his sido on the conohbox, which perhaps necountod for his being able to hom- iny oi'ies. 'As the ourringo stopped ho sprang to tho ground, Hung open the door, lot down the stops, nntl signed for mo to cntor, By this lime my nerves woro well bracod up, und I jumped in without any fear. ' Upon entering tho couch mid taking my sent 1 found myself opposite- an old gentle- man who was dressed in the costume of tho commencement of tho roign of George III. Upon his head was au old-fushionod tie-wig, and in his hand was a miked sword, which was still covered with blood. His face was of au unearthly pallor, and had upon it a soured, scared look, which did not multo him a vory pleasant-looking travelling companion. ' For sonio timo wo snt faoo to faoo ; and when I found that ho did not appear to tako tho slightest notioo of mc, I bogan to ho moro at my easo, At last I thought it would bo vory unolvil to rido in tho old gontlomau's conch without spoaking to him, and I also folt inolined, ns I had nevor boforo root with a reid ghost, to pualco .his acquaintance.' So I, by Í way- of "opening 'tho oonvorsalion, Baid,- " '" A splendid night, sir." ' 'The oldorly party lu the tio-wig mude no íoply. ' " Tn a hurry lo get lo town, 1 presume ? J um very much obliged tn you for I hu lift." ' Still no answer. After this wo both sid for nomo tiiuu in «¡lenco ; (ho ghost scorned buried in thought, mid I luiiinliiod watching him with great intniest. At last, the night being chilly for Ihn timo of Ihn icitr, und thu conch having about it a peculiar atmosphere like that of a. vault, I bogan to feel extremely, eold, mid I drew out once- more my flask of brandy. ' The eyes of tho old fellow lit up and twin- kled with oxcitomeut as ho saw mo drink. I ottered him the bottle ; he accepted it with a low bow, and followed my example. ' " Thank you,' said lio, " I have not tustcd such good brandy for immy u day." Ile then drovv out his snull'-box and uttered mo a pinch. Not daring to oflend him, I took one, but 1 carefully lot it drop on tho lloor of tho ourringo when his eyes woro turnod away. ' After a second nip the old gentleman grew quilo sociable, and begun to talk ; ho compli- mented mo upon my bravery in daring to slop his carriage. For just ono century ho hud, oiico a year, driven along this road without meeting with any one who had the courage to > ride with him ; and, through me, he would he released from all further punishment, which was to last until some bravo fellow nccom- j I panied him in his drive, and conversed with him. ' Fur this release he heartily thanked me, and said that, for my courage, I should bo lucky in all my business speculations ; und, ns you arc aware, ho turned out a truo prophet.' ' Did you talk ubont anything else I' asked Joe. ' Oh, yes. My old fiicnd had as much curiosity us a woman,' said Uncle Ben, who, I need not say, was an inveterate bachelor. ' Wo lind a conversation about Loudon.. It appears that he was a great beau in his timo, and ho considered himself an enormous favourite with the ladies. Ile wished to know who was tho reiguing toubt, and wus much disgusted when I told him that toasts had gone out of fashion.' ' Wns that all V ' Oh, no. Ho told ino where the best civet and pomatum were to bo bought, and who wits the best peruke-maker, and was still more surprised when I said that no one wore wigs now, except lawyers and coachmen. He asked if travelling was as dangerous as ever ; though ho confessed that he had not been troubled much lately by the knights of tho road. Ho said that ono rode up to stop him twenty-five years befoie, but the sight of his headless driver had so frightened him that he pitt spurs to his ltor.se, and disappeared us if he had twenty Bow-street runners at his heels.' 'Did you not ask what became of him on the other nights of the year, when ho wns not out for his drive V ' Ho said that, iu company with the innumer- able shades who wore condemned to occasion- ally revisit the enrth for crimes committed during their past lives, ho passed his timo hovering round his old haunts, longing to be- come visible to his descendants, and to assist them in times of trouble, but unable to do so. As wo conversed, tho timo rapidly slipped away, and at length the lamps of London be- came visible in the distance. After thanking the old mau for his courtesy, I suggested that I might now alight, ns 1 lind ii great many friends in (own that I should like to visit, but ho shook his head. ' " No, no,' sniil he, " we aro at tho mercy of my coachman ; ho has entire command dur- ing our drive, and ho will only stop at tho placo where he picked you up. See, ho is turning tho horses round ; we aro bound to return." ' If the journey to town seemed short, the journey back wns still shorter. The old man told me a hundred anecdotes of tho people of his time. Ho had been a staunch Jacobite, and ho told mo all about the young Cavalier, and painted tho march lo Finchley in words that did full justice lo Hogarth's picture. The statesmen, wits, and soldiers of the hist cen- tury appeared lo stand before mo in tho Jlcsh, and I never enjoyed a drivo better than tho one I had with my ghostly ancestor.' ' As the clock hlruck one, wo pulled up at the old moss-covered milestone where .1. ¡¡rat stopped the coach. Once more thanking me for the inestimable favour 1 had done him, the old gentlonian signed to the driver to open tho cnrriiigo door. 1 got eui, and, us I turned round to bid him good-byo, I found thal the whola cavalcade-coach, horses, driver, and old gontleinan-had vanished into thin air, and I was alone.' ' Alono V oxelaimetl his henrors. ' Yes,' said Uncle Ben ; ' but the strange thing was that I became insensible, and knew nothing moro until I was found tho next tuoin ing lying beside tho milestone with tho empty brnndy-llask in my hands.' ' I thought so. You emptied tho bottlo, fell asleep, mid dreamed that you saw the phantom cortogo,' said Joe. ' No, sir, it was no dream. When I saw that onrringo, and when I rodo in it, I was as much awake ns I am now ; and when you aro ns old ns I am, mid have soon ns many wonders, you will bo surprised at nothing, and will own that thero are moro things in heaven and earth than aro dreamed of in your philo- sophy.'-JJelffmvta Annual. 