" , " MELBOURNE., (from ocb own cobbespondent.) .. . . Saturday Evening. Many of those persons here who take an interest .fit AheieXcuHaud enqniries-of the Eoyal-JjImdB Commission, and naturally feel some little surprise at the delay that has oqenrred in connection with the case of Mr Hyron 'Moore, a decision in which was expected to have been announced several days ago. At the latest meeting of the commission on Thursday the case was not even mentioned, although at she previous sitting it was intimated that . they would be prepared to state their opinion jupon Mr M Lean's charges against Mr Moore at the next meeting. No doubt some announcement on the subject wfll be made by the chairman -when the commissioners assemble on Tuesday ; but I may add that a rumor has got abroad to the effect that they have not been able to make np their minds as to the merits of the case, and that they will, therefore, postpone the whole matter sine die. The adispute -between the Harbor Trust and Messrs Wright and Orr, concerning the dock en the south bank of the Yarra, has not, as tor as I can learn, developed any further sensational cir cumstances to-day; nor are there, on the other hand, any immediate signs of an amicable arrange ment. The Trust insists on its legal rights and power to take possession of the dock at once, and intimates its intention of doing so i-i el armis, if necessary. Messrs- Wright and Orr, on the otber hand, contest the.right claimed by the Trust, and seem prepared to fight the battle out in the law courts to the end. The whole question of the rights of the leaseholders of the ground on the south bank of the Yarra is a. very complicated one, bufit is also one that must be finally adjudicated Upon before toog,vid the present dispute may probably prove the means bf bringing abont a per manent settlement. 4)ne thing is clear to the most careless observer— thenonstruction of the dock in question should never , have been permitted, pro- jrctingas it does -almost' into the middle of the river at the very point where the steamer traffic is thickest, and where collisions between boats turn ing and rounding to their berths at the wharf are most f requent.- . -I hear that the ghost nuisance is again prevalent in some of the suburbs, Prahran bring more specially annoyed by some cruel and cowardly idiot, who, dressed in a whiteebeet, finds "amusement" —which one' would scarcely fancy could be con- 'grifial to even the lowest and most malignant species of ape— in frightening nervous persons and children in secluded spots at night. It is said that, only a few days ago/tlie daughter of a respectable resident of Prahran was so frightened by this wretch that she has since remained completely prostrated by the nervous shock received. Per haps -a patrol of stout Prahranites, armed with stout sticks, and the intention of using them freely on any pretended "'aupersatural" visitant, would soon "lay" the spirit; most effectually. A, very serious iftaige5 bf assault with intent to do grievous bodily harm Tame before the city beach this morning. The prisoner, a middle-aged man named Smith Brown, and said to be a card-sharper, was brought up cut. warrant under the following Ctreumstances. On the 5th of May last he was drinking with another man at (a pubhehouse in Russell Street, when, a quarrel ensuing between the two, Brown -threw a tumbler at bis companion. The missile missed the man for whom it was in tended, but struck the barmaid, a girl named Ellen O'Connor, on the head, inflicting an ugly wound, from twbioh the blood "flowed in torrents. The jgrtjwas" . taken to the hospital, where her wound was attended to. She was afterwards treated as an out-door patient, and her case was not regarded as. a very, dangerous one until Thnrsday last, when tm- her visit to the hospital certain alarming-7 symptoms were noticed, that in duced the medical authorities of that institution to detain her as an in-door, patient. Last night her condition became, so critical that the police were communicated "with, and Brown was arrested. The -prisoner was remanded for a week, at the re quest Of Senior-constable O'Meera. This, after noon the unfortunate girl was so much worse that it was -deemed desirable to take her -depositions, and Mr Akehurst, PAL, attended at the hospital for that purpose, when she made a statement of the facte; as above mentioned. At a late hour this afternoon she was still in a very critical condition. " 'A " young man named George T. Smith was arrested this morning, on a warrant charging him with embezzling a sum of £108,. the property of the Tradea Hall and'Library Institute, of which .he. was formerly the (Jerk and treasurer. The prisoner absconded in September of last year, and went to England. He returned to the colony by the ship Aristides, which reached this port on the 15th instant, and was arrested at an early hour to-dkyby. Detective Coleman. The defaulter will he brought.before the city bench on Monday. i ' rmustpinferathat I rather fail to see why ihe proposal. toforman other Australian Eleven to play our team upon its return should be scouted to t the extent, it lias been in some quarters. The writers who are opposed to the idea seem to assume that it will detract from the wel come which the Eleven should receive when they get 'back; but "I don't think there is much fear of that. It appears to mb that it would be a pity to disband the Australian Eleven just yet, if at all, and that as they will mast likely be matched against the English amateurs, it would be desirable to give them good practice beforehand, and ttes i xxmli iiot be done better than by; pitting them against a first - class eleven.' A match against the best Australian eleven that could got together -would be vay interesting, as it would show the extent to winch our men havq benefited by their English experience, and demon-; strate beyond doubt their superiority to any other colonial eleven. Perhaps it is on tins score that apprehension is frit. Perhaps it is feared that our eleven would be beaten- I should like to see the eleXEft that could do it, thal's aIL 