:o: ' MACBETH. ' Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- I ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of "Macbeth," charactLr- ' ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime , and terror relieved by the most mag nificent imaginative expression," yet marked with great simplicity of general . design. The date of the produciion of the piece is set by Furnival iit 1605-6, > and "we may take it for granted," . says Kenny, " that it was written in the time of James the First, who ) ascended the throne March, 1603, as it V contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene I, and also a ) complimentary reference, to, hint in an other part. The material for the play ' was found by Shakespeare in Holin- ) .shed's History of Scotland, where the . story of Macbeth.is told at page 168." / The Macbeth and Duncan arc repre- 1 sented to have been cousins ; the first r a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- (' sition, and the latter "so soft and ) gentle in his nature tli.nt the people I wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered and > intGichaiigtably shared betwixt tkem r that where the one had too much of J clemency and the other of cruelty, the \ main virtue between the.se two extre- f mities might have reigned by iudiffer- ) ent partition in them both. The pkniy \ all along keeps close to the line . of f Holinshed, vaiying from it in scarcely ) any particular except in the ,non- appearance in the banquet scene of the f murdered Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy has been presented in ( Melbourne we believe oflener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. The V late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, C Charles Vincent, in their time essayed V the part, and we have had other reprc: N sentativcs, from the burly McKean ( Buchanan and James Anderson to the J little dapper J. B. Howe. But few \ artists have. | made , their Melbourne ( dol.ut in the r$le of t.\6-27iane of Caw- ) do?-. Of those who have, we how call \ to mind Mr. C., W. Barry, at the The- ( atre Royal, July 2, i860, . Mr.s;i Charles -i — . t " I li J i li ji a ..-J - 'e fiup'pbrtinghim aS Ladtjr'iAae- Ir. Henry Edwards as Macduff:,/ ( "nterbdttom as Maleol??i, and J Mrs. singing witches were Mrs.' S the pnncipa. Julia-Matthews. ( Hancock ' on Augi-'is, 1858, at J Previous te that, f the same thatie, J Australian / theatrical firmametJs . - aired Roscins, MaMer, EdwVJfft , ' which as ( 14\. He also played the part,. , wom Y a feat of :memory was entrertieij; derful. This gentleniah' has ;Iong . ( the stage and become a, " family man, and now follows the prosaic business of a thriving papcrhanger. i At the time of the " Ghost" .sehsa- \ tion iii Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy , C was fea-ived to be produced tyith " Pep- ) par's ghost effects," which lyere an- \ iidunced as "combining the real with ( the ideal, the scientific and the'poeti- ) cal, the positive and the illusory," with thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- / market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when ) under the management of the late C James Simmonds. The part of Mae- ( betk was alternately played by Messrs. 1 R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the I Lady Macbeth, was by the late charm- / ing Annie Lockhart. \ It was in tlie part of the Thane's \ guilty wife" that Miss Goddard (Mrs. ( Cajiel) made her bow before a Mel- > bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, ' August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke ( appearing as MffcZ/ci/t. 1 The Opera of " Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by / two different companies at an interval ) of twelve years. The first production was at the Theatre Royal, September ( 8,.x86o, with the Bianclii Opera tom- > paiiy. .Signora Bianclii undertook the music ofhady M«f&(;!;/r,Signor Bianclii'/ Maodiij',"E.mi\e Coulon Maehath, John » Gregg JJa?i(jno, Walter Shenvin Mai- ( cohii. and Mr John Winterbottom was / .conductor of the, erchestra. The se- 1 cond time the Opera was revived was ( ; at the Princess's Tlieatre, under Messrs. J W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title 'S ?-ulo (Moebeth) was allotted to Signer ( To,urnerie,iMacrfW;/(;t'6 'Sighori Leandro ) Coy, Bafiyiw to Signer DoJidi, MaZ- j colm'Xo .Signorl Benso, Physicia?iXo ( Signor FaVas, Oeiitle?voman to Signora J .Tournerie, and luidy Macbeth to Sig- ; S nora Zen'ohh , , . , ) ,f 