Macleod of Dare ] y WILLIAM BLACK, Author of The PriNCESS on ThuLE, ina CHAPTER XXXIII. THE GRAVE OF MACLEOD OF MACLEOD. The monotonous sound of the waterfall, so far ? from disturbing the new guest of Castle Dare, Only soothed her to rest; and, after the various fatigues if not the emotions of the day, she slept well. But in the very midst of the night. She was startled by some loud commotion that seemed to prevail both within and without the house and when she was fully awakened it appeared to her that the whole earth was being shaken to pieces in the storm. The wind howled in the chimneys ; the rain dashed on the window, panes with a rattle as of musketry ; far below she could hear the awful booming of the Atlantic breakers. The gusts that drove against the high house seemed ready to tear it from its foothold of rock and whirl it inland ; or was it the sea itself that was rising in its thunderous power to sweep away this bauble from the face of the mighty cliffs 1 And then the wild and desolate morning that followed ! Through the bewilder- ment of the running water on the panes she looked abroad on the tempest-riven seas slate colored waste of hurrying waves with wind- swept streaks of foam on them ; and on the lowering and ever-changing clouds. The fuchsia bushes on the lawn tossed and bent before the wind ; the few orange-lilies, wet as they were, burned late fire in this world of cold greens and grays. And then a? she stood and gazed she made out the only sign of life that was visible. There was a cornfield below the larch-plantation; and, though the corn was all laid flat by the wet and the wind, a cow and her calf that had strayed into the field seemed to have no difficulty in finding a rich moist breakfast. Then a small girl appeared, vainly trying with one hand to keep her kerchief on her head, while with the other she threw stones at the marauders. By and-by even these disappeared and there was nothing visible outside but that hurrying and desolate sea, and the wet, bedraggled, comfort- less Shore. She turned away with a shudder. . All that day Keith Macleod was in despair. As for himself, he would have had sufficient joy in the mere consciousness of the presence of this beautiful creature. His eyes followed her with a constant delight; whether she took up a book, or examined the cunning spring of the sixteenth century dagger, or turned to the dripping panes. He would have been content even to sit and listen to Mr. White sententiously lecturing Lady Macleod about the Renaissance, knowing that from time to time those beautiful tender eyes would meet his. But what would she think of it? Would she consider this the normal condition of life in the Highlands this being boxed up in an old-fashioned room, with doors and windows firmly closed against the wind and the wet, with a number of people trying to keep up some sort of social intercourse and not very well succeeding ? She had looked at the portraits in the dining-hall ? looming darkly from their black backgrounds, though two or three were in resplendent uniforms: she had examined all his trophies of the chase skins, horns, and what not ribe outer corridor: she had opened the piano, and almost started back from the discords produced by the feebly jangling old keys. "You do not cultivate music much," she had said to Janet Macleod, with a smile. " No," answered Janet seriously. " We have but little use for music here? except to sing to a child now and again? and you know you do not want the piano for that." And then the return to the cold window, with the constant rain and the beating of the white surge on the black rocks. The imprisonment became torture became maddening. What if he were suddenly to murder this old man and stop for ever his insufferable prosing about Berna da Siena and Andrea Mantegna? It seemed so strange to hear him talk of the un- earthly calm of Raphael's " St. Michael of the beautiful still landscape of it, and the mysterious joy on the face of the angel and to listen at the same moment to the wild roar of the Atlantic around the rocks of Mull. If Macleod had been alone with the talker he might have gone to sleep. It was like the tolling of a bell. " The artist passes away, but he leaves his soul behind. . . . We can judge by his work of the joy he must have experienced in creation, of the splendid dreams that have visited him, of the triumph of completion. Life without an object? a pursuit demanding the sacrifice of our constant care? what is it The existence of a pig is nobler pig is of some use. . . . We are independent of weather in a great city; we do not need to care for the seasons ; you take a hansom and drive to the National Gallery, and there all at once you find yourself in the soft Italian climate, with the most beautiful women and great heroes of chivalry all around you, and with those quaint and loving presentations of sacred stories that tell of a time when art was proud to be the meek handmaid of religion. Oh, my dear Lady Macleod, there is a Holy Family' of Grottos-" So it went on and Macleod grew sick at heart to think of the impression that this funereal day must have had on the mind of his Fair Stranger. But as they sat at dinner that _ evening Hamish came in and said a few words to his master. Instantly Macleod's face lighted up, and quite a new animation came into his manner. "Do you know what Hamish says?" he cried, that the night is quite fine I And Hamish has heard our talking of seeing the cathedral at Iona by moonlight; and he says the moon will be up by ten. And what do you say to running over now? You know we cannot take you in the yacht, for there is no good anchorage at Iona; but we can take you in a very good and safe boat; and it will be an adventure to go out in the night time." It was an adventure that neither Mr. White nor his daughter seemed too eager to undertake ; but the urgent vehemence of the young man? who had discovered that it was a fine and clear starlit night? soon overcame their doubts and there was a general hurry of preparation. The desolation of the day, he eagerly thought, would be forgotten in the romance of this night excursion. And surely she would be charmed by the beauty of the starlit sky, and the loneliness of the voyage, and their wandering over the ruins in the solemn moonlight I Thick boots and waterproofs : these were his peremptory instructions, And then he led the way down the slippery path and he had a tight hold of: her arm and if he talked to her in a low voice so that none could overheard is the way of lovers under the silence of the stars. They reached the pier, and the wet stone steps and here, despite the Stars, it was so dark that perforce she had to permit him to lift her off the lowest step and place her in security in what seemed to her a great hole of some kind or other. She knew, however, that she was in a boat; for there was a swaying hither and thither even in this sheltered corner. She saw other figures arrive black between her and the sky and she heard her father's voice above. Then he, too, got into the boat; the two men forward hauled up the huge lug sail; and presently there was a rippling line of sparkling white stars on each side of the boat, burning for a second or two on the surface of the black water. "I don't know who is responsible for this madness," Mr. White said and the voice from inside the great waterproof coat sounded as if it meant to be jocular?" but really, Gerty, to be on the open Atlantic, in the middle of the night, in an open boat" " My dear sir," Macleod said, laughing, " you are as safe as if you were in bed. But I am responsible in the meantime, for I have the tiller. Oh, we shall be over in plenty of time to be a?' clear of the banks." . "What did you say?" " Well," Macleod admitted, " there are some banks, you know, in the Sound of Iona; and on a dark night they are a little awkward when the tide is low but I am not going to frighten you I hope we shall have nothing much worse than this," said Mr. White seriously. For indeed the sea, after the squally morning, was running pretty high and occasionally a cloud of spray came rattling over the bows, causing Macleod's guests to pull their water- proofs still more tightly round their necks. But what mattered the creaking of the cordage, and the plunging of the boat, and the rushing of the seas, so long as that beautiful clear sky shone overhead? Gertrude," said he, in a low voice, "do you see the phosphorus-stars on the waves ? I never saw them burn more brightly." . * The light of republishing "3r.-icleod of Dare" in Queensland has been purchased by the proprietors of The Qacanlamlcr " They are very beautiful," said she, " When do we got to land, Keith ?" "Oh, pretty soon," said he. " You are not anxious to get to land ?" " It is stronger than I expected." " Oh, this is nothing," said he. "I thought you would enjoy it." However, that summer night's sail was like to prove a tougher business than Keith Macleod had bargained for. They had been out scarcely twenty minutes when Miss White heard the man at the bow call out something which she could not understand, to Macleod. She saw him crane his neck forward, as if looking ahead and she herself, looking in that direction, could perceive that from the horizon almost to the zenith the stars had become invisible. " It may be a little bit squally," he said to her, " but we shall soon be under the lee of Iona. Perhaps you had better hold on to something." The advice was not ill-timed; for almost as he spoke the first gust of the squall struck the boat, and there was a sound as if everything had been torn asunder and sent overboard. Then, as she righted just in time to meet the crash of the next wave, it seemed as though the world had grown perfectly black around them. The terrified woman seated there could no longer make out Macleod's figure ; it was impossible to speak amid this year; it almost seemed to her that she was alone with those howling winds and heaving waves at night on the open sea. The wind rose, and the sea too ; she heard the men call out and Macleod answer; and all the time the boat was creaking and groaning as she was flung on the mighty waves only to go staggering down into the awful troughs behind. " Ob, Keith," she cried and involuntarily she seized his arm, " are we in danger V He could not hear what she said; but be understood the mute appeal. Quickly disengaging his arm for it was the arm that was working the tiller?he called to her? " We are all right. If you are afraid, get to the bottom of the boat I" But unhappily she did not hear this for as he called to her a heavy sea struck the bows, sprang high in the air, and then fell over them in a deluge which nearly choked her. She understood, though his throwing away her hand. It was the triumph of brute selfishness in the moment of danger. They were drowning; and he would not let her come near him I And so she shrieked aloud for her father. Hearing those shrieks Macleod called to one of the two men, who came stumbling along in the dark and got hold of the tiller. There was a slight lull in the storm and he caught her two hands and held her. " Gertrude, what is the matter ? You are perfectly safe and so is your father. For Heaven's sake keep still: if you get up you will be knocked overboard!" " Where is papa ?" she cried. " I am here I am all right, Gerty it" was the answer which came from the bottom of the boat, into which Mr White had very prudently slipped. And then as they got under the lee of the island they found themselves in smoother water, though from time to time squalls came over that threatened to flatten the great began right on to the waves. " Come; now, Gertrude," said Macleod, " we shall be ashore in a few minutes and you are not frightened of a squall!" He had his arm round her; and he held her tight; but she did not answer. At last she saw a light a small glimmering orange thing that quivered apparently a hundred miles off. "Seal" he said. "We are close by; and it may clear up to-night after all." Then he shouted to one of the men: " Sandy, we will not try the quay the night ; we will go into the Martyr's Bay." " Ay, ay, air I" It was about a quarter of an hour afterwards that? almost benumbed with fear?shediacovered that the boat was in smooth water; and then there was a loud clatter of the soil coming down and she heard the two sailors calling to each other, and one of them seemed to have got overboard. There was absolutely nothing visible? not even a distant light j but it was raining heavily. Then she knew that Macleod had moved away from her; and she thought she heard a splash in the water; and then a voice beside her said? Gertrude, will you get up? You must let me carry you ashore." And she found herself in his arms carried as lightly as though she had been a young lamb or a fawn from the bills ; but she knew from the slow way of his walking that he was going through the sea. Then he set her on the shore. "Take my hand," said he. "But where is papa?" "Just behind us," said he, on Sandy's shoulders.. Sandy will bring him along. Come, darling I" " But where are we going ?" "There is a little inn near the Cathedral. And perhaps it will clear up to- night; and we will have a fine sail back again to Dare." She shuddered. Not for ten thousand worlds would she pass through once more that seething pot of howling Bounds and raging seas. He held her arm firmly; and she stumbled along through the darkness, not knowing whether she was walking through seaweed, or pools of water, or wet corn. And at last she came to a door; and the door was opened and there was a blaze of orange light; and they entered all dripping and unrecognisable the warm snug little place, to the astonishment of a handsome young lady who proved to be their hostess. " Dear me, Sir Keith," said she at length, " is it you indeed I And you will not be going back to Dare to-night?" In fact, when Mr. White arrived it was soon made evident that going back to Dare that night was out of the question for somehow or other the old gentleman, despite his waterproofs, had managed to get soaked through; and he was determined to go to bed at once, so as to have his clothes dried. And so the hospitalities of the little inn were requisitioned to the utmost; and as there was no whisky to be had they had to content themselves with hot tea; and then they all retired to rest for the night, convinced that the moonlight visitation of the ruins had to be But next day such are the rapid changes in the Highlands broke blue and fair and shining and Miss Gertrude White was amazed to find that the awful Sound she had come along on the previous night was now brilliant in the most beautiful colors for the tide was low, and the yellow sand-banks were shining through the blue waters of the sea. And would he not, seeing that the boat was lying down at the quay now sail round the island, and see the splendid sight of the Atlantic breaking on the wild coast on the western side ? She hesitated; and then, when it was suggested that she might walk across the island, she eagerly accepted that alternative. They set out, on this hot, bright, beautiful day. But where he, eager to please her and show the beauties of the Highlands, saw lovely white sands, and smiling plains of verdure, and far views of the sunny sea, she only saw loneliness, and desolation, and a constant threatening of death from the fierce Atlantic. Could anything have been more beautiful he said to himself? than this magnificent scene that lay all around her when they reached a far point on the western shore 12in face of them the wildly rushing seas, coming thundering on to the rocks, and springing bo high into the air that the snow- white team showed black against the glare of the sky; the nearer islands gleaming with a touch of brown r>n their seaward side the Dutchman's Cap, with its long brim and conical centre, and Lungs, also like a cap, with a high peak in front, becoming a trifle blue ; then Coll and Tiree lying like a pale stripe on the horizon; while far away in the north the mountains of Kum and Skye were faint and spectral in the haze of the sunlight. Then the wild coast around them, with its splendid masses of granite, and its Spare grass a brown- green in the warm sun, and its bays of silver Band, and its sea-birds whiter than the white clouds that came sailing over the blue. She recognised only the awfulness and the long lines, of that wild shore; with its suggestions of crashing storms in the night-time and the cries of drowning men dashed helplessly on the cruel rocks. She was very silent all the way back ; though he told her stories of the fairies that used to inhabit those sandy and grassy plains. And could anything have been more magical than the beauty of that evening, after the storm had altogether die! away The red sunset sank behind the dark olive green of the hills ; a pale clear twilight took its place, and shone over those mystic ruins that were the object of many a thought and many a pilgrimage in the far past and forgotten years and then the stars began to glimmer as the distant shores and the sea grew dark and then, still later on a wonderful radiance rose behind the low hills of Mull, and across the waters of the Sound came a belt of quivering light as the white moon sailed slowly up into the sky. Would they venture out now, into the silence ? There was an odor of new mown hay in the night air. Far away they could hear the murmuring of the waves around the rocks. They did not speak a word as they walked along to those solemn ruins overlooking the sea, that were now a mass of mysterious shadow, except where the eastern walls and the tower were touched by the silvery light that had just come into the heavens. And in silence they entered the still church- yard, too; and passed the graves. The buildings. seemed to rise above them in a darkened majesty; before them was a portal through which a glimpse of the moonlit sky was visible. Would they enter, then f " I am almost afraid," she said in a low voice to her companion, and the hand on his arm trembled. But no sooner had she spoken than there was a sudden sound in the night that caused her heart to jump. All over them and around them, as it seemed, there was a wild uproar of wings, and the clear sky above them was darkened by a cloud of objects wheeling this way and that until at length they swept by overhead as if blown by a whirlwind, and crossed the clear moonlight in a vast body. She had quickly clung to him in her fear. " It is only the jackdaws?there are hundreds of them," he said to her; but even his voice sounded strange in this hollow building. For they had now entered the open doorway; and all around them were the tall and crumbling pillars, and the arched windows, and ruined walls, here and there catching the sharp light of the moonlight, here and there showing soft and gray with a reflected light, with spaces of black shadow which led to unknown recesses. And always overhead the clear sky with its pale Stars; and always, far away, the melancholy sound of the sea. "Do you know where you are standing now ?" said he almost sadly. " You are standing on the grave of Macleod of Macleod." She started aside with a slight exclamation. " I do not think they bury anyone in here now," said he, gently. And then he added, " Do you know that I have chosen the place for my grave ? It is away out at one of the Troshnish islands ; it is a bay looking to the west; there is no one living on that island. It is only a fancy of mine? to rest for ever and ever with no sound around you but the sea and the sandstone step coming near you, and no voice but the waves," "Oh, Keith, you should not say such things you frighten me," she said in a trembling voice. Another voice broke in upon them, harsh and pragmatical. "Do you know, Sir Keith," said Mr. White briskly, "that the moonlight is clear enough to let you make out this plan 1 But I can't get the building to correspond. This is the chancel, I believe ; but where are the cloisters ?" " I will show you," Macleod said; and he led his companion through the silent and solemn place, her father following. In the darkness they passed through an archway, and were about to step out on to a piece of grass, when suddenly Miss White uttered a wild scream of terror and Bank helplessly to the ground. She had slipped from his arm, but in an instant he had caught her again and had raised her on his bended knee, and was calling to her with kindly words. " Gertrude, Gertrude I" he said. " What is the matter ? Won't you speak to me ?" And just as she was pulling herself together the innocent cause of this commotion was discovered. It was a black lamb that had come up in the most friendly manner, and had rubbed its head against her hand to attract her notice. " Gertrude, see I it is only a lamb I It comes up to me every time I visit the ruins ; look!" And, indeed, she was mightily ashamed of herself and pretended to be vastly interested in the ruins and was quite charmed with the view of the Sound in the moonlight, with the low hills beyond, now grown quite black ; but all the same she was very silent as they walked back to the inn. And she was pale and thoughtful, too, while they were having their frugal supper of bread and milk and very soon, pleading fatigue, she retired. But all the same, when Mr. White went up-stairs, some time after, he had been but a short time in his room when he heard a tapping at the door. He said, " Come in," and his daughter entered. He was surprised by the curious look of her face? a sort of piteous look as of one ill at ease, and yet ashamed to speak. "What is it, child ?" said he. She regarded him for a second with that piteous look, and thou tears slowly gathered in her eyes, " Papa," said she, in a sort of half hysterical way, " I want you to take me away from here. It frightens me. I don't know what it is. He was talking to me about graves-" And here she burst out crying, and sobbed bitterly. " Oh, nonsense, child," her father said " your nervous system must have been shaken last night by that storm. I have seen a strange look about your face all day. It was certainly a mis- take our coming here ; you are not fitted for this savage life." She grew more composed. She sat down for a few minutes ; and her father, taking out a small flask which had been filled from a bottle of brandy Beat over during the day from Castle Dare, poured out a little of the spirits, added some water, and made her drink the dose as a sleeping draught. "Ah, well, you know, pappy," said she, as she rose to leave, and she bestowed a very pretty smile on him, " it is all in the way of experience, isn't it? and an artist should experience everything. But there is just a little too much about graves and ghosts in these parts for me. And I suppose we shall go to-morrow to see some cave or other where two or three hundred men, women, and children were murdered I" " I hope in going back we shall not be as near our own grave as we were last night," her father observed. "And Keith Macleod laughs at it," she said, "and says it was unfortunate we got a wetting !" And so she went to bed and the sea-air had dealt well with her; and she had no dreams at all of shipwrecks, or of black familiars in moonlit shrines. Why should her sleep be disturbed because that night she had put her foot on the grave of the chief of the Macleods ? [to be continued.] A Wisconsin man has secured OSiO names to a petition for a State law to prevent any Wia cousin female who has taught school for three years from marrying any resident of that State. Dr. Johnson once silenced a notorious female back later, who was condemning Borne of her friends for painting their checks, by the remark that " it is a far less harmful thing for a lady to redden her own complexion than to blacken her neighbor's.' During the first IBO years from the foundation of the Order of the Garter it was conferred on women as well as men. Nowadays Queen Victoria is the only woman who wears the ribbon and star, which looks remarkably well on feminine attire. Miss. YosniDA, wife of the Japanese Minister, has learned to speak English very prettily. She has a fairy palace of a mansion, flavored throughout with a captivating suggestion of Orientalism ; her silks are wonderful, and as for her china Mrs. Jones," said an observing young gentleman of five years, during a lull in the conversation, please let your teeth down again." It is the opinion of Miss-that males are of no account from the time ladies stop kissing them as infants till they knew them again as lovers, Exquisite coral sets are in the shape of small half-blown roses ; a dew-drop in the centre is represented by a tiny diamond. A coquette is a rose bush from which each young beau plucks a leaf, and the thorns are left for the husband, says an exchange. Athletic sport for ladies ; jumping at conclusions ; walking around a subject; running through a novel; skipping full descriptions. A golden rule for a young lady in to converse always with her female friends as though a gentleman were of the party, and with young men as though her female friends were present. The Puoveuu Didn't Wouic?"A soft answer turneth away wrath," yet if man caught by his wife dealing soft answers to a pretty widow next door says he can show scars to prove that the proverb didn't work well in his case. 