WAGGA WAGGA. ., I _ [rr.ou orr. CORRESI'OXIIEN'T.I I I THE latter part of the past week brought us a marked chango in the weather, tho mild and genial days of tho past two or threo weeks giving place to da} s of bleak winds, and to-day to almost wintrv told. Of rain ive have had a good share, the morning of Thursday bringing us a heavy shower, which carne with a thunleri-torm, that lasted but a short tim», a light rain fo'lowiug till noon-the register for the day's fall being 21 joints .- On Friday wo hod some 13 points, and «gain lor Sunday night the refri-iler gave us a record of 21 points. The rainfall of Sunday night set in with a perfect burric.ine that appeared to havo strength enough in its fury to bear down everything in its passage over tho neighbourhood, but no damage appears to tuve accompanied it for the town beyond the fulling of a tree or two. Outside the town »onie few miles, at Gregado, a station- belonging to Mr. Charles Nixon, n newly-built residence was blown down, happily without any accident to the resident* therein. Tho particulars of this'disaster have not beon fully brought in. It seems to be quite a matter of course that every step forward in the progress of the Great Southern line must be followed by complaints as to the mail arrangements made. It was so when the line reached Bowning, and a repetition of the tale was found as the train reached each station upward to its present stopping place-Bethungra. It is difficult to understand why such a state of things should be. In the present instance the confusion affects our com- munication with Melbourne, and appears to have arisen from some want of concerted action on the part of the Sydney and Melbourne postal authorities. Its effect is to leave us, with nine mails a week, in a much worse position than we were when we had but six. For- merly, the Melbourne mail of one day reached us by 7 on the following evening, and afterwards by 2 in the afternoon ; but now we sometimes have two mails together, and last week instead of having the Argus of one day here on the following, the issue of Wed nesday was the only one received up to Friday evening. The time-table, as now arranged, may suit the Albury people, but with the existing system it is full of incon venience to us, and it is pointed out that all this confusion might have been obviated by the Postmaster-General having taken the simple precaution to get the Melbourne postal authorities to make up a Wagga bag for dispatch by the early train. The Layurd murder i.. as may easily bo understood, nn engrosfl'ng'topio of conversation just now. nestor Gillies, the man who was arrested at Hay on tho charge of biing concerned in tho crime, was brought up at Xnrnndcni on Friday and remanded here, as most of* tho cv iden-o to be produced is in this nighbo'irhood. It wa* expected that the supposed murderer would have arrived ia town la«t evon inp-, but it was deeded not to bring him up until Tu»sdny, so that we may loik-lur his appearance at the Police Court on Wednesday. The police of coursi keep their secrétalo th'-miolvos, and nothing is accurately known of the reve- lations of Jack Martin which nrn supposed to have led to Gillies'» arrest. The proceedings of Friday at the Narandera Polica Court were conducted with closed doors, so that gossip had very little opportu- nity to pie'e up any reliable scraps to satisfy the cravings of its appetite-. Loeked doors, hows.-cr, do not alvv ays~sccnre silent tongues ; and so I find it is confidently stilted that the reason for holding n closed Court to take the first stens in the eimroc ngninst Gillies was that there was an accomplice who is at large-, nnd that this accomplice i« a vv oman. I may with sat.-ty say that very little will ho done m this matter on Wednesday. Gillios will, I fancy, bo simply brought up and remanded. . Further. I think "it will be some time before tho chargois fnllv heard, ns I have it on very good authority thit there will bo some dilficulty in getting hold of so-no of the witnesses necessary to ensure a committal. ' Marlin, the man who gavo tho information, has been re-' m-inded to this bench on tho charge of sticking-up on the .Merool ; and to make onr criminal sensation» more full, we' havo another charge of murder, the »uspectcd man being also remanded to Waggu. The murder of the Pohlman, Brothers, at Nnrandern, »onie years ago, with all iti horrible details, filled a large sna-ne in the public mini for a considerable time.-) One man, Robert Campbell, it will bo remembered, suffered tho law's last pina'ty for the crime; but it was known thit he had an accomplice, supposed to be a mau named Audv Dignam. ' The polico have been on tho look-out tor' Dignam' for years, but he has succeeded in eluding tho most astute and activo inquiry as to his where- abouts. In tho couria of that inquiry ta'ev made some awkward mistalcoi ; so many indc&Tthat; the para- graph heading, " Another mun arrested for tho Pohlman murder," found its way into tho new« column moro than once. Tho last tni''ttpropos discovery was thit of a prisoner in tho Bouike gaol, who wa* supposed to hu Andrew JJignim cured at length, nnd this mau was brought from Bourke to tho Wagga bench, ouly to «how us tho bursu'ne; of another police bubble. List week Andrew Dignam, it i-i supposed, was brought before tho Nuraudera bench, in tho person of '. John Morris" w-ho was charged with stealing a pair of blankets, and sentenced to three months' imprison- ment. After the sentenco ho was ehargid with be.ng ono of tho men implicated in tho Pohlmans' murder, on what cvidenco- I cannot say beyond tho mere rumour that ho was recognized by o well-known Wagga man as tho long wanted "Andrew.. Dignam. On Friday be caine again boforo the Bench, and, ns I have said, was remanded to Wagga. Hero there oro those who knew Dignam well-mon with whom he had worked for years, so that there will be no difficulty in deciding'as to whether the police havo or havo not at length found the object of »onie years of search. Tho charges of Mrs. Capel with reference to certain matters reflecting on the management of the hospital and the conduct of tho wardsman carne before the committee, at a meeting of that body, held on Tuesday last. The gauntlet of denial was first thrown down by the wardsman, in the shaps of a written statement, upon the reading of which thc"discusi,ion on the several gravo charges of the bereaved mother arose. Some of Mrs. Capol's statements wero simply horrible: that for instance which alleged that outside, and but a short distance from the open winlovv of the room in which her fever-stricken son w as lying, there was hanging, when she arrived at the hospital, a mattress, covered with maggots, arising from the accumulation of filth during its ocuupition by another typhoid patient, who had died some day r r so before Medicine ordered but not administered, bed deprived of tho necessary attention of making, neglect and general absenco of anything like the nursing a fever patient required-such was the ordeal of maltreatment the mother affirms her son passed through prior to his removal and devth. To all these things tho wardsman gavo a positive denial, and was supported by the medical officers, oao of whom dealt with the subject with much warmth, out of which arose a very animated discussion, which lasted somo hours. Tho end of it was a resolution relegating the task of investigating the charges to the incoming oommittee, as that then sitting was holding its final meeting. That such an investigation must be held, there can now be no question of doubt, for public feeling is so strongly excited in this matter that no committeo could dare to sbiik tho task. On one portion of these charges, that of tho mattress, in spite of tho positive denial of the wardsman, evidence corroborative of Mrs. Capel's state- ment has been, I learn, given by two patients, who each state that they saw the mattress; and not only this but that one of them assisted in removing it, and pointed out its condition to one of the medical officers. Just tweivo months ago, at a meeting of the members of the Mechanics' Institute.it was'decided to niove for tho obtaining of a lending-out system for tho Free Library^ Tho Municipal Council, as the trustees of the Library, in deference to the resolution of the meeting, and to public opinion otherwise manifested, agreed to grant the privilege. The next step was the preparation of by-laws to govern tho lending out, and over these the good aldermen labo- riously pondered for some months, after which the seed of patient toil brought forth the 'desired fruit -the by-laws were . ready. Another .. month or more elapsed before the toilers' strength permitted them to rise to the effort of sending them down to tho Minister of Justice and Publio Instruction for his approval. Hope, which had almost given up tho ghost at this'long delay, now brightened up, but to be again cast down. The branch of the publio Bervico over which the member for. the Murrumbidgee presides, must bo in very close com- munication with tho Lands Department, and has thus had its good manners corrupted into the vile delay in answering communications tor which that department is notorious. The by-laws were in the office before Mr. Leary'» appoint- ment as a Minister, and no effort could get them out of it. Sinco Mr. Leary'a appointment, applications, have been made for some reply in the matter, without effect; and thus twelve, mouths have gone by over a matter that occupit« two or three pages of foolscap, and which might be read and decided on by any average intelligence in leis than an hour Tho Carandlni family gave three concerts last week to vert thin houses Tho committee o' the behool of Arts appear to have given up the idea of building n now institution ns I learn that 1 ono of the subjects for consideration at their meeting, to- night, is the turning of the lecture hall into a reading room, ai d making the present reading room a library If the I £200 given by tho late Mr Peters is to go, ns it ought, io the purchase of buoks, soino such stop as this will bo necessary but at the samo time, I cannot help regretting that the difficulties in tho way of erecting n new Sehool of Arts hato proted sufficient lo frighten the committee from making the attempt V> o aro hat ing -mlfc an epidemic in dog posoning No loss than from fifteen to tttonty dog» hits been done to death during tho past few day a in this nay in the streets, and no amount ort igilanco has been sufTicinnt to lead to tho detection of tho poisoners Whoa somo of this loosely thrown about strtchntno (which is sometimos hurled into gardens and yardsl happens by accident to act upon the umun element in life in tho body of somo mud-pie making jutenilcs (not au extmingantly improbiblo contingent), i 1 supposo the polico will take some notico of tho practice , meanwhile our canine fat ounte« must take cara of them selves A sad arcidont happened to a man named W inter, on Saturdat Ho was en[,at,cd in some tray in one of the sale yards and while lookin at somo horses receit ed a kick from one of the-n, from tho effect« of which ho died the following morning 1 holtet Mr Nairn, somdinio minister of the Presby- terian Church takes his departure from hero in a few dais, nnd I believe preached his farott eli STJions ou "sunday Hu bucccssor haï not t et been spoken of Store otlo hate had tho most attention m inquiries durmtr the poot wck, fat cattlo buy cr« holding back on ing t ) the drooping price« reported from the Sidney market and the full supply that general grott th and ahuncfart feed hato placed ti lthin reach Sheep are still f ir froji plentiful, und still pnces aro still looked for where thero 13 any inclination to s«il at nil The following sales show tho business of tho tteok -By Wilkmsrn, II inn, Minchin und Cn 2100 ewes for d Wilson to J Nixon 33 horses, W M Nicol'« COO et-es and 400 ti0oe,ets for Mr Donoho» GIO mixed shcpforMr G A\ ilion, fo Mr A 'ninth and 200 mixed cattle by auc'ion By Mr G orge Mair (I- 1 and Co ), 2i00 ewts for Mr m G Minninj to Mr K Cliyton and (JG head of eittl for Mr B Clayton By Rand and Tompson, 100 fat cot s f jr Mr Kilpatrick, U Mr J J M Nickle !!». following «»lectionssjwere made at the Land Office on Thursday -William fe Murphy, oOO ncr s county Bourke parish of Merulcbule lames O'Neal 01 acres, county Mitch»ll par sh Unnquinty Henri Krar icr 00 aere» county Bourke parish Mcrulob Je AVnltor Ritchie, 50 ncr s county Wynyard parish Bulbilgoe Annie Phel m 101 cres, county Mitchell, pansh Bullaii=ee. Aprd 30. _'_ 