IMS AND SKETCHES. THE MONKS OF THELEMfr* A NEW NOVEL'. rBi 'WALTER BESAWlJ AND JAME3 UICE. Abxhoiw ,ov 'BbadtMohbtMortibot,' 'The GOIDEIJ BOTSEUFLY,' &C;, &0. CflASran IV. , ' Onco away from England and the now crot ohola,' ropcaled the Vicar, 'AJau will come round again,' - 'Da you think men #i»grow out of prigdom 2' asked Lord Alwjne plaintively. 'Define me a prig,' returned the Vicar, ' DoQnition rcqaircs thought. It is hardly ?worth the exertion,' Lord Alwyne sat up, and nerved Mmself for an effort- , , . '?Yet you recognise a prig when he speaks, joat as you know a cad. when you see him, and before he speaks. Not only does tho prig approach every subject from the point of view peculiar to prigdom : all prigs- speak in the same tone. Do you remember the Oxford prig when we were undergraduates ? He had advanced views, if I remember light, about episcopal authority. Ho was inoffensively and ostentatiously earnest too. But he was mild—our prig was mild— compared to the modern creatures, amoDg whom my un happy son has thrown away his youth. Let us define a prig as a man who overdoes everything. He becomes a prig because he is not equal to his assumed position. Ho is not, for instance, equal to the duties of a critic, and falls hack upon unquestioned maxims, which rule hia opinions. And the universal maxim among prigs is that no ono has a right to be heard outside then: own body. I wonder,' ho went on with a sigh, 'I really wonder what unfortunate* Oxford ha3 done to bo so plagued with prigs. You go to Cam bridge, and you find them not— at least, I am told they are rare. At Oxford there are two or three gathered together in every Common Boom.' It ia the effect of too much cultivation on a weak brain,' raid the Vicar, 'and wears off as men got older. Affectations never last in theology, literature, or art, These young men have nothing new to say, and yet desiro greatly to seem to have something new. So they invent a sort of jargon, aud call it the only language for tho expression of tho ' higher thought V' ' Yes,' said Lord Alwyne, ' everything with them is in tho comparative degree. There is the higher thought, the nobler aim, the truer method —meaning, I suppose, Iheir own thought, and aim, and method. Woll— well— aud so you really think, Vicav, that my son will como back im proved ; will drop tho livery of prigdom, and talk and think like other people.' ' I am sure ho will,' said tho Vicar con fidently. AJan was away for two years. Daring, thia 8P&C0.; of time ho went all round tho world making observations, his object being chiefly to discover how best to lead his fellow-mcn. First ho wont to Quebec. Oa tho 6teatncr he made the acquaintance of tho third officer, a man of great experience, who bad onco beon admiral in command of tho fleet of tho Imam of Muscat. Ho icsignod hia appointment because tho Imam rofusod to rank him higher thou tho twenty wives' allowance, whereas ho stuck out for such Buperior rank aa ia granted1 by right to forty wives. '?Not,' said tho honest fellow, ' that I wanted twenty wives, blosa you, nor forty neither, being of opinion that a sailor gob on best when ho's got nobody to draw his pay but himself. But tho honor of my country was at stako. So I struck my colors, aud cauio away, and hero 1 am, aboard tho Corsican, thud oilicor iu tho Dominiou Line. That's a drop from1 an admiral, ain't it J' Alan did not reinotnbor to havo heard any of tho customs poculiar to Muscat, and was surprised to loam that tho pcoplo woro most open to iuuucnco, aud most easily pctsnaded. Ho asked bow that iutluoQoo was raaint&iuod.; ' Qivo your ordow,' said tho wwiduriral. ?' li they dou't carry out them ordors, cut their livers out.' This nvothoil, howovot oJTootirc, was clearly hnpmaticablo aa regarded Alan's own tenants. . And jot it loouwd to himself by no me.uia uusuit. ablo to tho pooplo of Muscat, Wby was ttiis? /Why should a thing good for Muscat bo bad for Etitfl&ud;? Ho rotloclotl, howoYor, tli;vt ue 'uv* not jok go fair schooled himself iu tho ovithtui.-mn of humanity to rcooguiso an «qual iu ewry lluck. altullod negro or wily Ailat io. So1' tuat it could not, roallt, bo good for Muscat to cut out liters. Wuou ho pot to Quabao ho began to nwko iu* qwirka about kho Franoh Canadians, They boro tlio best character iu iuo wovlvl. Thov wcro pious, ho was told ; Ihoy wort) sober ; they woro indus trious ; thoy woro honoal; tUoy wo»-o toud parents of aurollllo off«pth-|jk Ho wout among them, After, wUlmwAt difficulty, Rtjttiinr to unvlorstjiil tUciir lt\«K«a«o--thoir t^tk u that of a country district in Koriuaudyi iu tho mjveutoonth cent ary —ho found out that ihey woro all those things— ami mow. Tho moro was not so -\Uiaetivo Ki tho etvanRov. Thoir contenlwout ho ftmn-I vu duo to pvot'ouud ignonuco, aud ihoir wt\ut of enter. yruo to thoir oontbntmcntv, 'Yotj may lead tbo psopte,' a priett V?fel bm, 'mth lhc$-iaC-itbeWj so longai jso do sot ask them to recnva a single oewidW Now -what Alan* wankd waa to inspire his jpeoplo with tl)9 nowcflb of ri^ut, ami with, aa ardent deairo for. nevr ideas. , Whak eeemed good for French Canadiana was not good tat EngYuh toen. So. ho went'. westward— Btcpped a few sights at Montreal, which is tbepJaw whero the Boglish CanakjihePreneh GanaOiap, tjbe Yankee, tho Englishman, the: Scotchman, tbe h'ukmza, the (gieurmao, and tbo Jew jnett, , aai try their sharpness on each othtx. . It is a very jvonusisg city, and will somedaj bee«m« illtutrioos. Bat there was little reason for a aceial philosopher to stay there. He went still westward, and readied Toronto. This was like being at Edinburgh. There, however, he heard of those back wood settlements where the fozeatB ha?© been «teared, and tho land planted, by men who vent there axa in hand, and nothing else. It is only a single day's journey to get front tho flat ehoiej of Toronto, and thogiey ware3 of Lake Ontario,, to tbe hills and rocks, the lakes, fira, aad -heml«k» of the backwoods. And thero Aka found him self among a peopla vho were not led, bat who moved on by themselves, under tie guidaaee of their own sense and resolution. Thia phenomenon surprised him greatly, and he made eopjoas notes. None, however, of the stalwart ianacra eaold give him any philosoohical xeasona for the adracse of the colony. 'Wo send tha JiUIe ones to school,' ana ef them told him. #rWe have our singing choirs, and our lectures, and our -farms to attend to, and' we mean to push qh somehow.' That is the difference, Alan observed, between the common Englishman anil the Cj'm«*'3'. The latter means to puah on eomohow. Hov to instil that idea into hia own people! Ho' made more noteB and returned to Toronto. Then he went to *ii«£-u-i, aw* niujfcu meru lor a mourn, meaiiavmg over against thamighiy Falla, till tha echoes of the thundering river, rolHhg louder and loader, and the thought of the mass of ever-falling waters growing daily greater aad greater, grew too load and vast for hia brain ; aad then bo -ame away. Ho was perplexed by. lhe- contrast of the Prenca Canadians, lad by their priests, who navoi- want to move, and the English led by the one thought, that they ' mean to posh on somehow,' which ia to them like the cloud of amoke by day. and the pillar of fire by_ night. And ha thought all tha timoof his own rustics who cunolika sheep to his lectures, sat like sheep while ho delivered them, and went away understanding no more than sheep. However, in the States ho would certain]? leam somothing. Everybody ?who ia going to try a aa v social experiment should begin by goisg to America, if only to strengthen hia faith. This, in new social experiments, is aptrto be shaken by tho fear of ridicule. - Anything like a- navel adjustment of the relations between capital and labor, landlord and tenant, formes and laborer, buyer and seller, husband and wifo, governor and governed, requires in England such extraordinary courage and confidence th&t; it h absolutely indispensable first to visit a country where new institutions are attempted without such hedtt. tion and fear. New things are tried in America which would be impossible in England, and jet thoy do not succeed, because, I guppose, the most red-hot reformer becomes Conservative when you touch tho unwritten laws by which all his ileus are governed unconsciously to himself. Alan Dunbp waa, going, somehow, to recon struct tho whole of the social fabric He vras about to show oa the Email scale d his own estates how culture, — tvh.tt hia friends caliod 'Tho Higher Culture,' sighing when they thought how rate it ia— may co-exist with, the necessities of the roughest daily toil, and aitkrine in rank or station bo recognised by thoao wio are yet all equal in their love of 'The Higher Ark' It had been hia favorite thesis, disputed by the rest, while still among the prigs, that tbia was tot only possible, but within the ccoiposs and power of any one mm. . ' Why,' ho would ask, with as much warmth aa the fashion of hia school fellowe, ' why should a man, became he goca out hedging sod ditching, because he carts muck, feed* pigs evca' — ho shuddered— 'ctou kills them, be unable to rise to tho leveb en which Wo aUu«l? C&a; wo net imagine huu, whoa hia work is Jods, sitting with thankful heart ia tho contemplation of soma precious work, over which thoagU may plunge ever deeper, and never come to Ibo end ci oil is teaches!' It was generally conceded that the imagination might go so far aa to conceive thia vision. Thou Alau would continue to argue that whAtevtr the mind of maa c&u; concave tha h&ad; of man cu execute ; iu other words, that tho ploughman might be gently and jet rapidly led upvarvl, toll his thoughts rcatsd liabitvullt ou the highest levels. And thia was Uis missicn ialifo. He visited aud cs&miacd; with the greatest interest all tho now social and religtoua eesttuani ties which ho could hew of. There irate those modern Esaenea, who had every thing in common, and who uiilhei marry nor are given ia marriage; th«MO thinkers who hold lhat dirorce should be granted ou tho formal request cf cither party to tho contract of th.it partnership trbich we En glish hold to be iudissolabio even hy common consent of both husband and vife, excopt for roa soua held by Iaw aufiiciont ; the community who divide tho work among each other, and servo it out irrespective ^f liking or fitness, eo thai ho who would Mn bo writing At home has to £« out Mil weed Iho cabbages or sell the straw benies ; tho pcoplo who work or aro idle just as they ploaso; tho institution— iu thia he was particularly interested— in which the vuJo farm* work o£ the morning ia followed by transcou ileuUl diecussion ia the evening. Alau was dis Api^oiutod hew, because ho had c^ly ono evening to «paro for tho place, and they aik«d ad much about Hngldiul tbat it waa bed-timo befcro tho philosophy began. Thca he visited a community ia which emancipated womoa ruled subject toen, and lei him have a rough time, until he cither rcvoUodorr&n; away* Aud ho vent to eeethe place whore the Elect lived together, and danco for tho lovo of tho Lord, Then ho became ac quainted with the doctrinoa and tenota of vogolariana, 6gg-AmUfTUik-aiiatta, wheat-and-corn* arians) and totaV abstainers. Ho found a littlo knot of pooplo who Would havo neitltav ruler, magistrato, cldor, pviosfc, nor clorgymaa amo&j; MiMft at all, bat ruled their affair* for tfeflQ^afllfMi by /& paxliajjaeat whicli eit» erery evtti'ag fas/ Mien dajs in th? week, aud whese the talk Bfi^HfJ eeascs. Thi« ia the reason why, outside tfktiis PaxHament House, they are a eikat- fcdi«; (gg,} aho visited the Iloraong, the M&OM;&tiw;,* and Oaeida Ctesk. Aad «wry»h6«-rb« m^J notes, . ? , Inall l*is researches oa the American, o^tiuoity howas sfcrack wita the f*et that the;pe*-0« ted« no leaden ; Ihej Beenred to lead rtheata^wVt That unhappy caaniry h&l; no traa»cD-eeni| &ttl; - hereditary omoere. The/ hay-9 to lira wilfeoufrv these aidj ia cirilisatitn ; and it muzAkv cwa«d- , tbe- seem to gstoa verj veil bytbea«^»eg,'! Bat the British laborer reqairss— hs abssteW^r reqatrea — tbengbt AJan, to be led. And Jwarto lead Mm? How to acquira iaflosuce twerl^»2; Hov tobeeamg Lii prophet 2 Eoi! loiott'^kAo. bis mind a porposs! This dreadful ihtibofoj] oppressed our inqrunng trarellar, ioJlowBd-h«i itjQ oils coaoirj to assther, and ttcua* ti-, ' times a sort of Old Mas of the Id&ad; upaa kia . ahauldera. , . . ^ 'Send him oreihsre, we,' said &t-; Aia9»ea*v7 with. whom hs disc^ssst}, witboat exposing ioe- owa Tia-ws, the charatisr of tha Brttieb. pkfigb* * maa ; ' «nd him orer here, tax ! Hs c&a;'t «t down aad be contented ia thia ^Jim^fj B(SMai- tent is in the air; *mbiiion is ia tbe air,; «j»d then are no parish workhoosss. Wh&t; jfftfie, done -pith yoox laborer ia tils : jca'je plssied Mm in a jaicy aad fertile country, where tbszftis : and fogs make him crava far drink. Hs'jb £)(*,♦ , fanner driving him at slarratioa iragts «o tin - one tide, and the clergyman's 'wife .&ai;~&£i iqoire'a wife and danghVara aoskeriag Mis «wtbft r other. What with too low wages aad too iapeb^ alnu-taking, joa'rs knocked all tha aua cat «!., him* Hare he g«ta .no cockering ; there's ; so squire, no vicar, no aaion, sod so 4istribata-n«£- blankets aad flanasL Tloxl go hams, sir, Q»i -j try joui folk oa oar task for filty jsaza: -as ; JO.' - j Thai was absurd v'asa Alan v&aied; U- AosriuB , results in five jean, or thereaboats, 'Of coarae,' bis Aiaericaa frisad weal &at; '-afr course it ia absurd to tell joa sir, becaase J*a - know it already, tha main diSarea.58 betweca-sar; mea and yours.' ' Yoa mesa ? ' 'I mean tbe land. TTiea jsagctjoar jecpjcol back again, if ever yen do, yoa sill ded ihaA «bW : Bo yon own \xn-\, sic J' 'Ido.' ' Then let jozr men bnv il np oa cas; ?. tenaa ;? and then you leive iasa akaa to Tork cut their ! ovn salvaiian.' This vas a hard sxjicg fer a josng k&b; yho ? had great possessions- give up his land, asod &en; . leave the good people aJoae ? Waai ibca- v*a the good of havisg Beea a leader in &&der;£radsa;Le ; advanced cirdea, asl aa acknowledged eipoaeaii : of .the Higher Thought ! - , After his experieassa ia tie Etaiern SUUb, fas : crossed the Cjnliasat, aal Tisited Calilftraiftj ' there he went to see' mining cities, tba YosesaiU. ?? Valley, the City of SicrAsaento, aad the CiinpBk qaaikrof Sao Fran^i*;o. Tbere vera also Us, ? lions. From Saa Pnsdsca he wcai to J&£ai^ which be found AagUcisei ; aal from Jspaa- bg ? went to Hong Kaag. This euablad hia to wS '* the slsepy old city of lliiio, wiere U-e -maiajen , ' aad customs sxz half or Porta^al, half of China,.. and Canton. The student in social e&jseiay; caaoci gal muih aisiitiacs irosi tas Cbinose. A nfttiea . vho, whea they hare got a maa too iazy, k* . *? vicious, too ^jrfalss for anything else, makdluia a priest, may be used by advanced thiaksza- ic point aa epl^rara cr illastraie a eaeer, fcui cannot uiipire sadx eathadasm &3 Isiua to fad* miratioa. ; . Alan, cosndtts.l bi3 jo'arasy ronnd tba irorldia . the aaual war — ^ha \roat ta Cilcatta, DeIbi,Su»la, \ Cisboiere, aaJ Bsabay. Ha laaitei at-Saee, sad after tha usual voja^s up taa Nile aad dirwa again, he rode, through tac HslyLind, and tbenca ? across Asia Minor to Eiiiroam, finishiss tbo wiwla ? by travelling from Oiossa to Moscow and; -St. PcleKbor^, and so hobja. I hopa that be £ada ... the observaUtms ho tiea made on Eossiaa ciriiisa- ? tion sf ttse to him at the present juncture. , It is not girsa to every joang man of tluoo*i ; four and twenty to mako thii extended sunrc) o£ - humiaity ia general. The general effect produced ?; oa the mind of this traveller was revolutionary. , Partly as the Yicar anticipated , tha old ininga f eii - svay from him. He ccassd to think in tie narrow - grooves of exclusive prigdom ; he found that mea , aad women may hold different viawa from -bun* .- self, aad yet Iw pleasant aad not Philistine j Jw , saw that a gool deal of the Art he h.ad&6aa ^ taogat to revcreaca w&s; bat a poor tiling, canv.ey- ;? ing ia stiff protenoa at case weak or veil ajod ; thooghU with fesblenesa of experieace,;. b« ; uuderatood what a wrotcaed quality ia thai ? j* . teUoctaal conceit which he had been accustom ;! totliink a mark of dlstinctioa : andiia really -3 sl ; quite succeed in comprehending that Oxford, ,| , not the centra of tho universe ; and ho 3eft* i . being sad. Now those woro great g*m- j He wrote to Miranda oa bis arrival i; , London. » 'I hope to sea you the day after to-monc-\\. ;, I hate an immonsa deal to say, both c£ the pat .? Aud tha future, ' I think I have discovered- m^^ error in the past, and its remedy for the future j « We tried to improve our paople by injunction »n i : precept, poiating oat molhoda and rules. Th« }] I am couvincoil is nat the best way. They tfU -\v . neither be led nor ordered. But 8app-w^ s Miranda, that ono woro to walk beside tiMR^ ; - cat with thorn, play with them, bo one «£ thea^ .' and thoroughly enter into their very th-mgt(t»--^ How would that do ?' ; .'. ♦♦ How would that do,' ecliosa Miranda in- db« ; may, as she read tho letter. ' And what in the [ world dooa Alan mean ? Is ho going to put op * - amock-frock ?' .» CuiMKa V. i Alan came homo. As % dutiful son be ealkd ' upon hia rather, in hia chatabors. Both wow* agreeably suvpvisjJ. Tha father did .witit, Beem to tho son so t'rivolou3 as ? ho .badi been, nor did tho son aiip°ar l-5 tiie- fathett so weighed dowa with tho responsibilities of b\»t position. ??'.???-. t '1 congrattihta yoa, Alan,' raUl Lotd Alwyne— it was at noou— tho man of ,tU6 world f celebrated hia eon's return after tho fashion of Ui£ world, with a littlo mid-daj luncheon, which ^ I called ft breakfast. ( I congratulate you, niy son. | ita have Been the wor'.d, and shaken off your Jteford crotchet.' ? '.J'Say, exchanged gome o! them for new »nes, »ud nullified others,' said Alan. 'We were ig porant it Oxford ; bu,fc we used to aearch for' jde&B.; If I am charg «d, howevtn:, you are not.' .- v/fJatn two years older, which is two jean worse. la other respects, I believe I am much ^hosatna as when you last saw me. Lifa has potting new to offer after fifty ; aad it is a good |hiqg to enjoy the same old pleasures. I still fialgood wino desirable ; I prefer young women p*tH& ; I like cheerful people better thin those |rto weep ; and though the cask is getting low, Jam glad to say that it slill runs clear.' \- His son lc*-ked round the .room. His father Was quite right, and there was no change. The pame statuettes, pictures, and books, the came comfortable chairs, the same air of studied and kriistic pleasaataeB3 about every thing, as if the jretj furniture had to be consulted aboul its com ^aniona, And on the little table in the jpiadov, the same pile of letters and invi ia^JooB ; moat of them in feminine hand ?luting. No change ; and yet he did not find this kind of life so entirely frivolous as ilt (he old days, when to think of his father's Joanner of living was to raise up the fifth com* ^uadment before his eyes like a ghost, with Warning gesture. Surely Ala* Danlop had mado ftfteat eiej- out of ir'gdom when he arrived at tea stags of toleration for a lifo which was not HKmented by a sanse of responsibility. He even (Barfed his father. Not that he wonld exist in ffe» same way ; bat he envied the happy temper ?ikaecabJcaaman to lire in the passim: moment, 4&d; to let each single day begia and end a round of endeavors after happiness. ?*'If one may ask, Alan'— hb father was lying In OM of those ekoiut Imgttes which give support M lift feet, k-iae ice of c^arettes was on a little Ublio besids him, with a cup of coffee, and his face, after the excellent brsakfast, was more than ttnully benevolent — 'If one may ask, Alan, About your plans fox the future? Let me Bee, \- vfaenyoa went away it was after proposing to ffltorm the world, by means of evening lectures, I believe.' . - 'Yea,' Alan replied, a little shortly ; ' I was younger then. The people came, but they thought laey were in 'church, and treated my lest are like ft sermon ; that is, they went to sleep.' 'Just what one would-have' expected. By the way, your remark is a dangerous one in these Radical times. People might ask, you know, what kind of teachera those have been to whom we have committed tho care of the poor, if it la' proverbial that sleep and preachiog go together.' Alan laughed. This was 'one of the few points In which he could agree with hii father. Nothing betterpleaseatheadvanced thinker— say, a thinker of the higher order— than a sneer at tbe clergy. tt is pleasant, I suppo-.e, to fe jLone*« self so much jraperior to the constituted spiritual teachers of the peep1.?. 'L*cture3 ar3 of no use,'* Alan wsat on, 'by ? themselves. We must not only direct and teach, Jmt we must lead. My next attempt will be to 'Ye— 7«,' sail bis father ; ' that joanJs well fis a gencnl principle. To descend to particulars, BOW.' 'My project is hanlly ripe just yet,' Alan Replied ; ' when it is ia working order, I will ask you to come down and aie it for yoarselC* Will that do?' 'Perfectly, perfectly, Alan. Nothing is more wearisome than a dfscasaion of probabilities. If I find your plan a failure, I can enjoy the luzury, jince I know nothing aboat it befo.-cband, of ?'wearing that I always knew it to be impraelisa :ibte. Do not deprive me oE that luxury.' Alan laughed. ' ?'I am going down tothe Court thw afternoon,' fee said, 'I shall talk over my schemes with Miranda, and take her advice.' -'Miranda I' his father's face lit ap, as it always did, at tbe thought of a pretty woman. 'Mirandaj She was pretty when yoa went pway; she is lovely now, aad full of fancies. I love a woman to have whims, always looking oat, you know, for tbe new gospsl. It is delightful to find such a girl. She was op in London bust pe&ion; tarned the hea/ls of half tbe young fellows, and all 'the old ones ; refused a dozen jpffere, inelading Professor Speeli nm, who tboaght fihe Came to his lectures out of love for him, whereas she came, you tee, becauee she tboaght physics and chemistry a part of tbe modern culture. Then she went back to her place in %be country; and I believe sbe is there ttill. I will go down, as, soon as these confounded eaat winds disappear, and make love to ber myself. I will, Alan, upon my word, I will.' \- Alan looked as if he hardly' approved of this frlrotous way of discussing Miranda, and presently went away, whereupon Lord Aiwyno 6»i down and wrote a letter. « Mt Dear MnusDii,— It is two o'clock in tbe afternoon. Ibavewritten all my letters, bad break fast with Alan, taken three cigarettes, and read all ibepapc-rt ; what remains bat to write a letter, all about notb.iD£,to tbe loveliest girl I know ? N.B, — This is not old-fasbioned politeness, Regency man* pen, bat tbe natural right of a man who has kinged yoa every year, at least one?, sines you were a baby In arms. You will Lave seen Alan before yoa get ? this letter. Tell me what you think of him/ For ' fajf Own part, I find him greatly improved. He taitoBl that melancholy which naturally springs flrcm having had such very superior persons for 5fn friends. Ho k livelier ; he ban mora feeling ' 4jr tbe frivolities of an old man like myself. He |s- in a word, much less of a prig than he was. Imagine tbe joy of a fa-tber wb o ha'ei prigs. I em not without hopes that be may yet come to the point of being able to langli at a good story. ' 'Of course, be has a bead full of projects, and be will carry them straight to you. I wab afraid, ti one point of- the bre&kiast;, that be was going to Wmfide them to me ; bat be refrained, for which f . 'Am* grateful, I forgot to tell yoa that he #eeeptcd the comfort of my chambers and the ?little tight follies of my conversation without that ♦ante reproachful gaze which used to mako *nei wonder whotber he really was my bod, or whether ko bad been changed at nur«o, And fceloBged, porbaps, to the converted carpenter, jfts, however, bis ideas, fdtorod through your fcraio, will Assume a fajr more attractive fora. I confess I should like you to wrilo mo word what they amount to; and, oa I may bo allowed to' take some interest in his proceedings, I shall ask you to throw all the weight of your good Eonse in the scale. If he should propose to part with the properly for any philanthropic schemes, I think I would go tho length of locking him up in a prirato lunatic asylum, where they will tickle the soles of his foot with a feather. 'Writing to you about Alan makes mo think of a conversation we had, you*nd I, that after noon last year, when yon gave up a whole day to delight an elderly lovor of yours with your society. You remombcr (he talk, perhaps. Wo were floating down the river under the Cliovodon woods, you and I, in a boat togotbor. I told you what were my greatest hopes'. You blushed very prettily, bnt you said nothing at first, and that elderly lover promised you, at ' your own request, never to speak ot such a thing again ; and never, even in the most distant manner, to suggest such a possibility to Alan. v 'For once — I believe the very first time in all my life — I am going to break a promise made to a lady, and speak to you about ' each a thing' again. Those hopes have revived again, and are stronger than ever. 'Such a thing' would mako mo happy about Alan's future. As for hiB present, it is not right that a boy of his ago, sweet five and twenty, should bo chasing a philanthropic will-o'-the-wisp, whon all round him, iu this delightful world, there are flowers to gathe ?, feasts to hold, and tho prettiest women that over were to fall in lovo with. Life ought to bs to him, as it has been to me, one Eden of delight, and he makes it a workshop. Why, ho oven mentioned your name— yours, without any apparent emotion, without hesitation, blushing, or sinking of tho voice. Think of it, when even I, after all my experience, uandlo the name of Miranda with a kind of awo, as befits that of a goddess. ' And yet he is my son, really. I must inquire about that converted carpenter. Sometimes I feel constrained— pity the Borrows of a poor old man ! —to go straight on my least rheumatic knee, tho right one, and offer you the devotion of the short remainder of an elderly life, as the man in the play says, as a substitute for youth, the absence of which no devotion could atone for, and the few fragments of a heart long torn in pieces by a succession of beautiful and gracious girls, if those fragments are worth picking up ; bnt, indecS, they are not. 'I wish I could be sitting with yon in your own room, overlooking Woyland . Park. I should come duguued as Cupid ; I should bring bow and arrow, and when Alan came along with his long face as full of care as if he was a married pauper, I should let him havo a shaft fall in the place where bis heart ought to be ; but I don't think he has one. ' tfood-bte, my dear Miranda. You know that I am always as actively devoted to your sorvico as age and rheumatism will allow. Write mo a long letter, and tell mo everything. ' A. F.' Chapter VL Miranda wroto in reply almost by return of post. ' Deab Lord Alwtkk, — A thousand thanks for your letter. I wiih I bad a great many in ore lovers like yourself, a«. devoted and aa unselfish. It is very delightful to have some one to say kind things and make ono vain. I wonder if it is as pleasant for you to eay them as it is for girls to hear them said. Come down and stay with us if you can make up your mind to a dull house, and only me for a companion. You shall sit in my room all day long if you like, and look out over Weyland Park, which is very beautiful jost now ; I think tbe placo grows more beautiful every year. But I will net consent to diBguiaea either as Cupid or anything else, and I will accept your devotion without any kneeling. ' It really was a delightful day that we bad together on the river last year, and wo most try for another. Only no pleasnro seems able to be repeated exactly in the eame way. It wo were to go there again it would probably rain, or I might be in a bad temper. ' Alan came to nee as as soon as be ar fired . I saw him marching across l[& park, and I will con* fess to you that I took my opera- glosses in order to have a good look at him, while be was yet afar off. His shoulders Lavo broadened out, and he walks more upright. He has lost that stoop which used to make him look as if be waV always working out a difficult problem. I think his beard improves him, somehow ; though you do not wear a beard, it makes him look more like you. If w eyes, as be walkod over tbe turf, bad a far-off look, jast as they Used to before he went to Oxford, and was always dreaming about the future. So I saw he was back again in tbe world of imagination, and not thinking of me at all. To yoa, becausj Alan and I are aud always will be brother and sister, I may confess that I tbiok this brown bearded man with blue eye* the handsomest man I bavo ever seen, an be is the most gentle and the most disinterested. ' When I tboaght be might be near enough to see me with my glatscs, I put them down and wont out to meet him. He was as glad to yrctt me as I was to greet biro I tbiuk. ' It was six o'clock, tyamrua was well enough to dine with us—it wan one of her better days, fortanately. We bad & t*tk in tbe garden be. fore dinner, and after dinner a long talk, be and I alone. ♦' Yoar son i« greatly changed, Lord Alwyne ; in some respects completely changed. Ho looks at everything from a new point of view, and I can see that be has been thinking aud studying daring tho whole of his two years' travel, ' All the old schemes are to be abandoned, and an entirely new plan adopted. I confost that at first I was amAzod at his scheme, but I am be ginning to believe that it is not only noble, bat also feasible. It is, to put it in aafew words as possible, this : Therois to be no nioro lecturing and teaching. That, he say«, is proved by experience to bo use less. Any ono can point tho way liko a sign-post ; any one can stand on a hill and cry out to the people below to climb ap if they can as ho has done : any one can write books fall of precious UioaJbtB, if bo bave thorn himself; bat yoa can* not always peruuaJo people to read them, Tho 'over classes, he says, all over the world Are exactly alike, except in tbe United States, They will neither rouL liaton, nor Bc^witb. andornt&nd-; «ng, Thoy aro Blavo3, not to laws, which touch thorn, very little, but to habit and custom. Tho only way, theroforo, to improve tho masses, is to break down the. slavery of habit.' Whon Lord Alwyuo— 'ho was reading this lotter at breakfast— got as far as this, ho put it down, and heaved a sigh, 'I; asked her to bring him to common aonsp, and h,o has inoculated her. Habit and custom ? Aud a very good thing for tho people too. Lot their customs be eleau y, their habits pleasant for other people, and thjir manners civil. .What moro does tho boy want ? Rigmarole.' 'Ijim'sure you will agreo with Alan so far. Infactf all this is preliminary.' . ' Yps,'said Lord Alwyno. 'I know that Bomo thing ;moro was coming.' ? How then, asks AUo, is the task of substitut ing, culture and inquiry for sluggish habit to bo undertaken ? There is, ho says, but ono way. By example. Ho will coino down from his high place, descond to thsir lovols, work with them, eat with them, lire with them, and endeavor to sot tho examplo of the higher life, and to ahow how that ispoasiblo ctouwith tho surroundings of a cottage, add tho pay of a farm laboror. ' Not wbat we give, but what wo sbsro : Pat the gift witneuV tho River is baro.' ' The Dovil !' This was the reader's interrup tion. ' Now thoso two will go on fooling the rustics till they make tho whole country-aide in tolerable.' 'I cannot say,' continued Miranda in the tetter, 'bow much I admire a man who gives hiniBe.lL That is eo much higher a thing— so much nobler— than to give money.' 'If they had my money,' said Lord Alwyne, ' they might have mo with it too, for all I should care. Certainly I should not be of much use without it. Go on, nty dear Miranda. It is pleasant talking over a breakfast-table.' 'It is liko going out to fight for your coun try.' 'Worse,' murmured tho reader. 'Mach wono. I've done that, and I ought to know. Except for tbe trenches, it wasn't bad fun. And at. least ooe didn't live with rustics.' ' Or it is like giving up all tbat one has been accustomed to consider bare necessities ; aban doningf or a time the gentle life.' , - ' I am glad it is only for a time. And I hope,' said Lord Alwyno, ' that it will bo for a verj short time.' 'And it is certainly exposing one's self to the misrepresentation and ridiculo of people who do not understand you ; to unpopularity in tho country ? ' 'Unpopularity indeed !' cried Lord Alwyne. ' Now I hope to Heaven the boy will not moddlo with the Game. Anything but that. Aad in such a county loo !' ' And possible failure !' ' Ah ! ha !' The reader laughed. 'Possible failure ! Ho I ho .1' 'AH theso Alan will cheerfully face. Ho must bavo oar support and sympathy, and wo must wish him success, 'If you would like to hear more dotails of the plan-; ? ' 'I should not,' 6at-l Lori Alwyne. ' Corae down and stay with us. You might have Weyland Court all to yourself, and oven sleep in tho haunted room, if you prefer ; but as Alan, is entiroly occupied with his plans, I think yon would see little oC him, and would bo moro comfortable with u«.' ' I most certainly should, my dear Miranda,' Eaid Lord Aiwyne. Bat he had to postpone his visit, because some ono, who bad a charming wife, who also bad two charming sisters, proposed to him that ho should join them, and all go to Egypt together, to escape the English winter. Whon he returned, it was aUtlio beginning of tho London sooson, and he bad eo many people to seo that he could not possibly get away till July. Finally, it was not till Kelly Despard took tho vows that ho was ableio.get down to Weyland Court. And 'by that time Alan's oxporitaoat was uino months old. , , 