) T H E P H A N T O M M I N E R. j (A stonj of the old gold digging dayx.) ' " Tell you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. "Well, I will relate a peculiar . affair that happened on Tallmans Gully, in ISiiO." ) We were all attention, and listened to the very remark- , able narrative he related in the following manner : ' " You must know," commenced my uncle, "that I and ' V four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the / river — living, I said, I .should have called it existing, for > we were most unfortunate, only finding sufficient gold to , keep us in the commonest tucker. After our cveryday's work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ' every night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink I of a pick, ahout fifty yards from our canvas home. This confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did not cease until the break of day. One night we were determined to see who it was ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight,' and saw a figure in a coarse red flannel shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim which had been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostul.ate with this noi.sy digger; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood stilly transfixed with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's clothes was Mtf lir/mg man, l/iit.a xkaldton J" " Uncle Ned I " we .all cficcl,' " how fearful." " One night, our tent. w.aif visited hy a handsome, well- to-do looking man, -of. about, fifty years of age, who enquired for a digger- of- whbih , we knew nothing about, lie told us t.h.at in 'yl he and a mate of his deserted from one of Her Majesty's ships,' and.started for the Tallm.ans gold fields. They worked with pretty -good luck for a few months, when the new coiner went dowii to' Melbourne to see. about some letters. .Before he went, he said to his mate, .'Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the claim for a d.ay until I come b.ack.' Bob promised, and they parted. 'I went down to Melbourne,' .said the ex- digger, 'and there, was arrested as a deserter, and sent on :board ; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I have hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You wilt see him to-night,' I said ; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight, the everlasting clink of the phantom's pickwas hcm'd,'imid .we all turned out. 'Ahl' eried the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. Bob,.hereIam b.ack. Bob, speak-to inc." 'He r.an do' the figure, which turned its hideous face on him.- With.aloud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the ground. The ghost threw down its pick,: and. vanished. J. -In the 'inbru'iug 'iye discovered tke poor sailor a raving lunatic." , '' Gh, un'clc Ned, ' whaii.a fearful story;" ' ' r'' i- . " Well,''y6u ;asked.'iiic to' tell yoii a' s#u?'i,'andT have doilc'so.'' 'i:; I '' y . ' ' . ' ' '' Timri,' it'is n'ot tfue'ij:' ! '' Well,- said-our.'uhclc.' laughing; '' it is as true as many of 'the 'absurd yarns that' got .aboiit during' the 'raging of the gold fever. Ali/ tiiose were 'strange days, ivhen men would undergo any amount of 'privation for a-few ounces of gold.-'- dTpw 'clifere'nt.it ua-h for should a 'man be pui3hed'fdr;.q-large'or small. aino'uht all that he lias, to do is to liarehn iriterview'with ' DAVID I-IENIIY', of 52 Collins street east, Who has from to ifilpjOOO 'tb lend on notes of hand, bills of sale-'Cwith :or . without security), -salary orders, life policies, certificatesj deeds, bill- of lading, legacies,. goods, merchandise, on expected.r,emittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to. from England and elsewhere, etc., 'repdyfible't.o suit the 'coiA'ehieric'e of bbrrovvers. ' . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, .and -mortgage's from Gqief cent. \ , ' - ' 