(To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal,') Sir,— Gould you or any of your readers in form mo how slate quarries are generally vi-ovkad in tho old oonntry ? Having r, valuoblo slate qnarry on my propsrly, I would be grateful (or any information as to the mode of working, &c;, adopted at homo. Yours, INQUIRER. The Hyde Pauk Services.— Pastor Allen again conducted his open»air services in Hyde Park on Sunday last, but this time without any disturbance or interruption. The attendance was not nearly so large as on any of the previous occasions. There was a considerable number of the police present, but as the services no longer attract the larrkin class, there was little call for their attentions.— Evening News. Babius at Ciiubcii.— A correspondent writQ3 : — On last Sunday at a certain church not a thousand miles from York- street — ? and I am only relating- a simple fact when I say it — a ' big lump' of a boy was allowed by his antics first and then by his crying to interrupt the congregation throughout the whole service. Had I been the clergyman — though it would not have been a delicate duty-— or a church warden I should certainly have had both mother and child removed. The Sculling Championship. — The sculling champion of America, Charlea B. Courtney, ap pears anxious to contest a match with'Trickett for the championship of the world, and, from the wording of a telegram received by Trickett, he appears to entertain a belief that our cham pion is prepared to go to America to row. The message is dated Auburn, New York, March 31, and runo an follows: — 'Eace accepted by me for £1000 a-side. Trickett allowed £300 ex« penacs. Water on which the race shall be rowed to be left to me. Charles E. Courtney, Champion of America.' Trickett informs us that he does not entertain any idea of leaving the colony to row a sculling match at present, but he is quite willing to give to Courtney the same terms as I19 otfers provided the match takes place in Australia. — Evening News. Mb, Fallow's Wine Depot. — It is eatisfac tory to know that our previous remarks respects ing the oatabliohment by Mr. J. T. Fallon of a depot for his colonial wines have been sound. We ere glad to notice that success in this in atsnoe ia directly attributable to matured e^ perirnce. The Late .Railway Accident. — The total sum received hy tbo Herald on behalf of the widowD oud orphans, consequent on tbe late railway accident near Penritb, waa £157 la 63. It has beon divided equally between the two widowo; The Queen's Theatre-.--' Our Boys' is st'U commanding full houses. Mrs. Scott Sid dons is deservedly popular and is well supported in one of the principal characters by Mr-. An drews-. Ho does his work well. It is gratifying to know that tho present company are giving that satisfaction which merit should control. The orchestra, under the leadership of Mrs Scroder, is good, and Mr. Hallas, who performs on the cornet, is entitled to praise, 11 The Ghost:'— Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost at the Guild Hall has been drawing very good houses during the past week, and is now fairly established as a favourite entertainment. Dur ing the week a new feature has been introduced in the shape of the Chinese Phantom Dance, which was much admired. It is stated by an advertisement elsewhere that Thompson's Diorama opens again at the School of Arts on April 23. Hrwaed or Heroism.— On the 29th of last month, at Graf ton, Mr Fosberry, the Inspector General of Police, on behalf of His Excellency the Governor, handed to the Police Magistrate the bronze medal of the Royal Humane (society, for presentation to constable Dean. It was awarded to constable Dean for saving the life of John Geale, second officer of the Oity of Graffcon, who had fallen overboard in the Clarence River on tho 25th October, 1576-' Tho presentation having been made by tho Polico Magistrate, Mr. A. L. M'Dougall (who had ap plied for the medal) Constable Dean expressed his thanks and said he was pleased that it had been presented to him through the head of the department. Ho had been prompted simply by 1 humanity in what he did, 