Stall JWin Her*? SS J,A.MES GRANT, . -CH4PIEB SXSXl. _ ttttk'Shorltich be prored to be infleea, snfl Bis eomrada nite qubmUm inecht and follower, Adrian Abiondcr, tba thief, deserter, and rebel. Bo I tad suddenly lighted upon pleasant coin On tacocniaine »». Africander made a wild ?pting towards his rifle, Vbterlwf on the groiind ueartue fite but 1 wm tooquick for him. Adroitly piscine my foot on it, I thrust him bock furiouBty, bycbiuiinHhim breast high with mine, nnd witti all tbV totce. He grew peagisen with teri-of, and reeiod aftinrt tbB rocky wall of the cavern, es claiming, ia hi» Cape gibberish— a »i-_ --L ilu-.nl.tJMl flat- is lta_.tT11r rrrrifiTfl KftflP Beieherdtl Shoot, shoot, -Buns Mark, or, mi ceajBils ? -«. my atara) he n-ill make au end ol * Was tbere ever such a confounded old duffer, l« lothiniseU be disarmed; but I'll settle his hash it I can 'cried Slmrkeigh, writhing himself into a sitting position, and true to his first aud uulural imSSes, attempting to CQCfc tiis gun with the in teffitai of shooting uie. But he fell back powerless, unable to lift or . level it ? *o I instantly snatched itfioni him, and then both men -were before me, defenceless save their inlres, which one was incapable of usins, and the ? other wa» afraid to do so. Tshoot, elioot ' cried Adrian- Africander in grow ? ingconfusicn and dismay. _ 'Silence, you traitor and thief,' 1 eid.iimed ; 'us I hare no jambok here 1 shall talk to you by aud by; hut I must firat confer with Uiis greater Then, witli creat deliberation, I smashed both their rifle*, breaking both at tbe small part of the The wounded outlaw, from bis bed ot leans, ' clued at me (or a time like a veritable wild twtttt. Sis eyes were suffused with blood; the hairs «f tilm TMt and untrlmmed beard eeemed to bristle with the aerrous excitement, which led him iatu oijsly to open and shut his huge and clumsy hands. Then hecltuixd tliem tnd groaned dtep)j. for lie felt that all waa over with him now. lie was frightfully pale, for he had «rid-ratly Ion oiiteli 'blood, and had endured peat agony. ' 4«fMnvards learned that, on escaping from Iiis ?taal.on the night it was (for Clarice) su oppor tunely attacked bySandilli,he made his way with Adrian Africander to this Bushman's cavern or tsmple. ? On the prace&ivg; evening this retreat nna been discovered and attacked by VonRa's people when in pursuit of aie, and tlie right bad ensued to-fill 'up their time. The worthy pair had escaped to the 'forest in the kloof ; they had been firod at tliero, and Mark was wounded — had his right thighbone 'smashed- to pieces in the skrimmage,' as lie said. - And now it would seem that he hnd crawled back here but to die; for his blood vrat in sucli ft istate of fever and ferment by the excesses or his rlife that mortification tvub already setting » ' ? Ha !' he exclaimed, through his clenched teeth, as he flurreyed me'with an indescribably glance. ?So, ns we say in the bush, 'you have got the right enake by tbe tail at last.' ' 'It would seem so,' said I, while leaning on my -rifle, and surreyinjr with wonder and disgust the now crippled wretch on whoa Death had put iiii icy fingers. * You are a enake, u serpent, in deed.' '' We hare met before, Captain Iladdon,' said hey ?andnow we meet for the last time. I hare not forgotten, though 1 now forgive, tbe precious tap on the head you gate me in that scuffle with old Bagsbot in the Teviotdalt. My first idea— it's nature, I suppose— was to pat you ; but my second is tiy-ii» without BiiBther crime' ' 'That is well,' said I. 'You will, I bope, bring your terrible life to a decent clow.' ,'ily life has indeed been tumble,' said he bit terly, and ia ft trembling Voice ; 'but who thrust that life upon me, or rather who thrast rao upcu tlie. bad career with which you taunt me?' * Tour ownerilpropsniities.' ,* JTolw, but yojir uncle, oid /lab, of HaddonHg, who.assin andagaiu had me convicted and locked up Juttojig t'slona *nd thieves aa n poacher, till 1 ^tewin tftnis te be a thief and a felon myself. Who pntnie in the Castle of Jedburgh.even as * boy—* ballling bairn— far stealing pheasant eggs tor my sick mother, and for picking sticks out ot his park fence for her little lire in winter? Who but old Habof Haddonrlg!' This was but the result of your cursed gnajti law-— w law rasdo by tlis rich iorthe temptation. BBd oppression of the poor. Then I grew to be* a jwn, &n;& I aliat everything ' ' that came in niy way,' aiid made many a cleau ' sweep of the preservc^ns you kaow. Next I was on the turf, as you' -know, too. Master Dick,' con tiuued the miserable creature, becoming more colloquial as his yoice grew weaker, while lie re clined against the side of the cavern with half closed eyes. ' Yes, on th&turf; for a while, and soon got the name of a blackleg, though I was on pretty equal terms with the best in tbB land, for the turf of the racecourse, like the tuii of the cold kirk yard, lerels all distinction, Many a tip f took from those who lost, and maity more from those wao won, till I grew weary of being a regular rascal, and betaking me to my gun again, became once more, an honest poRcher,' ?Honest!' * Ves, honest, DickUaddon, for the birds of tbe air end earth belong to no man, bowsoniever old llad donrig may hare thought.' His lips seemed to be baked with fever, go I handed him an ostrich egg filled with water from a spring that gurgled down the locks, and be gave me a glance exproBsive of surprise, aud also of as much gratitude \ps luBj'ei'OCiuus visage could assume. 'I little thought, ena in sore extremity liko this, to .get «ven a drop of water from your band. Sick Hoddon. I tried to do you wrong many times when I came upon your trail in the bush ; but that is all past and cone now— past and gone.' He moaned heavily and then ailded : ' 1 thank God now that the girls got off freu, as I Imvt hoard— old Toby of Vfalcot'e duugh'ters,. I mean. Yes, 1 am indeed thankful for tlmt,:aow that I liud myself lying horet* * there was a pause ; after -which I said : . 'You liad your chances at homo in the old country— chances like other aieu — and might have become respectable, had you lived iudiistriuusly and quietly.' . 'fiespectable and indvstrioua! Ah, ah! What chance of being either one or t'other lias a relumed transport, a ticket-of-Ieavu man, whose swretlieart mayhap you fancy, may talk about you, and say te your employer, ' Look oat, don't trust him Y Soft follow such as I .bad never the ghost oi- chance tor .doing Rooi, Captain Haddou. Had 1 Tisentobe an elder in the kirk, the taint would stick to me, and the taunt be given. So 1 wot best ?0 where tbe wavesMid grinds cast me, liive in the wild bush, with ,«U men's lands against me. and jciae against all men.' 'And in this terrible spirit you could actually assassinate your harmless countrymen— private aoldiers who never injured you— poor fellows in our native tartan, top !' ?What does it matter that they were so?' he growled. 'Those same countrymen bad hunted ine and others Jilce wild beasts from bush to rock, and from cock to tree, for many months, and thus I only shot those who would have shot me. It was my life against ther livesfthat was all 1 And yet, and yet—' Ilia voice died away, and his nether lip quivered convulsively, and in a changed voice be said: 'My mother ties in Kotso kirkyard. by the old abfcey -wall, far, far away, where 1 shall rievnr lie. Ob, happy, happy dead V ' You wrong yourself, poor wretch,' said I. ' Tbe lees of some good are in you yet.' 'Do you think bo. Master Dick? U'erhapsthe devil it never so black as he is. painted, though Hearen knows I nave been bad enough in my time, but law made me so* 'No doubt it was very impertinent of the law to punish your peccadilloes.' '- * Don't sneer at adyingman, Captaio Haddon, a ' rascal though be te. Some day— to-morrow, to iight.pertiaps— if Sandilli or Tonga get upon our trail, you may Ke,aa I sow lie, face to lace with Heaven, Yea,' he added, in a low solemn, and wailing voice, choked with aobs, * face to faro with Heaven.' He turned his baggard eyee as he spoke to the bright evening sky. ' I threw some dry branches on the fire, and draw ing forth a brace of tbe broiled partridges, rent them asunder, and offered a piece to Sbarkeiyh but be turned from it at it witb loathing. Iwoset&rv-; :»itfor,J*ck. of Jopd, feeing Uiat, is lagt, end go __. edmy own'innger; 'but during thisfnter 'r°~ while IJiad been stooping over tbe sufferer, a ii » 'ricandor wohW seefc-to-Savaiitolea out ? ° ft J^f rn iiBperccivedby«ltber of us. h . ^nTnn w the trick tfcat old Pro Grubb ana-' I played vou a, 'ter Halbett Haddbn's death f eaiahe, '!T?»S'h '-l too well. It ruineo me ; cost .?JZ,2ii in-an* the 'loss of one who was ?.»?t«£?£«rf ? thousand commissions. ,It T »tfw,nd««. -onthefaceof theearth. Mark 3^Wh «S3££e man revenged himself fora SeM'ffir* Ume'i10U ^vbadaterrible 'MTaiimrkeame^'-^^oolate: ? ?Bywiiiinsatullcintek.i™ »f «he plot.' ?And your share in it*' \ ^^^IISm K-uit. whne.triUit 'iLSren will wltiai. itl' crie^Jhe mutable creature, with a strange bnn\ of fervour. My agnalure is in.the books ofJudlVrgh Castle more thau Ofloe Ul those who doAbt H ««P«! mv simed confession with, the dociunents tner.v ?But paper, pens, infc-we ore iwUiout tbA-n. Surely \mi\ mind wanders V ? It doe* not. There is an ammuniti V' wroppei ? Make me a pen with your Unite, and IVi soon nna suitable iuk.' ? , , , 1 suiootlird out »t)iece of brown paper1, tuat my m-ar-ciittridses had once been wrapped? n-t-'D(1 with my knife cut him a pen of aquiIBlrom a wild bird's pinion, lor many lay strewed t! lere. With Hands that trembled a. little, he laid the paper upon the crown or his broad hat. ^hich be .lacad herore dim us a deak, and delibemttly dip ,iilRthepen ihto ft black pool of hie own_blood, which lay-in n crevice oi the cavern floor, he.pro cceded t» write out n brie.f but clear cMieesio^ ot Hie conspiracy which the (EcoM-eli cour^ ot law bad fslli to clear up-tfcepWt ^by which he/ and an artful hypocrite hnd defraud me o£ mj:l.w luliuheritance,Mdl- reught».boUf the fattl tfight that foil upon aarice and me, as I Imve ali^aa^,- Ce Wiled in the earlier chaptera of my-story. 1 watched lii™ attentively as he wrcte on,-^vitli 1«B« pauses at times, either to choose words, pt be cause he was fniot and weak. 