HOUSE OE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 13. PETITION PKESENTED. By Mr. STOKES, from 110 residents in Ade laide, its suburbs, and Fort Adelaide, in favor of a railway through the hill districts. QUESTIONS. The COMMISSIONER of GRO-WN LANDS, in answer to Mr. Basedow, said the Government intended to take further steps for the purpose of suppressing the rabbit nuisance by introduc ing a Bill to amend the present Act. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL, in reply to Ms. Basedow, said it had not hitherto been the practice to forward copies of Bills intro duced to amend the Municipal Corporations Act to the several municipalities, inasmuch as it was considered that sufficient publicity was given through the publication of the proceed ings in Parliament. He had, however, given instructions that in future a copy of any Bill directly affecting Corporations should be for warded to the various mun'cipal bodies. The MINISTER of EDUCATION, in answer to Mr. CoGiiQf, as to the intention of the Go vernment to erect a school house at Franklin. Harbor, said no township was yet sold, and Government were not in possession of informa tion as to the extent of the population or the school requirements of the locality, but he would obtain a full reDorfc. THE HON. J. COLTON. Mr. ROSS, for Mr. Bray, moved for ten days* leave of absence for the Hon. J. Colton on the ground of ill-health. Granted. KAIL WAY TO TEATREE GULLY. The COMMISSIONER of PUBLIC WORKS moved for leave to introduce a Bill for the for mation of a railway from Dry Creek to Teatrea Gully. There were many large and splendid quarries at Teatree Gully, and there was almost a famine of stone at Port Adelaide because of the difficulty of getting a snpply from Dry Creek.—Mr. WARD supported the motion, stating that the necessity of such a line had been affirmed in the past. It would afford the whole of the settlers in and beyond Gnmeracha an opportunity of sending their produce down to Port Adelaide without bringing their teams into Adelaide. Such a line would also save the roads into Adelaide, which were at present very much cut up by the stone carts. The motion was carried, the Bill introduced and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for the following Tuesday. KENSINGTON AND NORWOOD BOUN DARIES BILL. This measure was received by message from the Legislative Council and read a first time. The second reading was fixed for Wednesday week, . THE BUDGET SPEECH. The debate on the B udget Speech was con cluded, and the first line on the Estimates passed. PROPERTY AND INCOME TAX. The House having {gone into Committee of Ways and Means, The TREASURER said he had certain pro positions to submit, and he pointed out that the House would now have a proper and eonstitn tutional opportunity of discussing the financial policy of the Government. It had been sug gested against him that he was piling np the Extimates of expenditure with a view of show ing that the finances " exposed a necessity for taxation, and that he proposed taxation simply with a wicked and foolish desire to impose it for taxation's sake only. He protested against the suggestion that he would do anything so foolish or so wicked. (Hear, hear.) He pro proposed taxation because he with his colleagues believed that it was necessary for the future well being of South Australia on ah advanced scale. (Hear, hear.) : They said it was wise to have taxation because we had a great country and it was wise to develop it. It had been said that he was in favor of profligate expenditure, but he denied that South Australia could carry on a liberal expenditure with a stinted revenue; and if members came to him and asked the wants of their districts to be supplied they must be willing to support him in his scheme for in creased taxation. The Hon. J. Storrie, in a letter to the newspapers, spoke of unexpended balances as though they were cash in hand. This was a great mistake. The balances were simply so much money that had not been spent —money they had not run in debt for. ,• Many people committed the error of supposing-. that unexpended balances were assets. He referred to the reports of the Auditor-General to show that for the last nine or the last ten years tha revenue, [putting aside unexpended balances, had been lass than the expenditure. They now came to a time when they must be still more: liberal in their expenditure than they had beent in the past. Railways increased" faster than, population. It was more difficult to govern. 50,000 people spread over hundreds of miles tham the"same number within 50 or 60 miles. Bail ways must be pushed out in, all directions^ and thin meant continual expenditure. There- wera two questions which th&Gommittee; would: have, to consider—first, was taxation necessary to supply the revenue; and secondly, was,taxation necessary to reform the incidence. If they wanted to spend £6,800,000, and they had not the money, they cotddnoi expect tot3ke-£200,OOQ off Customs, as. that would, only maka matters worse. They, could sot reform the incidence by taking off a large amount from .Customs without . giving it to the Treasurer in some other way. From both points of view, therefore, the resolutions he submitted would commend themselves to-tha favor of the House, He had^bpen severely ^criticised for not announcing his taxation polioy earlier) but be pointed out that untuthfl. < balances were made ~ - Auditor-General's certificates Afidestimates of 7\. the expected revenues fro^;^lie;fieads of deparfc ;■ - Voento,- it was impossiblejfpr iim to tell what he * " was going to do, 7- in -;this l matter. He was accused of- not informing'his constituents as to v taxation he proposed. In not doing so he '' ' simply foUowed llritish precedent. It would -hot have been:v?ise -for too early an announce:" "Tment of .the^hancial policy to be made, as there ~~ .would;b"eehHmaaceuvres by merchants in sending ■ ■crders to Eigland to stop goods from coming, to jihecoloiiy,which should be avoided. His .col:. j-Ieaigues andhimself had had several meetings -to consider. this subject, and had come .to the .iTcpnclusion that it was desirable to 'reform irthe.!.Customs taxation;, but they, found'that . St .would he impossible to- take; anything off ; ^Customs until they had some other ^means of Revenue to supply ,its place. Of course he could . hot go b'ack to the Stamps Bill, as the.House \- were against it, and it would.not be fair to his present colleagues for him to take it up.. They "therefore concluded to have a property tax in '-■the first plack and another tax on income in the :secohd.pla»eAThdprenous resolutions he men tioned in his Budget Speech" did not properly , ?""dxplaih'tfie first of these taxes." The prinCipl^ 4 mf .hisitaxatidn scheme was stated in the propo * itflftirihsylmfc'the details could be .dealt with only i i in • the.: Bill." The Attorney-General prepared < " the- resolutions, and - was willing to: share the \- ^responsibility of them with him. He mentipned "this as it might be thought that the Govem ment bad. altogether changed ;the resolutions ■ which were to be brought before the House; 'but he denied that they had. The Government proposed to tax the value of property as well ' .-as the income from property. (Hear, hear J 1 While he considered it desirable to impose i . burdens on absentees, he could be ho party to a tax on that class apart from a general system. \- His colleagues and himself had borne in mind the • absolute necessity of making absentees pay a I fair share towards the revenue, but by including "them in a general system of taxation they could • -say to them, " We are taxing ourselves as well as'you." (Hear, hear.) He claimed in this | . matter the able assistance of Mr. Ward, who ' bad frequently tabled resolutions in that House \--on the subject, but who, while in office, had admitted the unsoundness of a special absentees' - tax, and the wisdom of reaching them by a ".'.general taxi. Even if the Customs were un \- touched a great reform in the incidence would '* be effected by making. absentees bear' a fair * •• share of the. national burdens. (Hear, hear.) . He alluded tp the unwisdom of the Melbourne . system of taixation, and said the House ^ would . ■ recognise the justice of his idea to make income : pay only half of what was required from pro perty. Now; as to income, he' asked was it fair • that a lawyer or doctor making thousandis of • y-.pciunds every year should pay. less than a working man. to the revenue? He had fixed the lowest income which should bp. taxed at ' ' £200, but. he was not wedded to that" limit, and 7: jf the House thought fit would be'-willing to reduce it, say to £150. Lastly, he was afraid that the Banks would have to pay some thing. (Laughter.) He was afraid that if " the Government scheme were adopted they ; . would have the painful duly, of receiving a small 7 modicum: from"-the Banks. He referred to a letter by HrT-Tomkinson to one of the news • - papers on this subject. He had a great respect for that gehtleman, and would be quite willing : "to refer his dispute with Mr. Ross to Mr. Tom-. " Binson for arbitration,,and if he lost to pay all . the arbitrator's expenses and'give 10 guineas to ' -Any chirity in' tbe coloiiy. '(Laughter.) But he thought Mr. Tomkinson took a wrong view of ;the question deialt with in' His letter, and he" " (Mr. Boucaut) was quite unable to follow His ad • vice. It was all very well for Mr. Tomkinson to r Advise him to cut down the expenditure, but he was afraid the country would , not have it cut • down. (Hear, hear.) In taxing real property the Government proposed to tax the annual value according to the assessment whether of •Corporations or District Councils. With regard to free selectors it was intended simply to tax •their incomes until they obtained their free holds. It was thought that till the land became . . "their own it would be fairer to impose the 3d. than the 6d. tax. (Hear, hear.) He then moved:— S! 1, That under the.present system of taxation . ...absentees.and the wealthier classes of the com " munity do not contribute a fair share towards the national burdens. 2. That it is desirable . that the incidence of taxation should be re Adjusted on a more equitable basis. 3.:.That in order that absentees and the wealthier classes should contribute a fair share to the national i burdens, and as a first step towards readjusting " the incidence of taxation on a more equitable basis, and in order to provide for the probable deficiency in the revenue, it is desirable that means should -be devised for raising revenue , from other than the present sources. 4. That •for carrying out the foregoing resolutions there • i should be levied the following duties, viz., (a) Upon the owner of any freehold estate in posses sion in any land for and in respect of every ' 20s. of the assessed annual value thereof,the. sum of 6d.; (J) for and in respect of the annual profits or gains arising or accruing to any person from any kind of pro perty whatever in South Australia (other than real property), or from any dividends or in ' "terest of money, or from any source of income -arising elsewhere than South Australia and re -ceived in South Australia during any year, -for every 20s. of the annual value or amount .; thereof, the sum of 0d; (c) For and in re : spect of the annual profits or gain arising or .-accruing to any person from any annuities, ^ Allowances, or stipends, or .from any pro fession, trade, or avocation respectively : .derived or exercised from or in South Aus tralia, for every 20s. of the annual value or > - -amount thereof, the sum of 3d. Provided that in calculating the amount payable by any 51 person under the foregoing'subdivisions, or any £ -of them," £200 shall be deducted from the ■amount in respect of which such person would, ' but for this proviso, be liable to pay duty. 5. '" That on such duties being brought into opera , tion, the incidence of taxation as raised by_. means of Customs should be re-adjusted." He now came to the consideration what amount -was likely to be derived from this taxation; . He had previously told the House that he ex peeled to get £140,000 from" it, but it must be •Avident that in a colony like South Australia; where no accounts had been kept with refer ence to these particular matters, and no machinery existed by means of which he could • easily get at the amount of properly and -income, he could give merely a general estimate of the sum likely to. be raised from the taxes mow proposed. The Government arrived at the estimate of £140,000 on a calculation that there was an average income of £200 per head for -every man in the colony. Since he first ad: ■dressed, the House on.the subject he had had two gentlemen at work trying to get an esti mate-by working on different bases—he' re ferred to Mr. Gill, the Chief Clerk in the Trea . Aury, and.Mr. J. D. Woods. Mr. GUI estimated ' -the value of all freehold and leasehold pro perty, houses, cattle, and sheep, approximating ,,;the income, therefrom, and -he came-to the ' .-conclusion that the property tax proposed would realise about £120,000. Mr.- -Woods Bad taken the District;. Council and Corpora tion assessments as the basis of calculation, But instead of working from the value of pro perty he had worked from the assessed income* The figures of Mr. GiU thus' agreed with those «t>f Mr. Woods, although the two had been work " 3ng on different methods. It might be taken -that the property and income tax would to gether yield from £130,000 to £180,000. Wheu they compared the public debt of South Aus tralia with that of other colonies, and the amount -of our taxation with that of other colonies, hon. members would admit that the taxes proposed were not hard. In New Zealand £117,000 was raised by stamps; in Queensland 38'44 of -±he revenue from Customs; and in this colony 33 per cent, from the same source. The taxation proposed would not press Bardly on the community. He chaUenged any : one to say that it was not a fair attempt to ..grapple with an admitted difficulty, and if "the Government were right in the general principles of their scheme he -thought the House ought to deal fairly 7- with them in reference to the detaUs. (Hear, Bear.)—Mr. GLYDE said the resolutions which \- Bad been submitted to the House differed so 7 widely from those previously read by the Trea 7 surer, that he would ask that the debate should Be adjourned. — The TREASURER said he v should cheerfully meet the wish of the hon. member for an adjournment, but he denied that 7 4he Government had changed their minds in ' ±bis matter.—Mr. COOKE asked whether Mr. . .Gill in making his calculations deducted all estates yielding less than £200 annually.—The TREASURER replied in the affirmative.—Mr. JROSS complained that the paper " O.O." in the Auditor-General's reports was a disgraceful 7 document, as the statement of revenue and ex .' Tpenditure for the last ten years was utterly Iincorrect.—Mr. KRICHAUFF said he would like to know whether it was proposed that a ' ~ free selector should pay on the annual value of 7 Bis properly if it was mortgaged.—The TREA SURER said that would be dealt with in the • ; Sill.—Mr. ROSS asked whether a farmer, having. a thousand acres with 100 horses on tjhe' '"land would have to pay taxes on the horses.— : The TREASURER replied in the negative; and [/';-> Ynanswertoan other-eaquiry-by-Mr.-Ross.--said jft:m^|w;iOT7jthct'HoDK.^|a7ffhea tha Bill ' H4?)J®fpr®£.them,whether ih thb/caseof-amer ^ftfe?srsi GillandiWoojlfl deducted the mortgages registered on property, in the Lands Titles Office. ^2^i';3pUOAU^''said those gentlemen took every cate not .to value any property twice over; .^^e/.Cpmmittee then resumed, with leave to "Bife^inon-Thureclaynext. ..v •• r* -OTHEK BUSINESS, ; " •'The'rraeniMefitts of the Legislative-CpuriCil in > theCopy right Billwere agreed to. -: : } > -The: Brands Bill was further considered" in Gommittee. • /The House adjourned at, 21 minutes to 6 : O'olbcktill the following day; A; general meeting of the Committee of the Children's Hospital was held at Temple Chambers, Currie-street, on Tuesday afternoon, August! 3. The attendance was large, and His Excellency the Administrator of the Govern ment occupied the'chair. Apologies for non attendance. - were; received.. Mesdames Carter, Campbell, and F. Wright, and Mr. Goyder. The Treasurer (Mr. Thos. Phillipson) reported that the total subscriptions received amounted to £4;531 16s; 9d: The balance on deposit account to credit at interest was £3,350. The amount paid into the fund £91 lis. 8d., and that paid out was £603, leaving a balance to the credit account of £416 7s. 8d. The total amount to credit was £3,766 7s. 8d. The Secretary read a progress report , in regard to the Hospital bnilding, which stated that the work was going on in a very satisfactory manner. The Chairman suggested that as the building would be completed in a very few months it would be advisable for the Furnishing Com mittee to take immediate action. After some discussion if was resolved that Mrs. Colton should be appointed the convener of the Com mittee so that the action necessary might be taken. In reference to a suggestion from Mrs. F. "Wright, that the names of the ladies who were to hold stalls in the bazaar in March next,; and who were willing to receive contributions in work or in money, together with the districts in which they resided should be made public, it was moved that an ad vertisement mentioning the names of six ladies from each stall should be inserted in the daily and weekly papers. An amendment limiting the names" to three was carried. An application was received from William Addison asking per mission to occupy the back room of the cottage : belonging to the Hospital in consideration of whichrjhis wife, would undertake to keep the.place as now, and be in attendance there. Tt-1was1stated that the man was working on the new building, and that he would remain in the cottage if allowed until it was completed, and that the arrangement would effect "a saving of 10s. si week." The matter was eventually re ferred to 'Dr. A. Campbell and the Treasurer. The-names of Mesdames Cornish and Charles Jacobs were added to the Bazaar Committee, the former lady as representing Glenelg. Dr. Campbell suggested that an effort should be made by the ladies on the Committee to make the concert in aid of the funds of the Children's Hosjpital a success. It was resolved that the President should ask the patronage of Lady Jervois at,the concert.. Dr. Campbell said he was afrai.d the lithographed plans of the Hos pital were not going to be done. He had re ceived a photograph of the building with which he had expressed dissatisfaction, and since then he had heard nothing further. It was resolved ' that Dr. Campbell should see the architect on the subject. . The meeting then closed. A general meeting of the Commercial Bank of South Australia took place in the Town HallBefreshment Boom on Tuesday afternoon, August 13. There was a very large attendance of shareholders. The Hon. B. A. Tarlton, M.L.C., presided. , The Chairman said he had pleasure in informing the shareholders that at a preliminary meeting held in White's Arbitra tion Boom on the 28th of June last, it was decided that a new local Bank should be estab lished. At that meeting some 17,000 shares were immediately applied for, and a resolution was passed that these shares should be allotted to those who applied for them, and the balance allotted by the promoters. Immediately after that meeting the promoters met, and arrange ments were made for the allotment of the re mainder of the shares. In a very short time the whole of the shares remaining were applied for. The 10th of July was fixed as the date to which applications could be received, and large numbers of applications came in and continued to come in up to that day, the whole number being no less than, 127,884. The applications were from large numbers of indi viduals from all parts of the colony. The Pro motershaddeposited in the Bank of Adelaide at interest the sum of £22,000, and the balance in open account in the same Bank. They had also secured premises in King William- street, for merly occupied by Messrs. Good, Toms, &Co.; Mr. Garlick, the architect, had examined the building, and found that it could be turned into very suitable banking premises. The promoters had appointed a share clerk, so that there might be no delay in the preparation of scrip. A Bill was now being prepared to be placed before Par liament. He might mention that the pro moters had held 11 meetings, and had done everything they could to advance the interests of the shareholders. He would now ask the meeting to proceed with the consideration of the deed of settlement, but in the first place to deal with the clauses relating to the appointment of Directors, so that when they were passed the necessary nominations for the first Board of Directors could be made, and the ballot pro ceeded with. The clauses in question provided that the number of Directors should be five, and the qualification for a Director the owner ship of not less than 200 shares. In answer to a shareholder, it was stated that there were 49 shareholders holding 200 sharps and upwards. A proposition that the qualification should be 100 shares instead of 200 was lost. The clauses in question, were adopted. The nominations for Directors were then made, and the ballot taken, resultingin the election of the following: Mr. J. Beck,20,540 votes; the Hon. B. A. Tarl \- ton, 19,730; Messrs. A. Tennant, 16,050; F. A. Grant, 15,835; and J. C. Yereo, 15,455. The following auditors were electedMessrs. W. S. Douglas, 10,785, and, J. Storrie, 8,665. Tlie various clauses in the deed of settlement were gone through seriatim and passed, and the meeting terminated. Tea and public meetings in connection with the Clayton Church, Kensington, are to be held this evening. A meeting is to be held this evening at the Stag Hotel, Bundle-street, to consider the /subject of forming a cricket Oval in connection with the -Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association. The Glenelg.Institute was crowded to the doors last evening, when the Bev. Charles Clark delivered his lecture on "Westminster Abbey," The audience included nearly all the leading residents of the Bay, and the Building! Fund of the Institute, in aid of which the lecture was given, will receive a handsome donation. A successful entertainment in aid of the Convalescent Home was given in the. Town Hall, Port Adelaide,on Tuesday evening, August 13, by the scholars attending Mr. A. Martin's school. His Worship the Mayor of Port Ade laide (Mr. David Bower, M.P. j presided. There was a large attendance. The programme, which ' consisted of songs and choruses, recitations, and . a Christy Minstrel entertainment, was carried out remarkably well and was much appreciated. An entertainment was given by the Ade laide Liedertafel at^the Woodville Institute, in aid of the Institute funds, on Monday evening, August 12. The Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr. David Bower, M.P.) occupied the chair. The programme, which comprised choruses, "quar tettes, duets, and songs by members of the Lie dertafel, and readings, was carried out very successfully. . The attendance was not so large as could have been wished. Rainford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company made their second appearance at White's Booms on Tuesday evening. There 'was a fair attendance. Several improvements upon the performance of the opening night were noticeable, and the singing was a good deal better. The Phantom Ministrel business was excellently managed, and the rapid transfor mations were exceedingly creditable. Miss Horton sang very well, and her arch • and pleasing acting formed a pleasant break in the programme. The last scene was fairly given, but there is still room for improvement, and that Mr. Bainford will effect this we have no doubt. . " Macbeth" was again placed on the boards at the Theatre Boyal last night to a house well filled in the popular parts. The acting of Mr. Greswickas on former occasions was received with much enthusiasm, and at the conclusion he was imperatively summoned before the curtain. The pie«e went without a hitch from first to last, the various performers doing their best to play up to. the star. The witch scenes in which Locke's fine music was introduced, were very effectively rendered, much more so in fact than is usually the case. Miss Graham as Hecate was justly honored with an encore for her really fine singing, and .Miss. Knight as the First Witch.sang with her usual taste and skill. To night Shakspeare's play of the "Merchant of Venice'? will be performed, in which Mr. Cres :wick will sustain the character of Shylock, and Miss Ashton that of Portia. ■ 