lsr.ce or Tiii. Bi?su.sxores.-On Tuesday (says the Western Examiner) we were shown a few fragments of bank-notes found in the ground in the bush. Those nlotes, some of which were evidently for large amounts, and of which tlhere were a great many carefully stowed raway in a small box and covered with earth, there to be left until called for by the party who had come by themn dishonestly and feared to keetp them in their immediateo posession. It is prob able that the diepositor had his lawless career cut short Ibefore ie could return, and was unable to give such a description of tlhe place to any accomplice as would onnable him to find them. The finider we are informed was oflered £10 for the pieces by one of the banks but the offer was refused. A Borr PIorosrrIouN.-A somehClat ex travagant scheme in the nioew route to Aus tralia is proposed by MIr. J. Glyn of Leg horn. It includes a tunnel between Gilb reltar and Ceuta; a continuous line of rail way through Central Africa from Morocco to Port Natal; the linkintg together of the railways of the several Australian colonies, uniting Perth with Adelaide, Melbourne, iand Sydney; anid a branch line of railtay frous the coast opplosite Aden, bringing Bombstay,, Madras, and Caleutta into com snuniicatiou. Tuit; CorLon.ou BIiurTLI.- Thish. insect is also called the potato-beetle from its having first been nioticed in immuese numbers on thie potato-planilt, whichl it completely des troys. In ' parlisamentary paper to hand we have someos very important informiation as to tihe size, appearance, destructiveness, anid increase of this insect. Tihe agent g,,neral in london, MIr. William Foster, at the instuance of this govertnment, ihas com tunmticated withl the privy council office for thie purpose of obtainini g all thie furocurable inftormation respecting this destructive in sect. Frout thie privy council oflice Ir. Foster was directed to consult certain ohhi cial documentts, copies of which were en closed to the agent-general; and it was suiggested tlhat furthei r infornution might possibly be obtained iby making application to the Royal Agricultural Society. Such lihave been the frighitfls ravages committced by this peculiar species of bsetle in Arne rica tihat on the 14th of Angust, 1877, it was ordered by thie lords of her Majesty's mnost honeorable Privy Council that aftier the 31st A.ugust, saleo year, it shold nilot be lawful for any person to land potato- haulm, leaves, or stalks brought front thle United Sltates of America, Canada, or the GCerman empire. And the customs conmmissioners wore esmpowered, in any case, if they tholught lit, to order tihe collection and des truction of any siand, dirt, or other refuse imported withi piotatoes broutght frotn tihe United Sttos, Caunada, or thie Gferman em piro. The followeing is a description of this insect:--It i: has thie shape of our native greeen bs bhootlee , leut is a little larger, bleing about scoven-sixeetttlts of nu inchl long.i Its clousr is a lesh tint, red or rnddy dove color, with blacl eyes, eighlteell semall black spots andi specks ont the throax, ntmd live ctrved stripes leengthwise on each wing'-case. [It hats foultd its way to Gor mtany tand Sweden ; and it has boon fouend in all sortcs of situations, and upon other vegetation titan potatoes. Thers are athreo generations of tiem in a year; and tltro is greant danger, we arc given to understand, of their being imported on board ships. Thie advice is, if you meet with it, kill it at YoUsn ITaDnEs or TtE PEItIOD.-A York shlire old fogy describes in a letter to tis Standard thei dinmer he had in one of tite now school mansions in Sonth KIensington. -I sact beside a very prcetty girl, and, old as he was, thlought himtself elucky until she began to talk. VWhailt stmrangeo jargon it was thalt modern young ladies uttered! iWhat did they mean by their chatter abolt " ex quisite hIarumonies of expression," " an anlmost rallturos sonsootsllsess," " 'theo divine idleality of eman," and so on. 1-e listented ill utter bcwilderment while hIis pretty little friend used these and other phrases still more mSysterious, and tsalked familiarly of tie works of it number of mnodern pools, of whom eMr. Swinburne e wa~s by ftr tie mosyt proper. The old fogy turnied for relief to hIis neighbor oil tie other side. She too was youneg, hut not pretty. eforet hie knoew whelre lie was she haid moen tioned tihe names of Hlerbert Speneer, Johlln Stuart Mill, and Professor Clifford, and hIad said incidentally tlnat she seupposed, of course, that le considered God " quite an exploded hypothesis." After this York shire was hardly shocked when his pretty neighbor invited him to dine at her club to mneet a lady whose last volunme of verse lie lhappened to have burned in disgusyt after reaiding half a dozen pages. And yet, as ie learned, it was quite good form for a miss in her toeens to invite lhalf a dozen gentlemen to dine at the Alliemarle I W?naT iT CosTs To W~IIIeiE WmCL.-Ex cellence is niot matuted in a day, and the cost of it is an old story. Thie beginiing of Plato's Republic, it is said, swas foond in an ol(d tablet written over in a variety of ways. Addison, we are toldtl, wore out the patience of lhis printer. Frequently when nearly a lwhole impression of the Spectator was worked offl, ie woul stop the press to in sert some now proposition. Lamb's most sportive essays were the resulat of most in tense brain-labor, lie used to spend a weelk at a time in elaborating a singlo humorous letter to a friend. Tennyson is reported to have written, Come into the GardenI, Maind, more than fifty times over before it pleased him; and Locksley Hall, thle firslt draft of which was written in two days, hlie spent tihe better part of six weeks for eighlt lhours a day ini altering andil polish ing. Dickens, whu hlie intended to writeo a Christmas story, shult himself up for six weeks, living the life of a hutrmsit, and com ing out as haggard as a murderer. Balzac, after he had though ot ou thoroughly one of his plhilosoplhical roianices and amassed his materials in a most laborious manner, re tired to Ins study, arnd frons that time until his book went to press society saw himn no more. When he appeared among his friends, hle looked, said his publishler, in the populaar phrase, like his own ghost. The smanlscript was aftl'erwards altered and copied, when it passed into thie hiands of the printer, from swhose slips tihe book was re-written a third time. Again it wenit into the hands of the printer--two, three, and sometimes four separate proofs being re quired before the author's leave could be got to send the perpetually re-written book to press at last to have it done. He was literally the terror of all printers and editors. Moore tthought it quick work if hlie wrote seveuty lines of Lalla Rookh in a week. Kingslake's Eothenu, we are told, was re written five or six times, and was kept in the auithor's writing-deosk almost as long as Wordsworth kept White Doe of Rylsone, anid hest like lnthat, to be taken out for re view and correction almost every day. B3uf fou's Story of Nature cost him fifty years of htbor before hlie senit it to the printer. " IHe composed it in a singuluar mannser, writing on large- sized paper, in which, ats in a ledger, five distinct columnus were ruled. Iil the first colhmn hel wrote down the first tlhoughts; in the second hlie corrected, en larged, or pruned it; and so oni until lhe reached the fifth column, within wlhich lhe finally wrote the results of his labor. But even after this hlie would compose a sent-nce tmwenty tiimes, anid once devoted fsiirteen hours to find the proper word to round off a period." John Foster often spent inhours on a single setesnce. Ten years clapsed bie tween tihe commencement of Goldsmith's Traveller and its completion. La Rocho foucauld spent fifteen years in preparinig his little book of msaxims, altering some of tlhcm, Segaris says, nearly thirty times. We all holow how Sheridan polished his wit and finishedl his jokes, the same thing being fouiid oni dilflerent bits of p'aper, diffcrently expressed. Rogers; showsed Crabbe Robin ,;on to note of his Italy, which hlie said took hitm two weeks to write. It consists of a very few lines.--Exchange. DIsTanctr CALL Co.?t.urY.-A novelty in the shape, of ai District Call Company, a system that has been found to work ex tremely well aild to be a great convenience in San Francisco anld uany of the large cities in America, is about to be introduccl in Sydney. The object of the comlpalny is to providel its subscribers in the city and suburbs with simple, yet certain, arriange mnlcos wi hereby they: canll t lny nmloncnt obtain thue services of a Iliesnliger to 1r1111 errnids, call cab:; or other vehicles, fetch a doctor, sentd Sor the police, give an alarm of fire, and perform mansy other useful ser vices upon the shortest notice and wivth thie utiinimum of troluble to tile subscribers. Tie moans by which these objects are at taited arie simply thes;e. A central ofllice in a convenient part of tile town, with branch ollices whteu necessary, conecteld withl tlhe house of each subsOciber by an ordinary telegralph-wire. Each subscriber has placcdl in his house a paltent autonmatic signal machine, whicll consists of an appfaratus ill white metil about the size of an ordinary aneroid barometer and inot unlike that useful instrutnent in appearance. The front of the s ignal-box is a disa, thie cir cimflference of whtich is divided into several comnparttuonts, onl which aro inscrilbd suchl words as Inessenger, cab, polico, doctor, fire, or whlatever words are likely to imeet the exigcencies of tile subscribers' ordinary wiltts. A moveabnlle indlex, tmuned by a pro jeeting brass sltd, can le seCt at pleaslre to point to any one of the above-menitioned words. Say, for instance, a cab is required in a ilhurry. The sulbscriber sets the index to cah, antl thent turns dowtn a lever-handle at tihe back of the miachine,. Immiediately this is done a corrosponding signe its made iat the oflice ineairest thie stubscriber's resi dnce, wvith an indlication at tlse scme timuo of thie tparticulLr house froln which tihe mes sage comes. The operator at once starts of" a naessenger to tle m ost convenienti cabstantd, iand the required vehicle is very shortly at the subscriber's door. So, when a imedical man is wanited, the signal "doctor" beinig made, the opierator turns to a book in wrlich haIs been previously registered the nmoe anid address of the particular doctor whose services tie slubscriber many desiro to engage; thle iessenlger is forthwllith dis patched iwith the miessage, lnd olt this Ipanr ticular ncessage he is alwaiys enjoined to run. IILaving duly infortmed tile doctor, hi returns to tie house of the sutbscriber to fetlch medicine or perform any otlher errauids tlhat may be required in thle emergency. The process is equally simplle wheu there is an alarm of fire or somethling occurs which niecessitates tile presence of tile police. Tie subscriber has no trouble beyond set ting tile index and depressing tlhe lever; his wanits are at once understood antid promptly attended to. Should kthe family go out of town and leave the house shut up they can rely on overythinging ing as safe ais if ai division of police were on guard, for by means of a special apparatus whicll ctan ie aittachlcd to the signail-box, any intrusion upon thle premises is instantly signalled to the company's oflice, teud ti officer is im mtediately dispatctld to uirrcst the oficlntler. Thile great recollendtis tdtions of tthis system are its simplicity and elliciencey. Tile ap paratus ctan scarcely by any possibility get out of order, it requnires lno batteries, anld nieds no inspectionl or supsrvision ot the part of thle olfficers of tile compnaly after once being fixed. It is fturlther said tllat thile services can be carried ouit at so reason able a chargeo as to be altogether insignifi canit as compared withll tie colnveience to be derived and thie trouble to be saved. H-erald. JOKEs ir E~IcLs. -A. Melbournise ot ition owner of great wealtli haild drl ft of fat sheep brought down to the metropolitan market. The overseer came down with them, bringing as an assistant driver a black boy from tihe station. The dark-skin, unused to civilisation, fell ill. The over seer consulted thle owner as to what lie should do with tile sick boundary-rider. " 01 " said lie, " put himn in the hospital; but don't say whose station lie conimes from -there might be something to pay."--In a case heard in a country insolvency court, Mac Swagger was putting some point strongly before the judge, when the oppos ing counsel, jumping up, said, " O ! if your Honor can swallow that, you can swallow anything." " Well," retorted Mac S., " 1 don't care what your lollnor swallows, so long as you don't make it returnable in thlis court! "-A stale school-teacher, suspect ing a child of pilfering, marked a shilling, which was taken. Taxed with the theft, the young culprit confessed. Then coumes upon the see seeie an outraged and indignant parent, whlo withl high moral tone removes the child, saying lie " cannot Iapprove of setting traps in tlat way," and that lie hias " no opinion anyhow of a school where thieving is taught ! "-An American was lately complaining to a friend of mine about the carelessness of liotel servants when answering imluiries about persons residing for the time in the house. "'Why, sir, a countryman of mine whlio was staying at the Grand liotl at Paris asked for himself at the inquiry-ollice twelve times, and was told each time that there was no such person staying in the hIouse. At last on the twelfth occasion lie got riled, and said to the clerk, ' you're a (forcible American ex pletive) fool, for I'm tihe man myself, and I've been living hero for a fortnight! ' " Boxiern Exes.-- Boxes on thie car have formed tlie subject of some sensible com ment of late. Dr. Llewellyn Thomas, phy sician to thie lioyal Academy of IMusic, writes on tile matter in a letter to the Lon don Press :-" Your note, from the Lancet, published recently, on the perils attending boxes on thei ears administered to children well deserves the publicity which it hlas received in your columllns. Severe ear troubles, and not ulnfrequeniitly death, have resulted from this, withl many teachers, favourite form of punishment. The drum head may in mlany healthy children be easily ruptured by a very slight concussion, and in cases which hiave recently under gone the ordeal of scarlet fever or measles thie drum memlbrano is peculiarly liable to 'aceration. Other injuries n:ay also result to the delicate organ, and I hnave only to day seen, at th e central throat end car hospital, the case of a boy with ani abscess in the car passage, who lhas suffered inees sant pain for thrce months after lhaving been struck by his teaclhecr. These cases might be multiplice indefinitely, and an occasional inquest adds point to the talo. Every professiosnal man is expected to know all subjects bearing on his art, therefore a teacher who by his violence produces an unto ward result should be found guity of more tlhan a lis.adventure, as boxing on the cars is in nowise necessary to tuition, and generally indicates a loss of temper or icinte cruelty, bIoth of which are incomn patible witfl the true functions of a teacher of thie young, as would be Iharslhncess or lbrutality on thie lprt of a doctor." IlI:su.csus cVaxs'r.:.i--According to i letter foroc AlexandriS, in the Algemein Zeituncg, a Tur'ish slave-shipi was captutred the other day bIy an English vessel, and the slaves it contained, consistilsg of seventy women and tels men, were liblerated. Thie men volan tereed into thle 1Egyptian army, but it was miore dillicflt to dispose of thile women, as tlhey hJLve io nostion of liberty, and, if left to themlselves, would prolbably ]have been drafted, without makling any resistance, into somle M[llsssuhsan s harem. Under tile treaty concsluded betweein the English government and the h?llodive, tihe imlportation and ex portation of slaves are forbidden; but the dc letion and saleo of slaves are permitted for aboutt sic years longer inl Egyspt, and clevenl years in thie Soeidan. Several officers accordisgly came to tile pashla of the district with sfelrs to Ibuly some of tise female slaves, Ibut thile paslha decllared lie would not part with thesm unless they got married. IHo tIsen announscedl thalt anyl soldier or civilian wishling to marry one of tile slaves would have to pay six thalers for her dowry, buht that the women woull be allowel to choose their lhsbands from among those who slhould pr.eseint themselves for the purpose. A great numlber of lenl, chiefly soldiers, assembled on tihe day lappointed for tho selection. The swomen wsoro so shy thant they " hllssded together like a flock of shedp,'" 1and could nlot lie induced to move. At last, one of them, taking courage, adlvanced slowly to a black Egyptian ser geont, who was anything lat young or llhandsome, and put her hand on his shoul der as ai sign that hle was the man she wished to marry. Hsrexaomple iwas instantly followed by the other wvomon, iwho rushed forward to choose their husbands as if they feared to be too late. It was now the men's turn to say swhether they accepted the selec tion. All were satisfied but five, and even the fivo women who were consequently obliged to choose again were ultimately pro vided with husbandls. A Ssix;Ln DaILT PAtEra.--The proverb " different peoples ditferent manners," is illustrated in r.sther a hIumorous way at the present time Iby the way in which the Rus sian papler, the Nikolajew Westnik (Nico laieff Messenger) is publlisihed. It lhas ino fixed time for publication, although it has been established as a daily paper for four teen years. Occasionally it appears every day in thile week, Sundays not acceptl; at other times once or twice a wkcli only; whilst solnotimes a whlole week elapses with out an issue. Tihe time of the day when the edtlition is publishled is also uncertain. It hlls lhappeneo d that tihe edition has been printed a1t six in the morning--indeed even so ealrly as five a.m.; but ats a role its time of ipublicasion occurs between two in the afternoon and ten in tile evening. The question was recently put to the publisher lwhy hlis paper appeared so irregularly; to vlwhich hle replied: " It is really too incon venient iand iuniforsa to issue a paper at a fixed tinme." Occaisionally one of the other desidileratn is liackinlg- advertisemenits, copy, paper, composition, or money-and shouldl all tl!es lie present at one time, it not tunfrequtently lhappens tlstt readers aire not fortlcoming. To litssianu papers, hIow ever, it niot usuaslly Ihalppens tthat their publication is suspenided for a period during thle iabsence of the editor in thle couttry, or for other reasons; publication is lilkewise suspenided wlhen a paper receives official inhlibititnl aga:inst pulblication on account of some offeuce, fsancied or real, againsst the law as occurred recently in the St. Peters burg Golos.-Printers' liegister. In tile decorative arts, the Australian is superior to mlany savage tribes. " Without culture antd without refinement hle is an artist. lie paintsin caves, in places wvhere hlie has access to caves, and whlere there are sione ihe binds a sheet of bark, smokes the inner surface suntil it is elackaned, and then depicts wtlh the inail of his tlhumb or a bone awl, pictilres of birds, and beasts, ment and scenes in hiis life." But it all hIis pictorial essays, to hisi credit be it said, there is ino trace of indecetcy. lie seoms to excel in portraying the enut, swhich s les represents with life-like accuracy in every variety of attitude, and in depicting trees. hMr. Smith states, as tilte result of his exatminattion of tile. cave pictutres engraved in Sir George Grey's volhues, thait, with one doubtful ex ception, they tappear to be the work of na tives, unassisted by ansy kInowledige gained hiy intercourse withi per.ons of a different race. Mr. Smiles lis made an even greater dis. covery tlhan Thomasl Edward, the Scottish naturalist whoso story created so great a sensation when it was publishled some time ago. The cnew prodigy is, or rather was, elso a ScotchUman, for hlie lhas been dead for tabout tei years. He seems to have been devoted mainly to geology and botany, the sceneuo of his labours being chiefly in the re giol of the Pcntland Firth and rounld about 1)unnctt Bly and tihe north-east of Scotland. Dicks was thie name of this studeint of nature under dilliculties; for, like Edward, le seelnis also to lhave bean a working man, whlo had a hard fight to earn his bread. h movement had been set on foot to procure him a pension, and had, we uniderstand, piroved successful, tlhough time poor devotee of nature died before a farthling of the well deserved bounty could reach him. Mr. Smiles's lifo of Dicks will be published An English paper says:-The Earl of Esnislillen is stone blind, and is the tallest man in thie Hlouse of Lords, measuring six feet seven inches; he possesses one of the finest collections of coins in the United Kingdom, and in spite of his sad affliction, takes great interest in numismatics; his daughters, thle Ladies Cole, are also exceed ingly tall, being over six feet. They are exceedingly huandsome, and are good horse. womens. Thomas Hughes Q.C., the author of Tom Brown's School Days, is to be found in hIis shirt-sleeves; it is with diffi culty lie can be inducced to keep his coate on in the House of Conumons, of which he is a member. Io hals an open counten ance, bespeakisng honsesty, and writes a bold, clear hanid. Thie lhope of raising the Grosser Kurfiirst is inow well-nigh ab'nmdonied by the German naval authiorities. The timing is not impos sible, ibut thie authorities have satisfied themselves that thie difiiculties in the way are so serious that thllere is little prospect of its being successful. Is recognition of his minister's successful efforts to secure a pacific isssue to tho con gress, thie Germsan Emperor lhas presented his life-size piorteait to Prince IBismarck. The portrait is a filnmous workl of art by Herr Winterhalter. 