GHIPS B£Y'A SANDIALIVOOD C UTTER. To THE OTHER SIDE AND BACK. BY CuIPs. CHA~TER Ix. IN ADELAIDE. (Continued). After getting that barmaid photographed in my eye and giving a general pardon to any one who has or will run away with such a thing ofbeautybut NoT a joy for ever, I asked to be shewn to my room and was conducted up as many stairs as would carry you to the top of the monument. 1 got-giddy-going round and round and-was puffing-lik a-fat-parson -at- cricket,--L had to rest, and sat down and wiped the sleeve of my coat across my dripping forehead. While doing'so the girl who had "gone before" and was out of sight-screached, "Up here Sir." I'd had enough of " up," and declined to go any higher, so presently the gal came down and say's "your room's at the top Sir." " Good God"? I say's, "you ain't going t, put me to sleep on the roof, are you ? " " Oh, no sir," she say's smilin', the cats would worry you there, but we alway's put young men in the upper rooms." Was this flattery or was it sarcasm ? I hadn't penetration enough to discover "I'm obliged to you for the compliment," Isay's " but I'm not accustomed to clim -bing--I-don'-t !ook-like a-ailo s or -a-brick iayer'slabtorer,do-I ? ' in -a stranger here-my pretty one," I say's, by the way of soothing her for [ saw she wasn't anxious to continue in my society-" I belong to the lower walks of life and I ain't no am bition to get up higher." "Are you one of the actors ? "she say's. she thought I'd been quoting Shakespear. "Itdon't matter," I answered-seeing she was disposed to be kind to actors and she say's:- " You can come in here "-that was a room just opposite where I sat down-she went and I docilely followed. I put my two luggages-the carpet bag and small trunk before referred to--carefully under tht bed, and then threw myself carelessly on it to reflect. The only reflection however, that came was the reflection of the barmaid down stairs. Promiscously putting my hand in my pocket, my fingers lighted upon a stray sixpence, and it occurred to me I had seen a man in the bar whose face I knew, and that I'd go and see-so descending the stairs by the aid of the bannisters, I again visited the bar, but the man was gone. As it was not yet tea time I thought I'd see a little of thetown and went out. The street was pretty lively, for it was the busy part of the day, and the cabs and omnibusses and private carriages was pretty thick in King William street. The omnibusses ain't the handsomest kind of vehicle to ride in-they ain't much better than big packing cases on four wheel --but of course they does as well to ride in from place to place as a Lord Mayor's coach; only a city as goes in for the ornamental should have all things in harmony. The cabs are very good and Perth will be a looking up when it has any thingin St. George's Terrace like the King William Street cab rank. All the shops are sheltered by deep verandahs, which is a great protection to the goods in the win dows - a comfort to people taking their 'walks abroad,' and a powerful inducement for persons to stop and a 'mire the goods displayed, which often leads to their going in and buying. The shop keepers show great taste in dressing their windows, some of them being as actractive as a pictures. Like Perth and Fremantle the number of shops seem to be out of all proportion to the number of people, and the wonder is how their owners all manage to live and get rid of the goods with which their ihops are crammed. One thing Inotice] to the ad vantage of \VWest Australia; the shop keep ers of Adelaide don't cut such swells, put on such airs, or have so many idle hours as their brethren of Perth and Fremantle. Let the retailers of candles soap and sugar, tweed twist and fancy drapery, be thankful for small mercies. West Australia's the Paradise of small shop keepers ; a man can start a store on ten shillings-I know one as did it with seven -and is now worth thousands-get as much credit as a mer chant would in another part of the world live well-dress well-play billiards, go on thespree, stand treat when inclined, shut bhe shop uptokeepa holiday_-or_-go-to a pic-nic-dam' troublesome creditors, and when pressed, wind up by paying one or two shillings in the pound; curse the colony and start again fresher than ever on the same course. I never knew butcnecruel case, and he was as fine a fellow as ever lived, only a little too easy and fond of playing the gent-they sold him up from carriage to a candlestick and i: -broke-his-heart.--Sine-then-they've-been easier, and one of the worst specimens of mankind ever kissed by a mother-wasn't the worse by a nobbler of brandy or a "weed" for his misconduct. As a rule her- ureditors ain't hard and-insolvency ' a few day's pleasant excitement for debtor and creditors, and a ten pound note to a lawyer. For a city much given to a display of piety and prayer meetings, and where ministers are as'numerous as policemen, Adelaide ain't at all badly off for public houses and beer shops. I mentionedthis casually to a person I met, and he explained it by saying, "You see s?r i-Te~ a prayer meeting one's so dreadfully dryand down in the lip a little:and you must go somewhere to have a wet and a reviver." Isaid, "I should a thought dissenters would a patronised tea in preference to beer." "So they would," he answered, if " it was only the dryness, but as a reviver there is nothing like a nip of something short." " Whatever may be the cause there ain't a doubt that in a city that talks so loudly abouticsmoral purity, as compared with other places, that Adelalde has a very de cent supply of shops for the sale of intoxica ting liquors. Notwithstanding, however, its a very orderly city and while I was there I only saw one drunken man in the streets, but I saw a good many out of the then. But the truth is its no better and no worse as regards drink, than other towns where the people are pretty well off and sociable-only as it makes such a hubbub about its chapels and churches, and its be -havio~r generalythe-number-of-pubs -and the consumption ofdrink attracts attention. There's one thing peculiar about the public houses of Adelaide as compared with those of Melbourne, they all shut up at eleven at night and after that hour the city is as quiet as Perth at midnight. If you ain't in by eleven the chances are you'll be shut out. Of course at the best hotels-you can get in any time during the night, but not to liquor, only to go to your room and to get into bed. There's only oie . theatre and when the performance is over all Adelaide says its prayers and goes to sleep. There's a "Vestibule " and "SaddlingPad dock," as a lower kind of bar than the Vesti bules is vilely called by flash slang-mongers- wherce-a-gooddealof-nsaugh- tiness-is- nigh-tly committed and which might easily be rendered less objectionable by proper legis lation. I shall have more to say about those Vestibules and Saddling Paddocks by and bye. At present I'll only say that bad as they are, they are no so bad as sensa tion-mongers make out. Strange as it may seem, respectable people appear to enjoy the filthy exaggerations of these and similar places indulged in by the writers of such ar ticles as appeared in the Register while I was at the other side, headed, " Lower Ade laide," and they are read and talked about with far more relish than Varley's addresses or Dr. Morehouse's sermons. People get angry when you deny the reported unutter able wickedness of these " bottomless pits," as a good man in Adelaide described them to me. They have the same fascination for the public as a ghost-haunted chamber has for a 'amily; they resent any attempt to ridicule it or to prove that the wicked thing don't exist. They cling to it as Christians cling to the belief in a personal devil- whose got hoofs and horns, and is black and ugly, and who goes about grinning and edging on people_.o da wickedlthingsa _iouldany sectof Christians on earth thank the person who tried to prove there was no such devil as is painted by Dr. Watts and many others, a wicked, cunning, mischievous old fellow, given to meeting people in dark lonely places-and hiding away out of sight in the day. And its the same with these Vestibules, &c.;, people like to believe in their wicked ness, to read of it makes 'em creep like a ghost story well told. But let me go through the city in a regular way. Adelaide contains about thirty- two thousand people and they've as much cheek as a town of double the size. '1 he Adelaide people are just the same as other people in appearance, and have toeern their living in the same way as the people of Perth and Fremantle-the majority by hard work and the rest by scheming of some sort or another ndlressthe-working cdasses dont _comeiup to the same class-in-this- eolony-,-andthe idle class ain't abit grander than the same kind of persons in Perth-indeed I don't think they turnout quite as grand as theAll-Ex cellents of the "city of Leakes and Lilacs" asa commercial from the other side, who thinks himself asgreat a wag as Judge Burt -called Perth-for says he "' the two are never absent from the streets, and both or nament and protect the city, one from the sunhand the other from speculators." I gave a plan of Adelaide in my last, and marked on it the position of one or too of the principal buildings. By those who have been to Adelaide or who belong to it, that plan is pronounced to be as neat a thing as a map of the city as has been published. This flattery don't make me vain-I don't take no great credit for having made it as I got some assistance from a gentlemam as has" travelled" Adelaide a good deal, and knows every inch of the ground from the " Full and Plenty " to the "York." I don't like to take from another what is due to him, and ifthese is anything in the plan indicating an unblossumed artist or a undeveloped civil engineer-let that gentleman come in for his rights. As far as I'm concerned-any body's welcome to the plan-and if the Government of South Australia chooses to strike off a few thou sand copies, I shan't make no charge, and if the gentleman as helped me to draw it up don't want his name put under it, why I don't. Adelaide was named after Mrs. Wil liam the IV, whose name was Adelaide. The name's pretty enough I dare say, and it always brings to my mind when I sees it or bears it, a particlar kind of boot that was very fashionable once. I suppose lMrs. Adelaide the IV wore the first pair. They used to lace up the side and was much liked by gals with pretty ancles as they had to shew 'em a little when lacing their boots. These modern 'lastic-side-springs ain't no poetry in them, but they save trouble and I think are tidier and saves accidents. I can remember nearly being crippled once or twice when I was a kid, by getting tripped up through tre.ding on my sisters boot laces which was always towing a mile or so astern of her heels. She wore Adelaide boots, and wouldn't sloop to lace'em unless there was boys about, and as boys seldom came, the boots was seldom laced. ' Adelaide has a Bishop who I didn't see the see is his; it also has a river-or what they calls a river to save themselves the humiliation of calling it a brook-the Tor rens. It's quite as imposing as any of the rivers on Mr. Bachelder's panorama-not the real ones of course-but the pictures. it don't quite -comie ufp tdothe" swelling floods" of Elizabeth St. Melbourne, after a good shower. Still the Adelaide people think a vastdeal ofit-a great deal more than the Perth people think of their magnifi cient sheet of water-and always take a stranger to see the river. They took me to see it. The bridges deceived me; they are built very large for the purpose of imposing upon people and giving the idea that the river is a big one. I was just preparing to cave in as regards rivers-when I caught sight of the water- and bust out larfing. "Dear me" I says-after I got over the larf, "how the sun has dried up the river ?" "Not at all" says the young man, a native of Adelaide as was shewing me round " What makes you think so ? " "I judged by the bridges," says I. \- iAhyou-see," he say- "-with-the pru dence that distinguishes all that "we" do -we built them bridges agin the chance of the river getting bigger or a flood coming, .and then yousee, they won't be carried \--away -- - - _"That's wise," Isays, "as wise as them ancient larrikins, as built the tower of Babel agin another flood coming. You see they might a saved themselves the trouble and expense as the flood ain't come yet and the tower'sgone long ago; you might I think, a saved yourselves the trouble and expense ofthem big bridges-.that river's growing ain't more likely than a flood coming, but its good poiicy to inakethe ihost of everything, even ofa small stream of water." Just at this minute a crane waded right across the river without wetting its wings ; we turned away. and my friend looked as though he wished he had a gun that he might stop that bird ever again giving illus trated lessons on the navigation of the Torrens. A CoNVICT in the Gundagai Gaol South Australia, undergoing a term of imprisonment for stealing a ring, used to gain a living by travelling from town to town, giving pet formances in which he offered to swallow any article his audience might select. The ring for the stealing of which he had been convicted he had swallowed, and he asserted he could swal low a bagfull if he got them. The prisoner is at present being treated by Dr. MI'Killop, visiting- surgeon to the gaol, with the view of making him disgorge a steel Albert chain and a large brass ring. The chain can be distinctly felt at the bottom of the stomach,and-the patientsayshe _swallnwed. it nine months ago, and that it is the only article he has had any difficulty about. lle avers that he has had two pounds weight of jewellery in his stomach at one time, and that he has harboured watches in that viscus for twenty-four hours. The gaoler is said to have a collection of Albert chains, pen knives, brass rings, &c.;, which he asserted he had succeeded in causing the prisoner to vomit by means of emetics. This case (says the Lancet), if; correctly reported, presents feature?s -wort?hy-o-being--sudied- from a physiological point of view. 