Jottings from Hervey Bay. BY AN IDLE QUILL. No. II. THE White Cliffs, so called, are not cliffs at all, save for the height of a few feet from their base, where the loose white sand of which the whole visible mass of the great island is composed has been slightly consolidated by the infiltration of water carrying in solution iron or some other mineral matter. This lower portion, being worn away by the action of the sea, causes the super- incumbent sand to slide down after it, and, the constant motion being unfavorable to the growth of vegetation, precipitous patches of bare sand are the consequence. A broad belt of snow- white sand lies at their foot, and two picturesque glens, each bearing its tributary stream to the sea, infuse some tone into the too predominant whiteness of the littoral façade. The two valley openings are separated from each other by an interval of about half a mile. On the southern- most or right hand one is a collection of log- cabins, which the presence of a river steamer, preparing to take in tow a raft of miscellaneous logs, now lying in admirable confusion on the beach, proclaims to be a lumberer's camp. The other valley, that on the left hand, points the site of the Maryborough quarantine station, com- posed of one larger and three smaller substantial weatherboard houses erected on a convenient saddle or natural platform some 50ft above the stream the station is under the charge of an old man-of-war's man, who, with his wife and family, enjoy perhaps as enviable a lot as any being gifted with a natural taste for idleness need aspire to. As the business of the commodore lay, how- ever, chiefly with the blacks, and there were none of those interesting beings visible from the schooner, we deferred our examination of the place and its surroundings until a later time, and bent our course northwards towards Sandy Cape. As we steer, close-hauled, in a direct line for Beralla, Aldridge's Station, on the mainland, a dark uninviting mass lying far to the north- ward is pointed out as Little Woody Island. On our starboard bow extends the little chain known as the Pic-nic or Duck Islands, distinguished as the Greater and the Less, with a tiny patch of an islet, just awash, between them. Beyond them, to the north west, appear the bold-wooded heights of Great Woody Island, foreshortened as seen from our position to a dark conical mass, but in reality a narrow strip of hilly land, and five miles in length by from half a mile to a mile wide. These islands are worthy of note as the southern- most limit on the Queensland coast at which the the cocoanut palm is found to thrive and perfect its fruit. There are four of these trees—grown from nuts imported by Polynesian labor vessels— standing on Little Woody Island, one on Great Woody Island, and another on the larger Pic-nic Island. They are but the survivors of more than a hundred growing nuts, which rabbits and black- fellows have destroyed in the early stage of vege- tation. During the operation of boating-up among the islands we note floating patches of the grass green alge on which the dugong feeds ; and are told that the fishery is about to be given up for a time, owing to the increasing scarcity of the game. This so far is satisfactory, as it will give the persecuted creature a respite for the repro- duction of its species, and the Legislature might very properly enact a close season for the dugong fishery. As the afternoon wore on the sky became obscured with drift clouds, and it was plainly raining a few miles inland, so that our prospect of a smooth run to Sandy Cape on the morrow began to look somewhat blue. The evening was spent in standing off and on, opposite the Middle Hill lighthouse on Woody Island, where we landed a mail and two youthful passengers, sons of the keeper. The schooner was brought into a snug berth under the lee of the island, and anchored for the hours of darkness. Next morning we again started, the wind blowing steadily from the southward. Once clear of the Fairway buoy the great extent and smooth outline of the important gulf known as Hervey Bay at once became apparent. On all sides save to the northward the land rose in well defined protuberances, the more distant hills, both on the mainland and Fraser Island, pre- senting the appearance of an archipelago of islands clothed with the richest vegetation, and trembling in the blue base of one of the loveliest May mornings that ever dawned in our brilliant winter climate. The run to the landing-place for Sandy Cape lighthouse, some fifty odd miles, was made in five hours, during the whole of which time Fraser Island, with its tumultuous sand stones and thickly-wooded central axis of moun- tains, continued full in sight ; while on the left hand the shores of the mainland gradually melted off into evanescence, Double Hill Point, the leading mark for the Burrum, continuing visible, like a floating island of Laputa, long after the remainder of the coast line had receded into the gauzy ring of haze that outlined the horizon. Northward from Sandy Point, where the southern portion of Hervey Bay suddenly contracts into a winding strait of cornucopia shape, the land- scape of Fraser Island is marked with still in- creasing barrenness. The wooded peaks become fewer, and are replaced by rounded "brace" covered with stunted vegetation. The coast is all lined with similar slips, forming the so-called cliffs, which are individually known to the pass- ing sailor by various names, and serve him as landmarks of no slight value. By-and-by the evident recession of the shore line shows us to be abreast of Platypus Bay, a broad inlet, having a depth of fully eight miles, and reducing the breadth of the island at its head to less than three miles, a large portion of which is occupied by a group of freshwater lakes of considerable extent, of which the aborigines stand in great dread, by reason of the mysterious monsters that are said to infest their waters. From Rooney Point, the northern horn of the bight, to the lighthouse landing runs a low line of sand dunes with a broad sandy beach at their foot. Just beyond the Point, a few blackened and battered ships' timber imbedded in the sand mark the scene of the wreck of the Panama, bound south- ward from Rockhampton, with a large cargo of spirits on board, which her crew shared in the most impartial manner with the aborigines of the island. For days together the beach at this spot is said to have presented a scene of riot and debauchery only witnessed on such occasions, and the event still marks an era in the memory of the old men of the tribe, just as the wreck of the Ottawa near Indian Head, a month or two ago, under somewhat similar circumstances, will in that of their degenerate and fast-waning des- cendants. A little further on a solitary tree near the outlet of a freshwater stream is pointed out as the place where John Piggott, better known as "Yankee Jack," a dare-devil compound of lumberer and buccaneer, was killed by those same blacks fourteen years ago. The motive must have been a personal one, as they offered no harm to another white man, his companion, who was conveyed in safety to Maryborough by a blackfellow named Toby, believed to be the same who is now expiating in Brisbane Gaol the death of a lumberer named Cunningham, caused by a spear thrown under great provocation in defence of Toby's own son. And now the pure white column of Sandy Cape lighthouse, that we sighted hours ago, dwarfed by many intervening miles to the sem- blance of a tiny finger- post on the distant hills, rises tall and graceful overhead, and bids us anchor. The boat is got out, and after a few strokes of the oar intervening sandhills hide the structures from view ; a green swampy valley, studded with the ghosts of what were gum trees, opens in front ; a group of decrepit aborigines, cowering under a wierd-looking many-branched pandanus, throw sharp dark shadows against the glaring sandwall in the afternoon sun ; by- and-by appear men and boys in civilised cos- tume, and a cart and horse emerge on the beach by some invisible track , we step ashore without wetting foot, and find ourselves on the north- ern extremity of Fraser Island. Mr. Simpson, the principal lighthouse keeper, is there to wel- come us, some healthy-looking well behaved-boys follow, and soon we are being escorted by a little crowd of the residents up the glen, at whose ex- tremity the tramway—one of the lions of Sandy Cape—is in readiness to convey us to the level of the lighthouse, 300ft above the beach. An even ledge, rising a foot or two above the firm wet sands, marks the usual limit of tidal action. Above this a gay flowering ipomea, with large fleshy leaves, is everywhere endeavoring, though ineffectually, to bind together the loose material with its long cord-like runners. Further on a swamp, now dry, discloses a wealth of peaty soil that would make the fortune of a London florist if he had it at his door. The track to the foot of the precipitous incline up which the tramway has been carried skirts this swamp on the right hand, through a wild growth of fern and coarse grasses of various descriptions, among which the kangaroo and Mitchell are distinguish- able, affording a fair augury of the quality of the pasture even this, the least promising, portion of Great Sandy Island. In one place a patch of the intrusive Hindoo, Sir Couch, has taken good root, and seems to claim encouragement as nature's own instrument for fixing and subduing these restless sands. At a couple of hundred yards distance from the shore the glen widens, and various forest trees, intermixed with wattles and other shrubby growth, cover the steep slopes and soften the uninviting scenery into something of picturesqueness. Low clumps of the corypha palm—tall ones have long been sacrificed for the "cabbage"—appear at intervals among the undergrowth, protected by their spines against the dainty bite of the numerous goats that supply the members of this ultima thule of the Wide Bay district with milk and fresh meat. Arrived at the foot of the tramway, most of the party elect to ascend the fairy car that is in waiting, and to be "wound up" the incline by the joint agency of a chain and an invisible horse-whim above. The motion, however, is so slow, and the pleasure of sitting sideways on the edge of a box on wheels while said box is being dragged up an incline of 45° at a rate of speed not much faster than the minute hand of a watch seems to trench so closely on the confines of pain that one of the party, at anyrate prefers trusting to his own un- aided powers for the ascent, which he finds by no means as difficult as it is described. The chief use of this tramway is in conveying to the humans eyrie on the ridge above the monthly supplies of flour and other necessaries, of which the horse-whim is competent to draw up a ton at a time. In the construction of this tramway, which is solidly laid in frame on a substructure of sleepers carefully held in place by deeply driven pegs, the equation of force has been care- fully studied ; and as time is not of much value at Sandy Cape it matters little how slow the motion be. From the whim head, where the horse, driven by a blackfellow, had been running round at the rate of about 100ft of circuit for every foot length of chain wound up, the tram- way is continued at a slight gradient along a narrow ridge to the broad and rounded summit that supports the lighthouse and its subsidiary dwelling-houses. At first sight it seems hazard- ous to have placed so ponderous and lofty a building—the tower is 95ft. above the founda- tion—on so shifty and, to all appearance, unstable a site. But distrust vanished when we leam that the cylinder that supports the tower is a solid mass of cement, packed in an iron caisson, and weighing all together 1400 tons, a weight ex- ceeding that of the superstructure, and sufficient, by the pressure it exercises on the underlying sand, to obviate all risk of settlement in any direction of the surrounding precipitous slopes. Further security, if such were needed, is afforded by huge squared logs of hardwood timber fitted together in frame, and so composing platforms that surround the tower and its adjuncts on all sides ; the intervals being filled in with the uni- versal staple of the island, and the whole afford- ing an oasis of firm ground for the inhabitants to stand on, which this narrator testifieth to be a grand relief from the universal wading gait that has to be adopted outside. The dwellings of the people employed here by the Government under the undisputed but mild sway of Simpson, the chief lighthouse-keeper, are all of the best description, and well provided with galvanised iron tanks, of which we counted ten, a number by no means excessive, considering that Sandy Cape has an exceptionally dry climate, even for Australia, and that during the last two years, especially, the rainfall has been so slight as to cause the drying up of all the swamps in the vicinity, some of which had never been known to fail since the place was first explored. As for Simpson's own residence, the Government House of the small colony, it is a real cottage ornée, with a verandah festooned by creeping plants, nice furniture, piano, books, &c;, and a well-kept little garden on two sides, in which pineapples, cabbages, and a few other plants are manfully struggling against the penurious aridity of the soil. A low stockyard, in which the milch goats of the herd are nightly made to yield their tribute, affords the means of imparting to the little patch of garden ground such fertility as it is capable of. But, besides a garden and a stock- yard, Sandy Cape possesses the means of intel- lectual culture in a well-managed State school. The school-room is capitally adapted for its pur- pose, with a smooth cemented floor as white as snow—there is no danger of muddy boots on Fraser Island,—and walls bristling with maps and other educational appliances, all ranged in the neatest order, and kept in the brightest con- dition possible. Of the lighthouse itself it is impossible to speak too highly. It is a magnificent structure, the rearing of which on such a spot, under far more than ordinary mechanical difficulties, must always strike the visitor with astonishment. No small credit is due to the aborigines of the island for the faithful and willing help they rendered in carrying the heavy material composing it, piecemeal, to the required spot ; and one cannot but wonder how such ponderous masses of iron, wood, and cement could have been transported to such a height under circumstances so unpro- mising. The tower is built entirely of iron, has several stories, and is ascended by a winding staircase leading into the lantern chamber within, and on to an open gallery—like that of the London Monument—on the outside. From this gallery, 90ft. above the ground, and 400ft. above the sea, a magnificent view of the surrounding expanse of land and water is obtained. Very little timber worthy the name is visible. The largest trees are the sand pines (frenela, Sp.), and they are twisted by the boisterous gales of the region into the most ungainly shapes. A wattle, resembling much the narrow-leaved species pecu- liar to the Lake Torrens region, grows luxuri- antly, and is encouraged about the station for the sake of the shelter it affords from the force of the gale. Like La Fontaine's reed, it bends low and breaks not, unlike certain bloodwoods, the stumps of which were pointed out to us near Mr. Simpson's house shredded to the semblance of a shaving-brush by the tempest that, a few weeks back, wrung off crowns and trunks, and bore them away, howling, towards the setting sun. The undergrowth is chiefly fern, ipomea, rushes, and coarse grass, but in the immediate neighborhood of the station the common pink and white vines, a few plants of which were in- troduced some years ago, and which the goats refuse to touch, has multiplied amazingly, and already imparts to many of the slopes a warmer and more cheerful coloring. After holding a levée of about a dozen blacks, comprising only those who were too old or too young to join in a grand inter-tribal fight said to be then in progress on the main beach (on the eastern side of the island)—and on whom the commodore bestowed the Queen's annual bounty in the shape of sundry blankets, bags of flour and sugar, and modicums of tobacco—we bade adieu to our kind and hospitable hosts. It was impossible not to feel an interest in this remote community, so orderly, peaceful, and well con- ducted, their wants and ambitions as modest as the means of satisfying them are circumscribed. The local bill-of-fare, although good as regards quality, is rather limited in point of variety. Animal food is represented by the three items of fish, goat mutton, and an occasional consignment of salt beef from the mainland ; there is also an unlimited supply of milk at all times. Vegetables might be grown in any quantity in the rich black peaty soil on the borders of the swamps, but the pilfering habits of the blacks are a great discouragement. Telegraphic communication with Sandy Cape lighthouse, as well as with Lady Elliot Island (forty miles north-north-west in the latitude of Bustard Bay) is much required ; and it is scarcely to the credit of the Govern- ment that two such important points of observa- tion, the value of which would be much enhanced in time of war, should still remain disconnected from the speaking wires that elsewhere permeate the colony. "TRAVELLER" writes us (D. D. Gazette) the following stray notes from Yulebah, August 13 : — "From Roma to the Yulebah, a distance of forty-four miles, the road is in a dreadful state for want of grass ; not a blade to be seen within any reasonable distance, and until it gets a thorough good soaking with rain, sufficient to stop all traffic for a spell, there will be no feed on it. From the Yulebah to the Dogwood on the old road, I am told that there is a little feed to be got here and there, but that from there right into Dalby there is literally nothing, the road being more destitute of grass than ever known.' 