N£WS OF THH DAY. The Qua Committee met at Parliament Houae to-day. Several letters were read, and gome witneosea examined. A. report ia given in another colnmo. Mr BalphN. Henningham, tho well-koown estate agent of Carlton, was proceeded against at the City Police Court to-day, on anmmons, at the instanae of Mr Bobert Brnnton, a resident of Kensington, who charges Mr Henningham with having obtained from him a sum of money, and two bills of . exchange tor £52 and £61 respectively, and whioh have been taken np on reaching maturity, by represent- Eg himself as tho agent of a Mr Gtawone, who had commissioned him to soil certain land near Footscray. Mr Box appeared for the prosecution, and Mr Moiesworth for the defendant. The oase was only partially heard to-day, and was adjourned for the production of Mr Qawnne, who, aecordiog to the prosecution, was ovading service, Mr Molesworth agreed to the adjournment inasmuch as he particularly dosired the at tendance of Mr Qawnne to prove incontcs. tibly the innocence of hie client. Mr Call,- P.M., remanded .'be farther hearing of the cnte till next Wednesday. In another column we give an extract from a Brisbane journal containing some interest ing information concerning the City of Glasgow Bank, It is believed that the bank is carried on npon a basis which loaders each shareholder liable for tho whole of the liabilitier. : At the City Police Oouit to-day, a young mnn, named Thomas B. Crawford, was brought up charged with forging and utter ing a cheque in the namo of Messrs Bsath, Bcbiess and Co. for £3 odd. Ddtec.ive Brown, who had charge of tho case, on np- ' plying for a remand, stated that thare were several other charges of a similar natare which would be preferred against the ac cused. The remand asked for was granted. 1 lie right name of the prisoner, who hails from Ballarat, is stated to be Wolaley, and it is further rumored that he is a brother of Sir Garnet. WolBley, tho governor of tho lately acquired British possession — the Island of Cyprus. A man named John Taylor was charged at tho Emerald Hill Police Court this morn ing with thii forgery of a cheque, with whioh he endeavored to impose npon a tradesman named James Adams to the extent of £-1, Upon tho application of the police lie was remanded till Wodnesdny noxt. Laura O'Menra, charged with being an idle and disorderly person, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment, JnmcB Archie nnd John Hoyne, two roving young thieveB, were had tip in tho Prnhrnu Court to- day, and remanded till Mondny, on u charge ol burglary at tho grocery store of Mr Charlton, High street, nnd stealing small goods, thero being also n second chargo of fowi-.tenllng from other premisos. A couple of young girls, Theresa Qreen and Mary J. Murray, were remanded till Monday on several chargos of shoplifting. Elizabeth Brian, another young offender, but well known lo the police, got three months for Btcaling a brooch, having pleaded gniity, . There is an old saying that beggars mast not be choosers, but an old fellow, 72 years of ago, named John Prosser, who was brought before the City Court thiB morning on a obarge of vagrancy, thought differently, Tho old fellow, who formerly worked at his trade, that of n coachman, for the last ten years, has never done anything for a living, and oxcept when doing a sentence In gaol for vagrancy, he never has any fixed habitation, but sleeps in ompty honBes, &c.; Last night Prosser was found by the police sleeping in a closet, Mr Call, P.M., uakod tho accused if he bad ever been an iuuiate of the Immi grants' Homo, Tip) poor old man waxed in dignant at tbo qnostion, and, with a con siderable degree of warmth, replied, " No, no, your Worship ; I wonld not go to suoh a filthy place as the Home I" This rather par- ticular elderly gentleman was sent to gaol for three months, at the expiration of which time an effoit will be made to obtain hie ad mission into tho Benevolent Asylnm. We notice br an advertisement that the time for receiving applications for tho Morgan's Birthday Company is cxtendod to the 31st October. Nnmeroas applications arc being received for thorn. There wss a fire last night, ahortly after twelve, on the premises of Mr James Dunn, Grattnn strcot, Prnhrnn. It broke oat in a shed used for the atorngo of fars and skins, and r.bont £30 damage ensued, bnt the tiro was quenched without the assistance of the brigade. The place was not iusured. The Mayor of Prahran, Mr S, Willis, and several uf the councillors, in co-operation with other public spirited gentlemen, have been in consultation recently with a view ti got up s moonlight concert in aid of the lands of tho Asylnm for the Blind, and tho Deaf and Dumb Institution, which charities do not participate in the Hospital Saturday nnd Sunday funds. At a meeting held in the local Town-hall, on Tuesday ovaning, to which the committees and superintendents ot the two institutions were invited ; the mayor in tho chair ; t was staled that tho use of the Botanical Gardens had been obtained for Tuesday, 10th December, and that very hearty and liberal promises of assistance in the way of bands of music, torches, and torch-bearois, and in fluential patronage had already been voluntarily made. Oommittoes were ap pointed to devise systematic arrangements to ensure the ultimate success of the laudable object of the promoters. On the 16th August last a cloak, belonging to a waitress named Margaret Graham, waB stolen from a dance-room in Queensberry street, Hotham, and was subsequently fouud by the police in a hones occupied by a young man named Edward Goggins. The girl Graham stated that she left the cloak, with 13b 6d in the pocket, hanging up in a recess at the back of the hall, and on going to look for it after the dancing was over, it was gone. Goggins was ar-osted in company with another young man, named James Oane, coming out of Pontridge Stockade, where they had undergono a term of imprieonmont for an off : nee of a similar character. The benoh, although the girl identified tbo artioie, considering tho fact of its being fonnd in Goggins's- housa uot sufficient evidence to warrant a conviction , discharged him. The Geeloug Advertiser states that a notorious old beggar, named James Williams, who has been stopping at the Ooffee Booms for over two montbB, was brought before the ; Police Court, yesterday, oa a charge of va- graney, and sentenced to two months' im prisonment, Williams was an accomplished beggar, his polite style being very insinuating, and he generally managed to obtain peenniary assistance from those to Whom bo appealed. He made a mistake, however, the other Suuday, for he 1 stopped Sergeant Morton in the street, and solicited aid, The sergeant was in plain clothes at -the time, and of course ho took occasion to cantion Williams to desist from soliciting alms in the street. Williams got drank on Tuesday night, and waB then pounced npon by Constable Glenuy. Anent the diamond drills, a scientific writer in a recent home jonrual states that "thn so-called diamonds in the diamond rock . drills are in reality carbonite, a mineral found in Brazil. When first offered for snlo the price was fourpence a carat, now it ia from fifteen to twenty shillings. These pieces of enrbonito being firmly set ia a 'crown,' form a drill which, when driven by steam, will pierce the very hardest of rockB. According to the nature of the rock, the progress will be from one lnoh to two and half inches per minute, which in ten hours would amount to a considerable nnmber of feet. The wear ot carbonite is so small, that in boring qnartz, : which is not a eoft rock, to a depth of 30 feot, no more ttfhn one sixty-fourth of an inch would be worn off." The committee of the Geeloug Free Library met last evening, when it was re- poried that the total defalcations of Mr Purdue, the late librarian, amounted to £102 IBs lid. It was agreed to request the Government to offer a reward for the appre hension of the defaulter, and that another librarian should bo obtained without delay. A grand bazaar In aid of the Presentation Convent, 8', Kilda, wns opened at the Town Hall, Prahran, yesterday afternoon, and waB largely attended both In the afternoon and evening. It will remain open every after noon nnd evening this week, and in the evenings choice selections of music will be given. The complimentary return ball to the Mnyor of Melbourne and Mrs Pigdon will bo held this evening, in the Town Hall, His Excellency the Governor, Lady Bowen, and suite will arrive about 9 o'clock. The offi cers of H.M.S, Sapphire have been nlBo in vited. There will be no interval at sapper time, as the band will play through the evening, the performers taking refreshments in relays. Messrs Clements and Phipps, Swanston street, are tho caterers. The fol lowing are the arrangements regarding street traffic: — Vehicles Betting down visi tors must have the horsen' heads to the north j and- taking np visitors tho horses' heads to tbo south, The ordinary traffic will bo stopped between Bonrkoand Flinders Etreets, in Swanston street, from half-past 8 to half-paBt 10 p.m., and from Elizabeth to Russell street, in Collins street, and other cross streets. A natural curiosity (says tho Gippsland TimeB), rarer than tho white owl, was captured on Saturday laBt near the Bald Hills, in the shape of a snow-white bear, or sloth. Like a true albino, bo had light bine eyes, with ver milion colored iris, and a light cornutod nose and he generally presented n weak-minded appearance: The finder, Mr Griffiths, has presented tho atrange animal to the Ac- climalisatinn Society, The Ballarat Star writes : — Tho Com missioner of Publio Works, Mr J. B. Patterson to his credit, seems in earnest in his deBire to administer tho Local Government Act in its integrity, nnd especially ho with respect to tho expacdituro of Bhiro funds on public works by local bodies through certified engineers. The circular issued to Govern ment auditors of municipal accounts convoys spocifio Instructions respecting sections 173 nnd 175 of the act, and tells them to see that all vouohers for payment on account of works are certified to and Bigned by duly certificated engineers ; and also to report all defaulting shires and boroughs evading tho law iu respect Lhoreto. This is snffioiont evidence of thiB, it being a preliminary step, presu mably, to ulterior action being taken. Apropos of this, via understand that nn as sociation line been formed by certificated shire engineers, as suggested iu our columns some time ago, and it is intended tolproeeod against certain amateur surveyors for infringing the law, who hnvo commenced "noting" in that capacity aiuoo the statute came iuto force, while legally qualified profcssionul men were availnble. The engineers think tlint they nro perfectly justified iu this course, for while tboy seek to protect their own interests they protect thoss of the ratepayers at tho same time, a fact which hna boon demonstrated over nnd ovor again, and they have clearly tho sympathy of the depart ment and the public with them in this mat ter, This brings us at once to tho conclusion that it is futile for se many small munici palities — i.e., shires aud boroughs — to at tempt to carry on their works alone. It would be much better for several of thorn to unite into ono large district, when it iB con venient to do so, and employ ndaly qualified engineer for tho whole, thus ensuring thrtt their funds would be well nnd economically expended. It ia probable that _ legislation will be turned in thiB direction in any nsw municipal not. The Sydney Evening News writes:— The wool season, whioh commenced about the and of August, has now assumed n very brisk aspect. For the next thirty days it is oxpeotod that 1000 bales a day will be re ceived by railway at the Bedfern terminus. This month at least will realise b tween 14,000 nnd 16,000 bales, and during the months of November and December it is ex- pected that 50,000 bales will be rPe«i.»4 This will bring the returns up ?o 5? I'" figures as they were Inst year. At there aro 2000 bales received in excesfoUhn number ngainst last year's receipts for ia! aamedatce. On Hie whole it is anticipated tw nn excess of 10,000 to 20,000 bales willba ,! ceived this year over last year's returns' The Government havo gone to heavy exeenu." m providing overy accommodation, not oul» in the construction of large woolahods at Darling Harbour, but iu aeourioe rsnfs transit and n better clagsifiontion of ih» goods on their arrival. In addition to thif extonsivo improvementa have been effort!., l in the wool stores, and thero is a large nn„, bef of wool ships in port. Tho folluwiol' am the weekly returns of wool received at Bedfern since tho sensuu opened I.. I auguet :— For tho week ending August To ' 130 bales wore received ; August 17. 78 h.i;. , August 24, 101 bnlea ; August 31,363 hnl«. ' September 7, 112 bal'ea September 2i Si bnlee; September 21, 83 bales ; September 28 64 ( bales; October 5, 1639 bales. (W.' ber 12, 2118 balcB; Ootober 19, 3558,, To0 much praise cannot bo bestowed on tb« auperintendcnt of tho gnnds ahed, Mr. Frank Hnrpur, fur the expeditious mnnner in which the goods traffic has been transacted Among the various coloninl industries wnr.a mentioning is tho growth of colonial tob-ml y the Ohineao on the mountains and »t Bownmg. Numerous baleB of tobacco In thn eaf havo lately been received by railwav ; s nd the Chinamen assort that their crops nra ealntng them a handsome competence Some correspondents of foreign papers nrn not particular as to what they say of thiS « olony, as witness tho following sentences x traded from a leading Canadian paper !! xT .tm0n ray, 'rom tho qniet city "of : Melbourne, and t is hard to conceive how a city with n population of over 210,000 souls can exist with so little noise and bustle " This Is not bnd for a start, but what follows . is a great deal worse :— "Most of tho farmers keep n few cattle, but do not milk cows as I rule ; so they have neither milk nor butter for familv use. Neither is it by any maansamual thing to see potatoes or other vegetablea in country townp. The universal dwelling ia a low cottage, with clay floor, and no ceiling hut open to tbo rafters." The whole accouat is capped by this startling announcement:— "x have seen firat-o)a6S mechanics working for twelve shillings a week, and laborers for "oven shillings a week to keep their families from starving." The nuthor of the above description of Victoria beate Munchaaio and every one of his disciples. Tho match between the Oorio and the Melbourne (Jricket Clubs, whioh wns tj have been plnyed on the Melbourne groand on Saturday next, will bo played at Qooloag inBtead, and tho Melbourne team will pro. CEed to the Pivot on MoDday morning. Miss AdaWillettB gave a pianoforte recital at Government House yesterday, before Lady Bowen and a largo number of friends. The party were delighted with the little musician nnd ber brilliant performances. Micerva has had a successful" run at the Academy of Music daring the week. Mr Montagu Sco't's clever oaricatnreB are much admired. It is announced that on Satarda? evening a now dramatised version of Oliver Twist will be played. . The United States Minstrels ara sti pur suing the even tenor of their successful way at fct. Geerge's Hall, and nightly delight . very largo audiences. An extraordinary feature in connection with this company is the seemingly inexhaustible supply of noveltieB which they have, Every week they present a fresh programme, and almost every item Knew to the public. It is evident that the members of the company are not cocteDtwith receiving public support, but are determined to deserve it. We notice that Ic-morrow evening Mr B. W. Kohler, the well-known musician, will take his first benefit, when BpeciBi attractions will be offered. The entertainment will nppropri- . ately be more of a musical character than usual, although of coarse humorous sketches, clover dances, nnd fresh jokeB will find a place in the programme, Mr Wybert Beeve, by his poworful repre sentation of Count Fosco iu tho Woman iu White, at the Theatre Royal, h&B; fully established himself in public fame. He is an actor of great capabilities, and has evi dently made this character thn subject of deep stndy, so that the result is one of the most striking representations witnessed in Melbourne for a length of time. The drama is wonderfully well played, nnd all the < fleets well managed. It will be repeated this and to-morrow oveniDge. Mr D'Arcy Bead's ghost entertninmen at the Athenmum Hall is well entitled one of the novelties of the aeasoB, for it is very clever and remarkably amusing. The capers of the shadowy visitants are comical in the highest degree, and the audience is kept fully amused. It is a pity that the excellencies of the sensational and moraljdrama British Born now being played at' the PrinoesB' Theatre, nrenot more widely known, or we are sure they would . be more fully recognised. It is not splay with any groat pretensions to originality, bnt it is so well constructed, so well written, and combines the sensation with the hnmoroUB in such n pleasant mnnner, that it strikes the audience as charmingly fresh while withal it is bo well played, and so completely put on the stage, that nothing is wanting to make it fully enjoyable. The management nnnounco that it will be withdrawn after Saturday evening, and those who desire a really capital evening's enjoyment should therefore nvnil themselves of the opportunity of witnessing British Born this week. Macbeth has been the attraction at the Prince of Wales Opera House during the week, and continues to hold a high place iu public estimation. Mr OrCBwick is particu larly successful as Macbeth. The character is one that suits him splendidly, nnd it cau be said that it is long since such a Macbeth hns been sccri on. the Melbourne stage, while it has never anrpatBed. Mrs Bteeie as Lady Mncbstli has full opportunity to display her great talents, not only as an actreas of the first water, but also as one of the most accomplished elocutionists in the colonies. It is a treat to hear two such artists in such parts as these. Locke's beautiful municis given in in its entirety ; Miss Lydia Hownrde being specially engaged to appear aa He- cntc, 