TURF NOTES. In tuiBwer to many inquiries we are re quested to Btate that Mr. George Vowles, the handicapper's, address is at Kirk's Bazaar, where all letters will find him The full programme of the Melbourne Hunt Club Autumn Meeting is published this week. It contains fire events-a handicap hurdle race with 50 sovs. added ; a hunters' hurdle race, of 50 SOTS., gentlemen riders; a handicap flat race, of 50 sovs.; an open steeplechase, with 100 sovs. added, and the Queen's Birthday Stakes, a handicap flat race of 50 sovs., half a mile. There has been scarcely any wagering upon the two handicaps of the V.R.C. Autumn Meeting, and until the members of the ring return from Tasmania speculation will re main very quiet. In the eady part of the week a few doubles were laid, First King and Newminster being usually selected £qi the Cup, and Waterford, Salisbury, and Fisherman for the shorter race. The accept ances were declared on Wednesday, and are considered very satisfactory. Acceptances for the Benalla handicaps must be declared on or before Thursday next, the 21st inst. Entries for the Raywood Town Plate and Hurdle Race are also due at the same time. The Victoria Amateur Turf Club propose holding their nest meeting atCaulfield on the 1st of July. A numerously-attended meeting of gentle men desirous of holding the annual race meeting at Talbot, was held lately at the Glasgow Arms Hotel. The mayor (Mr. F. J. Dowling, J.P.) occupied the chair. The audited oalance-sheet was read and adopted, showing, a balance to the credit of the club of £8 10s. 6d. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. Pierce, seconded by Mr. Peters, that the annual meeting be held on Tuesday, the 9th April. The following gen tlemen were appointed the committee: Messrs. Dowling, Reid, Pierce, Jolly, San ders, Fraser. Peters, Ramsay, Tolson, Scrase, Klein, Noblett, J. M. Murphy, and M'Clel lancL Theannual subscription was fixed at £1 1B. Mr. Reid was appointed, and'consented to act as hon. treasurer, and Mr. A. E.. Roffey hon. secretary. Mr. George Vowles was ap- pointed handicapper; and it was decided that at the next meeting,of > the committee-a pro gramme should be adopted, the amount of . which will be in excess of that of last year. It was decided to ask the trustees to make some necessary improvements on the course. The preliminary canter of our "Heidelberg friends on Saturday last was not of such a character as to augur well for their success ?when fairly settled in their stride, for if coming events cast their shadows before .them, we fear that Un}e6s more reasonable .counsels prevail, the stewards will obtain -for themselves an unenviable notoriety. Man traps and spring guns are playful inventions compared with'the absurd fences which have been constructed, we should imagine for the express purpose of disarranging the vertebras of both horee and rider. Many of our country meetings are spoilt by the "Little Pedlington " spirit that seems to animate cer tain gentlemen when dressed in a little brief authority as stewards, and the Heidelberg meeting runs the risk of being a failure from similar causes. If it is the intention of the powers that be to render. their meeting attractive they should place as few obstacles as possible in the way of owners of horses, ana "grease their wheels " rather than put the "break on" by,bad management and general inefficiency. These remarks will appear perfectly jwtifiable when it is stated that amongst other things the hurdle race course, as at present planned, is not what its name implies, asa fipuple of the jumps are post and rail fences abtnt the j height of ordinary hurdlest and are consequently most dangerous innovations. IfneSteeplechasecoursehada bom-fide * ' steeple ?- as one of the impedimenta it would be but Uightly more absurd than ,one of the fencei over which the stewards " direct " the ran to be run. We imagine that.no/jockey kith his senses about him would care to risfhis neck by following the stewards' "directions," and few owners would for a ^altry half/ioentury start theit horses when it is anyj^idds against them getting round the, courts vrith limbs intact. The roost absurd, obstacle is (he post-and-raii ditch jump, wh*eh has been devised with considerable ingthuity, and should any one he found foolhfgdy enough to attempt to negotiate it we fpfonld reoommend an ambu lance to be ne»r at hand., The " trap" referred to is. a low poat-and-rail fence ragt.on the edge of a deep ditch, which is about 16ft fygm bank tobank,*nd the ?inVmjitoaB. natup of it must be seen to be thoroughly appreciated.The second jump iB a staff one, pverebyer good counter, rather over th#n .tinder 4ft Sin., nphUl and no wings; j A man must, indeed; havea straight goer to have the remotest chance of WPQMR. < Enough has been said to sho^r the absunlity of the arrangements, attdwe trust to-day .will witness a con lerable alteraam. Sporting men were d& ;hted at the jfcbo*Pt of a race meeting ".ieviv»d ai thepictiu»Bque village " He idelberg, but^imr pleasure is likely to be tumwlft) disgon HQlpee better management prevails. The l^ct<>f a postponementbeing necessary on ajobo^nl ofthe reoent rainy wa&tiier; is not toW regretted, as it will give the stewards aftoppprwity of re-arranging matters and ntacung £6$ meeting from be* coming a positive Awco. After being tolerably weU,e>ecrate£ at . Fleroirigton, and having been over and over again denounced as the Tank eat of curs. AJdinga comes out in a good humour, and appropriates in a truly gallant style the double" of Cup and Handicap at Laun ceston. Mr. W. Dakin must, indeed, have been gratified at the success of his much abused favourite, who has proved himself, when in the humour, to be a worthy son of. the grand old Talk of the Hills. Besides the two race meetings which will occupy the attention of the sporting visitors to Tasmania, there is the sale of the Wood lands yearlingB, which takes place to-day. Ten out of the eleven catalogued are by Horatio, who so gallantly carried the all black of Mr. De Mestre to the fore in many a hard- fought contest, out of such mares as Queen of Clube, Miss Rowe, Merry toes (who is out of Quickstep, the dam of The Quack and Nimblefoot), vin Ordinaire, and other first-class animals, The youngsters axe re ported to be inlblooming condition, and several will, doubtless, cross the straits as the property of Victorians.. Racing men will just have sufficient time to lose their sea legs when they will be wanted to assist at another meeting at Kensington park. Theprogramme containssome novelties, and should prove attractive to those fond of an occasional " diversion." A time handicap trot, a pony race, and a welter handicap are added to the customary hurdle, and steeple, and handicap flat race. We are not now in a position to speak of the quality of the sport, but there will certainly be no lack of quantity. Entries For the various events close on Monday, the 18th inst., at 5 o'clock, and the weights will be declared on the fol lowing Wednesday. The "night" of general entry for the various events of the Hampden Racing Club is fixed for the 19th inst. Nominations for the Shire Handicap, Borough Handicap, and Handicap Hurdles of the St. Arnaud Turf Club must be in the hands of the secretary on or before 6 p.m. on Monday, the 18th inst. Respecting themeritsof Americanand Cana dian horses, a correspondent to the London Fkld writes as follows:-After two years' ex perience I can report most favourably of the imported Canadian, having had several under my care and driving. They are particularly hardy and sure-footed, soon become inured to our climate and food-more so than Irish horses. I have one now, a match barouche horse, bought in Glasgow last February soon after landing, and has never been off his feed since, and the only one of 10 in a close London stable that escaped influenza last May. The Glasgow tramway cars and the Cale Railway omnibuses are solely horsed by these imports, arid I am sure they can hold theirown anywhere at light work; indeed, the railway company's greys are exceedingly powerful, well grown, and capital action. Upwards of 300 imports have passed through one Glasgow man's hands within the year, one of which, I believe, is the black mare that has thus early earned a name in the Fife country; and several others, I know, have turned out first class hacks and roadsters. The Castertoti Racing Club have fixed their meeting for Thursday, May 16. The pro gramme is published this week. The prizes are on a very liberal scale-the Glenelg Han dicap of 70 sovs., the Steeplechase of 120 sovs., and the Hurdle Race of 75 sovs. being the chief of them. The fees for nomination and acceptance are, however, much too high, and detract considerably from the liberal cha racter of the programme. _ The fact of so many of the talent rusticating in Tasmania has caused but little attention to be bestowed upon the handicaps for the Australian Cup and Newmarket Handicap. Several doubles have been spotted by the knowing ones, who consider First Knag's chance to be somewhat of a roseate hue.: Great horse as he undoubtedly is, he is now called upon to give weight to many an animal, that can compass the Cup distance, and we' scarcely expect to see him hailed the victor on the eventful 7th of March. If Waxy is the horse his friends believe him to be, 6st 31b. should not prevent him obtaining a situation. Mr. Henty's horse certainly had the worst of a wretched start at Geelong, so that no line can be taken from his perform ance on that occasion, and his admirers still aver that had he been treated to ahythinglike a fair chance he would have been returned the winner. - Savanaka was not in form at Geelong, and we question had he been so whether 8st. would not have been too much for him ; with 51b. less weight his chance is not to be lightly esteemed, as he galloped home an easy winner with 7st. 71b. in the Midsummer Handicap, and there were some rare good horses belund Trim. If he comes to the post with the true St. Albans polish ' and the money is put down,: this game little horse will take a lot of: beating. For the Newmarket Handicap but few selections have been made by the cognoscenti. Salisbury, Waterford, and Fisher man have all been nibbled at, but should Haricot, 7st. l(flb.. be the Haricot of former days he will be all there at the finish, and Sefton with.7st must be classed as belonging to the dangerous division. It is, however, somewhat premature to speculate upon the chances of the various candidates, but on the return of the ring from Tasmania we may. expect some neavy wagering, as several of the horses are highly fancied, and are bound to carry heaps of public money, irrespective of stable commissions. With reference to the question of whether. any horse had ever jumped 7ft., a corre-j spondent at Launceston kindly forwards to : us the following from Fifty Years Biographical! Eeminiscences, by Lord William Pitt Lennox, ; 1863" During this winter <1808) a bet was; made by my father and Sir Edward Crofton ' for £500, that the latter should not produce a : horse who could leap, in fair Irish Bporting' style (which allows just touching with the j hind feet), a wall 7ft high. Sir Edward pro duced a half-bred animal called Turnip, by Turnip, a thoroughbred son of the celebrated Pot-8-os, that was brought to Dublin by Colonel Hyde, his dam a common Irish mare. On the day appointed, a rate was removed from its place in a very high park wall, near the Phoenix-park, and men and stones being ready, was built up to the required height, in the presence of my father. While this was being rapidly done by men used to build such walls,. Turnip was walking about, rode (ridden?) by a common groom 'in jacket and cap! > When all was ready and the signal given-over he went, but had so little run, 'that my father, thinking the rider was going to: turn him round and give him a race at it, moved his head at the inement and did not ae&theleap.; To re- assure him, however, the horse araarode(ridden?) over it again. He was a slow horee, and died afterwaxdsJxom the effects of a seveie ran withtheKiljclare hounds man open Country, wheee; thongh thfc fenties in EnglAndwouldbe Tedkim&WtntB;, they \Vere nothing to Hie ^vaUstrfiCoeanamoti and Qalway." ' « That so large a prtnort&on; of the htafi entered for the Cap ana Handicap should xsky ooatentiB iather flattering la the fitfttoerurf the handicaps, and we mayexpect to Melt cood muster face the starter for bo&«n^a. Tbeehort joumeytoemB to 4)e viw»pfl#Hh considerable favour by horse-owners; and should Mr. Watson succeed in getting what is certain to be a large field away upon any thing like"equal terms, we are bound to wit ness a -grand finish, as a considerable per centage of those engaged are veritable flyers over, six furlongs, and, should no scrimmage occur, a splendid race will result . Entries for the Gipps Land Handicap, to which Mr. W. Pearson, of Kilmany park, has liberally presented £100, are due on the 23rd of March. The weights for the other handicaps, for which entries are already made, will appear on the 2nd March. Another great" certainty" has been upset, and Laertes did not win the Hobart Town Cup. A genuine feeling of surprise and pleasure was felt when the news came to hand that the popular colours of Mr. C. M. Lloyd had been borne to the front on Swiveller, a horse that was never mentioned by tout or turf prophet as having a ghost of a chance. It must nave been a fine finish, and from all accounts, had Barmaid made play a little earlier, Lang's stable would have had a turn, as the mare1 was somewhat fancied by her party. On the morning of the race Filibuster was sup|K>rted in town owing to - certain ?" information received," but Swiveller came to the rescue, and added another instance to the " glorious uncer tainty of racing." On the strength of his running at Geelong, Waterford. it appears, was. made favourite, but only succeeded in getting sixth. The time, 3m. 21s., is anything But good. The Heidelberg meeting takes place this afternoon. The course, we are informed, is in splendid order, and a large attendance is expected. ?? V.E.C. GENERAL ENTRIES.-Owners of horses are reminded that these entries must be made at the offices of the V.R.C., A.J.C., or S.A.J.C. before 4 p.m. on Thursday next. The-autumn programme has been framed, upon the customary scale of liberality? and. the various events should be largely patronised. We would impress upon all in terested the fact that no entries will be re ceived on any pretence whatever after the hour named. 