SYDNEY. SYDNEY, March 3A (FROM OCR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Mrs. Scott-Siddons is drawing good houses in " Our Boys," though J still believe that the forit of this very clever and extremely pretty artiste lies in reading rather than in stage business. The Rev. Charles Clark (he still adheres to the clerical prefix) has not lost any of his old power to fix the attention of a Sydney audience as no other man has been able to fix it, for a couple of hours at a stretch. His new lecture on " Macaulay" is simply superb, and the illustrative recitals —the " keeping of the bridge" especially—called forth a spontaneous tribute of enthusiastic applause which I at any rate hare never seen equalled in the city. An art exhibition of an interesting character was opened yesterday at the School of Arts Hall, Pitt-street The collection comprises porcelain jointings, Swiss carvings, terra cotU, Roman and Florentine mosaics, Florentine statuary, and some really excellent copies of .several original paintings by the old masters. The entries for the A. J. C. Australian Meeting are considered on the whole to be highly satisfactory. In the Hurdle race there are eighteen entries, against seventeen last year; Australian Stakes, fifteen against twelve; Trial "Stakes, twenty-eight against twenty-four; and so on. Chester is generally regarded by the knowing ones as the best in for the Sydney Cap. There has not, however, so far been much betting beyond a little speculation iu doubles oil the Champagne Stakes and Cup. The old saying to the effect that a sailor has "a wife in every port" was more than justified-in a case brought under the notice of the Water police Magistrate. From this case it would seem that a sailor has sometimes a plurality of wives at one and the 6ame time at tbe same port. W. C. Speeding, master of the steamer Bowen, was charged with bigamy, he ha\'ing in November lost married one Emily Conlon whilst his former wife, married in 1674, was still alive. From the evidence at tbe police court enquiry, it appfeared that the fact of prisoner being a married mau was rumored at the time of bis marriage witb Miss Conlon. He, however, stoutly denied the truth of the statement, and the wedding' took place. Tuo months later the first wife turned up, and as she did not care to play the part ot a,:female Lnoch Ardeu, the case came Wore, tbe court. The substance of Speeding's defence was that he. was very sorry, and that he believed hts first wife to be dead when he contracted thfe second marriage. This explanation was not considered Satisfactory by the Bench, and the prisoner, was cointrial at the next eitti Court n 3 of the Criminal The " Art-union " mauia is attaining dimensions o! a serious character. The daily papers contain several advertisements of these thinly-veiled gambling organisations, 6onie of which have been got up in Victoria. But it is hot alone to the i«g attaiia that the system has been brought into Play ; the swindle is carried down to a very much humbler level. As an instance, I may cite the case of an enterprising publican in a back street of uie city who announces an " art-union " whew the principal prize (the value of which may be taken out m cash at tbe option of the purchaser) Tliettotrcs have beeu well filled during tbe week, the late change in the wcktber having tendered a sitting of two or three houre in these not over-well ventilated buildings somewhat less o£, aii infliction than it was a week or two ago. On ihureday evening there was a butnper bouse at the Eoyal, on the occasion of the 1 benefit of Mr. uoorge Darrell, the piece obosen forthe &ODarfioh; was announced « unS^e l ^ T i t h e ind the Jjmaflying-in ttfe barWi m. SSSr^u 4 ' e W * ^ excelled Ml previous efforts, and Mrs. Datrell did erery jusW to the character of Helen Macgregor. The .piece was well put oa the stage, and went very smoothly for ft first representation. Allowing that no reasonable precautions eholild be ouiitted with a view to prevent infection and contagion in tlie case of any outbreak of small pox or similar diseases, it is still equally certain that tbe existence of the disease ought to l»e determined before severe measures qre adopted. There should at least be reasonable care exercised to detcrmine tbe necessity of such action, before people nro boxed up in quarantine for weeks together. I am sorry to say tnat proper caution of this kind was not shown with regard to the recent quarantining of the City of Sydney. This vessel had been some ten or twelve days in the harbor, when all of a sudden it was found that a man on board was ill. The conclusion Jumped at—as it would now appear from ho sufficient reason—was that tbe man was suffering from small pox, and immediately all on board tbe ship were placed ill quarantine. There iBurely ought to be sufficient medical skill available in the city to pronounce authoritatively whether a patient is or is not suffering from small pox, and so to prevent a crowd of people—visitors to the ship amongst the rest—from being subjected to what virtually amounts to a fortnight s imprisonment quite unnecessarily. I may remark that had the case been redly one of small pox, the precautions taken would have been quite unavailing, as hundreds of persons had been on board the vessel prior to the date of quarantining. April 3. The Ghost illusion attracts large houses at the Guild-hall every night; and no wonder, for the affair is capitally managed. A being which appears to be to all intents and purposes H living man walks on to, the stage, and then literally melts into thin air before one's eyes ; and then a moment later there grown out of empty space a shadowy form, which gradually solidifies into what one could swear is a bom fide flesh and blood individual, until tbe " thing" begins calmly to walk up the walls of the room and finally " melts away " on the ceiling. The Electoral Bill having been thrown out on a technical point raised by the indefatigable Mr. Greenwood, a new measure has been introduced of a somewhat similar character. The new bill, however, provides additional representatives for the following electorates, which were not included in the schedule to the original measure, viz.:— Canterbury, Balranald, The Clarence, The Lachlan, Murrumbidgee, East Sydney, and Liverpool Plains. Instead of 95 the total number of members in the new House will be 102. The first reading having been passed, the second reading is an order of the day for this evening. The servant-girl difficulty is as troublesome to heads of families as ever it was; and this notwithstanding the frequent importation of " young persons" from the old country. In point of fact, the crowds of female immigrants |>eriodically brought to our shores go but a very trifling way towards meeting the demand for good domestic servants. As a general rule, it may be said that of any given shipload which arrives out of 100 girls barely 10 are really qualified to fill in a creditable manner the posts tor the acceptance of which they demand the most lib ral wages. There is the raw material, no doubt, but in almost every case the new-comers are altogether without experience for the special work for which they are required. The reason of this is clear enough. Really qualified domestic servants have 110 occasion to emigrate at all; their services are in' too great demand at home, where it is now nearly as difficult to pick up a good housemaid, cook, or general servant, as it is in the colonies. No blame can therefore be cast upon the Immigration Department as to the selection of suitable persons to bring out to tbe colonies. The class we want are not to be had in England at all events, and 60 the best has to be made of the material Available. In the meantime tbe ladies of Australia must even put up with exorbitant demands for wages, with gross incompetence j and very often with saucine8s into the baigain. A very good idea has been suggested with regard to the establishment of a life assurance fund on the mutual principle amongst the members of the Civil Service. It is proposed in the first instance to give tho project a start in connection with the Civil Service Co-operative Sbfciety, membership to be confined to persons belonging to that society. Only a rough outline pf the scheme has yet been sketched, and it "amounts to this :—An entrance of £3 is to lie paid by-each member, the money BO paid to form a, reserve fund to be put out at interest. In, the event of any member dying there is to be a general levy, each member contributing a sum varying from 3 a. to 10s., according to the age of the contributor, the contribution being greater in the case of the' oldest, and least on the part of the youngest At |re«ent there are over 2000 members of the Civil !Jervice Co-operative Society, so that supposing half to jain, and putting the average levy at OR. per member, there would be £250 available for the widow of any member who died. The proposition is attractive from its very simplicity, and' assurance upon this principle is said to nave •worked very well in other countries. The; scheme, however, would of oourse have to be submitted to enquiry at the hands of practical actuaries before it could be put into a thoroughly safe working condition. This was recognised by those present at a preliminary meeting to discuss the matter held the other day, and while the suggestion met with approval it was revived to refer the subject for enquiry, and report to a committee appointed for tho purpose. A prosecution of a somewhat unusual character took place at the Water PolicbCourt a day or two A man named George RusselL a hairdresser living at woolloomooloo, WOB charged with stealing 80,000 cubic feet of gas, the property of ithe Australian Gaslight Company, The way in which the alleged robbery , was committed is said to have . been by the establishment of communication between the house and the main gas-pipe, in such » manner that tho gas burued in the place did not fa® through tho meter. The inspector, on visiting^ the premises, found an unauthorised pipe leading direct f rom the main to the house, aijd the assumption is of course that it was p'aced there by the prisoner witli a view to defraud the company. The quantity alleged to have been stolen is necessarily merely conjectured, 60,000 feet being fixed on as the probable quantity consumed in the house, in addition to the gas that flowed through the meter in the regulated way and was paid for, during the past eighteen months. Several witnesses deposed to the fact of prisoner having offered to settle the matter by paying for the gas. After the evidence had been taken, the prisoner was committed for trial. From one or two cases that have come under my notice, I am led to believe that a good deal of hardship is occasioned amongst the poor by the agfency of what is known as the " time payment" system. This system as your readers probablv know provides for the purchase of furniture, &cl;, % a present payment of a small deposit, and subsequent periodical instalments—weekly or fortnightly as the case may be—until the whole debt is discharged. The principle is not a new one, having been acted upon in the old country in a humbler walk of trade by the "tallyman" who used in bygone days—he may do the same now forall I know—to palm offcheap shoddy imitations of India shawls ; and gaudy dress-pieces, upon servaut girls and wives of laboring men ; calling at regular intervals for his "progress payments." Of course goods purchased in this way were always paid for nt double their worth, and it might be urged that the seller was entitled to some advance on the usual rate, in consideration of the risk be ran, and the long credit he gave. The tallyman, however, with his cent per cent, advance on ordinary retail prices, was a most conscientions and liberal trader compared with some of the time payment peoplo. If times were bard and the debtor could not come up to the mark punctually, forbearance could usually be obtained—of course for a consideration—and at any rate the gorgeous articles of costume which had been half paid for, were not whipped off the backs of the customers and confis- cated on the first default in payment of the stipulated instalments. Tbe time* payment vendors are less forbearing. They sell a chest of drawers, a table, half a dozen chairs, or a sewing machine, to be paid for by so many instalments. Like the tallyman they charge a good percentage for the credit and the risk, out unlike their British prototype, they come down after the fashion of a vulture upon the first default in the payments, and even though three parts of the whole debt be liquidated, the " sticks'' of the unfortunate debtor are swept away. Now a bargain is a bargain all tbe world over, and it may be said that a man has *io right to grumble at the exaction of a penalty to which he with his eyes open rendered himself liable. ^ But then the same thing might have been said with regard to the lending of money by pawnbrokers ami others, and it the argument Were conclusive there should have been no restrictions placed upon tbe interest charged by "my uncle," no usury laws. It seems to me that when an unlucky sempstress after paying half the price of a sewing machine, fiuds herself unable to meet the next periodical instalment, a bargain which renders her liable to forfeit all she has previously managed to scrape together towards the purchase money, .is an inequitable bargain,—an immoral contract the legality of which ought not to be recognised. The revenue returns for last quarter were published to-day in the Govemmmt Gazette. The total receipts show a large falling off compared with the March quarter of 1877, but the state of things shown is nevertheless highly satisfactory. The deficit of course is in the returns from the Lands Department, and principally in the item of auction sales; This was looked for us the yield under the auction sales heading could not possibly come up to previous returns inasmuch as the sales had been stopped for a portion of the time. In other respects the result of an examination of the figures shows the trade of the colony to be in a flourishing condition. The passage of the new Electoral Bill may now, I think, be regarded as safe; the bill is certain to pass the second reading to- nijjlit. and think no change of anv importance will be proposed in Committee. You had better look out for your second inembcr. , The Japanese man-of-war has been visited by crowds pf sightseers; it is reported that we are seen to'have another vessel in the harbor from the country of the Tycoon. drsEABE in CATTLE.—According to the Jeiilderie paper the district has not been so free from disease as was generally «upposed, Our con temporary says:—We have been informed that some of the cattle depasturing in this district arc infected with pleuro- pneumoiiia, and during the last four months several head have died from this disease, wbioli is worse in damp weather. It is imperative, if our herds are to be kept free from pleuro; that a Bill should be passed making it compulsory to inoculate, which is considered a safe preventative, and, in most cases, a cure for " pleuro." Should this disease again spread, it would soon decimate our herds, before anything could be doue to check its ravages. A gentleman in Jerilderie, who has had a large experience in stock matters, has assured us that there is not a single herd of cattle in Biverina free from this disease, and that unless measures are taken to prevent the spread of " pleuro" it will soon be most disastrous in- its consequences. We know for a fact that a mob of fat cattle were recently sold to a butcher in a town some miles south of Jerilderie, which were suffering from pleuro, so that the owner was afraid to take them over the border ; the cattle were all used for local con- ( sumption with the exception of a few head which had to be destroyed. It is a Btrange fact that the priinest and best-conditioned stock, if properly; attended to, recover. 