; SUMMARY* OF NEWS. A Fishing Company formed in Melbourne hope to commence operations shortly. The first stations will be Portland and the Gippsland lakes. A young seaman belonging to the ship Loch Maree, named McFall, fell from the foretopsail yard during the voyage from Glasgow to Mel bourne, and was drowned. A correspondent of the Sydney Herald sng gesfcs that a meeting be called of persons dis approving of Lord Beaconafield's Eastern policy, aad approving of the position taken up by Mr, Gladstone, m order to prepare and forward the latter an address. oTW^innini?ie station> South Australia, with 22, 000 sheep, has been sold at 27s 6d per head. A new club, to be called the South Austra* Iian, has been formed in Adelaide. The mem bers comprise most of the leading commercial and professional men. The total export of wheat from this colony t1878 amounts to 71,105 tons; flour, ll,olS tons. . The commencement of the railway works at Horsham was made the ? occasion of a public ceremony last Friday forenoon. ' " The weather was showery, and the attendance limited in number, but influential. Mr. Carl Rastnussen, shire conucillor, was unanimously chosen to turn the first sod, which .was* done amid loud cheers. Toasts and speeches followed. The farmers present expressed .'gratification at the prospect of sending their wheat to Melbourne next harvest by rail, saving about 9d per bushel onthe rate of carriage by dray. The contrac tors representative at the ceremonial gave an assurance that the line would be open for traffic before Christmas. : < Mrs. Scott-Siddons, before leaving1 Sydney by ? the last Caiiforniati mail, was waited upon by a deputation of ladies to request her acceptance of a farewell soutqiir from'.<soiiie of-theftoany warm friends and admirers she had gained.' The gift consisted, says the Sydiiey Morning Herald, of_a massive gold chain and locket, bearing a suitable inscription, and with the- word "Souvenir" set in a spray of diamonds. _ Bather an amusing story is going the rounds just now. In a district not far from Biillarat, a smart young man, who under the cloak of reli gion is said for a long time to liave concealed 7'fast" tendencies, was appointed agent for the sale of some large family Bibles. He did his best to combine business and pleasure, but as is inevitably the case, business suffered. Still, in answer to enquiries from head-quarters as to how be was doing, he invariably wrote tliat " the Bibles were going off rapidly," and that " more, could be disposed of." After some weeks of this, a geiitlemau from the head office come to see why the agent had forwarded no cash for the books that had "gone off" so well. I He found that the Bibles had "gone off" to dif ferent pawnshops, aud that- the agent, finding j matters assume -an aspect . threatening to him, had " gone off" too", presumably to New Guinea." -Star. The Sydney Mail offers four prizes of £25. each to be competed for by young men who have served, or are serving, under articles of appren ticeship to masters in Australia, for the best specimen of .decorative art, the best'cutting or earring in marble or stone, the best architectural model in piaster of Paris, aud the best specimen of mechanical drawing. The Ovens and Murray Advertiser re marks " We hear that the Hon. William Wilson, who has not given complete satisfaction to what is known as the Sladen party, will be opposed at the forthcoming election for the North-Eastern Province by Mr. P. Hanna, late representative of the Murray Boroughs." ; - The Warrnambool Standard 'states that both Bishop Thornton and Bishop Moorhouse are to visit Hamilton on the 18th ulfc., for the purpose of consecrating the newly-built Anglican Church there. It is expected that they will visit Warm iambool and other portions of the western I diocese before their return. { On Tuesday last the locomotives crossed the new bridge across the "Murray at Echuca fot the first time. Two heavy English engines, weighing over 45 tons each, arrived specially from Sandhurst that morning, and at 11;o'clock proceeded over the bridge coupled together. Messrs. Lunt, Edwards, and other members-of the engineering department were present at the testing. The greatest deflection by the weight of the engines was over the rh er spans, where - the-bridge was depressed h quarter of "an" inch"; 1 along the land spans the average'deflection was ! the sixteenth of an inch, but ho permanant .' lowering took place, the bridge rising immedi- I ately it was relieved of the weight: The formal I driving of the last rivet of the ironwork was ' performed by Messrs. Lunt, HalUday, and Lambert, cheers being given for the bridge and ' contractors. The bridge is expected to be I opened in a month. The test was regarded as ' being most successful, showing that the bridge ! had been faithfully constructed. The .officers of ! the department expressed a favorable opini6n of the satisfactory character of the work.- Argils. ! A telegram has been received at Echuca froni Mr. Berry stating that the Government intend inviting tenders "for the, supply of 200,000 sleepers for future use, so. as to relieve the depression in the sawmill trade. Au account is given by the M'lvor Times'oi the killing of a horse by an infuriated cow. Our contemporary says Mr. Edward Brady had the misfortune on Saturday last to lose a horse, and narrowly escape injury himself. On the day named lie went iri search of a cow he had lost, aud found it ucar the old One-Eye Bush. The caw no sooner saw him than it started off, and he gave chase, aud followed it'abont three miles, _ being unable to turn it. After «oiii" that distance the, cow suddenly turned round and came bai k full butt at him, and before he could turn out of the way, the cow drove one of its horns into the chest of his horse, which went on about.fifty yards further, and fell dead underliim." .,. ? -Another steamer for the Australian t ratio j* being built by Messrs. Mouey Wigratn & Sons, at London.. She;is to be 320ft. long, 40ft. beam, 2,500 tons burthen, and fulf 'power mncliiuuiy. All the latest, improvements will be introduced in her construction, and there is no doubt but that she will prove a valuable acquisition to their already famous licet of steamers. * . . Aii action for breach of promise of marriage (says the TFarrnambool Standard) will probably engage the attention of one of our local courts before long. Both, plaintiff and defendant are well-known residents in this district,: and the lady seeks to recover the sum of £500 as a sola tium for her disappointed hopes. A writ for that amount was served upon the reluctaut de fendant within the last few days. \ The . Victorian . Minister of Lands-received a deputation a few days ago representing a number of the pastoral tenants of the Crown in the Mallee scrub district, who invoked the assistance of the Government in the attempt to extermihate the wild dogs and rabbits, which were ruinin" the runs in that part of the colony. They pointed out that the Mallee country was very poor, and that the settlers had great difficulties to over come from the want. of water. The wild do«s were very numerous, and destroyed many sheep, but the rabbits were now invading the country aud were multiplying so rapidly that unless some stringent measures were taken without loss of time, the country would have to be abandoned. The deputation asked that legis lation on the South Australian model might be adopted, and that the pastoral tenants mi°ht be granted a fixity of tenure, without "which country of so poor a kind would scarcely be .worth holding. Mr. Longmore said that com plaints had been made to him . by selectors concerning the plague of rabbits. He was assured that so pleutjful were they that thedo°s were gorged with rabbits, and did not care to catch them, and that notwithstanding do»s were tied round the haystacks as a guard, the°rabbits rau carelessly betweeu them and attacked the farmers' produce. He-promised to obtain from the officers of the Lands department full infor mation, and to pay a visit to the district himself within about a month's time.-Argus. The Eiver Broughton overflowed its banks on July 19, submerging hundreds of acres of wheat and damaging innumerable fences. Speaking of a sample of Colac coal, the Gcc long Advertiser says :-"We have tested it by burning, and notwithstanding its unpromisiu" appearauce compared with Newcastle coal, it threw off a fine gas when thoroughly heated, aud then burnt gradually away, giving great heat and maintaining a rich red colour until it crumbled white ash. The coal is the correct thing. All that is wanted is plenty of it. We learn that the seam has already widened out from 15in. to awiimitPki1118 °! we way remark, KetS." y Trked ® tb9 EngliaU norttierq , A deputation from the Victorian Manufac turers' Association waited on the Chief Secretary for the purpose of assuring him of the support of the Association with respect to the proposed International Exhibition, and urged the desirable ness of including a live stock show in the programme. Mr. Berry said there were grave difficulties in the way of the latter, but he pointed out that the matter would rest entirely with the Exhibition Commission. It is probable that Sir George Yerdon will be appointed Chair man of the Commission. The Governor of New Zealand opened Palia ment last Friday and congratulated the country on its peaceful relations with the natives and the probable extension of the railway from Taranaki to Auckland through the King country, which had been hitherto closed. An Electoral Bill and Bills for the revision of the tariff and the al teration of the incidence of taxation were promised. A proposal to establish direct steam communication with England was indicated, and the speech marked the extension of the export trade and the large increase in the revenue. A gentleman who has recently travelled through the agricultural country between Port Wakefield and Clare informs the Northern A rgus that the. wheal crop generally is looking well, and,that the young plants on the sandy land towards the port are splendid. Should the season continue favorable the yield in that dis trict will be unusually heavy. An advertisement, says the Advertiser, for a Share Clerk for the Commercial Bank was re plied to by. a person who must have been writing from a rather confused recollection of the adver tisement, for he wrote to the Secretary applying " for the situation of shearers' cook." We have sometimes heard of Bankers fleecing people, but we never heard of their engaging a special cook fortheir-sheprers. ; : : The following resolution is to be submitted W, the j.ublic - meeting in Sydney :-£». Thatiflfis mdetirig desires to congratulate. Earl, Beacons field and,his colleagues upon the successful ter mination oftheir labors in defence of the publiclaw of Europe, and in securing the blessings of peace whilst resolutely maintaining the honor, and in terests of the British Empire." The Minister of Victorian Railways has re duced the tariff for goods 30s." per ton under the New South Wales charges, with the "view of pre serving tlie'MMbourne trade with Riverina. - At a meeting held at: the Melbourne Town Hall it was resolved to hold a Juvenile Indus . tri&l; Exhibition in Melbourne next year. '? ' ? . The Mayor of Melbourne called ia public meet ing of the citizens for Monday last to consider the proposal for a recognition of the services of Earl Beacohsfield. A concert was announce^ for yesterday even jug:, at the Melbourne Town Hall, in aid of. the Loch Ard Fun d. Air the, available 'talent were togivtftheir services. " ;: : A crowded attendance at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Friday, July 26, manifested the great interest-felt iri'the cases of smuggling being tried'there. 'Josiah:Sarakin, the steward of the Craigendarroch, who pleaded guilty on Wednes day :last' to' a charge i of . being . concerned in an act of smuggling, was fined the lowest penalty of. £25 .V'James Ramsay, the master, was next convicted of a like, offence, and fined in the heaviest penalty of £100. The steward, who gave evidence, said he handed the captain a list of the stores, but, the captain reduced it and gave the Customs officer the list/short by 45 gallons of spirits aind 60 fta" of tobacco. Quan tities of spirits were taken 'from' the lazarette and convened according to his1 statement to Mr.G. Sinclair and Mr. W. Beattie, while other orders were awaiting execution'. Two gallons were seized on- the premises' of Mr. Beattie.-Regis ter: :.r *. A child named Mary Moss has been found dead in a drain pipe, Sydney, from suffocation. The jury at the inquest on the body censured the, municipal authorities for neglect in the matter. / , The Melbourne Gas Company have declared a dividend of 8 per cent. The report was adopted. A well-attended meeting of gentlemen in Sydney interested in the breeding of sheep have passed a resolution approving of the refusal by the Government to grant £10,000 to the Agricultural Society for an International Exhi bition, and pledging the meeting in the event of the Society refusing to hold a Stock Show next year to carry out the Pastoral and Agricultural Exhibition in April, and refrain from exhibiting in August. An influential Committee has been appointed to, carry-.,aufc ihe proposalr-Ifc-i* believed that the International Exhibition, will be carried out by private enterprise, it is said that large sums have already been guaranteed. .. The Sydney Evening News describes the fol-. lowing extraordinary occurrence :-" A clever, piece of work has been accomplished in the .Lands Department, an erring officer of long Standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not coufine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour' forenoon interval. In one branch of the Lands Office a day has never passed over without com plaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid , on the lunch baskets. One gentleman was victi mised four times successively not a week ago, and the horrible presentiment came! to his mind - that the chief, of the branch was the..culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to briug the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches, next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 the chief felt disinclined to dlue, and at 2 was sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid.: Half an hour later the real symptoms were appareut, and the sympathies of the officers of tiie department increased as the tableau drew nigh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost (as he had hnd n-fearful doae), but instead of thnt. gave up the dinner. He has since: | eti-. tioned for the removal, it ig said, of the principal conspirator^ on the grouud of insubor diimtion." - : rnt' The Wellington correspondent of the Mel bourne Argus writes :- "The traffic returns on the New Zealand railways are most encouraging. There, are HOW 1,037 miles of line open, and many more in course of construction. The pro portion'; of- revenue to expenditure i3 fibont'72, per cent:, and the net profit this year will he upwards of £160,000. Hitherto our railways have not paid well, because the lines have been so many and so short. Instead of having three or four long lines we have "had a number of short ones, opening up very little territory. These short lines have beeu. obliged, to.contend 'with carts which go from station or farm to town and back in one or two days ; but as many of the lines are now considerably lengthened they pay far better. The railway profits already pay the interest of several millions of our debt, and it seems highly probable that the time is not far distant when they will pay the interest of our whole debt." Mr. Robert Smith, of O'Halloran Hill, has received a letter, which appears to have travelled from Loiidonsto Canada and thence to Mel bourne before arriving here, containing the.oews of the death of a relative in London who has left £400,000 to his next of kin. The supposed nearest relative, who was in Canada, is dead, and it was found on enquiry that other members of the family were iu Australia. A legal firm in Melbourne was therefore communicated with, and their enquiries have resulted in finding that Mr. Robert Smith is a member of the lucky family. The legacy would of right revert to Mr. Smith's mother and her Bister, both of whom are over 80 years of age. On the death of Mrs. Smith her share presumably would he divided among her children, of whom there are two be sides Mr. R. Smith.-Advertiser. Visitors to the colony {says the Advertiser) are a valuable medium for the dissemination of information regarding its resources. This is especially the case with respect to those who come here from the Continent, where very mis taken ideas exist in the ininds of, the people as to this part of the world.: Dr. T. Strealiz, the late Surgeon-Superintendent of the immigrant ship Elizabeth, who is well-known in the -Ger man scientific world as a traveller of great experience, has just completed a tour in the country districts: The object of his visit is to gain a thorough practical knowledge of the capa bilities of the colony, as it is his intention to lecture upon South Australia as a field for emi grants, on his return to Germany. We believe that, so far, his impiession of the colony is a highly favorable one. The doctor lias already rendered considerable service by writing upon the subjects of the colonization of Queensland, the New Zealaud goldfields, and the habits of tht aborigines, after a visit to the colonies some years ago. He intends to continue his inquiries in the other colonies. The writer of "London Town Talk" in th< Argus says :-"The great objects of admiratior to the native visitors of the Paris Exhibition are, it seems, Queen Victoria's diamonds, over whict I eight gendarmes keep guard both night and day On the first occasion the French ladies were so enthusiastic that the pressure broke through the glass case 'containing them, which has necessita ted a railing similar to that our Royal Academy authorities put up iii front of their sensational pictures. What I object to is that the real Koh-i-noor is there, the presence-of which, if' rumour is to be trusted, was denied to our1 own Exhibition in London. : It was always said to be only on a model in.'crystal, and that if even that admirable scheme of an underground tunnel, made to open just underneath it, and into which it should drop, had succeeded, that the ingenious but dishonest engineer would have reaped no thing for hi3 pains but a bit of glass and the ex perience that ' all is not Koh-i-noor that glit ters.' " The Victorian Government intend in a few weeks to introduce a bill to prevent the impor tation or sale of kerosene of a dangerous quality! I Kerosene is considered to be dangerous to human life when it is below the fire heat test of 110 degrees, and it is asserted that very little of the kerosene now in bond in Melbourne will stand this test. The Committee of the South Australian Total Abstinence League have sent to England an invitation to Mr. J. B. Gough, the well-known temperance lecturer, to visit this colony and place before the public his arguments against the use of strong drinks. Every reasonable induce ment has been held out by the League for the purpose of getting Mr. Gough to visit Aus tralia. The following extract from the Borne News of the 7th June shows in wlmt high esteem the jarrah timber of an adjoining colony is held in England and elsewhere :?-" The introduction of new kinds of material for manufactures into our home markets is always a slow process. Jarrah,' a valuable West Australian wood, is only just i beginning to make its way, although many years have elapsed since its high properties were dis covered. Its hardness, the great size and straightness of the trees, above all, the fact that ' neither the white ant on land or the sea-worm afloat would touch it, were fully explained by Captain (now Sir Edmund) Ducane before a Parliamentary Commission in 1863. He strongly recommended its adoption for railway sleepers in India, -and for harbor works generally. This has at length, come to pass. Jarrah has a growing reputation. It is likely ere long to dis place teak, which is not so absolutely free from the attacks of insects. This useful property in jarrah is now found on-chemical examination to result from the sulphate of copper which its tissues contain, a chemical constituent derivable ?apparently from the soil iu which the timber grows. As the deraand for this wood iB now rapidly on the.increase, it is satisfactory to know that there is an unlimited supply of it. It only remains for ,enterprising landowners in Western Australia to cut it down in sufficient quantities to meet the demand." , . .... . - ? ^-:-^ THE Gramme electric-light is extensively used in factories and large works on the Continent, as well as on board the vessels of nearly all the 'European navies, having been found of great service in discovering torpedo boats, .and in throwing light on dangerous coasts^.&c.; .The power of the light is equal to 6,000 candles, or 600 gas burners, and the cost of producing it is only 2£d au hour, without power;-and with engine-power, 4id an hour. . AN ENGLISH KNIGHT CBEMATED IN ITALY. -A correspondent of the Geneva Continent writes from Florence, 19th April, as follows . "A ceremony highly interesting to those who advocate cremation took place in Milan a few days ago. Italy has taken the lead in intro ducing cremation, and "many experiments have been made in Milan, wliere the Cremation Society has been a flourishing institution. Up to within a little more thaua year ago cremation. could not be practised in Italy without a special per mission from the Minister of the Interior, but ,.now any Prefect of the Provinces has power,to sanction it in cases'where the relatives of the deceased and the; Cremation Society jointly make a petition to dispose of the body by burn ing. Sir Henry Crokenden, who died in 1876, left instructions in hj? will that his corpse should be cremated ; but,' owing to some law technicali ties, his wishes could not be carried into effect till a few days ago, when the English Home Minister granted permission to exhume the body and dispose of it according to the testator's instructions ; and thus it came to pass that the .remains - of Sir- 'Henry Crokenden "arrivedin" Milan last Monday, under the care of a few relatives and friends of the deceased, aud were at once conveyed to the cemetery. At half-past 9 o'clock on Tuesday morning the body was quickly reduced to ashes iu the Gorini furnace. The rite was witnessed by the friends of the deceased and by various scientific Englishmen and Italians. At all events cremation is surely ! preferable to interments here in Italy, where, I in the public cemeteries, as many as four or five i bodies are frequently buried cofiSnless in the J same grave. A decent funeral in the aristocratic ' Koman Catholic Cemetery of San Miuiato costs 'at least l,000f., and there are comparatively .few families who can afford to spend so much 'money even to show a mark of respect to their deceased friends, and even, then, after paying the heavy .fees, the mode of interment leaves much to be desired. It is not in harmony with English ideas to see a corpse nailed down in a ; white deal box, which is afterwards wedged into a hole in a wall, and then bricked up, surrounded dozens of other small apertures, either filled with with, or waiting for, their occcupants." NEW EXPLOSIVES.-The pro-pect of a general European war has caused chemists to turn their attention to the manufacture of new explosives. Among the most remark able of leceDt discoveries in this direction is that of anew form of gunpowder especially designed for use in shells and toipedoes. The great advantage of the new powder i8 that the ingredients of which it is composed can be carried separately, and thwfc iso long as they remain unmixed they are quite inexplosive. The mixing of the substance when lequiied can be performed by any one with great ,rapidity, and the powder is tfficieut even wbeu the procet-s of combining is carried out in the roughest possible way. The agents employed are chlorate of potash and a sub, stance called by the inventor syiphurea, the mode of preparing which he at present keeps secret, beyond stating that it is made from one of the waste products formed in the making of coal gas, at present thrown aside at all gasworks as being absolutely useless. The new explosive is considerably cheaper than ordinary gunpowder, and from the fact that the ingredients are non-explosive unmixed, may be kept separate until they are needed* for use, it is much safer. Some very successful experiments have been made with the powder, and it is understood that the secret of the manufacturers has become the property of the British Government. Another invention in the same direction has beieix madfr by M.M. Champion and Pellet, two French chemists. Their discovery -arises out of the well-known experiment of pouring finely-powdered antimony into a jar containing chlorine gas, which rapidly com bining with the metal causes sufficient heat to make it brilliant incandesce. The in ventors attach to an ordinary torpedo a cylindrical bronze box containing a sphere of thin glass filled with chlorine gas; the bulb is surrounded by gun-cotton, with which has been mixed finely pulverized antimony. The glass globe rests upon two Bpikes, and at a little distance from it is a small hemis pherical hammer, the handle of which slides through the end of the box aud rests against a spring. When the .torpedo strikes the blow causes the hammer to drive the sphere against the two spikes, by which it is broken and the chlorine liberated. The gas imme diately raises the antimony to a red heat, the gun-cotton is inflamed, and the fire com municated by a fuse of fulminating mcrcury to the other obstructing substance contained in a charge of the explosive. 