) OUR AMTLEUR THEATRICALS AT J ) , BOOLONGI-. / Ho jests at soars loltd novorfolt a woiuid — Romeo. V One of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, bad of his j'outbfiil days, he used to declare, I was when be made his first" "and only appearance as Jan ( \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment athis ' Y own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad fi conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the f boards like the great Gar'rick and the elder Kean — hut it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his J peculiar dohut. Ou finding the Melbourne and Sydney ) managers unwilling to .give a perfect novice with blearing V red hail', and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the. . bull by the boras" and .get ii i a company of his own down I at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre,.' purchasing . wardrobe,' haying \ scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do the . thing well andrin tip- topqtyle. : He got together a kind of scratch company, many oE thcmvlike himselO, raw am- ' bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and/pne or two see ly -qutcasts; of , the. profession; ) and he looked forward to'-the pro-.iuctlou,oO his pet play, V Hamlet,"'himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unajloyed with .pleasure., /-The amateurs,' after about a mpnth's/ constant rehearsal, were pretty perEect - in their \ words bieEore the curtain went up, but after it-did niost of r, th'em forgot" therh. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost vfos ) intoxicatedv; and the King likewise ; Ojiholia, an amateur, hurst into a" nervous fit nf tears bcEore she said a dozen ( lines. ;Banbufy was roared at by the local personages who y assembled to aist at the amateur performance. But this y w'as not the worst, for Banbuiy found that when the bills ' caine in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, ) and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, t "allowed ine tohave whatever I wanted oh credit, because ' they knew that my rich' uncle in Adelaidei-a strict Method- ) ist, would pay them, . but I knew very well he would do no . siich thing when Ke foiihd, they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there was bne thing lie held in abhorrence it ) was the. theatre." . What-w<as he to ,dp7.:._ His vmcle would disinherit him,' turn him out-Of -the house ho, had furnished for him, and send him adrift on the world.. What was he ( to, do ?r, , His ;creditors would not wait and he would be a miserable' paiipef.. Biit for ali this he did; not lose his ' house, and/hik poor lincle's fortune is in the hank in his ) nam'e,' thanks;- to the. timely aid of ouQwho is a friend to the drdind as ' well as to the rest of ' the woi'ld,-\vh.o advanced ' him theuleedful. Need we say his name. No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it 'was the champion of the d 'Lstressed, _ . K - ' DAVID:;HBNRY, of 52 Collins street east," ' Who has L'pm £p..to £ 10,000 to loud on notes ul liand, bills ) of salo (witb" or witboub' security), "salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds-, bill of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise, ;qn,ex;peoted remittances, or on moneys per- \ sons may be entitled. to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convehieuce of borrowers. ) Bills discounted dailj'- at the-lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. " . 