OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Siiakespere. Theatre Royal. The extravaganza of " Conrad and Medora " is the latest produc tion at this theatre. It is an elongated version of a clever bur lesque, which has been in no way improved by the process of elongation. When a piece, originally written to be played in an nour and a quarter, is drawn out so as to last over two hours, and is cut up into three acts, it stands to reason that it will lose a great deal more than it gains by the change. In the characters of Conrad and Medora, Miss Howarde and Miss Navaro show considerable spirit, but tlieir choice of songs is scarcely satisfactory. They are well supported by the rest of the company. Two young ladies, late arrivals in Sydney, Miss Constance Deorwyn and Miss Alice Deorwyn, in the parts of Sulemarina and Serena respectively, are decidedly the successes of the piece. Though doubtless of no very long standing on the stage, they throw into their impersonations a fresh and pleas ing energy which promises well for their future career. Mrs. Scott Siddons appears, on Monday evening next, as Lady Isabel in " East Lynne." Victoria Theatre. " Still they come !" is the cry at the Victoria, and after an unpre- cedently long season — for Sydney — Mr. Creswick yet retains his popularity. His pourtrayal of the Moor was thoroughly natural and powerful, though lacking somewhat in pathos. Mr. Greswick's con ception of the character of Othello, good as it is, can hardly be reckoned among his most successful delineations. Iago was very faithfully represented by Mr. Carey, although he cannot be particu larly complimented upon his dress. It is to be regretted that so painstaking an actor should fail in proper and due attention to costume. Nevertheless, as a jolly, gay, and devil-may-care villain, and consummate hypocrite, Mr. Carey appeared to best advantage. The piece was well placed on the stage, and the remaining characters very fairly sustained. Queen's Theatre. Messrs. Baker and Farron have made their re-appearance at this theatre, and certainly cannot complain of want of patronage. Houses crammed from floor to ceiling have greeted them each evening, and their very clever performances have been received with the most enthusiastic applause. School of Arts. Thompson's Confederate Diorama has met with a considerable amount of support during the week, and is well worth seeing. Johnny Cowan, in his local songs, and Lieut. Herman, the ventriloquist, con tribute very largely to spin out a very agreeable evening's amusement. Several gifts are presented to the lucky winners each evening. Mr. Charles Wallace, who has just returned from New Zealand, appears here shortly. Masonic Hall. The celebrated pianiste, Mdlle. Alice Charbonnet, announce a second concert at the Masonic Hall for Saturday evening next. The musical public will hail with satisfaction the appearance of this very talented artiste, supported as she will be by the principal musical talent of Sydney. The Guild Hall. D'Arcy Read's ghost is increasing in popularity, and is nightly as tonishing and delighting large audiences. A change of performance is announced. » 