THE MONTH. The conference on the Reform Question — -to .which we referred last monjm as abouj; ?to take place between Mr. Berry, Sir Bryan O'-Lochlen and Professor Pearson, on behalf of the Assembly, and Sir Charles Sladen, Mr. Anderson and Dr. Hearn, as representatives ' of the Couucil — re- sulted in a complete failure, and only served to show how wide the gulf is between the two Houses. The proposi tions made in the conference were four, two from each party. In the first place, the delegates from the CounciJ, stating that deadlocks arose only from tho ?rejection of the Appropriation Bill, proposed that, in the event of tho inclusion in that bill of any item to which they objected, it should be struck out ; and, if the Assembly still re quired its retention, that it should bo referred to two governors of neighboring colonies, with power to appoint an umpire, and that the final decision as to, whether the item was an appropriate one to include in the Appro priation Bill or not should be given by this ' tribunal. Tho second scheme of the Coun cil was one that, in the event of a similar dispute, provided for the dissolution of both Houses, with such restrictions a§ rendered the Council very se ... cure, by making .their dissolution in many cases merely a partial one. Both of these proposals the delegates of the Assembly un hesitatingly rejected, and there can be no c|pubt but that in so doing they obeyed the wishes of their party and the majority of the community. The first project would make our self -government a farce, and there is not the slightest guarantee that the second wou|d even solve a single difficulty. On many questions the class interests of tho electors of the Council would cause them to return the same members again and again, while if the popular party had every vote in ^he Lower Htiuse they would be unable to carry their measure. On the other hand the delegates from the Assembly submitted the proposition that the Appropriation Bill should be safe from alteration or rejection, and that there should be some finality to leg islation, and expressed themselves indiffer ent to the meftns chosen providing these ? two principles were carried. Upon the rejec tion of this proposition by the members of the Council, the delegates of the Assembly pro posed that each House should frame a short bill, and that the two should be put to the country together, the ohoice of the majority to be, final. This, too, was refused, and the conference then broke up, without having accomplished anything. ? The' next question was, 'What is to be donq now ?' and, in the period of suspenso which followed, rumors of the wildest' cha . raoter obtained currency. It soon became known that, considering they had exhausted every means within the colony, the Ministry bad deoided to appeal to the Home Govern ment. Then, in regard to the. personnel oi the embassy, conjectures and disputes were plentiful. Finally it waB announced, as if authoritatively, that it was to consist of the Premier, Mr. Berry; the Speaker, Sir C. G. Duffy ; and Professor Pearson. This report, and the publication of a letter from Sir C. G. Duffy to Mr. Berry, in reference to 'the situation, together with supposed revelations of what had taken place at the caucus of Ministerial ists iield to oonsider the question, provoked a storm. The journals of the Opposition poured forth the most vehement torrents of abuse against Sir O. G. Duffy, whom they declared to be the secrot head of the Liberal party, and assailed the other gentlemen named with the utmost virulence. At the next meeting of Parliament the Speaker nt once made an explanation, of his personal re lation to the whole affair. He pharged tho Opposition press with first inventing facts and then commenting upon them as gospel truth; ho affirmed that hie had only acted as bis oflioo obi iced him, and in no sense as a partisan; ho : liad already declined to join the embassy, And ho wonld again state publicly that he had not*- tho remotest intention of going to England. Next a shameful attack was made upon Profpasor Pearson, who replied in, a dignified, planner, and without noticing 'the coarseness of hia assailants. Mr. Borry then declared 'that no final arrangement had been made for any gentlemen to go, and de clined to state who would bo nomi nated. On the vote of £5000, therefore, for the expenses of the delegates, the -jues- ' tion was debated without reference to in dividuals except such irregular romarks as the ungentlcmanly mombors of the Opposi tion insisted upon introducing. JVIr, Munro moved an amendment that the powers of the ambassadors should be strictly defined, in stead of being left unsettled. E£e obtained the support of the Opposition and of the Ministerial corner, but was' boaten by thir teen vojjoa on 9 division. T(ie vote itself was then carried by a majority of twenty-four, so that the embassy is now decided on. There is a general feeling that Mr. Borry and Pro fessor Pearson should go without a third de legate, as both these gentlemen enjoy the Complete confidence of the Assembly. It is uncertain as yefc whether anyone else will bo chosen. To allow tho embassy to a^ort at once, the session is being hurried to a close, and a great number . of measures have been sacrificed to the urgency of the situation. In Mr. Berry's ab sence Sir Bryan O'Loghlen will act as leader, but until his return no stops arc to be taken to fill up the vacancies in the Cabinet, and any redistribution of offices will bo post poned until the same time. Although the time of the House has there fore been very limited, the most shameless stonewalling has been indulged in by mem bers of the Opposition oornor, whose motives are of tho meanest order, and whose conduct is not only unparliamentary but unmanly. It is proposed to introduce next soaaion some bill which shall puuisk tb.030 who talk against time, and obstruct the public busi ness for private antipathies, and to satisfy their personal spleen. Mr. Berry desired that the House should sit every day for a week or so, but members are unwilling, and it is unlikely that his wish will be assented to. With regard to tho disputed teachers' salaries, a compromise has been effected, and male teachers receiving less than £300 a year, and female teachers less than £200 per an num, will not be reduced as those receiving more have been. Sir John O'Shanassy'e bill to allow a separate grant to Roman Catholic schools is to be considered after all, though there is not the slightest prospect of its being carried. The bill to amend the 'law relating to n^toated children, and the Supremo Court Jadfoture Bill, -have been passed by the As sembly. The bill for the suppression of the rabbit nuisance has been greatly altered by the Council, and an Outlawry Bill and the Exhibition, Bill have been passed jby both Houses. As a counterpoise to the em bassy, the Council have appointed a com mittee who are composing a lengthydocument setting forth their position in their contests with the Assembly, which they purposo to forward to England. Outside of Parliament the one absorbing interest has been the racing carnival, which lasted four days, and was on the whole a great success. The weather was oloudy and cool, inclining to squally, but still fine. The attendances at the Cup and the Derby were larger thftn ever before. In both the favorites were beaten, but while the bookmakers were very successful on tho . Derby, they w.ere hard hit over the Cup and several subsequent races. The display of costumes by the ladies was, as usual, of the most brilliant and costly cha racter. Nearly IQQ, pOO peop}q were present at the Cup, and the meeting testified in a way most conclusively to the prosperity of tho colony. The Derby fell to Wellington, and the Cup to Calamia, after a very close race. The Cup favorite, Melita, af|er wards redeemed her reputation by winning tho Oaks ; and His Lordship, the Derby favorite, followed suit with the Mares' Pro duoej Stakes. During the race week Mel bour.no was thronged with crowds of visitors from, the neighboring colonies and the country, and the whole city gave itself up to enjoyment in a way that goes to prove that its populace are light-hearted, and take their pleasure with zest, although the Opposition are trying hard to make them boliovo that thoy are being ruined, with great rapidity. After the race carnival the murder of the police has been the topic of most universal interest. It will be remembered that a party of four troopers were out in search of a notorious criminal named Kelly, who, though quite a young man, has been already implicated in many villanous transactions, and belongs to a family which, with its con- nections, is given to cattle-stealing and other nefarious pursuits. While the police were in camp, Kelly, his brother and two other men surprised them, killing three of the police. When the survivor brought the intelligence to Mansfield, the nearest town, the utmost alarm was felt, and the whole colony was roused from end to end. All the available police were despatched to the district, and bodies of residents in the locality joined them in scouring the bush. The police and the volunteers for service were, however, badly armed, and in the state of terror that prevailed no reliable in- formation could be obtained, so that al- though the search has now been prolonged for several weeks, nothing certain is known of the whereabouts of the murderers. It seems that there are a number of families united by marriage and malpractices, who possess almost the strength of an organised settlement, who have long been maintaining themselves by dishonest means; and it is be- lieved that these are still rendering aid to the Kelly gang, supplying them with information and provisions. There is some hope that if this is the case the villains will be betrayed, because not only is there a reward of £500 for each of them, dead or alive, but the new Outlawry Act makes anyone assisting them liable to fifteen years' imprisonment. In accordance with the requirements of this act the gang have been invited by advertisement in the pub- lic papers to give themselves up for trial. As the time in which they could have sur- rendered has expired, they are now outlaws, and may be shot without challenge or warn- ing. The honor of our police force is at stake, and it is to be hoped for the sake of peace in the future that the murderers will soon be brought to justice and receive the penalty of their crimes. . Sir George Bowen's term of office is now drawing to a olose, and he will leave for Mauritius in a few months. There are. several indications that his popularity is extending once more to the classes' who were for some time misled by the persistent slan ders of the Opposition press. ' He has been enthusiastically received on seveiai. occa sions, and what may be regarded aa his fare well speeoh, made at the annual civic ban: quot to a large gathering of influential citizens, was recpived with, great applause. His statement that he left Victoria 'without the consciousness of any enmity wilfully pro voked or of any dutywUfuHy neglected,' was greatly cheered; and in spito of the feeble malice of the extreme obstructives, who, as they are compelled to admit his im partiality, assert that it was weak of him to be neutral, and that ho ought to have ac tively taken their side, he will leave the colony respected by almost the entire com munity for his conduct during a oriais of unparalleled severity. Another instance of prinoely generosity has been made public Mr. Ormond, a gentle man residing at - Tporak, has promised to give £10,000 towards the ereotion of a Pres byterian college in connection with the Mel bourne University if an equal amount con be raised by the end of the ypar, and as £6000 is already in the possession of the com mittee there is very' little doubt; but that this very desirable ' addition to bur eduoa tional institutions' will be obtained. As it is proposed that its principal should be a lec- turer upon mental and moral philosophy, for which -we have at present no chair in the University, its establishment will be a boon to the whole colony as well as to the Presbyterian Church. Tho detective force of yictoria hayo re? cently proved their ability in a very, difficult case. It is now about fourteen months? since 5000 sovereigns were missed) from, the mail steamer at Qalle. In sptye of; the most searching inquiries .nothing ' could ' be. di.B covered ; but suspecting ' a man named Martin Wiberg, Inspector Seqre|an and JRe tective Mackay ke.pt him- in view. After a time ho disappeared, having adopted the bold expedient of passing through the Heads in an open boat. Ho sailed up' the Tarwin River in Gipps^and, on the banks' of which he had taken up a selection. Here J10 was seized, and as his evidenae criminates an officer of the mail steamer' from which the gold was taken, a deteptive has been dos patohed to Europe to arrest him. Somo hun dreds of the sovereigns have been already recovered, and it is hoped that a good many more will be. forthcoming. , Statistics of the voting at the last three general elections, furbishes a crushing refuta tion of the obstructives' assertion that last year the Liberal party triumphed through tho lack of intprejt'of £h.o doctors. In 1S74, when a Conservative Ministry was in power, thero wero less votes than in 1371 ; but in 1877 thoro wero 30,000 moro, nor wore thoso' obtained from tbo working olasses only, for there was an, increase in every class — an norease aa marked among professional men, merchants and bankers as among artisans and tradespeople. No less than 10,000 farmers who did not vote In 1874 came to the poll in 1877 to return Liberal members. The publication of these rpturns theroforo proyes beyond doubt how ' thoroughly the present Assembly, with its immense Liberal majority, represents the country. The South Australians are so provoked by finding themselves only considered- as one colony, instead of as more than all the rest put together, that since they are threatened with two days' delay in the delivery of their letters, which can only be avoided by delay, ing all the other colonies two days, they have called for tenders for a special mail service, which they hope may compete with ours, for the postal traffic of Australia. As, how ever, their service is only to cost £40,000 a-year, and we expect to pay £80,000, and as our route is shorter, and the speed ob tained will probably be greater, their chances of injuring anyone but themselves are very small. Tho ch'ief case in the law courts has been the unusual charge of embracery in tamper ing with jurymen made against David Henry, a well-known money-lender and two of his friends. The evidence was most direot that inducements were offered to the jurymen to give a verdiot for Henry as defendant in a certain case, and of his personal endeavors to bribe those iinpannelled^. He and one of his friends named Ireland has been found guilty ; Henry has been sentenced to four years' imprisonment and a fine of £500, while hia subordinate, Ireland, is sen tenced to two years' imprisonment and a fine of £50. At the opening of the trial Henry challenged ten of the jurors called, and his two associates fifteen and six teen respectively. The Crown also ordered nine of the jurors to stand aside. Great interest was taken in the proceedings, as it is rightly felt that tampering with jurymen means the utter defeat of justice. The Viotorian race carnival, which fell within the present month, has had the effect of stimulating the managers of the various theatres to produce variety, if not novelty. At the Theatre Royal Mr. Wybert Reeve was most favorably received as Captain Wroggo in No Name, giving an artistic im personation of the author's conception of the rascal who is not ashamed to own to his rascality. The -part of Magdalene Vanstone. was fairly played by Miss Navaro, but those of Noel Vanstone, Miss Garth and Mrs. Wragge were anything but the original. The piece was well put upon the stage, the marine view of Aldborough being a charming scene, painted by Mr. John Hennings. Mr. Reeve also appeared as Plumper in Cool as a Cucumber, and his impersonation was full of vivacity and humor. Mr. Rignold has played a farewell engagement. He sustainqd the character of Henry V. in the play of the same name with all his former success, the piece being mounted with the same elaborate detail as it was in its first representation. For his benefit Mr. Kignold appeared as Colonel Chalice in Alone,' and as William in Blaok-eyed Eta?.0.?, -As £t|e irritable blind Colonel ho played with good effect, the emotional soenes being papepially good'. As William he gave an excellent representation of the rougfy and ready, warm-heated and jolly British tar. His acting was natural in the extreme, and the words spoken by him appeared to come from the heart. Mr. Sam Emery has made his ($ebut before a Viotorian audience, ap learjng as Dan'l Peggotty in Little Em'ly. The adaptation of David Copperfiel'i cannot, aV a whole, be called a good one. It lacks oonijinui^y . of notion, being, in fact,' a series of disjointed opis6d.es. Xb Dan'l Peggotty Mr, Emery has made a hit. He looked the part to perfection, and dovelopes such dramatic and emotional power as readily obtains the sympathy of his audience. The character of Mioawber, though made amusing by Mr. Grevilje, is a libel upon the creation of Dickens ; while the actor to whom Uriah Heap was ontrusted, in his anxiety to be effective, fell into the error of overdoing the part. The other characters were fairly represented,. The scenery painted for the pie'eo is in l$r. Hennings's best style. At the Prince of'Y^ajes Opera House. Mr. Wiljiam Creswiqk has been going through a round of his favorite characters. He 'has given an intelligent and careful rendering of Macbeth, depicting him as a man hurried on to his deBtiny by a. supernatural power against which it was impossible to contend. As Master Walter, in tho Hunchback, Mr. Creswick made a most favorable im. )reBBion. . UMias Helon|^[Ashton -played Julia better than any other oharaoter she has assuinod here. - Mr. Greswiok's Virginias was artistioally vigorous. His Wolsey is dignified, and his Richelieu is marked by excellence. As Falstaff, he fails in bringing out the fall humor of the burly knight. Mr. Greswick's Sir Giles Overreach is marked by energy, and, in the later scenes, baffled, passion is expressed with foroible emphasis. His Ingomar Is a good specimen of legitimate melo-dramntio noting. At the Academy of Musio an adaptation of Oliver Twist has been given, called Nancy Sykee, and which has enjoyed a lengthened run in London, The drama deals with circumstantial details of degraded crime, and the adapter has sought to heighten the effects by the intro duotion of horrible realisms. Nancy Sykes is seen crawling about the stage deluged in blood, shrieking for mercy at the hands of her murderer ; and Bill Sykes is shown hang ing by the neok from a rope fastened to a chimney, and by means of which he ex pected to escape. Mr. Dorsay Ogden as Bill Sykes waa brutally coarse, sulkily vindictive and cruelly relentless, and is therefore a success. As Nancy Sykes Miss Beatrice displayed dramatio power and pathos. It is only to be regretted that these two artists should have wasted their skill upon such a production. The Artful Dodger was well played by Mr. H. Power, but Mr. Frome, an actor recently arrived from Lon don, was exceedingly weak as Fagin. A sensation piece called Honor before Wealth, adapted from the Frenoh, has been produced. The plot is uninteresting and the dialogue is weak, and bears evidenoe of being spoiled in translation. Mr. Ogden gayeagood representa tion of the Marquis de Chatnpery, a nobleman in reduced circumstances. He has also ap peared as Badger in the Streets of New York, a part in which he appears to ad vantage. Mavis j Blanche, or Never For gotten ; That Mother-in-law of Mine and Our American . Boys and Girls have been repeated, in which the prinoipal characters were skilfully assumed by Mr. Ogden and Miss Beatrice. The Two Men of Sandy Bar, by Bret Harte, the piece, in whioh Mr.. Ogden first made ~hia appearance in Melbourne, has also been repeated. Mr. Ogden played the difficult part of Sandy Morton in a manner that redounds to his credit as an aotor. Through* out he was the vagabond, with a constant craving for strong drink, but nevertheless is never coarse nor vulgar, and made it apparent that, under the rough exterior there beat a heart open to the influences of honest love. Mr. T. J. Herndon made a capital Golonel Starbottle, and the other characters were fairly delineated. An adaptation of Charles Dickcns's Crioket on the Hearth has been given under the name of Dot, and was well received. During the month at this theatre, Mr. Montague Scott, au artist from Sydney, has been exhibiting his skill as a lightning draughts, man. With a piece of ohalk in a few seconds he produced excellent likenesses^ historical personages and local celebrities. At the Princess's Theatre Mr. Morton Tavares has appeared as Richelieu, and he 'gave a welU balanced impersonation of the cardinal. Mrs. Tavares made a charming Julie. Under the name of the Flying Buok Bouci cault's Hying Scud has been produced. The change of name . is meant to throw difficulty in the 'way of Mr. Bouoicault's agent getting the fee for its production. Much dissatisfaction exists hero with regard to the terms whioh the agent of the Dramatic Authors' Association and of Bouoicault (one and the same person) demands from theatrical managers for the right to play tho pieces under his control. The' playing of tho Flying Scud without his - sanction and with out tho management paying fees is meant to bring the matter to an ? issue, and to- give the agent the opportunity of testing the legality of the position taken up by him in a court of law. Fleeced, or tho Vultures of the Wombat Ranges, a sensation piece founded on the. recent murders by bushrangers, has been produced at this theatre. A complimentary benefit conoert in the Town Hall' was given, during tho month to. MissRoaina Qarandini, and musioally and financially was a suooess. Two moonlight oonoerts hayo boon given upon the Mel bourne crioket ground under the direc tion of Mr. Julius Hoiz. The ground was illuminated by tho electric light, and a pretty effpot was obtained by tho rofleqtion . of prismatic oplora '' upon the jets of water forming a large fountain. The United States Minstrels have occupied St.. GoorgeV Hall, and D'Aroy Read's Ghost the Athenaeum Hall. During the month the uBual promenade conoerts, organ re citals and Liedortafel entertainments have taken plaoe. - - The mail steamer Siam, with the European mails via Suez to the 27th of September, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Monday, -4th November, when the mails were quickly . transhipped and conveyed on shore, those for Melbourne reaching the General Post Offioe by two o'clock, and those for Sydney being . despatched overland via Wodonga l-y the ordinary .train whioh left Spenoer street at three p.m. As usual the mails have been delivered before contraot time, and on this occasion rather over eight days earlier. The steamships Hankow and Cuzoo havo arrived from London after most exoollent passages. The Hankow, on arrival at Ade laide on Friday, the 1st Nov., was placed in quarantine, when her passengers for Adelaide were transferred to the quarantine hulk, and no communication was allowed between the shore and the ship. This was in consequence of a case of small-pox having exhibited itself in one of the steerage pas sengers, but he had then been convalescent for over a fortnight, and as the law requires twenty-one days before pratique can be granted no cargo was allowed to be landed. The disease was fortunately discovered the day after the vessel left Plymouth, when every precaution was used by isolating the invalid and his attendant from the other passenger's and crew, and as it was only of a modified type the man was declared conva lescent oh the 15th of October. The agreement entered into by the Trea surer with the representatives of the con tracting banks may be regarded as highly satisfactory. The proceeds of the loan when floated are to be deposited with the contraot ing banks, bearing interest at the rate of 4 per cent, per annum, and to be with drawn only for the purposes set forth in the Loan Aot. The existing agreement between' the Government and the banks with respeot to the public account remains as before. The . Treasurer also is empowered to draw against ' the* remitted debentures by each monthly mail to the extent in the aggregate of about £500,000 within the next six months. In tho present state of the money market, how ever, the Treasurer is disposed to keep down liabilities pending the actual floating of the loan in London. Not the least important of the duties devolving upon the Chief Secretary, if the contemplated mission to England is carried out, will be in connection with this subjeot. The Government have at length revoked the Order-in-Counoil by which the importa tion of cattle and sheep into the colony from foreign stations was absolutely prohibited. The necessity for doing so has been re peatedly' urged, and as the New South Wales Government had resolved to per mit importation from Great Britain, Ireland, Canada and' the United States of America, it beoame neoessary that the Order-in-Counoil of 21st February, 1878, should be revoked to at least the -same extent. This was done on the Gth Nov., and the usual notification made in a Government Gazette supplement. Appended to the revocation are regulations under whioh the importation of stock from the countries named will be permitted for the future. ' Practically they are the samo as ^hose promulgated ? in New South Wales, and are to the following effect :— The im porter must obtain a permit from an in spector of stock, sixty days' previous notice of intention to import having been given. Tho stook must not have been in contact with othor stock within sixty days before em barkation, and the exporter shall furnish a certificate that all the requirements have been complied with beforo they were embarked. Other precations are to be taken for preventing infection on board. On arrival here imme diato information is to be given to the inspec tor of stock, and the cattle or sheep will have to bo quarantined for ninety days after landing. Directions are given as to the dis posal of the fodder and fittings, and also of any stook required for uso on board tho ship. It is also provided that all steak found to bo infected on arrival shall bo destroyed. The ex-mayor, Mr. Pigdon, has received from the honorary treasurer of tho Pearoo Testimonial Fund in Sydnoy £475 12s. Cd., which, with the local subscriptions, is to bo invested for Mr. Poarco's boncfit. The tenth ordinary general meeting of the shareholders of the Australian and European Bank was held at the Banking-house, Col lins-street west, on 4th Nov. ' Mr. C. W. Umphelby occupied tho chair. The chair man, in moving the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, congratulated tho share holders on the satisfactory increase in the business of tho bank during the past half year, whioh had enabled tho directors to de clare a dividend at the rato of 8 per cent, per annum. He pointed out that a reserve fund could not be made until the balanbe to the credit of profit and loss exceeded £20,000. Tho balanoo was now £12,000, and the directors earnestly desired to bo inorease the undivided profits as to authoriso the formation of n reserve fund, a result whioh they anticipated would be materially assisted by the sale of 40,000 shares jet un subscribed. The motion was carried unani mously. The eighteenth annual competition nndor the auspices of the Viotorian Rifle Associa tion, was held at the new Victoria Ranges, Williamstown, on the 7th, Sthand 9th inst., and passed off successfully. The shoot ing was of a very high order, completely putting last year into the background; and in the case of the Representatives Match the winning score exceeded by one point that ob tained at tho last Wimbledon meeting. The Chief Secretary has received from the Inspector-General of Penal Establishments a report containing a scheme for' the distribu tion of the prisoners in the Melbourne ' Gaol amongst the up- country prisons. It is pro posed to re-arrange the Melbourne estab lishment, the number of persons con fined there being reduced to about 200 females and an average of about sixty males/ the latter consisting of men awaiting trial, men detained in default of bail, and men only sentenced to a few hours' incarcera tion. The females, however, can bo re moved to the reformatory department at Pentridge as soon as the children are re moved, and the men will probably soon be provided for in the oity. A re-distribution of officers would also be necessitated by the ohange, and this would result in a saying of £1500 a year in salaries, but the value of the labor at present done in the gaol, amounting to £3000 or £4000 per annum, would be lost to the revenue. The Pharmaceutical Society of Viotoria held their annual conversazione in the Royal Sooiety's Hall on 13th inst. There was a numerous attendance. The proceedings were opened by' an address from the president, Mr. C. R. Blaokett, in which he spoke cheer ingly of the present working of the Pharmacy Aot, and encouragingly to those who were at present working under its auspices. Papers were then read by the following gentlemen : — Mr. R. L. J. Ellory, on Light and Color ; Mr. Geo. Foord, on the Combustion of the Diamond ; Mr. Sydney Gibbons, on the Microscope and Sciopticon ; Mr. C. R.' Blaokett, on Carbonic Acid Gas ; and Dr. Day, of Geelong, on Poroxide of Hydro gen. A brilliant display of Geissler tubes was shown in the library, together with several very handsome spectroscopes. In the upper hall, microphones, tele phones, - phonographs, : with 'other objects of scientific interest, were prepared for the amusement and instruction of visitors. The Hughes Typo Printing Telegraph, was ? also exhibited. This instrument prints its telegrams at both sending and reoeiviDg ends of the wire in clear, bold Roman characters. The mechanical arrangements are both in genious and effective, eaoh instrument having a type- wheel revolving at the same rate of speed, and a paper strip whioh is pressed against the type-wheel when the sending operator to«ohes the key correspond ing to the letters of the alphabet which he wishes to transmit. In this way great acou raoy and celerity is attained in the despatoh of messages. This instrument was greatly admired. Archbishop Goold laid the foundation stone of the New Sanot'uary of St. Francis's Roman Catholic Church in the presence of a large eaongregation at the eloven o'clock mass on Sunday, 3rd November. ' Haydn's No. 3 (Imperial) Mass was done jus tice to. Miss Rosina Carandini and Mrs. Cutter sang . the offertoire from Stabat Mater, Quisost Homo, and as a voluntary Mr. Charles Sykes, the organist, performed Fixed in His everlasting seat (Samson). The Archbishop performed the ceremony of laying the stone, and in doing so remarked that the present buildings were inadequate for the requirements of the congregation, and the addition had been decided upon to meet these wants. He then laid the stone of tho sanctuary, which has been designed by Messrs. Reed and Barnes. It will be in the Roman-Corinthian stylo of architecture, and its depth will be thirty-five feet. A handsome and costly altar of colored marble will be plaoed in the new building, whioh will be completed in about two months. O'Farroll, formerly of the Lands depart ment, who was sentenced to a number of years' imprisonment, was released from the Pentridge Stockade on the Gth inst., oh tho advice of the medical officer, who considered he was in a dying state. He has served four years of his sentence, and during that time behaved himself in a very orderly manner. 