CORNISH MINERS To the Editor of the Examiner. Pray let me flap this bug with silken wings ; This guily pampered thing that stinks and stings. SIB,—I know not whether the following matter may be deemed an unreasonable retort to the gentleman writing from Ringarooma and styliug himself (ghost of errors spare the mark) " Mining Manager ;" if so, you will kindly pardon the seeming intrusion on the grounds of my obscure location and literary inexperience. I did think, when first wading through his ill-begotten epistle, that it was beneath the notice of any truthseekipg, thoughtful mind ; but as there are certain tangible facts before the world of a tendency proving the falsity of his charges and the utter fallaciousness of his milling pretensions, I think I am somewhat justified in giving the same a more special prominence, at the same time re- membering that we are living in an age in which bounce and slander fail to sustain a place in the fair province of honest criticism and sound argument, and that, therefore, his frothy outburst will win but scant attention from those who, through their mental attainments, social position, and general knowledge of the world, are justly constituted "leaders and framers of public opinion." I shall pay but little attention to the former and greater portion of this letter, in which, indeed, there is nothing to note, but keep my attention chiefly to those matters in which he displays a woeful ignorance when attempting to slander and teach, particularly where he compares the two processes and the amounts of labor necessary in the extraction of gold and metallic tin from their respective native surroundings ; in which the crowning gleam of his folly is more clearly seen in using such deductions therefrom as evidence to prove that our mines here are worked as systematically and as cheaply as are those of Cornwall. This he does, it seems, principally because he has heard that somewhere in Victoria certain pipeclay and sandstone hillsaud mullock banks have been worked, whose yields per ton ranged from 8s to 12s worth of gold ; adding, as a clincher, that, " considering the complicated and troublesome process of extracting gold from the matrix, there are yet hopes for the tin lodes of Tasmania." Men and angels, one may justly exclaim, what lias the working of a mullock bank which a child might dig out with a spoonhatidle, and which water alone might pulverize and fritter away, and from which through one of the simplest and most inexpensive processes known the gold has been extracted, got to do with the working of tin mines— mines whose depths range from 1500 to 2000 feet ; whose lodes are for the most part composed and surrounded by some of the hardest and most difficult strata yet found ; whoso machinery and mechanical appliances, and whole process of ore dressing and refining form one of the most laborious, complex, and critical yet brought into action—BO much so that I question muchif there are many in this island, save a few Cornishmen, capable of successfully applying it :—certainly not " Mining Manager " nor any of his assistants, unless indeed he has received a few special lessons from one of the class he has so recently so much abused, a fact very likely to have taken place, and which led perhaps in no small sense in placing him in his"present boastful and lordly position. In Victoria there was a time when the services of a practical miner were more highly estimated than those of an academician. At such a time Cousin Jack was considered à very important member of the community, whose opinions and mode of mining operations were most keenly watched and imitated by those who knew little or nothing of mining ; and when the deeper sinking and quartz mines called for a superior class of workmen and mining managers he was generally appointed to the management of nearly all the difficult undertakings and matters of trust. So that I think we can with some considerable show of reason impute to him the honor of having taught our colonials the first aud chief rudiments of the art of mining. I know this assertion will prove very distasteful to "Mining Manager," and a few jealous narrow minded upstarts ; but it is true nevertheless, and will fairly challenge honest criticism. And now to show that the class is not altogether bad, and that its members make far superior colonists than do our Chinamen, I may say that thousands of these miners have put aside their mining implements, and have gone forth into the wilds of our lands, and have there with their own honest industry built for themselves permanent, prosperous homes. And there is often one very pleasing and convincing feature in connection with their presence, that you are almost sure to see rising in their midst a building, it may be a very unpretentious one, but still a house, clearly denoting that they are not unmindful of these higher duties that speak a reverence for divine truths. This, surely, in a wild and free country, would tend to raise them above the poor heathen Chinee, even after allowing a wide margin for hypocrites and scapegraces, who abound in every community. If the class is constituted of such sluggards, slaves, and thieves, as "Mining Manager" says, why is it that its members so seldom figure in our police courts and criminal lists ? Considering how numerously they are scattered abroad, 'tis a rare occurrence to see one figuring thus. Consequently, in charging the whole class, "Mining Manager" lias maliciously lied, or there lias _ been a wide and painful miscarriage of justice in these colonies, and the devil has taken, as in " Mining Manager's "" own case, a very special care of his own. And is it not strange that a class so proscribed should retain such an universal acceptance as miners everywhere ! Whether we go into Chili, Bolivia, Peru, Brazil, Mexico, and in nearly every state of America and nation of Europe we find its members engaged in mining, not only as common miners receiving the ordinary rate of wages, but in most instances the highest remuneration current. This position they have held for many generations, and I have not the least doubt but that they will hold it for many generations to come. Let it not be inferred that I consider him the beau ideal of a man. I Bpeak of him as a workman, aminer. There are many shades in his character I dislike, and, considering his many leisure hours and advantages, is not the man he oughtto be. For many generations there lias been among the class too marked a commonage —or I should say, a rather meagered intellectual equality, which may be attributed to his too early mining associations and lack of intercourse with any other class but his own, which has been productive of a similar cast of thought, manner, habit, and purpose, and perhaps in no , small sense creative and suggestive of the common appellative "Cousin Jack." But we are happy in saying that the miner of to-day is not the miner in any sense of 30 years ago. There are men coming forth from their ranks to win honor and fame in the highest walks and purposes of life, so that when a man whose own hands, perhaps, are not clean comes forward and accuses a whole class of vileness through his having mixed with a few of the vile, that man's word should be questioned in such a manner as to bring him personally before the public and there branded with his own stigma. Apologising for trespassing so largely on your valuable space, Mr Editor, I am, etc., MINING MANAGER. Thomas Plain, Oct. 8. [This letter has been held over on ac- count of its great length.— ED. L.E.] 