Intercolonial News. The latest items of Intercolonial News will be found in our Telegraphic Classification. Our Sydney Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] May 26. THE Governor's Speech in proroguing Parliament last Tuesday had at least one merit—it was short It could not, however, well be otherwise. Ministers had really so little to say that even what they did prepare for vice-regal deli verance savored a good deal of "padding." They make the Governor say that a good result has been achieved by the passing of the Estimates of expenditure for the year much earlier than has been customary in former years. Considering that the Estimates were passed nearly five months later than they should have been, in a normal state of things, there is not much cause for rejoicing in this respect; but then we have long since been taught to be thankful for small mercies. As for the legislation of the session, Ministers are aompelled to confess that it does not demand special notice, fhey must have been hard run for something to fill up the Speech with when they had to fall back on matters only remotely connected with politics or the work of the session—as the cable conference, for instance, and the drought, to each of which subjects they have devoted a special paragraph. From the third paragraph in the Speech the inference is plain that an amend ing Electoral Bill will be submitted next session, for we are told that the necessity for an early amendment of the law is enhanced, and that whUe existing inequalities continue "it may be doubted whether some of the grave questions of public policy now demanding early settlement can be finally and satisfactorily disposed of." The Parliament is prorogued till July 2 ; but the Premier, in answer to a question asked on the prorogation day, intimated that if Great Britain became involved in war, and there was any necessity for so doing, Parliament would be convened as soon as possible. The hon. gentle man, however, seemed to attach no importance to the matter, rightly considering that the proba bilities of a rupture between England and Russia are now rather remote. Notwithstanding the fate of the last Electoral Bill, the Minister for Lands, on the prorogation day, redeemed the promise he had previously made by tabling his draft Land Bill, in order that during the recess hon. members and the country might have the opportunity of becoming acquainted with its provisions. It is a com prehensive measure, being divided into eight parts, and containing 128 clauses. Moreover, it is intended to consolidate the law, and that is what is wanted as muoh as anything. At pre sent the land law of New South Wales is com prised within no less than four statutes. The Assembly last week, by a large majority, S (proved of plans for the extension of the Great orthern Railway line from Tamworth to Ten terfield. This makes another Unk in the chain that is at no very distant date to connect New South Wales and Queensland by the iron horse. In this manner the present Government has acted with decision and promptitude. They have done what their precedessors only dallied with. There was a fierce battle waged between the people of Armidale and the people of Inverell as to the route the line should take. The Go vernment adopted the route recommended by their officers, which is shown to be the shortest and the most easily constructed ; and which will go through the richest country. The line will go five miles west of Armidale, and will run along the top of the Dividing Range, at a distance of about a hundred miles from the sea coast One of the most weighty objections to the Armidale route was that it was too easterly, and would not tap the interior districts, as the Inverell route would. There is some consolation, however, for the Inverell people, in the assurance given by the Minister for Works the other day to a depu tation, and repeated in the Assembly, that the Government were favorable to the construction of a line to connect the Clarence with the New England districts. This line will have to cross the Northern line to get to Inverell. It will have this recommendation, that it will connect districts whose climates are vastly different—the one cold, the other semi-tropical; and they are situated at no great distance from each other. The Southern line is being slowly pushed on. In a few weeks it will be opened to Junee. The Minister for Works and the Com missioner for Railways paid an official visit to the south a little while ago, and found things in a tolerably satisfactory state, as regards the working of the lines. Still, the contractors are making very slow progress with the construction of the main trunk lines, and the Government v rigorously enforcing the penalties, which amount to £400 a week—£2oo a week each upon the northern and southern contractors. These fines have been enforced since the beginning of September last. The amount represents the interest on the money invested in the construction of the lines ; but there is the indirect loss to the country besides, which cannot well be calculated. The past few weeks have been fruitful of deeds of violence and appalling accidents. Fatal rail way accidents have really become alarmingly fre quent, though through no cause that is within the power of the railway authorities to remove. In each case the victims themselves were alone to blame, in either crossing the line and being run over, jumping from carriages while the trains are in motion, or some similar act of carelessness. At one of our largest iron foundries, the other day, one of the employes allowed a quantity of molten iron to flow from a furnace into a pool of water. The explosion created by this mixture of opposing elements was something appalling. It knocked one man life less, Berioualy if not fatally wounded two others, and almost blew the roof off the building. Last week the public mind was shocked by that fearful tragedy in Pitt-street i the victim of which, Patrick Holland, has been lying in the Sydney Infirmary ever since in a dying state. His recovery is hopdess. In a fit of passion, a fellow-workman, who seems to have been made a butt of by the rest of the employe's, dove the unfortunate young man's head open with a heavy and sharp tomahawk. Another man, not long ago, murderously set upon a master mariner (Captain Lopez), and, after leaving him for dead, rifled his pockets. The perpetrator of this outrage—his name is Cassidy—was sentenced to death at the present sittings of the Central Criminal Court. He is the fifth person now lying under sentence of death. Next week the gallows will do its horrid work with two murderers. The Executive has to determine the fate of the others. We had a breach of promise case recently, that was, to say the least, interesting, and the news papers gave a sensational account of the affair. It is not often a mayor is tripped up in his love making, still less a lawyer. Mr. Proctor, Mayor of Armidale, a fast young solidtor, how ever, had he loved wisely, and not in the " head and ears" fashion that generally finds an early extinction for the flame, would never have been the defendant in an action for breach of promise in which damages were laid at the modest sum of £10,000. But he came to Sydney, saw Miss Maunsell, and was conquered. How fiercely the fire of love burned in his breast can be judged from the letters he wrote, the pith of which were ruthlessly published to a cold unsympa thetic world by the heartless newspapermen. To say that Mr. Proctor " gushed " is to put it very mildly indeed, and, like Ernest Mai travers, he did not damp the ardor of his undertaking by the antidpation of conse quences. The jury awarded Miss Maunsell £250. She refused to touch a penny of it, gving it all to charities, after defraying her gal expenses. " Why he did not marry her " has not been made clear, though it is generally understood that the cold water of paternal authority was the damper that extinguished the young man's affection, and turned what pro mised to be a happy, honorable match into shame and ridicule. We had Queen's weather for the Queen's Birthday, and right loyally was the day ob served. There wastheleveeatGovernment House, the review of the headquarter** forces, and what was expected to be (but wasn't) a great national carnival on the Albert Cricket Ground. These were the prindpal events of the day; but there were besides scores of picnics and excursions about the suburbs and down our beautiful har bor. For the first time, the levee was held in the forenoon. This was done to suit the con venience of the general public, and the arrange ment was entirely satisfactory. It was more numerously attended than any previous reception in the colony—a circumstance due to the fact that Sir Hercules Robinson's period of office is about to expire, and Sir Hercules, too, is exceedingly popular. He will have completed hu fifth and last year as Governor of New South Wales on the Brd of June. All classes of the community and all the leading people of the colony attended the levee, except the Chief Justice, Sir James Martin, between whom and Sir Hercules Robin son there is not the most friendly feeling exist ing. Sir James owes Sir Hercules a grudge for preventing him from being sworn in as Acting Governor while his Excellency was "annexing" Fiji, and the feeling was aggravated by the Gardiner squabble. Again, the Chief Justice should, by right, have recdved the appointment of Lieutenant-Governor, but Sir Hercules Robinson got him cut out of that honor, and had it conferred upon Sir Alfred Stephen, the retired Chief Justice. However, the levee was a great success. It is more than likely that it is the last Sir Hercules Robinson will hold in New South Wales, though no one here has the faintest idea who his successor is to be. After holding the levee, his Excellency reviewed the forces in Moore Park. The country Volunteers, however, did not, for some reason or other, take part in the review this year, and only the metro politan and suburban troops were inspected— about 800 of them. His Excellency was well satisfied with their appearance. Fully 15,000 people witnessed the review, from which you will infer that no half-hearted interest is taken in the condition of our defenders. The great " carnival" on the Albert Ground was a great fiasco, though successful as a speculation. It was a clumsy attempt to either imitate or burlesque (I don't know which) a Roman festival without the butchering, and the crowd spoiled even what little sport there was by flocking into the ground, and interrupting the "performances," such as they were. The theatres continue to be well attended. Mrs. Soott-Siddons has been winning all hearts in "East Lynne," and that famous comedy, " Our Boys," at the Theatre Royal. The place is crammed every night. Creswiok is playing his last nights at the Viotoria Theatre. Baker and Fan-on are doing an immense business by playing at popular prices at the Queen's; Darcy Read's ghost show is still at the Guildhall, and Thomson's confederate diorama is just finishing at the School of Arts. Roberts, the champion billiardist, has been giving exhibitions of his skill with the cue at the Masonic Hall, and at Newcastle. He will be in Brisbane next week. From a long spell of dry weather, we are likely to have a change. Rain is not far off, if appear ances are to be depended on, and it is wanted. So large a quantity of rich quartz specimens has been lately obtained by the Corby Company, and at Coromandel (N.Z.), that the bank has had to refuse to receive any more for safe custody, all the secure places being already filled with specimens waiting crushing. The sale of Mr. NoHworthy's radng stock, at Christchurch (N.Z.), realised £9102 ; the highest price paid for one animal was 550 guineas for the horse Traitor. Free passes by rail are said to have been freely distributed throughout the colony by the Vic torian Ministry, in order to secure a large atten dance at the Governor's levde on the Queen's Birthday. At the examination of a charge of embezzle ment against a clerk at the Melbourne Police Court, it transpired that the accused had ex pended the whole amount stolen (abovo £50), in Chinese lotteries iv about a week. 