LOO A L A N D GEN Eli A L. CLHJRCII OF ENGLAND, DOWNING. Laying tub Foundation-stone. Last Friday afternoon tho foundation-stone of tho new Anglican Church nt Bowning, was laid by Mr3. Brigstocko. Owing to circumstances which tho committee conld not control, only a short notice wr.s givon, or doubtless there would have been a great many more people present. As it was, however, tho event caused quite a stir in tho township, and a goodly number of vehiclos brought frionds from Yass to witness tho interesting ceremony. Among tho visitors from Yass wo observed Mosdamos Jenkins, All- man, Goold, Maltby, Perry, Kirke, Wilkinson, Ynrrington, Misses Brigstocke and S. Williams, Messrs. Mackintosh, Murgrio, Wilkinson, Tom Kirko, and othors. For some timo past, about three years and a half, servicO hns been held undor groat inconvenience, and the want of a church has been severely felt. Owing to the small population considerable difficulty has ben found in raising the roquisito funds- With tho kind assistance of frionds, however, a sufficient amount has been subscribed to warrant the com mittee iu proceeding with the work. Tho aitu selected for the orection of tho church is tho host that could bo chosort, being tnidwny between tho old and now town, on an elevated piece of ground an acre and a half in extont. At the appointed time the inhabitants began to assemble on the spot, where flags wore flying and every necessary preparation had boon made. Owing to tho groat kindness and thonghtfulness of some of tho mombors of tho comiaittoo a most comfortable mnrqueo wus erected and a luxurious repast provided for the entertainment of the friends from Yass and other distant places. After luncheon tho proceedings in connection with the laying of the stone wero oounnonccd by tho Rev. Mr. Yarrington, who read different portions of Scripture suitable to tho occasion, aud engaged in prayer for tho Divine blessing on tho under: taking. Mr. Yarrington then rond the usual parchment containing the namo of tho church and that of the Queen, tho Govoruor, the Bishop of the Diocese, the incumbent, and the date, Ac., of tho proceeding. This parchment wa9 olognuily written and illuminutcd in thoolliceof Mr. M. C. Law, of Yass. This record, togethor with copies of tho I 'ass Courier and Australian Churchman, wore placed in tho bottle aud laid in tho rocep- tnelo provided; The stono was thon placed in its position, and Mr. Yarrington prosontod Mrs. Brigstocko with n handsome silver trowel, suit ably ongraved, requesting her, on behalf of the building committee, to perform the ooromony. After she had done so in tho accustomed manner, she pronounced tho stone to be well and truly- laid, in tho namo of the Fathor and of tho Son and of tho Iluly Ghost. Mr. Yarrington then briefly addressed tho assembly. IIo said that the corein-iny which they hod just witnessod do- rlvad its authority from antiquity, its sanction from universal custom, and its significance from its simplicity. Art, science, loarning, and coramorco hud buildings which roprosouted in visiblo embodiment thoir respective objects, such as museums, art galleries, universities, and colleges, tho hank, tho warehouse, and tho exchange. In unciont tlmos tho henthon oroctod his magnificent temple to tho worship of his pagan deities. Of all the subjects which could occupy 'ho human mind nono was more impor tant than religion, and it was theroforo out- duty to erect churches in which the ono true God should bo worshipped iu sincority and in truth. For a long timo divine sorvico had boon conducted at Bowning undor circumstances of tho groatost inconvenience aud difficulty, und tho noed of a suituhlo place of worship hud been long and severely felt. Tho inhabitants of tho town and district had usod grout exertions to ruiso tho requisite funds, but stiil they needed holp. It was the greatost plonsnro to all present that Mrs. Brig stocke, tho widow of tho late Rev. O. F. Brig stocko, who was tho first incumbent of this district, and had boon so for twenty years, had kindly consontod to lay tho stono. Ho was sure ho was only expressing tho fooling of all prosent when ho doopiy regrottod hor intended depar ture from tho district, and oxprossod a sincoro hopo that after a timo she would once moro tako up hor residonce in our midst. In conclusion ho trusted that all prosent would manifest their interest in the proposed church in a practical mannor by placing thoir contributions on the stono._ Tho hymn commencing " This stone to thee in faith we lay " was then sung, during which tho collection was made, amounting to about £12. Mr. Yarrington then desired to oxpross on bohalf of the visitors from Yass thoir thankful- noss to their Bowning friends for their cordial and most acceptable It'i- pi ality. (Cheers.) Ho a. so desired to thotik nil present for tho intorost which they had taken in the proceedings of tho day, and especially ho would desire publicly to oxpross his thanks, and those of the committee, to Mr, Margrio for his kindness in preparing the plans, &c.;, of the church froo of any expense. Three hearty cheers wero then givon for the Queen, for Mrs. Brigsiocke, and for Mr. Yar rington, und tho proceedings terminated. 