MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, THURSDAY, AUG. 1. The Council met at 3 p.m. Present : R. J. Archcr, Esq. (Warden), Councillors Basil Arclier, W, Dodery, W. Gibson, and J. Wiloiore. Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed. TENDERS FOB POLrCE CLOTHING. Only one tender was received for police clothing from C. Croft, Launceston, at the following prices :--Great coats, £2 15s, trousers, £1 7s, jumpers, 12s 6d, caps and covers. Us. Upon the Councillors inspecting the samples of cloth, they were of opinion that it was not good enough, and the matter was left in the hands of the "Warden to see Mr Croft and arrange for a better material. SUPERINTENDENT'S REPORT. The Superintendent's report for July was read. It stated that eight persons had been arrested during the month, all of whom had been convicted. One case of sheepstealing had been reported by R. J. Archer, Esq., which occurred at Brickeudon between the 26th and 28th ultimo, but the parties had not been found out. The Superintendent stated that having 0 resort to tbe old method of sending prisoners in on foot, in consequence of the Breadalbane police station having been dispensed with, it necessitated the escortgoingonto Young Town, which in the busy time of the year would keep one constable constantly employed. The Warden said this would virtually do away with the services of one maa, and wnsagreat hardship to the municipality, if it could be avoided. Councillor Dodery remarked " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." FINANCE. The following accounts were passed for payment—Petty cash, £1 19s 6d ; W. Douglas, (rations), £2 10s 4d ; Walch Bros, and Birchall, stationery, £7 14s 3d. The Council then (at 3'30 p.m.) rose. GENERAL NEWS. For the last week or ten (lays an excitement lias been kept up among the juveniles respecting "a ghost," reported to have been seen on the road leading to Brickendon. Several young ladies have been frightened by the " ghost," and one or two fainted. The police are on the alert, and if the party, whoever _ it may be, does not discontinue bis foolish tricks, before long he will fall into the hands of the Philistines and be dealt with as he deserves. 1 am informed that four "harbingers of spring" were seen on Sir Thoa. Lear's new stable on Tuesday morning. I think they have come before their time, as the weather has been quite wintry these last few days. August 1st. 