UNORTHODOX AMERICA. fby ocr travelling correspondent. At the time of my visit to the United States, society was convulsed to its depths on two topics — the first was the Reform £11!, the second was the eternity and nature of post mortem puniehment. About both questions tho most contradictory opiniona prevailed. One set of politicians seemed to consider that converting silver into a legal tender would make every citizen of the United States rich, prosperous and nappy ; another rcgaracu any measure which created a double standard of value as only a synonym for national in solvency, and tho views expressed about tho future state of rewards aud punishment were just as diverte. One set of divines either denied the existence of a physical hell alto gether, or elso frittered- it away, while others boldly stood by tho "old theory of eternal brimstone, of children not a span long whose brain, blood and marrow would simmer throughout eter nity ; and one enthusiast even went so far as to fix the locality of Auld Clootie's do minions, which he asserted were situated somewhere in the centre of the earth, many miles more remote from its surface thou the bottom of tho Magdala shaft. ' One worthy divine — it is true he was of tho colored persuasion — argued that tho different volcanoes were the chimneys of hell. Nearly every clergyman started a theory of his own, and as each was different from that advanced by tho other some of the church-going people must have been puzzled what to believe. My present inten tion is, however, to give a sketch of two remarkable heterodox discourses which I heard upon the question, the one from Mr. O. B. Frothinghum and the other from Colonel Robert G. Ingersoll. Mr. Frothingham occupies a somewhat similar position in New York to that held by Mr. Moncure Conway in London, except that his congregation is apparently larger, and perhaps a little more fashionable. Both gentlemen are Americans ; both are men of considerable literary ability and elo quence, and both have the courage of their opinions, whatever they may be. I have never been able to make out exactly what the creed of these gentlemen is. It is very easy to discover what they do not believe. They appear to go in for almost universal negatives. They have gone far beyond Unitarianism, or even universalism ; revelation they cast aside ; they have no very distinct views about a future state, or indeed about the im mortality of the soul; 'and I am not quite sure what are their ideas about a First Cause. They talk a great many platitudes nbout human thought aud human progress, and their orations are pleasant to listen to and pleasant to read, but I cannot understand any person deriving from them either instruc- tion or consolation. Mr. Frothingham was, I believe, born in New England. His aocent is agreeable to an Englishman, his diction remarkably pure, he occasionally runs into eloquence, and he rarely degene rates into common- place. He "orates," I cannot call it preaching, in the Masonic Hall, a large and handsome building at the corner of Twenty-third-street and Sixth Avenue, and adds to the effect of his ministrations by employing an excellent choir, and he addresses a prayer to somebody or something, but whether the God of the Christians, tho First Cause of the Philosophers, or the Nature of the Rationalists, I am not able to state. Mr. Frothingham's discourse on hell was clever, but not satisfactory. He commenced by apologising for touching upon such a subject, and stated that if six months before he had been told that he should have selected such a topic he should have received the information with as much in credulity as a traveller who was told that he would take up his rifle and shoot an ichthyosaurus or a megatherium. He pro ceeded to argue that the belief in hell has almost entirely disappeared, A thousand years ago the doctrine was alive and formid able. It stalked abroad, immense in size, formidable in aspect. Now it is rarely seen, and when seen is only a shadow of its former self. It has left the world of philosophy and science, of literature and art ; even in the wilderness of theology it is seldom met with. Its spectral image lingers near the tabernacle when the revival preacher endeavors to reproduce a system of religion that was natural in a departed era, but is un natural in the present age; but there, too, it is altered, sadly changed from its former estate, a mere simulacrum, a ghost, which the people are allowed to look at, as forms are seen behind gauze curtains, or as materialised spirits. All at once this spectre becomes alive, is seen in tho midst of us, terrifies men and women in tho public places. We were mistaken in supposing the monster belonged to the Silurian Epoch, or, to speak more exactly, we were mistaken in thinking that tho Silurian Epoch was sunk beneath so many layers of rock. Tho Silurian Epoch persists. In Central New York last summer excellent persons were found who professed to believe in the lake of fire, and were surprised that any persons should be so audacious as to doubt. In New England an ecclesiastical council demurred to tho ordination of a member on the ground that he held unorthodox opinions on this point. In New York an eminent divine and doctor of divinity, rector of a fashion- able church, expressed contempt for the opinions of Canon Farrar, that no doctrine of everlasting suffering was taught in tho scripture. Tho doctrine is evidently not extinct. Tho majority of Congregational clergymen still maintain it, some in a qualified, others in an unqualified form. Mr. Frothingham proceeded to argue that men of the highest eminence in theology have repudiated the idea of hell, and he quoted from Origen, in the third, and Scotus Erigena in the ninth century, and contrasted their views with those of Bishop Butler, who argued in favor of an eternity of punishment upon the ground that it was in accordance with the whole system of nature, whose divine author inflicted unspeakable agonies on beings to all appearances innocent. Mr. Frothingham went on to style such reasoning desperate. That was indeed a hopeless cause that could be maintained only at the risk of atheism itself. To argue that God might be expected to punish people everlastingly in the future, because, horribly and causelessly, he tor- ments them in tho present, may and does provoke men to ask whether it would not be better to deny the existence of God entirely, or to give the name of Devil to the being who governs the world. The method of Butler has been repudiated by tho more rational philosophy of the present day. There are now three alternatives for the philosophical mind. It may either accept the ancient theory of Dualism, which allots the universe to two opposing powers, one good and one evil, the evil power holding sway over tho realm of anguish, whether temporal or eternal, on which supposition pain, death and hell are transferred from tho dominion of Deity to the domain of Satan ; or, retaining the theory of Monotheism, which acknowledges but a single intelligent ruler of the universe, it may deny the existence of one spirit or the other, declaring for optimism with Leibnitz, and with him sustaining the opinion that good is the substantial principle and evil the appearance, the appa rition, tho evanescent shadow ; or for pessi- mism with Schopenhauer, who contended that evil was the substantial principle, and that good is the illusive substance. Or, again, as a third alternative, declining to answer dogmatically the question of tho world's original authorship and essential control, the philosophical mind may hold to some form of the de- velopment theory which describes the universe as unfolding gradually from organic germs, and as moving onwards with or without the guidance of an intelligent being. Mr. Frothingham argued that tho doctrine of eternal punishment was repug nant to all natural religion ; and continued : — " There remains the word of scripture. To me, with whom it has no more of authority than reason concedes to it, the discussion is without interest. At present it satisfies my purpose to say that in my honest and sober Judgment the language of Scripture does not warrant tho Christian doctrine. If it did, my opinion of the doctrine would so what it is. But honestly I think that it does not. At least the essential thought, the true meaning or Scripture, does not. But tho doctrine is necessary to tho integrity at the Christian scheme — so necessary that its rejection would bring tho whole struc ture down. The Christian scheme is a complete, logical system, compactly fitted together. Its parts all cohere. Tho dis- ledgrnent of one part endangers the security of the Structure. To deny tho Trinity is to deny the divinity of Christ. To deny the Deity of Christ is to deny tho suffi- ciency of the atonement. To deny the atonement is to 'deny the comst ferd of man. To deny this is to deny human de- pravity, to deny tho necessity of grace, to vacate the offices of the church, and reduce to nothing the significance of Christendom. The dogma of future punishment is essential to all the rest. It follows logically from the dogmas of depravity and redemption. There must be a doom in reserve for the uncon verted ; there must be a place for the unrc- generate. They are by nature depraved, heirs of death, children of wrath, and their place must be the lowest and saddest conceivable ; their doom might be simply death, utter death, an nihilation." But this doom, would be negative rather than positive. Death might be welcome ; annihilation might be a boon. There must be something more appalling to the vulgar imagination. With the idea of death must be coupled the idea of agony. Hence life meant felicity ; death meant anguish. Hell was offered against heaven. The two are required to accomplish tho series of conceptions which constituted the plan of redemption. Mr. Frothingham proceeded to argue that it was the dogma of hell which caused the cruelties of tho inquisition. Mr. Lecky had dwelt at length, in his History of Rational- ism in Europe, upon the disastrous effect produced by tho dogma of hell upon the moral disposition of churchmen, making them callous and cruel. The instruments of tor- ture used in the Middle Ages — the wheels, racks, screws, pincers — were but material copies of the instruments which the fiends were believed to employ upon tbe doomed in hell ; and the cold-blooded ferocity with which tho horrid engines were plied, nay the satanic glee of the auto da fe, was but such imitation as human creatures could make of the devils who executed on tho cursed tho mandates of the Divine wrath. Mr. Froth ingham also pointed out as a remarkable fact that the people consigned to hell by tho priests of all religions have been those who rebelled against ecclesiastical rule. Tho inhabitants of hell have been chiefly heretics sent there for the guilt of unbelief, sceptics who looked too deeply into the mysteries of dogma, infidels who abandoned tho tradi tions of faith. A Parsee writer describes a woman in hell, " beaten with stone clubs by two demons twelve miles high, and com pelled to eat a basin of offal, because some of her hair as she combed it fell into the sacred fire." A Brahminic text, says Alger, tells of a man who for "neglecting to meditate on tho mystic monosyllable Om before pray ing was thrown down on an iron floor in hell and cloven with an axe, then stewed in a cauldron of molten lead till covered all over with foam and sweat, like a grain of rice in an oven, and then fastened with head down wards and feet upwards to a chariot of fire, and urged onward with a red-hot goad." A general council of the Church condemned Origen for teaching that the doctrine of eternal punishment in hell did not comport with the idea of tho infinite goodness of God. An English cardinal, early in the thirteenth century, wrote a book on tho question, Is Origen Saved or Damned? In Bayle's dictionary is related the vision of a hermit who saw hell uncovered, and in the midst of it Origen in tho company of the damned, covered with flames and confusion. The pains of hell were reserved for offenders against the Church, not for offenders against humanity. Such is an outline of Mr. Frothingham's discourse. It was a very able resume of the case, but it appeared to me that it left the matter very much where it found it. But no exception could be taken to the manner of the lecture. It was couched in temperate language, and there was throughout an air of moderation in all that he said that would have prevented even those whose opinions he was assailing from taking offence at the pungency of his criticism. The congrega tion behaved in tho most decorous manner. Admission was free to all, and although a collection was taken up, subscription to it was quite voluntary. Very different was the lecture upon Hell delivered by Colonel "Bob" Ingersoll, at Checkering Hall. The locale was quite as respectable as that in which Mr. Frothingham's congregation met, but the mode of conducting tho entertainment was very different. Tickets for admission were sold in the usual manner, but the seats had been bought up by the speculators, and it was only alter an expen diture of tivo shillings that I could obtain admission. When I entered the organ was playing a lively selection of airs from La Fille de Madame Augot, and the audience were settling themselves into their places, with the obvious intention of being amused as well as instructed. Shortly after eight o'clock tho colonel made his appearance. I had heard him during tho Presidential campaign, and was much struck with his forcible way of putting things, and his readiness — I could scarcely call it elo- quence. I expected to hear something original. Nor was I disappointed. Colonel Ingersoll, who is a Western politician of some eminence, a man of portly presence, fine physique and resonant voice, kept tho attention of his hearers for nearly two hours and a half, while he uttered a series of diatribes against revelation and Christianity. There was no attempt at argument all was assertion; but then his assertions were so positive that they seemed to carry convic tion with them. He followed tho Horatian maxim in dealing with his subject, and plunged at once in medius res. Tho idea of hell was, he said, born of revenge and brutality on one side, and cowardice on tho other. " In my judgment the American people are too brave, too charitable, too generous, too magnanimous to believe in tho infamous dogma of an eternal hell. I have no respect for any human being who believes in it. I have no respect for any man who preaches it. I have no respect for the man who will pollute the imagination of childhood with that infamous lie. I have no respect for the man who will add to tho sor- rows of this world with that frightful dogma. I have no respect for any man that endea vors to put that infinite cloud, that infinite shadow, over tho heart of humanity. I want to be frank with you. I dislike this doctrine. I hate it. I despise it. I defy this doctrine." In this strain Colonel Ingersoll proceeded, his audience ap plauding vociferously, and appearing to agree with every sentiment that tho speaker uttered. By and by he left tho subject of hell, and attacked the various religious denominations. "Every re ligion in tho world had denounced every other religion as a fraud, which proves that they all tell tho truth about each other. I do not pretend to have any religion myself. I believe in living for this world — that is my doctrine. In living here now, to-day, to night, and to make everybody happy that you can. Let the future take care of itself ; and if ever I touch the shores of another world, I will be just as ready and anxious to get into some remunerative employment as I have been in this. Now we have a re- ligion that tells us that if there had been no sin there would have been no death. For my part, I am glad that there is death in this world, because that gave me a chance, Somebody had to die to give me room, and when my turn comes I'll be willing to let some body else take my place. But whether there is another life or not, if there be any being who gave me this, I shall thank him from tho bottom of my heart, because upon the whole my life has been a joy." The speaker then denounced the Bible, both old and new testa ments, and read a number of passages with the view of endeavoring to prove that the Bible was not fit to read in schools or to teach children. The texts quoted by him were in many respocts identical with those selected by Thomas Paine, and their reading appeared to give, unmeasured delight to his audience. Returning to the subject of his discourse, Colonel Ingersoll continued : — "Whom does tho doctrine of hell touch? tho great, tho rich, the powerful? No! The poor the despised, tho weak, the mean. Did you ever hear of a man going to hell who died in New York worth a million of dollars, or with an income of twenty-live thousand a year, did you ? Did you ever hear of a man going to hell who rode in a carriage. Never. They are tho gentlemen who talk about their assets, and who say, 'Hell is not for me, it is for the poor; I have all the luxuries I want, give hell to the poor.' Who goes to hell ? Tramps." In this strain the colonel continued, I have given a fair idea of tho nature of his discourse. Argument there was none, but his language was put together with con siderable power, and it produced a con siderable effect upon his hearers, who were principally Germans, though I noticed among the crowd the wizard Heller and Miss Heller. I do not want to criticise or to obtrude my own opinioos. I would prefor that my readers should form their own. But it strikes me as a little strange that tho teachers of heterodoxy, who complain of the dog matism of tho churches, are just as dogmatic themselves, just as prone to advance opinions without assigning any reason for them ; just as uncharitable as the most bigoted and narrow-minded Pharisee that ever wrote or preached. I lis tened very patiently to what both Mr. Frothingham, tho representative of the cul tured, and Colonel Ingersoll, as a type of the aggressive rationalist, had to advance, and I cannot say that I gleaned a single new idea Perhaps other persons may be more fortunate, 