T0W1ST TALK. A Batavia telegram reports that the Singa pore cable is restored and is working fairly. In another column will be found a report of the Hospital Sunday collections, so far a3 they could bo known last evening. The total amount collected in the town was £273 5s 2d, but there are of coursc a number of retnrns to come from churches in various parts of the district. Mr Berry has received a telegram from Mr Burns, intimating that the proposed cable contract is to bo referred to the Legis lative-Assembly of Hew South Wales, and notice for its discussion has been given for Wednesday next. It is the intention of the Minister of Edu cation to appoint a Board to investigate the charges brought by Mr Sergeant against the management and efficiency of the Training Institution. The Board will consist for the most part of members of the Assembly. At the Geelong Police Court, on Satur- day, before Mr Heron, P.M., and Mr Reeves, J.P., Margaret Kennedy was charged with drunkenness. Defendant stated that she had not tasted drink for two years, but that slie was subject to fits, and she had one on this occasion. -Sergeant Morton stated that prisoner had been up before on the same charge, and she always told the same story. Mr Heron said he would pass asentence which would be of benefit to defendant if she was subject to fits; he would send her to gaol for seven days. Mary Ann Brogan was charged as a supposed lunatic. Con- stable Glenny deposed that he arrested pri- soner on the previous evening in Moorabool street, on account of the strangeness of her appearance and manner. It bad been ascer- tained that she resided at Steiglitz, and that she left her home on Thursday last. Prisoner was remanded till Wednesday next. The Court then adjourned. A youth named Lionel A. H. Corbett, who has been reported as missing from his post of midshipman on board the ship Mel bourne, lying at Williamstown, was found on Saturday afternoon by Coustable Band in a helpless state of intoxication in Yurra street. Corbett was taken to the lockup. A valuable retriever dog, belonging to Mr Brown, of the Harbor Office, while gambol ling in the water of the bay on Saturday afternoon, was attacked by a large stingray, which drove its -jagged stiug iuto the poor animal's side to a depth of four inches. The dog, in getting away from its assailant, car ried with it about eight inches of the sting, which it afterwards dragged from its flesh with its mouth. Two children, Elizabeth and Edward Chambers, aged fourteen and thirteen years respectively, were reported to the police as missiug irom their home at Toorak on Fri day. They left their home at an early honr that morning. A lad named Kennctfy Beaton, aged 12 years, son of a laborer residing at Fyansford, had one of his arms broken close to the wrist on Saturday afternoon. The young fellow was running swiftly along the road when he fell and met with the accident mentioned. The broken limb was attended to at the Hospital. The building committee of the proposed Intercolonial Juvenile Exhibition have re ported that the buildings recommended to be erected; on the ground in Swanston-street, Melbourne, will cost about £3500. It has been decided that the necessary funds shall he raised by the issue of 1000 debentures of £5 each, such debentures to entitle each holder to entrance during the whole time th° Exhibition remains open, and to a return of the amount o£ the debenture should the undertaking prove successful. ' On Saturday afternoon a young man named Frederick Anderson, clerk by occupation, aud residing at St. ICilda, received a very nasty wound on the thumb of the left hand whilst playing cricket on the Corio Club's ground. The wound was dressed at the Hospital. Some children, belonging to a resident of Egerton, named Wutkinson, had an idea that by walking nine times round an old shaft a ghost would come up. No ghost came np, but a little toddler named Bessy, getting giddy at the fifth round, staggered, and went down the shaft. head first. Some 'dry bushes about 50ft. below caught her body. Her father got her up, and, strange to say, she was not hurt. It has been definitely decided that tne challenge pedestrian match between Messrs A. Ricketts, of Geelung, and W. Sansom, of liallarat, will be ran off next Saturday afternoon on the Corio Cricket Ground. The distance to be run is two miles, and Ricketts will receive 45 yards start from his opponent. The race is for £50. A deposit of £30 is to bo mado by tbo backers of each pedestrian ti -day, and the remainder of the stakes must be paid on the night before the race. It is understood (writes the Argus) that the Chief Secrotary and tho Attorney General will represent tho Government at the conference between the two Houses. Professor Pearson and Mr Richardson are two of the names which have been before the Cabinet with reference to tho selection of the third member. A lteuter'o tolegram from Brisbane, dated Friday, says :-The Triederaburg, with im migrants, has arrived. She has been qua-N rantined, having had four oases of typhoid fever within IS days. Eighteen deaths occurred during the passage. The escort left Charters Towers with 14,000oz. of gold. - The Sydney telegraphic correspondent of the Argus say3 that the evidence of trooper Walah leaves no doubt that the man shot by the police, in the Maranoa district, was the murderer of Sergeant Wallings. The horse which he rode ' and which afterwards died was Sir William. During the week Waxy has been backed for the Melbourne Cup to win a good stake at 100 to 3. Darriwell and Tom Kirk have also been backed to win £10,000 each at the same price. Melita is firm at 100 to. 12. Mulligan has been backed for the Maribyr nong Plate at 1000 to 60, and 500 to 35. Avernus is first favorite for this race at 10 to 1. According to the Argus great efforts are being made in the Education Department to prepare the return promised by Mr Berry, showing the salaries and position of the individual teachers at the time of the pass ing of the Education Act and under the July regulations promulgated by Major Smith. So far the intention of the Government is to invite the House to adhere to the new regulations. The arrangements for the return ball to the Mayor of Melbourne, to tako place on Thursday evening next, are approaching completion. We [Argus) understand His Excellency the Governor, Lady Bowen, and suite have expressed their intention of being present on the occasion. -An Adelaide telegram in the Argus, dated Friday, says :-James Austin, second mate of the Royal George, lying at Port Auqasta, has mysteriously disappeared, and it is sup posed that he is drowned, as he was on board at midnight last night. The police have been dragging all day, but without success. A sad case of juvenile depravity came under the notice of the Collingwood Bench on Friday (reports the Telegraph), when a boy scarcely 12 years of age, named Thomas Kelly, was charged with being drunk and disorderly. He was found in a helpless state of intoxication on the previous day by the police, and was removed to the lock-up. The Bench sent him to the Iudustrial School for four years. A young man named Colin Campbell was charged at the Ballarat City Police Court on Friday morning with having criminally assaulted a womau named Eugenie Ansaldi ou the 9th inst. The evidence disclosed that the prosecutrix was the licensee of the Redan Club Hotel on that date. The ac cused went to the hotel, and after having had some beer and something to eat, com mitted the offence complained of, the prose cutrix being alone in the house. The pri soner was committed for trial on the capital charge, bail being allowed in two sureties of j£100 each, and himself in £200. At the Ararat Assize Court on Friday, Anthony Anderson, an aborigine, was charged with the manslaughter of his wife, Rose, at Donald, on the 9th March. A large number of witnesses were examined. The affair was the sequel to a drinking bout at a native camp. The prisoner tried to control his lubra Rose, and threw a waddy at her, the result being her death five days afterwards. The jury found the prisoner guilty, and strongly recommended him to mercy on the ground that he had no inten- tion of slaying Rose when he threw the mis- sile. He was sentenced to six months' im- prisonment. The lock-ont at the Melbourne Eastern Market appears to be coming to an end. A number of the bricklayers who struck work for the Saturday half-holiday resumed work on Friday'morning. A crowd of men assem bled in the vicinity (says the Age), and hooted the men as they commenced opera tions, but a body of police was present, and no effort was made to stop the men working by the crowd. The men were again hooted when they knocked off work in the evening, but they took very little notice of the shonts.' It is anticipated that most of the men now out will resume work this morning. The Select Committee of the House of Assembly to whose care the contagious Diseases Bill has been committed, with a view of evidence being obtained as to the necessity of its provisions being enforced in Melbourne at the present time, met on Fri day at the Parliament Houses. Present Messrs Bent (chairman), Gaunson, MacBain, Bosisto, and Smith. The sitting lasted five hours. Captain Standish was examined, and stated during his evidenco that supervision would be useless unless registration were also enforced. Mr Hill, city missionary, also gave evidence strongly in favor of the bill, and, in connection with the In dustrial Schools, deprecated the substitu tion of the boarding-out for the cottage system, the former being very productive of recruits to the ranks of the unfortunates. Mr Buncle stated some particulars with re spect to the Queensland Act, and Sergeants Dulton and O'Mara also gave evidence. The. Committee (says the Telegraph) sit again on Tuesday, and hope then to conclude their enquiries. A sad case of death from burns, in which the victim was a child aged three and a half years, named Tobias Keating, occurred at Marong ou Wednesday afternoon. It ap pears (writes the Sandhurst correspondent of the Argus) that the child, with a brother aged five years,- was playing about an old log which was burning, and the elder boy took up a dry bush and set fire to it. The flames reached the younger child's clothes, and the other lad was so greatly alarmed that, instead of raising an alarm, he stood spell-bound. The mother o£ the children was. in the houses about a hundred yards away, but did not-observe the occurrence. A carpenter named Charles Wright, who was at work on a building a short distance off, observed the child's clothes blazing, and immediately hurried to tho spot, but bo fore he arrived the poor child had sustained fearful burns from head to foot. Dr. Boyd was called out from Sandhurst to attend the little sufferor, who, however, died with in 12 hours after the accident. An inquest was held on Thursday by Mr Strickland, at which the jury returned a'verdict that de ceased died from collapse, caiiscd in the manner above described. . In the speech which he delivered at Tam worth last week, on the occasion of the cele bration of the opening of the railway to that township, Sir Hercules Robinson is reported to have said .-One of the most difficult and 'delicate of the questions which a constitu tional Governor has to decide for himself is when he may, with propriety, express his own individual opinions on matters of pub lic concern. . For my own part, I do not think it is at all necessary that a Governor under a Parliamentary system should in his public utterances be merely a sort of mecha nical nightingale singing ever the one tunc of indiscriminate praise. I maintain that if he holds stroDg opinions upon nuy great ques tion affecting the real and lasting interests o£ the country, it is not only permissible for him, but it is his duty; to 'state ,those opi nions frankly for -whatever they may be worth, provided that in his judgment he can do so with a reasonable prospect of effecting good, and without violating the neutrality which he is" bound to observe between the various political parties in the colony. The Council-of the Shire of South Barwon will hold a special meeting at 2.30 p.m., and their ordinary meeting at 3 p.m., this day. ' ' The Mopokes will meet at eight o'clock this evening. - Particulars with respect to the stallion Duke ? will be found' in our advertising columns. . ' 