;Wb should not bo surprised if, some of these days, wo heard it ntado a iiiatlor to boast of thnt our Tnsmitiiiau Ministers; had much improved tho systom .of " dumi'iiyism," ' which, in Now South Wales and Victoria, has boon so worked us to sccuro for tlie " supporters of law and ardor" the fee sim|)lo of by fur tlio' best portion of tho public estate in those colonics. Perjury, on n wholosalo scalo, is fcliu basis upon which this systematic mode of rubbing tho pubtio lind its foundation. Tho suborners of tho for sworn wretches who forfeit character, sclforespect, nnd any status in tho social scalo aboro that of convicted folons, nro tho incmbors of that class who nro wont to describo tlie working and industrious classes as " loafers and creatures, whose moral stench is so rank and oUuusive as -to bo : inaupportablo by tiioso sensitive rascals who hiro othors, less criminal than themselves, to run tho hazard of being detected, duly convicted, and punished for doing the infamous work of their paymasters." A very largo .proportion of tho , foo simplo, of tho Crown lnnds , of the two colonies- just mimed has passed into tho possession of tho present owners, with titles founded on fraud, perjury, and conspiracies to. defeat tho laws of the land. " Duminy- ism," however, is an art capablo of boing utilised in many ways, besides being only, — as it was supposed— capablo of being employed as a moans , of defrauding tho public of their cstato by evading and defeating those laws specially designed for its protoction. And tli&t; it is capablo of being turned usefully to other dubious purposes is a dmcovory for which wc must givo our quibbling, litigious, political masters tho credit of having first disco vered, and for baring next demonstrated tho uulookod-for houofita which a judi cious application of its underlying prin ciples is capablo of securing to those who skilfully apply it. This is tho first session of Pari lament that has witnessed tho bonoiicinl influences (to Mim'stors) of "dummyism." In a Hoiiso of Representatives consisting of only thirty-two members, including tho Speaker, there aro now tliroo scats which may be considered in reality vacant, but which tho ingenuity nnd cunning of 'Ministers have managed to "dummy." It was well-known to Air. Oibliu; whon Mr. Fysh sailed for England, that ho had 110 intontion of roturning for a period by a long way more rcmoto than ho sought to induco Parliament to beliero when ho nudo a statement on the subject previous to tho arrival of tho last English mail — which no ono who knows him, or is in tlie habit of corresponding with Air. Fysh, gave any credence to.- Before the mout her for East Hob Art loft the colony it was known to all his frionds and acquaintances that bo not only loft his resignation in Mr. Giblin's hands, but that lie had announced his intention of remaining in England for a period so protracted, that no mnn, no matter howindiflerunt to tho principles of representation or thoio of responsible Government, would for an instant presume, by a gross act of con tempt for public opinion, to doprivo a constituency of tho right to boreprcscuied in the Ldislaturo for a great propor tion of tho time alloted by tho Constitution for the duration of Parliament. Ministers have managed to ' dummy" tho constitu ency of Enst Hobart by tho fulsbat of protcnces, and tho most unprincipled and confounded of misrepresentations ; and why ? Because tho smull majority by whioh Mr. Fysh, the "dummy" mem ber, secured his return might not bo conveniently obtained again. Then we liavo the two constituencies of Queen- borough ami Sorcll — both virtually " dummied, " hut aftor a dilToront inodo. ITad it not been for tho impru dent competition of two Ministerial candidates, Sorcll would now bo repre sented by an Oppositionist, and but for the unexamplod (at least In Tasmania) oxponditnre of money in the district of Queoiiborough, tho majority of six, by which Mr. Gayer obtained tho privilogo of.; following in ohediont' servitude tho 'dictates of his patrons, Dr. E. L. .Crowthbr would bo now tho representative of that constituency. These are all' foots which, wb nro well aware, Ministers do not omit from, thoir, c/iloulations, when reckoning tip thoir chances of holding on to ofilce for at least somo timo longer, ...Tri a Houso of thirty-nno mombors, thbro aro threo " dummies "—not ono of whom eoiild hrivb over gainod n scat by legitimato or constitutional moans,' and whoso places, wlionover formally, vacant, aro certain , to i boocoupiodf by aliti-MinisLbrialiats— ihay, bp ,, saitl! to. actually rule tlio" colony,, and to keep iii offico a Govemiiiorit ns. hateful to the: peoplo ns it ..is schooling, unrolinblo, and incompetent. , /rho . Victorian i and Now Soutli Wales "Uunimics.V'seizbd the luuds of thoso colonibs by fraud and villnny of overy dogreo and description ; but our . Ministoriol ''dummies" hnvo gone mucli'furthor, for through thoir holp the political rights and privileges of the peoplo have been seized and lmndod over to tlio Btiprorno control of ono partioulnr class of | the .community.: Tho present Parliament doos not represent tho country, inasmuch as fhroo out of thirty-ono seats' in the Houso of Assembly arc occupied by tliose' who have oitlior left, or havo broken,, every connecting link witlr Hts destinies, and who aro propared to leavo as soon thoir partizan. , assistance is rendered so for ss to onsble Ministbrs to tido over tho session into anothor long vacation, during which tho turn of tlio wheel of fortuno may bring them "some thing to; thoir adyantago." , .Will no mem ber ..ofv the Opposition bring under tho notice of : Parlianipnt this, the' worst- attempt yot made, to utrengtheu ian oligarchical Ministry rbyi-,woakening the. power of tho House of Assembly 7 ; | Tins bill providing for tho paymont of the interest duo to tlie Main Lino Railway, Company, up to the date the, train sorvico commenced ,botwoon the two termiui of Hobart Town and Launcosloh, has passed its third rooding in tho Legislative Coun cil by a majority of 8 toO. Tho minority includes all tho irreconcilable enemies of progress and improvement, so long as creating .tho nucossary monns of promoting such cssQUtiul objects is likely to cost any thing, or. to bring about the necessity of increased taxation.. Wo need hardly add that tho prospect of bringing a very protractod and discreditable contro versy to something like a sotllomunt, which, must ' deprive a certain class of Parliamentary rowdies of numberless opportunities for indulging their vitiated tnsto in a system of vituporativo oratory, but too wull calculated to bring logiahitlvo proceedings into tho greatest reproach to which any deliberative body of civilised men. could bo justly liable. Mr. T. D. Chapman, as might be expoctud, 'was unusually alntsivu, as woll as reckless, in, tho uLtorauce of his libellous and slanderous abuse. .Wo nro not sorrj' to . find htm indulging his vulgar inclina tion to tho extent ho does, for tho moro ho. is permitted to' exhibit hitnsolf in his into colors, tho sooner , his power will ccn80 to opernto, oitlior in Parlinmout or with tho public, nod tho < nearer will bo tho advent of that happy epoch in our .history, whon the country will bo able to congratulate itself upon tlio final extinction of, a long standing nuisance. Wo .wisli it wiw in our power to con gratulate tho colony upon tho complete soUlomont of ,tlio , con trovers' bottreon tlio Goveniiiiont ami,, the .company, and .thnt jve.-wurq. nssurcjdtthut.iiti. would .ba no longor' n soured of danger to our iinnu- ciiircrmiit, nnd of porpotnal turmoil nnd strife in Parliament. The Inugungo and demeanor of Mr. T. D. Chapman, diaero- ditablo as it cortainly was, that of the Colonial Sccrqtary defcudiug tho position ho occupies was infinitely moro so. Whon lie stated " that technically and morally llm colony was not bound to meet its obligations, although obliged .by law to dischargo them," lie 'asserted that which convoyed a most marked censure upon tho action of the Government of which ho is a member. Nothingcon bo moro SLdf-ovidont to persons possessed of common senso than tho enso of tho Govormnent against the company, was " technically, na well as legally," deficient in nil thoelomonts of justice and equity,. .The spouch of Mr. Alooru was not only improper— but bo much so, that woro tho Premier n man. who- appreciated 'tho obligations of his position, Mr. Mooro would no longor " he olllcer of Ins." J\Ir. T. D. Ghnpinan has soinu excuse for oxhibiling him'solfns a vitujiuraiive bully, but Hie position of Colonial Secretary ought to. have boen a restraint upon the indiscretion and want of rcspoct for tho bfiico ho hold oxhibitud by Mr. Moore, Lkotslativk Council.— Tn tho Legislative Council the Alain Line Railway interest Bill passed its third reading, after considerable, discussion, nnd a division by eight 'to six. Mr. Dodery, who had exprosssd himself in favor of the third reading, was absent on urgent private affairs in the North. The Eenl Property Bill and Railway Purchase Bill passed n third reading. Tho Volunteer Bill underwent considerahio discussion, and its further consideration postponed till to day. Tho Military Discipline Bill and the Defences Bill were post jmned, as were the resolutions of the Mouse of Assembly in favor of grants to Mrs. Bcecroft and 'Mrs. Ifordingc. Mr. Chapman allowed his motion to call attention to the correspondence nnd other papers laid upon the tabic of tho Coun cil this and last sessions of Parliament, having reference to tho Main Lino Railway, to lapse for the present. At five minutes past 10 o'clock, the Mouse adjourned till 4 o'clock lliiscvcmng. , ' Hou.sk of Assrmrlv.— Tile Assembly mot at 4 p.iu, yesterday. The business gono. through comprised, among other— tho- pns- sage of the Auditors' Salary Bill ; the Main Roads Construction Bill was postponed for further- consideration till Friday; ' tlie Bankers' Law Amendment Bill was advanced a stage ; and tho Eloctornl Bill was proceeded with, in cominittoo, until the refreshment hour. On tlie House resuming nt 7 o'clock; the Electoral Bill was postponed to enable tho second reading of tho Presbyterian Church Bill lieing proceeded with. After considerable discussion, a division took place on an nmciulnidnt, moved by Mr. Douglas, that the bill be referred to a select committee, . which was negatived by 17 votes to 6 ; and tho bill was accordingly read a second time, its con sideration in committee licing sot down for Friday next. The Electoral Bill was then proceeded with in committee, and con siderable progress was made therein. During tlie debate on tho Presbyterian Church Bill tlio Assembly was full of visitors interested in the measure. Tho Bouse, nt 10.53 p.m., adjourned to 4 o'clock to-day. \ioe Reoal. — Bis Excellency Governor AVold, nccqinpnnicd Lieutcnant-Col. St. Hill and Captain Boddain, arrived by oxpress' yesterday, for the purpose of bciug present at tlm Tasmaninn Pastoral nnd Agricultural Association fthow, to be held to-morrow, A guard of honor, selected from the Lauu ceston detachment of tlio volunteer rcgiinont,' assembled in command of Captain Just, with Lieutenant Hunt as snbaltcrn, in front of tho Public Buildings, at I p.m. They were put through1 their facings, and, headed by tlie garrison band, marched to the Lauu ceston terminus of. the Main Line Railway,' and wero drawn up in lino awaiting' the arrival of His Excellency, . Tho yico regal party wore mot at the Evandalo 'junction by Mr. Lord, manager of tlie Lauuceston aiul Western- Railway, -.and on -tho train reaching the Laiinceston termiims llis Excellency was rcceivod. by, .Mr,. Smith, .managor of that station, Ilia M'orship tlio Mayor, Lieut. -.Col,' Home, aiul a largo concourse of. burgesses, the faii; 8ox boing a prominent feature. Three chooWworo givon l>y thoso assembled, and acknowledged by Mis Excellency, who was jioxt'rcccived by the guard of honor, which, accompanied by his suite and Captain Just, ho inspected. The Governor, accompanied1 by his|Buite aiul His v Worship the! Mayor; thoii drove to tho Brisbano Hotol .where he will take up his quarters during his stnynb the north. The voltmtcor detachment,, headed by the band, marched: through tlio principal : strcots/Vdiu oil reaching tlie Public Buildings 'wero' 'dismissed,— Launccs- on CoriespoiHlont.'' : , TAMmNbDowNA'iTjAn.NCKSTpN.'r tbcrq arrivetl in towii from one of tlio country districts; "a .shepherd possessed' of VbulUy cheque, ; wliich be at once proceeded to liquify in tho orthodox ntannor; : During his peratn- lmlntions froin ono pnhlichoiiso to 'another, bo was accosteil hy two. ancient syrons, and, accepted an: invitation to sup at their house.' The two, fair creatures jibed tho "gcntlo shopliord" very freely witli the nectar of Bncohus, and at Inst lie succumbed to the diviqe influences of that god and his drowsy coadjutor,; Morpheus. . When the shepherd awoko hexF morning, ho. found himself in a haro and dilapidated room, his bedding and kit gono, and pockets relieved of all bis money — no ineoiiRidorablo amount. He seeks, but cahiiot- find, his fairy residents, and will have to go back to his pipe, post and rail ten, and stringy. bark- mutton', inconsol able for the curtailment of his spree. — Lauu- .ceston Correspondent.';- : ' -.'h'; Clark's Gaiktv- Group, — There-, was a decided' improvement in tlie attendance in the .Tasmaiiian Hall Inst night, VlieniMr. Clark's very .pleasant ,littlo entertainment appeared to 'give general 'satisfaction: All tlio.'Wonderiul ; tricks: and' fonts wore Very- cleanly performed by Mr. Silvcstor, Mdlle, Naomi, and M. Voltiuro; and Miss Noi-dt's I- musical contributions were, again received, with inucbgrattfichtidh; "The entertainment | will be repeated this ovening. jj Tiikatiu: Roval. — Boucicault's fovorito and well-knuwn drama . uf tho Colleen Bawn" was reproduced last evening before a Intgo and appreciative nudiouco. Tho yurious characters woro sustained by tho .several members of the company in a very efficient maimer. A8Myles-na-Coppuleen Mr. Wheat- leigli gave tlie truest version of that warm hearted peasant we have had the pleasure uf witnessing since the days of Collins, who. made Myfe's ' one of his favorite impersona tions, Mr. Whcatieigh, by his admirable and natural acting, presented the audience with both sidos of tho character,' the humorous aud pathetic. Many actors that wc havo seen personate Myles havc made him only 'an ignorant balloon, but in the hands of an artist like Mr. Whcatieigh lib becomes what he ought to 1>e, ' a geuial fellow, who, beneath a veil of dry humor, conceals a very sorrowful heart. Mr. Barry's Danny Man was a capital performance, us was also Mr. Byrne's Jlardress Cregan. Wo would, however, remind Mr. Cottier that Carry Kinchelca and Mr. Corrigau arc not ono and the same person, as he undoubtedly seoms to think thoy arc ; they ought, at least, to have a dillcrcnt dress ami mnko up. Miss Earl makes a really capital Eily, and Miss Sylvester allowed great improvement upon her previous efforts as tSheluh. To morrow evening the " Flying Scud" will bp again produced, . and on Thnrsd:ty ovening Mr. \\\ huatlcigh takes his benefit, when two now comedies will bo presented, namely, " Forbidden Fruit " and " Two can play nt tiiat Oamo." As he has established himself as a prime favorite here, wo expect to see a buiujior house. lIonsswiiirrmtM Bbwauk, — Thero is a tradesman in Luunccstmi who, if ho 1ms i\ diflferouce of opinion with anyone, will threaten them with a horsewhipping, ami on one occasion, T believe, lie carried hi promise , into clVcct. He- has on his hooks a innii whom' T shall call John , Smith", and sum moned that individual'for tho amount due. The hailifT, however,' served the summons upon another John Smith, and the latter called upon the tradesman " wanting to know yuu. know." The explanation was asked for in very forcible language, ami aroused the ire of the trader, wiio told John Smith No. 2. that lie would horsewhip him. ' You'll horsewhip ino ; will you ?" said John — " take that 1" and John, who is of small stature, butted tlie trader — a large-sized in dividual by the way — caught him by tho legs, and threw libit nvcrlioard. An action for an assault is now spoken of. — Launecstou Correspondent. Richmond Snow.— A syecial meeting of the committee' of the' Richmond Show is announced to bake place at the Lennox Arms, Richmond, nt, 3 p.m. oil Friday next. iMadamb Tasua'h Conuihits.— Since the visit of Madame Arabella Goddard there has hot been a pinmstc in the Australias possess ing such talent as Madame Carlolta Tasca, K.S.A., K. A.M'. .Wo notice that her season in tins city will consist of four nights, the first bcinj,' Monday, the 23rd. The vocalists ' who assist tho groat .instrumentalist are Mdlle. Rosaly Mertz, froin the Grand Opera House, Berlin — who has gained high favor inMclbuiirnc since her nrrival a few weeks since — aiul Mr. J, K. Down, a tenor of good repute ; and! Mr. Huinpton. One of the features of tlio season, and a very sterling one too, is tho fact that jiojmlur pricos are announced instead of' the almost exclusive tariir which is universally charged when high talent visits us. Unitijd Youncj Mhn's Chuistian Associ ation.— A very successful meeting of tho Vonng Men's Christian Association was lield; in the Freemasons Hall last evening, Mr.' T. Cane being in tlie chair. The chairman staled thnt tlio object of tho meeting was to receive the report of. suh-conimitteo np- pointed for the jiurpose of securing suitablo promises for the Association. Tho report, > which was a very satisfactory one, was read, and after a large amount of discussion, was adopted. The meeting was then adjourned for a fortnight. The Bible class will assem ble at tlio present rooms, . nt S o'clock on Thursday evening next. " D'Aruv Rn.urs Ghost.— This . pleasing entertainment was repeated last night, ofor'e a very fair audience, who, by their frequent applause, seemed highly delighted at the .antics of, the :mauy phantoms that. appeared upon tlie scene. . .\V« would remind our readers that this is positively tho last week tho Ghost will npjieav in Hobart Town, and we strongly advise those who would like .to pass a pleasant and enjoyable evening not to miss this opportunity of witnessing D'Arcy Read's Ghost. There will bo no jiublic, per formance of tlie Ghost this evening, ' Erratum. — Our Launcoston Correspondent tolegrajihs that he was iti error in stating that the late Mr. John Barrott had occupied a scat in the Municipal Council of Laiinces ton. . Steam to Adelaide.— A South Austra lian ' correspondent of the "Dovon Herald" again urges reasons why tlio T'.S.N. Co. should run a boat between Launcestoii and Adelaide. He says: — "Tho Adelaide Steamship Company have . raised the fares to ' Melbourne, so that is another reason why the T.S.N. Co. should endeavour to put a boat on the lino front Launcestoii during the summer months. Jf this were done, and re turn tickets available for two months at a reasonable rate procurable, it is gcnornlly thought numbers would avail thcmsclvos of tho opportunity thus afforded. Iain afraid, however, that juntas the T.S.N. Co. allowed the New Zealand traffic to fall into the hands of McMcckau and Co,, so this chance \vill bo lost to a.Tnsmaniau proprietary." . A Snor Window Smashed. — Yesterday morning a valuable sheet of plato glass, form ing a portion of tho window to tlio establish ment of Mr. F. Moore, in Murray-street, was' destroyed in a strange manner.' A carter was driving n borso and dray, heavily laden with firewood, up to Mr, Finlayson's, which is a few doors ulxivo Mr, Moore's, but when opposito the latter's shop the animal stopped, being unnble to make any further progress.. It commenced backing on to1- the footpath, aml; in spite', of; the exortions-of the driver, tiic 'curt collided with tho window, :coin- plctcly demolishing the glass, and framework. BATTLE WITH A NATIVE HYENA. — The " Examiner's " Branxholm correspondent writes :— One day last week Mrs. Beswick, who resides about a mile from the Brothers' Home, was a short distance from her house. Hearing a noise in the direction of the house she proceeded thither, and to her surprise found her three children (the eldest about ten years of age) had been at war with a native hyena. It appears the children went into the fowl house, and there was his royal highness. They shut the door and the battle commenced. You may guess what a scrimmage there was. The animal made a dart for the face of one of the children, when the boy, only about five years old, pluckily laid hold of it by the tail and held it while his sisters pegged away at it and killed it. It certainly was a courageous act for one so young, and considering the savage nature of the animal. WEST COAST. — The "Examiner's" Circular Head correspondent, writing on Wednesday, says :—Three more travellers, Messrs. Cas- tray and Wilson, have arrived overland from Macquarie Harbor and the Pieman River along the coast, and are staying here for the Devon to proceed to Launceston, en routo to Hobart Town, but intend returning again. They speak well of the prospects of the tin mines, and consider the country to be highly auriferous, and have brought up some speci- mens. They saw the Welcome Home be- tween Whale's Mead and Sandy Cape, and she would certainly be off the Pieman that night. The anchor of the barque Rebecca, wrecked some years back, from Glasgow to Sydney, was observed on a rock, but nothing else belonging to the ill-fated ship. 