NEWS OF THE DAY. A THIRD EDITION of The HEBAib will he published this evening at as early an hour as possible after the drawing of the stumps in the match Australian Eleven > ; jrS?S?. o — i . , aies. ic .via contain a lull re port of that match, and also reports of tho local cricket matches— S. M.C.C; v. E.MiC.C., Carlton C. C. v. M.C.C., and 'Civil Service C. C. v. Richmond C. C.— as well as a report of the running match between I'lnnlr Hewitt and C. Inman, and nny other intelligence that may be obtainable up to the hour of going to press. As news of the bushrangers may be expected any hour, our correspondents liavo been instructed to forward it lip to the very latest moment. : The prisoners David Henry and William Ireland aro still confined in the Melbourne . Gaol, but will probably be transferred to Pentridge Prison in tlie oi dinaryi course. Their hair is cropped close, their beards aro shaved . off, and they aro attired in the prison dress. Both men are confiuod separately, as they would beat Pentridge, and are subjected to as strict discipline as they would be at the . latter place. They are obliged to use the prison fnro, and are employed in picking oakum.. , Tho prisoners are in all respects treated as ordinary criminals sentenced to long terms of imprison, incut for felonies or misdemeanors. Russia appears intent on picking a qu'-vc'| with England, and seeing no possible niieans of doing so, she has made Quettah. 'the bone of contention. Why Quetlcah, above all places, should be objecteil.tn.'is a mystery, as it is not in the territory of the Ameer of Afghanistan, but belongs to'Khelat. A British Resident has be en stationed there for some years past, and, 'at the request of tho Ivhan of Khclat, a small British force lias been located at Quettali, under the command of Major Sandeman, the British Resident. Quottah commands n good route into the interior of Afghanistan, and it is from this placo that one of tho British invading forces into Afghanis tan has inarched and achieved such great success. Tho invading of Afghan istan by threo expeditionary columns seems to 'have nonplussed tho wily Muscovite, and the ill-success that has attended tlie Ameer's forces seems to have incited Russia into interference Although tlie Russian troops lie on the other side of tho Balkli Mountains, which are im. passable at this time of the year, yet a large force could be sent into Afghanistan by Russia by taking tho routo south of the Balkh Mountains, without mooting with the diffioitl ties of snow-stopped passes, To-day, being St. Andrew's Day, was observed as a holiday in the Law Courts. Arrangements wore mado for a visit to-day, by tlie Minister of Lands to the Richmond rope walk, but it hadtobepostjioned, inconsequence of other business unavoidably engaging Mr Longmoro's attention. An appeal to the Supremo Court is to bo made in the notion of M'Auliffe v Waxmnn, which was recently henrd in the County Court, and which attracted some public notice at the time. It is said that the defendant lias procured somo new evidence which will throw fresh light upon the case. The Brunswick division of the Liberal con stituency of East Bourko Boroughs has cer tainly had its quota of promises for several grants of money from Ministers of the Crown, but us yet has not received any portion of the amounts so liberally promised. A sum of £520 was promised towards the now town-hull, but not received ; £1500 was promised by Mr Ciithbert's predecessors for tho erection of a post_ and telegraph office ; but when a deputation waited upon that gentlgman regarding it, he stp.fyjd lie could not fin " nny nicmoramlum to that effect 7.T, form.0!' deputation that £10M J i1,1'1' placed,011 1'10 supplementary estimate, flll,> purpose, hich, however, has not vi«m L' done. A jW" of iloOO was also pr,,,;,: ,ten filling up t»." 0 <1 dangerous .inarra |!'> This sum, flistcx f being used fin- ii,„ Cs' pose, was allowed rn ''e absorbed by ei, JJ!"' Council in cutting down streets, etc 1 when Mr l'atterson .Wiis Waited upon 'i, " feronce to it, he promised n ''e' £800; which was not granted, owi,,„ the unemployed being put to work ninom. quarry boles. The quarries in lJarksiil« -J: in which life has been lost, are still to lie m',- up, and it is said a site is reserved for n i! school at the corner of Kutluluqvn anil P i side streets, close to these holes, which , caused by the Government; or rather it i -I tlie Government received the rent 'fra. .|,sa The Brunswickors do not consider 'tl, being lightly treated. J ari! m The half-yearly meeting of tlie sli-n-»i„ 1 1 a of the Colonial Mutual Life Assur.,',, c„ J,1'"1" pany, announced for igion tliis day H from the non- attcndnnco of a sulllc'ient ,|)sc<' H ber to form a quorum. The niecLimr H cordingly postponed till Thursdaylm-xt. K' fj A young man, named Frank TuhMm 11 clinrged at the City Police Court, to-dav AY II having attempted to stub Mr White tl„. ' , 'SI builder, in Swanston street. TlS fefiCl1" 1 wore sworn to in evidence, were lli'iiu,, . ' H ner went to Mr White's place of lim.;, ,'"lw' I terday, and .asked him for work, Mi-wr?" k told him he liad none to give, and iiiforine.li- V that he was told that prisoner was ,,T ll,11" I maker, as he represented himself tube' vy" $ soncr then insisted on Ah- ' u-i -n" S telling him the name of the ti son who gave him this inform, n S On Mr White refusing to doso, S ' '?» | caine abusive. Mr Whito told him to B of 1ns promises, and on his persisting tn\l»i" m liini, and refusing to leave the oremise w White seized him hy tho collar, S f„r deavorod to eject him. While in the set "of I doing so, prisoner took fa bowie knife 0„t „t B his pocket, and attempted to stab Ar White i who fortunately got out of the way am| ti. ' i! seized n piece of wood to defend himself with I Mr Cavanagh was present, and witnessed I the whole transaction, and, in cominnv with Mr White followed prison S & had escaped, and arrested him at somo ,liV ? tancc from Mr White's factory. Mr iA, ' appeared for the defence, and endeavored to S show that Mr Wlnte laid used greater force S than lie should have, and prisoner, in seif ? defence, drew the knife out of his pocket l„,i 1? did not open the blade. Mr Alston j p |! considered the charge a very grave one' 'and i that there was sufficient evidence to shew' t'hat ' the offence had been committed, and murder £ might have been done. Under these circtuu » stances, he sent him for throe months to gaol ' | A notorious scoundrel, named James Kenny \ was brought before the City magistrates to-day £ on a charge, of brutally assaulting his wife tlie K day before yesterday. Tbe evidence of the %' wife was most pitiful. She luul been struck U over the eye, and a groat mark across her face K wnspcrceptiblc. Hewasconstantly intheliaidtof H nssnulting her, and she led a most watched ffi life with him. The prisoner liad no means of li livelihood, and the family was supported hy jt? his father. Constable Hutchinson said that S the prisoner was a notorious criminal, bavin m served several sentences for larceny"® and was . brought up before tlie courtft; more than once on i a charge oEf assaulting his wife. " Mr Hill, the coin-?® visitor, also informed tlie bench that the® character of tlio prisoner was any tiling hut good,! and narrated instances of how lie liad been! brought up before. Mr Alston, .T.l'., ennsiderti tbe action a most unmanly one, and thnt the iri( soner was a disgrace to humanity. He had hail': opportunities of reforming, but as he did not) avail himself of theso opportunities, he sent tenced him to six months' imprisonment, with" hard labor, and to find n security of 650, oj the expiration of that time, for future good behaviour. E An able-bodied seaman, of the ship CaledoJ avns charged at tho instance of the captain ol that vessel with refusing to perform his work- on board the ship. Mr Read defended, mil urged tlint a sum of £7 was due to prisoner, mil suggested that the captain should discharge prisoner on giving him one pound of that sum, nn offer which the captain accepted, f William Corrigan was brought up, at tlie City Police Court, to-day, on a charge of usiiij bail lnnguage to Mr Delbridge, the clerk 9 works at the Parliament buildings, and ofc structing the other workmen. Prisoner prS miscd faithfully never to interfere with Mt Delbridge again ; nnd on this promise Hi. Alston, J.P., discharged him with a caution, George Edward Bisli, late rate collector, ft; tho Borough of Sandridge, was charged, at the local court yesterday, with embezzling variofij sums of money belonging to the Council. Iff warrant had been issued for prisoner's anefei for a defalcation of ten pounds, but it is statnu further sums havo since been found out. He u'M. remanded till Thursday next; bail allowed, lift not forthcoming. Prisoner was removed ft Melbourne gaol. fb On the 21st February, 187G, a crowd of I!' rikjnB broke into and demolished the cor# ration dog-house, on the banks of tlie Yarrt and released 23 dogs that were awaitiS execution, if not previously claimed; . Most of tho animals were recaptured mil handed over to Dr Girdlestone for snake-bife experiments, but tlie house was' not if built. The provisions of the act weS allowed to fall into desuetude, aid aa a consequence, " vagrom " don have recently become posts, and tho coimcS has determined on arresting all dogs found wandering in tlie streets. At an expenditui of £100, a new dog-house has been built on t!| Yarra bank, near the baths, ami theri yesterday anil this morning, sixty six dogs, of all ranks and degrees, expiated tli' offences of their owners. IfAlthoiigh some of: tlie animals slaughtered were of a very v.aluahi; description, -it is strange that only one (t poodle) was claimed. It maybe that tli owners were unaware that tlie act was again being enforced. As an interesting fact, it may be mentioned, that of the dogs destroyed only two were of the feminine gender. j Dr Bellew'8 account of the Afghan anny il rather contemptuous. It consists, lie says, of : a standing army and a militia. "The former comprises some seventeen or eighteen re: incuts of infantry, dressed, drilled, and; equipped in imitation— a sorry one though ffi be — of tlie .Ibvti.-lii a'rmy, whose ca'st-oft nig condemnnrll clothing they buy up on thefi mitifc j stntoioiis of India and ndopt as their unifonS . . . . Besides these there are three or fofi regiments of light dragoons, got up after tw same model, and also a force of artillery wm perhaps a total of 100 pieces of cannon, cliicff of brass and home-made. The Afghans havj however, a few iron guns, hut they areveryoj and rusty, and probably as dangerous to tlieit selves as to their enemies." | A fire broke out at two this morning on tB premises of MrBnrtlett, bootmaker, ToorS roiid. Much surprise was expressed at the fag '. that while tho flames raged ami a crowd hag been drawn, there came no sound from ta fire-bell at the Prnhrnn Town Hall. It did nj speak until twenty minutes after the firebegai and tho explanation was, that the electro . apparatus fitted for ringing it would not worjl I Therefore a man had to clmnbeiy up 1 i the bell, and ring it by knocking, t# i tongue against tha side.. The brigiKl were, of course, delayed in turning ; for want of an alarm, and the fire would nl ! donbtedly . have been frightfully destructn i bad there been a high wind. The crowd gas almost helplessly upon it. Another contretcm; occurred with tlie South Yarra brigado. lm could not find the key of the engme-liou door, and it had to he smashed open. Ij! . premises were entirely gutted, and tlie c, mated damage is, over the amount of insurant £375. Tho place is wood and brick, anil a Bnrtlctt is unable to account for the lire- spread to Mr Pollard's drapery shop on « side, nnd Mr Ogg'a, chemist, on the other, i Melbourne, Pruhran, and SouthYnrrn linip however, get well into play on these cdince and they wero saved, with a damage underiw Mr Pollard's differed the worst. Loth tne shops wero of a substantia) character, ana torposed a barrier to the flames. The Right Rov. Dr. Moorhouse is nniesj11 to preach at Holy Trinity Church, Ow1, to-morrow evening, at seven jxin. Aitei' sermon a collection will be mado on he'11", the parochial fund. Thoro is no ilouin the attondajice will ho very large on tho ca sion. The AVilliamstown Advertiser writes are informed on good authority that a on a most unexpected character is likely, nl ,. few days, to he put upon the lawless nm graceful proceedings which have taken l at the instigation of the Melbourno Trust in their attempts to take posscwW- Wright and Orr's Dock. It is high tnue Government stopped in and abolished . . which has proved itself to bo utterly - excepting as a " free-trade ring, and » 11 , of support to tbo law-and-order part). ( arc not at liberty to disclose at 1 ' j steps that will bring thin miserable shauii 1 :i pi.ti1 licnrinffH, iinil leach the incihlnll'H i-'mt llicy cannot ho jjennitted longer to defy and onlVnifc propriety. The Harbor Trust Commission have with drawn the lnrge pontoon from the entrance to the (lock, apparently satisfied that the substan tial barricade they iinve erected across thognte is'sulllcient to prevent any aggressive move ment Oil the part of Messrs Wright and Orr. A number of .men, apparently "disinterested on-lookcrs, have been hanging jdiont the locality all the morning, but from their appearance and manner they arc, without doubt, placed there for a purpose, tho import of which is not at present very clear, but it is supposed for the sake of leiulingijielping hand in the matter, idiould any decisivo measures lie adopted by the proprietors of the dock. Yet another burglary in the suburbs was reported at the Detectivo Ollico this morning, between 11 p.m. _ last night and (i tins morning, the premises of Mr llichnrd Hanks, draper, of Clarendon street, Emerald Hill, were forcibly entered from tliu back, the door being opened by "leans of a "jimmy," and drapery woods abstractcdjto tlio value of about £50. The police arc making in(|uirics, and as the pro perty '9 mostly identifiable, it may be hoped the thief will be soon apprehended. Tlic llallarat Courier records a cruel "sell." Our comtcmporary writes: — We see that Mr Stephen Byrne, formcly of Ballarat, acted a agent for the opera bonire company in Queens land, and that when the company terminate 1 the season they presented Mr Byrne with a testimonial. Tins consisted of a purse, np parently containing a largo sum of money, but on opening it, Mr Byrne found only £G anil s-ime odd silver and " flash" notes for £205. Mr Byrno is by 110 means ploased with the de ception, the more especially as it was mninl,- owning to his exertions that tlic season was s > successful. The Kyneton Guardian states that on Wednesday afternoon, about half-past sir o'clock, 5lr Michael Kelly, blacksmith, whs lias for about 1(1 years resided in Kyneton, met with ids death in a very sudden manner. Ho was proceeding 011 horseback from his shop in Baynton street, to his resi dence at Boggy Creek, and hall occasion to call at Mrs Mifflin's baker's shop in Piper's street, On leaving the simp his horse, which was a spirited one, shied at a little dog that rushed into the road and bit its hind feet, and began " bucking." Mr Kelly lost all control over the animal, and was thrown off upon his head, receiving such in juries that Ills death was instantaneous,' Mi- Kelly, who was well-known as a most indus trious and respectable tradesman, was only forty-two years of age, and leaves a wife and live children to mourn their loss. Two men (shearers 110 doubt) mounted on good but evidently tired-out horses, and with heavy swags, came into town yesterday even ing from the westward. A person who saw them declares to us(Geclong Advertiser) that they bore a remarkable resemblance to the Kellys as they nppcarin the illustrated papers, 'We nttacli but little importance to tlio story, yet it is extremely probable, if the Kellys after abandoning their horses got remounts, that they would make their way if possible to the seaboard, with the hope of being able to get out of the country. The police at all the seaport towns, therefore, cannot bo too vigilant at the present time, especially if it should turn out that the Bennlla constables have once more . been led astray by false reports as to the where abouts of the murderers. According to the Willinmstown Advertiser, a board of inquiry is to bo appointed to investi gate several charges preferred against the master of the Government steamer Pharos by tlio steward of that vessel. Pending the hear ing of the case the latter has been suspended from duty. A Washington paper tells an amusing story of a worthy Protestant clergyman who, 011 his first visit to tho capital of tho United States, endeavoured to enter the Senate House. He was promptly stopped by an official, who de manded whether he was privileged to enter, by being either a governor, an ex-inemher of Congress, or a foreign minister. "lam a minister," replied the clergyman. "Of what Court and country demanded the janitor. "Of heaven," was tlio reply, "Our Govern ment entertain no relations whatever with ' that country," drily observed thot door-keepers Heferring to the Intercolonial Rifle contest, the Sydney Echo writes The defeat of the r«cw South Wales rifleman by their brethren from A'ictoria is not very flattering to us. Our tusn have been beaten by Kill points, the re spective scores being—' Victoria 4-157, New South Wales 4291. And they have been worsted not only with the Martini-Henry rifle, with the use of which the Victorians are most familiar, but tlic have proved themselves inferior in skill with the Henry rifle, to which they are most accus- .tnmcd._ With the former weapon they wer : 110 points behind their rivals, and with the latter 50, apparently showing that they are decidedly the least skilful of tho two teams. Another point is interesting as showing the relative merits of the two kinds of rifles used. The Victorians made 2256 points with the Martini-Henry rifle as against 2201, which they scored with tlio Henry. Oil the other hand, our' men scored 2151 'With the Henry rifle, wliilo they, made only 21-10 with the Martini-Henry. The total scores with the Martini-Henry were 4396, nnd'with the Henry 4352, which proves -that the difference in precision between these firearms is very slight indeed. As for the defeat of our men, we can very readily find a cause in the diminished enthu siasm resulting from the disorganisation of the Volunteer Porce to which wc referred a \- day or two ago. In olden times, when volunteering was popular, our riflemen proved _ themselves victorious 011 some occasions ; and in time to come they will doubtless be able to turn the tables on their Victorian com petitors. As it is now, Private Nelson, with 237 points, and Colour-sergeant Honey, with ' 236 points, headed the Victorian two top scores of 233 points; and if the shooting of the New. South Welshmen had been more equal to these scores, they would have achieved a victory. As it is, however, they will not deny the laurels of victory to their opponents; but while cheer fully according these, will hope for a more agreeable result of the next contest. The Golden Crown will make her usual trip to Queenscliff and Sorrento to-morrow, leaving the Saudridge Railway Pier at 11 a.m., and sailing from Sorrento 011 the return journey at 4 p.m. The time-table of "the Crown" is now published, and from it it will be observed that, in addition to the Sunday trips, tlio steamer . makes trips to Queenscliff and Sor- ronso on Mondays and Thursdays, leaving the Saudridge Railway Pier at 10 a.m., and 011 Saturday to the same places, leaving Snnd- ridgo at 1.35 p.m. On Wednesday next it is announced that the Golden Crown will vary her trip by travelling down tho eastern shore -of the liny, calling at Hclinappor Point, Dro- mana, and Sorrento, and returning by the same route. At the Town Hall this evening, the Prince of Lecturers, tho Rev. Charles Clark, lias to make his first appearance ' for his farewell season in Melbourne prior to returning to England to rejoin the ministry. On this occasion Mr Clark will give, for the first time at tlic Town Hall, bis lecture 011 Lord Macaultiy. Mr David Lee will perform some organ selections. As tlic prices fixed are 011 tho.lowest scale, in order that everyone may have an opportunity of hearing the talented lecturer, a great audience may be ex pected. In consequence of tho hall being therwiso engaged, there will be no performance l>y the city organist this evening. Mr niul Mrs Baldwin's anti-spiritualisti ' entertainment at St. Georgo's Hall is as we attended as ever. The slate-writing a la Slad j will be repeated for the last timo this evening. and on Monday there will bo a change of pro gramme. Tho performance of the Bolls of Cornevllle, at tlio Academy of Music this evening, will b witnessed by Lady Bowen and suite. Tli opera since its first production has graduall increased in publje favor, and is now witnesao by lnrge crowds nightly. Mr S. Emery took his benefit and mode his last appearance nt tiio Theatre Royal last evening, when there was a crowded house. This evening the Lancashire Lnss will be repro duced. Miss Ada Ward is announced to ap pear shortly. Mr D'Arcy Read's Ghosts are still gam bolling at tho Athenieum Hall overy evening, much to the amusement of tho crowds of per sons who assemble to witness their perform ances. There will be a change of programme tins evening. Still Waters Run Deep was played at tlio Trinccss's Theatre last evening, and Mr Tnvnres, ns usual in high-class comedy, de lighted bis audience. This evening a now drama, entitled Tliroo Christmas Nights ; or, tlio Murder at tlio Old Mill, will bo pro duced. This evening our Scottish fellow-colonists tvlU no doubt assemble at tho Opera House in | force, to witness tlio Jiorformarice rif the dra matised version of Sir Walter.' Scott's Lady of im '!' winch Mr Hamilton and Mr >\ lieatloigh have boon appearing so success fully lately, rho programme, however, will be n Hpecinl one, fchi.s being St. Andrew's day, niul some prize performances on the Highland pipes, and noine prize fling and swArd dancing will he introduced. The entertainment will conclude with the comedy, A Bull in a China bhopt The attention of tho tnemberaof tiieri'moerLodgj No. J, I.O.G.T., and tho onlor pciioratly, Is called to nn advertisement notifying, tho funo.ul of IJro. I hos. Murray, fenior, which is to Ioa?o hi son's rcMdcnc, s.tnwc)l street, llothain, uwuutow (suu- un.v) ril throo o'clock. >Ve havo received from Mcis's Trocoiel and Co., of Bydney, a copy of a now niuaiunl publication, written and composed in honor of the Australia i Orlckotora entitled "Our Ablo, Plucky Teun." It his boon song at tlio Thoatro Royal, .Syduey, with groat succfss. 1 0 Wo havo rccolvcd from Mr M. L. Hutchinson tho materials for a now parlor or chlldrou s gaiuo, en titled Cyprus Tho game is an intorcstinr ono for tho iitt.o folks. Also, from the samo puhllshor. Nos. 82 and 33 of tho Weekly Wcic nio-:i handsomely illustrated family journal, published by Partridgo and Co., of PiitornostorRow. Wo havo rocotvod the catalogues of Mr Sautuoi Gardiner's onwual salo of cattio and horses to bo held at Bundaroo Park. Bundaroo, ou Tuesday, 31st December. We have also received the catalogues of Mcfsrs Robortson Bros '« salo of cattio, to ho held at Cob c en Friday, 3rd January, 1878. Thcso cata logues aro nicely Illustrated and handsomely boutid. 