FACTS AND SCRAPS. (From, the Papers.) ' Fues are entertained of Hie loss of the bog I Heather Bell, whi-& left Sydney for the Soatia T Seas in Angnst last, and has not since been I heard oL i Cases of hoosefanakiiig axe becoming very ' frequent in Sydney. Ait attempt was made on Saturday night, 21st September, to break ; into the store of Mason Brothers, at CSrcniar i Quay, bat the barman tailed. t The Minister for Works of Xew Sootfi ; Wales refnsed, on the 4ib instant, to indicate the proposed route of the railway into Sydney, as sjiecnlators irere TnttcJimg the surveyors i for the purpose of baying op the land. I Subscriptions in aid of the family of Sergeant Waitings, who was killed at Dnbbo. are arriv ing in Sydney from all parts of Kew South Wales. TUe body of a man has been found at Wal gett. Kew South Wales, bidden beneath a sheet of galvanised iron, at a deserted bome ; stead at Mddribee Station, Banron River. Reports from Charters Towers to 2nd 1 Instant state that a crushing of 145 toss from tiie Queen sooth-west has yielded 136 ox. gold; 142 tons from the Queen prospecting claim, 59 oz.; 33 tons from tiie Foiget-me- Not, crashed 67 oz.' and crushing from t^*** Koctfa. . Australian Kb. 3 north yielded SS9 oz. of gold. * A child, eighteen months old, was drowned in a *~^r*k ©? board &*& JmT''fT*ant vessel Smyrna now in Sydney harbour on 20th September. : Mr- James M'Gnigaii, confcricfcor, of Mel bourne has diECOTeFed a principle by which j large gnus can be accurately sighted by * person in a position of security at a convenient distance from the gun. A mfflns of accom ; p|icTiroir Has end is said to be already known to the Imperial military ant^wr^'»fi, but ; whether the mrfhods are idecticxL or whether * one has any advantage ;over the other or not, Jesse Sbepbanl cootizmes k»c fyrfarr*3-' £n Sydney at a guinea each for admission. Hie says that he will make the critics who have assaued him eat their own words before be has been long among them. The wheat crops round Afiora are looking remarkable well, and entirely new from met. The Bev. Mr. Varley, since his amval in Sydney, preached to great assemblages. He fe a plain, outspoken, and most earnest man. Ko&iog; objectionable has been found eo £u* m his preaching. Lady Robinson and party attended the calico ball on Tuesday night, Still September, and about 1000 persons were present. The ball was siren at the Exhibition ftiiWfng in aid of the Infants' Home, at A Afield. Mr. Ahem, ©T BlackalL has forcraxded to the Board of Enquiry a quantity of seeds of flip patnicum deoonipositum, a semi-aQuatiic or swamp grass, which is known in the Cooper's Creek, Diamantina, as a valuable fodder grass of highly faH-j-niniT quality- It is hoped a congenial habitat will be found for this valu able grass on some of the inside rans. Mr. Morgan. Crown Lands Banger, ha? dis covered the skeleton of a man near the Moss man River, supposed to be the remains of 3 Chinaman lost there in March last. John Tiles, a bonded warebonseman in Svdnev, is insolvent. Hik ti^i-HKjTj^ art} £5700 with assets £3000. 'A story is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public-house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on bis way home. ** Wha are you !'* said the gold man, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. 'lam Auld Kick,^ was the t' Come awa, man,' said John, r» daunted ; ' £ie~£ * *-ba^f* ©'your hand new light recently erected on Penguin _, Eivoii Say, South Australia, was exhibited on Tuesday night, 1st October. It was visible at a distance of fourteen miles. There are six great ocean steamships in Sydney Harbour, \rfuch absorb all shipments, rendering all sailing vessels entirely unprofit able. The character «f the trade of the port is entdrelv clianpiiiu. Mr. Warden Hodgkmson wired t3ie Coder ' Secretary that a great reaction in mining matters is noticeable on the Eiheridge. Three machines are now (4th October) in full working and a fourth is being erected. The action narrated in the following para graph might be judiciously followed xnQneens- ' land on the arrival of Immigrant vessels : — The Scotch imminrants who arrived by the Largs Bay at Adelaide were entertained by the St. Andrews Society on the evening of the 23rd September. The proceedings were most satisfactory, and the immigrants expressed their gratitude to their fellow conntryuieo for the hospitable nature of the reception. As proof of tuetapid strides made in the literary world, it is worthy of note that there are published in Victoria 151 journals ; in Kew South Wales, IIS ; South Australia, 39; T^Trmyiia^ 12 ; Western Australia, 3 - Queens land, 4S; Kew Zealand, 96: Polynesia, 6; and New Caledonia, 3 ; making a total of 476 newspapers. In Melbourne alone there ace 3G. The following advertisement, dated 37th September, appeals in the Logan WUnf^m : — Several business men in Beenleigh are witting to transfer their Accounts to any Bank that will commence business and keep a stock of Silver, so as to oblige their customere with The ' Vagabond ' has returned from Kew Caledonia. He is going about with bis arm ~ bandaged and darkly hinting ^»at 'those IvanaL-a* are awful fellows.' A new monthly called tiie An*traiinn has been issued in .Sydney. More than ordinary literary ability is displayed in its pages. JDr. Manning ably defends, in the press, the clause inrthig new dmacy Rill introduced into the Assembly of Kew Sooth Wales, giving own booses 'without bringing frh*'m into public court. The Assembly, however, refeses to enact such a. t\am»l and Dr. Manning's Ifttfff hati proved ineffectual. 