THE DEAD ALIVE. The Harvard Courant published a short while ago a remarkable story relating to an -application for the payment oi an in surance policy by the wifo of the insurer, who was represented to her to be deacl but whom the life insurances believed to be still living. The statement of the : Courant was to the effect that in May HS69, William Wackerle,'. then a resident: ef Detroit, took out a policy in the Etna j Insurance Company. for SOOOdols. payable! to his wife, Walbnrga Wackerle, in the : <event of his' death. Wackerle and his wife lived a cat andedog sort of a life, ;and he left her soon after the policy was taken out, emigrating to this State. She, hew- ever, followed. andQie was persuaded ia: some way to return. The couple took up their abode in. Quincy, 111., in ISIS. They, remained there but. a short time, WaehcrM again abandoning '-her ancl going south, j Airs Wackerle believed her husband dad gone to Texss, :anS slie hastened thither; in search of Mm, .arid learned what .-she) professed to Believe tthe news of his death: on the Texas Pacific aailroad bybeimgarun; over a by twin: Affidavits to this hffecfc; were secured by ihsr, ancl ' she applied! for the payment <of the policy on! her husband's life. The agents oi -the; Etna Company, .on investigation, <dis-; covered that the persons who had :madei affidavits to ifche death of Wackerle,. were) in general freemen, and did not know W what they were swearing. They 'also: obtained counter ;affiSavits from some' of the officers of the road, including the ;£»re-; man of the gang iin which the mari skilled: was employed, do the effort thathisAame; was Frank Ettine. The Insurance 'Gam-: ;pany consequently refused to pay the jpolicy. Mrs Wackerle. then commeinied.a .-suit in Louisiana against-ilie Compaiiyc-&nd; the jury gave her a verdict. The case .was ' -.curried on the Supreme Gourt, and is mow .pending a hearing. Reports of the dribfl came to the hearing of Joseph Weinmaam, oflFaribault, Mann, who .was intimately;' acquired with Wackerle, sand was First : Lieutenant during the war of the Company ; in-wMch Wackerie had served. He ait; once informed tfike Insurance Company' that Wackerle was living hi California. : Subsequently a®. agent of the Company! calling 011 Weinmann a letter from Wackerle, dated .January, J.S78, wasj shown to Mm, in wMch he 'Wackerle) j stated that he abandoned hV wife at I Quincy Illinois because he was afraid she weald kill Mm for the nolicv on his life. Now ecmies the sequel to this strange case. A short time since Wm. Wackerle, the man claimed by his vwife to be dead, exiled at the Bulletin offioe, and demonstrated that he waaa very substantial kind -of a ghost. He ac well known to many. Wackerle says h& did fly to the South for safety, fearing his wife wovld kill him for the iake of recovering his life insurance. . He. worked for about four months as cook at Kuena Coso, on the 1 Mississippi, earning during that period- enough "'money to pay Ms .way to this state. For the past five years he has been living in Huinbolt country, where he is engaged in raising farm produce. Next day Wackerle left for the East, where he goes at the expense and in the interest of the Etna Company, to satisfy the court of last resort in Louisiana of the fact that he still livethj and that the allegations of his wife are false, and the affidavits in her possession worthless. John Hein and Nicholas Hein, two brothers who served in the same company with Wackerle during the war, are now living in Napa. A photograph was taken in this city some time Ago, in which Lieutenant Weinmann mentioned in the statement of the Howard " Courant") William Wackerle, John Hein, and Nicholas Hein form a group. Here is another illustration that ( Fact is often- stranger than fiction.' Church -r --rr"- english; a-' 0i tuo'.ivv tVvmijgJiis. Lorff tft i . . .1 La jiijffiog, of M eR' bfiurocheid a coufi.-matiou se rvice ia Tliiiiy GLurcft, AVangaiaua., . . : .. j j H'v 