SPIRITUAL SEANCES IN LONDON. by the rkv. Thomas Colley, late of the ■royal Navy. The following account of a seance (one of a private series) we extract from the Medium of November Alio 2nd, 1877, " We": may add that the narrator is a Minister of the Jiurch of England, and the medium a Dr. &Ionek; formerly a Baptist miniat.r .n BnstoI -i dread having to write a report of this esui in»'s seance. The facts that m the mteiest oAruth call for the most sober and serious record., must, in the telling to seem such wild, romancing, mad, and^ino stems (though charitably they may say un conscious) perversions of that truth m w hose interest alone I write (and this at no littl risk of my clerical reputation, and position, and hope of future advancement), must, i say, appear so incredible, and utterly beyond uosaibilitV of belief, that did not some force, compulsory of utterance, irresistibly drive me to make public my recent experiences in Spiritualism, and beget in me a supreme in difference as to the consequences ot my boldness, 1 should stubbornly observe silence regarding these tilings and say m my heart, •'Let the world play the fool, and shut its eves tu the existence of all else beside it, and its vanities, lies, fashions, and fopperies. But, as with the prophets of old, when the burden of the Lord w*s upon them, and they could not choose but speak, so now, as afore time, I cannot, as I could not, cheose but pen what I have seen, though I be quoted a fool for my pains, if not worse (at a. safe distance). . ... Almost, every succeeding seance with our inuer circle is ail advance on the preceding, and develops some new phase of materialisa tion peculiar to itself. Wander eclipses won der, and the niind staggers under the weight of evideuce demonstrable of the fact that spirit-birth from mortal man is a tremendous truth, and afterthought but increases the profound feeling of astonishment at what we ourselves have witnessed, and our hands have realised, and other powers verified, as to the existence of the dead, so called, re stored to, life, not as ghosts or vampires, but as substantial, living, moving, breathing thinking, human beings, endowed with all the attributes of humanity, able to reason, speak, eat, walk about, aud write. This in crease of astonishment of which I speak (sub sequent aud permanent after the marvels which give rise to it have been pondered and thought over seriously, aud sifted in every way) is chronic with us of the inner circle, and common to air who may have joined us. " M. A. (Oxon)," writiug to nie two days after the sitting lw reported last week, says-— It struck me very forcibly that what we saw the other night is a fact so tremendous, so far-reaching iu its issues, that the mind almost refuses to contemplate it. Two new creations in an hour! Two births and deaths, so far as earth is concerned. Whence came they? Whither have they gone? It seems to me that if this is to become (as you sus pect it will become) frequent, if it is to be auything more ilian a most rare and excep tional phenomenon, we shall enter on a totally new epoch, where a new order of thought must prevail. The facts seem tome to transcend any I have seen of the same kiud, and are of imperial import." Three of us sat with Dr. Monck this even ing. I had induced him to observe some iiu wortant maters that appear to aid in the pro duction of t .4 facts to be recorded, the neg lect of which last week, when " M. A. (Oxon.)" was with us, told somewhat against our experiments. But to-night .everything was as it should be, and the light by which our observations were made was found to be endurable by our spirit-friends beyond prece dent, amounting, as the seance progressed, to the full power of the unshaded lamp ou the table, not two yards from the medium where the psychic figures camo into view, showing most clearly at times the mystic cord that fibred the spirit-form aud medium together, till severed by tlie arm of the latter under superior control. At times, also, the lamp was held within a few inches of the faces of the materialised forms, so that, to all present, a long inquiring. oft-repeated luiik has stamped the features, skin-marks, colour of the eyes, beard, complexion, and "eneral aspect, so strongly upon the memory, that the faces might be recognised a year hence anywhere. All that forethought could devise was done to exclude the remotest possibility of any thing unfair, for though my long and large experience of Dr. Monck has rendered quite unnecessary, and even repugnant to me the application of teats,yet, forthe sakeof others, who do not know hiiu as I do, and for his own sake also, I never scruple or neglect to impose conditions that make cheating and charlatanry an absurd impossibility. Thus conditioned, therefore, we sat, and the first form that appeared, led forward by the entranced medium, was a woman figure, draped from head to foot, with face so covered that I could not see the features. One of our company, however, whose mother this wa» said to be, affirms that the general .ap pearance of the figure, dress, aud manner were the same that attended its coming'on a previous occasion elsewhere. But the light seemed to cause it great discomfort, and it drew back, whispering its name, as if anxious that its identity should be recognised, and the name was correct. The next form was the unedetached com „ju<r of the spirit we know as " Lily," but from soma cause or other her materialisation was stayed in a process of development; left side, arm, and half face, as it. seemed, wait in<* for the other half, unsean, to glue up to it^which it did not; for soou the process of evolution from the medium, whioh thus had pause, quickened, and, as it appeared, under a change of first intention, a bearded, robust middle-aged man Btepped forward, and leav ing the medium walked rouud us aud about the room. I had been lookiug for " The Maliedi," but this new visitor wanted his great height and bronze skin; his light olive complexion, aud general appearance, answer ing rather to what I have seen with the Par sees in India. Yet I wraa forbidden to be too sure that it was not •' The Mahedi," though outwardly it was in no sense whatever like him. The explanation given was, that it was one and the same spirit iu another degree. However not to drift into speculations too transcendental forgeneralapprehenaion,Imay say that this new friend, or old in a new form, was unable to speak English, and barely could comprehend it. The entranced medium ("Samuel" in control) having by action and dumb show to indicate what he wished it to do. When thus it understood what we wanted, with great amiability and courtesy the psychic figure permitted, and, in every way encouraged our closest scrutiny, Bo at leisure I observed its features, and nose to nose I peered into its dark eyes, aud got the mysterious being to open and shut them repeatedly; felt its black beard, touched its face aud lips, and felt its breath on the back of my hand, and so thoroughly explored its visible anatomy, .that I have not the shadow of a doubt that it was a living entity not of this world; yet natural; the medium, be it re membered, all the time under control of \- " Samuel," standing apart, but aiding my re searches in every way possible bv suggestion uud example of what I desired. The light of lamp was at its full during this prolonged and'near inspection of our mysterious visitant, and not three feet distant from the figure the whole time. The same opportunity far close scrutiny on part of my two companions was given, and after staying with us ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, the spirit thus tem porarily housed in temple of a fleshy body, •rotten and got rid of so mysteriously, re tired. And now the medium became subject to the control of " Lily," aud our old friend '• Samuel" built himself up in a temporary ■earth-life, and, as o:ia former occasion, made himself one with us freely and sociably. For the first part of " Samuel's'' stay with us Dr. Monck was uneivnEcious, and stood with rue under entrancement of '' Lily," while his chief spirit-guide, thus embodied, walked about and talked, aud mended a musical box that I had previously in vain tried to sat ri"bt. But after a time I got " Lily" to re linquish 2ontroI of the medium and awake him.; ana chis tbs done too suddenly, and I see there may be danger in it unless warily accomplished ; for. when Dr. Monck, start " . in" as from deep sleep, saw the psychic form .standinci near me, he gave a great bound, and Mttered a crv as of pain and fear, and ap peared for the moment as if he was about, to iwoon - but, as I was hastily explaining mat iera to him he recognised his old earth-f riend, and rushed forsvard to embrace him with ex clamations of astonishment and joy, ana the iwo conversed with each other as naturally as they could have done before the one de parted this life, thus for a little time to be -able so inexplicably to return. Aud now the marvel of the evening grown to its full, with harmony, and plontitmlo of power, sufficient to keep " Sanmel" in full muscular, condition, there seemed scarcely any limit to; what mi^ht, not bo attempted and successfully done rand when one feat was accomplished another was proposed, and another,'and another, till suggestion well nigh gave out. For instance, I requested " Samuel" to get some grapes 1 had with me, and-though- Dr. Monck objected . to., it, on the score of . its nof, being a nice experiment, yet, in. the interest of this new science of Spiritualism, 1 persisted and induced '' Samuel " to /take.-*-.** grapo from my fingers into his mputlu and eat it as I faced him, and thou spit out'into my hand the chewed skin. (I find thai in. the process of deglutition by the materialised/form, Dr. Monck tasted the grape his spirit-friend was eating.) Dr. Monck then to'ok.hp the lamp, burning at its full, and rushed it close up to " Samuel's " face, but there was manifest in convenience, if not pain, on the part .of the spirit when this was done; and it seemed with great effort only to be able, without flinch ing, to beai the full glare.'- When we have patiently experimented, and learned what sort of colour of light, thepsychic forms can best endure, another grand step will have been made in the study of these mysterious things. ' ' : And now Dr. Monck (whose excitement, and delight, and almost boyish way with " Samuel," suggesting .this, and requesting that, were amusing, and woujd have carried conviction of his bo'ia Jides t6 the most Onr penterian mind) would have no nay, hut that his embodied chief control should show his muscular power, in lifting first one, and then another, entirely out 'of their chairs ; and not satisfied with that, lie insisted 011 himself being lifted, as he stood'uprighf, six or eight inches off the floor ; aud','though it was not wauting in some of the elements of the ridiculous, it certainly a£ the same time had abundant matter for thdug'ht, and iuquiry, and was a phenomenon, of. 110 little sig nificance, to see the medium iu his normal state, lifted by the materialised form. Bnt, I must riot omit to notioe, how the voice of " Samuel" iu the temporary form, was exactly the voice of " Samuel" when in control of the medium; and the contrast between the voices of the'two friends was very marked. But I also > observed this fact, that, when Samuel", began to lose substance and power, he,(as " M.A. (Oxon.)" has called attention to) drew' near to Dr. Monck, and iu that way seemed to gather renewed vitality. I moreover perceived, that when his voice grew faint, a moment's approach to his medium' again gare him lung- power, compass, volume of tone, aud strength of articulation. Many other particulars, and things of moment occurred which 1 must for the present reserve; but at last, after remaining bodily with us for nearly half an hour " Samuel" retired, and resumed coutrol of Dr. Monck, and then told us some of his sensations in the temporary form he had built up and tenanted ; aud so, at a late hour, another most marvellous seance was brought to a close with the direct-voice of a power understood only by those'of the inner circle, aud the Mvift controls through the medium, of the spirit band that forms the unseen circle correspondent with "burs, each greeting us with its part of the;, benediction, which, of the several powers, combined rest ing on us, speaks of still greater wonders swiftly travelling on, aud shortly to tran Bpire. .' The following is from-thepen of Bensleigh Wedgwood, Esq., Justice of the Peace, who was present at the seauce' above repor ted. ' \ "I was present at the sitting described above, and entirely agree with Mr. Collev's report." ..H. Wkdqwood. 