G I M W M I N T A MOBPHBTTVTLLE RACECOURSE.—A deputationconsisting of Sir John Morphett, Hon, R. C.. Baker, Messrs. H. B. Hughes, J. H. Parr, and S.. Barnard (Secretary), representing the South. Australian Jockey Club Company, and Messrs.. W. B. Rounsevell, M.P., J. L. Stirling, andO J. Coates (Secretary;, representing the Committee of the Jockey Club, waited upon the- Directors of the Adelaide and Glenelg Railway Company to urge upon them the advisability of granting increased railway accommodation to the public to and from Morphettville on the days of racing. They suggested that a double-- line of rails should be laid down for that pur- - pose; and if that were thought inexpedient that at least a siding should be at once made at the back of the Grand Stand with/a platform. Theyalso suggested that the fares should be reduced, one half conditionally on the Jockey Club doing; the same; and they pointed out that if this wero done persons would be able to travel to and from.; the course and view the races for Is. Sir Wm. Milne, Chairman of Directors, in reply, said thematter had already engaged the attention o£ the Directors, who had projected improvements.. The suggestions, however, of the deputa'ion. would be favourably considered, and an officials : eply would be sent to them without delay. BILLIARDS—A complimentary benefit mat tendered to the celebrated billiard player, Mr.. Louis Kilkenny, on Friday night, August 9, at the Gresham Billiard Saloon, by Mr. A. G. Wyld and friends, when there were between 130^ and 140 persons present, who watched the play which took place with the deepest interest. Thefirst match was one of 500 up between Mr- Kilkenny and a gentleman amateur, Mr. Kilkenny giving 250 points. The contest began by Kilkenny giving his opponent a miss, and the latter followed with a ditto. Kilkenny then started with a break of 25 and; then with 23. His highest break was 67, followed by 46, 32, 28, 25. Score—Kilkenny 100 to his opponent's 16. Kilkenny scored 200 to the amateur's 46, and some splendid play wasshown, Kilkenny in the screw-back shots and long cannons being particularly admirable. Thegame closed with Kilkenny 502 and the amateuc- 469\. At 812 the amateur was 10 ahead Of Kilkenny, who was 302. Seven games of pyramids,, one ball oS the table in each, were then eontested between Mr. Kilkenny and Mr. Albert- White, and some pretty play was shown. The two first games were won by Mr. White, and the remainder by Mr. Kilkenny, whose admirablestrength was a great feature in the game. Thelast game was one between Mr. Kilkenny and Mr. A. G. Wyld, 500 up, Kilkenny giving: 200 points. Wyld played a rather unpromising game at first, but towards the end made several pretty good breaks and pulled up a bit* Kilkenny's highest break was 72, and he made several of 20,34, and 43. When Wyld was 25S Kilkenny had reached 288, and after passing the- 300 Wyld by several successive moderate breaks ran up his score in a more lively style. At 390-- Kilkenny made a break of 3S, and Wyld followed with one of 36. When Wjld was 400 Kilkenny had scored 494, and when the game closed the score stood—Kilkenny 501, Wyld 440\. Kilkenny's play won great admiration^ his nice judgment enabling him to keep the balls well together just where he pleased, and make astonishing strokes. The exhibition wasa real treat to billiard-players, and was watched with the keenest interest. ADELAIDE ARCHERY CLUB. — The annual meeting of this Club was held at the Town Hall on Friday afternoon. There were over 50 members present, and the report was read aa follows:—" The Committee in presenting their report have to congratulate the members on the continued success of the Adelaide Archery Club. On reference to the balance-sheets, it will be seen that there is a small sum to the credit of the Club, and in addition to that there is between £40 and £50 worth of goods still on hand. The business of this meeting will be to elect a Committee and officers for the ensuing season and to ballot for new members. The Committee wish to bring under the notice of the members a rule which they find usually in. English Clubs, and which they think it would be advisable for this Club to adopt. The role is as follows—* The wife and daughters and Bona under 21 of any number shall be eligible without ballot. 1 The Committee propose to hold two additional meetings during the season, and if this should meet the approbation of themembers it mil be necessary to raise the subscriptions to 12s. 6d. to pay the extra expenses, incurred." It was resolved that there would, be ten meetings in the year instead of eight* and that to meet the extra expense the subscription should be raised to 12s. 6d. The following: officers were elected for the ensuing year:— Captain, Mr. H. S. Price; Committee, Mrs. W. J. Crawford, Mrs. G. C. Hawker, Mrs. Kent Hughes, Mrs. Ross Reid, Mrs. F. Wright, Mrs. C. B. Young; Secretary, Mr. H. D. O'Halloran. The balance-sheet was read,, and showed that there was about £45 in hand, A vote of thanks was passed to the officers and to the late captain (G. C. Hawker).. Fifteen, new members were elected, and the Club nonnumbers over 200 members. The first meeting: of the season will be held early in September. A GENUINE GHOST.—On Monday a veritable ghost, or rather a troupe of ghosts, will appear at White's Rooms, when Mr. J. H. Rainford, sowell and favourably known in thiB city, will' open his illusionary entertainment. Thiacompany consists of a number of singers^ dancers, and character artistes, and the peculiarity of their performances is that it seemsto the audience to be given by a number o£' phantoms which appear and disappear at will. THEATRH ROYAL.—The Theatre was crowded on Friday evening, when " Henry IV." was repeated for the last time, Mr. Creswick again taking the part of Sir John Falstafi, his representation being all that could be desired. Miss- Ashton gaveja clever interpretation of the part o£ Lady Percy." Messrs. Lawrence, Reynolds, Holloway, and Martin also appeared to advantage in their several characters. To-night " Macbeth' will be played for the first time this season. ADELAIDE HUST CLUB.—The Adelaide houndswill meet this afternoon at Lockleys. MAYOR'S CONCERT.—The fourteenth concerfr. i iven by his Worship the Mayor will take place this evening at the Town Hall. 2 RIEXR MATCH.—A rifle match between the- Robertstown and Watervale Clubs was fired on July 27. Messrs. T. Carey and J. Smith were the respective umpires. The distances were : 00,250, and 300 yards, and the match was won* by the Watervale Club with a total score of 457,. their opponents' total being 345. A shore of 80,. made by Mr. V. Mayer, of the Watervale team, was the highest individual score on either side. TERRIBLE EXPLOSION OF LITHOFRACXEUR — The following information, wired by Mr. Evan,, of Warroo, on Friday afternoon, to Mr. C. Todd*, the Superintendent of Telegraphs, has been, courteously handed to us by that gentleman forpublication:—"Warroo, August 9.—A dreadful explosion of lithofracteur has occurred at the camp of Tncknotfs fencing party on the Lake- Hamilton Run, by which nine men are more or~ less hurt. It appears that as the lithofracteucwas veiy hard on account of the cold weather it was put by the fire in a bag to dry while the men: were having their breakfast. It ignited, and. there was a tremendous explosion, the men being sent in all directions. Jim Tucknott waasitting on a box, which was shattered into splinters. . A little while before breakfast a log was put on the fire so large that ittook two men to. lift it, but after theexploBion it could not be found. Jim Tucknott, who is badly cut on the arm and leg, in addition to having his eyesight injured if not: destroyed, and Con. Tucknott, his son, who has apparently lost one eye, have started for Port Lincoln, and I am just going to start a man withi two more of the unfortunate fellows in my trap.. The men were all quite deaf after the explosion, and some of them have not yet recovered theirhearing. I am afraid they will all have marksof the affair to their dying day, and that somewill lose the sight of at any rate one eye. Poor fellows, I pity them. Oon. Tucknott seems tohave come off as well as any of them." Wehave obtained from our correspondent at Port- Lincoln some few further particulars of the accident, which will be found in the telegraphic^ columns. From these it wonld appear that, although the men were very much knocked about, and there is a possibility of one of them losing his sight, no fatal results are expected. Mr. Wollaston, of the Lake Hamilton Station,, exhibited much praiseworthy promptitude iu having the sufferers conveyed to Port Lincoln,, where skilled medical assistance could be obtained for them. WORTH KMOWIKG—That Hie Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the- Best, moitStylish, and Cheapest Selection of MeH's, Youths', and Boys' Clothing and Outfitting!, Is at G. and W. 8hierlaw*B, Glasgow House 11, Hindley-street. Clool is the test; Uy them. CT 