0tlx7' A.MATEUR THEATRICALS AT , r; ,A A BaOLON(3F A ' A :-,:l Po jests rttinars Who necer jCl't a woioiul — Eoiieo. OnjS of the most awful recollectious Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolong, h.ad of his youthful days, hc Used to declare, was when he made his . fiirit and only apiTe'rir.ance as |an actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainm'cnt at'his own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown Thason, n'ad conceived that he \vas horn to be an actor — to ti'fead' the boards like the grcsit Garrick anci the elder Kean-'=but it WUO) J.UUil>3Ll IlUUIUllf sUUll UUU UL Ulb JJUcikl cbLdUX liib peculiar debut. On finding the Melbourne arid Sj-'dhdy managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with bleavibg' red hair, and a turn-upi nose, an .appearance in " HamlJt" at any of their several theatres, he resolved to "take the hull by the licffns" and get up a company of bis own down' at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense' in building a srivall theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenbry painted — for Banhsiry was determined to do the / thing: well and in tip-top stde. He got .together a kind ; of scratch company,. many oil them like himself, raw am- " i hitious amateurs, cage " to fret their hour upon the st.age," arid one or two seely outcasts of the) profession); arid h? looked forwaa'd to the production of his pet plaj'', " Harnlety" himself its the Prince, with ranch, excitement, riot unalloyed with /pleasure. The amateurs, after , .about a month's " constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect iu their words before the curtain went up, but .after it did most of thenriforgot them. The scenery hitched ; the G-host was intoxicated, .and the King likewise; Gphalia, an) amateur, hurstninto a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen lines. Banbury wasToarrid at by/ theFlocal pemonages who ' .assembled to assist 'at the aniateuV performance. But this , w.'is riot the worst, Tor Banbury found that .when ' the hills came in theexpen,se jvyas.t.wice as.large.as he h.ad expected, .and he could not riieetlhem. " The fellows," he used to say, . "alio, wed me to-have whatever' layantcd, on credit, -because they knew that' my rich uhcle in' AdCl aide, a strict Method ist, wouldLp'ayLthemf'hut.fB-k.uew very .welphe wpqld do no such thing' .when- he f oimdT they were for theatrical trap pings, for, if there was one'.tMug he held in -abhorrence it was. the -theatre.'' AV'hativyas he to do ? His uncle would , disinherit him,; turn him out of the house he h.ad furnished , foi\him, and send:, Mm adrift on the world, t What . was he j to do? His creditors:wpuldfnpt \yait. and he would he a miserable pauper. But .for ;all'.fe riot lose his house, and-his-ppor-unclc's.fprtuuo is in the,- bank- in his name, thanksTorthe timely aid;of ;one ?y/ttf 'ii' a frwnd 'rto the dmmarasgvell as/otM resf of tlus wotdd, kyho advanced him the needful. Need we say his riariie. .No ; al! know ; him 1 But we may;as weMremark .it was the alurmplon , of the distressqd, - - . ; . .'r j - ' F ' ' DAVlDt-HBNRYj' of 52 Collirislstreet e.ast, : : Who has from £5 to £10,000 to lead on notes of hand, bills of sale, (with or .without .secmaty), salary orders, life policies'. c'eriificaM's,'"de'ed.sVhill of lading; degacie's, goods, merchandise,' on expectecLremittances, or on - moneys per- spris niayjbe .entitled To froiri' England 'and elsewhere," etc., repayable to suit the corivenience of horfovyers. Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate, of interest, and mortgages from 6 per cerit.' ' ' 