gliglttyd gap. A SAD ttEMINISCENCE OF A CHRISTMAS AND NEW TEAK IN BRISBANE. Duuing my school-boy days I be came fondly attached to Mary Wilson, whose beauty andgoodtomper endeared her to all with whom Bhe caino in con tact. Her glorious, luxuriant brown tresses, and deep, sympathising, hazel cyos, wcro the envy of all tlio girls of the township ; yet, though they looked upon her with envy for her charms, nevertheless, they loved the angelic disposition which could find kind looks and words for all who crossed her path. It was an acknowledged fact that we were betrothed, and in after years the feeling of love which was first kindled in our early youth continued with un abated warmth and constancy. But, liko all things in this wayward world, the time camo for its end. Never Bhall I forget tho heartfelt pang of that last meeting as lovers. The tears of true lovo mingled freely. Clasped in each other's embrace, the time slipped on unheeded ; but the tell-talo alarm of the clock warned us that tho time for our separation had dawned upon us. The a?;ony of that last farewell ! With arms encir cling each other's nocks I listened to the unpropitious sentences that hare over followed me like a phantom ghost through my weary pilgrimage. Press ing her ruby lips to my sunburnt face, in sweet though broken accents ray doom was uttered. Her parents had informed her that circumstances hod arisen which necessitated tho cruel step. Aye, I had anticipated it Ion? ago, I knew my poverty would ruin my expected happiness, and my conclusions were not miscalculated; for, in modem times, parents, as a rule, sell their daughters' charms to the highest bidder. It is a man's riches that make liim suitable. Qualities are passed ovor unless money backs them up. How I pleaded to be spared the pang, none but those in like situations can ever know ; but, though tho elo quence of true love's simplicity pealed forth in enraptured phrases, yet all the arguments or my heart's fulness did not avail, and I was forced to leave her who was'my all-in-all. With her sympathy aud love tlio world seemed too small, but when the mystic tie of love was snapped asunder, all was dark ness on my horizon of fate ; no silvery lino was discernible. It seemed almost impossible to live and breathe the same atrnoRphere, and not attempt to regain my lost treasure. 'So near and yot so far.' Still I was cognizant of the fact that all my efforts to bring about such an end would prove fruit less. Hopeless and forlorn, I deter mined to work and become rich, aud then to return and triumphantly carry off my darling. — 'Oh fate] ! My hopes thon inuyost bereave, And bid my cherished clreumi depart ; Take all things oho I prize, but leave One loving heart.' Having thus made up my mind to become rich, no time was lost in specu lation on what cour.se to pursue. The Northoru (Joldfiekls offered the most promising prospect, and accordingly the choice was made, expecting to be come rich, or else, by hard toil, to wear out tho disappointment of my lovo. But ' who can minister to a mind diseased ?' If money, the god of flosh, could bo obtained, the thought came ovor mo that all tilings by its controlling influence might be over come ; for there is no obstacle which will not dissolve before tho magic touch of gold. After selecting two mates, we sot sail for Towusville. The weather was glorious, and tho wind fair, bo our trip across the overcease less billows was enjoyable. Night after night, and day after day, I looked into those briny waters, trying to fathom tho cause of their rollings. Ever and anon it seemed at if they too, like my brain, were never at rest. There was a sympathetic link in that ever- moving spirit of the deep that calmed my mind ; aud methouglit how strange that all things should by their action bo repeating 'Onward, ever onward.' As I gazed from the rolling deep to tho cloudy sky, there again the clouds more on ; around me tho wind moved. What can all this restlessness moan P Ib it to teach man that lie is to work and not idle ; to think, and not pass hie days iu listless ness ? Alas ! the task of solving the Eroblem of the elements' movements ut brought me back to tho one ob ject of my_ life. Mary ! — how tho very name thrilled my soul, and made my frame tremble like 'a reed shaken with tho wind!' On arriving at Townsvillo, we procured horses, and mode tracks for the land of Eldorado. The morn of our departure was fine, and the wild birds of Australia awoke the solemnity of our way witli their not over muRicnl songs. Two days panned pleasantly enough, without anything particular occurring to enliven our journey. On the third day an in cident occurred which terminated rather disastrously to a couple of tho black sons of Australia. We had just finished tea, and were sitting around our camp fire, recalling from their abyss of forgetfuhiess the happy days of our childhood, and so went the time right merrily. If there is one place more than another cal culated to blend affections it is in the lono bush, around a camp fire. And so we thought, as we listened each in turn to the story of another's ' high jinks ' in youthful days. How long we might have continued in this strain we wero not permitted to stay end find out, for Tom Saunders broke the spell with the significant word — 'Listen, mates! I heard ducks on the creek. A duck would go fine for breakfast. Shall we go for them P' Harry Thompson and myself assented to his proposition, aud, guns in hand, wo slowly wended our way down the crook, the moon the while stealing out from behind the clouds, lending a silverinesB to the water which mate rially assisted us in our search. But, 'nary' the duck could be Been, and yet the quack-quack could be heard at' intervals going lower down the stream. ' This is a rum go,' said Saunders. ' Yes,' replied Thompson, ' I think we'll give 'em best and turn in.' I suggested it might be niggers, as I had heard they sometimes im itated ducks when travellers were camped on a creek, thus thinking to get them away, while a second party pilfered the camp. We had hardly got in eight of the camp, when my suggestion was seen to be a reality, for, sure enough, the niggers had got at us. At least a dozen were quietly helping themselves to our property. What to do waB soon decided upon. Thinking it useless to try any palaver ing with such wild and unsophisticated cannibals of heathen darkness, we put an extra charge of swan shot in our trusty friends, and 'went for' thoBe dark-skinned demons of AuBtral be nightedness, our hearts the while bowed down with sorrow to think of the like, and of such things happening in a Christian land like Australia. One volley settled the business, and two cannibals less in this world of sin and woe ! and two more blacks gone to the land of serenity to 'jump up white fellah' and add to our increasing population. In expectation of a second visit from our colored brethren, we re-loaded our 'persuaders' and postod sentry for the remainder of tho night. Night passed on, and not even the spirits of our dark and silent com panions awoke the dismal solemnity of the peaceful scene. At last the longed-for daylight did appear, dawn ing with all the beauty and freshness of an Australian Queen's day. Nothing could have been more refresh ing than the creeping of tho sun over the mountain's brow, and the carol of gay plumaged birds shouting their morning anthem to the Great Creator for all his goodness. As we passed and left behind the dead savages, a pang of remorse kindled in our hearts, but, on reflection, our conscience justi fied the deed on the grounds that 'self-preservation is the first law of nature.' The rest of our journey was uneventful. On arriving at the goldfleids wo lost no time in setting to work in real earnest. After a little prospecting we found a reef, and determined to expend our joint capital upon it whether the consequences would bo good or bad. So far all was new to Thompson and me, but our mate Saunders was an experienced digger, and did not seem to participate in our enthusiasm ; and before many weeks had elapsed it became apparent why he did not share our hope. He knew well many weary days must pass be fore the longed-for metal could be ob tained even if we sbonld then be fortunate; and now, sure enough, came the disappointment which is certain to disgust amateur diggers, and often, if not always, fill the heart of the bravest of brave diggers with disgust. Woary months passed, but no sight of gold rewarded out industry. Tilings began to look ' dickey.' Our money was nearly exhausted, and our credit stopped. What we were to do if we didn t soon strike gold was not easy to decide. However, we worked on daily witli sad hearts though willing hands, every day expecting the long lane to have its turning. On either side of our claim splendid gold had been struck at 190 feet, and as we had reached 90 feet our hopes once more brightened. It seemed but a matter now of time and depth to reach the sought-for ore. Alas ! that men should crave after gold. How many bright countenances has it not stricken and caused to wane most surely and effectually than the most noxious fever. It has often proved i curse rather than a blessing to those who have possessed it— an al lurement which dazzles for a season, and at last leaves its victim a discon tented miser of a petted hallucination. The theory of possessing gold is some tin: icrmore beneficial to tbe avaricious th s ) the actual possession could pos sibly be to those who all their days live discontented because they are not rich. To such a person riches beopme a snare, delusion, and curse, leaving them far more wretched than before the advent of richer days. How many men possessing thousands upon thou sands would willingly exchange with the hard- working honest man who is contented and happy if he could only enjoy the happiness of a laborer's cot. The ever insatiable thirst for gold not only stands between many men and their happiness, but is a certain bar riar between them pod. the Gttfct Judge who has declared money W4fl ' the root of all eril.' Poor mortals I We strive for gold to make saraafej our bodies for worms. ?.?'?:??* But I am digressing. Still we toil' on. Separation Par passed Von '-m» heeded, for men without money har« little heart for patriotic djsplarat; Ever onward speed thedays. .Chrii£-. mas is near. Shall it be as dreary fuift, joyless as our last P No ! it was not'v to be so. The week before Chrisfanaf^ our staring eyes feasted upon each *,. sight of precious ore as shall remain:: indeliblystamped on memory's page so;; long as life lasts. Everything now went/ 'merry as a marriage bell/' tidbit1 for deep-rooted love which burnWbe^'1 neath the calm surface, my life'jwould' have been as joyous as those of my mateB. Our claim continued ft yiewlj large quantities of rich tstone, txA, amidstour prosperity Christmas passed i ' even as the tale that is told.'* ITba'i gay festivities with which it is Costo-' mary to greet this season of 'JriMlfft'nd'j of sham happiness paseedas^iemi^era, that grow, bud, and blo6.m- and JsXitV\ to b6 no more eujoyed by njan. , ,',-,, * , So it was, and another year, of pros-/: perity continued with usTr«nbtberDe-'- comber had arrived. Already prepata-'* tions werebeingmade toMelcomeajrtSn':' the halcyon days of 'Christmas,' ' 'jro'f tune hod been favorable, and' I', 'h$lL/i massed the wealth bo greedily coveited. The north had no more char,ms for me, ,. ; My path now lay in another direction* ' so, selling my share in the 'Queen,' 1 determined to spend Christmas in Brist' bane, and to renew my acquamtanee'1' with the object of my affection. But,^ alas ! for the hones and aspirations of frail humanity ! I bad forgot that three weary years had passed away since I ? had seen or heard of the beautiful ' Mary. Fond dream of my life, how ' my heart beat as I made enquiries fe*'1 her who had been the only' brigHtneks'U amidst my dark walk througV Hf&.'j! How delightedly I thought of; th#.r pleasurable moments in store for ne.ii when I should lay my heart, hand, and ! - fortune at her feet, and claim againrav; renewal of the old fond love. Buoh1' were the castles in the air I was ever' ' building, to at last be ruthlessly ' broken. I had but returned with my ' fortune to meet a blighted hope, and - mourn over the waywardness . of .? woman's love. . ? Place co trust in woman iftir, Though roBy-oheek'd and golden hair; ? Bewitching smiles their fsoo adorn— r ? ? -; Compare them to a summer's mom. ? ? i The snuinuy rise with cheerful *%y, :' - With no eign of a elondy day, . , ; And ere his course be run an honr . A thunderstorm may round you Ibqrer, : . '. And leave you wretched and forlorn, ' ; \ To prove that man was made to mourn. t She was the wife of another, sharing ?; lib home and shedding that ray ol - sunshine amongst theclouds of life that' has ever raised woman to a pinnacle of ' perfection which she alone can attain.' '' Once again a stray waif 'pni( the ocean of carelessness, ' Im determined to enjoy life by tak- ?-; ing to the cup that doth inebriate; t There was no ray of sunshine formed ??- 'The future, like the gathering night,' '' . was ominous and dark.' Withal I ' loved her, nor did I bear any animosity ' to my successful rival, though I envied him his bride. But the time was an- . proaching when wo would clasp hands : ; in mutual trouble — he for a lost wife ? I for a long-lost love. On New Year's Night, with many rollicking companions, with bells in hand, we welcomed the year in and rang the death-knell of the old year . which had seen us through all tho vicissitudes of life during his reign. 'Who so merry, so merry as weP' ' So rang our sentiment. But list to tho ominous cry 'of 'Fire!' resound- ' ing on the midnight air and summon ing our aid. Our 'high jinks' ' were ... stopped, and with quickening tread we ? burned on to the scene of the con flagration. Already many houses were : enveloped in flames, but around' a' two-storey house the mass has col-1 ; lected, from the upper storey of which a woman shrieks in all the agony of despair. There seeins no ? escape and a cruel death seems in- ? evitable. A murmur runs through the crowd that it is Mrs. Thomas, my ' old love. In an instant I live in the paBt, and behold her only as my love. All danger scorning, I determined to . , save or die with her. Hardly knpw ing what I did, I rushed through the flames, mounted the staircase, and in less time than it takes to record it, re entered the flames bearing the burning form of my lost love. Down the burning staircase I again essayed to go. It was our only chance, and with a prayer on my lips I rushed through it, and safely reached the street. But the strain had been more than nature could stand, and I sank with my load amidst the cheering of the multitude. I remembered no more of that awful ' ' night. Season fled me for many days, ! and when at last sufficiently recovered to bear it, Iheardfromstrango lips that, [ though lny daring act had oeon i fully ? ? recoguised, the object that prompted . - it hod ' joined the great majority the day following the catastrophe. ' '' And thus ends the last of all thilt ': to me was life in this world. Now . ' : how wearily the time drags on. While ? she lived there was hope, but no W) I havo only the comfort of a grass* ; grown grave, around which violets in their innocence bloom unmindful of ' the silent heart that mourns so neat ' ' '? ; them. ? : ; ' ?'' ?'?' -:,£? * I'm sod to-night— Cm sad to-night I ? ; '\l mai The earth has lort Its golden #ow, '.' ' '! ' %* M And Bkieo that «ave forth Silvery light, ? '' MjM Now beu- a cloud of deepwt woe. ' ?-' '''-fM I feel tliat I am all *lone-^ ?-.:?-!?? ?? . ' 'J .-fN| Thy pitunto no more tnMti my tight, .-- b -^H And that 1b why my heart dom mom^-t. i ' '1 '^MBm rm iaa to.night-rmp»d*o.nlghtj ,. ???M'**Wm$ . ? ?-::. : :': ; :^*:.*?F-^% J^ EDrroBS like brevito but a *nim «hjMft.M J^I was recently hung in Indiana tjjMWHHi - -ilt JN9 too welL He, mwb no^aijtMg .ird -Mm heaven, biftnoddedlA the pwiwMplt'iii JH| said, 'I'll see ton late,' and thSriU ^H topwi. , ...... .s ;:,^M 