lliultr the Cslonnadc. (By "Nutcracker.") Be just and/ear not Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, . . ; Thy Goifs, and truth's. —Shakespeare. " The world's a stage," and Glen Innes, I may add, is by no means the meanest portion of it. Each successive day plays its own particular part, aud'oh each v'successiye nighttliere are "%w;scenes enacted, so that we have mucli'to be thankful for. It behoves me, likewise, public man as 1 am, to keep the world posted up in our affairs ; and though a succinct critique may not at all times meet with the approbation of the playerSj yet, undaunted, I give it. Divers pieces have recently been produced, not the least of which being " How the banks sur vive, or the Council's overdraft but this has lost much of its interest since the spiritualistic siancei held the other night by Crossbones at the Royal. The hour was late— in fact, it was the hour when spirits are said roanv — before any manifestations were visible. But when they did begin, they did so in all earnestness. Iu the early part of the sit ting. feats most miraculous were performed by an' .invisible agency. Parcels of jewellery, in quite a siirruptitious way, left the precincts of the hostelry, and deposited themselves neath the kerb outside. The worthy host was much surprised at the power displayed by the medium. Everyone marvelled ; and numerous were the conjectures as to what par ticular spirit it could have boon. However, its power waned not thereby, for when next appearing its mighty influence commanded one of the win dows to arise ; and then the spirit walked in, hovered o'er the bar for a time, communed with the appalling darkness, partook of sundry drinks, , fifteen crisp bank-notes, ana departed hence. The proprietor isutterly dumb-founded atthis latter feat, but there can be no doubt about its genuineness, seeing that he alone was possessed of the key which led to the abode of his current coin which runs so Bwiftly at its ebb. There's no necessity for surprise, as this is an enlightened age, whereiu spirits do wonderful things. Most of us are endeavouring to ascertain from whence Crossboues came, iu order to provide against his third coming. Can it be that the ghost of Jack Shepherd is here as well as ' spirit- ising" Sydney 7 . Or does the spirit inhabit the Royal? Or has Father Chiuiquy come amongst us? Officers, to .the rescue I The only wonder is that this evil spirit doesn't commaud our bank safes to yield up their treasures. This would dis play more spirit, and he considered more human. In any -case, though, its very bad, and I'm sorry we should have such a spirit among us. He's evidently a high-classed spirt, too. as he displays a taste for " floury" literature, vide the miller's books. One is almost inclined to think that the window and the spirit were old friends, and knew each other well. But the most ardent lover of justice must Flynch to think that a window could be so unkind as to allow au evil spirit ingress with nothing, and egress with £15, and then because an individual— to show his cleverness in illustrating how the robbery was perpetrated— took hold of it, to well-nigh sever his fingers. Alas, for man's inhumanity to man ! When and where will all this trouble, strife, and unseemly ingratitude end ? . Of course, we all sympathise with poor Ted. who. in the future, should take heed unto Tom Moore, who says, "The world is all a flnttering show, For man's illusion given ; The smiles of joy, the tears of woe, Deceitful shine, deceitful flow — There's nothing true but heaven i" The numerous questions asked of late as to who I really am, from where I came, or what's my origin, make me feel somewhat inclined to no longer preserve my incognito. First I hear, " It's not 8o- and-So : he's dead." Then, " It's not Cockey" (whoever he may be), " he's gone away and so it goes on. But the most amusiug part is, that Old Centerp'ede (who. by the way, knows everyone's business, having none of his own to crawl after) ' tells them at Pool's Arcade that I'm a parson. That he had seen .me going into the office with a bundle of nuts under my arm. Then they all set to conjecturing, thus Some say I'm y onng, some say I'm old, Some say thot I'm a lawyer ; Some say that I'm exccediug bold, Some say a great aunoyer. Some say I'm fat, some say I'm lean, Some say that I am neitocr ; Some say that Im as Junius wise, Some say that I'm far wiser. Some say I'm short, some say I'm stout, Some say that I'm nice looking ; Some say they cannot make mo ont, Some say my conduct's shocking, ' Bnt these wiseacres none can teu Whom or what I am, Suffice to say, I know fall well rm neither ghost nor man. That I'm neither woman, boy nor child, Though will answer Justice's call ; And though I'm known to Centerpede, I'm really naught at all 1 Jack M'Elhone has long since distinguished himself as a public man as well as a tallow-chan- deler ; but in spite of his bad French, and his pro clivities for picking his nasal organ, he is just the " man for Galway." He believes in calling a spade a spade, and Government officerssanguinary loafers. The other day he met one of these " slaves," doing his utmost to kill time in a pub., his assistants being a daily paper and a quart of beer. Jack went up to him, and soliliquised thus: " Well, is this what you're paid for?" and putting himself in fighting attitude, requested the officer to return to " work 1" The official waxed indignant at Jack's insolence ; but Jack went straightway and lodged a complaint against him. And now there's likely to be a va cancy for some policeman who may find his present occupation too laborious. The election approaches, and excitement begins to make itself manifest. The friends of Hennessy, an aspirant for the mayorship, will be glad to learn he is in favour of extending the present boundry, so that there is no. necessity for curtailing one's liabilities. He intends to give them a long, straight road — north, south, east, and west — so that store keepers and batchers will have to have re-lays of horses at the end of the quarter. Just fancy the Council Clerk, mounted on a high-mettled steed, careering along at the rate of forty . knots, to serve a tax-paper on a ratepayer at Murrurundi, in order to get the Government Endowment. It is gratify ing also to know that Tom is in favour of borrow ing all the money he can, aud will sell his hat in the interests of the ratepayers. "Good on yuz," says Tom, and the ratepayers iu turn thank him. Had it not been for the exhaustive speech of the saddler's, Tom's oratorical gifts would have brought Governor 'Robinson to Glen Innes;-. Tom's likely to loose prestige if he's, not returned ; and then what'll become of us ? We've certainly gota good- fellow here, who writes speeches for municipal can didates. But its not plain sailing enough for us. We want some one that can Use the pick and spade ; someone who will overtake and inter defaulting ratepayers ; and as the Council becomes renovated, show us how we are to erect mouumeuts to the sturdy aldermen who. used to counsel together iu bazils and such like, spit Dixon's twist on Govern ment documents, aqd consume three-star over knotty points. Tom can ; do all this, and a great deal more, He don't believe in verbose harangues. He's a man . of deeds, not words ; -and if the rate payers return him, no more tenders need be called for. Of all the mass that moves beneath the canopy of sun, moon, and stars.- for a shrewd tactician — one who, in colonial vernacular, thoroughly knows his road about — commend' me to a well-seasoned law yer. We have numerous of the clan in Australia ; and as they are said to reap the cream of every thing, I suppose this is the secret of so much bad milk in the market, though it by no means accounts for that ingredient's presence in the cocoa-nut. Of course, as in most other professions, there are two classes of lawyers. There are the " bush-law yer" as they- are unceremoniously ; termed, who knowexactly how many beans.it takes tomke five, though the practical illustration.of this is somewhat out of their province. But they will give yards of advice gratis. They will tell you the law says this, that, and the other. All points come under their jurisdiction ; and they will even advise on such deloate points as husband desertion, how to avoid paying taxes., 4cc. In . point of fact, nothing is too difficult for their gigantic intellect. The attorney is a very different person. He don't sug gest anything; but wears an air of reserved in difference- He will ask his client a few questions, and like a physician, look grave, and write some thing down. He may possibly hint at a mode for extraoting a sanguinary liquid from a hard substance ; and, for the modest sum of 6s. 8d., he may permit you to have a squint at it. Lawyers as a rule, are generally very rich, and have white hands. They live in a world of sweetness, delicacy, perfumery, aud ease. Nothing troubles them ; and they have a nice little nack of " confessing" you. Sam Weller says, " Beware of widdera but I say beware of lawyers. They are like bookmakers ; and in their methodical way "skin the lamb." Por my part, I don't know why they were invented ; but as everything ha3 it qualities, I suppose a law yer is useful, if its only to make people pay for what they eat. 