MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN INDIA. Mahiuaok otistoms and marriage mantras differ iu some respeots in' different parts of tlie country; ' Thus at the marriage of hia Highness the Maharajah ol Mysore, the fol lowing proity recitation formed a portion of the rnual altered by the bridegroom in muti oal Sanxkirt: " Tub bridegroom replies, ' Well lie it]* and rboites the following : ; Who gave A err To whom did he give her! Love gave her. . To love be gave 7jer. ^ Lovo was the giver. Love waa the tuker. Love 1 may this be tliine. . With love may I enjoy her Love has pervaded the ooean. With love £ nocopt her ! ^ . . Love 1 may this be thine.'JI Soon after this* the bride aud !bridgroom proceed ouo or two steps' forward, and tho bride is thus addressed by the bridegroom : " May the regions of spaoe, iniiy air, tho sun,~and'fire dispel that anxiety wbioh thou' fi olest in thy mind and turn thy heart to me. .Be gentle iu thy aspeot and loyal to thy husband; be fortunate in oattle, amiable in thy mind; and beautiful in-thy person; mother of gallant sons; be fond Of delights ; be oheerfni and bring prosperity to our bipeds and qaadfttpediu Sums first received thee; Ibe Sun next obtained thee; the regent of fire" was thy third husband ; and I now a human'being is thy fourth. " Soma gave her to the Sua ; tho Sun gave her to"the regent of firs; fire gave her to mo. 'With her he has given me wealth and mate offspring." May she, most auspioious cause o( prosperity, never desert me." : These nnd'm'any.others, which were recited, oontain much of exquisite poetry in them. They are, to quote Max Muller, tho'simplest child-like prayers on raoord.-The Indian Mirror. ' PATHR. BOTTOMS ron InoK Snirs.-After getting used to paper esr-wlaeelB, wo need not be surprised to learn that a now coating for the bottoms ol iron ships oonsiBt of brown paper attached by a euiiable consent. It is tlio invention of Captain P. Wurron, ol Eng land, and tho aubatanoo bo proposes to nae iB a preparation of papier rnaclie. It ia stated that woeds and baruaoloj will not adbure to papor, and tliat tbo epooial ooment by wbioh the paper is secured ma; bo appliod oold, but itbardona under water, ia unaffected by com paratively high touiperatuie, and poeeuBea great tonaoily. A plate tlius proteoted on one Bids bag been immersed for Biz c^ontbs, with tbo rosult tbat the proteoted aide waa found olean, while tbo unproteotod metal WM covered with rcut and ahoilfUh. :A ia?wtTTT I'asoi.-One ol the pretty fapclo'3 of French people is to mate cjlcurd i)i« .j^tpreesion ol Bentiment. They hold that violet is analogous to friendship, blae to love, &3 suggested by blae eyes and azure »ky. A bnnch of violets wonld therefore tell a lady's snitor that lriendehip is all he has a right to expect. Yellow is paternity or maternity; ilr is the yellow rays of the epectrnm which cause the' germ to Ehoot. Ited figures ambition; indigo, the Bpirit of rivalry; green, the love of change, fickleness ; black, (aTonriti?m; white, unity, university. In addition to the seven primitive colonrB, grey indicates poorer; brown, prndery ; pink, modesty; silver grey (semi-white), fi'oble love; lilao (semi-violet), lefiblo friendship pink, false Bhame. ,' _ Suearino SHEEP.-Aecording to an iuitr esting paper by Professor Freitng, of Halle, it 'is only since the sixteenth century that the practice of shearing sheep has been followed in Germany. Previously to that date the wool was separated by simply plucltins it out-a process which was fouuii to be greatly facilitated by penniug up the sheep closely, and keeping them without food for a few days before the operation. This system still obtains in pome northern European countries; and tbe Professor had an opportunity of personally witnessing it during bis late travels in certain parts of Norway and Sweden, and in Iceland ami several other islands. In these regions tbe short-tailed sheep (ouij borcixlU), wbicli, like other wild mountain races, changes its hair yearly, ia the variety ohicfly kept; and the fleece ib plucked off in June, after its bearer lias been submitted to a few days' starvation. T'he ordinary breeds of sheep met with in most other countries do not change their coat, as ha a been oierrly demonstrated by exhaustive experiments. They huve been left unshorn for four, Beven, and ev<*n eleven years without any fresh growth being ob Borved, aULiougn tno original ooat ccntmueu to inoreaee by simple prolongation of the individual linirs. The rate of growth is fastest daring the firot three}years ol the sheep's life, after which time it decreases gradually and oonaiderably. ID domeBtioated sheep llie growth each year inmost luxmiant immediately alter the shearing in Jane or July; while.in the wild breeds, as might be cxpeeted, it ia moat marked in winter time, when the severity of the weather demands additional protection. IN 1876, wolves in the Russian proviooo of Samara, devoured 5880 horsen and homed oattle, 50,000 email cattle, 22,000 domestia fowls, Hud more than 1000 dugs. In 1877 their ravages wore even greater. AN American suggests the construction of projectiles on the piinoiple of the boomerang for rcachiDg an enemy behind earthworks.or embankments. The usual way of surmount ing obstacles of this eort is lo make the halls ricochet or bounce over tLo pnraptfc after first striking the ground. New USE fob LEMON Veiwena.-Tlio well known fragrant garden tnvonrite the sweet-tceuleil or lemon verbena Lippia cilrioiora,) seems to have other qualities to rvoonimeud it than those of the fragrance for wbioli it is usually cultivated. The author of a recent work, entitled " Among the Spanish people," describes it as being systematically gathered in Spain, where it is regarded' as a fine Btomaohio and cordial. It ia used either in the form of a decoction, Bweeteued, or five or six leaves are put into n ttaeun. and hot tea poured upon them. The authorsayB that tlie fl.vour of tho tea thus prepaied "is simply delicious, ami no ono who lias drunk iiis Pekoe witli it will ever again drink it without a sprig of lemon verbena." And he further stateS'that if .this be uae.l one need " never suffer from flatu lence, never be made neiToua or.old- maidisb, never have oholera, diarrhea, or loss ol appetite." A. Qhea.T EEL PRESERVE.-An American paper says :-" On tho farm of James N. Wells, in the Town of Biverboad, is tbo greatest eel preserve ever seen inland. The pond covers live acres. Two years ago Mr. "VVolla put: into the pond 2000 dozen eels, with 110 intention of disturbing thetu for five years. They have increased wonderfully, millions being iu the pond, $nd it is thought that there will be quad rillions before Mr. Wolls gets ready to market them. The eels aro led regularly every three dr.ys on what is known as ' horse feet,' a sea product, with meat in side a shell wbioh takes tho Bhape of a horse's hoof,-and it is doubtless from that that It derives the name. They consume 9fvn linrwf f'cMt', in tbrca davs. It would seem impossible to fiirniBh BO many, but the number does not bogm to detail the extent of the catch. Millions of them are annually fed "to swine and poultry, iind some men makes a business of catching them. On IStu Juue, after a etorm, Cape. Downs, with a trap of hiB own invention, caught 1000 'feet,1 and between tho 15tli of Juneand April his aggregate catch was 19,1100." , ?UANLAV IN PENT;ENTIARY. - When Hanlan, America's celebrated oarsman, visited tho Penitentiary at Kingston, he found that an arch had been erected over tho Btone yard bearing the inscription in green, very cleverly executed by one of the prisoners, .'Hurrah for Hanlan 1"-with a shamrock and a pair of crossed skulls on one side, a shamrock and Hag on tho other and the havp of Ireland beneath. As the party were leaving the yard one of the convicts stepped up to the champion aud presented him with, a pendant for a watoh chain, of a horse and his rider, beautifully carved from a plain piece of bono. Hanlan s appealanoe m each room -was the tigual for every man to momentarily quit work to take a glimpse at the celebrated oare man, with whose doings, in spite of their dungeon wulls, many of thum seemed well acquainted. 'THE EVIDENCE or A GHOST.-Murderers liave inmnny iu8tanc98 baen uonvicted and oxeonted by evidence that was elicited through the agency of a dream or some vague ghost story. . It is not generally known,, however, that two men were executed in the North of England, a little more than two bundroit years ago, by tbu testimony of a ghost. la 1031, u woman named Ann Miller wus mur dered at Chesterle-street. Her ghoat, ac cording to the local redords, appeared to a miller who resided in tho neighborhood, aud told him itho story of her .murder. He in fprmod the magistrate, who issued warrants for. the arrast of John Walker and Mark Sharp. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, at tho next Durhnm ABsistes, found . guilty, and exeouted upon no other evidence than the Btory of'the miller. Neiccattle Courant. AN EXCEEDINGLY MARBIED MAN.-Un easy lies the head that wears a crown applies particularly, one might think, to tfho King1 of Siam, who has, or had, COO commissioned' wives nnd 2.100 wives by brevet, all of them living in one vast palace nt Bangkok. Moi-t men would rather relinquish all power and royal authority than be quite so much married ; but, we presume, the polygamous sove reign has got accustomed to hia super, abundant connubiality. He is said to be nn amiablo and enlighted Prince, and to be sufficiently advanced not to grieve over tho reoent death of the white elephant, n. sacred beast among tho Budhists. lie i probably thinks his 8000 wives elephant enough for him without concerning himself about the actual quadruped. Ho must be amiable, surely, to get on smoothly, tia he is said to do, with 3000 women, all of whom nro reputed to esteem and like him. Wo wonder how lie manages. There must ba Boirio subtle secret in it which the Western world has never divined. Why doesn't ho givo his views on the Woman Question so niuoh diEonssed of luteP His multifarious experience has empowered him to speak intelligently, and his opinions would have weight. It would bo very interesting to know how one man can livo corafortubly with flOOO women, when so many men Qnd it very hard to livo oomforlably with one woman. 