Land Office The following selections were taken up at the Queanbeyan Land Office on Thursday last:-- John Grehan, section 21, 40 acres, parish of Ellenden, county of Murray. James Theodore Josephus Bruning, section 21, 80 acres, parishes of Weetangara and Canberra, county of Murray. Luke Culverwell, section 21, 40 acres, parish of Carwoola, county of Murray. John McInnes, section 21, 40 acres, parish of Amungula, county of Murray. Dwyer Donoghue, section 13, 40 acres, parish of Yanunumbeyan, county of Murray. Joseph Harris, section 21, 40 acres, parish of Narrabundah, county of Murray. For o-iti for0natrin of. ouCiuliohi readera' we lbeg to i. nioinod6tlithlibm that his "Gracei Dr. Vaughan, Archbishop of Sydney, has appointed the Rev. J. W. Taylor, late of St. Mary's Sydney, to assist the Rev Father McAuliffe in the mission of Queanbeyan. Tih offlcial letter.frbuni thb '?Vicar.G'eneral's officeb annnouncinig the appointitmenthas come? to ?andanid telio r`v :gfintlemiar is. e'xpectred to ?rrive'in town to dety'-and --will addressi the 'bongregationv at' St! Gregory's ?Jat' 1i o'clo'k! l ass tinitiorrow, ' Suan?dy,' Juily 2list Webid th' Rev. Father`iTylomi. a'coidhil' weoltot? 'to the district; arid ciiingratunilatc Ehi! wrthyp riest who lies laboured'winiric mlisn siun duriig 'ith past tpttn 'years'wsthoutli yi a.a di:tant niielho liewlt s done'thew vrk :of Othe niissi'ui faithfillyNannd .well, ?to-havii'now .asc'urod the services 'of anotheir ithio ` di'ubt willshare' .wi?tih 'hinli eh buirdens'? of ,th i?,iaiistr.' "Aid' w.Icorgritulate't theio ipieople, 'tio.idspechilly ?the congregations at luingeiiliuhsrut lilakingtown '',and i, Micalugo, fur +ti attend 40 tohest ' .spieeially lieas the isecond p riui t b'iee oippu?ii edo i?itis' missi' tio The Rev. Father Taylor will reside with Father McAuliffe. We can assure him that he comes to very comfortable quarters, for the presbytery has lately been enlarged, and it is quite a different house to what it was when Father McAuliffe took charge of the mission. "=iInsolveney-Williami Georgo' Lloyd,. of Mi3cl agoº;,i e'iiinakbor, audi_ :farn tr irh'ss ti i ti iiatd h is.sintentii to apply to th? .colrt fo i cei:t if?ut of• e iftornitiyt . r" y :,i ,:; jl'tfoIgr. e - Mr. , eF o , late tale egra Phlut pro')t.ineor .at. Gui uapbell ion n lies: =been appoin ted .tmitrtiontnmitu r at t ]3uiien dire 1r A'mbrosoehas r tuirn.d ti"oulburi. 'The old'and well-known hbii"estead', Dods worth forming the eastern' boundary of the town i of Qnianbeyan, for some time in thie hanids of Mir W.L'G." O'Neill for sale, has been disposed of 'to'Mr W. Wire, jun., for the sul; of £850.' It is to. lie hoped that Mr Wire will liose ni time in grubbing out the forest of, briar'i bushes now so injurious to that and the adjoining lands.' There has been a splendi I fall of rain in this district since our lIsat issue. It has the appearance of being general, without any present indication (Friday afternoon) of ces sation. Ample for immediate requirements has tlready fallen in this district, and if we have much more we may expect floods. .Aay how it will do incalculable good. We live in anrt age of progress, and our own district is not without evidence of it-at Iast. in the heavenborn gift of poetry. The for mer days-when poor Hugh Valiance and genial Bushman, with others whom we used to consider gifted by the muse-are quite eclipsed by the present generation of local candidates for the laureate's throne. It is but recently that we had occasion to notice in the most laudatory terms some effusions which have attracted considerable attention here abouts. But for the creme de la creme of these recent productions commend to us. the following, fresh as it is from the poet's fertile brain : THE AUT'HOR'S PRAYER. My ever-respected Mrs. Fre lerick Cole,' '' . I hope God will for ever bless your soul, And forgive you all your sinsi For having three times brought forth twine. "" Your infant son, that, lovely oftspring, ;. Let him be called Gidley King; 'And when you are in the decline of lifd, may'your days merrily roll r With your lovely Elvina and Gidley King Cole. , May his Lxcellency Sir IHereules Robinson com? : mand ' His minister to give you one thousand acres as a grant of land. Oh ! could I write an illuminated address, I would therein you fruitfulness express. .But that may not make the esteem the less Of your affectionate brother, RonaaTa McFAraaa., Our attention has recently been called td Ishe high upset price of certain town allot. 'riients-Ll2 to L20 per acre-at Gundaroc, to be submitted for sale by the 'crown lanrds isgent at Queanbeyan on the 31st instant. Of course many of the unsophisticatad read and wonder why it is that in flourishiug and ;populous towns like our own town-lots are submitted lay the government at LB per acre upset price,, while in a village containing . mere handful of people like Gundaroo build-. "ing lots should be rated so muchhigher. Now, to solve the mystery, next to a. local neanuanr iven esurs an , iwndefs;..hio I,-.i. -. :paper correspondent. If he doesn't write up his own locality then take thy pen and write us down an ass. Gundaroo affords indubita -ble evidence of this; so much so that those who know the celebrated locality only by re port believe it to be one of the leading and most thriving townships of the colony. Thus on one occasion during a parliamentary de bate anent an item on the estimates for some hlittle Pedlington - possibly of more real sig nificance than even Gundaroo-an hboon. mem ber opposing the item was reported to have observed that the item in question was more even than impoitant places like Goulburn, Gundaroo, or Braidwood were entitled to. But successive governments are also carried away by the same delusion; for no place of like propo, tions can beast of a bench of six magistrate=, a fine court-house" with attached offices of the cosiest character, expensive and extensive police-quarters, recreation ground witl a yearly grant for its improvement, and other royal charters too numerous to mention. '.Vit1. their existing belief oif the importance it fl e p" lh-i iid the politieal ifl aence it til, Is, woulo Id l i ii y of the d sy dare to ry tu li ~ih rjic? d railway to Coou," by any .t ier ro?'tel hIi' vi' iGurlaiiroo ? ond would .hiy .i so wantniigi.i b isie,,s ca pacit, as to ell ti t'o ,l nll,ituiei ts-nt . Gui. darof r the lii rty.h, , wtAli 4wy val. e the lots of {u~I1,at'?'? C iltt|'v in,| tl,.|l .-Brishp ? t .3 t idivldtgl l ,ioii.1 uilentive, pop irtiicuiu t pissu-oe'dt or real,,, hits iilways,to en ptLU ,aiur :: , r the.V i de `Bai New fom:.'rn Gi ahains Creek?? Itlappears Oip tt arp lt ýpar tyinIo five tnavvies, ?vworking ni thle riiiwy 1lie, ltd beon .iiid theim wiigesu on :rthe usuialdy list reek iand hiiadliubseque?tly utvested a bottle. Howii ei rthe_ nav y*? party went to their ecamp an:id were p??iepajred to be friendly with ill"coiie?o.is. Some abori .gitiils vli:i'i?ero in theV icinity liad been wathiir their- adi rient--to camp, and with a:tiioblenbes-i eride .ili iýO t theirtu".isavage nitituitei ilol\ved-theo?nid tieil without:;in-. t6olo'euience to dejposit thlircliqud 'tr'eaqsui e 'iii'tieo'iut" The 'bhicks thear 'Tot Alp a r~iabiftigliH sho??' t twiidice'off' fi'iiiil? de "cded'il i'li~ i uert i ?tlet ;nvivies'= itteintion to i the-y Iphi otpo vert e~h:iti lid:i lhe ,r:tfl w'ren, who, wore just in the condi tioi to en]y, a S1lectatr.le ?ii the K nid left thiou hut toi see fuir1 phly .itetwelr the =:s ialo cqitmnbiit'auii~j : ,l; lieiilaseitct Jwils' duly t, oed tly oeitet the ysiaei, hon husil beeº I vntr?i. i cuiiit'il th esi;coveted. inUi t il iid tlutlhio: ile pportunity oilfe gii, cied , ti ;shafild? r the6twerMlo glyred 'a iS'not a'etltladiisit rwv'iearl l n dotilid itlast tl'nl dii?niilteli tiiit %le~i i iitire di stiitl'lt ititti.r' 10 010Willewss hurt ¾ii~ttl tiltii 0' w?Iose identity could ?hotbae disgcovieel ,o iuci for: the sp eri rty t'lie noile-: ,r On l cstStidtura cehild tuner.itrutes, it iripiel I) aeid two I e! s itid four attoil ttis wis, lostuiii thii, huOih'ithree ,aileshi'frotmti Warriito aind iv nt'silht' foiid till "NsiLnliy itlaoi -i ilckit' tinie b rcloc'T e -e cir out to stiuiiis leitlin'i tiithie tnbirtoiin iti nits ing oftthe child niise bry' the mither' -itoingto a ceek. seine "200 `ya'dsiisvay ti' 'e jhei two other chit, li in over tO deli ve a ites e at a. " lghbor'iil She left I eit (obde "to oe o'cl ckrwhInsiot - over;q?usith.ert tIa? ithourn a ~ti', ?iild upeli turning? tlhel tihe 'i hl iitwave stmi;hsn.D -iiislieritt se.i; chi Weililtt).ide biy 'theopit lets andteighbours : p to il14uldiify oi Suid-tyuwit;iutirsuccehiis 'ruli tievs oei th s-loiswas thsen' snt to ber siut- Inspectr I "B?i":Ernyit itail he' wint . tblack: ttriacket ,it m.ince pi?r ceedei tout to thei' l icfity, i:iand ti i fe'Ilowio"ri' the search, :! eiblac kl til?ackeri??~ (Jity Briid) Wcsitetwe ti.p i thie tdi iksiof, the chid itz tein cllc k i', n?i? r.htiit t i toutiltben th ne t toorritnir the' hllid 'Wi? di i'dtltjni'nx n mth'oi atloenty lldi';Ho did itilt i'l4lti n ia ell tih ti on-t: ? um-.i th .o" rm'nid Ho leastiie f wi ly Hod tt. seig(edir lie da ::i gers fut iejUc?sic lbeaitteo cry,outd Daln dye ulddy"fiddy?';:he fiy ',t as ti pmefect he h ead ilh itild ' at ,i-ce?' coinetienced tr ;ei.tHoy H(ine iiouishinemetut hat, the naiitter ilefore hi witrh is. t sual?f re -t'li'ic?oultd pHroiht with, iim Grei t trhe is' du' to the surn def round t nhineighlibour."fotic thu mannerin which they 'turzto'.eloot'ti seor cli for the utissit - little i?onfi i?td if' theo cliil I ahid nut teeiit lfurid "' oni'dti yity it was the in tentiurit tifttt'i, Yitss residents to go`out ltid join't iiitithe erch Yiiss Oou'rier.i tAOh:inanrli an he; ne??iw lc ihTiis 'repcr-`liih ted by- thCell teilat Couriter toIn we com unitted suicide 'lastt (Vediiesdiy itdile t eriy stinil citciruiistiAnces. Ah LTacki ;wasit",hawkhi r t:esidi?i at. Stei i'rli tz, an thibukineit a shorth tine ia tof dreturning to the lowiry la hitid l e'hopeniled negitiit tiittoni ' ith-ithcouittryvma nitmined Hoy :line tfior the purchise of hits effects kand tlia siniess"i Hoiy : l;Hue lis ventithbut with -Alib lc'noriler't'oleiin' his rounds for iei trlie s: `iee owi:blt itt the end of that tiite the: wilyHso 3it Hue declined t, iiiro iee'd fuoiuthi thell Iitterlitn dter linde wl i riii td.:y f? the tinme he had spen to viihi Ah lTck, who very naturially re= Yused" lhs ;node t; request. . Huy lice,, `how ever, hi outhtt the matter befoire it select, comnttittee: of , Celestials, whii leci led thiit Al) Tack should pay hiIii. £5,, nd ittlot eil ed:MrAh Tack that in default tIdatliotI w l ve ni luitk in business, that his liaise would ;:bei ntnerl downt, ait that theltitst titiue theilevillitet' him itt thge ie lile' wvuld 'ceraiitily -'hatighimn. Ah il'ii'ck'lieitet 01)11 ,rthliet thorn pity, the itilty npoo@i, 'wentinto Mr Roilaitn "iI- 1sal, pserrted hiiself with a ihiuge ai'lontted. Ah I.'ack h id tio resison to tulr lioverty iishould he pay the £5, tor lie is known to be the possessor of a house a£3iO" in rrish? . iandblank deposits to the extent uf £1000. .A clever: piece of work (says the Even ing News) has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Klepto mania does not confine its victims to valuables in the shape of maney ,or jawellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellenlt fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half-hour forenoon interval. In one branch of the lanls diRice a day has never passel over without complaints of some unsernpulons hand being Iaid on lunch baskets. One gentleman was vie timised four times successively not a week ago, andl the horrible presentiment carie to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bri'.g the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar einetic. At aui'out , the chief felt disinchuned to dine, aiud at 2 wina sure he was attacked by cholera rr typhoid. Half are hour later the real symptoms were apilparent, and the sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tablets drew nigh. Ee was sure he was going to give up the ghost, as he had hiad~a;fear'ful dose; but instead of that. 'gav i~lr the dinner. Traces of many a lauilnted tit- oit were forthconring, and the chief in due course was led back a boeter and.a lighter man. He has since petitioned for the removal, it is said, of the chief conspirators on the ground of insubordination. The following accident has been com municated to the Braidwood Dispatch: \--As Mr James Henry, .Nerriga, was re turning from his bark mill at Quiera, on the afternoon of Saturday last, he found ia" man tnamed Thomas Warnick lying near the road side, with one ,of his legs badly broken between the knee and ankle. i:lire poor fellow stated that he was on his,: way from Nerriga to his bhorne nat 'Tobo, on Friday, and when near a place '.known as Togo turn off, his horse fell ailnd' rolled over him, bruising him imuch, arild breaking his leg. It -was raining all "thatida'y and night, so Ire suffered very 'iriulCh, being iiearly thirty hours without f'i`d "or nourishmenlt. Mr Henry put on sorne sp lints arnd bound the leg up with hiir lihandkerchief, ind then returned to liis,?'citil, for nourishmlent and ai sistaince. :_ jearrtirre Mr Whelan ar rived frcmn .Togo station, having found iWtarnick's:horase near his place with the .?sitddle on.i;lHe:suspected somnething Was ':wrong i' :?Acarut:'was brought from'the 'sttionl? aMid?'d-lthi'sibwn request' the suf fetri or:wais ?finr ivarded to the Sassafras, thi'nce to Nod'wr?i'fo r''medical aid. War ?ri ais"a very-steiid3 ' industrious young mnan anid reat syrirpathy is felt towards a(i:Su'nd?l tli .7tli iristant, (says the l\udeei Ir?ndependenrt) a grievous accident ioccurred on Bormhira Hill, by which Miss Lizioe iMillett,. eldest daughter of the ,esteeiiled ?lost of the Imperial Hotel, Market-s.treet, received a variety of in jurieA10vhich will confine her to her room r'.lhaisany weeks to come. It appears tlitlt'Miss Millett and a lady friend were dcornirig dowin'the Hill, when they saw a imal iithirow fiiom his horse. The animal griIlloierld tutvards therr at at great speed, pni?sired bsi mate of thie thrown rider. I he"': .two ladies tried to stop thli rui ;ilway, atirrl siceeded in turnrig it back, wlhen the ,bipied on horseback, who ap peiiread tipsy, rode over Miss Millett,ita ;flictiigi a ,rluinber ;of, ghastly wounds ;upoti Ihe, ?imnongst others it large trinangu illr;ý wourrd'?I st'riling the skin off tlhe Sri;girier -Ilirtiinrr of her forehead, causing :it t?"liatirtg-`dlown over her eyes. Her jaiw i bi"'Ukei n rin two l,laces, and her face is lbiiised rit? ii k'hockiug' manner almost be oud r .recognitii., The drunken iuthiai; r?l'e, off' without stopping to ol. quu?',t hait injury hle inlicted, but strong hopes are entertaired that he will be dii covetred., ?lie disgraceful furious riding whiich ta.kes place along this road on Sun day demands vigorous treatment at the hands of the police. Dr Newton has been in assiduous attendance on Miss Millett, and does not aplprehend any serious results though the injuries arc ex cruciatingly painful. Dora Smith, on remand, the wife of William Fell Smith, publican at Binalong was charged at the Binalong Police Court on Friday, the 12th instant, with cutting and wounding one John Smith, a groom in the employ of her husband. Mr sub inspector Brennan of Yass prosecuted, and Mr James, solicitor, of Burrowa, defended the prisoner. 'The depositions previously taken were read and the following witnesses examined: The apprehending constable, Patrick Green, John Smiith, John Perry, and Dr Perry. The prisoner who reserved her defence, was committed to take her trial at the Yass Assizes on the 1st October next. Bail allowed, prisoner in the sum of £300 and two sureties of £100 each. Southern Argus. A Mr Colenman, who was lately 'travel ,liirg; with cattle, is suplposed to have'becn drowned in the Murru ahidgee. AA horse, with a wet saddle o:r anid every appear ance of having crossed at river, has been folurnld and recoglaised ias the one Mr Cole iran rode. The Waigg.a Advertiser reports that four Jaane1i:se gentlemen - comnlmissioners- ianssed through tlrhat town on Wednesday lai 'heir wvay to Mellrourne where they will stay fir at week or teoi days, a.nd thien i'eturnr to VWaggll,. We uderstand 'tl!halt tihey, are travelling through the Australiias to gain inflrl'natic ll about' 'patoral.mIRat ten's, and are purchlasi'n?g sheep forttrans pIortattilon to Jalipan, anid are also buyers rif wool. Theiy carme direct' froam lHong Kong to Sydney. They llapear not .to have aipproved thie. Chinese shleep, but are much ile-ased with the Australian breed. They have madle some purchases: .o merinocs from some of the best Northern flocks, amongst others those of Mr White. It is not improbable that this is the com mencement of a lucrative trade for New South Wales with Japan. ' . Adelaide, Monday.- English papers received by the Tanjore describe Allan as "a c'ouching panther ;" Boyle as " the very devil;" .and Splffrthl as.' the demon bowler.' The Sporting Life says that Horan's defence is simply perfect.- A verdict of wilful mtirler has been re. turned against the man 'Burke, for mur dering Mr Mlaunsell at Morahiel station. -Charlrs'Lane, late secretary of a build. ing society, attempted suicide by shooting himself, and now lies in a precarious con dition. Newcastle, Wednesday. - Andrew Johnson, P. colouredl mant, was charged at the Police COurt with stabbinlg James Downey, at Bullock Island. Downey ideitified Johnson as the tutu who stab bed him, and died this morning. - He leavws a wife and family. A man nnmed lMurray has bhen arrested at RFay ont suspicionof murdering a man at DarlingtOu Point, Murrunm bidgee River. A man named Sims,. aged "77 .'ears was gored by a cow at Oullenbone, Miudgee, .last week. The horn entcred the abdomen a littlepabove the.groin,. ponelrtig rtnearly tothe spine antd pa)rti tlly' disemboweliing hiim. 'Dr' Rowling was sent foi', nnd on arrival roplaced the intestines, and made the poor old fellow as comfortaile as the dangerous wound wouild permit, but he holds out little hope of recovery. James Downie, the victim in the stab bin, case at" Bullock Island, died on Wednesday morning, at Newcastle, from the effects of the wound inflicted. His dying deposition was taken before the magistrate on Tuesday. Johnston, who, it is alleged, caused the wound, is in cus tody,; . bail refused. 