V1DDS AND ENDS FROM THE OLD. COUNTRY,, frió» OUB COBBI WOXMBÍT.] 1 LONDON. MAY Hfc *, *« inst at the end of the Easter recess, Si suspect even those inveterate grumUors ?(klHouse who inveighed against the *. ol Ministers in dispensing for so , » time with Parliamentary surveillance "'ia ta dad to have another week of .1 air hofore resuming their taak of \ZÏi\m There has been some delicious ffsy bather, and tho Londoners y.±o ""^i *^hcre-jnywhero out of tho smoke," k.vs had aa unusually good time. May-tiny, AM ss ßenially warm as if it had boon .tho IlThoUday instead of tho now, and wo had nd ourselves twelve days further advanced. Wis the summer. But tho old May-d0y Zrvance is fast dying out. Thero ta no liv rising for tno Mav dow-no ev^ming i,"o* round tho v May-pole-no j^ck-in the*reen-no May music, save of tho birds ; ¿t even tho clatter of tho sweeps' luusb and shovel. iEven down ir j pastoral Davon, who"6 tho air 5s horiVy wit'Q the scent 0( spring flowers, I saw but c,no May-day gjiland, and. that was on tho golden head of ¡little granddaughter, whoso, nurso had an .ve for tho picturesque. I had hoped tho docent Floralia of old Enr;land would have lated my time ; but innov ation travols now ly express. However, Vf " tho old order ¿sgeth," the now to w£ich. it yields place isa many compensation?,. If thero has been »good deal of time wrested in rabid political declamation (and, really, tho violence of Messrs. Gladstone an-¿ Bright has been almost tiiBiacal), theioha-.-o been plenty of musical meetings-plenty of gatherings for martial eiKciBoand mani y sport. And no contemptible jnsy of British, subjects showed themsolvos ,t the Parisia'a celebration of Wednesday Isst-tho most brilliant May-day festivo] the world'ha-'i overseen. In spite of incom pleteneer,, in ,many details, tho great "Expo ation ir, thus far a triumphant success Never, surely, did a nation exhibit a more wonderful instance of recuperativo energj th« France has displayed in thus koopinj eraa-honse to entertain the world so FOO: rfter an aEony of conflict, loss, and disaster Indeed, despite all tho warnings of histori md experience it is difficult to look at th( ? present attitude of Franco without some con fidence in her future-some belief that she ii tearing a fabric of well-ordered freedom whicl the will for onco not bo in hasto to pull down Yet I cannot but feel that tho Republic wouh be really safer if it were in a littlo mon .pparent danger. "While the Constitution wa being strained and the law violated to koo] them down, tho senso of a common wron) ind a common peril held all tho sections o lie Left together. Now, they oro no longe threatened from without. Tho Orleanist icoept the Republic ; tho Legitimists or tonk to a pitiful fraction, and oven th Napoleonists have ceased to form a compac , . Opposition, many of thom inclining to tren the Misting order of things as compatibl with their own principles. As for th Marshal, he seems to get on moro corr fortably with the existing Ministry than h ? did with the Due de Broglie ; they havo a overwhelming force in tho Lower Chambe ind a working majority even in the Sen at < which eaves him a great deal of trouble. Th Republican party have borne adversity nobly bow will they bear the monotonous comfort « prosperity Î If they can but resist tho tota] tatton to quarrel among themselves, or .specially if Gambetta sets himself resolute! tgsinst any revival of tho Commune, Frani , may in a few years find herself far Btrong Iban she was under tho showy but corruj system of the second Empire. At arl event the wise of order is safe for some months come. .'But to return to îïngland. While I w, speaking of the amusements and politic excitements of our Easter vacation, I mig have bad the grace to say something of t] season in its religious aspect. Any fj . observer must have been struck with the gre amount of religious observance, and its gen tilly reverent* and well-ordered charach Alarmists may say what they will about t; "Mcgrees of Ritualism, but while so mai ftaoiand churches of the English establia ment were daily open, and 'filled with atte tive congregations, even zealots on the wat for something to find fault with, could fii but few and trifling occasions for complaii Here and there indeed, one heard tho cry "Wolf,"hy no means creditable to those w raised it, The services at St. Paul's were vc frequent, and attended by largo numbers the working classes. A notice was issu by a certain association-" very Protestan like Mrs. Varden-announcing that ono these services was to be of a Popish charact in honour of "tho seven dolours of our Lor ud calling on the true friends of the Chui to assemble outside tho Cathedral, and prqt .^or in other words, get up a row. . This p eious notice proved to be as false as .it v calculated to be mischievous : the :eerv "Md for tho time in question boro no spec Mae, and consisted merely of short pray «nd congregational hymns. . It is sad to ».n pretending to defend tho principles the Reformation by scandal and uneharitat ness: especially sad, becauso "by such j ceedings they encourage the very evils tl profess to deprecate. Persecution, raises epirit of resistance. As far aa I can see, wo extreme parties in tho Church both p ato the hands of Romo in different wo rt u' aU.that;- ** is a mistake to supp 'tat Romanism makes any serious progrès; ; ti« country. It is, however, said on otter hand, that there is a great incre M infidelity. ? This, again, I venture to do *e pf the most interesting and most j (tang questions of the present day is thai . «e influence of modern science, or to sp «ure correctly, scientific speculation on re'i °W belief. We accept indeed without r pvug a thousand useful inventions whwh we to applied science, inventions whi.ch PWrte labour, facilitate locomotion, wer disease, and add generally to the com «a enjoyment of life. But when seien ? Hatead of confining themselves to p ^awfulness and the supply of recogni , wants, attempt to solve tie mysi «we, and speculate with Mr. Ephraim : «Moa.on the "cosmogony or creation of SÄJ 18 8ENERAL alarman d uneasin ^tadea of worths/, earnest people beli W te read Darwin is to be lost, and 1 ZKTT?,68 o£ tHe revolutionists .^ thousands to Atheism. Now kZnf My ^at Bh,¿h fea " aw absolu ?gje* Some able m-tn 'and plans ""W*-.«oing beyond DarWs theories disdaining Professor uynâaii's concessions' to the amiable weakness of faith, have professed to trace tho human animal back to the simplest material rudiment, through a long series of changes and developments all purely material. And these teachers have a few logical disciples-more logical, perhaps, than themselves- who hold that mon thus'derived and descended'is but "the cunningest of Nature's clocks'," and therefore as utterly void of spiritual ossexico or moral responsibility as ono of Sam Slick's eight-dollar time-pieces. But such logical solf-abasement is, I am con- vinced, v'¿ry rare. The sort of materialism which *jiost abounds ot tho present time is not t"no formal denial of the moral and spiritual olomont in man, but practical in diit'orenco to tho higher aims and claims of life. There aro multitudes who never doubt their own immortality, because they never think of it, and profess themselves Christians without any sense of responsibility attachod to tho profession. They aro either absorbed in tho struggle for wealth or in tho eager enjoyment of tho luxuries and excitements which wealth supplies. They do not deny their own higher attributes ; they simply ignoro thom. Such men would got moro good from sharing for a week the lifo of a benevolent, self-denying enthusiast like Professor Huxley than harm from rending all the most dangerous passages in his works. I have said something like this before, but tho more I observe English society tho moro do I feel convinced that a vast deal of pulpit eloquence is wasted on rare cases of scientific unbelief. For ono man who resigns his immortal birthright for a theory a thousand lose sight of it in eenauality and self indulgence. And I think that religious belief iu' England owes some debts to modern science, which ought to bo but are not fully acknowledged. The abject superstition which called itself spiritualism has almost dis- appeared from this country-one no longer hears of "mediums," "planchettes," "dark seances," and all tho jargon of an imposture, which if it did not necessarily unchristianize its dupes, at least unfitted them for a rational and elevating faith. This happy riddance has from first to last been the work of science. Table-turning went rapidly out of fashion from tho time that Faraday and Alderson reduced to a mathematical formula . the tho mechanical agency to which its pheno- mena were due. Cook and Maskelyno have more recently exploded all the jugglery of tho spiritualists by producing all and moro than all thoir vaunted marvels in tho utmost perfection through an . ingenious application of powers supplied by science. However great the pleasure of being cheated, sane people will not hold themselves indobted to the ghost of their grandmother for the performance of tricks which for holf-a- crown they .can seo bottei dono by subtle mechanics. Psycho, Zoe. and " John King " have demolished tho strong- holds loft by that worthy's disclosures to a poo remnant of his confreres. Let mo close this subject by a few final words on a scientific marvel, more Marvellous than oven the wonders of the Egyptian Hall-Herr Gümpel's nev« automaton, chess-player. It has not yet beer oxhibtcd. in public, but the inventor-a mern ber of tho St. George's Chess Club-kindly admitted mo, with perhaps a dozen othe: spectators, to a private sitting. I will tel exactly what I saw and ascertained. " Me jihisto"-on imposing figure, gotten up muel as we have seen the evil one in " Faust " has his legs and the lower part of his trunk o leather ; his chest and right shoulde» are full of elaborate machinery. He is seatec in, but not attached to, a common orm-chai standing loose on tho floor. Before him is ai ordinary writing table, also unattached, ot four solid wooden legs. Its only peculiarity is in the middle, portion, the top of which i a chess-board with a hollow below about thi size of an ordinary table drawer. The chai and table stand temporarily in a small half furnished zoom with perfectly solid walls Mephisto takes the first move ; his long india rubber fingers close vertically on the piece h means to move or romovo, grasping it wit] equal accuracy, whether king or pawn, am simply lifting it from a . metal peg whicl forms the central point of the square to se it down outside the board if captured, or o: its new square if moved. "But when Mephisto' adversary plays, he must press dow: the piece on its square before moving it, an. again on setting it in its new place, evident! pressing a spring in so doing, which some where somehow records the change made i: the position. Thia, of course, is intelligibl enough, and of courso ono sees wh Mephisto's own moves need no sue mechanical record. But then, this is all ; thci is 'no possibility of a man or even a chil bo'ïng concealed in or near the figure, and th p'layer-for of courso there is one-is certainl not in the' IOOTO. Only three men in Londo could have ylayed tho second game I sav which was veon, after a sharp struggle, of D Bollard, ona of the strongest players at th St. George'fj. From tho style of the finish was morally convinced that tho actual play« was Herr/ Zukertort-not Inkertort, as to m sorrow tho namo was misprinted in former .letter-and, in this belief seven strong chessplayers present, agreed wit me. But how does tho player, i another room, know what has been played and iaow does he ' set in . motion tho curiov. machinery by which Mephisto's move : maiJo ? Herr Gümpel told me that it took hil nearly three years to perfect the automaton shoulder joint ; but the . perfection of tl vi?iblo mechanism does not touch tho difl onlty. One thing, by the way, I omitted 1 mention. Tho figure is not wholly détache from the table. Ero ' play begins, Mephisto : bowed forward, and a- metal hook at his gird! is clasped to tho chess-table, wiiere he assum< a posture of attention. But this realty throw very little light on the problem, , which commend to the study of the curious; It is not pleasant to pass from this har'mle; mystery to tho perplexing puzzles of war an diplomacy. One would weary of the Easter Question were the interests involved loss in portant. Just now, however, there aro som novelties in the situation which give it a fres interest, and, on the whole, a more hopef i aspect. The real history of tho Russo-Turkis war of 1877 will, I believe, never be writtei Results which were really due to intrigue, 1 bribery, to the jealous efforts of Pashas < Stamboul against Pashas in the field, will I attributed to the irresistible valour of sore Russian regiment ; to.vthe masterly manosuv: ing of some general with an unpronounceab' I name. And as the struggle was main! between Russia' and Turkey, representin different sides of "the good old rule" '..'«« The simple pisa That they should toke who have the power, ? ??-> And they should keep who can" those who record it will be ant to overlook ti important influence exercised by lesser Powers, j The petty warfare in Montenegro occupied some 50,000 good Turkish troops who nïight else have been hurled on tho invader when least able to maintain his footing. Even Servia needed watching throughout, and hore an activo share in tho final catastrophe. As for Roumanie,, the valuo of her services at tho critical moment, when tho Grand Duke's force was beaten and demoralised at Plevna, and tho Czarevitch hard-pressed on tho Lom, i will bo guessed by fow and novor fully csti I mated or fairly recorded. Koumania is just now interesting to Europe as having afforded Russia a splendid opportunity for. ingratitude; and thus deopened the growing aversion to regeneration a la Russo ; but she cannot afford to subsidiso the European Press, and i has hardly strength of voico enough to maleo her own story heard. But if the talo of tho ' past year is not likely to be .truly told, the facts of tho present seem in a fair way to correct somo conclusions which wero too hastily accepted a few months since. Tho collapse of thc Turkish resistance, and tho success of tho Russian invasion, seemed so complete after tho fall of Plevna and the advanco on Adrianoplc, that every one assumed Turkoy to bo virtually defunct, and credited Russia with an exuberant vitality. Till tho treaty was signed, tho dolay was all in favour of tho invaders, who occupied strong positions unopposed, made prisoners of troops who confided in a supposed armistice, and seemed to bo actually masters of every- thing outside Stamboul, and potentially of tho capital itself. But. it now appears that Russia has dono too much, and yet too little. She has aroused tho jealousy of Europe, without attaining that blessedness pf possession with which Bismarck made himself so cynically merry. lier armies have been fearfully reduced by disease and scanty supplies ; her lines of communication aro most inconveniently lengthened, and to keep her ground during the protracted negotiations for a Conference (which sho feels to bo inovitablc if she is to retain any of her spoils, yet will not frankly accept), brings a continual strain on hei finances. True, she shows signs of political vitality, but they aro just such signs as tho Czar regards with most dis- may ; conspiracies, factions, demonstra- tions, and revolutionary movements. The publication of Wjera Sassulitsch's history: her sufferings, her crime, her acquittal in th« teeth of her own confession, and her subse quent disappearance, has touched tho soresi point in the national feelings and produced ai . outcry against arbitrary imprisonment, secre tribunals, and torture under tho name of dis cipline ; in fact^against all tho most powerfu machinery wielded by a barbarous despotism Everywhere there is, patient instead o latent discontent. The Czar doe3 not fee safe without tho return of tho Impe rial Guard, and tho Grand Duke Nichole is wanted at home. Meanwhile the " defunct Turks aro giving pretty strong hints that th fight is not out of them yet, and that the; cannot safely bo ignored in tho proposei settlement. These mountaineers on the Rou molían and Bulgarian border have taken arm against the tyranny of the-Russians and thei " Christian " protégés j pleading the suprem law of self-defence, and, though the com mander of tho faithful affects to roprove then: he is doubtless well pleased that his Musec vite friends should taste those delights a guerilla warfare which they have so freely lavished on him. In and around Stambou too, the Russians no longer have it all thei own way. The visible weakness and vacille tion of the Sultan and his Ministers has nc been unmixed with a certain measure of Orier tal tenacity and finesse. As soon KS Englan invoked tho judgment of Europe on the treat; which was designed to make Turkey th vassal of Russia, they saw at once th admirable dilatory plea thus furnished then Whose dogs were they that they shoul anticipate the verdict of tho Europea Areopagus, by giving the Czar anything (ni already ia. his hands) which Christendoi might afterwards call on him to resign ? S they have stuck to Shumla and Varna-tl treaty of San Stefano notwithstanding-and seems by no means unlikely that they wi eveu keep Batoum till they are sure thi England will acquiesce in its surrender. I all events the two great European f ortresae so strongly garrisoned that there is no fear < their being taken by a coup de main, will 1 important make-weights in tho case of fres hostilities. Little by little, too, a stron defensive force has been gathered round tl Capital; and considerable works havo bee thrown up for its defence ; while the positic at Gallipoli has been made respectab tenable.' It is said that the Grand Dal Nicholas was only withheld by a sense < good faith from seizing on Constantinopl and that if a fresh war should seem inc vi tab his successor Todleben will have no sue scruples. For my own part, I bolievo the would have been no hesitation about seizir Stamboul had not Gortschakoff well know that such a step would at once havo broug] Austria as well as England into the field, ai placed the whole Russian force south of tl Danube in an utterly hopeless position. Tl pear was not ripe, and it was good senEe, n good faith, that prevented the Grand Du] from making a premature attempt to pluck "What would hove been dono had the been a hope of European acquiescence Ï may judge by the fate of Roumani Aá for Todleben, ho will doubtless little troubled with scruples, and it even conceivable that he might overlow political difficulties if the military situati were what it was two months ago. But t Turlrish forces now mustered for the deferí of tho capital under tho threo best gener: whom the war has brought forward, would formidable opponents even in a pitched batt and the ablest of Russian engineers knows t well what it would bo to attack thom behn entrenchments, even were there no. Briti force at hand to support them. The situati is becoming dai^y more embarrassing f Russia, distracted between the pressing ne for peace and reluctance to resign the spoi of war. She is exhausting all the resoui'c of her diplomacy in trying to cancel or expia I away, without actually unsaying, her refue to submit the treaty of San Stefano to I European Congress. Had Bismarck bei thoroughly in earnest in his attempts j mediation, some means would probably ha' I been found ere thia to obtain a . fi hearing for Russian claims, or at all even to ease the extreme tension of an armed vic lance, which the Czar .finds scarce less cost than actual war. But the terrible Chancel] thinks it enough to keep up a.good undi standing with "Vienna and St. Petersburg he leaves England to toke core of h own ; interests ; and' if Russia insists ' i further weakenin* and impoverishing h< self, . "why, he agrees with Roche- foucauld ' that in tho 1 misfortunes of our very best friends, " il y a toujours quelque chose qui ne nous diplait pas." How over, his lukewarmness in the cause of peace has led to a renewal of direct negotiations be- tween the English and Russian Governments; and now that Gortachakoff is shelved by gout, it will be strange indeed if Count Schouvaloff fails to find somo mode of explaining away & rash refusal, which was not his own. On the whole, tho. prospects of continued peace appear to be gradually brightening. It is of course absurd to suppose, as some of our politicians seem to do, that the mere holding of a Conference will make everything plain sailing, and supply ready means for harmon- ising discordant interests, reconciling hostilo races, turning superstitious savages into real Christians, teaching self-govcrnmont, like ehorthand, " in twelvo easy lossons "-in fact, for educing order out of chaos. But if once the representatives of tho great Powers meet, they can hardly, I think, for very shame, separato till they have agreed on somo scheme by which Slavs, Greeks, and Moslem can bo enabled to livo with or near each other with- out a desire for mutual throat- cutting. MAIL DAY.-There is little to add in the way of postscript-nothing indeed which modifies seriously cither tho Eastern crisis or tho political situation in England. Tho Government stands firmly on tho lines laid down by Lord Derby ; ready to court peace by every . means short of handing over Turkey to bo reconstructed as a Russian satrapy, though showing a preparedness for possible war which shocks the ex-Minister's pacific feelings. Count Schouvaloft's mission to St. Petersburg seems to promise a better understanding on the part of tho Czar of England's real objects. Should he-as Becms very likely-succeed Prince Gortschokoff, whoso state of health makes it improbable that ho will ever resume his duties, there is every hope of a peaceful result. At present tho humour of the Czar is supremo, and the issue of peace or war de- pends mainly on the balance of his personal hopes and fears. Lord Beaconsfield's majority holds well together, and tho Liberal party, except the extreme section, headed by Messrs. Gladstone, Bright, and Chamberlain, abstain from factious opposition. In tho extra- ordinary drawn battle of the Northumberland election, Mr. Grey would have had no chance-even in a country which has always had a small Liberal majority-had he not promised a general support to the Eastern policy of the Government. Lord Derby showed good taste the other day in reminding the " caucus," who complimented him on his sympathy with their "peace at any price" views, that this was not the time for trying to make political capital out of public diffi- culties. Ministers, however, will have a reduced majority when their dispatch of Indian troops to Malta, without notice to Parliament, comes to tho vote. They may have done well in keeping it dark, but they cannot fully state their reasons, which would be unpleasant to Russia, and not very com- plimentary to their opponents ; so they will bo hard hit in debate. Mr. Gathorne Hardy's outspoken pluck will be sorely missed on the occasion ; they should have postponed the "kicking him upstairs.1' The Prince of Wales has done golden sorvice by the straight- forward, friendly courtesy of his Parisian speeches; I do not remember a timo when the mimic cordiale was more a reality than at present. ' The Society of Friends have been presenting numerous petitions for " settling the Eastern Question by arbitration ! " They had better revive the scheme for extracting sunbeams out of cucumbers. NEW ZEALAND Pniso.s- LABOUR._"Mr. James Caldwell, Governor of the prison of Dunedin, Otago, New Zealand, has communicated to the English Howard Association some interesting particulars of his management of crimináis at the Antipodes. For fourteen years tho Otago convicts have been em- ployed in the destruction of Bell Hill, a lofty head- land, as high as St. Paul's Cathedral, which greatly impeded thc development of the rising colonial town of Dunedin. Tho Otago Wittiest speaks of the work as tho ' largest public undertaking yet attempted in New Zealand,' and adds, ' The facts connected with its removal constitute ono of the best commentaries on what can bo achieved by the judicious application of prison-labour on record. The efiect that the destruction of Bell Hill has had on thc settlement, commercial progress, and architectural grandeur of Dunedin, is best known to the old settlers. First Church, the Queen's Theatre, the Masonic Hall, Prince's-street, Cumber- land- street, Castle-street, the Hospital Grounds, Anderson's Bay Road, and tho Main South-road extending towards Caversham, all owe their forma- tion and erection to a very large extent to the levelling of this hill. Ali this has been accomplished without the loss ot life or limb. The sea shore reclaimed is studded with stores and warehouses, the iron horse travels daily, and finds a central resting place where the boats once sailed, swamps have been converted into gardens and ornamented with stately buildings all through the ruins of Bell Hill and the application of prison labour.' The criminals who haye been employed include both long-term and short term prisoners. The next great work which the prisoners will undertake is a -scried of har- bour improvements. Mr. Caldwell has not been insensible to the disadvantages of the gang asso- ciation of his crimináis, an evil more excusable in a young colony where labour is scarce than in a settled country like Great Britain. In a letter to Mr. William Tallacíc he writes :-* The reformation of criminals is a duty of the greatest paramount importance. If it is to be real and practical, it must have its root in religious influence. A criminal is not reformed bv mere pro- cess of criminal discipline, by cutting ofï his tobacco, by making him clean, by making him work, rise carly, lie down late, and eat the bread of carefulness. A criminal may bo'perfectly amenable to such a system, and yet remain a hardened, brutalized, desperate man. The chaplain must have the work in hand. For all chances of reformation depend to a great extent upon tho chaplain, the schoolmaster, and .the- proper train- ing of gnoi officers.' This last allusion to the value of religious and educational influence in gaol, and the proper training of prison officers, might with advan- tage bo increasingly acted upon in other countries besidesNew Zealand." THE reintroduction of Greek fire into warfare-its effect, of course, increased by modem science would (observes a London journal) riot be an inappro- priate if ghastly accompaniment of tho " New Cru- sade." It was during the Crusades of the Middle Ages that this destructive agent como into general notice ; and tho vaguely quaint description of tho his- torian will be remembered : ho described it as flying through the air about the bigness of a hogshead. At' a recent meeting of the Institute of Naval Architects a paper was read suggesting that a, jet of crude petroleum might be thrown upon the deck of an iron- clad with excellent results. Tho crew would be so scorched and smothered by the smoke as to be forced to- retire from working the guns, when a launch with a spar or other tor- pedo could approach and deliver the fatal blow. It was calculated that such a jet could be thrown three hundred feet with accuracy, apparently much after the fashion in which water is directed from a hose on a conflagration, only with precisely the contrary intent. Already the necessary apparatus has been designed; and it is believed that a single gallon of petroleum would render a hundred square feet ot surface uninhabitable hyman for some little time. It is alleged that a Russian commission which investi- gated the subject decided just before the opening of the campaign that liquid fire could be used against ships with success. It is not clearly explained, how- ever, how a barrel with Greek fire is to get as near as three hundred feet to an ironclad with a Gatling gun or two aboard «nd s careful watch on the look-out. 