South Brisbane Election. cb. [)d out to. 8, id A meeting of the electors of South Brisbane was held in the Oddfellows Hall, Vulture-street, last evening, for the purpose of of hearing the views of Dr. Prentice, one of the candidates for that electorate. There were about sixty persons present, and the utmost order and good humor prevailed. Dr. Purcell occupied the chair, and introduced the candidate as an independent man, and one who, if elected, would' look after the interests of the electorate. Dr. Prentice commenced his address by referring to the present unsatisfactory state of the country, and the way its affairs had been mismanaged by the Government. He attributed this in some degree to the dearth of good men in the Legislature, and in some measure to the compliance of successive Governments with the public demands, for which the public were of course responsible. The fact was, the public had to learn that there was no royal road to prosperity and wealth either for the individual or the community. They had been borrowing money in the past and carrying on works, but now all the excitement of it had passed away, and they found they had large debts and heavy interest to pay. Something had been gained in convenience, it was true, but very little in improved revenue. The public debt of Queensland was now ten millions sterling, and we were therefore, with the exception perhaps of New Zealand, the most heavily indebted community, in proportion to our population, of any in the world. The doctor then compared our indebtedness with that of other countries, showing that if we had the population of the United Kingdom our indebtedness, at the same rate would be £l,500,000,O0O._ The great public debts of European countries, too, he pointed out notably those of Holland and England-were owing to native holders, and afforded the best and safest mode of investment known in ancient or modern times, as it acted as a guarantee against dangerous and frantic speculation. It was now proposed to saddle us with an income tax, and he should not oppose that if he thought it likely to prove profitable. But he considered such a tax was likely to be evaded, was inquisitorial, caused irritation and annoyance to every- body, and produced very little profit. Some part of our expenditure on railways had been defrayed by sales of land ; but it would be found that by that plan was the most valuable portions of the land had been sold and the rest letton our hands. He compared our action in this to the conduct of the extravagant heir who raised money on post cards and enjoyed the present without reference to the future. A land tax, however, he considered just and necessary, It would re-establish the right of Government in alienated property, and the light so constituted would be indefeasible and could always be depended upon. The price of luxuries could then be maintained at the present rate of, and if it should happily come to pass in the future that income should exceed expenditure, then the price could be easily reduced. He hoped such would be the case, as in a hot climatelikothis some luxuries were really required. The danger of constructing railways with an inadequate population to pay for them was shown in the case of the magnificent railways which had been made in Canada by English capitalists but which to this day had never paid a single farthing in dividends since they were made. We had made railways and had to pay for them ourselves, and now found that they did not pay interest on the cost of construction. He was, therefore, opposed to the further construction of railways. One only exception he would make, and that, not because he was a candidate for the district, but because he thought it would prove remunerative. He was in favor of a line from South Brisbane to some part of the coast. He did not, however, believe in leaving the construction of it to amateurs, but would rather trust to the professional engineers. He had seen cheap railways in the United States, and could say the railways were bad enough, but the stations were barns. The Hue he proposed would benefit alike and equally North and South Brisbane, and might be looked upon as a North and South Brisbane scheme. It would attract a large passenger traffic and would occupy a position somewhat analogous to that of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway at home, which, with one short interval since its construction, had paid good dividends, chiefly derived from passenger traffic. It was necessary, however, that such a line should be strongly constructed, and he was in favor of its being entrusted to a prof et mon J engineer. Labor, however, had a supreme right to consideration, especially when we were bringing out shiploads of people to a labor market which was already glutted. He would be inclined to provide some other kinds of employment of labor which would be more profitable to the State. For instance, he would advocate the formation of timber nurseries similar to those which have existed in Victoria for many years. A Queensland commission had reported favorably upon the project, and the present Premier had called attention to the evidence which had been given by him (Dr. Prentice). Such plantations would be exceedingly profitable, and would also tend to increase the rainfall, and keep the ground in good condition. The construction of reservoirs in the interior would be another form of useful employment. The finding of fresh mineral fields was also calculated to attract a laboring population, and its encouragement by the Government, if well arranged, might lead to good results. The Education Act of 1874 he looked upon as a palladium, and to be preserved entire in all its main clauses. He would like, however, to secure a rest during the day for the female teachers, who were worked very hard through the day, with scarcely any intermission. If at any future time efforts should be made to alter the Act for the attainment of sectarian ends, it must be with- stood both by the people and by the Legislature. The constitution of the Civil Service required revision and should be approximated to the services in Germany and England, where there was more esprit de corps and the members were proud to belong to the service. No one should be admitted without a careful enquiry and a pretty severe educational test. European immigration was most desirable, but it had been carried too far. He was opposed to a Permissive Sale of Liquors Bill, as he did not think sumptuary laws had ever been useful, and such a bill would increase the evils it was intended to remove. He concluded by urging that retrenchment and economy must be the watchword of the new Parliament, and a policy adopted alike removed from sordid parsimony and the reckless profusion that had prevailed during the last few years. If the electors thought the members of the present Government had done well, they would have no difficulty in choosing their representatives. _ In reply to questions, Dr. Prentice said he did not wish to see Kanakas imported to compete with British labor, but he really did not see how sugar cane could be produced without a small supply of black labor. He was, therefore, in favor of admitting just so many as the sugar supply demanded. The proposed three million loan he thought was most damnable, and that it was not a genuine proposition, but only made to vex the Government. _ The South Brisbane Railway would, he considered, pay as a private company, and he would be prepared to take shares in it. The million loan proposed by the Government, if profitably employed, might not be so very bad. He was not sufficiently an engineer to be able to point out exactly the best route for the South Brisbane Railway to take, and would prefer to leave the matter in the hands of professional men. He pledged himself to resist any more Government railway making, and referred to a case in which a high official had discounted his information and spent £4000 in buying up land on the route of a projected line. He was not in favor of a line from Oxley to South Brisbane. He would be inclined to favor the simple reading of the Scriptures daily in the Government schools. There being no more questions, Dr. Purcell proposed the usual vote of confidence, which was carried without opposition, and the meeting closed with three cheers for the candidate. A STORY is told of a shrewish Scotchwoman who tried to wean her husband from the public house by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ?" said the goldman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. " I am Auld Nick," was the reply. " Come away', man," said John, nothing daunted. "Gie's a shake of your hand am married to a sister of yours." 