MOROWOLLEN. TnonsDAr last witnessed the. interesting ceremony of laying the corner-stono of a new church at Morowollen. The site consists of an acre of land the gift of Mr. Richard Chapman and forming part of his paddock and running alongside the road towards the old town of Marnlan. It appears in overy respect well suited for the purpose. The following is a brief description of the edifice which has been designed by the 11ev. Canon Sonares: -The building is to be early English in style, with lancet window at cast end, three small windows on south side, two, with porch, on north side. It is to be built of Wingello stone, in foot courses, hammer dressed; walls 12 ft. high from basecourse, with 20ft. rafters in roof. All face external work, pointed quoins, &c.;, chiselled. The length inside is to be 33 ft., breadth 22 ft.; accommodation for one hun. dred and twenty to one hundred and thirty persons. The cost, including seating, is estimatedatabout £500. The contractor for the mnasonry is Mr. W. Dunciu of. Goulburn. The term of his contract has three months to run from the present time, but it is ex pected that he will have completed his work some what earlier. A contract will shortly be takeni for the carpenters' and finishers' work. The weather proved favourable, 'though there' wis some appearance of min, and the attendance was very satisfactory and included many visitors from BuI gonia and Gonlbumrn. From the latter place passengers were conveyed by rail' at a single fare for the double journey. On the arrival of the train from Goulburn, his Lordship the Bishop, with the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe and the Rev. W. May. the incumbent, held a short service in the wooden building usedd as a temporary church' at. the, back of, Mr. Coombs's residence. The opening hyinn was the 251st and the lesson was from I Chronicles xxii. The build. ing was quite full, and some were unable to obtain admission. The Bishop,'the Archdeacon, the lievs. W. May, E. B. Proctor, and.W. W . M. artyn, and the congre gation then proceeded to the site of the new church, where the 145lth hymn was ssung, Mrs. May presid ing at the harmnonium, which had been lent for the purpose by LMrs. Miorrice of Glenrock.. Appropriate prayers were then offered by the Bishop. The Rev. W. May then said this was to him a proud moment. He was proud of the exertions of tihe people, and hoped they would all have reason to be proud of the building when completed. Unfortu nately on all such occasions as this it was necessary to speak of the money question, and while they" hasd gone a good way towards obtaining sufficient to pay. for the massons', work, they needed inuch more to complete the building. It would take about £280 to do this and to erect fences and supply a harmonium ; and ihe hoped that a great effort would to-day be made, so that those who had come here to takeopart in the proceedings might be sent away with bright faces. He would now read a paper which would be placed in a' bottle in a cavity beneath the. stonee together with the last number, of the Australian Clurchman and .a likeness of her Majesty in th1c shape of a coin. This coin would be but a three penny piece, and ihe thought le would do best by placing this small coin under the stone and layisig on tihe stone 19/j additional to what he otherwise could have done. -He tlioghtlier Majesty would approve of such au arrangement; and ihe hoped that others, would contributo 19/9 more than they intended when tlhey came.: The following is a copy of tlhe paper: Thlt Stonme as aidn by Mrs. Thomas cr thee chier: Corner cLaoe set .of Al Salts' Moooesells, a tie 2lht of Mrchl, it the ymer o oour Lort ithr and In thie fortn-irst pnsr of the rigll of her M Tlesty Queo lle ctria his Excetehee Sir dHercules (. Ie. Roblnso.n litdlshe, tC.h.1., boieg Govarse r o tes hl eoleon of Noew Souh WhVles; lc llhght llereme Frederick Barker, AD., Metropolmtan oetAstrali anud Thnallela; the lUght Iece. Mesea Thomas,. D.I)., D:lishol of this Dil.ces of BGoenInE-ie the neoernd Willia m ?ls ~i I.c . Inbrea u bst of North oulbnnc mid Memoesllon the leverond Canon Soares, architect; Mr.o icred Clhnpacc, donor of thi, e. il Messrs. John 3Iorrie, Thomas Brnccsll, OGeogeo Simpon, lciseslrcardeus. The stoe-uhaving eeun lowered, Mirs. Thomas, usilg a. silver tro\wel and myall. wood sallete, said. "I lay. this corner-stone, of a clureh to bear the name of Allt-aint'l Chlunch in the ame of thllc Father nud'o tle lSon, and of the Holy Ghost."' Tlih sto to'e?s tlhen adjusted: and Mrs., Tliomcss:dclaoed it to be wellmed truly laid:, The.'eontribations of theose prcseee t were then placed oil thle stone, thle Bishop handing in a £5-loto which he had that morning received from a getleman travelling in tihe train tlrough Maruela. It is ndcerstood this is Mr. Brown of Benudernine in thie Yass district-a liberal supporter of the church. A lany preseut also contributed a similar amount. Tile total sem placed on thoe ste nemounted to £31 15/6. The To Dcuw and benediction closed thie ere. molly. Most of those iresent thlen adjosleed to a large booth erected olielly through the exertions of Mr. Coombs whelre they partook of ass excellent luncheon compriesing all that could be desired, aud altogetllhcer equal to acythilg of thie kiud yet seen i thie dis trict. Thcere were five tables supplied by the follow. ing ladies :-Mrss.Mrrice; Mrs. )u?ilolp und t Mrs. Jamiesosu; MIiss Campbell and Miss G(reen; 3rs. B7rene sntal Mrs. rown ce; and the firtlh several ladies jointly. It is estimated that upwardse of two Ihudered persons partook of the lunlceon. A brace auction followed, nMr. Iournl oficiating as auctioneer. Meost of tie articles brought tlheir fair evale aed thie amount realized was £35. During tile afternooc some of tile young meen lad a gamce of erlket, and afterwards the followincg foot races and other spoets toots place : lst race, Maidcen PIlttL; prize, 1u/; entraence, 1,i; 3 entries. Won by Win. liHopkins. 2nd race, 150 yards Handicap; 1st peize, 20/ 2eld prize, 5/. Chas. Capon, 1st; lticard Chap lhl r;see, for boys cader 11, hlandicap ; 1st prize, 7.i; 2nd, 2/0; eOntraUnce, 1/. Fred Rlloberts, 1st; T. O'Brlen, 2ued. 4th race, 100 yards Handicap, all comeee ; prizo, 10/; entrance,.1/. Chas: Capon, 1st; Edward Moodie, 2nd. 5th race, throiving at the wicket; prize, 10/; ontranco, 6d. For this event there was 26 entries. Won by John Leonard. 0th race, 200 yards Handicap, all comers; ist prize, :30/; 2nd, 5/; entrance, 2/6. Richard Chap man, lost; Chas. Capon, 2nd 7th race, Beaten Stakes; prize, 10/; entrance, 6d. Won by A. Coombs.. Most of the visitors from Goulurtuni returned by the afternoon train. "The Bishop and Mrs. Thomas aid several other ladies from Goulburn silent the evening at Betterloy, the residence of Mrs. Dunlop, and returned in a special carriage by the mail train at night. It may be mentioned that this clhurch-will form the eighty- eighth in the diocese of Goulburn. When tihe Bishop came here in 1864 there were seventeen: Not only have seventy-one new churches been since erected, but nearly all the old churches hlive been rebuilt. - 