I | MELBOURNE. [From our own Correspondent.] Dceember 9, 1878. At last, and with a great amount of relief, I am able to inform you of the prorogation of that horrible institution called Parliament. No more wading through columns of illite rate and illogical speeches for the present ; no more of Berry's violent appeals to the passions of the hearers; and no more of Gaunson's terrier-like snapping and carping at everything any one elie may say or do. Truly, to the unfortunate newspapers cor respondents the recess may be' fairly looked npon as a haven—"where ihi wicked cease from troubling, and the weaiy are at rest." The whole army of scriveners are now (my self included) looking forward with pleasure to the approaching festive season, which we shall be able to enjoy, now that political mat ters are for the present in a state of quiet ness. It is sincerely to be hoped that during the recess the inflamed state of parties may subside, and that next session all may meet ready to " bury the hatchet," smoke the pipe of peace, and get on with tlie real business of the country. Let me trace the Parliamentary history of the week up to the final event, and then farewell for a time to the subject. The Assembly, on Tuesday, had a most im portant* sitting. The debate was on the reform question. The leader of the Opposi tion (All-. Service), for the first time during the session, cauie out of his skin, and placed a programme before the country. The motions brought forward were as follows:—The Chief Secretary had previously moved a motion as under (relative to the proposals of the Coun cils mentioned in my iast)—" That the reso lutions transmitted by message from the Legislative Council involve an infraction of the rights and privileges of the Legislative Assembly, without in any way- providing for the Bills carried in this House being ulti mately passed into law witiiin any definite period, and that this House declines to con sider such resolutions." The motion moved Mr. Service read as follows :—" That all the words after c that' be left out of the motion with the view to insert the following:—1. That the Bill passed by the Legislative Council and transmitted to this ;House, en titled, An Act to alter the Constitution of the Legislative Council in making provision (1) for reducing the size of the" provinces ; (2) for reducing the qualifications of the the electors ; (3) for reducing the qualification of members; and (4) for reducing the tenure of members' seats, does much towards bring ing the Legislative Council into more har monious relations with the people of this country. 2. That the proposal made by the Legislative Council in the resolution now before this House, to the effect that in the event of a disagreement between the the two Houses in relation to Money Bills, and the Governor in consequence of such disagree ment should think fit to dissolve the Assembly, the Governor may at the same time dissolve the Council, is a further important concession in the way of solving the constitutional diffi culty. 3. That the provision for a dissolution of both Houses should be extended to matters of ordinary legislation, as well as to Money Aills, and the proposal so amended should be embodied in the Bill hereinbefore referred to, together with a further provision, to the effect that in the event of a continuing disagree ment between the two Houses, after the dis solution and the assemblage of the new Par liament, a joint vote of the two Houses should be taken, and the decision of the majority should be final. 4. That this House is, there fore, of opinion that the Government should proceed with the Bill in question, amend it in the direction indicated in the third reso lution, and transmit the same to the Council, with a message requesting their concurrence in such amendments." Now, according to the Argus these proposals taken in con junction with those of the Council form a a very fair basis for working a settleme nt; but, on the other hand, the Government and the Age regard the Council's proposals as a direct insult, and those of Mr. Service as altogether unworkable and unreasonable. After a long debate the Government motion was carried by a majority of twenty-two, and thus ends all hope of a settlement between the two houses at present. The next day there was no business at all done, nor in fact any to do, so that the House was counted out to the relief of all concerned. The Assembly was in fact only wailing for the passing of the Appropriation Bill. The Council were in the meantime hard at work with the Land Bill, which they amended in several particu lars. These amendments were agreed to by the Assembly, and no other business being before the Council, that body was fain to tackle the Appropriation Bill. It was looked upon in some quarters as decidedly probable that the Bill would not pass, but the Council had the sense enough to let it slip through, accompanied only with a vigorous protest, which was formally put and carred. It was moved by Sir C. Sladen, and read as follows :— " That this House objects to the vote ' For defraying the expenses of tlu-ee Commis sioners to England,' because—1. The Bill does not disclose the scope or purport of the Conamisson under which the Commissioners are to act. 2. Assuming that the objects of this Commission are those stated publicly on divers occasions by the hon. the Chief Secre tary, there is no power to issue, without the authority of an Act of Parliament, any Com mission for any of the purposes stated by liiui, and no sucli Act of Parliament exists. 3. Tlie vote for defraying the expenses to England of persons who do not represent the colony, but are the mere delegates of a political party, is a misapplication of the public revenue. This House therefore protests against such rote, and also against the assumption by the Com missioners of any authority, either to repre sent this colony, or to do any act which might be binding upon it. And it further declares that it passes this Bill, including this vote, with the sole view of preventing injury to Her Majesty's service from the stoppage of supplies, and that it does not thereby, either by implication or otherwise, authorise or con sent to the appointment of any such Com mission." Friday was fixed for the dismissal of the members, and at about noon the booming of guns announced that His Ex cellency was on his way to the House. A great number of the public were present, the fair sex being, however, predominant, and made a liberal show in the matter of dress. His Excellency in closing the last Victorian session that he ever will do alluded to the various matters that had been dealt with, regretting that the reform question had not been settled, commending the mission to Eng land as likely to be of service to the country. The Loan Act, Customs Amendment Act, mail service, duplication of the telegraph line to England, defences of the harbour, &c.;, all were noticed, aud the speech concluded as follows:—"In being relieved from your onerous duties, you must be gratified to know that, under the blessing of Divine Providence, the producing and manufacturing interests of this country continue prosperous, notwith standing the prolonged commercial depression which has prevailed here as well as in Europe, in America, and in the neighbouring colonies of Australia- In the name of Her Majesty, I declare this Parliament prorogued to the 14th day of January, 1879, and it is hereby prorogued accordingly.—Melbourne, 6th De cember, 1878." These assertions are loudly condemned by the conservative Press. It is now finally settled that Sir George Bowen will be succeeded by the Marquis of Normanby who is expected to arrive in Feb ruary next. Sir George Bowen is expected to leave in January for his new seat. Mr. Berry and Professor Pearson are making preparations for their trip home and are to be accompanied by Mr. Haj ter (the Government Statist) a8 Secretary. Many a devout hope is expressed that our friend Berry will never come back again. During Mr. Berry's absence Sir B. O'Loughlen is to take the position of head of the Ministry and the other Ministers divide the work between them. At the close of the session it has been usual for the head of the Government to give a Parliamentary Whitebait dinner (I don't know where the whitebait comes from!), but the programme has heen varied this year. Instead of the dinner a trip down the bay wa* suggested. The Nelson was called, into service, and on Thivs.^-v last pretty nearly all the members with, thei.- wnes, families, and friends werfc on board and enjoyed, a first class day. There is just one peculiarity about this which strikes attention. Under the old system the Premier paid the charges of t'ae dinner, but in the present instance the country pays. This much for a lioeral Ministry. The volunteers have gone into camp at Brighton for a week, commencing on Saturday last. In order to make the men rough it a little each company had to find its own,, pro visions, and to pitch its own tents. The men were pretty severely handled on Saturday afternoon, and again on Sunday. The total number in camp reached 1,0^0—a very credit able turn out, considering that only the city and suburban companies were called out. Melbourne is at present infested by a gang of robbars. Every day we hear of houses and hotels being broken into, and more or less of the eifects therein being carried off. Up to the time of writing these industrious, though vicious, members of society are at large. We ha - e^ a ghost also who for months past has been frightening the lives out of timid people by his unexpected appearances in all of tlie suburban districts. Tliis ghost has been popularly named Spring Heel Jack. I happen to know for a fact that several people liave bt*en inside seriously ill by this ghostly personage, and it is no credit to our police that the individual should have been allowed to carry on his^ little joke for such a length of time. The Ivellys, too, are still uncaught, and are apparently likely to be so till doomsday. During the week a party of four men (supposed to be the gang) stole temporarily the boat at a crossing place near Corowa. They were heard by the punt keeper, who fired several shots after the de linquents, but without any effect. Next morning the police were in hot chase, but found nothing but the empty boat. A$ usual, a day after the fair. During the week the He v. Charles Clark has been drawing immense audiences to the Tovvn Hall with-his farewell lectures. We are only sorry that he cannot continue the same opera tion for a year or two. We shall now hear the rev. gentleman as a lecturer once more (Christmas Eve) before he leaves for home to resume his ministerial occupation. The theatres have been all pretty busy, but not producing anything of importance, being I suppose busily engaged in. preparing for their several pantomimes. Baldwin still con tinues his expose of spiritism, and has chal lenged Dr. Slade (our most celebrated medium) to a public trial of his skill. The Doctor with more of prudence than valour declines to meet Baldwin, for as he says" sometimes the spirits work, and sometimes they won't" Quite likely, and when I reach that spirit-land I don't think Dr. Slade or any other man would fetch me back to knock about the chairs and write on his slate for the benefit of the me dium. Not I, forsooth, nor do I think any spirit at all capable of such foolish tricks, so that I have no hesitation in stamping Slade and all like him as rank humbugs and im posters. Anti-Chinese meetings have been held to sympathise, I. suppose, with the Sydney men now ou strike. The question is a difficult one to decide, but at any rate the Sydney seamen have gone the wrong way to work by mobbing the Chinese quarter of that city, and endeavouring to utterly demolish not alone the heathen Chinee, but also his domicile. 