dHtittcfr Intelligence. ,? ? ,?'?. ? , * * ^ ^^All Saints', East St. Kilda. — On Sunday morning, 9th Decem ber^ the Bishop of Melbourne held a confirmation at this Church. The usual early celebration of Holy Communion had already taken place at eight o'clock, and the morning service, consisting of matins and Litany, had been performed at nine, consequently the eleven o'clock service was confined to the confirmation office, followed by a sermon. The Bishop having arrived, a procession was formed of ' clergv and choristers to accompany him into the Church from the vestry, singing as they went the hymn (A. and M., 391), ' Onward, Christian Soldiers,' to . Arthur Sullivan's tune, printed in the Christian Knowledge Society's Hymn Book. As soon as the Bishop had reached his chair, which was placed at the head of the chancel steps, the incumbent, Rev. J. Hi Gregory, called upon all present to kneel and join in the hymn (A. and M., 347) : — Come, Holy Ghost, Creator blest, Vouchsafe in Him our souls to rest. This hymn being finished, the confirmation service began. After the preface the Bishop delivered a plain and simple, but most forcible, address to the candidates, which was listened to with great attention, and evidently made a deep impression on. all who heard it. When the time came for the administration of the rite of confirmation the ?candidates were presented, two by two, by the incumbent to the Bishop, and kneeling on the uppermost of the chancel-steps, received the imposition of his hands. It was here that the guardians of the Church proved themselves efficient assistants to the incumbent, and by an .arrangement, simple in itself, but well considered and well carried out, ensured that all things should be done ' decently and in order.' Such care on their part could not indeed fail to meet with its due reward ; and, although the number of candidates ? was great — seventy-five, of whom thirty-five were boys and men — there was not the slightest confusion, and the behaviour of all who took part in the ceremony was in the highest degree becoming and reverential. The service being over, the Bishop ascended the pulpit and delivered a powerful discourse on the first words of the Lord's prayer. His lordship then proceeded to the sanctuary, and a collec tion was made while a voluntary was performed on the organ ; and the Bishop concluded the whole service with a collect and the blessing. Then the procession formed again] and the Bishop, the ? clergy, and the choristers left the Church, singing the hymn (A. and M./274)— . Through the night of doubt and sorrow Onward goes the pilgrim band. Beeghwobth. — Archdeacon Stretch, during his visit to Beech-* worth, delivered a lecture entitled ' Anecdotes of English Clerical Life,' in the Oddfellows' Hall, to a small- but very appreciative audi ence. The chair was occupied by the Iiev. Canon Howard. The lecture took the form of a narrative of personal reminiscences, many of them of a very diverting kind, and told in a quaint and lively manner, of such men as Dr. Arnold (of Rugby), Revs. J. H. Moultrie, John Hampton Gurney (the clergyman who was first offered the Bishopric of Melbourne, and declined it), Hugh Stowell, and Basil Wood, Anthony Trollope, and others too numerous to particularise. An enthusiastic vote of thanks was passed to the Archdeacon at the close of the evening. St. Jube's, Carlton. — The office-bearers appointed by the parish for the ensuing year are — Mr. Sydney Puckle, clergyman's warden ; Mr. John Pigdon, trustees' warden ; Mr. Benjamin James, parishioners' warden ; also Messrs. Hemery, Mills, Jardine, Smith, Garnett, Scales, Leonard, Tucker, and Rickards, vestrymen. St. Philip's, Collingwood. — At the annual meeting of the parishioners, held on December 24th, the Eev. J. Caton in the chair, the treasurer's report, which was very encouraging, having been received, Mr. A. Snqwden, Mr. J. Moore, and Mr. T. Small were appointed wardens by the clergymen, trustees, and parishioners respectively. Messrs. Wilkins, Symonds, and Mortley were nomi nated by Mr. Caton as vestrymen, and Messrs, G. and W. Lvnch, Gahan, Crisp, Jones, Duker, Stephens, Joy, and Bailey, elected to* that office by the parishioners. St. Saviour's Mission Church, Collingwood.— A tea-meeting and concert were held at the Gospel Mission Hall in aid of the. building fund of this church. Addresses w.ere delivered by the Very Rev. the Dean, the Rev. Messrs. Yelland, Long, and other clergymen. .Mr. W. E. Morris stated that only a small sum was required to make up the fund needed for the enlargement of the church, a step ren dered necessary by the great demand for additional accommodation. Geelong : -Christ Church.— On the occasion of the departure of Eev, G, Goodman with his family on twelve months' Jeave of absence, Holy Communion was ministered in the church at an early hour to a large number of communicants, among whom were the Bishop of Melbourne, and the Rev. G. W. Torrance, R. Short, J. Firth, and J. A. Fawns. At the close of the service the Bishop delivered a short address, an which he referred to Canon Goodman's length of service in the district. After the address Sir C. Sladen, M.L.C., and Messrs. J. B. Wilson, T. C. Harwood, A. S. Park, C. A. Mount, andE. M'Lachlan, met in the chancel, and Sir C. Sladen presented Canon Goodman with a handsomely illuminated address, accompanied by a purse containiug 150 sovereigns. The address bore testimony to Mr . Goodman's faithfulness and zeal in his ministerial work, and to the admirable manner in which his hands had been sustained by Mrs. Goodman and Miss Goodman. Canon Goodman replied in very feeling terms. Clifton Hill. — The religious observance of Christmas was brought to a close on Sunday last at St. Andrew's Church of England, Gold street, Collingwood, by sermons— ^in the morning by Mr. C. Baker, lay Helper, and in the evening by the Rev. W. H. L'Oste, curate of St. Philip's. The morning sermon was from Matt. i. 21 : ' Thou Bhalt call His name Jesus.' Mr. Baker said for seven years he had been privileged to address them on Christmas-day and the Sundays before and after ; therefore he found a difficulty in finding a change of words; but, in. selecting a text, he took the Gospel for the day, and spoke of ihe name of Jesus, His office and purpose in coming down to eartn. In the evening the Rev. Mr. L'Oste preached a most excellent discourse from Psalm xc: 'We spend our years as a tale that is told,' reviewing the past, and reminding his hearers of the many blessings they had enjoyed, the many duties neglected, and the opportunities of. doing good, in carrying out good resolves at the commencement of the year, that had been frustrated by the temptations of the world, the flesh, and the evil one. The church, as usual, was decorated with flowers and evergreens and scrolls of Scripture ; and the old greeting of 'A merry Christmas and a happy New Year' faced the congregation as they left the church, from the west gable. The pulpit was surrounded by delicionsly perfumed flowers, which were most refreshing. The annual sermons were announced to be preached by the Very Rev. the Dean and the Rev. Canon Vance, on the 13th inst., and the tea-meeting to be held on the 24th inst. The revenue of the church for the past year was the largest ever received, the collections being about £20 in excess of any previous year.-r- Advertise): St. Mary's, Hotham. — The annual meeting for the election of a vestrv was held on St. Thomas's Dav. The churchwardens of last year were re-appointed. Much discussion took place as to whether it would be advisable to increase the number of vestrymen. Hitherto it has been the practice in this parish to appoint only four, the Act allowing' the meeting to fix the number at four, eight, or twelve. The usual motion was made that the number of the vestrymen be four, and an amendment was proposed that the number be eight. After a good deal of friendly argument a division was taken, and there were seven for and seven against the amendment ; some were present who arrived too late to vote. The incumbent, with some hesitation, gave his vote with the ayes ; accordingly eight vestrymen were appointed. Churchwardens — Messrs. H. A. Clarke, F. Longland, and F. J. Tad fell. Vestrymen — Messrs. Dowling, Fleming, Guyi Kidson, Marley, McBride, Randal, and Weyman. At St. George's, Royal Park, in the same parish, a Board of Guardians was appointed, the incumbent . nominating Messrs. Cariss, Elliot, and Raper ; the trustees nominating Messrs. Clifton, Veal, and Wragge ; and the meeting electing Messrs. Mattingley, Wilmot, and Wroe. It is intended to make the district around St. George's a separate parish, probably during the present year. Meantime the Rev. F. H. Long, the cemetery chaplain, has been appointed to the charge as assistant to Rev. R. Potter. It is understood that on the separation of the parish Mr. Long will continue vto hold half the cemetery chaplaincy with the sole charge of St. George's. Mr. Armstrong, who has served St. George's for a year and a half, has been»appointed to a readership at Emerald Hill. Kilhore. — The presence of the Bishop of Melbourne at the annual tea-meeting, held on Thursday, 13th December, in the Odd fellows' Hall, was the means of drawing together a meeting that crowded the hall soon after the opening of the doors. The tea-tables were presided over by Mesdames Barry, Osborn, Beveridge, Claridge, Warren, 'Sugden, and Hammond, and by the Misses Bossence, Brown, Osborn, Whitton, and Sedden. At the public meeting held later in the same evening the chair was taken by the Rev. A. Toomath. The speakers were the Rev. A. Brasier, of Lancefield, on ' The Book of Life ;' the Rev. A. Hardie, on ' Christian Unity ;' the Rev. J. W. Tuckfield, on the ?' Coming Year ;' the Rev. Mr. Scott, of Footscray, among other subjects, on the need for an educated ministry (he thought that Victorian-trained ministers would bear favourable comparison with those trained elsewhere); and the Bishop of Melbourne, who, remark ing on Mr. Scott's address, said that the clergy in this colony had not half the advantages that their brethren had in England for cultivating their minds and extending their range of thought. There was especial need in this day for a careful study by ministers of the theological position, in order that they might place the truths of the gospel before the people in such a light as to be clearly understood by them. The meeting was also addressed by the Revs. Messrs. Hunter and Richards. On Friday morning, 14th December, the Bishop held a confirmation service in Christ Church, at which J forty-eight young persons of both sexes were confirmed. The church was well filled, and the Bishop delivered a stirring address to the - confirmees. The Revs. A. Toomath and H. F. Scott took part in the service. St. Paul's, Melbourne. — At the close of the first series of the Bishop's lectures on St. John's Gospel, 20th December, a meeting of ladies and gentlemen was held in the schoolroom — Dr. Bromby being in the chair — for the purpose of passing resolutions for the presenta tion of an address to Bishop on the first anniversary of his landing and installation. On the motion of Mr. Morris, a committee con sisting of Sir W. Stawell, Messrs. Leeper and H. Henty,. were appointed to draw up such an address, A resolution was also passed. on the motion of Sir W. Stawell, for the appointment o£a committee . ;to take- step's .for the. completion of ..the Bishopric Endowment Fund, the net income from i which, instead of £1500, as was con . templated, was 6nly£1200: The address prepared by the committee, and. which' it'is intended shall be signed by the vestrymen and other .church officers in the different parishes, reads as follows :— ' To the Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne.— Right Rev. Sir— We cannot allow the' first anniversary of your installation as Bishop of Mel bourne1 to pass by without some expression of the feelings of respect and esteem we entertain towards you, and of our gratitude to the Almighty who has led !you -to accept .the charge of. the spiritual interests of this diocese. He who. laid the foundation of our Church in Victoria still holds a place of the warmest regard in the hearts of those who knew him'; and these feelings are deeper when we ?remember that to his wise counsels and active exertions we owe, under God,, his' successor. From the moment that you came among us you have; both by. your words and actions, cheered the despond ent, lent enthusiasm to the indifferent, and taught large-heartedness to all; and we desire to assure you that your efforts for the building up of : our church,, and for the' spread of religion amongst the people, have won our. .warmest ^sympathy, and shall meet, with all the .support we can give. We trust that 'it maybe the divine purpose rlongto spare you: to dwell iamong.t us, and that we may for. many years to come enjoy, the benefit- of your guidance and the encourage ment of your presence;'' ? :.;..' . ?-?? .-???. : - St. Peter's,: Melbourne. —The annual meeting of the parishioners ^jof - St. -Peter's parish was held in. the: schoolroom on Monday evening, December 17th, the Rev. Canon Handfield, the incumbent, in the chair.1 :The report of the churchwardens for the past' year was read, andthe treasurer's balance- sheet, presented. The vestry for the year 1878 was elected, consisting of the following gentlemen : — Messrs. J. H.;Allen--F. W^Amsinck, F. J. HiHonyand F. Wilkinson. ? Mr. F. Uther was appointed by the incumbent as his churchwarden. The trustees nominated Mr. : E.M.. James, and the parishioners elected Mi'. Edwin Holmes as their churchwarden. .,?.-? . . v Holy Trinity Church, OakleigH;— During the week between Sunday 11th and Sunday 18th of November (both days inclusive) special services' were held in the' above church in the morning and evening of each Sunday and during every weekday evening. There were special preachers at every service, and the incumbent- the Rev. Thos: C. Cole, M.Ai, having most carefully prepared the way for the success of these services by an exhaustive house-to-house visitation throughout the. district for several weeks before, the result was shown (under God's blessing), in a full attendance during the whole .of the \ eigbt-'days' services,: the congregations being most earnest and at tentive in their devotions and joining heartily in prayer and praise. This is now the fourth series of- the, snecial sfirviofis in this rVhnr^/h which have been held under the direction of the Rev. T. C. Cole, and the people have learnt to look forward to their annual recurrence as a season of - great spiritual refreshment. The weather (not always propitious on former like occasions) was this time exceptionally ?beautiful. '?.. ? ? -? ? ? f SALE.-r-The annual meeting of the members of the congregation of St; Paul's Church for the purpose: of electing a board of guardians for 1878 was held in the church on December 17th. There was a fair attendance, the Rev. Canon 'Watson' presiding. It was decided that the number of the boar'd should be three. 'The trustees then appointed Mr; George Cain ; the congregation elected Mr. E. A. Paterson ; and the incumbent nominated Mr. Ei H; Babbage. On the motion of Mr. E.- Scanlon, seconded by Mr; Charles Napper, a vote of thanks was -passed to the retiring 'board for the conduct of affairs during the year. The valuable services rendered to the board by Mr~Babbage were referred to in very complimentary terms. A meeting was also recently held for the purpose of electing three trustees, when Messrs. Cain, Scanlon, and Charles Napper were appointed: On Christmas Day the church was very tastefully .decorated .with flowers, evergreens, and appropriate texts. One text over the chancel window attracted a':good deal of attention. The letters 'were made of white ? cotton wool, and fastened on to a red ground.- The morning congregation was very large, and the evening moderate. . The collections for the Clergy Widows* anri- OrnVians' TPnnii wa« JSA Ra Id ?..? . . ... ,i Essendon and Flemington.— Children's Service. — An interesting children's service was held last : Sunday afternoon in St; Thomas's Church, Essendon. There 'were about 150 children present, and a fair sprinkling of the adult members of the congregation.. :?? A special form of service had been printed for the' bccasion,and the responses were reverently and .warmly repeated .by the: .juvenile' congregation. Four .hymns were ? sung during the service by the: children with pleasing effect,- Mrs. Tulloch' ably presiding - at the harmonium. A very appropriate' and 'interesting sermon was preached by the Rev. WalterMantell,:from Ecclesiastes xv 8^-' Whoso breaketh an hedge; a serpent shall bite him,' and the attention with which the speaker ,was listened to by the 'youthful congregation reflected credit upon the children, and showed that the reverend gentlemen had. hit upon a. 'pleasing mode of presenting religious :-truth to the minds of the junior members of the church. The'building having been appropri . ately decorated for Christmas, gave an: additionally pleasant aspect to the service; which it. is proposed' to: hold twice a ? year. We have, ' we may state, the authority of the .Bishop for saying that in England these services, are becoming extremely popular^ and are attended; by manyof the leading men i of the. day. — Essendon and Flemington Ghronield. ... - ? ?: ? '?' ./ . ; ; . ? : Coburg. — At the annual meeting of the parishioners. of Trinity Church, held in the schoolhouse, the Rev. J. Watson in the chair, the treasurer reported a considerable increase in the receipts for 1877 over those of the previous year. .Messrs. J. B. Williams and F. P. Donald. were appointed' wardens by. the trustees and ? parishioners respectively ; and Messrs. Philpotj White, Burt, and Lloyd were elected vestrymen. .. .? -,. :. ? ? .????: ;,:., .:?? '.Mrs, Apps, mother of the late Revs. Edward arid Edgar, Apps, desires tibreturnhersincereiihankstothekindfrieiidswhosolitjeraHyresponded to the late appeal made on her behalf for their practical sympathy and kindness on the occasion of her painful bereavement. The following donations have been received by the undersigned on behalf of Mrs. Apps since October B.th :— Rev. W. Green, Stratford, £2 j per RevySj Taylor, Brighton, £4 2s.; per Rev. R. G. Burke, Bairnsdale, £5 8s,'; per Rev. A. Toomath, Kilmore, £1 12s. 6d.; per Rev. Canon Watson, Sale, £19 Us.; per Rev. Canon King and students of Moore College, Sydney, £15 6s.; per Rev. T. Allen, Maffra, £7 12s. 9d.; total, £55. 15s. 3d. — W. Berlin Simpson, hon. reader. , ! : ' ' ' 