SPECIALITIES. IF we are to continue our weekly exposure of the rhetorical artifices in current use in the national gab-shop, we are bound to fall foul of Jacob Low. We are bound to sit on Jacob; though, taking him all round, and considering hit few angularities, it might be thought rather a difficult task to find whereon to settle, at least to any one who has not, like Trickett, been practising " the sliding seat." We are grieved to take the dissecting knife to Jacob, for he is a favorite of outs. We do love sinners—that is why; and the greater the sinner the more we don't need to finish the sentence. It is the orator we find fault with, not the man. The man is sant pair et jam reproehe; an Israelite, or at least a Jacobite indeed, in whom is no bile. He is on infinitely more respectable man than the patriarchal godfather whose name he bears. Tou may be sure our Jacob never put on kid gloves to kid his own father out of a blessing. We don't believe, in fact, that he would put on kid gloves for any consideration whatever. Tou wouldn't catch our Jacob arti fioially introducing speckles among another man's herds for a private speckle-ation of his own. That "auld sueck-drawer," as the late Dr. Chalmers called the patriarch, if he had lived to our day, would have dummied entire coun ties, and we doubt if the Land Act could be con cocted that he wouldn't have driven a team of bullocks through. But though our Jacob is a saint in comparison with his godfather, yet as an M.L.A. we feel bound, for bis own and the public good, to show him up. Well, here is the head and front of his offending. He is setting to our legislators an example whioh, if it multiplies itself into a general custom, will prove the death of all windb we mean, oratory, and reduce our glorious "Hansard" to a blank inutility. Thu is bis little dodge. He gets hold of a distinct idea, stands up, delivers himself of it in about four lines, and then site down. Now this is quite opposed to modern Parliamentary usage. It is just the jolly old horse-pistol style of firing off one shot, and then shut up. The modern Parliamentary weapon is a revolver that goes pop-popping all round the compass. Single barrelled'common-sense is altogether out of date. We want something that will keep up a con tinuous clatter, even if it do as little execution as the boy Morehead's pop-gun. Still, in spite of Jacob's shortcoming in this respect, if we thought that any word of ours would lead him to alter his ways, if we thought that any word of ours would induce him to become a column in " Han sard" as well as a pillar in the House, we do not hesitate to say that we—wouldn't say it We are about to lose a revered and distill' guished relative—our uncle. With deep kotow we draw attention to Mr. Morwitch's valediotory advertisement in the Courier of the 15th instant. Though the hallowed associations that cluster around the name of "father" are suoh as by comparison make the loss of an uncle appear quite a one-horse bereavement, yet in this instance the name is haloed with so many golden memories (mostly under 18 carats), ringed round with so many "pledges" of affection and Britannia metal teapots, and enshrined amid ■uch a blase of jewellery and spoons, as quite outshine and outweigh the losa of any father, even a city one. Among uncles he stood a loan. No wonder we weep and lament. We take on after him so very bad that we feel inclined even to " spout" tears. Let us reverently hope that his loss may be our gain. If we only knew what is considered the proper mourning for uncles, we would put it on—gladly. A stinted superficies of crape on the left arm would come far short of our grief; we would fain wear our mourning all over the left. We are the more saddened by the prospect of his impending dissolution because from his dying manifesto it would appear that he has played somewhat of a losing game. We thought he was up to every move on the board, and that he was especially strong in pawns, but perhaps he was remiss in playing the rook. Pauvre onelt I He says he has been " pulling hard against the stream for fourteen years." This is the most tremendous aquatic feat on record; and con sidering how heavily he was ballasted by the distresses of others in the shape of the above mentioned teapota and spoons, " and other valu able articles too numerous to particularise," and that he was continually lending a helping hand to shipwrecked brothers, we hardly know whether moßt to admire the pluck of the navigator or the durability of his craft. We can ill Bpare such a man, or rather such an uncle—for, of course, the man Morwitch is no more moribund than we are. It is merely the uncle that is giving up the ghost. Least of all can we spare him at a time when, as Groom and Co. tell us, lluin is staring the colony in the face. Had uncle M. continued his functions, we could have said, Lei it stare. But Uncle M. will help ua no more. He has " finally detevmined." We feared there was something up when we read the other day his call for tenders for 150 young ladies to make an arcade of. It was a gross mistake—more than a gross—six more. It came to nothing, but the mere conception was too much for one brain, and resulted in a loosening of the posterior cerebral lobes, or words to that effect. This ia why Unole M. has " finally determined " to pull against the stream no more. Vale, avuncule I We have consumed several pinta of keroaine in an attempt to formulate "a gentleman" from definitions given by Dr. Newman, Sir C. Napier, and Mr. Palmer. We bad made auch progress that we were sanguine of the result Our Bayard was gradually developing into a sort of cross between a truthful bullock-driver and a Deal boatman. We had not quite decided as to the color of his blood—whether it was to be plebeian red, or the purest axirt aangre ; nor had we bestowed any thought on that portion of the community whose fathers are " guvnahs ;" who wear tight clothing, short sticks, and say, " Beg pawd'n;" who drink "sham" or "fiz" when they can get it, and swear it is "dem'd good tipple, by Jawdge." However, it doesn't matter now, for we have abandoned our self-imposed task. As we have observed, we were going along swimmingly ; but that " gay and festive cuss, tbe "Vagabond," must needs put in hit oar, and ruin the whole affair. This interesting nomad, in his latest allocution, gives what will doubtless be considered as very cogent reasons for his delightfnl egotism. Prominent amongst these is the fact that he spent six hours in a " dark cell" in Queensland. He concludes the list of his famous doings by modestly asking what other journalist in the world is like unto him ? We can conscientiously reply, •• Nary one." He is unique. Stanley, Forbes, and Russell are mere humbugs in comparison. Now, although we should be very sorry to disparage the "Vag's" achievements in any way, yet we feel constrained to say, in self-defence as it were, that we too are not altogether without merit as litterateurs. We once shinned ourselves up a gum tree, and nearly broke our neck in the vain endeavor to knock a "goanna" off one of the topmost branches. Could the "Vag" do that? Moreover, we, too, have been in a "dark cell," and could see nothing in it, strange to say—nothing to brag about at least. The dark was a "sell," in fact Singularly enough, we also have known several people in the course of our career, "tinkers, tailors, soldiers, sailors," and the like; but we may as well candidly admit without further ado that the "Vag's" list of the celebrities he has knows simply overwhelms us. He was well acquainted with governors, convicts, murderers, maniacs, policemen, legislators, prize-fighters, bookmakers, detectives, actors, aboriginals, Chinese, squatters, explorers, bankers, gentle- men, clergymen, and authors!" No wonder the poor fellow has lost his head. But isn't there the faintest suspicion of "Jeames"—that is to say, "John Thomas"—about this? The governors, maniacs, snobs, and so forth, we can understand, but who the debil debil are the "gentlemen?" Piohoubi (phonetic spelling) it a herb that growi on the other ride of the Herbert Hirer, towards oar South Australian boundary; it is much prised Jby the blacks, who chew it, and its action upon the system is that of a narcotic It is a kind of barbarous haahiah ; and in the cause of knowledge we indulged in some lately. The effect was singular : a drowsy feeling stole over us, and, as our senses gradually succumbed to the subtle influence, there was a strange feeling of going I going!! going I! I—gone I And we slept. " Queeny, dear, I want to speak to you," said a gentle voice, and we awoke. Good gracious I What was this? We had grown amaz ingly stout; o'er our breast there flowed a snow- white beard, evidently the production of many winters ; on the bridge of our nose rested spectacles ; the usual feeling of activity that per vados our manly frame seemed to have vanished. "Now are you thoroughly awake?" said the voice that had aroused us, and a girlish form took pos session of the arm of our easy chair, insinuated one soft arm round our neck, and with the other hand playfully pulled our beard. We intimated, in a bewildered manner, that we hoped we were. "Because, Queeny, I want your opinion on the forthcoming Intercolonial Member Show." The familiarity displayed in calling us "Queeny" rather startled us, but as the speaker was play fully rubbing her cheek upon the top of our head—and by the soft contact letting us know that we were quite bald—we did not mind it so much. "On the 'Member Show/ my dear child ? but first, who are you ?" flh« turned on us eye* beyond all compare, Two radiant stara, o'ercrowned with fragrant hair. And rarely muiloal, soft, tweet, and thy Wai the low roice that gently murmured, " Fye I" "Fyel Why lam the genius of Queensland, your first and only love." "Of course 1 and how long h»ve I been asleep?" "Just one hundred years." " But how young you look !" " The genius of a country is always young, you dear old goose ; but tell me what you think about next year's Intercolonial Member Show." "Well, what are the priies ?" "The first prize, of course, is for being able to talk on any subject without in the least knowing anything about it. The second prize is for knowing all about any subject, and not being able to talk about it. The thin), for whoever can make the greatest amount of promises without actually committing bimpelf. And the fourth, for whoever can commit him self and get out of it afterwards. Now, who do you think stands the beat chance ?" "My dear child, I really cannot Bay ; when I fell asleep we —as you know—did not have 'member shows.' No member in those days could possibly compete for the prizes ; for there were no proficients in the subjects you mention." "In none of the colonies V said Queensland, playfully pinching our ear. " No," we said stoutly in, " ." "Be quiet now, and kape your hands off me; sure it's drunk you are at this time of the morning ." The fumes of the piohouri had vanished, and we were once more in the present, and trying to embrace Biddy, in mistake for our lost genius. Ha! 