A NOVEL VIEW OP SAN FRANCISCO San Francisco (says the Argonaut) calls itself a city ; but a city it is not We de light to style ourselves cosmopolitan ; cos mopolitan we are not. A cosmopolite is a citizen of the world, one whose home is in every place and who is attached to none. We have no snch population. Now and then a stranger comes and goes ; now and then is seen in our streets the strange garb of some foreign person ; bnt the great bulk of our people are fixtures ; some are fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping couutry village, smaller than a city and larger than a hamlet. Everybody knows everybody; everybody knows the business of everybody else; good society has only one circle ; business men are all cogs of the same revolving ma chinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where business converges. Its press are cats and dogs in the same basket. Its politicians ilounder in the same filthy pool. The real fact is we aro the smallest small-potato of a city in the Uuited States of America. This comes from our isolation ; we are so far from the world's great centre, so removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and com merce, that we have but little in sympathy with the bustling active world in which we do not live. Ours is a little side eddy in the great rushing stream of life where, like chips and bottles and apples, we swim around each other in eddying circles, exclaiming, " Be hold how we apples swim !" Every shower is a storm, every breeze a tempest, every agi tation an earthquake, every incident a sen sation. We go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over-sanguine expec tation ; to day we are in the doldrums, to morrow on tiptoe with exultant hope. Stocks are down, real estates declines, business is dull, and long-visaged mourners go about the streets. Stocks go np, real estate advances, business improves, and in anticipation the town smokes two-bit cigars, every gambler buys a fast team and drives to the Cliff. Like children we are tickled with straws, like school girls we are seared with ghosts. Some small scandal will amuse us for a day, but there is no scandal so small that it will not ripple through the whole circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sensation succeeds another iu quick succession, each sufficient for the time to absord tho entire attention of the entire town. When we are in the dumps we are the bluest of the blue, and think then that San Francisco is going to be desolated and ruined by Frazer River, Goat Island, or Oak land ; when we are not, we boast in tones of loudest exultation of our future glowing prospects, of the trade of the Orient, of gold and grain, of inexhaustible resources of wine and wool, of hugo vegetables, of a climate where llowers bloom every month in the year, of the apple and the pine-apple, the olive and the vine, of milk aud honey, and all is coiileur de rose. 