( MACBETH. / Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- j ist, and who has written most ably on- r the subject of " Macbeth," charact.r- ) ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime \ and terror relieved by the most mag- t innceni: imagmaiive expression, yei J marked with great simplicity of general j design. The date of the production of ( the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, ) and " we may take it for granted," \ says- Kenny, " that it avas written in f the time of James the First, who ascended the throne March, 1603, as it \ contains an evident allusion to that ( monarch in act iv. scene i, and also a complimentary reference to him in an- \ other part. The material for the play / was found by Shakespeare in Holin- J shed's History of Scotland, where the C story of Macbeth is told at page 168." / The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- J sentecl to have been cousins ; the first C a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) sition, and the latter "so soft and \ gentle in his nature that the people ( wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been s6 tempered and \ interchangeably shared betwixt' tkem I that where the one had too much of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the J main virtue between these two extre- f mities might have reigned" by- indiffer- J cnt partition in them both. .The play \ all along keeps close to the line of ( Holin.shed, varying from it in scarcely y any particular except in the non- appearance in the banquet scene of tlie ( murdered Banquo's ghost," 1 This tragedy has been presented in f Melbourne we believe oftener than any / other of Shakespeare's works. The \ late G. V. Brooke, Charles Keari, C Charles Vincent, in their time essayed J the: part, arid we have had other repre- N sentatives, from the burly McKean ( Buchanan and James Andeison to the y little' dapper J. B. Howe.- But Tew" \ artists have made their Alelboumc f debut in the rOle of the Thane of Qaw- J dor. Of tliose who have, we now call J to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- r atre Royal, July 2, i860, , Mrs. Charles Poole supporting him vSadg Mac beth, Mr.lJ<=qry;EdwmdS as_Mflc<f«/)', < .Mre.'Winfeibbt£om.;,as7 and . the principal sinprig' wifcHes weJe Mre. Hancock arid the' late Jriiia M Br;evious: t» that, ori; ArigZ-iS;:! , the same theatre, there burst upon the , thb<atrical firriiament.- iari Aufelralian <4 iRoscius, Master- Edward' -Pole, aged-"' 14\. Hqalso played the part,' which as ' a feat of memory was extremely won- ( derfui. ; Tliis gentleman has long left the stage and become a " family man," and now follows ' the prosaic business of a thriving paperhanger. ,. . At. the time -of the Gho'st" sensa tion in Melbourne, iii 1863, this 'tragedy 1 was revived to be produced with " Pep per's ghost effects," which were an- ' nounced as "combining the real with ; the ideal, the - scientific and the poeti- c.al, the positive and the illusory," with ' thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- 1 market Theatre, August' 22, 1863, when under the management , of the, late ' James Siiriinonds. The part of Mac- , .'bcth was alternately played. byAIessrs. R. Yoiinge and Henry Edwards, the Lady M«cAc/i.,was by the late charm- , in;7 AnnieTockhart. '. ' | = It was in the part of the " Thane- s ' guilty wife" that Miss Goddard (Mrs. , Capel)' niaclc "her bow before a Mel- bounic audience, lit the Theatre Royiil, -August .24, 1857, 1 the late G.V. Brooke , appearing as Macbeth. Thc-|Opera qf"" Macbeth;" by Verdi, ' has; .been ''presented, in .Melbourne by ( two different companies at an interval : of twelve yc.ars. The first production ' was .it the Theatre Royal, September . ''8,.l86o,. With .the Bianelii 'Opera (.oni- pany. Signora Bianchi undertook the music of Lc-rZ// Xacbcth, Signer Bianchi -MacdujT, Emile Coulon Mrfc&ci;'A, J oh'n Gregg Banguo, Walter Sherwin Mal colm and Mr. John Winierbottom was conductor of the . orchestra. The se cond time the Opera was revived was at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W. 'S. Lyster and Cagli. The title rSlc (Macbeth) was allotted to Signor Tournerie, Mucdajf to Signor Leandro Coy, Bnaywc to .Signor Dondi, Mal colm to Signor Benso, PKijsieian to Signor Favas, Gentlewom 'aii to Signora Tournerie, and iLrarfy Macbeth to Sig nora Zenoni. — l";o:— 1 — -1" 