KISSED BY MISTAKE. [From the Wedding B<Jh.~\ ' Will you be at home to-night, Mary ?" And the speaker, a tall, muscular, well-looking farmer, reddened to the roots of his hair, as though he bad committed some very wicked act instead of asking a simple question. He was bashful, extremely so, was James Brown, at least in the presence of ladies, and most of all in the socicty of the girl he loved. How he contrived to approach Mary Williams on the subject of his preference for her probably remains as much a mystery to himself as it is to others. James was worth, in a worldly way, more than any of her suitors; goodlooking and intelligent enough to satisfy any one but au over fastidious person. " Mother is going over to Aunt Em's to spend the evening, and wants me to go • but I won't. I've been working on father's shirts all day, besides doing the dairy work, and am as tired as I can be; so they will have to go without me. Don't come until 8 o'clock; I shall be through puttiug things to rights then, and will let you in." Of course James so far forgot his baslifuhiess as to petition for a good- bye kiss, which was peremptorily refused. " No, I sha'n't! Think I didn't see you fidgeting round Sarah Jones yesterday ? I've not forgotten that, sir." " Now, Mary " Bat the appeal was broken off by a tantalising little laugh, and as he sprang forward to take a pleasant revenge on liis tormentress, she slipped awav, and ran up the path to the house, where he saw her wave her hand as she disappeared within the kitchen porch. And then he turned from the gate, and took the road homeward. The teathings had been carried out. the table set back against the wall, and Mary's workstand drawn up in front of the blazing fire. Mary was sewing and thinking how she could tell her mother she expected a visitor. She would have given the world to be able to say, in an off-banded manner, that she expected Mr. Brown to drop iu about 8. " I shall ,not dare to tell her ; she'll be sure to tliink I wished to get her out of the way, so I might have James all to myself, and I should never liear the last of it." And, like a wise little puss, she was silent. I'll venture my word on it, you would not have wondered at our young farmer's enthralment, if you could have seen Alary Williams as she sat by the fireside that cold November evening. A neatly-fitting dark calico, with the new look still on it, a fresli linen collar, and tasteful black silk apron. These were the chief items of Mary's toilet; but she looked as sweet and dainty in her plain dress as if hours had been spent in donning laces and jewels. Her rich hair, of the darkest tinge, fell in shining folds close to her warm, red cheeks, and was caught up in a cunning net behind. Eight o'clock and past. Mrs. Williams was dozing in her chair —her shadow on tlie wall bobbed about in grotesque mimicry as she nodded to and fro, and her fat hands lay listlessly in her lap, and her ball of yarn had rolled out upon the hearth, and puss was busy converting it into Gordian knots. And just then came a double rap at the door—so loud, so sudden, so selfassured, thai jlary started up . with a little shriek, and set her foot on the cat's tail, who in torn gave voice to her amazement and displeasure. The combined noise aroused Mrs. Williams, and, starting into an erect position, she rubbed her eyes, settled her cap border, and exclaimed— " Bless my soul, Mary! What was that? Somebody at the door? Who can be coming at this time of night ?" " It is not late, mother—only a little past 8. I'll go and see who it is," said Mary, demurely taking the candle from the table. " No. You wind up my ball, and sweep np tlie hearth, while I go to the door," said tlie old lady, whose feet were struggling in the meshes of the unravelled yarn. " Drat that cat." And all this time James was standing on one foot iu the cold porch, with Ins hands in his overcoat pockets, wondering if Mary had fallen asleep, and every How and then giving the door a rap by way of variation. In her hurry Mrs. Williams forgot to take the candle, and as she stepped out in tlie little front entry, the sitting-room door slammed after her. She found herself in the cmbrace of a stout pair of arms, a whiskered face in close proximity to her own, aad, before she could tliink about the strangeness of her situation, she received a prolonged kiss—a hearty smack—full upon her lips. " Oh! 'Taint Obadiali, neither !" She had by this time divested herself of the impression that it was her usually sober spouse, who must haye come home in au unusually excited condition thus to indulge in such an unwonted expression of affection. " Get out! Get out, I say ! Who arc you? Murder! Thieves! Mary, come here ? Here's a man kissing me like mad 1" But the intruder had discovered liis mistake—it did not need tlie indignant pommelling and scratching of tlie lady's vigorous list to cause him to relinquish his hold and fly as if pursued by some indignant ghost. Mary, nearly choking with smothered laughter, in spite of her trepidation, now came to her mother's rescue. " I never was so frightened in all my life ? Who could it be ? Mary, have you any idea ?" But that dutiful daughter was, to all appearances, innocent as a dove. She soothed the old lady by representing that it might have been one of the neighbors, who, having drunk too much, had mistaken the house and housewife. She searched the entry for the missing spectacles, dropped in the scuffle ; rearranged tlie rumpled cap-border; wound up tlie tangled yarn ; stirred tlie fire— all in the most amiable manner possible —and at length had the satisfaction of seeing her mother subside into the chair with her accustomed tranquility. But Mrs Williams was fully awake now. She bad a new idea in her head ; and, instead of settling herself for another nap, she pursued tlie train of thought and her knitting at the same time, with wonderful rapidity. At length stopping, aud looking keenly at Mary, she said— " I suppose it's a queer notion of mine, Mary, but I've au indistinct idea that that man was Jim Brown." If Mary's face did not fire up then ! You might have lit a candle by it. These incipient symtoins did not escape the wary inquisitor. " 'Pears so to me, 'cause those big whiskers were so much like his'n and tlie awkward way he gripped me. with his great paws." Mary was wonderfully busy. She bent over her work, and threw the needle through so rapidily that the thread snapped, aud then she was so engaged in threading her needle again, that she didn't have time to answer. " I don't think that kiss was meant for me after all. Wonder who it was intended for? And I wonder if you don't know something about it, Mary ?" "Me, mother?" " Yes, you, Mary. You was mighty anxious to get me and father off to Aunt Em's this eveniug, but I noticed you were dressed up extraordinary, for ail you weren't going. Mary, I'm getting old, I leuow it; but I haven't lost my eyesight yet. I've heard something about this between you and James Brown. What are you playing that game for ? "TTut with it, I say." Our little schemer, thus adjured, made a "clean breast" of the matter, much relieved to find thatmother " hadn't nothing agin him," aud would " give father a talW about it, aud bring hioi all around on the subject." " But, Mary, I want you to tell Jim I'd rather he wouldn't make such a mistake agin. I don't like' tlie feel of his big whiskers about my face. I don't approve of promiscuous kissing." James never heard the last of that blunder. Old Williams used to delight in rehearsing the story whenever all parties interested happened to be present. He would shake his fat sides at James's discomfiture, and his wife's tart replies, aud Mary would join him, and both would laugh until the tears ran down their cheeks, " Never mind, Jim," Mrs. Williams would say, consolingly. " Let him laugh. He'd hare been only too glad to have been in your place twenty years ago. He had to work to get a kiss from me then. And I hope it will be a lesson to you and Mary agin the impolicy of concealment and such underhand doings of all sorts." A LIBERAL MIXISTER. — A Melbourne paper says that the Rev. T. Jones, Congregational minister, is a man of broad sympathies and fearless withaL Just think, of a Protestant minister of any denomination 20 years ago standing unabashed in the pulpit and praising the Pope; and this is what Mr. Jones feelingly and ably did in his own church the other Sunday. He lauded the sympathetic, kindly disposition of the departed Pontiff, and didn't feel it incumbent upon him to say one scathing word about Babylon or the scarlet lady. THE TELEPHONE IS A NEW LIGHT.—The Berlin correspondent of the Register writes as follows:—" Among the recent orders executed by Messrs. Siemens & Halske was a telephone for King Alfonso of Spain, to be used between the palaces of Madrid and Aranjuez. According to custom a royal bride of Spain must not see ber intended for a certain liumber of days before the wedding, and thus Donna Mercedes stayed in Aranjuez while Don Alfonso resided in Madrid. As the young couple were fondly attached to each other this separation appeared rather hard to them, when a courtier had the lucky idea of ordering a telephone from Berlin and connecting the two palaces with a fernsprecher, thus creating a ready and easy communication by which the King and the Infanta could exchange the most fervent expressions of love and attachment. Any young reader of your journal who is unavoidably separated from his inamorata can now follow King Alfonso's example and converse by means of Dr. Bell's invention with his absent sweetheart." 