A NOVEL VIEW OF SAN FRANJ CISCO. San Francisco calls itself a city ; but a city it is not. We delight to style ourselves cosmopolitan j cosmopolitan we are not. A cosmopolite is a itcizen of the work), one whose home is in every place and who is attached to none. We have no such population. Now and then a stranger comes and goes ; now and then are seen in our streets the strange garb of some foreign person ; but the great bulk of our people are fixtures ; some are fossils. Ours is a great, gossiping country village, smaller than a city larger than a hamlet. Everybody knows everybody ; every body knows the business of eveyrbody else ; good society has only one circle ; buisness men are all cogs of the samo revolving machinery ; the city has only one centre where loungers and loafers meet, only one place where buisness converges. Its press are cats and dogs in the same basket. Its politicians flounder in tho same filthy pool. Tho real fact is wo are the smallest small ootfuo oi a cuy in mo um;ea ssiaies or America. This comes from our isola tion ; we are so far from tho world's great centre, so removed from the great throbbing arteries of trade and commerce, that we have but little in sympathy with the bustling' active world in which we do not live. Ours is a little side eddy in the great rushing stream of life whore,, like chips and bottles and apples, we swim around each other in eddying circles, excJaming,' Behold how we apples swim !' Every shower is a storm, every breeze a tempest, every agitation an earthquake, every incident a sensation. VVo go from the depths of despair to the dizzy heights of over-sanguino expecta tion ; to-day we are in tho doldrums, to morrow on tiptoe with exultant hope. Stocks are down, real estate declines, buisness is dull , and lung-visaged mourners go about the street. Stocks go up, real estate advances, buisness im proves, and in anticipation the town smokes two-bit cigars, every gambler buys a fast team and drives to the Cliff. Like children we are tickled with straws, like, sbhool girls we are scared at ghosts. Some small scandal will amuse us for a day, but there is no ' scandal so small that it will not ripple through the wbolo circle of society from centre to circumference. One little sen sation succeeds another in quick suc cession, each sufficient for the time to absord the entire attention of tho entire \ town. When we are in tho dumps we ; are tho bluest of the blue, and think that San Francisco is going to bo deso-:! lated and ruined by Frazer River, Goat , Island, or Oakland ; when wo are not,' we boast in tones of loudest exultation of ;? our future glowing prospects, of tho trade of the Orient, of gold and grain, of inex haustible rccources, of wine and wool, of huge vegetables, of a climate where flowers bloom every month in the year,, of tho apple and the pine apple, tho olive and the vine, of milk and honey, and all is couleur de rose. — Argonaut. 