LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Thursday, 15 August, 1878. Tlio Speakrb took tlio chair at half-past tlireo o'clock. PETITION". Mr. Gnooii presented a petition, signed, by about 150 inhabitants of Warwick, complaining that tlio sum given for luud, tiio property of Mrs. Kerr, token for re- sumptions for railway and water-works pur poses, was quite inadequate to the valuo of tlio property ; and praying that the Houso would bo pleased to take the ease into con sideration, and givo such relief as it might see iit. . On tho motion of Mr. Groom tlio petition was read at length and received. FORMAL MOTION. The Pckmiek (Mr. Douglas) moved for leave to introduce a Bill to cnublo Uio Maryborough Gas and Coke Company (Limited), incorporated under tho provi sions of The Compunics Aet of 18U3, to light with Gas tho town of Maryborough and its suburbs, and for other purposes thereiu mentioned. Question put and passed; and the Bill, having becu introduced, wus read a first time, and ordorod to bo printed. QUESTION. Mr. Bailey asked tho honourable mem ber for Warrcgo — If ho intends to movo tho adoption of lio report of tlio Select Committee on tho Wiflgeo reserve ? Mr. Walsh said he understood tho hon ourable the Minister for -Works to state yesterday that such a question could not be put to a private member. Ho should, therefore, claim to hear the ruling of the Speaker on tho subject. Tho Si'EAKEK said that Aluy's " Parlia mentary Practice " stated: — "By tlio practice of both Houses, questions aro frequently put to Ministers of the Crown concerning any measuro pending in Parliament, or other public event ; and to particular mcin- . bens who have charge of u Bill, or who have given notices of motion, or aro otherwise con cerned in some business before tho House." He thought that the honourable member, as chairman of the committee, cauio under tho lattor category, and might answer a question concerning it. Mr. Walsh saidlic understodd, then, tho Speaker to rulo thut tho Minister for Works had been wrong. His reply to tho question wns, that tho Government hud intimated to liim that the lands in question would now bo thrown open to general selection, and not monopolised by Charles Eogors and James Smith, the two individuals whoso names were attached to tho applications. HOMESTEAD SELECTORS RELIEF BILL. Tlio Sphakeu announced that lie had received a messago from the Ix?gislativo Council, returning tho Homestead Selectors Relief Bill, without amendment. LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL. The Spbakeu anuouueed that he had received a message from tho Legislative Council roluruing the Local Government Bill, with amendments indicated in an ac companying schedulo. On tho motion of tho Attokney-Gene- bal (Mr. Griffith) tho consideration of tho Legislative Council's umenduicnts to tho Local Govcrnmout Bill was mado an Order of the Day for Wednesday next.' QUESTION. Mr. McLean asked tho Secretary for Public Lands — When the Govcrnmout proposo to throw open for selection tho lust resumed portion of Tabragolba Run ? 4 Tho Ministkb fob Lands (Mr. Garrick) replied — Tho Government have not decided to throw open tho land for tho purposes of selection. POSTPONED MOTIONS. On the motion of Mr. Mubphy, tho fol lowing three motions, standing in his name, were postponed till this day fortnight : — That this House will, at its. next sitting, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, to consider of nn Address to the Governor, praying that His Excellency will be pleased to cause to bo placed upon tho next Supplementary Estimutcs, tho sum of £y,000 to bo appropri ated as follows £3,000 for making and im proving tho principal street and highway in Cooktown, and £G,000 for making and improv ing the road — being the continuation of tho first-mentioned road — and other roads in tho district. That this House will, at its noxt sitting rcsolvo itself into a Committee of tho Wholo/ to consider of an Address to tho Governor, praying that His Excellency will bo pleased to cause to bo placed on tho Supplementary Esti mates for the present year, the sunt of £3,000 for tho purposo of making roads on tho Palmer goldlicld, between tho various lines of reef and tho crushing machines. That litis Houso will, at its noxt sitting, rcsolvo itself into a Committee of tho Wholo, to considor of an Address to tho Governor, praying that His Excellency will bo pleased to cattso to bo placed on tho next Supplementary Estimates, tho sunt of £0,000 to bo expended on the road across tho Granite Range, and oilier necessary works in tho neighbourhood of Port Douglas. ROADS IN THE GYMPIE GOLDFIELD. Mr. Kidgell, in moving — That this Houso will, at its noxt sitting, rc solvo itself into a Committee of tho Whole, to consider of an Address to tlio Governor, praying that His Excellency will bo pleased to cause to bo placed on tho Supplementary Estimates for 1876, tlio sum of £1,000 for tho purposo of making roads in tho Gynipio Goldfiold, between tho various linos of roofs and llto crushing ma- cliincs, — said it was quite unnecessary for him to mnko anything liko an apology for asking tho sanction of the House to the vote, as only tlio sum of £200 was x>laccd on tho Estimates for roads in the Gympie gold- field. Tho honourable member for Spring- sure had been in error in stating that the sum of £3,000 was on the Estimates for Gynipio roads, unloss he had included all the roads leading to Gympie. If he had counted nil roads to Gympie for a radius of fifty to eighty miles he might be correct, hut he (Mr. Kidgoll) asserted that, as far as the electorate was concerned, only tho sum of £200 whs on tho Estimates for all roads, including tho portion of the road from Brisbane to Maryborough thut was in the electorate. Nothing whatever had been spent on tho latter road, with tho ex ception of soino trilling sum for repairs, siuce the time of Mr. Palmer's Administra tion. Tho repairs consisted of clearing out side-drains, which was liko giving a mail a collar when ho really required a shirt. In purls of the road thcro were largo ditchos, eight to ten feet wide, and four to fivo feet deop. The wholo of tho £200 on tho Estimates could be spent without wnsto in repairiug tlio roads be tween Gympie nud tho Onc-milo. Ho was aware that thcro was also a sum of £100 down for roads in and around Gympio; but honourable members who knew the amount of settlement which had taken place in every direction would admit that tho sum was not an oxtravagant one. Tho portion of tho Gympio goldfiold commonly known as tho Two-mile, but which was at least three miles from tho crushing uiacliincs, had been almost at a stand- still for tho last scvonor eight years mainly onnccountoftho great expense of carting quartz to the mills. Ho should not have pressed the matter so strongly had ho not felt that tho dis trict had a just claim. Tho Colonial Trea surer would very likely say tho times would not stand it; but ho (Mr. Kid gell) did not see why oxpcnscs should not ho curtailed in some other direc tion so that the district ho represented should get a fair share of the expendi ture. Tho electorate contuincd somewhere about 5,000 inhabitants, had produced a very largo amount of gold, and been the means of relieving the colony from great financial pressure ; and yet for the -whole district the sum of £200 only wus proposed for roads. Ho might bo twitted with tho remark, " Why don't you form yourselves into a municipality P" and ho would admit that formerly there might have been somo grounds for the reflection. But an attempt to become incorporated had sinco been made, nud the Government for some reason had not taken uny decided ac tion in tho matter. A petition nud a counter petition were presented, and he be lieved that tho original one, in favour of incorporation, had the greater number of names. He might, howovcr, bo in error on that point, hut at least tho Government had now the power in their hands, under tho new Local Government Bill, to comply with 'the wishes of those who desirod that Gympio should assume tho status to which it was entitled both by tho number of its population and the extent of its resources, lie would leave tho matter in the hands of the committee as simply a measure of jus- tico to the constituency ho represented. The Ministeu fob Wobkb (Mr. Allies) suid tho motion was similar to a good many others on tho paper, and appeared moro ike an electioneering feeler than as repre senting a real necessity. Some little time ago ho had gone over the whole of the roads from the crushing machines to the shafts, and he must say lie hud never seen better roads anywhere. The road from Alurybo- rough to Gympie niso was equal, orsuperior, as a bush rond to anything he had ever tra velled over, though, no doubt, the long period of dry weather, which was an excellent roadtimkcr, had something to do with that. The roads around Gympie were also in magnificent order, no doubt owing in some measure to the broken stone from the mines furnishing such excellent road material. A considerable sum had. already been ex pended on the roads in and around Gympie. Home months ago, when in Gympie, he (tho Minister for Works) lmd given the local road board there authority to spend £300 or £100, and ho believed the money had been 6pent judiciously and cconotm call, and had done good service. Ho was of opinion that tho motion was only brought forward to show that the honourable mem ber wus looking after the interests of his constituents, and not because tho money was wanted. If the district had been suffering from heavy rains, tho roads might have been cut up ; but such was not the case. Thou sands and thousands of pounds had been spent on tho roads from Gyiupie to Brisbane, nearly enough altogether to have built a railway, and yet the road was always impassable in bad weather. The storm water rushed down, at such times, from tho ridges and sides of the mountains, and literally swept the road away. Jle would recommend tlio honourable member to withdraw the niotion, and, nt all eveuts, he hoped it would not be agreed to because he was certain that the amount placed on tho Estimates was quite suOicient to keep tho roads in first-rate order. Question put. Tho Houso divided. Area, 12. Messrs. Kidgell, Macrossan, Morvbeud, Groom, Ivory, Bailey, Murphy, Bcor, Perkins, O'Sulliran, iteattic, and Walsh. Noes, 15. Messrs. J. Scott, Palmer, Mocfarlanc (fiock- humptou), McLean, IJockings, Garrick, Pring, Fruscr, MacDonuhl, Giuliani, Griffith, Me- llwraitb, Douglas, Dickson, and Miles. Question thorofore, resolved iu the negative. CASE OF PATRICK McNAMAKA. Mr. Pekkins asked leave to move, with out previous notice, tho following motion, standing in the name of Mr. Morgan That tlio report of the select committee, appointed to inquire into tliopotition of Patrick McNainura, of Warwick, bo adopted. As a mombor of that committee, lie might say that, after all the evidence that was considered necessary, the committee had unanimously como to tho conclusion that Air. McNauinro had paid the money years ago to tho then Land Agent at Warwick, who lmd misappropriated it to the extent of £200, and recommended that it bo re funded to him without interest Permission to put tho motion having been given, Mr. Walsh said that, whatever might be his sympathy with the motion, his regard to tho proper conduct of the business of tho Houso was of- still greater moment to him. According to tho Standing Orders, no member could represent another mem ber in putting a motion. The Spbakeb : The honourable member did not ask permission to move the motion for tho honourable member for Warwick, ! but to movo tho motion himself without notice. Mr. Walsh said that made the matter moro irregular still, and he was sorry tho honourable member had not been arrested at once. The honourable mem ber for Warwick, who had the mo tion on the paper, might perhaps not think it necessary to proceed further with it; and the honourable member for Aubigny might, in his enthusiasm and zeal take up the case, not on behalf of the hon ourable member for Warwick, but on liis own account or on account of some frioud or client of bis own. While his sympathies were entirely with the individual referred to, ktill thcro were certain observances with regard to the conduct of public business which must bo upheld without fear or favour. He did not call attontion to this with any view of hostility to the motion, because ho should probably agrco with it if properly made. His only object was to prevent Innovation iu the aIIwwvmuws of the Houses The Speakhbs The name flirautiuelhwrtw former occawous ibeuu AlWtrtl lly (llhv J louse, nud daring itwd ftiwwvll motions were made without iwdiitav doubt it is uomputonl to (the Huiise ttoolb- jcet to grunt permission Whw ituflwd &V;? but I do not boe.auy hrogulttnity, Sf pur- mission is given, to mukc .u umtuiu wiililmvt notice. Air. Walsh said that, for the purpvM-isf preserving the ©bswwaum <vj dllve lluufiunss of the House, he .would <©lycul ity.muib mission being given. The tfi'EAKEu.: The .dbjuutmu akiuius (toy late. I asked ptruusniou M«r<e putChig the question, ana Hie .question, Ibwjg rovw iu possession of the JfoUMVouuuul Ihvw&lh-; drawn without its jHUumsnuun Qucstiou put .aua passed. ROADS AT MA.CHAT. Air. Blob iu moving— — Tlutt this House wjU,.ul il6iUcxtAhAwg,<w> solve iUrlf into u Committee the Wllnue,, tfcv consider of uu Address ;lo the KjUwonuftr,, flwep Jug that liis ExecUemy -.v.Ul the piluiisvil Itv muse to bo placid upon the SiqqilMumitay Estimates for the ptvsmit yeu (the snuiu £3,000 for tho purpose .of inprnriugKihe J&lhv; and bridge roods withiu (the auumuqidUty <rff Mackov,— > aid he was induced (to living fwwiafl tfllus inotiou, because .of the lurgcut muwmritty that existed within dhe muuuupi&ty; fCwr some assistance of -this kind. 1lihe Auuiitui- polity of Alackoy was wej y jputn&iwUy; ctiw- cumstauccd, being placed ,ut greater Awad- vontoge then most .other luouhi itowusaf tfllw colony, iu the matter .of (the juiunu# wntib which it was provided for amHttujg (fihe sus penses entailed iu the awuuteuuuw.'.ff streets. Before Abe muuuupulily wios rt in stituted, a large propartiun the teww lauds had beuu alienated, ;amwgitt Arthur those to wliich .a coast juuwuipu&y; ftrigfct naturally look for jirovisivu fttrmunwaB of this kind, in .the wharfage Hands arajpuD- iug the river. Besides (this Aforitoywas the port for a vury large ngriuUltiwtfl dis trict, which was sent ihrough these Last year juo less ihau 7/JQ9 (tuu<af ugw alone, besides a Jorge ruuauth/ jiuul were manufactured iu tuc jutdgUtautihrail of Alackoy, on plantations iwiudU wakc beyond the muuimpiUilKmudurjiund wiuih contributed, he .believed# ;uu£Uiqg ttv tfAw municipal rcvcuue. Added do cfiUis the fact that the soil of Muukuy iv,w such a nature that .nftAV & slihtbt fall of rain, the streets Ibeciuue uj) by the traffic. The iuniiiutawts within the municipality Aid mot juuw ber more thau 2,QW, aud .as they w«ce not by any means ,e -.wealthy <w.uuuuudy# they %vere altogether , unequal to the ttw £<sf providing means of access fur the manufac turers of sugar to the place £ Unumd. In times past, by some luutwcattuttilfle means, the council had neglotitod ftOcodUftut a sum of about £<Xfr, width wjudd ffiww entitled them to a eorruspcuiduig iuuceoae iu tbe Government .endowment. Jfe&vlh-; mitted that tho eircuuisLtuoustWAXcc wudh ns to placo AIackny out of the luaual of muuieipalitles in this .etiouy, nud <uu- titlod it to come to the House# .-and auJk ffw such a grout as that for width he had mow moved. The Colonial Tbeascbeb studtfhe auo- tiou was of itself .a very .olMwriouaide (awe being a request to spend u Jorge .-auwuwtatf money witQin a municipality, .uud the auuv- ner in which it hud heeai suhuuttod ffrotihe House was not oueavluih .would at© such au offence, as he auight -wdll dviraB it. Every statement made Iby (the able gentleman would furnislC to his amud. a good, arcumont for rtf using to sidtqit ithe motion. The honourable Aoaiubur tbat it was tho duty of theiGovernmrndtto provide for the maintenance k€ ttlus aqmd street in Alackay, because it was «out ivp Iby tbe carriage of a large quantity' from the plantations to the Wharves. Sut he had omitted to state that the <tmtitfe revenue derived from those wharves wns iu tho hauds of the corporation. Buthh«iqg the case, they ought fo be prepared ttoattmu- tain the streets hi order, which Jed fcow the plantations to the port. Thiswas# matter with which he made Muis»jf fu&ly; eouversant on u rocent visit to ifnilkey. While it was alleged that this Jorge traffic was the reason why the Governumut .ffiouJd be called upon -to muintaiu the thorough fares, he, oo the other hand# (Contended that it had quite contrary a Effect 'JHw Government did not derive the revenue from this Jorge of sugar, which was a dimt Jwntffit to the community amongst which it was grown, manufactured, and exported, by the consequent increase of the number of buildings in which the sugar was stored, und of' tho wharves from which it was shipped. The whole of tlio receipt accruing from tho shipment of. this large amount of produce'! went f to . tho municipal revenue, and not a farthing of it to tho Consolidated Kifvchue." Although' il'iViis a fact that these ' river frontages had been sold, . the munici pality had tho benefit of it, for, had they remained in the hands of the Government, they would not have been available for local assessment. That argument, there fore, had no force whatever. It should also be borne in inind that the municipality of Maekay had been very generously treated by tho Government. At present that municipality owed a debt to the country of over £7,000. Tho rates collected during 1877 ainounted to £92U, and nu equivalent amount was pnid by the Government in the shape of tho endowment, its income thus amounting' to £1,900. The ordinary rule had been to grant to municinpUtics, by way of loan, an amount equivalent to tlirco years revenue; but in this caso a very much "larger amount had been granted. It should hkowiso ho boruo in mind that a sum of nearly £14,000 had been expended in improving the embank ments of the Pioneer ltiver, on which work, lie regretted to suv, not a penny of'intcrost liud been paid to the Consolidated Revenue. It had been an unfortunate undertaking from tho beginning, and before anything could be done with it, a very largo sum would have to be spend in addition, in order to preserve the, expenditure which had been already made, ire mentioned these facts to show that tho honourable member hud no reason to complain of tho manner in which the municipality and port of Mackay had been treated. Seeing that Alackoynvas now becoming the seat of a large sugar industry, which had given nit nl once a vnluo to property which a few years ago was almost valueless, and seeing that the municipality had nu enlarged revcmic at its command, it was incumbent on thorn to provido ways and means of their own rather than make an appeal of this sort for tho expenditure . of public money, on local .works. Tho neces sity for these works, if created, should bo met by the revenue derived directly from the shipment of this large amount of produce, which tho lionouruulo gentle man said had induced him to make the Iiresent application. Tho honourable meiu- icr also stated that some £900 of rates slill rcmniucd uncollected. Surely that was no reason why the Government should he called tik)n to supplement the laches of the local governing body, who should endea vour to sco that inore energy was used to get in the rates, and thereby increase their ondowinent. Besides this, there was a sum of £1,700 down on tho Estimates towards tho improvements which the hon ourable member desired, and which was as liberal an allowance as Government could at' present' mukc in that direction. It would, he thought, be admitted l>3 all iui- Iiartiul members that no special case had >ecn niado'oiit in favour or the motion — a motion which he considered decidedly 'ob jectionable.' If the Government derived unyincoiuo from the wharves at Mackay, am! if tlio streets were cut up by the liugcly increasing shipping trade of the port, a case might thou lmvo been made out for some contribution to the muuicipal fund for the improvement of the streets; but when the revenuo went" into a local municipal treasury, lie trusted that honour able' members would agree with him iu discountenancing this proposition. Air. Palmer said the Colonial Treasurer had told the Houso the motion was objec tionable, and that to construct works within a municipality was a thing that had never been dono by the Government. Had tho , honourablo gentleman forgotten what the Government did last year nl Maryborough, when £000 was voted for a road entirely within Uiat municipality? Tho same thing was done at Warwick, on tho ground thut the roads were cut' tip by the traffic from Stanthorpc, at Dalby, ut lloniu, and nl sercrul .other towns, which ho could easily mention; and yet the Colo nial Treasurer told thom it was objection able, and a thing that had never been dono. Whut did the honourable member proposo himself this session but to spend money in uio municipality oi onsuauc, or next cioor to it. 'There was a vote doivn for length ening a strccL ruuning out of the munici pality j aiidyet tho Treasurer said theso things were unusual aud ought not to be dono. ' Tlio remarks of tho honourable member for Boweh, in moving tho rosolu- lion, Vere, lie (Alr. Pnlraer) thought, very pertinent1, to tlio question, and instead of ucing'strong reusous why tho vole should W resisted, as stated by tho Treasurer, thoy ' wero very good rensous for some, assistance being attorded to tho uiuniei- cipality of Mackay. Ho (Mr.. Palmer) could corroborate the honourable member's statement (otitis extent : That before tho municipality was formed, or had any ohhncc of being formed, the proceeds of land sold ut'Aluckuy, which realised very high prices, nil went into the general re venue, and the municipality got nono of it. There had been, no doubt, a good dcul of \- money whstcdon tlio port; andanxiousnshe was to assist tbepeoplcof .Mackay, bodidnot see his way to support tho motiqn in its present sliapo. If the honourable member brought in a motion for £3,000 tobo placed on the next Loan Estimates as a loan to tho municipality he should support it, and lie believed other ' honourable members would do so as well. He know the muni cipality of Mackay hnd hard work to got on nl all owing to tho lurgo quantity of land that was sold before it was formed into a municipality, niul it was worthy of some assistance, and the Treasurer should not attempt to put down. the. speech of the honourable member for Bowen. If Af uekny refused to bo formed into a municipality as Gyinpie persistently, and consistently and cunningly did,, there would bo less to suy on the subject. But tho Gymplc people kuew it was better to go on sucking the old cow than to wenu themselves from her, and yet they had no hesitation in asking for £1,000 to be spent on what ought to liavo been a municipality years ago. Mr. Buoit said it was a very common trick with soino speakers to say llmt rea sons adduced in support of a motion were tho very strongest reasons that could bo brought forward against it; but those who talked in that way should, at any rate, be prepared to prove that what they said was correct. Tluit the reasons ho hud adduced in support of tho motion wero tho strongest that could be urged against it might or might not be ; hut certainly the reasons of the Treasurer against it wero the weakest that could possibly bo heard in a Houso constituted us that was. In tho first place, the Trcusuror said tho wharfages wore tho property of the municipality ; but bo had been informed on what he boliovcd to bo thoroughly reli able uulhority, that that statement was absolutely incorrect — thut nono of tho wharfages, or only a very small portion, if any, was tho property of tlio muni; cipality. Then the lust argument ad duced by the honourablo member that Mackay was becomiug a large und pros perous town, and, therefore, was not en titled to have nny money spent upon it was a very curious doctrine— that .a town was to be assisted in proportion to its unimportance; — that assistance should be withdrawn from a town in proportion to its importance. Was that tho plan upon which the Treasurer und those who sat with him, acted with regard to the chief town of tho colony? They could not stand at any window of tho Houso without scoing direct contradictions of the statement. With reference to tho argument that, tho fact that a largo quantity of sugar or other commodities camo from the outside districts to the wharves, was no reason why the muni cipality should bo assisted 'to maintain tho roads because tho sugar did not contribute to the revenue was a most extraordinary argument. Hid tho Ministry consider when the- wero about to make a grant for nny public road how much the traffic that passed over it contributed to the revenue? lie contended, that when the roads of a municipality were used and worn out by trallie from outside the municipality, it was , a strong argument in favour of assistance being given to that municipality to keep its roads iu order. If Brisbane streets wero worn out by thousands of tons of trallie passing over them from the outside districts, would it not bo a good argument for afford ing support to the municipality for main taining those streets? Jio could not understand how anybody could contend it was. not a good argumcut. Whether the country derived uny benefit from that trulDc or not was .a question, ho was not goings to enter' into, but thero could bo lio doubt tho country ' dorived a' Inrgo amount " of luonoy from the imports into Mackay, which were consumed by those engaged in the sugur in dustry; und the Trcnsuror know very well thut large sums wore also paid in Brisbano as duty on goods going to Mackay. Thut, ho submitted, was another argument in support of the justice of the claim. Then with rcspcot to tho £UOO rates uncollected in Mackay, lie did not ask lliis House to grant that amount, because tho people there had neglocted at some timo or oilier to collect that sutii, but lie had endeavoured to impress upon lion ournblo members- the fact tluit that sum not Jmving being collected, resulted in a similar sum being saved to tho country, which it would have had to contribute if- that amount had been collected. To that extent it was an nrgumonl.not for demand- ing tuo moucr, uui lor aiacKay inrowmg itself, us it were, on tlio generosity of the. country to pa' a sum which, uo doubt, had boeu lost by the laches of tho people them selves. Before lie sat down he should like to take tho opinion of the Speaker, as to .whether bo could alter tlio motion so thut tho sum would be contributed from : tho loan vote? . , The Speaker said tlio motion merely pro posed to go into committee, to consider the question, ami it was immaterial whether the umeiulmcnt was mudo now or in com mittee. . The Colonial Treasurer said he wished to explain that the Local Government Bill would short)' kceomo law, and under. that advances to municipalities could .bo exten ded to tho uuiouut of live years' revenue. Eiyo years' rates aud Government endow ment to Mackay would represent over £9,000, and us tho municipality was at present indebted to the extent of £7,000, it . would be entitled to another loan of £2,000. Therefore, if the honourablo inombcr allowed tho motion to bo negatived, or withdrew it, that additional uuiouut could be obtained on application. Mr. Bkou said, seeing that the feeling of tho House was against' tho motion— ho could not say why— ho should, with tho leave of .the House, withdraw it. Motion, by leave, withdrawn. GRATUITY TO MRS. MURRAY. Mr. Biuttik moved — That this Houso will, at its next sitting, resolve iteolf into u Committee of tho Whole, to. consider, of an Address to tho Governor, . praying that lias Excellency will be pleased to . onuio to bo placed upon tho Supplementary Estimates, tho sum of one hundred pounds (£100) as n gratuity to tho widow of the Into John Murray, cnginccr-aurvoyor. He said it would not ho nccossury to occupy, the timo of tho Houso long on this subject, which ho brought under the notice of the Houso last session. Tlio fnuts were, that tho into John Murray was employed for about twolvo years as engineer-surveyor, under the Marino Board. During the greater part of that timo he was paid a very low salary — about £120 a-year; aud it was only two or tlirco yonrs ago that ho (Air. Boaltic) brought tho case under tho notice of tlio Government, and they in creased his. salary to £200 a-"car. Ho re ceived that only twolvo or eighteen months before his dcatli, aud having a forgo family to support, it was impossible for him to make any provision for them. The dutios lie 'had to perform demanded all his atten tion, and in proof of it—although he (Air. Bealtic) must acknowledge that the duties had increased since his donlli— the ollieer since appointed received received some thing over £300 a-year. lie -hoped the Government would not oppose the motion, aud thut tlio House would agree to it. Tho Colonial. Treasurer said ho did not intend to say anything against the facts disclosed by tho honourable member for Fortitude Valloy ; but it was his duty to resist this motion, and nil motions of u similar character. It was a matter which might recommend itself to the kindly sym pathies of honourablo members, but they should not allow individual sympathy in oases of this sort to loud them to spend the public money, of which they wero tho stewards. If subscriptions wero opened for eases of that sort tlioy might deal with them as their sympathies induced thom, but they had a right to be strictly just in dealing with tho public funds. He felt constrained to say that, having given the matter careful consideration last session mid this, lie thought there was no ground, moral or otherwise, which would induce liirn to recommend the claim to the acceptance of tlio House. Mr. Alurray was appointed in 1802, at a salary of £150 pur annum ; ku discharged his duties satisfactorily up to 1S74, wlicu, in consequenco of tho increased duties of his office, his salary was raised to £200, which ho received, up to the timo of his . death. Tho only reason alleged for the gratuity .was the unprovided position of his family ; and, for tuo reasons ho (tho Colonial Treasurer) had given, tho Govern ment could not support tho motion. Mr. AIcIiavkaitii said ho was afraid the principles of tho Treasurer as Treasurer and its a private member wero very dillcrcnt, for lie quite distinguished himself not very long ago in his advocacy of similar eases to this. ' lie ( Air. Moll wraith) contended that as long as tlmy had not got a proper Civil Service Act tlieso cases would como before the ' House. Ho thought this caso was ns worthy as uny that hud been granted' by the House. Tlicro was a family of six young children to be maintained by the willow, who was a very industrious woman ; und taking into consideration tho fact that owing to the want of a Civil Service Act, which this Government luid promised over and over again, this man was unable to provido for them, he should support tho motion. Mr. Palmer said ho should likotohoar from the Treasurer when they would see the Civil Scrvico Bill promised by the Government. It was nprominont matter in . the Governor's Speech, and although Bills of loss import uneu hnd boon proceeded with, i thoy had heard nothing of it yet.- Willi regard to tho easchoforo tlio Houso, 1 if ho voted for it it would be only on the ground of charity, Jle could rccognisono other claim.. It was tho duty of overyman, particularly thoso in receipt' of regular salary, to provide for his fnmily after his death by insuring his life ; und if the Gov ernment wore not going on with' tlio Civil Service Bill, they might bring iu a Bill to compel Civil Servants to insure thoir lives under Alio . penalty that no consideration would bo extended to their wives or famb lies afterwards. These eases cropped up year after your ; there was ouothorof the sumo kind to como on immediately after this, nnd if they voted this as charity what were they to do with tho other? Ho sup posed it would .bo charily us well. lie could nob recognise it us. anything hut charity to a well-deserving woman. Mr. Graham said some Civil Servants who were niixious to got their lives insured could got no office to take them owing to constitutional disease or infirmity, unci yet they might bo very good und deserving officers. Ho did not thiuk they should volo public monoy out of charity; but, considering tho delay that had tuken place in introducing tho promised Civil Service Bill, ho should support this motion. The sum asked for was moderate, and, until a Civil Service Bill was brought in, lie thought lie should vote for every desorving caso of the kind that uumo before the House. " v The Premier said, with regard to tho V Civil Scrvico Bill, it was now ready, -and t; \- tho Government would- willingly ihavo .\ fiasscd it if it hnd .been possiblc jbuljt- i:id bcciYimpossibfo up to tlio present time. Tho whole of tho time nvailablo for tho Government had boon devoted to two important measures— tlio Electoral Bill and tho Local Government Bill, and, in connection with it, tho Lands Resump tion Bill. Since then, tho Estimates hnd been under consideration on Government days, aud it would have been useless to attempt to puss tlio Civil Servants Bill. In fact, they could nob hopo to pass it this session; and if thoy had brought it for ward, honourablo mombcrs would, no doubt; . have said, why did they nob proceed with their important mcasuros and the Esti mates, instead of a matter which, important thought it might be, was still of secondary . importance? "With regard to tho vote unucr discussion,' lio felt bound to resist it on tho sumo principle as stated by the honourablo tho Colonial Treasurer. As a matter of charity it might he very gratify ing to vote such sums, but thero were many other deserving persons in similar circum stances to Mrs. Murray who would bo glad- to rccciro £100 at the public expense. Ho did not know why Mrs. Murray' should bo singled out more than any other widow for tho charity of tho Stuto — for thut was what it amounted 'to: Air. Alurray had, he was informed opportunities of coming uudcr tho Civil Service Act, but ho did not think lit to do so; and however much'they might sympathise with tlio con dition of this widow with a large family lo rear and educuto, tluit w as ho reason why they should vote public money as charity to her und distinguish her above others who wore no doubt struggling uudcr similur circumstances. Air. Groom said ho coiild hardly agree with tho Premier that a Civil Scrvico Bill would fail to secure consideration. He was inclined to think the Biliof serious import- ance,aiulthatifitliadbecnbrougIitincurlier it would have probably progressed to such a degree tluit it- would bo under considera tion by the Legislative Council that after noon, instead of that! body having to dismiss themselves for tho want of something to . do. It was very possiblo, also, that if such a Bill hud boon law, the House might havo boon spared such 'an application as the one now ,boforo it. Considering tho . largo , number of Civil Servants, and1 that they. wore "steadily increasing, a Civil. Service .Bill was of very great .importance. Ho1 voted !fost year for a gratuity to Airs. Murray for the reason advanced that after noon viz., tlio absonco of a Civil Service Act. Ho agreed .with tho honourablo raomber for Port Curtis that it was thei bounden ' duty of every man to' make provision for his .family in case ' accident , .o,r death should, ovcrtnko him., ( But,, on , tho. other hand there wero lives which uq ;; insurance - office' would, take, and ho.uuder- , stood Uiat tho life of the Into Mr. Murray j was one of thorn. Considering Tlic ndturo of his occupation, tho danger and; risk" attending it, and othcr circ umstances' which . it was not necessary to describe, ho under-' .stood Uiat it 'wus impossible for." Uio,. late Mr: Murray to 'insure his lifo. Hb should, support tho motion exactly as" ho 'did last . year, and )io felt that although, tho period . of the session was late, it was not too Into . to pass a Civil Scrvico ' Bill. . . Ho believed thoy should bo kept silting for the next livo or six woeks, in which caso there would bo amnio time to carry .a Bill ' through. At all events such a measure was needed, lind until it was passed, tho Houso must expect tobo called upon to entertain such applications aatho one beforo it. Tlio Hon.'It. Pihno said- lio had no diffi culty himself, as honourablo members seemed to have, in giving a reason why ho . should support the motion. Probably tlio . Colonial Treasurer was right iu his official capacity to oppose it. Other lioiibu'rablo members seemed to think that it should be regarded as an act of charily. He, on tho other haiid, looked upon tho application us a kind of right to which tho widow of tho ! Into Air. Murray was entitled, and that tho honourablo member for Darling Downs had taken the most -correct view of. tho matter. The late Mr.. Alurray, ho took it, was an ollieer in tho professional division of tho service under the Civil Borneo Act of 1SG3, and uudcr the 22nd section of that statute, his widow hnd family would havo bceen entitled on his death to a gratuity of two month's pay for each year thut lio had been in tlio ser vice. This " Act was repealed by tho Civil Scrvico Act of 1809, which, however, contained a saying clause preserving the existing, rights of Civil Servuuts. That right— tho right that Mrs. Murray held in , 1809, to reeeivu a cratuity on the death of her husband— still existed, or had been unjustly swept away by subsequent Acts. If it had bcon repealed, tlicro could bo no -better reason than that tlio House should now bo called to grant u gratuity to Mrs. Alurrny. lie must say thut he had been at uSiorfcct loss to understand what motive could, have induced Iho Government to repcal tho Civil Service Act, and leave the Civil Servants in tho hands of the Ministry of tho day. .Ho had como to tho conolu- Bioxt that the, Government wished to have the sole control o£ the Civil Sprviinl.s. . Tho consequence of the repeal' of tjie Civil {Ser vice Act was that the Civil -Servants were simply in the hands of the Government, .body and soul. Those who were in. the service btiforu tlio repent were entitled to the rights they .previously held, but tliorie appointed. sineo hml no rights, lie liopecl to see a Civil Service Bill passed soon, so that tho Civil Servants might have rights, and the Government be relieved of the responsibility of providing for such coses as thq.onc before the House. .. The Ministbh fob Lands- (Mr. Garrick) laid, with reference. toi the remarks of the honourable inombor for Brisbane,, there was no : doubt that Civil Servants, within the iDcauing of the Act, were entitled, to tho privileges to whicli ho hud alluded; but it must be rcmombored that thoy must make a contribution of two percent, from their salary. Under the 17th section, of tho Act. of; 18GJ, Mr. -Murray could have made, provision, for an allowance to his wife and children, lmd ho uhosoii to contribute two per cent from his salary. Although tho Act had been repealed, it did hot interfere with existing rights ; and any person wllOi nt tho time ot its repeal, was . contributing. this two per cent., could have continued doing so, nnd many, he believed, did continue. He believed tlioy had the privilege of withdrawing nil that thoy had contributed, or they might continuo their contribution; and, should they die in the Buryiee, their wives and families would be entitled to allowances. There was, there fore, no hardship at all inflicted. Mr. Prino said, tlie honourable gentle man was perfectly wrong. Tho Si'iukku reminded tho honournblo member that lie had already spoken. Mr. Pbino said ho would then say, in explanation, that , . ' .The. SpEXKBB.said q': refutation of.nn qr-, gu m e n t was not a personal explanation. . The Ministku fob. AVobks , (Mr. Miles) said the 17th section of the Civil Service Act provided that Civil Servunts should contribute 2 ;pcr .cent, to obtain its privi leges, and be was not .awaro that any im pediment had been thrown. in the way of the.lute Mr. Murruy.couiing under it. He. lmd no Vdoubt.tbo vote, would bo carried, but lip; would point, oiit to honourable nieuibjrs that if thoy waiitcd to be. generous thoy ought , to be just. Bcforo voting away tho public money;, iu this fashion, they should consider whether they ought not. to put their hqiuls.. in their pockets and assist Mrs.. Murray with, charitable contributions. It was all very, well to take up thd caso of ; this widow aud lier six .children, but Uoiibnrablo : members, were returned to the House to dp. their duty,and:protoct the Treasury. The i f only way. the case could be , mot was by private contributions, and honourable members' should . not vote tho public money in charity. ,, Lot them, ha repeated, put their hands .in .their pockets and assist. He, lmd, never refused to give-, what he could, afford' when application was made to assist such cases as Utis, and he hud novor agreed to support such motions as the one before the House. He considered that ho would bb doing wrong to voto away the public money simplj because this widow .and her children 'might ho in difficulties. A great deal had -been said about the Civil Service Ant of 1803. He should like to know who had thrown dillieuliies in the way of the late Mr. Murray taking advantage of that ActR If they passed this motion, they would bo actually holding out inducements to ihako provision for the future, and lead tlicm to beliovo that the State would pro vide for their wives and families. ; It was monstrous and preposterous, T'hpy were actually 'holding out a premium to Civil Servants, to bo improvident — to say to them selves, " Wo shall tako no cure for tho. morrow, because we know that when .wc are gone the country will provide for our wives and children.' Those motions were bud and rotten to tho core, aud if heliad to stand alone, ho should oppose them. As sistance of this kind ought not to be voted by Parliament. Thoy should endeavour to hold out inducements to ofOcors in tho Government service to be provident, to husband their means, and to make provision for tho future. It was not to bo supposed, however, that they would do so when they could lind honourable members like the honourable member for Fortitude Valley who was one of those benevolent, generous individuals always ready to conui forward and assist tho destitute— to bring forward sueh appli cations. Ho (Mr. Miles) would rather, : however, that he came round with a sub scription list, and asked for a donation. That wus tho proper way to provido for. such cases, uiul the honourable member had no right to bring forward these motions and . perpetuate tins growing ovil. He would always oppose these motions, bocauso ho beliuveu it to bo radically wrong that Civil- Servants should bo encouraged to suppose that Government would provide for their families. Tho honourable member for Port Curtis bad talked ubout intro ducing a Bill to compel Civil Servants to insure their lives. It they were to do that they would bo interfering with the-liherty of the subject, and it was moreover pre posterous to attempt anything of the kind. Mr. Macuossan said that some members of the Ministry seemed to have changed their mind about the - Civil ServieoBill, and to think now that it w:is an unimportant measure. Some two or three years ago it was. not « thought so; neither .was it lost year, or ril the beginning of this session, ,for when ho asked the Premier whether such n Bill would be. introduced, he replied yes. , The Premier had stated, that it was no use introducing tho Bill this session, us it would not be passed, but lie had never made au effort to get it passed. He had simply made a promise to introduce) the. Bill, and allowed the matter to rest there. So long as thoy hud no Civil Service Act, these applications would -ho continually cropping up, and it was impossible for honourable members to .resist the appeal. If.tlio.Ministor for Works wax very sorious in his opposition, thora was uo better way of . preventing .them thau by urging his lender to introduce a good Civil Scrrico Bill. He should vote, for, the motion simply because tho Government had re fused to. dp thoir duty towards .tho Civil Servants. It seemed that they had some dispute about the At repealed some yours ago, the statement of thehonourablu member for Brisbane having been contra dicted by the honourable Minister for Lauds, lie Htul. a. high opinion of the hon ourable member .for Brisbane's .opinion in matters of law, nnd to give him an. oppor tunity of saying something upon tho hon ourable Minister for Lands' contradiction, and believing that lie was quite able to rauiutuiu his statement, should move the adjournment of the debate. ; Mr. Puixa was much obliged to the, honourable meniber for Kennedy for giving hiui uti opportunity of still reiterating thai lie was right, and he was sure tho honourable Minister for, Lauds. would; admit it when ho hud heard his,; reply. The 17th section to which, tho honourable) gentle- limn had referred, provided for. a re tiring allowance to un officer retiring from tho service. . When the Act , o£ 1803 was passed, the section was .introduced to euuhle. the Government to provide a ' fund, bv doductiug two per cent, per annum from the salary of each Civil Servant to. whom the Act applied, out of which they could pay a retiring allowance tosurvauts. who. hau attained . the ; full age of sixty years or hud boon incapacitated through illness and retired from tho service. This did not apply to every Civil Servant; and what hud it to do. with a gratuity 'i There were .other41, persons in tho Government service who were not called Civil Servants, mid. did uot co.mc under the section. . .Their, cases were provided for by the 22ml. section, which said; — : "If any public servant," no' one coukl doubt , that Mri Murray was in the public service when lie was re ceiving iT200 ti-ycar as engineer— . "without bia own default and in tho dis- charge of his duty should rceeivo sucli bodily injury as to iticapacitate hiiiL from the discharge of .his duties' or.it, ho shall dio while in the sor- vice tho Governor jii Council iimy grant to such' publio servant or widow or children u gratuity not exceeding two months' pay ut liis thcu rale of salary for each year of service." That gratuity came oiit of tho Consolidated ltovenue. Tho one section referred to tho widow or children of a man, the oilier re ferred to the mau himself while living. In the one ciise the allowuneo cuiiio oiit of a fund to which the uiun hud contributed himself, but . into whicli all Government employes did not pay.; in the other it wus a gratuity to the widow. More than that, - under. tho Act of lSlU) a Civil »aiuuk nuu .nun iu wu bviwwu uuwiu 1801) would havo liis .rights preserved, under the 17th section, hut it became a question whether, a public servant, not beiug - tt recognised public servant, would huvo his rights preserved under tho 22nd section. He, . therefore, said, that if a Civil Service Bill hud been introduced,' some such clauso wpuld.havc been passed, and ; the House would have preserved sueh rights, and, consequently, ho con tended that it, was hot an act of charity to pass the motion, and that the, Govern ment ought not to be ashamed to recogniso it, seeing that they were only placing' Mrs. Murray in tho suinc position that she wus in before 18GU. Owing to the ivaut of a proper. Civil Service Act after the repeal ing Act, the honourable member for lorti- tudo Vullcy had been obliged to do what would otherwise not have been necessary. Tho Ministkb fob Lands said, without doubting tho value of tho honourable mem ber's opinion, ho was suro'that ho would still allow him to assert that he was not right. < Under tho 17th section of the Civil Service .Act of 1833, it was. provided that there should be deducted from the salary of overy officer to whom the Act applied the untiual sum of two pounds per centum per. annum, which should bo paid into the Consolidated ltovenue. Then it went on to provido that when a servant who had made such payment attained the full ago of such years, or should ho in capacitated through illness, aud retired, lie should be entitled to a retiring allowance. The Aet provided for two tilings— for n Civil Servant who, during his life, took his retiring allowuucc, and for a Civil Servant who contributed hut did not tako the allowauco during his lifetime. The one contributed until he retired, aud the other until his death, and tho only question was as to tho disposition of the two amounts. Where tho one stepped aside, lie took the ampuiit he was cuiitlcd (o, ami where ,liio olherdiedhiswifeeatneforwardatid claimed the gratuity. Honourable members would see. at onuo that the honourable member for North Brisbane lmd had his attention fixed upon ono point only, that of tho. retiring allowance, and lie seemed to think that this Act only applied totlmtone thing. By the 22ml section of tho .Civil. Service Aet it was provided . . "If tiny public servant without his own de fault uml in the' discharge of his public duty shall receive such severe bodily injury as to in capacitate hitu from the discliarge of his duties or if ho shall dio while in tho service tho Gov ernor in Council may grant to sueh publio scr- vaut or to his widow or.hU children a gratuity not exceeding two montlu pay at his theu rate of salary fur eaohear of service, provided that such gratuity shall uot exceed ono ' year's salary." Under tho Act to which tho honourable member . had referred — the Act to repeal tho Civil Servants Aet — all tho vested in-, tcrests of the Civil Servants were preserved, and one of them was thai if a mini bud contributed to the fund to tho day of his death, his widow and children would have n claim upon it. The honourable member lmd directed his attention to tho retiring allowance only. . " i Mr. Pbi.vo : You aro quite wrong. Mr. Beattib said there wcro a very largo number of persons employed by Gov- vcrnmont; who had, never been .under the Civil Servico Act, aud the 22ml clause ap plied inoro particularly to that class— and their widows were entitled to.. a gratuity. However, ho hoped, this voto was uot going to occupy the committee the whole .evening, lie was sure that no ouo could qecusq .hiiii of . making ' inroads upon tho Consoli dated Bcvenup of the colony, and the Minister for Works need not. havo got. so cncrgetie in. his opposition to this particular vole. If a Civil Service Act had been in force, it would havo.rondcrcd.it unnecessary .for hiui to bring this matter forward; and he must-say lie did not value tho reason that had been given for not bringing, forward such un Act, for it was tho snmo reason given last session. If seemed tlmt Government made it a standard excuse to say. that the House , was engaged ill; passing, some particular measure, per haps some frivolous business— and so were unablo to proceed with a Civil Service Bill. However, this .tyns a ease that lie 'might fairly bring before this committee, and he hopod there would bj.no more opposition to it-. > He considered ho had done no more that his' duty in bringing it before the House. . Mr. «T. Scott said that if the Minister for. Lauds was correct in what ho. had stated, the 22nd clause of tho Act referred to .the sums that the widows of officers were entitled to, without coming : to tlmt Houso 'atull. Thoy -had had a deduction of 2 per cent, iii their, salaries, and their widows wore entitled to a gratuity at their death. ; ; - . .The Attobnbv-Grnkbal said' that he was rather amused at the discussion. Tho Civil Service Act applied to uU Civil Ser vants. Every clause applied to them. The Civi\ Servants under it wore bound to contribute 2 per cent, to tho superannuation fund, and were entitled to retiring ullow- nucos, and ; tho widows of .those wlio died wero , entitled to n gratuity. The whole Aot applied to 'them ull.Thero wus lio special fund created by tho Act; it imposed upon tho Civil Servants n liability to pay 2 pur cent., gavo them a retiring allowance, and their widows aright to a gratuity. If iur. iuurray.wus a «mvu oorvaut wncn inc Act was passed,, lie was obliged to pay 2 per cent., and when ho died his widow was entitled to a gratuity. But tho Itcpeul Act provided for Civil Servants withdraw ing from tho Act,; and he (the Attorney - General) presumed that Mr. Murray must have withdrawn ; consequently he with drew from .both the liability aud tho privi leges of the Civil Servico Act.- Tho man m ould get a . largo sum of money, cash down, preferring to .lake out what ho Mas entitled to uudcrthc Kcueal Act thau leave it to chance as to what ho might get under the old. Act. ' That had very froquentlj' been done, and it ums done to this day. However, If Mr. Murray was under tho Civil Servico Act lie was entitled to what was asked without any vote of this House ; if not, the House could only grant .what it, pleased. . ; Mr. Macfahlank (Ipswich) would liko- to know if ; there .was any such right as had been described, how ivas it that those who paid had no more right than those who did not pay to the fumlP Ho hud in his mind a case where one Civil Servant puid to the fund und the other did uot. The ono who paid thought lie wus better than the other, and said the other was not a Civil Servant at all. Yet thoy were both old servants of the -Crown; and if the one who was paying was entitled to the saiuc rato of retiring allowauco as the one who Mas not paying, he (Mr. Mucfnrlane) did not sec why thero should bo any complaint of injustice on his part. The honourable member for Port Curtis had said that ho did not look upon tho elaim now bcforo the House as ono of right, but of charity. It might be that it was a caso of charity; but if being a Civil Servant did not entitle the widow of Mr. Murray to the consideration of the House, then every individual in tlio colony, if she was found to be respectable and deserving, uuscntitledtothesameconsldera- lion. Nodoubt thoy would find many ncccssi-, tuous M'idows wboin thev would like to dp something to relieve. Jle knew several in Ipswich lor whom h » should like to pro pose a gratuity of L'lOG, but, he did hot feel warranted in coming d.owii there and demanding it because those persons were in indigout circumstances. Before he became, a member of the House he was of opinion, that it wax not right to vote the public money iu this way, and lie should now think twice before doing so. lie was sorry to have to vote against the honourable member for Fortitude Valley, but he had n public duty to perform, and, on this occasion, must do so. Mr. Fuaskr said it was nothing new for tho House to have to discuss n question of this kind. Session after session the same tiling wus sure to crop up, and an opinion w'a.x freely expressed urging IheGovcrnment to take some steps to do away with the necessity of bringing such cases before the House, and which he considered, were very, objectionable. If he had not,b?cu cognisant of the promises that had been made iii (tint direction, he should have felt himself obliged to vote against tho 'honourable, xncuibor for Fortitude Valley, but he; should not do so now. For- however ob- jcctioiiablc the practice might be, lie thought .this woud be ,t?io wrong case to be .in with in tnking.a stand jinon till! ques tion of principle. This c-nsu.Jiud not ucen urged as n mntler of right iii nil. It had been argued by the honourable 1111-inber for. Port Curtis, as n matter of. charity, aud it wus on that ground that lie should support it,. Last session thoy voted a large sum to. an ollieer of the Government who lmd been receiving a high salary for years, .nnd for whom tficro w-as 110 excuse if hp had riot made ample provision for his family. When the House hail voted a lavishly largu sum toliis widow, he did not seo how tliuy couid refuse to provide this small sum for tho widow, of an ollieer who for. u great portion of tilt: tilav ho wasiu the servico had, only n small salary, not more than £100 n-year, whilo the geritlcman who .was, ap pointed his successor received £300. if tho otlico .doscrved 11 salary of £300, nnd Mr. Murray had performed the duties, then they could seo that an apparent injustice wus done to Mr. Mtlrrny during his life time; and oa this ground, not because lie recognised any right in the claim, he should support tho motion. lie would not enter upon any disputation ii)k>u Hio legal aspect or meaning of the Civil .Servico Aet. 13 ui, ho knew what the opinion of many of the Civil Servants was oil that point, viz. : that whoa they did not con tribute to tho superannuation fund, they did not entertain the opinion that they were entitled to any gratuity, lie thought there should he a Civil Service Act passed making it compulsory upon Civil Servants to lunke a provision of this kind, and so relievo the House from these annoyances session after session. It wns not ugreeubio to thu hon ourable member for fortitude Valley to have to make Ibis motion, and it was not agreeable to himself to have to give notiuc of a similar motion ; lie would prefer tlmt lie bad not to do it ; but tlieru were cases which appealed to their sympathies, and with a fair share of justice too ; nnd as this was 0110 of sueh, lie could not, for tho reason, lie had stated, do other than support it. Tho Colon 1 .ir. Tiikasuiiku saidouc reason given by tho honourable member , who had sat down in support of the motion was, tlmt tho successor of Mr. Murray received 11 much larger salary for performing the sumo duties. If correct, Unit would, 110 doubt. 00 a sumcicni reason lociiisailvoeatiiig tliu vote, ilut tho stutcmcut was not strietly correct. Mr. Murray received a salary, commoiisuinto with the duties lie hud to perform, mid his successor received ajnrgor salary for increased duties under tile -Navi gation Act oflSIti. Question for adjournment put and nega tived. , , . Original question put nnd passed. ' ' . OltATDITY TO AIRS. OLARKH. ; Mr. O'Sullivak, in moving the follow- '»S— Tlmt this llouso, will. at. its iieit siltinn- resolve itself into 11 Committee of tlio . Whole, to consider of un Adores to the Governor, praying tlmt itis Excellency will be pleiueil to cause to be. placed oil tlio Supplementary Esti mates the suiii of three hundred pounds (£300) as a gratuity to the widoiv of the lute Wurdeu Clurkc. said that ho had 110 recollection of over having put any motion of this hind 011 tho paper boforo, and lie wns somuwbnt troubled uml uneasy ubout tho fate of this motion, seeing thu humour the House wns in However, lie lmd great holies Unit the sym pathy of the House would mako up for uny deficiency on his part in bringing the matter forward, anil that, notwithstanding what had liuen said during the evening, justice would be dono in this ease. Mr. Clarke was 0110 of the old squatter of tlio colouy, and through the bungling of n.land commissioner lost n most valuublo part of bis run in the l'ort Curtis district. Tho caso was slated to Mr. llerbert, who was then Colonial Secretary, and that gentle man, judging on tho merits of the ease, gave Mr. Clarke an appointment, aud ho rotuinoil a position iu thu public service for a period of thirteen years, iu fact, for tho remainder of his life. During the whole of tliut period lie hail only six weeks leave of absence, notwithstanding that Civil Servants in Queensland were entitled to a month in every year. At that rate Mr. Clarke at the tune of his death would have been entitled to twelve months' leave, and £400 would be payablo to tho widow without Parliament being a farthing out of pocket, because, if ho hnd not stuck to his office, he. would bavo been entitled to Ins pay, and Government would have had to engage tho services of another when ho was on leave of absence. Mr. Clarke was last at tho Ethcridge, as warden and police magistrate, with a salary of about iMOO ; and to that was added some £50 for visit- ing elsewhere once a month — just enough to feed his horses for six months in the year. At that time, too, supplies at Ethc- ridgc were at fmnino prices, and though the Government might have borne tho expenses of his going there, ho was posi tive they did not pay tho expenses of his widow coming back after his acath. While in this unwholesome climate, he got ill nud applied for leave of absence. The Govern ment promptly telegraphed this leave of absence ; but, before the telegram reached Georgetown, Mr. Clarke had either died there, or was too weak to avail himself of tho privilege; Leave of absence having been granted, he (Mr. O'Sullivan) took it that his widow was clearly entitled to his pay during the period of such leave. In that cose, the widow would have been en titled to £500, instead of the £300 which he (Mr. O'Sullivan) now applied for. These were not welcome motions to bring before the .House ; but if they were to do an act of justice, they might fairly do so in favour of this widow. It was said .that cases of this kind would crop up crery ses sion, but the little trifles now put on the Estimates were scarcely worth quarrelling about. At any rate, us regurded this case, it would be impossible for any Minister to say that this would be an act of charity, as he had shown thnt the applicant was really entitled to what was asked. There was a great terror on the part of the Minister for Works in resj>cct to tho poor children of the colony, but he thought they were entitled to the same con sideration as immigrants were, whoreceivcd land orders. Why should not tho orphans, natives of the colony, have laud orders as well as strangers F This was a question that must arise before long. However, he did not think that anything ho could further say would strengthen the case before tlie IIou.se, and ho would, now move tho resolution standing in his naiiie. The Minister for Lands said he failed to see upou what grounds tho widow of Warden Clarke was entitled to the sum asked, or what distinction there could be between this case and that of any other person. There were the same mcuns for making provision open to Civil Servants as were open to the geueral public. It was no argument to say, as the honourable memberforBarlingDownslmdsaid, thuttlm was a caso iu which ordinary provident societies might not accept the man's life ; because the great body of taxpayers out side the Civil Service find to contend with tlie same difficulty, and it sceined extremely hard to ask those taxpayers to afford means to pay uionoy iiufavour of Civil Servants. But in this case the argument was entirely inapplicable, as the lute Warden Clurko haa, during the whole twelve years lie was in the service, a salary amply sullieient to enablo him to make provision, and it had not been 'shown that he had failed in any effort to secure himself by means of tlie- ordinary provident societies. The honourable member for Burke had stated that Mr. Clarke's salary, us warden of the Etboridgc, was £100 u-yeur, with £50 for allowances as police magistrate ; but the fact was, that his salary for the last two or threo years before his death was £415, with £100 as polico magistrate, and £100 for forage allowanco. lie had, therefore, ample means to make provision for those he had left behind him. But, more than that, when Mr. Clarke joined the service, the Civil Service Act of 1803 was in forco, and 'under its provisions he hod to contribute £2 percent, of his salary as premium, and was entitled in case of death to two months' pay for ovcry year's service. The Act ot 1801) continued the privileges of the former Act, but gave per sons tho option of continuing or retiring. Mr. Clarke elected to withdraw all the money be had contributed. It was ratlier hard, therefore, to expect tho country to pay both ways. The ordinary taxpayer in the first place found the means, the Civil Servant contributed to a fund, then elected to withdraw his monev, and at his death a claim was made on liis behulf for £300. Whatever might liavo been said in the last case, this one was clearly distinguish able from it, because, outside of any other objection, Mr. Clarke bad withdrawn him self from the provisions under the Act of 1863\. Ho submitted that in this case it would be extremely hard upon the tax payers to call upon them to pay the sum asked for. There were many widows out- side the Civil Service for whom no pro vision was mode, and those same widows were now to be asked U> contribute to this sum. He hoped bowwrable members would oppose the motion. Mr. MeTlwbaith said the Minister for rands, iu bisopeniug remarks, imiinUiued there was no distinction between tbj <uid auy otjber that had come be fore the House, and tyt jfye owJ be tried to draw a distinction b&t.w;&e;# J.l.y? the last case. Ho (Mr. Mcllwrnith) did not think there was any difference, nnu on that account should support the motion going into committee, whatever sum might then he agreed upon, Some of the arguments used by the Minister for Lands would not bear investigation at all. Ho said that because this gentleman had withdrawn from the provisions under the Act of 1863, and thereby given up the benefit accruing to him, if the gratuity were granted 10 the widow it would be paying over twice. The honourable member should re member that in that case Mr. Clarke was only drawing his own money so that there could be no question of paying over twice. The honourable gentleman also asked what difference there was between this widow and others. Ho would reply, simply that employers were supposed to look after tho iutcrests of their employes, and that in this case any ordinary employer would have granted a gratuity to the widow for the long and faithful services of her bus- band. In tlie abscnco of any other em ployers, she appealed to tho State. There was, no doubt, some strength in tlio argu ment that Civil Servants ought to insure their lives and provide for contingencies ; but the fact was staring them in tho face that they did not do so, and their widows must be provided for in some way. In the case of widows of Civil Servants, the State could only be appealed to. He would re serve to himself the right to vote for any amount in committee, but should support the motion going into committee. The Premier said the honourable mem ber had justified tho conclusion lie had arrived at on tho ground that Civil Ser vants did not insure their lives. Mr. McIlwraith : I did not say so. The Premier said he understood his argument to be, tlmt though it was very desirable that Civil Servants should insure their lives, us they did not, the State should step in. 'But if they went on giving gratuities, Civil Servants would not insure their lives. Whatever might Iiuve been said with regard to tho ease of Murray, this was a strong case on the other side. Here was a muu who was enjoying tho privileges conferred upon him by the Civil Service Act, knowingly and willingly re fusing to avaiL himself of the udvuntages after paying for four years. lie withdrew from all tho benefits ho might have participated in, preferring to take an immediate payment to the prospec tively payment to his widow in ease he died. If this money were voted it would be a gratuitous encouragement to Civil Servants to dispense with the advantages they still had under tho Civil Service Act. Ho would be glad to see Civil Servants compelled to contribute to a fund, and thought the provisions of the former Act might to be some extent re-enacted. It' was doubtful whether it was wise in repealing the old Act to allow the option of with drawal. Under the Police Act, policemen were obliged to contribute to a fund, and they participated in the benefits if they' left tlie service, and if they died their widows and children received a certain proportion us specified by the Act. If they were incapacitated, also, a provision was made for them. That would be a very good model for action in connection with tlie Civil Service Act. Ho deprecated tho passing of this motion, because it would be a plum encouragement to the improvident. Mr. Ivouv said ho should support the motion so fur as going into committee wns concerned, us he considered the honourable member hud made out an admirable vase. The gentleman hud actually got leare of absence, though ho was unable to take advantage of it, and bad he lived, no doubt he would have been allowed travelling ex penses. There were instances in which Civil Servants, not stationed so far distant, hnd had their expenses paid during leave of absence. Living in such an out-of-the-way place, tlie widow hud ulso been put to great expense iu returning to her fncuds. There was a fair claim, therefore, for at least the amount of salury which would have accrued duriug the leave of absence. Mr. Fraskr said tlmt between this caso and the one brought forward by tho hon ourable member for Fortitude Valley there was a very marked distinction, which was of sufficient weight to iuduce him to oppose the motion from going iuto committee. In the former cose the man had u compara tively small salury nnda large family to bring up, so that, no matter how willing, he was not in a position to afford to insure his life to any great extent, even if his life would have beeu accepted. llcro they hud the ease of a Civil Servant receiving a liberal salury, who had availed himself of the provisions of the Act to provide assis tance for himself iu old ago or for his widow in case of death, but who had posi tively thrown tlmt opportunity away. Ho was not compelled to take buck tbu money because he had a handsome salary at the time, and there was, therefore, no excuse. That circumstance had so much weight upon his (Mr. Eraser's) mind, that he could not see his way to support the motion. Mr.- Mai'Rossak said the Premier hud stated that if the money wero voted it would simply - be an encouragement to others to make similar, applications. Tho honourable gentleman forgot, apparently, the argument cut both ways, and that cncotyragrpient liud been given through his remissness attending to his duty. There could be no doubt that if ho, in tho posi tion lie had occupied so long, had intro duced a Civil Service Bill, compelling Civil Servants to contribute to a fund, there would ho no necessity for applications of this kind. So long as the honourable gentleman carried out his opinions iu the dilatory manner he hnd dono hitherto, so long would applications of this kind crop up. Thcro was no need for surprise at officers having taken advantage of tho Act of 1869, sceiog that the temptation was put directly in their way. They were templed to givo up contributing to the fund, and they fell iuto the trap laid for thorn by the Government of thnt day. There was a marked distinction in the two cases. Mr. Clarke had only had five or six weeks leave in a period of thirteen years, and he wns entitled to twelve months Icavo of abscnco, the pay lor which at the rato stated by the Minister for Lands would have amounted to over £600. Ho was actually under leave of absence at the time lie died, and tlio period, whether threo or six months, could probably liavo been ox- tended to twelve months, during which time lie would have received pay. The Minister fob Works: He could not. Mr. M across an said lie knew cases in which wardens had been in receipt of salary duriug leave of absence. The Minister fou Works: Hot for twelve montlis. Mr. Mackossan said they got it for three or six months at a time. Thcro were some in this town who had got leave of absence more than onco during a period of threo years. This gentleman was scut to a por tion of tlio colony which -was generally supposed to be unhealthy, officers stationed tliero having frequently had leave' of absence granted to them, on tho ground tlmt the climate was unhealthy and ex haustive. Tlio Government would bo doing no great wrong in agreoing to the motion going into committee. He should vote for its going into committee, with the proviso of tlie honourable member for Burke that ho should then be allowed to modify tho amount. Mr. Baieky said tlie principle laid down by honourable members who supported the motion was, that when a Civil Servant died tlie taxpayers of tho country were to fur nish a gratuity to his widow. Why should not the principle be extended so as to in clude every widow? A man who had worked hard for forty years, brought up a family, and paid his way, had done as much good to the colony as any Civil Servant, und had us good a claim upon the country. Why apply the principle in u partial manner ? Why not provido that tho widow of every man who had been a good citizen should ho furnished with a gratuity by the State ? To single out un officer who liud been for several years in the receipt of £500 a-year, was a very peculiar ease for charity, and to grant the request would certainly bo hard on tho working men of the colony, who, out of their wages of £2 or £3 a-weck, most of which wont towards tho revenue of the colony, made an honest endeavour to provido for their own wives and families in ease of death. Tho Minister fob Works said it wns hardly necessary for him to say that he should oppose this motion, und ho should do so on the grounds urged by the honour able member for Wide Bay, namely, that it would be a great hardship to tlio taxpayers who had to earn their livelihood by their own industry to contribute towards the support of the widows and children of Civil Servants. Whatever the result might be, this motion should not go without a divi sion, so that the country might know who were tho members wbo wero determined to thrust claims of this kind upon the tax payers. The Civil Service Act had been dragged into tlio discussion in order to show thnt the Government hnd not dono its duty towards Civil Servants. But here was an instance of a man who, when the amended Bill was brought in, availed him self of the opportunity of withdrawing his contributions from tho Civil Service fund ; and, having done tlmt, tlio coun try was now asked to mnko provision for his widow. A more monstrous proposition was scarcely ever put before the House, and it was only fair nnd right that the country should know who wero endeavouring to perj>etunto such a gross act of injustico on the taxpayers. Tlioy were told by the honourable member for Mnranoa that private employers inado pro vision for tho widows of their servants. He hoped the honourabio member would not think him presumptive if he asked him whether ho had over done so. Ho (tho M inister for Works) liud employed as umiiy persons us tho honourable member for Muruuon, and hnd never dono so. In deed he had never been asked. Mr. Macrohsan : Because they knew you would not do it. The Ministku fob Works said lio hnd always given his employes every facility to tuko cure of their earnings, so thnt tuey might be able to provide for a rainy da'. The principle involved in the motion was radically wrong, and if adopted, it could ouly have the effect of inducing other Civil Servants to leave the country to provide for their widows uud families. Mr. Walsh said it scorned most extra ordinary that this Miuister for Works — this great Joe Hume of tho Parliament who was a synonym for impostor — who, u uightor two ago, brought forward ft pnr position' involving an expenditure of £200,000 or £300,000 for a railway which ho could not say it single word in explanation or justification of, should now ' protest iu. his usual vain- glorious stylo against the allotment of £2>l) or £300 to the unfortunate widow of a well-known and deserving servant of the country, on the pica that it was his duty to the tux-payers to do so — attacking an unfortunate widow who pleaded through tho voice of one of tlio most honest members of tho House ior a paltry sum in recognition of the services of her deceased husband. Let the Govern ment reap their reward. . Let them claim all the glory that could pertain to such conduct. For his part, ho'would ten thou- sand times rather pay tho money out of his own pocket than occupy so despicable a position. The Minister for Works: If you will give a subscription, I will give double tho amount. Mr. Walsh: I ngreo with the honourable gentleman. This very evening I will do it, to show tlmt I am as koucsi in the mutter us he is. Tho Minister for Works : I will get up a subscription list. Mr. Walsh : Yes ; ho will go about among the paupers who support tho Gov ernment for their cightccnpeucos. I ask him to put down ft sum equal to double the money I do. But I am quite suro the honourable gentleman will not do anything of tho kind. ' Mr. Gbajiam said these challenges were simple foolishness, although if cheques were to bo writtcu out by tho two honour able gentlemen, in their present temper they would bj pretty largo ones. Still it was not a constitutional way of doing the business of tho country. He was nearly sick of hearing the Minister for Works called the Joe Htuno of the House, for thcro was a very wide distinction between the original Joe Huuie and his prototype. He never heard that the original Joe Hume took office or was seduced from one side to tlio other by the promise of office. Why did not the Minister for Works oppose the last motion ? If the principle was right in one caso it wns right in tho other. These cases would continually crop up and would \- be supported by honourabio members who were personally disinterested in either the' deceased husband or the living widow, unless the Government did what they ought to have dono long ago — bring in ft Civil Service Bill. Tliut was tho only remedy. Mr. Macfaklaxb (Itockhamptou) said the Minister for Works had threatened to lot the country know the names of the members who, by supporting this motion, threatened the finances of the colony; Well, he for one was not ashamed to have his name known as one who voted for tlie motion going into committee, reserving to himself the right of mentioning in com-' mittco tho sum to be granted, for he held the case to be a inost doserving one. Ho hoped that next session, whatever Ministry, held office, a Civil Service Bill would be introduced. Mr. MacDonalo said he thought the urgumcnts of the Minister for Works un answerable. Tho main argument in sup port of the motion, was that cases of this kind occurred because Government bod not brought in a Civil Service Bill; but he failed to see how a Civil Service Bill could bo mado retrospective. If this motion were passed, there were scores of widows whose husbands had died iu the Civil Ser vice which would be equally entitled to gratuities ; und honourable members who supported this would be consistent!' bound to support all other applications of the kind. Tho honourabio member for Ilock- hauipton had the reputation of being very generous, but in a caso of this kind it was misplaced generosity to puy away the funds of the colony. A better way of showing their generosity would be by a privutc sub scription. Ho should like to have seen the arrangemeut carried out between the Minis ter for Works and the houourable member for Warrego, as it would show whether the honourable member for Warrego was in earnest or not. If that were so, it was the first time he had ever given him credit for any such thing. It seemed to him little short of a public robbery to support a motion of this kind. Mr.' Bkok snid ho saw n consider able difference between this and most other eases that might bo brought beforo tho House. This gentleman died at' tho commencement' of leave of abscnco that had been granted to him, and the position assumed by the Government was, that they wished tho country to tuko advantage of that gentleman's death to tlio extent of his salary for three months. There could be 110 doubt that the widow of this gentleman was cntitlod to that three months' salary. What would be thought of a private employer who had given a three months' holiday on full pay to a workman who had been a long time in bis service, and who, tho workman dying im mediately on tho commencement oE his holiday, should say to the widow, "Now tlmt your husband is dead, I will not give you any of this money ?" Would not any employer with half a ghost of u conscience at oueo say tlint ho would pay the whole of the money for the three mouths' holiday? - So - far from being monstrous it was only right and just that this gentleman's widow should at loast 'get somothing. Ho was always under the impression tliat every Civil Servant was entitled to a month's leave for ovcry year of service, and i£ this oilicer never ob-- taiued' leave before, his widow would be . entitled to considerably more than was asked " for. However, that was a ques tion to bo considered iu committee. It was a mean position for tho Govern ment to placo themselves in, and any man of ordinary honour or generosity would ho iishnincu to take up a jiosition of refusing to pay the widow of his servant who died when on a three months' holiday, tlw pay to which lie would have been entitled if be lived, although the employer received no service in return. Mr. Perkins regretted that tho Minister for Works lmd tried to hisli himself into a fury over this matter, and if they did not know us much/is tlioy did about tho hon ourable gentle ui, they would be inclined to believe ovcry sVord ho uttered : but lie (Mr. # Perkins) was suro it was ouly a transitory feeling, and tho honourablo gen tleman did not mean all ho said. Ho could quito understand the Colonial Treasurer resisting all those claims, as tho guardian nf tllrt mtllllr lilllMit lml Iia rrnvn «'<iv trt tin honourable inouiber, not cvon tho Minister for Works, in the desire to bo economical ; and if that honourable gentleman would look at his own department, ho would see thousands of pounds proposed to bo voted away in a loose manner and without any specific object being stated, or any infor mation given. . He (Mr. Perkins) intended to voto for this motion, and ho did so on public grounds and in tho interests of tho public. The Government had repeatedly promised to introduce a Civil Service Bill which would compel Civil Servants to make provision for the future, uud why had they not done so ? They could not say they hud not been long enough iu ollice ; audaltnough they looked upou the measure asof secondary importance, it would, at any rate, prevent such piiinful scenes as these, and also pre vent honourablo members being subjected io constantly ' having cases of hardship brought before them. One. of tho first thiiigs lie heard on coming to the colony was, that this gold commissioner had died iu harness in a placo where a man wus almost exiled. It was a misfortune that Civil . Servants in- such out-of-the-way places had to endure such hardships, and they certainly deserved much more pay than . those iu mora civilised parts of the colony, bccauso their oxpenses were greater. This oilicer was a man of probity and in tegrity, whoso conduct for justice ami im partiality was never called in question and when leave of absence for three months was on the way to him, another messenger came aud hurried hini away. So long as the Government shirked their duty and did injustice to the Civil Sorvants, so long would ho bo prepared to vote for any rcasonablo amount to tho widow or orphans ofuuy gentleman who died in the public service. 1 ; Mr. KiDGKLL said, although in tho main ho was opposed to votes of this kind, in the present paso the more fact that leave of absence was granted, but unfortunately couTd not bo token advantage of to tho full extent, established a clear claim on the Government. It was not a matter of charity, but of common justice, autl he should support going into committee upon it although ho might support a reduction of the 'aiuouut in committee. . Tho Colonial, Tbeasurbb said tho sen timental considerations ho had Jisteiicd to might bo very well if they were dealing with their own funds, but m dealing with publie money they had a right to allow nothing but strict justice ; whut wore tho circumstances of the case ? This iuan hud provision inado for liiui iu the shape of un msurunco fund under tho Civil Servants Act; but he chose, for his own reusous, to withdraw his coniributious to thut fund, und noyr his representatives claimed from tho country the full amount' of his in surance policy .It was exactly the same as a man insuring his life in a private com pany receiving the surrender allowance on his policy, and on his death his representa tives claiming the full amount of the original policy. That was tho strict busi ness aspect of . tho case, and houourublo members had no right to allow their feelings to induce them to deal with the distribution of publie inouoy in any other than a strict business way. They were betraying the trust reposed in them by doing so; audit was particularly wrong at the present time. The House were approaching dissolution, and it was like trying to purchnso redemp tion by large gifts of mortmain. Instead of discharging their trust economically, they were allowing their feelings to get the better of their judgment, and lead them to make a grant ol public money which could not bo sustained on any grounds whatever oilier than sentimental considerutiousfor the pcoplo interested in the receipt of tho money. Ho hoped tho House would not evou give a tacit acquiescence to such a course by allowing the matter to go iuto committee.. It should be opposed at the outset, because, on further investigation, it would preseut no more favourable up- pearauco than at present. Mr. Walsii said lie wished to make a personal explanation. Thf Minister for Works said he would be prepared to put down £: 2 for every £1 he (Mr. Walsh) would towards the claim of this widow. He was now prepared to do that, so that the com- mittee .would he relieved from any further discussion on the subject. The Minister fob Works said ho hnd 'gr6iit pleasure in complying with tho re quest. Mr. Paimrr said he would liko to know for what reason the Government were ob structing the business of the country as they were doing to-night. They must know that there was a large majority against t hem, and it was simply obstructing for obstruction sake. This question was very different from tho last, which they allowed to go uith a run, after making a mock light against it. The Government ought to bo ashamed of themselves for the position they had taken up. Mr. O'Sullivan, in reply, said, taking the debate on the whole, he hod no reason to be dissatisfied with it. Tho matter had been fairly handled on both sides, and he agreed with tho remarks of tho honourable member for Port Curtis, -that the Govern ment were merely killing tiino by their opposition, for it would go into committee cvon if tho honourable gentleman at tho head of the Works department did give his cheque. Ho had retnurkodall through tho discussion thut tho muin points of the claim had never beeu touched by any Minister. The Treasurer spoko in a very loud tone, but the whole sum and substance of Iiis speech amounted to this— 'that Mr. Clarke some years, ago withdrew his con tribution to tho Civil Service fund, and, no matter what circumstances had arisen since, ho should get nothing. Tho honourablo gentleman reminded him of what Dr. Lang one© said in Sydney. When he was travelling in the lloly Land a man came up to him crying, "In tho niuno of tho prophot ; in the name of tho prophet ; in thu name of the prophet— figs." He commenced like a roaring lion and cudcd like a braying ass. At tho samo time, however, ho was not so mean or dirty as tho Minister for Works, about whom he (Mr. Sullivan) was sorry to have to alter his opinion. Ho insinuated that Mr. Clarko made improper use of his salary, and said thnt he ought to have belonged to the same order us the honourablo member for Logan. Ho also said ho drank ouly beor himself, and ho (Mr. O'Sullivan) thought he would not have gone so far as ho did if ho had not indulged iu too much beer. The honourable mombcr also said repeatedly thut it\vas monstrous; but there was nothing monstrous in it Perhaps he heard the word somewhere and did not know the moaning of it — or perhaps it wus merely the flowers of his rhetoric. A comparison hud been drawn botween tho houourublo member and Joe Hume, but «Joo llumo never took office or sold bis party. Tho Minister for Lands said this gentleman rccoived a high salary, but ho (Mr. O'Sullivan) was able to provo from documents in the Laud Office that during part of tho time Mr. (Jlarko was at.Gcorge- lown there was only a single bug of Hour in tho plnco, and the Government overseer telegraphed to his chief officer that lie could, not go to work because there was only a hag of flour there, and they expected no more for two mouths. £100 to a Civil Servant wus worth £500 up there, owing to the very high price of provisions and other necessaries. Complaints had been inude to liim that this lady had been scandal ously treated after the death oE her hus- baud, and it was also stated that her husband died from the want 'of tho neces saries 'of life and medical uid. Thoy must have experienced very great domestic economy to keep out of debt, and it was a wonder to him how they did so. After the death of her husband, ho (Mr.O'Sulli- vuu) applied for an escort to bring this lady down to her friends on the sea-coast, but none could be got for her, although uu attempt was made, and the result was, that all she could got wus u boy and a spring- cart Jo - go across the country where the blacks were oven now spearing tho horses of tho nntivo polico; and she had to bo taken sixty miles by a gentleman iu bis conveyance. Had the Minister for Works looked at that view of tho case? That honourablo member also said tbut Mr. Clarke was not a good' officer. ' The Minister fob Wouksj I did not; Igavo the statement a point-blank denial. Mr. O'Sulliaan said he would not argue tho mutter with tho honourable member ; but ho would make this open assertion: that Mr. Clurke wg.s a good and faithful servant, aud ho' could say so because he was a personal witness of his labours when ho was sent up to assist thu present Speaker, who was then gold commissioner lit Gyrnpic, and tho work had got too heavy for hiin to do alone. That was at the most critical time in Gympie, 'when men were coming iu thousands from all the colonics, and Mr. Clarke's assistance was very olTee- tivo. He »was a man who had a broad spirit of fair play, and that above all things gained with the diggers. Even if a dispute were decided against thorn, so long as they saw it was fair thoy wore satis fied. Mr. Clarke's fairness and candour gained with them; heltnd.no favourites, nud, consequently, decided all cases on their merits, und, by that means, he satis fied all parties. The honourable the Speaker could hour out his statements us to tho excellont scrvjco then rendered by Mr. Clarke. However, looking nt the debate on tho whole, he was sure this lady, who hud entrusted her case in his bunds, would be satisfied with the discussion that hnd taken place. Mr.MACPABLAXEflpswich) said he would like to ask honourable members who had taken up tho position of supporting this claim if they would be prepared to « import all similar claims in the future? lie did not see how they could refuse others if they granted tins, and it would place honourable members in a false position, and establish a precedent for similar claims. Question put. Tho House divided. Ayes, 12. Messrs. Palmer, Oruham, Mucromn, Groom, Hclhvraith, Macfarlunc (Itockliauipton), Beor. O'Sullmm, Perkins, Kidgell, J. Scott, and Ivory. Noes, 12. Messrs. Douglas, Dickson, Garrick, Griffith, Macfarta'ic (Ipswich), Hocking, MacDonald. Froser, Pettigrcw, Bailey, McLean, and Mile. The Si'eakeb suid, that in accordance with the usual practice, he should give his casting vote so that the question might be further considered by the House, He . should give his casting vote with the Ayes, and the question was therefore resolrcd in tlie affirmative. WARWICK FARM ROADS. On the motion of Mr. Gbaiiav the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole to consider an Address to the Governor relative to roads through the farmiug districts in the Warwick el ec- irate. Mr. Graham said the motion he was about to move was originally put on the paper by tho honourable member for War wick, who, in eonsequcuee of his unfor tunate accident, had requested him to look after it. He was sorry that lie had not the same local knowledge that the honourable member had, and that he could not put the case as strongly as he would, no doubt, have been able to do ; but from what know- ledge ho had, he wus certain that the mono' was badly required for the repair of reads about Warwick. Honourable members would remember that be bod carried a similar motion for his own electorate. This motion had been put on the paper previously to his, but had been deferred through the honourable member giving war to tbe Gov ernment, which action entitled him to their support. Ho hoped the motion would be passed as hebclieved theraouey wasrequired equally as the rote passed for his own dis trict. Ho would move— That un Address be presented to tbe Gov ernor, praying that Ji is Excellency will be pleased to cause to be placed on the next Sup plementary Estimates the sum of £3,000 fur the purjwse of rtqwiring roods through the farming districts in tho Warwick electorate, / The ColonialTbeasubkii raid that when this motion was before the House pre viously lid intimated his intention of mov ing that it should be reduced by £2,000. Tho honourable member who originally, placed it on the paper was present when the debate took place and heard him indicate tho line of aetiou which he would now take. He would state that he mored the reduc tion owing to tho 6tute of the finances, and he hoped that tlie amendment would be carried. He begged to more that the amount asked for should be reduced bv £2,000. Mr. Walsh trusted tbe committee would not listen to any such amendment. The Warwick district, owing to the peculiar position its representative occupied in the House, was one of the most neglected in' the colony. He had pointed out before that while there were 1U-3 roadBand bridges set down for East and Went More ton, there was hardly one apportioned to the Warwick district. And taking advantage of the obsoleteness, if he might so term it, of the Chairman of Committees in tlie House — a gentleman competent and desirous to re present his constituents faithfully, hut not able to do so fully owing to his position, and not able to he preseut now owing to the unfortunate accident which they all deplored— the Government came down with their paltry aineudment to knock off £2,000 from tho meagre request of the honourable member. It was mean ; it was miserable. They had a Government, who, lifter providing for 105 roads and bridges in East and West Moretou.so far forgot their dutythat they tried to rcducea motion for £3,000 for the repair of the farm roads in tho Warwick district— one of tlie most im portant cereal districts iu the colony. It was not the first insult, however, which they had offered to tho Warwick electorate. Tlie rail way had been carried out in such a way as to be intended as an everlasting injury io tho town of Warwick, und having injured it for all time by limiting a railway round tho town, they now proposed to uoaway with almost the whole amount which the honourablo member, who knew the district thoroughly, asked should be spent upon the farmers' roads. He was perfectly sure that the £3,000 were required, and that the committee had sufficient sense to reject tlie amendment. Mr. Bailby said it was very plain that the Government would hare to frame large Supplementary estimates. He would wish the Premier to look a little nearer hi district, and consider Wide Bay us entitled for an amount to be placed upon those estimates. The House had already refused to allow the main roads in thut district to be put in order; thut was done by a coalition of the Opposition with the Gov- ernment ; but if the Government were to frame Supplementary Estimates he hoped they would take into consideration that while there was provision for twenty- five bridges in East and West Moreton they had only provided for two in Wide Bay, where there were upwards of 200 miles of river besides innumerable creeks. He trusted that more equal provision would be made for Wide Bay in the Supplemen tary district, and that it would not be ho disgracefully neglected as it appeared in the Estimatcs-in-Chief, Tlie Attoeset-Genebal said it would be iust as well that the committee should understand how these motions got on the paper. The honourable member for Ken nedy set the ball rolling, leading off with a motion for £3,000, or, rather, the honour able member for Cook moved the first motion, but it was negatived. The hon ourable member for Kennedy's motion was carried, however, and through- the bad example whicb he had set. the whole scries followed. The honourable member for Warwick admittedly had tabled the motion before the committee, because of the ex- ample of the honourable member for Ken nedy. He hoped the committee would remember exactly what these motions meant, and wby they were put on tho paper. It was all very well to talk about the necessity for them, but they all knew that if it hod not been for the action of tho honourable member for Kennedy they would not liave been tabled, anu these urgent wants would not have been heard of. Mr. ALicbosaa jv was sorry to contradict the honourable gentleman, but ho had mode two mis-statement. He had stated that he (Mr. Afacroan) hail led off with tho ball. It was one of hi own snpporters— the honourable member for Cook — who led off with a motion for £20,000, and on the day that it was rejected he put his motion on tlie paper, which was not for £3,000, but £2,OUO. He in tut remind the Attorney-General of what lie said in rela tion to the rejection of the motion of tho honourable member for Cook. The hon ourable gentleman said that if it had been , for a sum of money to make the roads from the reefs to tfie machines he could have understood it, and it would probably have liad his support. That was tlie object of the vote which he (Mr. Afocrossan) proposed, bat he did not get the honour able gentleman's support- Mr. Groom said the Attorney-General, not intentionally -perhaps, he thought, had tried to mislead the House as to what had already been voted. lie had calculated it, and lie trassure thatit would not break the back of tlie Colonial Treasurer. Includ ing even the amount now before the House, the votes asked by private members for road since the honourable member for Kennedy had tabled his motion, only amouuted to £13,000. If honourable mem bers would look at what had been voted, rejected, and withdrawn, they would see tliat the amount granted only came to £13, OW. It was perfectly true that there was a large amount of money represented by tlie motions on the paper, but it had not been acceded to yet. Tlie amount voted did not come to anything like the half of what tbe bridge across the Fitzroy would exceed the estimate voted by the House. There was, therefore, no need for the honourable gentleman to complain about the motions of private members who knew what their constituents required better than the public officers. With reference to tlie motion before the com mittee, supposing it was passed and added with the motion asked for by the honour able member for Darling Downs recently, to the amount already on the Estimates for the Darling Downs district, tho amount would only be £iy,0>J0, which was what the district was entitled to according to the statement of the honourable member for Wide Bay the other evening. They must not conceal from themselves that the War wick electorate embraced a municipality receiving an endowment; hut it also em braced a large portion of what was the farming district of Warwick, both 'to the north and south of the municipality. The roads through these portions wero black-soil roads, and to his own knowledge £3,000 would not ba sufficient to do tuo repairs actually required by tbem. If honourable members looked at the Esti mates they would sec that the amount down for the Warwick roads was not par ticularly large, and he thought it would bo conceded that the honourable member for Warwick was not in tho habit of making frequent requests for his constituents, anu that when he asked for £3.000 it was not gracious of the Government to oppose it. He (Mr. Groom) was sure the money would be well spent if entrusted to tho gentleman who was in charge of the roods for tho district. Air. ALtcaossAX said they hod repeatedly, during the last two months, heard the Opposition members taxed with robbing the Treasury, and the Government had continually blamed the Opposition for not agisting tlie Colonial Treasurer in defend ing the Treasury. What wero the facts, o far as rotes tliat had been passed or had come before tlie House? £01,000 had been asked to lie placed on the Supple mentary Estimates this session, out of which the Government had allowed £13,eoO to go without calling a division. Only £ 7, (mO of that £01,0G) had beea carried by the Opposition, which wus but half the dmouut the Government hud permitted to fb by,dcfuult ;£17,000 hud been refused y the House ' through the Opposition assisting tho Government, and £24,000 bud been withdrawn through the action of the Opposition. These were the fuels, and yet night after night it wus charged to the Opposition that they did not assist t!ic Government, whereas the facts were, that the Government themselves hud per milted the Treasury to be pluudereu of quite us much us the Opposittou hud got; and the remaining votes which hud been refused had been owing to the notion of the Opposition assisting tho Government. When the Attorney-General or Colouiul Treasurer next thought of umkiiig u similar charge agaiust the Opposition, he hoped ther would bear these facts in mind, and admit that the Opposition hud done their duty. The ATTonNKv-GKNEB.it, said it was not necessary for the honourable member to get unduly warm over the matter, iie had stated that the first of these motions was inado by an honourable member on the Government side of the House— first of all lie said on. the opposite side, but lie' hud corrected himself immediately— nud hud been unsuccessful. The next wus brought forward by the honourable member for Kenuedy, and wus successful, and he still adhered to his statement that that motion set the others going. Another mis take that he wus alleged to have made wus, that the honourable member's motion was for £.1,000, instead of £2,000. That was a very important error, lie was however, speaking of the principle. As to tho honourable number's assertion that the Opposition had defended the Treasury, it was not worth while unsworing it seriously. The public Press hud commented upon their conduct. Honourable members knew very well that it was a fact that every motion mado by a member of the House sitting opposite had been supported by the Oppo sition us u body. Mr. I'almek : It is not true. The Attounky-Geneeal hoped the hon ourable member would allow huh to finish. Every such motion, with the exception of one that afternoon, had been so supported, und uiost of the motions made by members sitting on the Government side . of tho House had been opposed by them. Possi bly that was how so much Jiad been nega tived by tlib assistance of the 'Opposition. When the motion now before the com mittee was last before honourable members, the honourable member for Kennedy said it ought to be negatived because the honourable member for "Warwick sat oh' tho' Government side of tho House. However, ou that account lie voted for it. lie did not see that there was any necessity for getting warm or creating any hubbub about the matter. All he said, wus, that this was one of a series of motions which originated from the honourable member for Kennedy, through his saying that it would, bo better to have roaus from the mines to the crushing-machines. The hon ourable member had said it wus only £13,000 that bad been voted, but tbc sum would have been nearer to £30,000 accord ing to the honourable member for the Kennedy. , Mr. Maciiossan said it seemed that tho Attornoy-Geueral could uot got up without making misstatements ; it' wus part of his nature, and probably part of his legal training. He stuted that he (Mr. Mnc- rossac) said that the motion of the honourable member for Warwick should bo refused because he sut on the other side of t the House. What ho said wus, that it should be refused because tho honourable member for Wurwiek not only refused, but consistently op|>oscd every vote from his (the Opposition) side of the House. But it „ was no use talking; the honourable Attor ney-General could not lie convinced. Mr. McIlwkaitu suid that Jlansartl and the Votes und Proceedings spoke for themselves, and showed thut the ball was set rolling in the first place by the hon ourable member for Toowoomba — the first motion for u vote on tbo Supplemen tary Estimates being a sum us com- jwnsution to Mr. Stuthum Lowe, which was allowed to go by the Government. Next came forward Mr. Kidgell, tho hon ourable member for Gympie, another member sitting on the Government sido of tbc House, to ask for u grant of £1,000 for mining purposes. Thou tho next mem ber of tho House that asked for money to be placed on tho Supplementary Estimates was Mr. Murphy, also a member sitting on the Government side of the House. So that tho first three motions, for money were made from tho Government side. Then came the honourable member for Kennedy aud Mr. Walsh. Then fol lowed two members ou tbc Government sido, then one member on the Opposition side, then three more members from the Government side ; und then when the game was seen to be going on, the Opposition came forward to save themselves. The accusation of the Attorney-General had been answered over and over aguiu, and still the Opposition wus being blamed for voting in a body, and carrying, with the assistance of that side of the House, largo votes for money. £02,000 wus usked for by different members up to the present time. Out of thut amount Government allowed to go by default and without divi sion) because it was for their own fol- lowers, £13,050. Then came the small item of £7,000 for roads ; then compensation to Mr. Stathaui Low, £30J ; bonus for gold discovery, . j£l,000 ; court-house, Cun- uumullu, £000, moved for by Mr. Walsh; court-house, Norang, £250, oil the motion of Mr. McLean; court-house, at Turooui, £000, on the motion of Mr. J. Scott ; Halby Hospital, £1,000, on the . mo tion of Mr. 13ell; Gladstone water-sup ply, £5,01.0, on the motion of Mr. Palmer ; court house, Clermont, £1,000, on the motion of Mr. Sleveuson ; for roads iu the Warwick district, £3,000, ou tho motion of Mr. Morgan ; und also for roads, £500, on tile motion of Mr. Scott; making alto gether £13,050. Now came what the Op position carried against the Government. Ou the motion of Mr. Mncrossun for the Clmrter.4 Towers roads, £2,000; on tho motion of Mr. Graliuin for tho Hur- ling Downs roads, £3, (XX) ; and on the motion of Mr. Ivory for the Burnett roads, £2, (XX). Then came tho votes by which the Opposition ought to have earned the thanks and sympathy of the Government iustead of their constant denunciations, because they were votes re fused by the Opposition, aud to that extent assisting the Government, viz. : — £l5,ii(X> for the Cooklown roads, moved by Mr. Murphy; and £2,000 for Maryborough roads, moved by Mr. Bailey ; or a total of £17,U00— more than double what the Op position had carried for themselves. Then there were withdrawn, by the action of tho Opposition, a vote of £0,000 for the Port Douglas roads, moved by Mr. Murphy ; and another of £15,000 for the Logan Bridge, moved by Mr. McLean; the two sums making £24,000. The two lust items made £41, (M). That the Opposition had saved to the Treasury, whilst they hud carried £7,000 against the Government. They had allowed £13,050 out of the £01,050 to go by default, because the Government, had not even the courage to defend them. These were fuels thnt sj>oko for themselves, aud were a complete answer for; every cbargo that hud been brought against tho Opposition. This showed what tho Opposition could have done. They could have done as they liked with the money all through tho session; and it was much to their credit that they allowed it to ho distributed as it was. Had it not been for the Opposition tho Treasurer would have a much more rueful countenance than he seemed to have at the present time. The Attorney-General said that a more complete refutation could not be given to the arguments of the honourable member for Kennedy tluiu tho statement of the honourable member who hud lust s>okeii. It wus urged that £13,000 had been agreed to by the Gorcrnuicnt; but how much of that was for road votes? All he (the At- , torucy-Gcucral) had said was that there wus a series of scrambling for road votes, and it wus all very well for the honourable member to try to turn, the question off on something else. The only item the honour able geutleiuan could say the Government had consented to was that now before Llio House. Mr. McIlwkaitu said this was the first he heard about confiniug it to road votes. The accusation brought against the Oppo sition was, thnt they had assisted in curry ing money votes against the Government, and what the Attorney-General said was only a means of gettiug out of tho difii- euity, by confining the matter to road votes, lie suid again that the Opposition bnd saved the Government against their own sup porters. Mr. Bailky said he should like to ask the leader of the Opposition whether he had assisted any member on tho Govern ment side of the House to get a single six pence spent for roads or anything else? llud he given them any assistance what ever to get their claims recognised? Hud lio not, on tho contrary, assisted every member on his own side of the House, whether his claim was good or bud? As to road votes, ho could not, as a country member, refuse to vote for them; ana, therefore, the Opposition, who kuew this perfectly well, had the benefit of the sup port of members like himself. Bat wheu a vote wuh usked for tho Govcrnmeut side of the House, where wus the Opposition thou ? It was then they assisted the Gov ernment to reject it. When any member of the Government wanted assistance, there was no fear of any log-rolliug then. They were all virtuous then. Yet, with the exception of £250 proponed by Mr. McLean for the court-house utNernng, the whole of this £13,000 was proposed from the other side of the House. This was not u fair way of deuling. If there was no .standard us to road votes, fair play should be dealt out to both parties und to each district. Ho could not oppose the vote for the Warwick electorate, believing that the sum placed on the Estimates should be £-1,000 or £5,000 more than it was ; und he claimed something for the roads iu his district. He admitted that some districts were put down in excess, and ho was willing to decrease them ; but knew it would be useless for bim to appeal to the Opposi tion to ask them . to deal out justice to the 4Wido Hay and Hurnett district. They liked to have all the justice on thuir own side. They had had it so fur; but whether they would get it to tho end of the chapter remained to be seen. Mr. McIlwuaitji said the honourable member did not seem to know what they were discussing, if .he suid that he did. not. support any of. the propositions coming from Ike other side.., Dm ho not support this vote for £3, 000, and that for tlieeourt- houso at Nerang Creek? If the honour able member would look at the facts, ho would find that the Opposition had only opposed two road votes that came from the other sido — one moved by Ml. Murphy, and the other by Mr. Bailey himself for the Wide Hay roads. Mr. Maciiossan said he did not think the honourable member for Wide Bay could claim to have assisted the Opposition in getting road votes. lie recollected the time when the honourable member for Burnett brought down a motion for £2,000 for roads in his district, and what did the patriotic member for Wide Hay do then? Out of spite, aud simply because his own vote kna been refused by the House, ho tried to sneak iu uu amendment upon the motion of the honourable member for Burnett, so as to got the money he askecl for appropriated to his own district; and when it cutnc to a division he actually voted against this £2,000 for country roads. Yet he had the audacity to declare that he, in his patriotism, could not voto against country roads, though he hud actually voted against such roads in his own dis trict, for lie considered that the Burnett should be as much represented by him as Wide Bay. Instead of which ho tried to deprive the Burnett people of a road in their district, because lie could not get a road for his own district of Wide Bay nut on the Supplementary Estimates. The honourable member for Burnett, on the other hand, supported the honourable member for Wide Hay; und if he had been present, lie should havegivon his vote with him, even if lie knew that the honour able member had opposed tho honourable member for Burnett. Mr. Walsh thought tho honourable member was rather linrd upon the honour able member for Wide Buy, who could hardly walk down Queen street or into a public olliee without the knowledge that every move ho mado would bd tele graphed to his constituents. Ho be lieved lie and the Premier were in col lusion, and combined together in writing misleading articles for Government orguns. But this did not justify the Attorney- General in trying to mislead thorn from the question ut ibsuc. If ho lmd the slightest muouiitof modesty, lie would havo left the matter to bo answered by tho Minister of the department, who, ho hoped, would yet vindicate himself.' Mr. ' Bailey, in explanation, suid that when the honourable member for Burnett moved his resolution, he moved an amend ment, so that the money could be expended in Burnett and Wide Bay, which were one district. That was not curried, and in that way, of course, he had opposed tho motion of the honourable member for Burnett, but not in tho way that thu honourable member for Kennedy wished to make out. Mr. Guaham said ho could not accept the amendment suggested by the Colonial Treasurer. Ho had usked for a very moderate sum, and would leave the matter for the decision of the committee. Question — Thut the vote be reduced by £2,i XXI — put. The committee divided. Ayes, 10. Messrs. Gavrick, Uockiugs, Douglas, McLean, Dickson, Mucfarlano (Ipswich), Mites, Mae- donalil, Grillith, and Bring. Noes, 13. Messrs. Mcllnraith, AVulsh, Ivory, J. Scott, Maefarliino (Rocklmnipton), O'Sullivun, Mue- rossun, Perkins, Gruhum, Groom/Bailey, uuil Beor. Question therefore resolvod in tho nega tive. Original question put and passed. On the motion of Mr. Graham, the Chairman reported tho resolution of tho committee to the House, and tho further consideration of tho report was made an Order of the Da for this day week. COMPENSATION TO MR. LOWE. On the motion of Mr. Guoom, the report of tho committee recommending thu follow ing resolution was adopted . That an Address be presented to tbo Governor praying that Ills Excellency will be pleased to .cause to bo placed oil tho Supplementary Esti mates of 1878, the sum of £300 as compensa tion to Mr. Stnthmn Lovro for loss of olltco as traffic manager of the Southern and Western Railway. VOLUNTEER BILL. On the motion of Mr. Palmes, the House went into committee to consider the Legislative Council's amendments to the Volunteer Bill. Mr. Palmeu said the Legislative Council had seen fit to make u good many amend ments, but none of them appeared to be of very great importance. He considered tbo Bill was better on the whole when it left the House, but he had never expected to carry tho measure in its entirety. As tho amendments which had been made would not materially interfere with tlio working of the Bill, and, uuder any circumstances, it was better than the one they at present suifered under, ho would move that the amendments be agreed .to. The Pukmiku suid tho amendments on tho whole might be accepted, aud he under stood tho honourable member for Port Curtis was willing to accept thciu. Some of the more important had been moved . by tho. representative . of the Government in the otner Chamber, and would make the Bill.it was thought, moA? in .accordance with what was at present considered desir- abto. Prom one point of view the .amend ments might , bo looked upon as rendering the Bill less cillcicut, but it wus, at least a great .improvement on tbo existing law. In thnt sense it was u step in advance towards tho reorganisation of the Volunteer system. Tho Attorney-General said ho only rose to ask the honourable member iu charge of the Bill if lie had noticed that tho rather renmrknblo expression " if the United Kingdom shall not then he at war witli any foreign power" occurred. Tho expression should be " Her Majesty," and not the " United Kingdom," as the power of declaring war was in tho Crown. Mr. Palmeu said that was not a mailer of much consequence, and he supposed it was put in by the representative of the Government in the Upper House. He hud noticed that if tho Attorney-General drew up a Bill, the Postmaster-General was sure to nmond the wording, and Jf the Post master-General sent down a Bill, the Attorney- General did not like the wording. If "United Kingdom" was not the legal term, according to the Attorney-General's legal mind, they all understood what it meant, and ho (Mr. Palmer) proposed to accept the Bill as it was. If they were going to keep on sending the Bill back, it would not be passed during the session. He was glad to take it with tho amend ments, one of tho most important of which seemed to be the alteration of the term of service from three jears to one year; but as a proviso bad been introduced that three mouths' notieo should bo given, <one balanced the other. < With the amendments which hud been made, it was still fur supe rior to the Act ut present in force. The Attorney-General said the hon ourable member was somewhat ungrateful. Ho (the Attorney-General) had not pro posed any amendment, nor criticised thu measure, but only pointed out an expres sion which he thought was unconstitutional. He did not know whether it was inserted by tho representative of tho Government, and sinco tho first month ho was in the House, he had never moved a merely verbal nmenduient. Tho suggestion was mado in good spirit, and should havo been accepted in the same way. Criticism was quite un called for, as ho was at perfect liberty to point out what he considered u violation of usage. Mr. "Walbix said he was glad to see tho Attorney-General apply himself to the busi ness of the session, and he considered he was perfectly justified in tho course ho liud taken. It was the first time ho had seen the honourable member come forward to do something for tho good of the country;' Hitherto no had appeared to work for tlio good of hitusolf. lie was sorry, therefore, to see the honourable gentleman snuffed out by tho Premier aud the honourable mem ber for Port Curtis. He hoped tlio Attor- ney-Genoral would rise to tbo occasion, instead of sinking as he generally did, and insist on the rectification. ' Mr. Bkou said the Attorney- General might be relieved by the consideration that, though Her Majesty declared - war, tho United Kingdom would bo at tfar with tho Power she declared war against. 'In these shockingly revolutionary times tho preroga tive might be taken out of the hands of some future gracious Sovereign. They had therefore provided against having "to1 re- enact the Bill in case of a contingency of that sort. The Minister for "Works pointed out to tho honourable member for Port Curtis that the provision for u medical examiua tion of recruits had been left out. Ho looked upon thut clause as the most impor tant inthe Bill, and was surprised that tho honourable member had not noticed it. Ho had been told that in some corps tho meu were very defective, und tliutstriplets became volunteers and were unable to stand tho fatigue. A large number he lmd heard had been compelled to fall out at Sandgate. He wus sorry the clause lmd been eliminated from tlio Bill. Mr. Ivory said he would compliment tho Minister for Works iu ugoin being out. of- accord with liis collcugucs. The Govern ment were in another predicament with this BUI. It had been brought forward under their auspices and promises of support, and altered in tho Upper House through the intervention of the Postmaster-General. Tho Attorney 'General did not inako any amendments in it, but the Minister for Works, in his high-fulutiu' style, got upon tip-toes and finished by declaiming against tho work of his colleagues. Mr. Palmer suid thut when the Bill was first drafted tho term of service proposed was five years, and if that had been carried the clause would have been of great impor tance ; but as the Uppor House hau re duced the term to one year its importance had ceased. Tho Minister for Works wished to say, in reply to thu honourable mombcr for Burnett that ho did not object to tho Bill ; ho was only remarkiug on a particular clause of tho Bill that had becu objected to, and which might have escaped tho notice of the honourable member for Port Curtis. . Question put and passed, Tho Chairman reported to tho House that the committee hud agreed lo tho amend- meats of tho Legislative Council.. 'Die report was adopted and tho Bill ordered lo. bo returned to tho Legislative Council with racssago iu the usual form. ROADS AROUND OHAIITE HS TOWERS. Tho resolution of the. committee, passed 011 Uio 2utli ultimo, on the uioliou regard ing roads around Charters Towors, was adopted on tho motion of Mr. Macros- san. COURT HOUSE NERANG CREEK. Tho resolution of tho committee, passed on the 25th ultimo, with respect to tho crOetion of a court-house at Nerahg.Crcek, was adopted on the motion of Mr. McLean. DISTRICT COURTS ACT AMENDMENT HTf.T.— ltESIIMl>TIOM Ol? fifi \1 M I 'PTE K. Tho Hpuso went into Committee of tho Whole to rcsumo consideration of this Dill. Tho Attorney-General said that when this Bill was last beforo the committee, ho was requested to tnlco it up for tho purpose of making provision with respect to Dis trict Courts. Ho hud consented to do so, and Hud introduced certain amendments into tho Bill, which, for convenience sake, had bccu repriutcd in its amended form. The lirst clauso provided that tho appoint- liionl of times for holdiug courts should He subject to the approval of the Attorney- General. By the second clause, it was pro vided that juries should only bo summoned in cases above £20, the expense of juries in cases under that sum being considered too burdensome. With respect to tlio arbitra tion clause, he proposed lo leavo it out entirely. Tlio third clauso hud reference to tho issuing of subpumus, tho honourable member for Drisbauo having in his draft Bill overlooked the insertion of the neces sary sanction. Tho fourth clause allowed . judgment to go by default in undefended cases, and was substantially tho same as tho one previously proposed. The fifth clause was suggested jto him lust week by a trict Court, and he considered it, perhaps, the greatest improvement embodied in tlio measure. It provided that, iu tho event of a defendant making u default iu filing a plea or nolieo of defence, tho plaintiff might upply to tho judge in chitmbcrs for judgment ugainst tho defendant, and that judgment should be given, provided that tho plaiut should disclose sufficient cause of action. Tho sixth clauso was merely a corollary to that, providing that n District Court judgo may sit in chambers at any time and at any place, whether such place is tho place ut wliicli the District Court is appointed to bo held or not. Ho would moyo that clauso 2 of tho Bill bo adopted for tho purpose of negativing it, and inserting tho amended clause. Mr. Walsh said that by those amend ments of tlio Attorney-General, tho Bill of tho honourublo member for Brisbune hud been "knocked into a cocked-hut," louse a common expression. Ho did not know what tho intentions of the honourable member for Brisbune were with regard to this matter ; but ho (Mr. Walsh) would bo no party to these innovations of the Attor ney-General. He wished .specially lo call attention to the jesuiiicnl clause, No. 0, which would have tho effect of scttiug aside tho existing Act of Parliament, which required that judges should live iu their districts. Ho trusted the honourublo mem ber for Brisbane would not bo led aside from his duty in insisting thut tho prin ciples of a well-discussed and thoroughly- digested Act of Purliuincut should not bo violated in the manner now so— bo did not Hesitate to say — jesuitieally proposed. Tho Altornoy- Goncral, from his greed to keep everything within his own grasp in Brisbane, would gladly do nway with all those District Courts, and, indeed, with every court which did not require his up- poaranco while the eases were going on. The amendment now proposed, struck ut tho root of tlio present Act, and he would ruthcr see the District Court Act done away with entirely than to enable the Attorney- General to translate the wliolo of the busi ness of tbe Nortbcrn Court, down to Bris bane, which was apparently his inteution. Tho'sixlh new clauso rend "Tho judgo of any district court may sit in chambers ut any time and at any placo, whether euch placo is tho placo at which t ho district courtis appointed to bo held or not.1' Could there be any more sinister object than that? By the District Courts' Act, judges of thoso courts could only act in tlioir own districts ; but now tho Attorney- General introduced a clauso to enablo him to summou, not only the judges, but tho whole jurisdiction, to Brisbane to carry on tho work there. Ho should not allow such a thing, and if ho could get two or tbreo Northern members to support hint, lie would not allow that amendment to pass. Tho Attorney-General said the hon ourable member hud evidently mixed this up with some other Act. His observations hud nothing whatever to do with the matter now before tho committee. The amendments introduced had nothing to do with u judgo leaving his district. There was no alteration proposed in the present law relating to that, and ho could not understand what tho Honourable member was talking about. Mr. "NValsii said, ho wus referring to the Attorney-General's own amendment, which lie asserted hud a most sinister object, and ho know what it was. The District Courts Act was originally passed with tlio distinct object of dealing with purely local cases as they arose, uiul tho judges were compelled to live iu their districts for that purpose ; but now tho' Attorney-General proposed to enable tho judges to . leave their districts and come down and resido iu Brisbane, with what object thoy all knew. Mr. Palmer said he did not: think tho honourable uienibcr for Wnrrcgo under stood that these amendments were amend ments ou the existing Bill. Tho Bill us introduced by the honourable member for Brisbane proposed to rcpuul the 11th and also tho 101st sections of the District Courts Act, which compelled the judges to reside iu their districts ; but the committee had distinctly refused, when the Bill was last beforo tho House, to allow thut part of tlio Act to remain unaltered. The lirst amend ment of the Attorney-General — " Every appointment by a judgo of a District Court of tho iitno for holding any such court shall bo umtlo with und subject to tlio approval of tlio Attorney-General, — was in aeeordtinco with the opinion ex pressed by the committee, in order to pre vent judges holdiug cour Is with two short intervals between, auil rushing away from ouo to another before tho business was finished. The Jirst nmcnduiout would effect that if the Attorney-General did his duty, new clauses 2, 3, 1, and 5 wore meroly legal ciuuscs. In the sixth, he thought thcro was an omission. It said : " fi. Tlio judgo of any District Court may sit in cliainbora ut » tiiuo and ut uuy place whether such plnco is tho piuco an which the District Court is appointed lo bo hold or not." and ho thought the words ' within his dis trict" should be iuscrtcd. No doubt tlio clause mount that when read in connection with tlio Act, but it would make it more pluiu to insert the words lie bad mentioned. Tho Attouxry-Gknkkal said ho pro posed discussing the sixth clause when tiiey cumo to it, but lie had no objection to insert the words if it wcro thought neces sary. Mr. Walsii said after the explanation that had been made, he had no further ob jections to offer, provided that the District Court judges could only act in the districts to which thoy were appointed. Clause 1 of tho original Bill was then put and ncgativod. The Attorney-General moved tho fol lowing new clause Every appointment by n judgo of n District Court of tho tiino for holding any audi court shall bo mado with and subject to tho approval of tho Attornoy-Gcnoml. Mr. Walsh suggested that it would bo better if tlio words ' Governor ill Council" were substituted for " Attorney-General." The Attobney-Gbneual said, if it were tho Governor in Council delays might occur, and changes had to be made constantly. It was the pruclico in the other colonics to leavo matters of this kind to bo decided by tho Crown law officers. Question put and pusscd. Tho Attornby-Genbkal moved new ulauso 2 as follows : — In any action in which the amount claimed shall exceed twenty pounds tlio judgo may if ho think lit ordor that a jury bo summoned to try tho uction and in any such cuso tho plaintiff shall bo bound to proceed iu tlio saiuo manner ns if ho had rcquirod tho action to bo tried by » jury." Mr. PlllVd Knhl I.Imr would iml mnitf. Din cose contemplated by himself in trying to remedy an existing defect in tho Act, which only a person who had acted as a judgo could fully uudcrstaud. His object in introducing tlio clause was to cnsblo a judge, when a case was commenced, und ho discovered that lie was iucapablo of deciding tlio matter which ho did not understand properly, to refer it to a jury. Juries could take cognisance of 'many matters in estimating questions of dam ages for sluuder, or libel, or trespass, or tort ; and they were the proper tribunal to assess damages iu such eases. But uudcr this clauso lie did not think a judgo could order a caso to be tried bv a jury after it was once commenced. Supposing ho choso to bring mi action, and assessed his damages at £11), why should ho bo deprived of the right to have a jury? He had a further objection— that if the ease commenced without a jury tho judgo had not tho power lo summon one. Tho language of his clause was very different, and empowered the judge, in his discretion, at any time to order the caso to be tried by a jury. Tho Attorney- General .said ho had limited tho amount to £20, as ho thought tho cost of a jury would bo too great a burden in a case to recover a smaller, amount, lie had no objection to insert tho wonts " may at any time" iu tho clause, and with the permission of the committee, would do so. Mr. Perkins thought the coiumittco would bo forming a poor estimate of a judgo if they thought ho was not fit to discover, even beforo hoaring any of tho evidence, whether the case was one which should be tried by a jury. Ho looked upon tbo suggestion of tbe honourublo member for Brisbane simply as an attempt to multi ply costs. Legal ways wore' crooked enough at tho present time, and he hoped the committee would pause before listening to the sophistries of the honourable mem ber. His contention meant a denial, of juslico by the doubling or trebling of tho costs of suitors. He should prefer the clause as it stood. The verbal amendment proposed by the Attornby-Geneual was made, ami the new clause passed us read. Clause a— Power of judgo to. refer to arbitration, Ac.,— having bccu negatived, Tho Attorney-General moved the fol lowing now clnusq 3\. Tlio registrar of ovcry District Court sliall haro power lo issue subpamas iu criminal coses for tho attendance , of witnesses at tho trial of any person committed for trial nt tho court of which ho is registrar or at any other District Court holdcn iu the colony whether an information shall haro bccu presented against such person or not And any person disobeying any such subpoena shall bo liablo to tho same issued under tho provisions of the sixtieth section of tho District Courts Act of 1667. A criminal enso was really not commenced until tlio information was presented, which was generally when the Crown Prosecutor went into Court. It was then too lute to .subpcmia witnesses. Tho clauso provided tlmt the registrar should linvo power to issue subpccnas the momeut a man was committed for trial. Mr. "Walsh was understood to say that it appeared to him that the registrar could not only summon witnesses under tlio clause, but cause persons to be arrested who might be required to give evidence. Tho com mittee knew, that cases Hud Happened where persons had been arrested, and after having, been incarcerated for several days had been released, bccauso there was no ,, charge against thum. Thoy wcro now 'disked to furnish their authorities with ad ditional powers for indicting injurios upon tho public. Ho did nob sec why registrars of District Courts should liavo the power to serve summonses to witnesses iu the form provided by the clause. Tho Attokkey-Gbnbral said that at present any person bringing a civil action could ut ouco get a subptouu to a witucss issued for a small foe, but there was no corresponding power to prisoners to sub- KDiia witnesses in their defence.. The clauso would give them tlmt power. Question— That the now clauso as read stuwl part of the Bill — pub and passed. Clauso — Power of Hegislrar' to issue subpennn iu erimiual cases — Haviug becu negatived. The Attoknby-Gkxebal moved the fol lowing now clause, — In any notion in which no pica or notlco of defuncc shall bo duly Qlcd it shall not bo neces sary for tho plaintiff to appear nt tlio sitting of the Court but judgment may bo given for liim in his absence. At present judgment by default would not go iu the' district court. The clause wouul relievo tho plaintiff from tho neces sity of attending court where 110 pica or notice of defence was Mod und would savo expense. Question put und passed.. The romuimug clauses, as follows, wero passed with verbal amendments " 5. If in any action any defendant shall mnko default Jn filing u plea or notice of defencoit shall bo lawful lor the plaintiff upon uilidurib showing that the summons has been' . duly served upon such defendant and that no plea or notice of defence has, been duly filed by liim within tho time limited by tho summons to apply to tho judge tilting in chambers for judgment against such de fendant - And tho judgo upon boing satisfied of such service nnd default in liinkincr defence shall give judgment accordingly provided that tlio plaint shall disclose sufficient cause of action." ' " 0, Tlio judgo of any district court may sit in clinuibcrs at any tiino and at any placo whettier such plnco is a placo nt which tho district court is appoiutcd to bo held or not." The preamble was agreed lo, mid tlio Bill reported with amendments ; the report was adopted ; and the. third reading mado an Order of tho Day for Weduesday next. ROAD FROM HOLLESTON. In Committeo of tho "Whole, on the motion of Mr. Jo.jin Scott, uu Address was agreed to tho Governor, prayiug that His Excellency will bo pleased to cause to be placed upon the Supplementary Estimates for 1878-0 the sum of £500 for the con struction of u road from Jtollestou to tho Comet terminus of the Great Northern Railwuy. . ADJOURNMENT. Tho Premier said that, as there would bo souio discussion on the next two motions, it was desirable now to movo the adjournment of tho Houso. Ho proposed thut tho House adjourn till Wednesday next, and ho did this in viowof tho opening of the Exhibition on Tuesday. However desirable it was for the Houso to meet on Tuesday, it wus improbable they would succeed in obtaining a quorum. Mr. Ivory objected to tho adjournment. It would be better to go on with tho busi ness. Thcro were only two motions uK>u the paper, and if there was any discussion upon them, after tho ample maimer iu wlxich thoy hud bccu previously discussed, it would stinply be because of obstruction on the part of the Government. Mr. McIlwuaitii would also urge tlio Government to go on with the business. Mr. Macbossax said it was drawing so ncgr the end of the session thgt tho paper ought to bo kept clear. Jle could not see ( why the .Government should attempt to ( obstruct private business. Unless _tho paper were kept cleared, by-nnd- bye, wlicn they wcro in a hurry to finish. the session, privato members would not get their bust- ness done at alt. , The Minister for Works was under stood to say that it was agreed tlint no fresh business should be taken after 10 o'clock. . ti Mr. Palmer said it was protty well known tlmt he had a decided objection to silting late, and he considered it was a very good rulo to take no new business after ten o'clock. On the present occasion, howovcr, Honourable members wcro endeavouring to assist tbe Government iu clearing Ibu the Minister for "Works said Ho did not "see it. Mr. Palmer said Ho did not expoct tbo Honourable member to see it ; he coulu not see a holo through a ladder. Honourable members were endeavouring to clcur tho paper in order to leave a clear IlcHl for tlio Government to get on with the Estimates ; nnd if they wero willing, the Government; should not be parties to obstructing busi ness. It was the usual practice at the clow of the session to sit Inter than usual, and the two motions on tho pimer Had already been discussed in a fuller House than the present. Many important measures had ueon discussed iu smaller Houses limn tho present, mid it was strange that the Gov ernment should, near the close of the ses sion, prevent the Houso from going on with business. Mr. Groom said, while tho discussion was taking place, they might have been going on with business. It was possible that tho Government might wish to take next Thursday for their own business, and, to enable thorn to do so, they should con sent lo clear the paper to-night. The Houso had already discussed tho first of the two motions,' and it had been carried by a majority of sixteen to thirteen. Tho remaining two motions might, therefore, very woll bo disposed of to-night. Mr. Macfarlane (Rockhauiplon) said. as a member from the Central district anxious to get away from Brisbane, ho was willing to sit, nnd lie hoped there would bo a quorum lo onablo the Houso to go on. One of tho great grievances of mcmbors who lived away from Brisbane mm tho time spent here, nnd the Government ought, therefore, to help them to get away. Tho Premier said ho Had moved tho adjournment, understanding Hint thcro was likely to he a discussion on tho motion. He found ho was in error in stating that the matter had not been discussed, as ho found that tlio first of the two motions had been carried by a 'division of 10 to 13. It would therefore bo considered as more or less a formal motion. As the other motion was carried byn majority, andnn expression of opinion arrived ut, it would also bo viewed in tho light of a more or less formal motion; with the permission of tho.Hoti.su he would withdraw the motion for adjourn ment at the present time with tho view of moving it when the business had been dis posed of. Motion withdrawn accordingly. ROADS IN THE BURNETT DISTRICT. On tlio motion of Mr. Ivory, the IIouso went into committee for the consideration of an Address to tho Governor, relative to repairing tho following roads, viz. : — Goyn- dnli to Dalgangul, Guyndah lo Auburn and Kedbank, Gnyndah to Dalby, Gnyndah to Niuiiiikto. Nnnamro lo Tvilkivan. Mr. Ivory said, as the Premier Had acknowledged that this was to a great ex tent a formal motion, ho would simply move — That an Address bo presented to tho Govcr nor, prayiug tlmt His Excellency will bo pleased to ciiuso to be placed on tho Supplementary Estimates the sum of £2,000 for tho purposo of repairing tho following roads, viz. j— -Gnyndah to Dulgungul, Gayndah to Auburn and Rcdbonb, Gaynduh to Dulby, Gnyndah to Nuuuugo, Natiango to Kilkivan. The Colonial Treasurer said ho did not wish to wusto tho time of tho com mittee. It was certainly a very late Hour lo vote £2,000; but since the majority of tlio committeo desired it, it was proper that llioy should proceed with business. It was, however, his duty to protest against such a large expenditure ; und, merely to Havo n record of the Honourable members who supported this motion in the present state of the Treasury, and of those who Had tho courngo of their convictions to opposo it, ho would move that tho sum bo roduccd by £1,000. Mr. Palmer said He was astonished nt the action of tho Treasurer. Tho Premier, fivo minutes before, said he looked upon tho motion as a formal one, and now his colleague said (hat ho would test the con viction of tho House by moving ua amendment. AVluit faith could be placed in tho promises of a Premier if bis col leagues immediately broke them ? Ho had never before seen a Promicr who would stand boing contradicted in that way.. Mr. Macuossan said if a record of tho votes of those who had the courage of their convictions wcro all tho Colonial Treasurer wanted, he had it already, and thcro oould be no iiso in uffirming what had been aiiirmed before. The Ministeu fob Wobks said it should not bo forgotten that tho Honourable mem- bcr who moved tho motion hod made a \- proposition to withdraw it, and actually did withdraw it. Mr. Ivor v : T"fo, no. " The Minister fob "Works said tlie lion- ourahlo member knew perfectly well Unit it was utterly impossible to spend the mouoy on the roads to tlio advantage of the coun try. The Barnott district was principally occupied by cattle runs, and one dray- load of rations a month was all the stations wanted. Tlio honourable member for tlio Burnett was so convinced that it was n sham, that he actually withdrew the motion. Mr. Ivory rose to a point of order. He had contradicted that statement, and the Minister for Works persisted in asserting it b Tho Minister for "Works said lie bc- HcVed the " honourable member did with draw the motion. He was sorry tho hon». otirnbfc .member for Wide Bay did not curry bis amendment. There was no trallic on any of the roads - mentioned, and ho hoped that even now the honourable mem ber would withdraw his motion. Mr. Ghaiiam said tlio Minister for Works was not very consistent in his remarks. A few days ago, when a similar question was before the committee, that honourable gen tleman slated that money could be well spent 011 every road in the colony, mid now ho said that on ihcso roads a dray passed only once in three months. Mr. Bailey said there were two roads on tho list — those from Gayndah to Dnlby, and Gayndah to Kilkirnn by way of Nnnnngo— on which nionov could bo'spcrit with advantage. 3Io could not refuse to support tho motion, although he did hot think tlio full amount would be required for tho only roads on which thcro was con siderable trallic. Question — that tho amount be reduced by £1,000 — put. The committee divided. Nobs, 12. Messrs. McIIwrzutli, Palmer, Mncrossan, Graham, Mncfarlano (Rocknuipton), Groom, Perkins, Bailey, O'Sulliran, J. Scott, Ivory, and Douglas. Aybs, 2. Messrs. Dickson and Walsh. Tho' Chairman said/ that UierB being no, , miorum present, it whs his. duly to leave tlio; chair and report tho matter to thd . Speaker. ; , j' . , Tho House resumed, and, tho ustinl iu- < tcrval having elapsed,- there not being a quorum present, tlio Houso- was counted ' out atfourteon minutes past lls ; By Authority: James O.'Bbal, Government < , Printer, William street, Brisbane, ' 