CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, PORT CYGNET. yesterday was a day that will long be remembered by the people of Port Cygnet, on account of its being the date of most successful services in connection with the lay in,' of the foundation stone of a new Congregational Church The morning broke fine and clear, and upwards of a hundred excursionists stepped on board the Monarch for the trip from Hobart I'ovut The passage down was exceedingly pie but, the slight ripple on the water being insufficient to produce that plague of landsmen and w Union-road da mm The port was reached about 4 30 p in , and the passengers were met by crowds of the inhabitants, who seem to have made the day a holiday, Arrived at the site of the child h Hint is to be, the ceremonies in connection with laying of the stone were commenced by the Rev. J. M. Bayley trying out the hairs come menting "This stone to thee in faith we lay, which was sung by the assembly Prayer was then offered by the Rev. B. S. Bird, of Hobart Town, who invoked the Divine blessing on the work about to be commenced The Rev J M Bav ley, the pastor of the district, which includes Port Cygnet, then took the opportunity of making the following statement " The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of this Church affords an opportunity for in dun,,' a brief statement as to the circumstances which led to its erection, and of the precipices the Congregational body with which it is connected The whole of this district was some years since supplied with religious ordinances by the Rev. R. E. Dear, and other agents of the Congregational Mission, but when other deno initiations entered the Reid, and ordinances were begin larly supplied the Con(,ic"alioiialiHts withdrew in their favour. Events, various in their nature, but especially that religious scr v ices were regularly held in the district, led to an invitation to the Rev. J M Bayley to visit the Port In August of last you the Rev W. C Robinson was invited to preach and to deliver a lecture on the principles of Independent Churches Purni that nine meetings for worship have been regularly held, but the place of meeting being unsuitable, the funds wished to have a building that would be more (in keeping with the solemnities of worship, and which they migrate guides their own church The doctrines held by the members of Congregational churches are in substantial agreement with those professed by other Christian bodies for although they are bound by no subscription to creeds, they accept, as their standard of truth, the law of Christ as revealed in the New Testament Congregationalists believe in the inspiration and Divine authority of the Holy Scriptures God, the eternal, infinite, and rich mining one-Father, Son, and Holy Ghost They believe that man was created in the image of God that he fell-that his recovery is by the infinite mercy of God, manifested in the sufferings and death of His Son Jesus Christ, that all who believe in him, and accept of Him as the Saviour shall have everlasting life They believe in the necessity of the Holy Spirit's influences to re generate and sanctify the soul in a holy life, as the fruit and evidence of faith in the spiritual unity M all believers in Christ Jesus, the one Cdtkoho Church of the redeemed in all ages They believe in the perpetual obligation of Baptism, and the Lord's Supper, they believe in the impartiality of the soul, the resurrection of the dead, the final judgement, the punishment of the wicked and the blessedness of the righteous these they regard as the most important of units of the Christian religion Wlieiouj, then, it may be asked do Congi egatiuiialists differ from other sections of the Church of Christ, and what is the ground of their son milton from them The chief gi band of separation is this- they hold that the Church should not be under the control of the State, nor of councils or investors, but that each church should conduct its own allies, as did the churches in the days of the Apostles, and in the first two centuries of the Christian ci i They hold that in the New Testament model each church was independent of the State, and Congregational in its Government But while they maintain this principle of Independence they are not isojiijxd, they are bound Sicilies by voluntary bosom lation , they do not legislate fill- each other, but they give sympathy and counsel and her) Their union is one of mutilate Island, the board of common interest and fi agent in love They also hold that the church of Christ being a spiritual kingdom, the members of the church should bespattered should be those who are born again, who have, as bille vets as Christ, also become new creatures in Him The chin eli is a voluntary lisa relation of christians, of which Christ is the bond, and its revenue the offerings of love It follows that there should be no taxation for spacious premises There should be no compulsion in any respect ûonnùionocb must be free, and the support of ctipscieiiliouY worship should be Me All religions' should be sustained by those with prefeïR them, did not by taxing those who do not Snell iii the principles of Congi nationalism we believe they are in Inn many with reason, and justice, and the word of God but we hold that the chief thing in any Fritsch is spit finalise, ¡lovoio&notfs; to GhwsJ., and we lay this stone in the office of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost Our object is that Christ, by the preaching of his pure tin and, may be glorified, and souls saved " The next part of the; programme; was that of laying was performed by ,JVlj. Seller, esq.. of Hobart Town, who declared the stone <. well Mid the stone, which I truly laid," and added some well-chosen words appro-,, priate to the occasion. The Rev J. Nisbet follower! with an address to which succeeded another short speech by the Rev. B. S. Bird, Apologies for absence were read for the Revs. G Clarke, T. W. Simmons, and G. T. Johnson, Esq., of Hobart Town, the latter sending as his subscription a five pound note, which was duly laid as an offering on the same, HMJ tim, um presented by either siiniB reached StiO 13s, (6d; "The doxology having then been sung, the Rev. W. CVRobin son pronounced the benediction, and the congregation adjourned to Dance's concert room for tea. Mr. G. Arnold was the caterer, and did his part in his usual excellent style. 'A heavy shower which fell as the excursionists < were returning to the steamer slightly maTed the pleasure of the trip ; put as the clouds soon dispersed the voyage home was, except that it was rather cold, very agreeable After the tea, a public meeting was to be held, at which the Revs. Robinson, Bayley, and Morris were to deliver addresses. Of this we can furnish no report, as the steamer left immediately after tea. Altogether the services will be most successful, not only in awakening interest in the new movement, but ¡u'addi|ig'H(juioil|iuK like £10 in »UtoJhpbuiUlingíund,' 