OTJR PARIS LETTER. [TOOM OUR OWN COItBESPONDEKT.] . Paris, 5th July. The month's record is almost exclusively one of fostivities. This gay city has ap parently given itself over once more for the I-know-not-how-many-thousandth titno in its existence to the pursuit of pleasure, uncontrolled in the present instance by any other consideration than that of extracting from tho pockets of the hosts of foreign viuifcuru wifcuin iu wuua nu. sue mwy more that oan be obtained under any pretext. Our Legislative Chambers have been taking ? their long summer holiday since the date of my last letter, and fortunately the custom of holding a kind of vacation Parliament is. not tho custom here aa in Eng land, aud our public menhavobeon judiciously taciturn during the last four weeks. The de liberations of the Berlin congress have con sequently enjoyed the monopoly of attention among our quidnuncs ; andtnow, at the time of writing, when it ia universally, admitted that a peaco of some sort will bo patched up by the assembled diplomats, all interest in tho proceedings appears to havo died out. Tho pessimist feeling which prevailed whon I wrote last month did not last long, and now evory cheery-hearted Frenchman iff fully as* surod that everything taking place across the board of green cloth at Berlin will be for the best in this best of worlds. The enhanced, reputation wibh which England wont to take part in this great European palaver was, I grieve to say, greatly impaired in the eyes of people here by the publi cation in a London paper of that unfortunate Anglo.Russian Agreement, as it is termed. When Frenchmen discovered that English .statesmen had been bo selfish as to come to something liko terms with Russia, without taking the opinion of other countries, and especially 'of France, on thoir decisions, load for the moment was tho outburst of condemnation against Albion, onoe mora beoome ' ' perfidious. ' One paper after An* other attacked pur polioy, with such vira* Ionce that in two or three days thoir song became a chorus of something very liko abuse. Tho Debate styled our conduct treachery, and the mildest term applied to Englishmen generally was 'sneak.. ' Wo were supposed to have made a tremendous fusa about nothing, and a falsa show of resistance to Russian am* bltion, only for the purposo of throwing dust in tho eyes of Europe, and with tho full intention of giving way to the Musco vite demands the instant the critical mo* ment should arrive. M. Gatnbetta's organ, the liepublique Francauc, which had pre viously been one of tho journals most loud in approval of British policy during the orisis, suddenly veered round, and doolarcd that if the authenticity of the famous memorandum were established, ' the authority and dig nity of England would sustain'a damaging blow.' The 'bargain,' as it was called, was judged only worthy of the ' nation oc shopkoopora.' One might almost bavo imagined from tho tono generally adopted by the press and in conversation that most people hero were secretly anxious for a war in whioh Franco would not bo called, on to take any active part, and were disappointed at an ar rangement which had boen agreed on bo tween tho only two powers whoso willing* ness and ability to fight wero considered beyond disputo. Since tho proceedings of tho congress have oozed out, and it was found what; good torms Lord Beaconsueld ia securing for Turkey, and I may say for Europe, and since it has become ovidont that tho said memorandum was not at all of a binding character, opinion has veered round once more, and England is permitted to re. assume tho lofty position in European counsels to whioh she had lately boen pro motod. I should hesitato to say that French* men desired to see tbo congress break up in discord, and war between England and. Russia follow, but roally I have my donbts as to whether the epoctaolo would havo been disagreeable to them. Tho watohword of this country for at least ten years to come is 'Poaoe,' and there is no need to conceal the fact that tho people, by a tacit general accord perfectly well understood but never publicly expressed, are reserving all their energies for the day when they can revenge themselves on their implacable- foe. That awful day. which must be fatal to either nation, may come in five, ten or twenty years, but it is as inevitable as fate, and until it dawns no inducement will involve France in hostilities. The stronger do they feel themselves growing the more determined are Frenchmen to repay Germany for the humili ation they Buffered at her hands ; and unloss somo mastor genius appoars at tho other side of tho lihlne, some far-sighted poll* tician who will have tho power an,d courage to induce his countrymen to seal the bond of complete reconciliation by the surrondor of Alsace and Lorraine, tho present generation will not pass away until it has witnessed a terrible second odition of the war of 1870-71. Until tho opportune moment arrives, however, Franco will main* tain her attitude of preparation, and to see other nations cutting each other's throats would, I think, not be a disagreeable spec* taole to her. These wero tho motives that probably induced public opinion hero to look with little or no displeasure to the prospect of a war between England and RuBsia ; but now all Buoh thoughts havo vanished, and ' tho univorsal opinion prevailing is that the peace being concocted on admittedly hollow; bases at Berlin will last for a decade, if not longer. The Eastern question will bo laid to sleep for perhaps fifteen years, but of its re-awakening then, or it may be sooner, no one entertains any doubt. Tho death of tho ex-King of Hanover, whioh took place quite suddenly hero on the 12th June, although his majesty had long been Buffering, has caused a notable gap in Paris Bociety. The blind monarch has been a resident in this city from the period of his expulsion from his kingdom, and his figure was one of the most noble and most respected moving in our midst. To tho general publio hia features woro very familiar, for as an ardent lover of musio ho was an asaiduons attendant at our opera houses, and seldom missed a good conoort. 'His obse quies were celebrated with great -pomp. So imposing a procession has not passed through our streets for many years. Magni ficent as was tho funeral of M. Thiors from the point of view of a great spontaneous na tional demonstration, that of the deceased King excelled it in tbe grandeur of its sur roundings, and tho peculiar sadness of the. circumstances under which it tbok place. «-? »*w wa Akiug w *tswi# .vuiuwuuu «O D1UUAUUU ? .m the Rue do Presbourg, a street which runs in a semioircle round tho Triumphal Arch at tho top of tho Champs Elyseea, and as tho religions ceremony was cele brated in the ProteBtant Temple of the Rue Chauchat, off tho Rue lo Pole* tier, the cortege had to pass along the noble avenuo of the Champs Elysees, by the Place do la Concorde, and the principal boulevards. Tho streets along the route woro lined with troops, and the display of military was most imposing. Since the funeral of the Duko Do Morny, long years ago, whioh is logond* ary among spectacles of tho kind, I havo ' seen on no similar occasion suoh an ai semblago of armed force, go that the Government interred the dispossessed monarch' with more pomp, perhaps, than could have accompanied him to his lost resting place had he died in his own domi nions while still tho owner of a throne, Tho Crown Princo of Hanover, eldest eon of the deceased monarch, and tho Princo of Wales were the chief mourners, both wearing scarlet uniforms, our prince that of an Eng*- lish Field-marshal. They followed tho splendid funeral car all the way on foot^ and behind them camo King Alphonso's fatW, Francis of Assiai, the Duke of Aoata, and all tho ambassadors in Paris with the exception of tho representative of the German Empire, Tho variety of uniforms worn by tho attaches of foreign embassies was oo brilliant as to attract publio attention to the uttermost. Tho scene in tho little Augsburg Church wa- touching in the extreme, as the widowed Queen and her two daughters^ attended the mournful ceremony. I should not omit to mention that one of tho most notablo oiroum* stances of the ceremonial was the presence of a little court of Hanoverian noblumen and notabilities who acted as pall-bearers, while in tho church fifty old soldiers of. the late King, eaoh bearing a floral wreath, lined the avBlo through which the coffin was borne to tho lofty catafalque, and more than one of them was seen to shed tears during tho Bcr vice. : The premature death of tho girl-Queen of Spain produced a feeling of deep regret here. The sudden and unexpected end of Queon Mercedes, whose wedding festivities had only been celebrated fivo months ago, was, how ever, surrounded with circumstances that made it peculiarly striking. There was a mystery about it whioh has not yet been cleared up, mid which may perhaps never bo removod. It was stated at firafc that she was 'killed by the doctors,' who simply treated her for a miscarriage, and only found out too- late that her real malady was typhoid fever. Now whispers are spread — very low and discreet whispers so far, but still audible for those whose ears are open — that foul play has been at work to deprive King Alfonso of his young consort, and with her to destroy any immediate hopes of hia founding a new dynasty in Spain. The son of Isabella ib not so firmly established on his throne as most people, imagine. The proud nation at whoso head he has been placed resent the more than suspicion which hangs about his birth, and it would require a very trifling tempest indeed to shatter his bark. The death of his bride may bo the means of bringing Spain once more into re volutionary troubles. Alfonso, it 5b no secret, owed his elevation to tho throno in no Bmall degreo to the marriage whioh has just been so abruptly ended. Whether the King loved hia young cousin or not is a question I am not called upon to answer, but I can state as a fact within my own know ledge that a mistress to whom the boy had given the most fervent youthful affec tion was not cost off' when tho royal wedding was celebrated, fivo months ago, and still remains paramount in favor at Madrid. The etory that the. marriage was a lovo match forms one of those courtly fictions whioh aro always raised and circulated on nimilar'ocea Bions. In point of fact King Alfonao was betrothed to the Princess Mercedes before he left Paris to aBSuine tho crown of Spain. And as an inoident of that balrothal whioh haB nover appeared iu print, lot mo tell your readers that when ho announced to his mother that ho intohded to wed his cousin, Queon Isabella boxed his ears Boundly, jind told him that it would bo an eternal stain upon his name were he to marry tho daughter of his uncle's murderer ! (Tho Duke do Montpeuaier, father of Queen Mer cedes, shot his cousin, Don Henri de Bourbon, inn duel in March, 1870.) When the secret betrothmont took place, Alfonso was. only seventeen, and his cousin a few months over fourteen. At such an age neither the in clinations of the bridegroom nor of the bride conld have Tiad much to do with tho con clusion of the matrimonial compact. ? The proposed marriage Was to all outward seem ing a very wiBe and reasonable arrangement. But it was essentially an affair of Btate p'olic}'. Were it not for a pledge of this kind it may be doubted whether Alfonso would have evor mounted the throne. His claim to succeed to the crown as the acknowledged head of his branch of the Bourbons was strengthened be yond all calculation by the recognition of his title by the Duke and DuoheBS of Montpensier. Now that Queen Mercedes is dead, however, the bond \b severed which Identified the interests of the Montpensier branch of the family with those of Alfonso the Twelfth. It is no secret that previously to the celebration of tho marriage Qneen Isabella was intriguing against her eon and Bucceasor, and it would not surprise me were she again to renew her attempt to shake his position. -The statements she was said to have made regarding his legitimacy Co the Count dr- Chambord were really put into black and white with her own hand, and are, I can state as a faofc, in the posses sion of a former member of her household, at tho present moment in London. Isabella has to pay a heavy ransom to this man to keep the damnatory document from seeing the light publicly. Eutsuch a state of things cannot endure for ever, and it is only too likely that the most prejudicial disclosures will soon be brought forward to upset the present monarchy in Spain. The* prema ture death of the young Queon has conse quently a greater political significance than might appear on the mere surface of the event. It has added another to the innu merable elements of disturbance which threaten the fortunes of Spain and her youthful Sovereign. The election to the vacant seats in the French Academy resulted in the success of M. Eenan and M. Henri Martin, the hiatd riao. M. Paul do Cassagnac, the Imperialist . hero, who is so notorious for the violence of his spoken and written language, and bo re nowned for the number of his duels, waa married laat week to a lady who is said to be a niece of the late Cardinal Antonelli. Will this sobering event have the effect of making him write with more gravity in his paper I wonder. _. When I come to give a recital of the count less festivities of which Paris has been tho scene during the month, I hardly know at which end to begin. They were led off by the Annual BritiBh Charity Ball, and were closed momentarily by tho great national fete given 0nSunda5' last, and from which our world of all ranks and stations is etill reposing itself. The first-nnmed event has never been held under such favorable auspices aa this year. Hitherto it had been giren annually in tho spacious rooms of the Grand Hotel, but on the pr«Ecnfc occasion the committee changed the venue to the Hotel Continental, whioh Btanda on a portion of the ground formerly occupied by the burnt-down Ministry of Finance, at the angle of the Rue Castiglione »nd the Rue de Itivoli. The house, which had only been opened the previous week, is a model of graceful' architecture, very com modious in arrangement; and tho suite of rooms on the ground floor, in which the en tertainment took place, gurpaea in brilliant decoration any eiioilor apartments in Paris. They are, in fact, almost too gorgeous. TJio ceilinga and walls have been painted by eminent artists, and the taste and harmony of all the adornments are remarkable. The only fault to be found is that they aro per haps not large enough for such a Humorous I gathering as that under notice. . Of late years the British ball haB somewhat declined in popularity and BuccesB, but the recent fete will, it is to be hoped, recstab liSh.it in all its old prestige. When it was announced that tho Prince of Wales intended honoring the occasion with his pre sence, the rush for , tickets became unpre cedented, and it waa littlp wonder therefore to find that not only the whole British colony hero, and most of our most distinguished Britisb/and colonial visitors, but also a host of aristocratic and eminent French notabi lities had assembled to meet his Roy al Highness. A more brilliant ? gathering has rarely, I should say, been seen at any enter, taimenfc of the kind. Tho toillottea of the ladies we're ma^nifioont, and the display of diamonda dazzling. Tho Prince, who waB received on his arrival by Lord Lyons and. the members of the committee, wore the grand cordon of the Legion of Honor, a compliment to their country with whioh all the French in the rooms wero delighted. But tho heir apparent haB had the good fortune to make himself an especial favorite with Parisians : ho is as popular here as in London. Tho Prindb almost immediately entered the ball room wherp dancing had been going on fo* more than an hour previously, to the music of Desgrangc'B famouB band. He appeared to be acquainted with every distinguished person present, and nothing could , exceed tho unaffeoted cordiality with whioh he greeted his numerous friends. He danced a good deal during the evening, remained for supper, and did not leave until a very late hour. He waa still in b'ed at his hotel tho same morning when he received the sad news of the dtfath of his august mother's first cousin— tho King of Hanover. The raco for the Grand Prix this year was considered quite devoid of interest from a sporting point of view, being looked on as a certainty for Count de Lagrange'slnsulaire, whioh won tho French Derby at ChaptiJlyt and ran second to Sefton for tho-bluo riband of the English turf. Only one competitor, moreover, crossed. the Channel for the occa sion—Prince Soltykoff's Thurio— a horse which finished far behind Insulairo at Epsom. The crowds at Longchamps were, however, the largest 1 have Been there ; and the Shah of Persia, clad in a sort of shawl- pattern dressing-gown, was the object of general curiosity. He seemed to enjoy the sport, and was far and away the most attentive spectator in the tribunes. To the utter dis comfiture of hino-tentbs of those present, the solitary and almost despised English cham pion won the prize by a short bead.; But Thurio's jockey (Cannon) found it .the; most he could do to urge his horse at the finish past two of Count Lagrange's representatives, who hemmed him in right and left, abso Iutely hugging him. The Count can hardly bo called a fair aportsman. I know for a fact that even when without a ghost of a chance of winning with a horso of his own, his directions to his jockey are to prevent tho 'Euglish horse ' from winning. In the present caso he started three — Insulaire, inval, and Clementine — and they finished bo hind Thurio in the order named. I heard Cannon doolare to Prince Solty koff after the con teat that he had been shut out three times by the count's horsea during the race, and that it was with the xitmost difficulty he had been able to get Thurio's head in front on the post, so closely was he hemmed, in by Insulairo and Inval. But Count do Lagrange had already received sufficient punishment - for big crooked tactics. Insu laire is trained at Newmarket ; he was Bent over to win the French Derby at Chantilly, a good stake certainly, about £4000 pro bably. The evening of the same Sunday tho horse had to be despatched by special trains and special boat to Epsom to run for the English Derby, for which he ran second. Then he was again shipped back to Paris, where he just missed the Grand Prix. The probability ia that if the horBe had not been knocked about until he was completely stale, he would have won both the English Derby and the Grand Prize here, but the Count, in his anxiety to grab the little sprat at Chan tilly, missed the two big salmon at Epsom and Longchamps, , ' Four days after the great rase the Parisian public was treated to one of those, grand military spoctaoles in which they take so much delight. The review was held on the same ground as the race, and Longohamps is an admirable spot for army manoeuvres. The crowds present were enormous. All Paris turned out of doors, and th® weather — which has been most uncertain this seaHon — proved favorable for the occasion. All that I need say of the event is thxt the troopa showed improvement when compared with last year, especially the artillery. But the army of the Republic is still a young one, and I am sorry to know that, among the officers particularly, a grievous want of dia. cipline characterises it. The cursed political spirit — the bane of their country — has bo imbued French officers that duty is a secon dary consideration to party interests. Still, France has already a very promising army, and the display of 20th June was good enough to pleaeo the most exigeant. You see what an animated month we have ?passed, but its events all pale when brought into comparison with tho magnificent' fete given on Sunday last. The legislature, be-, fore separating for the recess, voted a sum of £20,000 for great national fetes during the Exhibition, and the first of these was held six days' ago.. The republic had evidently' determined to outshine all similar festivities given under tho Empire, and fully succeeded in doing no. I could fill anothor letter with descriptions of the brilliant ocene3 in all quartere of tho city, which transformed Paris into a veritable fairy lanU,, Anything more spontaneous or more universal could not be conceived. Tho whole population had made it a point to contribute to the splendors of the occa sion, and from every story of every house waved during the day -flags of every hue— tho tricolor naturally ' pro dominating— and at night wero sun pended Venetian lanterns or other more am bitious illuminations. Concerts wero given in the public streets or gardens ; there were innumerable processions and pleasure faira in every quarter, and at night tho city and ita suburbs blized with light. Under the empire tho fete stopped ehorfc at tho Aro de Triompho in the Champs Elyaees, but thia year it was extended to the Bois do Boulo/?no, whero' tho spectacle reminded one of a scene from the Arabian Nights, Tho trees were bung with hundreds of thousands of colored lanterns, ' tho boauti f ul lake was mapped out with lights, several large barges with bands of military mueio and groups of vocalists on. board moved among a flotilla of Btnaller boats, all decorated with streamers and refulgent with Chinese lamps, while for twd hours one of the most artistic, and ex travagant displays of fireworks ever seen blazed forth from , every point. .Such a Bcene of splendor has never been seen. The ' bearing of the crowd was admirable. Good humor and courtesy prevailed, on all sides ; and although the population of ?Parip, whioh In its normal state is calculated at 2,000,000, was . estimated to have been, increased to 3,200,000 last Sunday, not a single accident has . been reported. We are promised another similar grand fete before tho closing of the exhibition. 