Melbourne, (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT). October 26. A MR. Sergeant has come forward in the Legisla- tive Assembly during the past week. This gen- tleman is a more thorough representative of the school teachers than any their New South Wales brethren have in the Parliament. He is member for Dundas, the constituency lately represented by Mr. Macpherson, who resigned in disgust together with his bosom friend Sir James M'Culloch, be- cause of the Berry triumph. Mr. Sergeant was a State school teacher, and pluckily won Dundas. The discussion in Parliament on the education vote has enabled him to score a mark. Mr. Berry says he doesn't want to go to England, when the Opposition members put the inquiry, " Will you ever go home ?" Nevertheless, every- body believes that he is bent on taking up his residence in London, as Agent-General, vice Archi- bald Michie, promoted to a judgeship. He seems to have been determined on this for a twelve- month past, and it is the common talk behind the scenes, as referred to by me more than once in previous letters. For all that, he has apparently, gone heartily into a conference scheme, for adjust- ing the differences between the two Houses. Sir Charles Sladen, as leader of the Legislative Council, has greatly modified his tone ; but the President, Sir W. F. Mitchell, does not at all like the conciliation. The conference is carefully balanced, in more ways than one, with its three members on each side. Sir Charles Sladen pits himself against Mr. Berry. The Council also has its solicitor, Mr. Anderson, to balance the Assembly's barrister, Sir Bryan O'Loughlen ; while Professor Hearn is set up against Professor Pearson. There are complaints about the secrecy, of the proceedings, but they could hardly be open. Men need to be able to SDeak freely under the cir cumstances. The bookmakers have a new lounge this season, and at noon they all gather in the long bar at Bcwes's Hotel, Bourke-street west, opposite the old lounge, at Goyder's. Bowes is a well-known sport, and had an hotel lately in Sydney. The gambling over sweeps is absolutely terrific this year. J. J. Miller has had Bix drawn, each with a first prize of £1000, and others in proportion. Goyder has also had an immense double-event sweep. These operations undoubtedly are fostered by the legislation to repress betting, like driving an abscess inwards instead of letting it out. Wybert Eeeve did not attract a large week's business at the Theatre Royal, and so " No Name " succeeds the " Woman in White." But this is the dull time of the theatrical year, before the Cup. The Royal management are not sorry that tue twelvemonth's engagements of nearly a dozen additions to their stock company expire next month. These actors and actresses were imported with a flourish of trumpets, about the want of new blood on the Australian stage, but they nearly all disappointed Coppin and Co. more or less bitterly. Creswick draws tolerably at the Opera House, whereour oldSydney friend Ryan figures in quite im- portant characters. Montagu Scott is very warmly applauded every night for his caricatures at the Academy theatre, and of course he has had to give a different batch to those which pleased on the N.S.W. side. We were instructed with a view of the Sydney Infirmary in The Mavis, presented by Miss Beatrice and Dorsay Ogden, and it was "very like a whale." Mr. and Mrs. Tavares are carrying on an unprofitable game at the Princess, where W. G. Carey is too much in the background. D'Arcy Read's Ghost is a fair success at the Athenoeum. A respectable looking individual named Richard Hithering Hillier, who is reported to have something to do with the army in India, was charged at the Central Police Court on Saturday with bigamy, by taking to himself as wife, Laura Louise Holborow, he having previously married at Adelaide, and his lawful wife being Btfll alive. The charge of bigamy was fully proved, and he was committed for trial at the Central Criminal Court. Several important changes are about to be made in the squadron of Her Majesty's ships at present on the Australian Btation. The Sapphire. Sappho, and Nymphe have all been ordered home, and their places will be occupied by the Dance, Emerald, and Cormorant, which have all sailed from England for Australia. H.M.S. Wolverine is still in Sydney Harbour, and will go for a short cruise in the course of a few days. The Sapphire ÍB at Melbourne, and the Sappho is on the Queensland coast. H.M.S* Nymphe, Captain Townshend, recently arrived at Auckland, whence she was to sail for Samoa, thence to Sydney, and finally to England. The following particulars have been received con- cerning the ships now on their way out to Australia « -Danae, 12 gunB, 350 horse-power. Captain J. C. Purvis ; Lieutenants J. S. Halifax, W. C. S. Hat- horn, J. St. C. Bower, H. S. Lake ; Btaff-surgeon, Ö. Mair; paymaster, J. Kiddle; chief-engineer, W. Tebard ; sub-lieutenants, A. S. Stuart, J. Johnson, W. S. Grogan ; surgeon, G. Smith ; midshipmen: E. E. Bradford, G. E. G. Purvis. Emerald, 12 guns, 350 horse-power. Captain W. H. Maxwell ; Lieuten- ants, A C. Clarke, H. D. Barry, H. HarriB,R. G. GUOB, nav. lieutenant, J. Stocken ; chaplain, Kev. G. H. Trehenarne ; staff-surgeon, J. B. Burke ; paymaster, H. J. Harvey j chief engineer, N. C. Oldknow ; Bub HeutenantB, H. E, Goldfinch, W. O. Oxley ; Burgeon» W. C. Williamson. Cormorant, 6 guns, 900 horse- power. Commander, J. A. T. Bruce j lieutenants, O. M. Duckcraft, V. D. Hughes, G. Hodgkinson ; ataff Burcreon, J. Horrocks ; paymaster, H. ß. Robinson ; chief engineer, J. Boxell : sub-lieutenant, C. E. Bax,« ter ; Burgeon, T, H, LewiB, 