? CHAPTER XII. " SHE IS FAST MT WIFE." BY mx ixmoR OP ««MJROHA PLOTD," &0, &C.; September was nearly ended. Harvest bomeswereover, and in Combhaven there was a general impression tliatwinter was a season in the immediate future, and tliat liusey and merino ! would be soon the only wear. Household fires began to have a cheery look in the dusk, and ruddv light flickered on the walls and ceilings of cosy parlours at tea-time—m that dim hour when the busiest housewife might lay aside her dailv task of making or mending, and fold her hands for a brief span, with a virtuous sense of having earned the luxury ol repose, while she discussed the character or prospects of her neighbour?, or talked of that last dreadful murder chronicled in the county papers, or the latest scandal about England s crowuless queen. . . Joshua had gone ou another journey m this tranquil autumn weathei. He had not told his family much about the object or design of this last excursion, but had contented himself with stating that it was a matter of business which called liiui away, and that he should be absent at most a week. Judith was not a little offended at this reticence. " I don't know what's come over your fattier that he's taken to gadding," she said to Naomi, j " He's never been the same man since ho weut to open young Wild's chapel. One would think it had turned his head. And yet it was no great honour for him to be asked to do it— an out-of-the way place like that where the people are as ignorant as negro slaves, I dare say." " I can see no change in father," replied Naomi. " He is as good as he has always been, and as thoughtful for others. If there is any change, it is that he seems kinder than ever !" " All!" exclaimed Judith, with vexation ; " what's the use of talking to girls in love ? It's throwing away good words. You've no eyes nor ears for any one but your lover. If you were in the business you'd see the change in your father fast enough. Half his time his wits are wool- gathering." " Perhaps he's thinking of his sermons, aunt." " He never used to think of 'om when he was behind his counter." Naomi had no further explanation to offer. It had iudeed seemed to her of late that her father was kinder and more sympathetic than she had ever known him to be since the days of her childhood, when she had been his prattling companion in many a rustic walk. He had entered into her feelings about Oswald, he had talked to her of her future; and. to Oswald himself ho had been all kindness and indulg- Ncver had her liome been "pleasantcr to her, or her life happier, than during the last three months. . Perhaps this is why 6he had found it so difficult to imagineherself transferred to any other home, the scene of her life shifted from the homely house in the High Street to the gloomy dignity of the Grange. Joshua had been absent more than ten days, a breach of faith upon which Aunt Judith enlarged with some bitterness. " A stranger in the pulpit, and our last butter-cask nearly empty. If that isn't a change in your father I don't know the meaning of the word. But some people can twist words any way; one 'ud need a new dictionary to understand 'em," exclaimed the anxious housewife, as she and Naomi 6at together at tea in the glow of an afternoon fire Jim had goue to Barnstaple to order goods. He was gradually emerging from the chiysalis of boyhood, and showing au aptitude for business which his aunt lauded as the crowning ornament of manhood. Ho was sharp and energetic, intensely matter of fact, and more eager for gain than his father cared to see him, but a good boy withal, soft-hearted and kindly. "Perhaps father may be home to-night," said Naomi, soothingly. " Ah, that's what you said last night, and the night before last. ITho isn't home to-night or to-morrow there'll be no service on Sunday, for Mr. Scruple only promised for the one Sabbath. And thcre'd be a pass for things to (joiue to ! How could your father hold his head up in Coiubhaven after that " I'm 6ure my father won't neglect his duty." " Watt her How about our next cask of butter? Where's that to come from, I should like to know, before we've 'h6en out of Irish over 'so long? It was more than I would tako upon myself to write to Ireland for it." *' You might have ordered another cask, aunt," "I wouldn't be so venturesome.. A deal of tlianks I should get for my pains if the butter turned out rancid. No, Naomiif your father neglects his business he must bear the brunt of his own conduct, and if there's no service on the Sabbath -" " There will be service/'cried Naomi, starting from her chair at' the soiind of a vehicle drawing up in front of the gate. " That's ''"Why, there's no coach to bring him at this time, child. The Barnstaple mad wont tein for a good hour. Wh^ble^and^ve us, if it isn't a post-shay, ^thatr^konthe roof, too!" exclaimed Aunt Judith, lookwg out of the window. " Your father took nothing with lum but a bag, and unleM he was gone clean out of his mind he would'nt come home m «He S *may be ill," cried Naomi, alarmed; for this apparition of a post-chaise was one of those starting appearances which must mean something out of the common- possibly evil. «It must be a mistake," said Aunt Judith, following Naomi into the passage. « Ao, there's Joshua getting out, and no more the matter with him than there is with me, she added, in a tone of disgust. , Yes, there was Joshua confronting them m the twilight, with a curious look on his dark face, a kind of shy triumph, as of one half ashamed of a great happiness. He drew Naomi to lum, and kissed her with more warmth of feeling than he had ever shown after so short a severance. , " How is my dear daughter \ he asked, genUv. " Very well, father, and very glad to have you back again." "We're all but out of Irish butler, said Judith, accusingly, from the obscurity of the passage. "Ah, Judith, is that you ? Never inind the butter. We'll soon set things right," replied the Minister, going back to the chaise. " You won't get another cask till the end of next week, with all your cleverness. I thought you'd broken a leg at the least, or you'd never have come home in a shay," added Judith. " I came in a chaise because I had some one to bring home with me, my dear," replied Joshua, calmly. He handed out a girl—a slim girlish figure, a lily face under a gipsy bonnet tied with a broad white ribbon. Naomi saw tender blue eyes looking up at her beseechingly in the twilight, and rosebud lips that were faintly tremulous. She had never before beheld such flower-like beauty, loveliness so delicate in form or colouring. Joshua put the stranger's hand under his arm and led her into the house, and into the firelit parlour; Judith falling back against the passage wall as they went by, as if she had made way for a spectre; Naomi following her father full of wonder. " I have brought you a companion and friend, Naomi," said Joshua, when they were all in the parlour, Aunt Judith having followed automatically, like Hamlet after the Ghost. " I have brought you some one whom you must love and cherish for my 6ake." " If you've brought this young woman to help in the business, you may give her the drapery department altogether. I wash my hands of it from this moment!" exclaimed Judith, awful in her indignation. " I have brought her to occupy the first place in my household, as she holds the first place in my heart," answered Joshua, " This is Cynthia Haggard, my wife." Sister and daughter stared at the minister with wonder- stricken countenances, pallid with hon-or. This calm announcement of his went so far beyond their ideas of the possible —this fact of a second marriage was au event so wide of their wildest dreams—that both aunt and niece were dumb. To both it seemed that Joshua must have gone out of his mind ; that he must be talking distractedly under the spell of demoniac possession, rather than that this thing could be true—this slender flowergirl the grave preacher's second wife. Joshua Haggard looked at the two women, surprised at the consternation his words had caused. Having once made up his mind that Cynthia was his fittest helpmate, created for him by his God, as Eve for Adam, it had uot occurred to him that other people could have any occasion to wonder at his choice. Hor youth, her beauty, were blessings which Heaven had bestowed upon him with the free gift of her love. She loved him, she had chosen him; gladly, willingly she had nestled in his arms, and yielded him a love which waft almost worship. She had spanned the gulf of years that yawned between them; she had flown to him as a bird tq its nest. By her free choice she had justified his boldness in loving her. Had any ono else the right to count his years, or see unfitness in this union of youth and maturity, if she had not dona so i He was angry at his daughter's blank look of surprise. From Judith he liad expected rebellion, and he took no heed of lier mute horror. " You do not give my wife a very warm welcome, Naomi," he said, with suppressed ! indignation. "I had expected more from your sense of duty> if not from your affection." Forgivo mb. father;" said Naomi; with a look of uusjieakable pain. ThbBo deliberate words of this thing was v&^f&l.; ^'nt WaS io fiuprised, I could,not sp^" $|jd ^eii. goifig Up to Cynthia,' ehe" put/tWit lUr'Mhd^tffid add gently, " I am Very glad to see yon." Cynthia tookthe ptbftewdhWnd, 1 wlriih (^a8 cold as ice, bent her graceful jhead^! &iid; kiased the cold fingots4ieaitfjilly.il i su.l'tf rlws;/ l'? " I am sorry ; you should ihaveibfeen *o - surprised," eho said. flaked Mr- Haggard to tell you before ^ f l ^ u ^ h e thought it was b e t t p r n o i ; . ^ " I fancied my marriage would nave been „ pleasant suprisefor w ^ p : ; ItlioU'^ , she might be glad to khoW J th&V; "frh^'M leaves me I shall have iome ! to 'caie (ft Aunt Judith's overcharged breast relieved itself by a groan. ^ - ' ' Some one young and bright and pleasant for my companion.' • • Judith groaued rather louder than before. "For the rest, I had no one's leave or or licence to ask for my marriage, Aud pow, Judith, perhaps you'll be good enough to get us some tea, while I go out and Bettle with the post boy. We've had a long drive from Barnstaple- Naomi, you can feho\v Cynthia the way upstairs, and help her to talcC off her cloak and bonnet. My room is tcady, I suppose?" "It's ready for yon," replied Judith; "I don't know whether it's good enough for Mrs. Haggard".—throwing a spiteful intensity .into the more utterance of the name which showed great power of expression. " She . may be used to something better; though I might have known what was going to happen when you ordered new chintz for tho bedstead and wiudows." " What is good enough for me will he good enough for my wife," said Joshua, looking fondly after his bride as she left the room with Naomi. " And now bestir yourself, Judith, like a kind eoul, and give UB a comfortable tea i dish of ham and eggs, or something substantial Cynthia ate hardly any dinner." " Cynthia!" ejaculated Judith, as if suddenly awakened from a state of eemi- consciousncss; " why, that's the name of the young woman you found on the commpn." " It is." " And you've married that young womfin— a tramp, a servant girl 1" "I have married a lovely and innoceutgirl ; whom Providence designed to be the blfessing of my latter years* replied Joshua^ "Cod gave her to me for my own that- dayon the common. She has loved me from that- day,* and I am not sure that my love for her was not born in me then. My. thoughts have followed her and cared for her. all the time, though I only knew last midsummer how dear she had become to me. Yon look at ine as if I was talking a strange tongue Judith." _ " It might as well be Hebrew for piynndeiv standing of it," answered Judith. * " However, you've made your bed, and you ckn lie upon it. You don't want my leave 6riifanc&, aB you say; no man wants leave or licence to play the fool. That's an act of free will i most folks." •.-..•.- " Come, Judith," cried the ministry sternly, " if you think that I am going to snbmit to' insolence or insult in a matter that touches me' so nearly as this you are mistaken. ~ A man's worst foes aTe those of his own household. T' : will have no enemy to sharo my daily- fcread and my daily prayer. If you and I ate to live' together, you must love my wife as ypu love me. She is a part of me—the brighter, better'' part. Au insult to her is twice an insult to me, and I shall recent it twice ai keenly. And now, Judith, shake hands upon this, and tako it into your heart; or else find soino 'other shelter than-this roof before: yoii lie down to- 1 night. No one shall live in my house'that an enemy to my wife." /.J 1 ''.) "That's short notice," eaid Judith^ gnffliy flJ , " Well, there's my hand. You've been a good ; brother to me, and I've not been a , ba& sUtei : to you. We won't quarrel about ia--protty face. May you be happy t" • " ! , • '' ' They shook hands—heartily -upon Jc^hua's side with a shade of reservation oh JuAithV ,' The minister felt that ho had conquered; hut these household Victories sometimes leave behind them the'sfaed of , Judith buBtled outito proparojaimealsftfr the" 1 ' travellers; and soon thoroi wtU 'ri^sheerflil his- 11 sing sound—an odour of fried tifcfr' frtiA 'th^ kitcUen, where Judith bto'6d oVer" iho ilying^ pan with a ilioody brow, while Bally her orders in fear anil wonder. "i. .°. ut ti,oi) wt tea-things ^ candlesticks, and get a pair of < waxn^aridUw from the shop," Baid Judith j at'whioh coni-! ! maud Sally stood open-mouthed; and Speech-' less. There Jipd been po suclr .pwM^ons since the last tea-party. "Your master has got inarried, Sally. WE must show him hbty pleasod wo tito.*' R S L •'' 1 " Married 1" cried Sallv. s *»"K s, ifc" Trimly?' ™ '^ « fflo -tMmV Wiui a'obqkOonl; iiiite^wJi^*^ t r)mL hpefl made n ^ M a mrcQ „ fteabrick r k house—her ojra—at tne upppr end of Comb haven j slie wpre silk goWne every aftonoon, cold spectacles, attd the smartest caps in' the town, and was a deivotted disciple of Joshua's, wheezing through the service every Sunday morning, and sometimes gtfilty of nasal breathings of an unmistakably character on & Sunday afternoon. To Sally it seemed tlietnOet liatural thing in the world that 'Joshua should espouse thb tanner's widow, 1 although she %vas fifteen years liis senior, fend a sufferer from high feeding and chronic isthipa. Sall#!had made up her wind ever so long Ago, on tUo "occasion of a state teadrinking, that Mrs. Trimly looked with peculiar favour on the minister, and that the comfortably-furnished brick- house, with it's twenty acres of orchard and meadow, as well as a fortune in the Funds, might be Joshua's for the " No,"'said'Juctith; " It isn't Mrs. Trimly. That would have been a scneiblo marriage, if you like. But when men of my brother's age marry they don't think of pleasing sensible people. They marry to please their eye, Sally. Your new mistress has got ilaxon hair and blue eyes, Sally : that's enough for my brother. I hope you'll like her, and that you'll take the same pains with polishing the furniture that you have taken in my time." " You are not going away, are you, mum V gasped Sally, with a vision of a paradisaical life opening before her almost too dazzling for tho mental eye. " No, Sally, I am not going away ; but I'm going to be a cipher, 11 replied Judith, severely. Sarah's spirits sank. She did not know the meaniug of that substantive cipher, though she had a distant acquaintance with the same word as a verb. But she felt that so -long as Miss Judith remained upon the scene her toil would know no relaxation. Meanwhile the two girls—wife and daughter —were il'p-stairs in Joshua's bed-room, stealing shy glances at each other by the dim light of a candle which Naomi held while Cynthia stood before the dressing-table taking off her bonnet. There were tears in the young wife's eyes, and a sad look about the sweet rosy mouth, as she smoothed her bright hair witfeJoshua's hard black brush, looking in the glass at a misty reflection of that half- sorrowful, halffrightened face. Inexperienced as she was in the varieties of humanity, instinct was keen enough to teach her that her husband's marriage was distasteful to his kindred, that there was no loving welcome for her in this strange home. She looked at Naomi with unspeakable awe. Was this the affectionate daughter, the tender companion and friend Joshua had promised herI That tall erect figure, that nobly-chiselled lace, with its crown of raven hair bound in a thick coil round a high comb on the summit of the head, inspired admiration, but held love at a distance. Cynthia. felt that she could never be familiar with this handsome stepdaughter ; and yet the face was like Joshua's, and for that reason must needs seem dear to her. " I am so sorry your father did not tell you sooner," she began, falteringly. " I'm afraid his marrying me has made you unhappy " " It has surprised me very much," answered Naomi, gravely. "I have never thought of tiy father-marrying. If any one had suggested it, I should have been angry. And you are so young—so much fitter to be his daughter than his wife." "No wife could love and honour him more than I do," said Cynthia, the tears streaming down her cheeks. "No one could know him and not honour him," replied tho daughter, proudly. " Don't cry; I'm not blaming you. I have no right to blame him. I don't want to spoak unkindly to you, still less to speak undutitully of my father; but his marriage is a great surprise." Here Naomi broke down, and the two young women performed a eobbing duet. Naomi was tho first to recover, " 1 wn very wicked," she said, remorsefully. As if my dear father had not the right to bo happy in his own way. I am jealous, unreasonable, abppiinnhle. Poor .little thing "-4rawl u 8 Cynthia to her with protecting tenderness don't cry. I am not so cruel or so ungrateful as I juust have seemed just now. But I love my father so dearly, and Ithouglit I should have him always my own; and the idea that ue could lovo any one else more than me was ju?t at firat> 1 wa a • Sft B selUsh, cruel, undutirul. Dry your tears, dear; we must be lond of each other for my. father's sake." Oynthia's sobs ceased. She clung lovingly to Hie taU figdro, hanging on it like ivy on an " Oh, if you will love me a little I shall Tjo so happy/' said tho girl-wife. "He ought to have toldjrou. I know I must seem an ini truaer. - But tf you could know how I love niW { how from tho first—wlien he took mo unaer liw care, a poor runaway creature; with- out a friend, used to hard usage and hard words-—from the first I worshipped him! He was So true, so stroub, a rock of defence. I feared no one when ho had taken me under his care." " Yes, he told me how lie found you," said Naomi, thoughtfully. " Poor child!" This was tho waif, of whom her father hod spoken—tho girl in whose story she had felt a tender pitying interest, never dreaming tliat this nameless wanderer was to rob her of her father's heart. "Bid ho tell you that I. was a heathen then," asked Cynthia, Bolomnly " knowing nothing, believing nothing, without one hope beyond my daily life—and that was altogether hopeless? I had known no father on earth, I knew of no Father in Heaven. I thought death was tho end of all things, and I sometimes longed to die." " Poor child!" repeated Naoibi, with pity. "Poor then," said Cynthia, "the poorest of tho poor. But from that blessed day rich beyond measure. ' Henceforward there is laid up fcr me a crown of glory.'" There was no touch of sanctimoniousness or cant in her utterance of these words, only a childlike and implicit faith. " Yes," answered Naomi, with deepest gravity, " if you win tho race." Her more serious nature was not so easily assured. These triumphant party cries and watchwords of evangelism sometimes awakened douhts and anxieties in her reflective mind. For Paul such a glad burst of triumph was but the natural expression of a victorious soul; but for these followers of St. Paul, who had eudured nothing, accomplished nothing—who had fought no battle, won no victory—from them this bold assuranco of fclicity seemed arrogant to the verge of blasphemy. " And you will try to love me a little?" 6aid Cynthia, pleadingly. "I-shall lovo you very much for my father's sake, if you make his life happy." " I shall honour and obey him, and wait upon him like his servant if he will let me," answered Cynthia, " And may I call yoa Naomi I" "Yes, Cynthia." And from that moment they spoke to <each other as Cynthia and Naomi. There was no question of the word mother; but in Naomi's manner to her stepmother there was from the first a touch of motherliness, a protecting kindness, which was in a manner the reversal of their positions. The wife's weaker nature, clinging, dependent, childlike in its exquisite womanliness, leaned on the firrer and more masculine character of the daughter. " I thought you were never coming," said Joshua, when they wout down to the parlour, where the tea-table had assumed a positively splendid appearance, lighted by wax-candles, such as were supplied at three-and- sixpence a pound to Mr. Haggard's most aristocratic customers. Judith sat bolt upright, with her hands folded, watching the candles burning, as a larger soul might have watched the blazing pyre which consumed the fortunes of an imperial house. There was a depth of desolation in this sacrifico of the wax-candles, a bitter irony in the setting up of these waxen tapers to do honour to that wandering beggar-girl whom Joshua had chosen for his wife. "What have you two girls been talking about?" asked Joshua, with an attempt at cheeriness; " making friends, I hope ?" "Yes, father," Naomi answered, with a look that was full of duty and affection; " we have made friends. Cynthia and I aie going te be sisters. It would sound foolish for me to call her mother, for she is two years younger than I am, and looks younger than she is." " Very well my dear. Ypu shall be sisters, then. I care not what name you give the bond, so that you love each other. And now, Judith, the tea." Misa Haggard had placed herself at tho corner of tho table remote from her accustomed seat in front of the tea-tray. There she sat rigid, impenetrable. She. did not frown ; no sour expression of visage betrayed her discontent. She had composed her features to a sublime self-abnegation—a resignation of all active share in the life passing around her. She looked what she had called .herself in her late discourse with Sally—a cipher. " 0, dear no," she exclaimed; " I couldn't think of such a thing,, I havo done with the teapot. : Mrs. Haggard will pour put tho tea of course; it's her place. . \- ff 0, please don't make any difference on my awjouut," cried Cynthia, witha timidly beseeching glanpe. at that stony countenance. "I have never been accustomed to pour out the tea. Ishould feel quite awkward, unless Joshua wished it," with, a little ldok at her husband, which plainly said, His lightest wish is my law. "I desire nothing that can cause discomfort or ill-will in this household," answered Joshua. " All I wish is we may live happily together, in perfect peace and union. Pour out the tea, Judith, and let there be no senseless fuss about trifles. , , " " I'm not one to make a fuss about nothing," replied Judith, with dignity. "But if s just as well to put things on a proper footing at once. It saves misunderstanding afterwards." And with this protest she assumed her accustomed posit^n, which Bho never afterwards offered to resign. Jim came home by-and-by, full of importance, and was presented to his father's wife. The surprise was startling for him as well as for the rest, but ho received the blow much more coolly than his aunt and sister, His br^iji, sharpened by a course of wholesale and retail grocery, took in the material aspects of this chango in his family circumstances, rather than that spiritual side of things which had troubled NaomL He did not think regretfully of hi6 father's second marriago as a foolish and undignified act in a grave career; but he began to wonder what effect this union might exercise upon his own prospects. " As long as father gives mo the business, I'm content," be told himself. "And my stepmother looks a pretty foolish thing, that wouldn't be likely to make one's life un pleasant. I hope she'll take the reins out of Aunt Judith's hands, and let us have puddens every day." It was not till after prayers that Naomi left off expecting Oswald, who rarely let an evening pass without coming in, were it but for half an hour. But on this particular evening the Squire had taken into his head to be prosy, and kept his son at home, talking politics by tho wood fire in the dining-room, while the autumn wind sighed and moaned in the wido old chimney. CHAPTER XIII. " I LEAN UPON THEE, DEAR, WITHOUT ALARM." Naomi awoke with strange feeling of trouble on the morning after her father's return with his young wife. She felt like one who, after some sudden bereavement awakens to the old familiar world to find it desolate and empty. " I have lost my father," came like a cry of despair from her troubled heart, and then came Reason, the calm and quiet teacher, and sat down by her bed, and argued the matter to its logical issue, and showed her that her father had done her no wrong. She blushed at the thought of her own selfishness—she to grudge her father this new happiness—she who had given so much of her heart to an other—she who was so soon to abandon the home-nest. " But my father has always been first, my father will always be first, in my heart," she said to herself, excusingly. " Let her only make my father happy, and I shall be satisfied," she thought, as she stood before the looking-glass, twisting the heavy coil of hair round her neat tortoisoshell comb. " I wish she were only a little older. She has such a childish look. I canuot fancy her a companion for my father - " Naomi went down stairs with a determination to be very kind to the poor wife—to shield her if need were, from Aunt Judith's acrimony; but on this first morning Auht Judith was scrupulously civil; if she erred at all it was on the side of over-politeness. She was inclined to be righteous over-much in her dealings with the now member of the house- hold. Jim greeted his stepmother with frank familiarity, and offered to take her for a nutting expedition in the woods after diuner. "Of course you're fond of nuts ?" he said. " I'm very fond of the woods," answered Cynthia, whoso heart overflowed with kindly feeling for those step-children, and who was grateful for the smallest token of regard on their part. " I should like to know how the business is to go on if you're out nutting every afternoon." said Judith, turning sharply on her nephew. She was not going to waste civility on him. " Come, now, I've been sticking pretty close to the shop for the last six months. I don't often play truant, I'm sure, and there's not much doiug iu my lino between dinner and tea." " Of course, if Mrs. Haggard wishes you to go out walking " " Call me Cynthia, please," cried the girl, and then added, timidly, " unless you would like to call mo sister," " You're very kind, but I could'nt turn my tongue to it. I never had a sister, and I can't bring myself to make believe. As to calling you by your Christian name, I should feel myself wanting in respect to my brother's wife ; and nobody shall ever have causo to lay that at mv door." " I shall call you Cynthia, though," said Jim. " It would novor do for a great hobbledehoy like mo to be calling a pretty little thing like you mother. Folks would split their sides with laughing. And you'll como nutting this afternoon? There's hazel and cob-nuts, and no end, in Matcherly Wood. It's three miles from here; but yoa can that much, I dare say." „ anRwerod! " I am a pretty good ! Cynthia, delighted to be on such good terms with her stepson. , . , " Shall I wash the tea-things ? she asked, when breakfast was over and Joshua had gone ° U « I've washed 'em for the last four-andtwentv veare, and I shouldn't like harm to come to them," answered Judith, politely; « you needn't trouble about it, Mrs. Haggard. All Wve goTto do is to amuse yourself; you^e the mistress here, and it's your place to be waited on." , « But indeed, Miss Haggard, I have never been accustomed—" protested Cynthia. "What vou mav have been accustomed to has nothing to do with it," replied Judith. " You are mv brother's wife, and you shall be treated as such. There's the best parlour, when vou like to sit bv yourself. We haven t used it on workadays; but of course that's no reason whv vou shouldn't () . " I had rather sit in the room you use, said Cvnthia. oppressed by so much courtesy ; "I should be very sorry to cause any trouble or alteration in your life." Naomi was somewhat restless in her goings in and out, and ap and down stairs, between breakfast and dinner, on this particular morning. having an idea that, as Oswald had not paid her his accustomed visit yesterday, he was likelv to come early to-day: and she was anxious to be the first to tell him of the startling change that had taken place in the household, to soften the edge of his resentment should he be inclined to resent this act of her father's. She had not quite realised the fact that no one had any right to question Joshua's disposal of his own life. There were the usual morning tasks: a batch of starched curtains to be ironed on the board in front of the kitchen-window—the best parlor to be dusted and beeswaxed—flowers to be trimmed and watered. But throughout her performance of these duties Naomi was listening or watching for Oswald's coming. Dinner-time came, however, and no Oswald. Joshua went out directly after dinner, and Judith retired to her stronghold behind the counter. Cynthia and Jim started for their walk to ilatcheily Wood, and Naomi was standing at the parlor-window, in her afternoon-dress, in that quiet hour of the declining day when the 6ky takes a golden tinge above distant woods. She had been watching some time, when she saw her lover coming round the bend of the road, walking slowly till he caught sight of her, and then quickening his pace, and approaching her with a smile. She went out to the garden-gate to meet him, and they went to the garden together, instead of going into the dull old house. They greeted eech other with the tranquil affection of lovers whose future happiness is secure, whose present bliss is undisturbed by outward influences or inward doubts. " Why didn't you come yesterday evening, Oswald I" " Because my lather took it into his head to be unusually conversational, and I did not like to leave him without a listener. I thought could make amends for last night's self-denial by coming to tempt you out for a morning ramble in the woods; but this morning the Squire discovered that he was not well enough to keep an appointment with his tenant at Chale, and sent me off to represent him ; 60 after a ten-mile ride upon Heme I had to walk about a farm all the morning, heaving complaints and excuses, and inspecting improvements of whose nature or advantage I had only the vaguest idea, yet about which I knew I should haveto stand a raspiug cross-examination on ray return. " Poor Oswald! " I'm afraid I never was made to grow rich out of the soil, Naomi. And did you really iniss me, dearest % That would be a wonderful admission from you. you don't often gratify my self-esteem by letting me think myself necessary to your happiness. ".Oswald ! " shesaid, with a tender reproachfulness in the serious eyes, which meant much more than words. " You would have me believe that love's best language is silence," he answered, playfully ; " hut I sometimes wish you were just a little more given to sweet words." "There are some feelings that are too sacred to he 6pokeu of lightly. If it should heaven to put my affection to the test, you would not find it wanting." " I believe that, dear. I have a measure less faith in your truth and constancy, only I am exacting enough to sigh for a little more warmth as well. There are moments in which I have asked myself, Is this love, or only a sublimated friendship 1 We have schooled ourselves to such perfect tranquillity; we have so stifled #11 tho agitations . and emotions which poets depict aslove's necessary adjuncts —nay, love's very atmospherp—that I have found,myself asking, Is it,really love I or is it, some calmer, softer, holier feeling, sucli as tho X h might be breathed through a cornet communicated by martyr to martyr ^ °f dL rfgh on the pathway to the stoke f m » P g f g P £ , ove is ^ke the love your poets write about, Oswald-tha^ court poet, for instance, who was ml oyewjth AmorTand Sacharissa at the same time-bu I know that if my life were weighed against it, love would conquer life." '« Mv dearest," cried Oswald, tenderly drawing her to him, " I will never say these foolish things again. Yours is the true love your, are the depth and steadfastness; and I am a shallow wretch who cannot properly understand any feeling that does not gush forth in a torrent of words. Darling, I will trust you, and believe implicitly in the love that is not 10 U They had come to the end of the garden, and tothat green oasis of grass-plot where there were a bench and table under the shade of trees whose leaves were now fast falling, or hanging limp and vellew on the dark brown brandies. It was one of those still autumnal afternoons , n which the earth seems to rest in a dreamy ilence, as if wearied bv summer's long pageant. Her corn is garnered, her fruits are stored, she has done her work, this faithful Mother Earth, and she folds her hands in the soft September atmosphere and composes herself for winter's long sleep. " My Naomi, how grave you are 1 said Oswald, when they had strolled to the wilderness without a word on either side. " I have something to tell, Oswald," she answered, looking at him anxiously. " Nothing bad, I hope. No postponement of our marriage ?" "No. It is something about my father, something that will surprise you very much— ])erhaps shock vou." Oswald was puzzled. He had been taught to consider Joshua Haggard a rich man—a man who made money fast and spent it slowly; but Naomi's manner suggested trouble of some kind, and he could only imagine financial difficulty. " You mean that your father's business is not so profitable as we believe," he said ; " he has some apprehension of failure ?" " It is nothing about business. My father has married again, Oswald. He brought his wife home to us yesterday evening." Oswald gave a long sigh of astonishment. " That is a surprise 1 But as long as it does not make you unhappy, darling—and I don't see why it should, as you'll soon be out of a stepmother's pow<»r—itcan't makeanydifference to me. Who is the lady 1 Is she very grim and awful 1" " She is very pretty, and younger than I." " You don't mean it?" "I hope you won't despise iny father, Oswald!" said Naomi. " DespiBe him for marrying a pretty young woman instead of an ugly old one. No, my dear, I am not so inhuman. The fact is sudden enough to be startling, but it is not unnatural. And a pretty girl will hardly be a gorgon as a stepmother. You are not very much afraid of her, are you, Naomi ?" " Poor child ! I think she is more inclined to be afraid of me. It is such a relief to have told you, Oswald. You will not think any tbe worse of my father, will you dear ?" "Think worse of him for being human enough to fall in love! No, Naomi; I am too deeply entangled in the meshes my6elf not to have a fellow-feeling for another prisoner in the net. And for a man of your father's age love is a very serious business. Cupid has a stronger grip upon sober manhood than on shallow and frivolous youth. Tell me all about it, dear,. Who is the lady ? Young, you say, and pretty 1 Do I know her 1 Have I ever seen her ? Is she one of your Bethelites!" "No, Oswald ; she's quite a stranger. She wasnever at Combhaven till yesterday evening." " Aid do you know nothing about her Naomi was silent. Here was a divided duty. Oswald, as her future husband, had a right to possess her confidence; yet loyalty to her father demanded that Bhe should keep the secret of his wife's lowly origin ; and 6he had some sense of personal shame iu the idea that her father's wife had been one little year ago a houseless wanderer upon the country-side, without name or friends—a waif, whose only history was of starvation and ill-usage. " Is she vulgar or disagreeable in any way asked Oswald, taking Naomi's silence as an evidence of embarrassment, and picturing to himself some miller's blowsy-cheekod daughter, or worse, perhaps,the vivacious handmaid of a roadside inn, " No; she is gentle and quiet. I do not think you will dislike her. I only feared that you might think my father foolish for having chosen such a young wife," The church-clock struck five, the inevitable tea-time; and Naomi turned to leave the wilderness, where the patriarchal ferns were already |3rown And yellow, while youugcr varieties ;s£ill'retimed their; tender green (To be continued.) 