HISTORIC SLANG. W© open the book ;it random, ana aeter iniue to seize the first that comes, which happens to be, " You cannot say Jt>o! to a goose." How often have we relieved our feeliug3 of irritation at the weakness of others by hurling this phrase at them! Had they only known its origin, they could have paid us back in our own coin, and made us feel very small indeed. But though we almost hesitate to arm them with a weapon which they may turn against ourselves, we must be conscientious, and do what we have under taken. Thestoryis this:—When Ben Jonson, the dramatist, was introduced to & nobleman, the peer was so struck with his homely ap pearance that he exclaimed, " What! you are Ben Jonson? Why, you Ivok as if you could not say Bo! to a goose.'' '' Bi!" ex claimed the witty dramatist, turning to the peer and making his bow. From geese we pass on to cats, which are very emblematic in slang, and in the phrase "Letting the cat out of the bag" we are reminded of its thievish ancestry. " It was formerly a trick amongst country folks to substitute a cat for a sucking pig. and bring it in a bag to market. If any greenhorn chose to buy a pig in a poke—that is, a blind bargain without examining the contents of the bag—all very well; but if he opened the sack * he let the cat out of the bag,'and the trick was discovered." And so the phrase passed into common use as apply ing to any one who let out a sacrec. " Who will bell the cat'}" became another popular phrase, and is taken from the fable of the cunning old mouse who suggested that thay should hang a bell round the cat's neck, so th.it due warning might be had of her approach. The idea was approved of by all the mice present; there was only one draw back to it: " Who was to hang tke bell round the cat's neck!" Or, in shorter words, " Who was to bell the cat?" Not one of them was found ready to run the risk of sacrificing his own life for the safety of the others, which is now the recognised meaning of the proverb. " Fighting like Kilkenny cats" is another slang simile, taken from a story that two cats once fouglit bo ferociously in a sawpit that they left nothing behind them but their tails —which ^tory is an allegory, and supposed to represent two towns in Ki'kenny that con tended so " stoutly about boundaries and rights to the end of the seventeenth oentury that they mutually impoverished euch other." Haw common is the expression, 11 Oh, she is down in ^ho dnmps"^-that is, out of spirts. This is a very uncieiit slang phrase, and is supposed to bo derived irom " IJumpoa, King of Egypt, who built a pyramid and died of melancholy bo that the thieves aud gipsies are not all to blame for having given us a few expressive words! We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of us ; it is the ghost that haunts us at. Christmas time, and pursues us more or less throughout the new year—it is the word dun." It is a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, and is derived from the Saxon word " dunau," to din or clamour. It owes its immorality, so tradition says, to having been the surname of one Jfoe Dun, a famous bailitf of Lincoln in the reign ef Henry Vlt., who was so active and dexter ous in collecting bad debts that when any one " became slow to pay," the neighbours used to say: " Dun him"—that is send Dun after him. " Draw it mild" and " come it strong" have their origin in music, being the terms used by the leader of a;t orchestra when he wishes his violin-layers to play loud or gently. From this they have passed into synonyms for exaggerators and boasters, who are requested either to moderate their statements or to astonish their audience. The word " coach" in these day3 it is a pain fully familiar one, as parents know who hare to employ tutors to assist their sons to swallow the regulation amoupt of " cram" necessary for competitive examination. The word is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology. It is a* pun upon the term " gottiug on fast." To get on fast you must take a coach ; you cannot get on fast in learn ing without a private . tutor—:ergo, a private tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slang is "a regular brick that is, a jolly fellow ; and how the simile is logically deduced is amusing enough. A briok; is " deep-red so a. " deep reacv" i19.au is a brick. To read like a brick to, read until you are deep " read." A deep-read man is, in university phrase, a "good man a good man is a " jolly fellow" with non- leading men; ergo, a jolly fellow is a " brick."— Chambers's Journal. 