The sitb-marino cable which connects us with Europo is undoubtedly n vury groat boon, and ono which wo would bo vt-ry sorry to loso ; but what botwoon tho enormous exponscs of tho messages and tho cxtremo difficulty of iinditiu in tho old country nmn who know what is looked for in this uower ono, the arrival of tho English mail is looked forward to with almost as much interest as at any previous period. For proof of this nee tho numbors who eagerly dovuur tho homo newspapers immediately after their delivery, nud tho many discussions that crop up as soon as tho omissions of tho wiro correspondents aro filled in. Tho detailed nows just 'to hand by tho Assam will be found peculiarly to to those who believe in Beauousfitld aud conservatism of tho deepest shade of blue. The good people we have, many of us, "left bohiud fie, were, on tho doparturo of the innil, still straining their throats in loudly lauding tho author of " Lo- thair." Othora were possibly engaged in the more difficult task of cmloavoriug to reconcile his younger aud more healthy lews of Liberalism with tho Tory pro clivities by which his later days lmvo been distinguished ; but of all this we sou nothing in our summary. No doubt, the name brilliant writer who onco sought — and, wo believe, honestly sought— to "level upwards," is now teaching the off spring of his tenantry to sing God bless the Earl and his relations, And keep us iu our proper stations. However, a largo section of tho people of England wero still in ecstacies uvor his triumphant roturn from Berlin, mid there was, apparently up to the clearing out of the mail steamer, much crowing over Lord Bcaconsfield's ponce, which will, ore ioug, bo regarded ns tho bloodiest record in tho book of time. Befoic he had reached London tho ground was reddened by tho flowing wounds of tho pacified ; and tho electric wiro has almost over since thrilled with the groans of tho dying. His Lordship has long boon regnrdod as mi onignrn ; and it is clear that, by many, he has notyot been found out. It isscarcoly likoly that during his lifetime he will be ; and it will be for tho future historian to tell, after a fitting lapse of time, how greatly ho conduced to tho continued enslavomout of tho masses, without tho customarily aggravated M. Wostininstcr Abbey will rcceivo him with open arms, and nobles will fight for the honor of boaring a portion of his pall ; but eternal Truth will ultimately assert herealf, and tho pandercrs to tho conservative senti ment which is still so strong in England will in time, if they liro long enough, repent the error of their ways and throw ovorboard his memory as they will no longorhavo himself to cast awsy. They will then bo justly taunted with having rojccted the wise counsels of such men as William Ewart Gladstono and John Bright — mon who have always had tho oourage of their opinions, and who never sold thomselvcB for office, place, and pay. Before tho signnturo of tho treaty of tho so-called ponce had dried upon the paper now disturbances aroso ; and' the cable, defective ns it is, 1ms scarcely ever since coascd to inform us of new scenes of bloodshed. Whatever limy bo the morils of tho Gartered Earl of Bea- consfield, tho gift of prophecy does not seem to bo one of them, as re now find that in a speech made by him on his roturn from Berlin ho committed himself to tho following high-flying remarks " Lord Salisbury and myself have brought back peace, but a penco I hope with honor, and such a penco ns will satisfy our Sovereign and gratify our country. I can say no inoro than express my gratitude and pride for tho sympathy you have. shown us at this trying moment. I gather from this great assembly that you will always support a Government that supports tho honor of England." Whilst theso glowing words wore making tho banquoting ball "ring again," Russia was buying more vessels of war, and Austria was approach ing Herzegovina without an olivo branch. Wo all know what has sinco occurred ; and to soiiio of us it must bo vory pnlpablo that an ordinary declaration of war would bo more pacific than Lord Beaconsiicld's most wrotchodly patchod up " poaco." His Lordship's star is, however, in tho ascendant, and it is tho boundon duty of all true toadies to grcaso tho larded pig. As his Lordship has found it convenient and profitable) to abjure Judaism, he will not bo offendod at our allusion to pork. Legislative Council,— Tn tho Legislative Council last evening tho Main Lino Railway Intorust Bill was discussed in commiltco by Messrs. Chapman, Grubb, and Dr. Crowther, Mr. Grubb proposed that after tho sum £.50,482, the following provisos bo added, as amendments Tho said interest to bo paid, providod tho Railway Company gavo a dis charge to the Government of the payment of nil guaranteed interest due to tho 30th June lost ; and that if the company refuses to comply with such terms, the colony bo not hold liable for any interest, notwithstanding anything in the said bill contained. Dr. Crowther characterised tho amendments proposed by Mr. Grubb to 1)0 in keeping with tho whole of the transactions of the Government in rcferenco to tho Main Lino Railway — thnt of shuffling ; and that tho effect of tho Council adopting tho amend ments proposed would lower the colony in tho estimation of tho public at homo, and deprcciato their credit on tho Stock Ex change. At 25 minutes to .9 o'clock tho Hou8o adjourned till 4 o'clock to-day. Stonino a Pic. — John Griffiths, who was roported by the local press as diaving beon guilty of gross .cruelty., towards a pig, was charged with the offence at tho Police Court yesterday. Tie. pleaded guilty, and the Police Magistrate inflicted a penalty of £2, and costs, 14s. Gd, — Launccstou Correspon dent, - Not Even a Molk-iiill. — Aftor groping through an ainbijnious uiist of characteristic bad English, and penetrating the entangle ment of exaggeration which comprised the local in our contemporary's issue of yester day, headed "Cruol Treatment," wo were more puzzled to discover any other reason for such a tirade than that some pemnul animus must be tho motive power which actuated the writer of it. In order to plnco our readers in possession of the true merits of tho case in question, wc have made enquiries, mid have discovered that the hul referred to arrived iu tho institution on Wednesday, suffering from a fracture of ono of tho bones of tiic fore arm, the result of a fall from a tree. Ho was accompanied by a lad of H>, and two about lus own age. Another man, who appem-ed to take an interest in the sufferer, was present during the work of setting the fracture, which wns performed by the house surgeon without delay. The splints used were anything but " decidedly rude and primitive," but wurc of the best description, ami only recently imported from London. Although full dis cretion is permitted the house surgeon to admit any ease he deems necessary, this one was not dcemud of such u serious nature to warrant such a step. Tho bov left tho insti tution, and wan met outside the gate by tho worthy editor of tho "Mercury, who was on the look-out for ferocious cows, or making a Hying survey of tho route for the street tramway. The idea that not even the gate keeper or messenger was found to take the lad home shocked those animal feelings which aro more susceptible than the high moral senses of the universal fault-finder. It is a compliment to tho hospital management tlmt our contemporary should find fault with its smallest act, for tho public have reason to know that tho picturo is always tho reverse of that presented to them through his columns. Kunkral ok .Mil Morton Alm-out.— The remains of the late Mr. Morton Allport were consigned to their last resting place, in the Queonboroiigli Cemetery, yesterday after noon. The funeral wan one of the largest aeen in this city for many years. In addi tion to the mourners, who numbered quite 300, a largo crowd of pcoplo assembled, many of whom found entrance to All Saints' Church, where the Revs. C. Brumby and J. V. Buckland conducted tho lirst portion of tho beautiful burial service of the Anglican Church. Tho Very Rev. Archdeacon Davics road the service at tho grave. Thu pall bearers wero their Honors the Chief Justice and tho I'uistio Judge, Sir James Milne Wilson, K.G.M.G., and the hon. W. R. Giblin, tho 1'roinier. The followors were ail accommodated with carriages, so that the cortege was of great length. Wc found we were in error in stating that tho deceased gentleman was a native, as ho was born in England u short timo aftor his fathor left that country. Mr. Curzon Affport, his brother, arrived at Launccston yesterday from Melbourne, but of course was not pre sent at the funeral. Victorian Mail Arranurmenth. — Minis ters have made up their minds, cays the "Argus," to <-all for tenders for a postal sorvice via Suez aud Brindisi, on account of this colony only. To enter into nogociations with thu other colonios would involve u wasto of time, and there is none to josu if full publicity is to be given to tho tenders, ami of course Victoria will be ready to co operate with the neighboring Governments oti Uio moat friendly basis. Assurances of tills nature will be despatched to the respective Postmasters General. At pre sent the intentions of the Government arc not fully matured, but it seems probablo that they will call for alternative tcudurs for services touching at Galle or Aden, and also for a through service from Melbourne to England, that is to stay, for a service per formed by ono boat without transhipment of cargo or passengers. Tho opiniou of tho Government appears to be strongly in favor of the last-mentioned arrangement. The Chief Secretary has hnd a further interview with Messrs. Anderson and Green, of the Orient line, and it can now be definitely stated that these gentlemen will not submit a private offer for a Capo line, but will tender for tho Suoz service. It is hoped that preliminary notices oftendors being invited will bu reaily to he sent homo by tuo Lusi- tania, which leaves for England on the 13th until. , inn kiiu wurcrumcnc win i.iko parlia ment into their confidence before committing themselves to any plan of operation. It is known that tho now contract with tho V . and 0. Company is on an I l-kuot basis. A Case of Stadiiino. — A man named John Charles Montgomery, residing iu Liverpool- street, applied to the nolico station yester day for tho assistance ot a constable, stating that he intended visiting tho house of another man named Joseph Graham, and there making a seizure upon furniture which Graham hail bought from him and not paid for. An officer was sent with strict instructions not to go into tho hoiiso, but, if any disturbance took place in the street, to uso his discretion and arrest tho offenders. The house was reached, and Montgomery entered ; and wliilo thero he alleges that lie wns stabbed in the car by Graham. Ho retired to the wutclihouse, and obtnincd a warrant for his assailant's arrest, and Detective Simpson executed it, lodging Graham at tho station. The ease will bu called on this morning at the police court. A Boat Accident. — A fisherman, named Samuel Wcssering, arrived by tho ketch Sir Wilfred Lnwson from Sonthport yesterday, having mot with an accident to his boat. From him wc lenrn that he was fishing by himself off tho Black Blufif> not far from Sonthport on Sunday morning. As lie wns turning the boat round witli the steer oar, the strop which held it was carried away, which, causing the boat to lurch, he fell overboard. He swain after the boat again, but, as it was drifting too fast, ho made for the shore. He had a hard struggle to reach it, being quite exhausted when Tic arrived at tho rocks. Jlo had to rcstsomo timo before ho attempted to scale the cliffs, which aro vory stoop at that spot. Aftor a great deal of risk niul trouble ho managed to reach the summit, and ho walked to Soutbport. Another fisherman, named Hndlcy, offered his assistance, and thoy went round to the ptaco where the capsizo occurred to look for the lost boat. ' They found her on the rocks very much damaged by tile surf. The gear, with a few exceptions, was also gone, as was niso tho fish which had beeu left in the well, and the ownor's bedding and other property. The derelict was towed into Southport, where she will remain till sent up to town for repairs. Allrded Perjury. — A chargo laid by Whitehouso Brothers against Thomas Ash- wood, the water bailiff, of h&viug; committed porjnry in connection with the recent cose of fish poaching, was decided at Gleuorchy yes terday morning. The contention wns thnt tho defendant had sworn to the presence of William Whitehouso, sen., and Thomas Whitohousc In the boat on the night in ques tion, when they wero not thorc, Air. Crisp, who appeared for the. defendant .contended that it must ho proved that lus client wil fully "committed perjury. The Bonch were of the same opinion, and dismissed the in formation. Theatre Royal. —In their laudablo desiro to afford the groatcst amount of satis faction to the greatest number of playgoers, Messrs. Barry and Byrne set down three x»cces for the fast-oxpiring week ; but they reckoned without their patrons, as the first, namely "Baby," got what our Yankee friends would call a " grip" on tlicin, and it will consequently be reproduced this ovening, though tho "ColleeuBawn" was tho work in tended to bo put upon tho boards. Manauors of theatres are rather lteon judges of pitblio opinion, so far as it uffects their interests, nud in tho present enso it is quite clear that no mistako has bcon inado. Tho " Octo roon" wns repeated last night, and several of tho dramatis persomo wero again loudly applauded. Assaulting the Police.— A man named John Sullivan, who has bton known at the polico court for .many years, was arrested yesterday afternoon on a chargo of being im plicated in the recent assault oh the polico in Melville-strcct. He will be brought up this morning, mul, as there is strong evi dence against him, ho is likely to be severely punished for his misdeeds. Testimonial to Tasmania's Cricketer, — The suggestion that Tasinanians should show their Appreciation of tho cricketing skill dis played by their representative in tho Aus tralian team iu their contests with English knights of tho willow, lias boon actively taken up by a number of Launccston gentle men. A meeting was held on Wednesday evening, nt tho Criterion Hotel, with Mr, T. W. Thomuv in the chair. Tho following resolutions wore carried (1.) That in re cognition of tho brilliant manner in which Mr. George H. Bailey, the Tasmania!) repre sentative in tho combined Australian ; team, has distinguished himself in the different matches against English clubs, he bo pre sented with a suitable souvonir on his return from J'higlaml. (2.) That thu amount of each subscription shall not oxcced half-a- crown. (3.) Thnt a general committee he appointed, to consist of the presidents aud secretaries of Tusmanian clubs, and Messrs. other gentlomoti throughout the colony |. (4.) That Messrs. U. \». Rocher, J. W. Brown, H. Watson, T. Hogg, F. C. Hob- kirk, G. T. Collins, W. If. Dmlcry, and Dr. Maddux be requested to act as an oxccutivo committee. Mr. T. W. Thomas was elected treasurer, ami Mr. T. R. Atkinson secretary. — Launoeston Correspondent. The " Demon Bowler."—" Vanity Fair" of July 13 lias a capital full-length portrait of tho "demon bowler," the name by which Mr. Spoffurth is known in English cricketing circles. Like previous sketches, by tho same artist, of " men of the day," tho like ness exaggerates the peculiarities of face and figure so well known here, but it falls short of caricature. In its letterpress, " Vanity Fair" supplies the following information concerning the parentage of the "demon bowler " " Bora one and twenty years ago in Sydney, Mr. Spuffbrth is Australian by origin ami breeding, yet, like all the better kind of Australians, lie is not distinguishable from an English gentleman. He comes, in deed, of a good i£ugiiidi family, being the son of tho lato Mr. Edward .Spofforth, of Howden, Yorkshire, who some 40 years ago distinguished himself by accompanying Captain, afterwards Sir George, Grey on nn expedition to rescue the survivors of nil exploring party which had adven tured into the interior. Ho subsequently married in New Zealand tho duughtor of Captain McDonnell, one of the earliest settlers iu that colony, established himself near Sydney, and in due cour.sc of time pre sented to his adopted colony the boy who ban become known as 'the Demon Bowler.' Mr. Spofforth has been affected to the trade of banking, which lie is still learning, rather than practising, in the New South Wales Bank. Tho love of athletic pastimes, which has been imported from home by tho Aus tralian colonics only to be iucroAscd and improved upon, scizod him at an early ago, and from his school days up lie has l>cc>i known for his quick uyc, true hand, aud good judgment as a bowler. He is withal of excellent manners, modest, and diffident, and has bccomo a favorite with all who liave known him in England. One of his sisters married a brother of Lady Lytteltou, wIioko stup-aous arc considered by tho Australian cricketers to be the finest batsmen they have encountered since their urrivul in Eng land." Tint Admiralty Survey. — Wc lourn from Die "Argus" that the transfer of the Admiralty survey from Victoria to this ; colony is conditional upon our Government sharing thu cost of completing tho Bass's Straits survey with the Imperial Govern ment. Jt is said that our Government have agreed to thu jnvqwsal. Benefit to Miss Siikuwjn. — From a tele gram appearing in the " Argus" wo learn tlmt Miss Amy Sherwiu's benefit nb the Victoria Theatre, Sydney, on Saturday night, was a great success, the house being crowded. Concert atBullkrive. — The opportunity afforded of enjoying a very pleasant evening at Bullerivc was embraced last mght by a large numlier of visitors from town, who proceeded thither by O'May's steamers. The object of attraction was the concert given by several ( amateurs of the district, assisted by some friends nud sympathisers from town. Thero were some choice selections of vocal and instrumental music given, amongst which was "Tho Song of Neptune," by Mr. A. Watcborn, who was encored. The Misses Wostbrook also contributed largely to the pleasure of tho audience. The ever- popular .'a roe of " Box and Cox " was intro duced, the characters being ably sustained by three young gentlemen. Temperance. — An entertaining tempor- nnce mooting was held in the Alliance Rooms last .evening, admission being free. There was a fair attendance. Music, rendings, and addresses were roudercd by aovcral ladies and gentlemen, who assisted to pass away a very pleasant evening, D'Aroy Read's Ghost. — Thero was a fair house last evening to witness this clover illusimmry entertainment. The proprietor lias had no reason to regret the great trouble ho had iu getting his extensive paraphernalia into tho hall. To-night is announced ns the last occassion on which the uutertaiument will bo given hero, The Launoeston Standing Case. — Yes terday morning the Polico Magistrate, accompanied by Superintendent Coulter, attended at tho General Hospital, and took the depositions of tho girl Sophia Jackson, who is suffering from a punctured wound iu her back, supposed to have been inflicted by her stepfather, William Turner. Turner was present, in custody, at the taking of the depositions. The girl is still in a very dan gerous condition, — Launccston Correspon dent, Scene tn the Victorian Asdemuly. — Mr. Gaunson is beginning to receive many delicate attentions from his old friends. Mr,. Woods interrupted him on Tuesday (says the "Argus") with remarks about "Botany Bay blood," and again he expressed an opinion that several generations must elapse beforo the future Gaunsons will have skins less thick than the hide of a rhinoceros. Mr. Gaunsou is quite at home iu the bandying of compliments of this character. He objected to Mr, Woods being called to order, as he Erofcssed a certain pleasuro in Boeing the on. gentleman make nn imlocent exhibition of himself. As to the taunt that any deceased relative of his wns a convict, lie flung it back not only as an indecency, but as a gross untruth ; but, on the other hand, ho declared that if any ordinary civil ser vant had used £21)00 of the stato fnnde for his own purposes, as Mr. Woods had done, ho would have been placed upon his trial as a thief. " I have heard of an hon. member," continued Mr. Gaunson, "who years, ago was a moro hireling in the HouBe for Williams and Little." "Then you heard a lie," retorted Mr. Woods. There was a good deal of surprise in tlio committee that the Chairman did not interfere and stop tho unseemly wrangle. We draw attention to the sale of heavy draught, light harness, and hack horscK, at Conloy's, New Town, this day, at 11 o'clock, by Roberts aud Co. Asacrod concert will bo given in the Congre gational Cbureli, Brighton, tins evening, in aid of the harmonium fund, visitors from town will bo conveyed by special train, leaving tlio terminus nt half-past live o'clock, and returning after the concert. Tickets, may bo obtained at Walch and Sons. The board of management of tho Y oung Men's Christian Association meets tills evoning. at 8 o'clock, at the Biblo Depot. Tlio niinunl costume football match of tlio City Football club is announced to come off to-morrow afternoon. Tho ploughing match at Sorell takes place to-aay, at Mr, CrackneU's, Belmont. There will bo competition in four classes, besides the champion event and as there aro numerous entries some closo work may bo expected. Other sports hnvo been arranged to occupy the holiday folk. An entertainment consisting of charades, vocal and instrumental music, will bo ' given. nt the Richmond Library on Tuesday ovening, tho 17th inst. Prizes will be givou for tlio beat and worst commdruma. Clarke's Gaiety Troupo- is announced to appear nt the Tasnianian Hall on Monday next. Uio artistes it comprises are favorably knoivn.' They are— Mri Silvester; jun., the son of the celebrated Fakir of Oolu ; Voltaire, a ventriloquist; and Miss Minnie Nordt. The company have been highly spokou of by tho Northern prow, / t v 