MR. KINSMAN REPLIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE rMEBCCT. Sir,-Mr. Caton in dealing with the Catechism ssys,--" In baptism therefore a child is made a member of Christ, the child of God; for being in baptism made mem bers of Christ we become, by adoption sons of God. Then also we become heirs of God, and joint heirs with Christ of the kingdom of heaven;" and quotes 1st John 3 ch. 1st v.--" Behold what manner of love the Father bath bestowed upon us that we should be called the sons of God;" and also 3 Gal. 29 v. But these references have nothing to do with infant baptism, they are spoken to adults. It is faith and not baptism that makes us heirs; Read the 26th and 27th verses-" For ye are all the children of God by faith (not baptism) in Christ Jesus for as many of you as have been baptised unto Christ have put on Christ." I still maintain from these texts and the context that no one is made a child of God 'by baptism. And here I would 'state the opinion of a clergyman of the Church of England, even at the risk of being considered "with dealingvery largely in extracts from speeches of other gentle men," and as I am treated by my learned friend as one without sufficient authority when I do speak. Endorsing now all that the Rev. Octavius Winslow, D.D., says on this point, I hope that it will come with 'some authority:-" I speak emphatically when I say that I will give place to no man living in my profound abhorrence of the doctrine of baptismal regeneration. I be lieve it to be one of the most insidious ensnaring and fatal heresies which the genius of error ever invented. From the treacherons side of this plank, gory with the blood of souls, thousands have slidden into the dark abyss. Substituting an out ward visible rite for the internal work of the Holy Ghost in the spiritual regenera tion of the souL" Confirmation Service. Here Mr. Caton says is a prayer put into the mouth of a bishop, and he is to say that God has for given the young people who kneel before him, and that the bishop is sure of it. If they are not rank hypocrites, for they have been for weeks under special instruction by their clergyman. But can we wonder at finding rank hypocrites if the special instructions by their clergyman be such as explained by Mr. Caton in his teaching of the catechism. I fear there are few con firmations held without some " rank hypocrites." but I would use the word formalists such I have known. Then ad mitting there are such, where is the bishop's prayer ? It is, as I before said, too much for any mortal man to say, and the prayer ought to be altered, notwithstanding the belief of Mr. Caton. In the Burial Service Mr. Caton flounders, admitting that he may be very blind. Let it be so, but Mr. Editor others can see, and I am satisfied. In objecting to my omission of the Com mination Service, Mr. Caton says that he thinks that the discipline would do good in these degenerate days. That is on Ash Wednesday penance should be made, the penitent appearing covered with sackcloth, and in his naked feet, be turned out of the church doors, &c.; But if I may judge from the service of Ash Wednesday held in St. Paul's, Melbourne, the bishop surely differs in his opinion from Mr. Caton, as no part of the service for Ash Wednesday was read. The oft repetition of the Lord's Prayer I have often heard church people speak against. Four times I have heard it re peated at morning service, but this public repetition has nothing to do with Christ's agony and private prayer in the garden. And instead of having done away with the Master's sublime prayer, we have made it more impressive by the solemn and slower reading of it once, than the thrice quick and hasty repetition of it at one service. I am next scornfully 'sneered at for having ventured an opinion upon preaching without sufficient authority, yet surely a man who has been a teacher, hearer, and preacher for forty years, is entitled to his own views. I am not so presumptiously arrogant or self-conceited as my learned friend would make me appear, as to think myself equal in this respect to our Lord or his disciples, and how Mr. Caton can make such a statement from my lecture is sur prising, he must think that I am very vain, or is he judging me by himself; but ridicule is not argument. And again in disdain he falsely adds,-" Mr. Kinsman assumed the pastoral office because he had differences with some in authority, no doc trinal disputes occurring at the time, and now dares to do what the united wisdom of the church has rightly refrained from doing for the last 200 years viz., alter the Prayer Book:." Yes, we have revised it, and with the revisers in London, as stated in their preface of the Revised Prayer Book, let me say--"This revision has been attempted owing to the omission on the part of those in place of authority to bring about one of an official character." In the Church Assembly, 29th October, 1856, Mr. Caton will find that I dared do there what I could then in altering the Church Service. Mr. Kinsman moved, pur suant to notice,-" That'the inconvenience and trying length of the Sunday Morning Service, both physically and mentally, is beyond the capabilities of a large portion of the community, and that a separation of the Litany or Communion Service would be a great relief to many, not that any portion of the church's prescribed service should be omitted, but only that the period of its taking place be altered. That the Communion Service be omitted in the Morning Prayer, except on the Sunday morning when the Holy Communion is ad ministered, and then the Litany may be omitted, but shall not be imperative upon the clergy and their congregations who are indisposed to effect any change." And yet strange to say this most desirable motion was lost. Mr. Caton in his last reply appears to agree with me, as he cannot see anything to answer, except my alleged contradictions, but he must allow the readers to judge for themselves. His closing insinuations of a faithful son, a warrior, and a devoted cap tain is very good. And now in conclusion I would say that he is a worse son who would live in idleness on his aged mother, and impoverish her by his extravagance, and stabbing her in the dark would leave her for the parish to bury. True a warrior will tightly grasp his country's flag, and hold it till death, but a warrior of the Cross of Christ will leave the world, and will fight manfully under Christ's banner unto his life's end; and a devoted captain will stand on his deck even when it is breaking up under his feet. But vengeance will follow that captain who, for the sake of filthy lucre, would endanger the lives of all his passengers by sailing in a known leaky, and not sea-worthy ship, if she founders at sea and all perish, though he may be found on the deck, yet his would be a most dishonorable death. Leaving the readers to judge for themselves, and thanking you, Mr.Editor, for the generous way you have so fally inserted the subject on both sides. I remain, youra obediently, \- . KINSMAN. 