building, roads and bridges Alloftheso no doubt are desirable objects, but most of them are properly chargeable to local funds, and should be allowed to lie over until the various municipal bodies' are in a position to undertake them This M stem of paying for strictly local works out of state funds is liable to great abuse It is, moreover, altogether un- justifiable when we are about to borrow money to lay out on Parliament-houses and law courts, which are legitimate objects of national expenditure The proposal to disburse current revenue on TOUCH works, and to borrow for national buildings, is very important, owing to the indirect consequences which must follow its adoption. It will have the effect of greatly increasing the amount available for works of communication or cone mence, and, heterodox as the opinion may TOpcai to many this is not desirable It is well, doubtless, to go on furnishing the country, but we cannot press for said too hurriedly without endangering the stability of things As matters are at present in this colony, it is possible to force improvement to such an extent as to make it a positive danger and drawback to the community if we were in daily receipt of additions to our supply of labour, we could view with equanimity the absorption of any quantity by useful undertakings, more particularly by such as are of a copra ductive nature But while our population is to all intents and purposes stationary, we must preserve something like a fair proportion between producers and distributors, or we shall some day find ourselves in possession of magnificent railways, but with nothing to carry on them, of court-houses without litigants, and a variety of other things, useful or ornamental in their way, but comparatively valueless, in the absence of those vigorous productive industries which he at the root of national prosperity The tendency of all Govern- ments-" Liberal" Governments espo cully to press forward public works in order to maintain wages at a high rate, and Keep the working classes contented, is a great hindrance to the establishment of our industrial pro perty upon a durable and satisfactory basis ____________ Certain figures summing up the results of the last general election, submitted to the Assembly yesterday, were well calculated to make the majority think a little in the moment of the triumphal display of their numbers Mr A K SMITH has been at the trouble to analyse the official returns, and his results are highly in structive in their character There were 181,423 electors on the roll, who possessed the right to cast 314,0'JO votes, some electors, as in Brighton, having one vote only, and others, as in Mandurang, among the privilege of exercising place The votes were cast as follows - Ministerial members 81,102 Opposition members 30,881 Unsuccessful candidates 7,23 Lnpolled loo,87b The Ministerial members, therefore, 10 present only 81,102 votes out of a possible 344,090, or a proportion of 23. percent These hon gentlemen have not behind them one fourth of the electoral roll, and they have not even half of the notes which were actually dropped into the ballot box on the 11th of May The Opposition members and the unsuccessful candidates together out top them in the proportion of tentooight Itwouldbeofthe first moment if we could ascertain how many of the votes given to the unsuccessful candidates belonged to the one side or the other, but these totals elude the grasp All that we can say is that, as a matter of course, a very large proportion indeed must go to the Opposition, be cause it was the beaten side, and no one will deny that the vast majority of defeated candidates belonged to it Mr SMITH S returns do not grapple with this point, but none the less, they put in a strong light that gross imperfection of our electoral system which gives a small majority in the country an over whelming power in the House There is no possible to day of surmounting the fact that the party which has 60 members in a House of 80 has only 81,000 votes behind those members, or less than a quarter of the electorate as a whole, and that it has less than a half of the electors who exercised the franchise Tv of) thinking man must therefore agree with the member for East Melbourne, that though tall talk about the "voice of " the people " may suit liberal oratory, yet it is very much of a sham, and that the majority, to a great extent, is the creature of the accidents of the ballot box Mr BERRY was loud last night in professing a desire to improve the Assembly, and he must see by those figures that if he is in earnest it is a first duty on his part to take steps to give representation to the unrepresented Pio portional representation might destroy his majority, but it would make the House reflex of the country J The second reading of the Ministerial Reform Bill was carried last night, when the amendment proposed by Mr Service was negatived by 99 votes to 22, or a majority for the Government of 37 Trom 8 o'clock Mr Service and Mr Berry, 1>) consent, had the debate to them selves and they addressed in turn a House crowded in all parts Mr Services speech was summed up in the amendment which he submitted at its close, and which declared that a reform of the constitution 13 in I'eratu ely demanded for the purpose of pre- seating financial deadlocks and conflicts between the two Houses in matters of moral legislation, that the Ministerial proposal to make a single House to impose taxes and to expend the public revenue without check is contrary to the principle of the British constitution, and would prove disastrous to the country, and that the wisest course is to refer the question to a select committee of the House for consideration and report Mr Service contends that the bill has disappointed the country and has fallen flat, and he dwelt a length upon the tyranny which would be possible under it 'The House could vote itself i septennial Parliament It could also BO in order to defeat " a tyrannical oligarchy The salaries of members could see increased to 100 per annum, and the bill earL, thus made a money measure, could be passed over the head of the Council in a month Mr Berry, in reply, advised the member for Maldon not to talk too much about the country, or else to the country ment Crs should go, and he would secure a luminous House that way He taunted sick position with being afraid of manhood suffrage and said that they dreaded it needlessly, for not twelve men could be brought together in Victoria who would consent to an unjust law He admitted that the Government had gone outside the Cabinet for an ice about the bill, and he said the late tests of the party returned that course, but as the hall stood the Government meant to pass " "other members spoke well, though in entirely different styles, and both were an Handed by their followers Mr Berry was in good debating form, but he tired before the end and his peroration as to the crimes it has annuities of the Council was spoiled by T , once ejaculating, ' We have heard that ash before The hon gentleman retorted 1 at the country did not think his remarks "ere trash, and that it would on the morrow hail the passage of the bill with delight in every household When the result of the division was announced, it was received with the usual plaudits The majority were anxious to divide on the bill itself, as well as on the amendment, but the Opposition would not respond to the challenge, and allowed the second reading to be taken pro forma Mr Bowman crossed over to the left of the chair that he might call "Divide' and secure the taking of the numbers, but the Speaker ignored him, and was content to count the "Ayes' as they sat, and ascertain that they were that also lute majority of the House which is required to pass a bill amending the Constitution Act When Mr Berry sat down last night the Ministerial side was determined to take a division then and there Mr Angus Macleay was equally determined to make a statement, and the hon. gentleman had to face a storm of cries, and was five minutes on his legs before a word of his utterance could be heard High above the din could be distinguished the inarticulate cries of Mr V L Smyth and half a dozen other members, who, as the Gipps Land representative afterwards stated, had foregone their light to address the house, though their speeches were prepared, and who were mad at the idea of interlopers appearing on the scene, Mr. Mackey rose to say that he should support the amendment, and to advise the minority, when outvoted on that, not to take a division on the bill itself When he had sat down Mr Casey rose and had to fight the house After a rigorous contest, in which Mr Gaunson spoke to points of order, Mr Casey stood with folded arms, and Mr Service was heard above the din ejaculating "That's right, gag him,' the member for Mandurang was allowed a few minutes, in which he explained that he" objected even more to the second clause of the amendment than he did to the bill, and that he must vote against both Mr Casey a remark were cut very short, and no member afterwards cared about facing the House the division was taken, therefore in a quarter of an hour after Mr Berry had finished The division on the Reform Bill was the largest ever taken in the House No less than 81 members voted, and the Speaker makes 82 members present The absentees were Mr M L King on the Ministerial side, and Messrs Fraser, Purves, and Ramsay on the Opposition side, so that the total number stand 25 to 60 No less than 49 members have addressed the House in the course of the debate The early part of the proceedings in the Assembly until the leaders appeared upon the scene and the division drew nigh was by no means of an animated character The House met at 2 o'clock, but the attendance was scant, and continued so until after the dinner hour, hon members not caring to listen to the pro- forma speeches which had to be made The speakers were Messrs O'Hea, A K Smith, Sergeant, Brophy, Cameron, Mason, Sharp, Orr, Rees, Billson, and Hunt, besides Mr Service and the Chief Secretary the House was spared the infliction of one further criticism on the address of Mr Murray Smith, inasmuch as Mr O lieu, said he could not trust his temper to refer to that ration ne elegantly described it as delivered " by a person of the plebeian name of Smith, a petty colonial huckstering trader, and he declared that only its absurdity saved it from his indignation Mr A Iv Smith introduced a decided novelty Whereas other members have quoted Blackstone, Bacon, Story, and Bagehot, the hon. gentleman referred to an address written by an authority named A K Smith, of whom he has an excellent opinion Mr Sergeant delivered his maiden speech, which was distinguished by mildness and length, and generally speaking was of the mutual improvement society type Mr Sergeant goes for the Ministerial measure, and says if the plebmttum is objection- able the Upper House need not call it into existence, but can pass the Assembly s bills, and then no appeal will be necessary The member for Dundas was somewhat hardly treated, for at half-past 4 o'clock he was interrupted by the Speaker, who proceeded to call on private business, although Mr Servant mentioned that he had arrived at his peroration On the motion of Mr Berry, however, private business was postponed for a week, and Mr Sergeant was allowed to per crate Mr Mason's idea of reform of the Council is the application of a " straight jacket ' Mr Sharpe votes for the bill, but does not like all the matter in it, and will insist on amendments in committee and Mr Hunt has his doubts about the plebiscitum The speakers did not leave the beaten track, and there was painful evidence that, so far as the stock of ideas went, the debate had arrived at its legitimate conclusion In replying to the criticism of Mr Gillies and Mr Service on the point, the Chief Secretary yesterday intimated that the repealing proviso in the Ministerial Reform Bill which affects the position of the judges, will be abandoned in committee The Minister of Lands was appealed to yesterday by Messrs R Clark and Sharpe, to discontinue the practice of charging all applicants for land a registration fee of Mr Clark mentioned the case of a man who had applied for land seven times, had been seven times unsuccessful, and had consequently forfeited £7 Mr Longmore, however declined to give way, on the ground that the fee is imposed in order to stop dummy applicants, and that it works in the interest of selectors, by restricting the competition to beneficence However, Mr Longmore says that he will consider whether some regula- tion cannot be framed to meet the case of men whose fees have been forfeited re excitedly A large deputation waited on the Chief Secretary yesterday to present the resolutions passed by the Municipal Conference, which met in Melbourne some months ago, failing ing the desirableness of the Government guaranteeing local bodies loans raised in the London market Mr Berry declined to accept the proposed policy, and stated that it seemed to him that the local bodies had been very generously dealt with by the Government, and that, before asking for further aid, they ought to rate themselves higher than they were at present disposed to do Mr William Ross and the Hon. Robert Simson have been nominated for the Western Province Mr Simson's paper was handed in only just in time, he having been under the impression that Thursday was the nomination day Mr Ross spoke at Warrnambool in the evening, and his speech is reported in another column His address to the electors is also advertised Mr Simson is confined to his house for the present by an attack of illness, and it is doubtful whether he will be able to take an active part in the contest he President of the Legislative Council yesterday issued writs for the election of members (one each) for the North Western and Eastern Provinces, seatBrendered vacant by the retirement by rotation of Mr Robert son and Mr William Wilson The same arrangements are made for the two elections, v ii -Date of issue of writ, August 28 day before which nominations must be made, September 5 , polling day, September 10, return of writ, September 23 Considering how important it is that all persons entitled to votes for the Legislative Council should secure the franchise we again remind those holding electoral rights taken out on or before the 1st September 1877, that the old rights must be renewed on or before Saturday next New rights must also be taken out on or before the same day Electors wishing to obtain information for their guidance can do so on application at the offices of the National Registration Society, 77 Collins street west A valedictory address from Mr T T A Beckett to the electors of the Central Province appears in our advertising columns He expresses his thanks to the electors for the confidence they have shown in him during the past 24 years, and congratulates them on their choice of his successor The San Francisco mail steamer Zealandia arrived at Auckland on Tuesday night, and left for Sydney at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon A telegraphic summary of the news is given elsewhere A very lengthy report from Captain Tul larton, the harbour master, was received by the Harbour Trust Commissioners at their meeting yesterday afternoon, and was ultimately referred to the Works Committee for their consideration and report This document recommended the carrying out of some very extensive dredging works in Hobsons Bay, in order to make the bay available for large ships, as it was stated that some of the steamers which have recently been here were compelled to anchor outside the limits of the port, owing to there not being sufficient water for them According to Captain Fullarton, in order to make Hobsons say what it should be, it would be necessary to remove 5,533,332 cubic yards of silt There were, however, certain temporary works which were urgently required, which would necessitate the removal of 305,000 yards of silt These latter works included the making of a berth at the M Williamstown Breakwater Pier for such steamers as the Lusitania, Whampoa, Chun horse, to, which were now unable to get alongside any pier in the bay when loaded and all their coals on board , making the mouth of the river navigable, so that vessels drawing 14ft of water should not stick aground, as was at present the case, dredging, round the Sandridge railway pier, and other similar works The report was a very exhaustive and valuable one, but it would take years to carry out in its entirety, besides involving an expenditure of about a quarter of a million sterling We learn that the Professorial Board of the University will meet on Saturday next, when the results of the recent matriculation examination. will be published A heavy downpour of rain took place in the city during yesterday afternoon and even at flooding the channels and thoroughly cleansing the streets From the reports of our correspondents we learn that there has been rain in considerable quantity at Ballarat Sandhurst, St Arnaud, Ararat, Geelong and other places The exhibition of sheep by the Australian Sheep breeders Association was fairly at tended yesterday, though the wet weather hindered many from visiting the show The exhibition has been a great success, and has given those who take an interest in such matters an opportunity of seeing what splendid stock the climate and pasture of Victoria can produce Unfortunately some remarkably fine sheep were absent from the show, owing to the owners neglecting to send in their entries in time The presentation of the special prizes will take place at the Victoria Club this evening at 3 o'clock An announcement in our advertising columns directs the manner in which tickets may be obtained A collision occurred near the Spencer street Railway Station yesterday afternoon, between a passenger train and a goods train, which fortunately was not attended with any serious results It appears that at about half-past 2 o'clock a goods train, consisting of a number of trucks which had some little time previously arrived from Williamstown was being shunted from a siding into the goods sheds Several of the trucks containing coal had been detached from the other portion of the goods train containing a cargo of general merchandise, and by some means they had rolled back on to the main line, and before the obstruction could be observed by the engine driver of the 2pm Williamstown passenger tram, which was then due a Spencer street, owing to a sharp curve at that portion of the line the engine came into collision with the trucks near the outer points, and just opposite the new engine sheds The three foremost trucks, together with the van attached to the goods train, were knocked off the line by the force of the collision, and were considerably damaged, but beyond the buffers being shattered and the front part of the engine somewhat damaged, the passenger train sustained no material injury The collision naturally caused a good deal of con stcmation amongst the passengers in the tram, but as far as can be ascertained no person has received any injury beyond a good shaking, although one of the male passengers, whose name could not be learned, complained that he had BUS tained some severe bruises about the arms The damaged trucks were at once removed out of the way, and beyond some temporary inconvenience caused by the accident, the traffic on the line was in no way interrupted It is understood that the man on duty in the signal box, who has been suspended pending an official inquiry into the affair, gave the signal to the approaching train from Williamstown that the line was clear, and apparently at the time did not notice the obstruction caused by the trucks having rolled back from the siding on to the main line The Williamstown train was proceeding at a very moderate rate at the moment the collision took place, or probably a serious loss of life would have occurred The Bishop of Melbourne delivered another of his lectures on St John a Gospel at St Pauls Church, Swanston street, yesterday afternoon. The series will be brought to a close with two more lectures Our report is held over Mr. James Smith delivered an interesting and instructive lecture last evening at the the Athenaeum, on behalf of the Australian Health Society, on " Nature a Scavengers There was a large audience Dr Jamieson occupied the chair The lecturer commenced by remarking that not more than one person in 10,000 lives the natural term of human life, which, according to scriptural and scientific authorities, was about 100 or 120 years He pointed out that the causes of theshortemngof human life were the disregard of sanitary laws and the contraction of bad and vicious habits, which produce disease and supply the conditions under which the various forms of animal life we carry about in our bodies become developed, and in process of time consume the diseased bodies The lecturer, who dealt with his subject in a very terse and concise manner succeeded in getting the attention of the audience throughout and was accorded a hearty vote of thanks As the lecture will be re-delivered at Prahran on Friday, we hold over a more extended notice Amongst the passengers by the San Francisco mail steamer Zealandia which arrived at Auckland yesterday Mr Geo Rignold, who has acquired fame in the United States, and also in some of the Australian colonies, by his performances of Henry V He is on his way to Melbourne where he will appear shortly There is a dispute in connexion with his engagement Mr L M Bayless states that an agreement has been entered into with him, while we are informed on the other hand that Mr Rignold goes to the Theatre Royal in pursuance of an arrangement with Mr Coppin A meeting of the medical students of the University of Melbourne was held at the Medical School on the 20th inst to discuss the advisability of holding sports in connexion with the Medical School Professor Halford presided and over 100 students were presents The proposal met with the warm support of those present, and the following committee were elected to carry out all arrangements vi? -Messrs J' B Rennie MA II S Wood, J Y\ Springthorpe, B A , STA, L W oinaraki, li li Willis F H Eastwood, W Morton T B Ryan J J Fullarton 1 Quirk II Stacpoole and W Montgomery At a subsequent meeting of the committee it was decided to devote the proceeds of the first meeting to the Melbourne Hospital the committee of which with the chancellor and vice chancellor of the University, the dean and lecturers of the Faculty of Medicine have (granted their patronage and support The meeting which will take place on the W warehousemen Cricket ground on Saturday the 14th September, promises to be a great success, as a large number of entries have been received for each event. The medical men of Melbourne have given material support by liberally subscribing, to defray preliminary expenses. The annual show of poultry, pigeons, and singing birds of the Victorian Poultry Society will be opened at the Town-hall to-day. In the evening a promenade concert will be given. The return football match between the Hawthorn and Kilmore Clubs will be played in Grace-park, Hawthorn, to-day. Play will commence at 3 o'clock. A magnificent collection of hyacinth blooms, grown by Mr. F. Search of Flemington, was on view at Messrs. Law, Somner, and Co.'s, Swanston-street, yesterday, and attracted considerable attention. The collection numbers between 40 and 50 different varieties, all of which are named. The spikes are well grown, the flowers being of good shape. Where there are so many good ones it is difficult to single out any for special commendation, but a few showed out in advance of the others. In double flowers the most noticeable were White-La Virginius, Virgo, and Venus. Red-Noble part Marie, Regina Victoria, Panorama, and Grootvoorst. Blue-Prince Frederick, Envoys, Maria Theresa, A La Mode, Prince of Saxe Weimar and Laurens Koster. In single flowers especially notice- able were White Alba mailman, alba supersession, and La Virginie. Blush ElfridaVmdVoltaire. Red-Sultan'sFavouritCi Norma, Agnes, and La Conferance. Crimson Amy. Blue-Grand Less, Charles Dickens, Mimosa, and Lamplighter. The Chinese lottery cases, which had been adjourned from the 14th inst., came on for hearing at the District Police Court yesterday, before Mr. Panton, P.M., when six Chinamen, named respectively Ali Coon, Ah You, Ah Hearing, Hock Cheong, Ah Toon, and Ah Chung, were proceeded against on summons for carrying on lottery shops in Little Bourke-street, contrary to law. Mr. C. A. Smyth prosecuted for the Crown, and Mr. R. Walsh appeared for the defendants. In each instance, evidence was given by a young man named George O'Neil who had acted as an informer for the police, that he had purchased lottery tickets at the defendants' shops, which he handed over to Detective O'Callaghan, who watched the proceedings from outside. As a rule there were a number of Europeans in the shops purchasing tickets, and the defendants appeared to be busily employed in marking off and selling the tickets, although they had been cautioned by the police in the matter. The charges were fully proved against the defendants, who were each sentenced to pay a fine of £30, with £3 3s. costs. The Bench stated that they were determined to put down this kind of gambling, and intimated to the defendants that in the event of their being brought before the Court again on a similar charge, they would be very severely punished. In the cases of Ah Coon and Ah You the fines were not paid, and they were sent to gaol for three months. At an early hour on Wednesday morning a fire occurred on the premises situated at the corner of Peel and Oxford streets, Collingwood, occupied by Mr. F. Anderson as a grocery store. The place was locked up as usual by Mr. Anderson between 0 and 10 the previous night, when everything was apparently quite safe. The family retired to rest shortly afterwards, and at about 3 o'clock the following morning Mr Ander- son was awakened by hearing a crack- ling noise in the shop. He at once jumped out of bed, and on going into the shop found the place on fire. An alarm was given, and the Collingwood fire-brigade, who were promptly in attendance, very soon succeeded in extinguishing the flames. The shop I was destroyed, and considerable damage was ! done to the stock, the loss occasioned pa both the building and stock being covered by insurance. The origin of the fire is at present unknown. The dead body of a male child was found in the Carlton Cricket-ground between 5 and 6 o'clock on Tuesday evening, by George Shaw, the caretaker of the ground. The child, which was destitute of any clothing, was found lying under a tree on the western side of the reserve, and from appearances it was evident that the infant had been recently born. There were no marks of violence on the body, which was conveyed to the morgue, where it now lies awaiting the coroner's inquest. A young man named John Joyce, 22 years of age, residing at Sunbury, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital yesterday, suffering from a fracture of the thigh, caused by a fall at Sunbury. Joyce had met with an accident of a similar nature at Sunbury three months ago through being thrown from a horse. Francis Davis, 25 years of age, living in Park-street, Collingwood, was also admitted into the hospital yesterday, having sustained an injury to the cheat through falling off a dray in Hoddle-street. A young man named William Goodwin, 10 years of age, residing in Cumberland- place, off Little Collins-street, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital yesterday morning suffering from a fractured leg, caused by a case of furniture falling upon him whilst in the act of removing it from a lorry in A'Beckett-street. During yesterday afternoon a dissipated looking man named William Woods attempted to rob the till of the Sir John Franklin Hotel, Victoria-parade, Collingwood. Woods went into the bar, and seeing nobody present endeavoured to abstract the till from behind the counter, but being detected in the act, he did not accomplish his purpose, and got away. Later in the evening he was seen carrying away an axe from the yard of a cabinetmaker named Stains, in Wellington-street. Woods was subsequently arrested by Constable Kay, and lodged in the Collingwood lockup. Apropos of the Central Province election, the Gipps Land Times observes :-" Professor Hearn was returned for the Central Province by an enormous majority. Such a result is a splendid protest against the ruinous course which the Ministry have been pursuing. The poll is unprecedented, and as all the votes for the Council necessarily have also the franchise for the Assembly, it may fairly be regarded as indicating the tone of political feeling prevailing among the constituencies for the Lower House within the Central Province." Referring to the result of the Central Province election, the Kyneton Guardian remarks : " There are victories and victories. There are triumphs won at the ballot-box which have no very great significance, but there are others which express the deep rooted views of the community. The election of Tuesday is noteworthy in the latter sense. It is the protest of the wealth and culture of the community against the communistic rule that has prevailed of late years in Vic- toria. Professor Hearn asked to be elected to the Legislative Council as a strong adherent to the bicameral system ; a lover of the British Constitu- tion; and a foe to the 'red' revolution it is in the power of uncultured folk to impose upon the colony. His opponent was a person who sought a seat in the house on the ' liberal ' ticket for his own advantage. He was, in fact, the nominee of the revolutionary and communistic party, and certainly a most payable nominee he proved. Were manhood alone the test, we should not have doubted for a moment the result of the conflict ; it would have been reversed. The cultured broad-minded writer on constitutional law would have had to suffer the disgrace of defeat at the hands of a time-serving politician willing to accept Parliamentary honours, no matter how they came to him. But with a superior class of electors to decide the contest, the better man secured his election to the Senate by a vast majority. No stone was left unturned to secure the defeat of Dr. Hearn, and it is abundantly evident that the Ministry would have rejoiced at such a consummation. All their influences failed. Their nominee was disgracefully defeated. The victory of the friends of good government was complete. By two votes to one, the voters who represented industry, thrift, enterprise, and sobriety, yesterday emphatically declared that the present Government and their two form Bill are dangerous and ruinous to the country. Such a decision at the present stage is an encouraging testimony, and should weigh greatly with the Home Government, if ever the Berry Reform Bill comes under their notice." The Hobart Town Mercury reports that Messrs. Higinbotham and Fehon, of Victoria, the gentlemen appointed to arbitrate between the Tasmanian Government and the Main Line Railway Company as to the tolls and compensation to be paid by the company for running powers over the Launceston and Western Railway, and also the amount that the Government should pay for the conveyance of mails on the Main Line Railway, have sent in their award. For the use of the Launceston and Western Railway the company are to pay £2,088 for the year end ing 30th October, 1877 ; £3,020 for the year ending 30th October, 1878 and £3,000 for the year ending 30th October, 1879. The Government, it will be remembered, claimed 5000 a year, but the amounts fixed by the arbitra- tors are not considered unfair, so that the matter is, no doubt, finally settled. For the conveyance of mails, Mr. Grant, on behalf of the company, claimed £3,857 per annum, and the award is £2,850, about £1,000 less. Each party pay their own costs of. attending the arbitration ; the arbitrators' fees and award (£299 7s. for the tolls question, £30 15s. for the mails question are to be shared by both parties." Mr. Kilkenny played his second match last evening in the Café de Paris billiard saloon. Mr. L. Grimwood was his opponent, receiving 400 points in a game of 1000 up. Mr. Kilkenny fully sustained his reputation, making breaks of 70, 69, 53,136, and 105. Mr. Grim- wood played a very good game, including breaks of 23, 30, 41, 27, and 29. Mr. Kilkenny won by 130. To-night he plays Mr. Burns, conceding 400 points in 1,000. An unwilling compliment has been paid to the excellence of English and American manufactures by a correspondent writing to the MOSCOW Russians Nachrichten from the regions of the Baikal Sea. Describing the various streams of commerce which run from the coast of China toward the great Siberian mart of Kiachta, and thence spread themselves over the Asiatic provinces of the Russian Empire, the correspondent affirms that in spite of the heavy duties levied at the Russian frontier the manufacturers of Moscow have not the ghost of a chance against those of Birmingham and Philadelphia. " In fact he says, our Moscow manufacturers, by their short lengths, their grossly insufficient measure, and the general worthlessness of their goods, have SO spoiled their credit in Siberia that the term Muscovite is used as an adjective to imply what is manufactured only to 'sell,' while to describe an article as being English or American is considered a conclusive guarantee for its excellence." The goods sold in the Transbaikal provinces of Russia are calicoes, cottons, cutlery, saddlers' wares, and utensils for the camp and farm, such as, in short, are despatched to all the British colonial markets. These find their way to Kiachta, via the Man. choorian deserts, and are mainly sold to the people of Oriental Siberia by caravan merchants trading from Pekin. Sea communication with Siberia is of very recent date, but vessels can reach the provinces to which I refer by sailing round the northern coast and up the Lena River, and since your merchants are now aware that in Siberia their wares are well known and universally appreciated, they should hasten to take possession of the vacant market, and endeavour, by maintain- ing the excellence of their manufactures, to keep it. The Paris correspondent of the New York Tribune states that although the so- called Literary Congress in Paris has succeeded in obtaining Victor Hugo for its president, it is by no means a representative association. He says i "Almost any foreigner who ever used a pen might be a delegate if he liked. Men who cared to come have applied for cards, and got them. Of those who would be accepted as representative men of letters in England there are few indeed. Among Englishmen who hold what may be called an international position, Mr, Matthew Arnold's name would be one of the first. He has concerned himself largely with French literature ; but I hear that Mr Arnold was applied to, and declined on the ground that no sufficient representation of England was possible, and that an made. quate representation would be worse than none- would, in fact, leave the French in control of all decisions, while compromising other nations to some extent." The congress receives no support whatever from the academy, and Victor Hugo is the only member of it who has consented to take part in the proceedings. Alexandre Dumas, Augier, and Sartlou are conspicuous by their absence. Neither Renan, nor rain, nor Little, nor Louis Blanc, nor Octave Feuillet, nor John Lemoine, nor Henri Martin has given in his adhesion to it. America is creditably represented by President White, of Cornell University, and Russia also by M. Turgenief, the celebrated novelist; but the other foreign sections, it appears, bear names of men of moderate reputation in their own country, and who have never been heard of outside of it. According to the correspondent above referred to, directly the subject of international copy- right was introduced it gave rise to a strong scene, owing to a strong phrase or two made use of by M. About, which brought half-a-dozen Italians to their feet, speaking and gesticulating with characteristic vehe hence. A graceful compliment was paid to Miss Annie Firmin after the close of the performance at the Theatre Royal on Tuesday night. Shortly after her return to her lodgings at the Civil Service Club Hotel, the members of the Minstrel Company at the Princess's Theatre, who were under obligations to her for courteous treatment in the United States, assembled with their orchestra under the windows her apartment, and serenaded her with music, both vocal and instrumental. The novel scene attracted the notice of numerous passers by. In consequence of the hall being otherwise engaged, there will be no performance by the city organist this afternoon. The Werribee-park and Findon Harriers will meet at the Guiding Star Hotel, Geelong road, on Saturday next, at 1 p.m. This will be the last meet of the season. The first drawingroom entertainment, in aid of the Building Fund of the Essendon and Flemington Institute, will take place this evening at the Town- hall, Flemington. Mr. Alfred Meyer's subscription concert takes place at the Athenaeum this evening. Amongst the vocalists engaged are Miss Wooldridge and Messrs. Furlong and Moroney. The annual meeting of the Discharged Prisoners' Aid Society will be held in the upper hall of the Athenaeum this evening. Sir W. F. Stawell, Chief Justice, will preside. nee Honour Sir Redmond Barry, the Right Rev. Dr. Moorhouse, bishop of Melbourne, and other gentlemen will address the meeting. The following is the report of the Lying in Hospital and Hospital for Diseases of Women and Children for the week ending August 23 Patients in hospital, 49 ; admitted during the week, 14 ; discharged, 19 ; died, 1 ; remain in hospital, 43 ; total number of out-patients for the week, 120 ; new cases, 25. A number of the residents of Richmond met in the councillors' room at the town hall on Tuesday, to make arrangements for a return ball to the mayor. Councillor Smith was appointed honorary secretary, and it was decided to give the ball on Monday, September 23, and to invite thereto the mayor and Mrs. Dickins. A sub-committee consisting of the chairman (Councillor Winter), and Councillors Lancashire and Smith was appointed to make all the necessary arrangements. ..... 2?"" The monthly meeting of the Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital was held on Wednesday. There were present Mr. Mirams (in the chair), Rev. R. B. Barlow, Messrs. Gray, Bowen, and Smith. The accounts for the month, amounting to 95 5s. 3d., were passed for payment. The attendances for the month were reported to be Out-patients -males, CCI ; females, 681 ; new cases, 241 ; total, 1588. In-patienta-remaining from last month, 21 ; admitted during month, 13 5 discharged during month, 14 ; remaining in the house, 19 e, operations, 21. The anniversary services of the St. Kilda Baptist Church were celebrated on Sunday last, and were followed on Tuesday by a public tea meeting. The Revs. L, Bower Brown and S. Chapman conducted the Sunday services, and preached to large congregations. The public meeting held after the tea meeting on Tuesday was presided over by Mr. Charles Andrews, of Geelong, and was subsequently addressed by the Revs. S. Chapman, H. Coombs, J. Woll- enden, and J. Bruce, votes of thanks to the ladies, to the church choir, which under the conductor, Mr. Pay, gave several selections of music, and to the chairman, closed the pro ceedings. A social meeting of the members of the Warehousemen's Cricket Club was held at Hockin's rooms on Friday evening, the occasion being the presentation of the Challenge Cup to the winners, Messrs. Sargood and CO'S team. This cup was given about six years ago by the Hon. F. T. Sargood; the condition being that it should be held for three years by a team representing one of the firms in the trade before it was finally won. Messrs. Sargood and Co.'s team has now held it for three consecutive years, and they are therefore the final winner of the trophy. The president of the club, Mr John Morrow (of Messrs. McArthur, M'MiUan, and Morrow), occupied the chair, and stated that he had received a letter from Mr. Sargood re- gretting his inability to be present owing to a previous engagement, The chairman, in handing the cup to Mr. Whalley, the captain of the team, congratulated them upon being the final winners of such a handsome trophy and he then presented to each member of the team a handsomely engraved gold shield shaped locket, bearing a suitable inscription. These rockets were the gift of Mr. Morrow The chairman also, on behalf of Mr. Whalley, presented Mr. W. C Caldwell with a hand- some gold medallion. During the evening a number of musical selections, songs, and recitations were well rendered by several gentleman amateurs. 