. . THE BAG .OF GOLD. by Donald Cameron. Author of " Scripopolis." The Rav. Bryan Birry was the; sole repre sentative of the Roman Catholic faith in the wild .and.mountainbuB district of Jimbellico, an isolated stretch of country in one of Victoria s moBt distant provinces. It mostly consisted of cattle runs, the head stations of which were far distant from each other, but in lSb'O gold waa. discovered at Wild Cat Gully, and a Bomewhat extensive mining camp was the result. This was - the first township (?) ever established in the Jim- bellicof district. Hence Wild Cat, as the town was jcalled, becanae fa kind of centre, where the squatters sold their cattle and bought station requirements. The district was of such a character that.af ter the plains which stretched below the mountains were reached everything had to be carried on pack-horses. Even Hhe machinery of the Wild Cat Company, the first quartz-mining venture, Btarted in the -new mines, since famous in the annals of gold-mining for its richness, was carried piece-meal over the mountains, and the first piano which de lighted the ears of Wild Cat arrived by the same mode of conveyance. True, prior to that, the enterprising host of : the " Three Nuggets " had imported a Bord " at great expense, wherewith to beguile the diggers into spending their money, in conjunction with two daniBelB obtained from Melbourne to dance with the rough Jminera ; but the speculation - proved unfortunate, for the horses took fright in passing over a precipice and tumbled slap into a foaming torrent, while the maidens hud hardly arrived when they straightway ; became the wives of the two rich men of the community. Bafore the arrival of the second piano; the melan choly concertina, with the help of a few jews' harpB, had usurped the musical throne of Wild Cat, for there was only one fiddler in the district, and he was too ardent a devotee of Bacchus to be trusted at " hops," but on its appearance, these primitive instru ments had to seek the lone hillsides, where, from scattered diggers' tents, they were to be heard at night, resembling too often a concert of cats with badly tuned voices ; for most of the concertinas were minns certain essential qualities, owing to being occasionally used as weapons of assault and defence. It may be therefore imagined that if music had already obtained a footing in Wild Cat, religion was not disregarded, and th8 supposi tion was right. The Wesleyans— for a large number of the diggers were Cornishmen — had established a Bethel on the summit of a little hill close to the camp, and a walk to it on/a Sabbath strongly reminded one ©f Christian's ascent of the Hill of Difficulty in "Pilgrim's Progress." On wintry Sundays the ascent of this hill, through miry clay— the tautology iB not mine, for -I have always found that clay is miry ami sticky when wet — was the cause of much backsliding, both of theleet and of the tongue, for even the most devout were often heard to blaspheme when they took an unexpected Blide downwards and arose with their Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes covered with dirt. The Wesleyans are lucky people, however, for owing to their religious constitution, this B=thel was alternately served by two lay preachers, whose accent was powerfully Corniah, and who. worked in the mines all the week, and preached on Sundays. . The Roman Catholic population were scandalised at their neigh bours being ahead of them, and they there fore petitioned to the archbishop, and, on their guaranteeing certain things, a missionary was sent up to Wild Cat, aiid a small church and two-roomed cottage were built for the " prashte, God-bless-him." A very humble church indeed it was, which developed a pronounced leak in the .roof three months after its erection, showing the builder, though he pretended to be a pious man, could cheat heaven as well as his fellow men. As for the cottage, it. might Buit a miner, but not a man of the tastes of the Rev. Bryan Barry. This gentleman was a tall, strong, handsome man of about thirty, with a determined and almost sensual face, although there was cast over it the veil of a refinement which he had acquired in, his youth. Though of poor parentage he had passed much of his time, after his ordination, in a palatial cathedral in France, where he had acquired tastes and feelings ill in accord with his present situation. He had been drafted as « missionary to Australia, and had to obey hia superiors aud leave the pleasant city of Melbourne for this desolate spot. To a truly religious man, filled with grand religious fervor, which has glorified the names of the many noble Catholic priests who have laid aside comforts, nay, sacrificed their life, for their faith in more inhospitable climes than Australia, the situation would have been one wherein to glory for the Cross ;of Cnristi But the Rev. Mr. Barry was not one of these men. He was a black sheep, a lover of ease and luxury. He could be religious and good with a pleasant chapel, a well supplied table and agreeable society, but to him this isolation from all the com forts of the civilised world was a terrible penance, aud he was the more aggrieved because while he had been sent to this desert spot, other men, far less capable, far beneath him in eduoation, had beengiven su ag benefices. Joined to this, he had acquired an accursed love for gold — eTen now he hoarded up out of the pittance hia parishioners subscribed for him-could he have obtained sufficient, he would leave the church and lead the life ,of a worldling. It may, therefore, be easily seen that the reverend gentleman waa far from being a fit pastor of a Christian church. But, as he had no other means of living, he chose to be hypocritical, and to continue a minister of a religion in which he did not practically believe. As for his flock, he hated and des pised them, beoause they did not contribute more to his revenue, aud many a terrific denunciation he thundered at them about their meanness. But the people soon began to understand the character of their pastor, and, save with the most superstitious and un thinking, there was little love lost between them. One night, in the depth of winter, the Rev. Mr. Barry sat in the little chamber whioh served him as dining-room and Th« tragical story whioh the author here attempts to commit to paper is founded on faot, and oocurred some years ago on a prominent goldfield. The writer, however, hopes that no person will be offended on the soore of religion, as there is no intention to offend. Any person of the disposition of the clergyman in this tale, no matter of what sect he might bo a minister, would have equally fallen uuder the temptation. t It is hardly neoeeaary to say that in order to spare the feelings of those who are acquainted with the details of thia tragedy, flctitions names are given. .kitchen. An old crone, who served /him 'as cook and housekeeper on very moderate wages, sat by. the fire knitting a stocking and humming an old Irish song. The priest Bat at the table, looking outio'f the window in a deep and discontented reverie. Without the world was robed in a garment of pure white snow, which had fallen in the late afternoon. Notwithstanding the snowstorm the day had been calm, and the night was equally so — not a breath disturbed me festoons of snow that lay upon the limbB of the dark stringy bark-trees, or clung to their brown trunks. The stars shone out of the intensely blue sky bright as the most . brilliant diamonds. No sound disturbed the still air save . the thump — thump of the pumping engine of the Wild Cat Company, which, like the human heart, never ceased its labour, for .the strata hereabouts was terribly saturated with water, which had to be kept down. The Rev. Mr. Barry looked out upon the dreary scene, and it recalled to him his student days at St. Omer— his pleasant hours in his Normandy presbytery, and he felt very bitter indeed against fate, the Church, and the Archbishop. Rat— tat. The priest and the crone started. That knock waa a rough one — nothing refined or city-like about it. The crone rose and opened the door, and in walked a great, shaggy miner, all hair, beard, overcoat, and red clay, who shot off the snow on to the priest's apology for a carpet, upon which already he had deposited half a ton of mud — much to Mrs. O'Dowd's horror and wrath. . — and taking off his Cilifornian hat stood abashed before the priest, who gave him no favourable look. " Please, sir," said the great Btalwarb fellow, who was as frightened as a child before "his riverence," " Mick Doolan is pasht all hope, the docther gave him up, an' he wants you to confess him, for he has a terrible weight on his mind, God deliver the poor cratbur." "I'll see him to-morrow," replied the Rav. Mr. Barry ; "I cannot move out to night, and you know Mick lives in Break neck Gully." " But, your riverence," pleaded the miner, " he won't live till morning." A thought' suddenly struck the mind of the priest ; a thought which must have been prompted by the Father of Evil himself. Mick Doolan was the mystery of Wild Cat. Everyone knew that himself and his mate, Lirry Deegan, had made a regular pile out of a claim on Breakneck Gully, but, so -far, no man knew what had become of the duBt. It was boldly alleged that both men had cleared between them some £10,000. Larry Deegan had suddenly disappeared ; his mate said that he had gone home, and had left quietly so th&t; no one would know, for fear he might be followed and murdered. Since his departure Doolan had led a lonely life, never coming to the camp, save for provisions and whiskey, which latter he consumed in enormous quantities. But, otherwise he was very close-fisted, and spent nothing. He never visited a public-house, which was a perfect fnnd of wonderment to ail the rational-minded diggers. Of course, there were many surmises afloat about Doolan and Deegan, but no one appeared to be certain of anything. The thought now arose in the mind of the Rev. Mr. Barry, that if this man was dying, it would be possible to get him to leave his goods to the church to atone for his sins. We need hardly point out what would become of the property to the reader, who has already fathomed the utter depar- ture from grace which had occurred in the wretched minister's soul, out of which that unholy spirit mammon had driven all that was good and holy. Ho reflected that this wealth would at once give him all he had so long desired. . Struck with this idea, theRov Mr. Barry at at once said, in an altered voice : " Oh ! then, I Euppuss I mu3t go to comfort the poor soul. . Mrs. O'Dowd, bring me my cloak and big boots;" The old crone soon got his things, and the reverend gentleman sallied out into the star lit night with his conductor, who was pos sessed of one of these ingenious Australian contrivances, a bottle lantern ; that is, an inverted bottle.with the bottom knocked out, and a lighted candle inaerted'in the neck, a lantern which I have never known to have been blown out on the windiest night if properly held. The uncouth guide piloted the priest over the hillsides in a very careful manner, and they arrived at the cabin in Breakneck Gully which was inhabited by Misk Doolan without any serious mishap, for the suow had made the ground pretty firm. An awful place was this Breakneck Gully. From the very banks or the noisy little stream the country rose in wild precipices and gorges, mantled with, the thickest undergrowth, out of which arose giant trees, whose dark colour waa now diversified with snow. As the two travellers halted before the little bark hut and looked upon the terrible prospeot, listening to the roar of the stream as it dashed over the. rocks, it was a scene that the pencil of a Dore might have immortalised. The feeble light of the lantern illuminated the faces of the two men ; one the picture of vulgar awe and supersti tion, the other darkened with that eternal gloom which overshadows the face of one who is bent upon a dread crime. Ou entering the hut a scene of a different oharaoter, but - still in accord, with the surroundings, met the eye. On a rough stretcher, covered with a blanket, lay a lean, cadaverous creature, whose only evidence of life was his burning and ever shifting eyes. The face was the image of death and as white as the snow that lay outside, a great contrast to the thick matted black hair and beard. Occasionally this being started and cowered, as if dread unseen beings were tormenting him. There was a look of strange relief upon his face when he saw the priest. The Rev. Mr. Birry sat down by the bed on a ricketty three-legged stool, and took the sufferer's hand. He had studied medicine, and knew perhaps more of that science than the half-educated person who presumed to attend to the physical wants of Wild Cat. "It's no use, your riverence," said the sick man, with a ghastly smile; "I'm done for; I'm gbiag— home. I won't see the sun rise again. Fat, I want to be left alone with the priest. Go home like a good fellow, and you can come when his riverence calis at your hut on his way home. L?ave the lantern ; he'll want it." Pat silently obeyed. He knew that the shriving of a sinful soul was not for anyone to witness except the sinner, the priest and God. Yet, had the honest fellow looked at his pastor's face, even his dull wits would have been set wondering, for his face was hardly less ghastly than that of the patient who waa suffering from delirium tremens. That the priest had already discovered, and, notwithstanding the locai medico'o opinion, he felt convinced that Doolan's grand con stitution would surmouut the attack and that he would recover: nnd act. tVilo wicked man thinking, thinking. God, in his infinite mercy, send down his angel to baffle the demon tempter that night ! " Father,' said Doolan, as the door closed on Pat, ' I have been a terrible sinner. Oh ! can you give me absolution? If I lived I would go through any ponance." God, replied the priest in a strange, unnatural voice, " i3 very merciful, and I, as his poor minister, have power to absolve the truly penitent. Confess, my son, confess to me all, and hide not one tittle of your guilt ; for there is One to whom all is known, and the coacealment'of'fcha slightest item will-destroy my absolution.'! : " I will tell the truth," cried the penitent, rising on his elbow and glaring round the room. " He ia there and under his eyes I will not be able to tell a lie. He has been there every night since that awful nighty He is there now — " "Hush!" said the priest. "Make your confession until I see what can be done." " I will, I will," panted Doolan. " Well; your riverence, six years ago Larry Deegan and I left the ould country together — God's curse on the day we did. We were as bright a pair of boys as ever you saw, mere lads, and as happy as kings to think we , were going to make our fortunes in Australy. We'd been regular comrades iver since we were gossoons, and not a wake or a weddin', a dance or a fair, but we were together, and aith, the min would be bould who would face our. two shillelaghs. We went up to Brady's at fusht, bat did no good there at all, at all, any way, for we got no gould, and both of us fell in love with a purty coilesn there, whose father kep' a bit of a shop. Though nayther of us said a word to each other about it, I knew she tuk to Larry, and when we were startin' for thi3 rush, I heard her tell him when he'd come back with some gold she'd have him. The divil got into my heart that black day, your riverence ; but Larry niver suspected anything, and we came up here and fell upon the richest patch that ever was found in the country. We let no one know it, your riverence,": — here he sank his voice to a whisper — " but it waa tremenjous, it was like Bhovellin' up gould. Larry was in great glee, because he said he would now be abte to go back to Sandhurst and marry his girl. That was like stickin' a knif8 into me. I said nothin', but oh ! how I thought and thought/until the divil. got entirely the best of me. I fought him a bit, but he had such a good servant in the whiskey, that he beat me to pieces. Well, the patch was worked out, and we made a division. 'Twas wonderful, your rivepence, we had gould to the amount of £15,720 each, over £30,000 altogether, after all our expenses. That night the both of us got drunk, and Larry kept talking about his Kate> and swore he'd start the next day and marry her and become a sauatther. The whiskey made him very loving to me, but it put the divil into my soul. I don't know how it took place, but I seemed to wake up in the middle of the night, and there waa Lirry stone-dead on the floor, just where he fell in a drunken sleep, his throat cut from ear to ear I O ! holy Mother, forgive me. I see him now, there, with the blood flowing down. Go away, Larry, I'll ase your soul, I'll—" " Hush !" slid the priest, " continue your Btory." "Richema the whiskey ?" nskad Doolan, and this being done he appeared refreshed, aud proceeded: — v " Well, I waa stupid for a long time, bat at' ls3t I began to think better of it, an' I took the corpse out, an' I buried it under a big rock, just the other side the creek. The spot's always green. And I have lived here ever since with that cursed gould, and never lifted it, for when I went to dig it up it seemed as if he stood in the way. An' now, your reverence, I want to do reparation. I Want you to send all the gould home to Larry's mother — who's as poor as a crow — and perhaps that will ass my Bins." " I cannot absolve you," said the priest, in a cold, hard voice, " unless you leave all your gold to the Church. That alone will save you from ths terrible fate which is in store for you, most miserable of sinners." " Lave'jcto the Church !" cried Doolan, with an Hibernian wink in his left eye ; " no, no, your riverence, with all deference, I think it's my duty to- give it to Larry's mother. That's the best atonement." And, in spite of the reverend gentleman's arguments, Doolan perristed in his deter mination. For a while the Rav. Mr. Barry stood firm, but at last he gave in, and Doo lan showed him where the gold was buried, but charged him not to touch it until he was dead. £30,000 ! What an undreamt of fortune was that to the poor, wretched sinner who had allowed gold to warp and destroy his soul. "Are you awake, Pat," said a sepulchral voice at the door of Pit Cxsey.late that night. "Yc3, your riverence," replied Pat, " How i3 poor Doolan ?" "Much better," replied the Rav. Mr. Bzrry ; "he told ma you need not come over until the morning. I don't think there's anything the matter with him except the drink. The consolations of the Church appeared to ease him." " Heaven's blessings en ycu, sorr," said Pat. /' It's glad I am of a night's rest — for I haveu't had much of late through Doolan. Good-night, your riverence." "Faith ! that Doolan musht be a big sin ner," said Mrs. O'Dowd to an old crony of hers next morning, juBt as the sun was rising, while they were having a cup of tea together, "for when his riverence came home last night he looked as if he'd seen a banshee or the Inemy himself. St. Peter save us ! Wirra 1 what's the matter with you, Pat ?" This was addressed to Mr. Casey, who stood at the door, the personification of terror. "Oh, murder 1" cried Pat, "I wint to Doolan's cabin this morning, airlv, and there he was, stiff and wid his throat cut from ear to ear." " Lord save us 1" ejaculated the ladie3, crossing themselves. " And he'd done it himself, too," cried Pat, " for the razor had jusht dropped irorn hiB hand. Where's the prashte ?" Of course there was an inquest, and the verdict was in accordance with the evidence, felo de sc. The medical man was certain that the delirium tremens had risen to such a pitch that the wretched man was driven to suicide, and he blamed Pat for being absent. But the Rav. Mr. Barry excused Pat, for he said that when he left Dookn he was in a good frame of mind, and before going off to sleep bad told him to tell Pat not to come, as he was ashamed of keeping a man, who had to work all day, oat of his bed every night. The reverend gentleman added that he feared this was a ruse simply to get rid of the preseuce of anyone, and the coroner and jnry agreed with him. So Doolan was buried, and the old hut at Brea'sneck Gully became haunted. No trace of the immense board, said to hive been amassed by Doolan, was found, although— but this wis in the daylight — the site of the hut was dug up by enterprising treasure- seekars. Some said the devil had flown away with it ; other3 averred that Doolan had uever made a pile, and a f-w indulged in dars whispers, but were careful of tho company in which th. y uttered them, for a word against the Rev. Father Barry would have resulted in a koo! trounc ing to the speaker. The general marvel was how Doolan committed Buieide, when a few hours would have settled matters, and there wa3 no explanation, except one offered by the gay young gentleman who managed the branch bank, that, in accordance with his oontrary nature, he had gone to the other world just because he had not been invited. And, then, after the matter had formed s good topic for six months, it gradually became obliterated out of the public mind, in. .view .of morn recent and pressing occur ences. ' If the Rev. Father Barry had been niorose and distant before, he was trebly bo after Doolan's death. Mrs. O Dowd told her cronies that the dreadful revelation whioh Doolan had. made to the priest had com pletely unnerved him, " which," she said, " it must have been awful, considerin' as his reverence was a mighty shtrong man." Ifc soon became evident that Father Barry was discontented with his flock, and that they were no better pleased with him, and ese long he wrote to the ecclesiastical authorities urging that the climate had such an effect upon him that he eonld not live in the place. He was accordingly recalled, and, certainly, whenhe presented himself at the archiepiscopal palace the prelate had every confirmation of his statement. The stout, rosy priest had become a lank, pale, ghastly man, with, furtive, frightened eyes. He was relieved from active duty, and spent his time much as he pleased. Presently be declared that he must be sent home, as he could not reconcile himself to Australia. He was also humoured in this, and disappeared for ever from the ken of his religious brethren. Not one of them ever heard of the Rev. Father Barry again, and great was the marvel as to what had become of him. Some years afterwards, as Wild Cat was declining in prosperity, an adventurous miner suck a hole opposite to Doolan's cabin, and came upon the relics of a human being. At first there was much wonderment as to whose skeleton it might be, but when a tiny gold locket was rooted up, on which was inscribed Deegan's name, the camp at last settled the mystery of Doolan's crime and end- Break neck Gnlly became still more haunted, and an innocent white cow which went there to graze at nights, at once became the terror of the neighbourhood, and its moat delicious sensation; her lowings being set down as the groans of Daegan's spirit lamenting over his untimely end, and the loss of his gold. It need not be said that the search for this gold received a fresh impetus, and in the daylight quite a new rash took place to . Doolan's, but not one of the industrious diggers were rewarded. Not far from the city of Lima in Paru, is situated a monastery, famed for the austere lives of the monks, and particularly noted at the time we write for the great piety of its ' abbot, a venerable man, who appeared already to have reached Heaven eve he left earth. His life had been spent from the earliest manhood in the gentlest piety and the simplest mode. Ha was a child in the ways of the world, a giant in his knowledge of virtue and religion. To this monastery there had been admitted, a few days before we visit it, a wretched, broken-down man, once the gayest and most wicked of Pern's citizens. Whence be had come years ago, no one knew, but he was polite, learned, and the possessor of boundless wealth, so no one troubled themselves muoh about his antece dents ; and he ran a career of riot and dissipation almost unrivalled, even in that warm-blooded land. At last he was reduced to beggary, and broken-down and dying, he ' came to -the monastery,- to close therein his life in repentance. From the pious exhortations of themonks, Brother Ximenes, as he called himself, appeared to obtain little relief, no human being appeared so miserable, so conscious of sin, and yet so impenitent. It wasjas if he had been seizsd with that hopeless despair of forgiveness which some ecclesiastical men tell us seizes upon those who have commited the inexpiable crime against .the Holy Ghost. At first the monks tried to wean him round to a better state of things, but at last they positively became afraid of the man, so little like anything earth did he seem, so ghastly and diabolical was his appearance. One evening the Abbot was reading in his study the works of St. Jerome, when a lay brother tapped for admission and gave him a packet, which he said brother Ximenes had directed to give to the abbot at a certain time that night. The abbot, who had long marvelled at the man and endeavoured to unravel his mystery, at once opened the document and read it. He presently repented he had not called a monk to sit with him. The room was large, and the shadows deep, and the worthy father felt hia flash creep as he read the terrible confession, and almost expected the Father of Evil to appear to confirm it. The confession was signed by " Brian Barry," and therefore our readers will gues3 that ihe recluse was our old acquaintance the priest of Wild Cat. Part of his confession we have already narrated, the remainder will throw all required light upon this dark history : — " After a few struggles with the demon of gold I yielded. I knew from my medical knowledge that th8 man would recover, and tht when he got well ha would laugh at his terrors and refuse me the gold, as I could not u;e his confession against him. I was consumed with a thirst for the accursed treasure ; aud the way in which ha related he had killed Dsegaa suggested the deed, for his razor lay on the shelf. Ere I knew what I was doing he was dead. He was weak, I vary powerful, and, save one awful cry which will ring in my ears until death, he made no outcry. By Satan's own fortune I did not have a drop of blood spilt upon me, and when I had recovered myself a little, I saw at once that the death could be set down ito suicide by dropping the razor beneath his hand. I was devilish cunning. I noted that ths stroke of the razor was made exactly as a suicide wonld make it. After getting the bag of gold, which was very- heavy, I leit and returned home, leaving the biag outside until my housekeeper went to sleep, when I rose, brought it in, and put it in my cheat. Shortly afterwards, I left Australia and fled to a land where I could not be known. But my crime followed me, and two phantoms, with their throats cut, never quitted my sight- To escape the agony of mind I was in, I plunged into the maddest dissipation, and committed unknown, unthooght of crimes, but in vain, remorse devoured my soul. A still greater crime wu upon my soul— the sin of which I was guilty towards Mother Church, aud which I believed inexpiable. When all was goue I came to the monastery, in some slight hope that scourging and penitence might assuage the wrath of offended Heaven. But, no ; instead of these holy walls giving me relief, they increased my anguish a thousandfold — they appeared to rise to thrust out so acenrsed a thing. I can stand thi3 no more, my brain burns, my heart is fire, my soul is already in torment, my body on the rack. The ghosts are ever with me, and urge me to end ail as their lives were ended. Aud to night I feel that I can no more resist them. Wnen you have read this letter I will be dead. Utterly horror-stricken the abbot raised the hou-e and proceeded to Xuuenes' cell where a sight so horrible met toe gaze of the spectators that ail fled, crossing themselves devoutly , aud praying for protection from the Powers of Evil. t He rests in a suicide's grivc, the horror of everyone who knows the terrih-e story. And yet this man, had he curbed his passions in accordance with the pri.opts of his sacred calling and holy faith, tnigh hiva become a great and good man, but he give way fco thetu, and failed to resist the tsrricle tempta tion of the Bxg or Gold. 