THE ^GOVERNOR'S VISIT TO LAKE ST. CLAIR The Governor, accompanied hythe Hon. Nicholas Brown, Minister of Lands and Works, and Lieut. Colonel St. Hill, left Hobart Town by the 10.30, a.m. train on 20th February. Getting out at Bridge-* water, the party mounted their horses there await- ing them, and rode on" to New Norfolk. After col- lecting the various packages containing tents, pro- visions, etc., etc., for tho journey, previously for ' warded on there, and handing them over to Mr. Latham for conveyance in his tax-cart to the lake, they rode on to Bushy Park, a most charmingly situated residence'on the right bank of the Derwent, distant 12 miles from Now Norfolk, where the hospitable owner, Mr. Shoobridge, welcomed and entertained His Excellency at luncheon. Bushy Park possesses a magnificent oak, stated to be the finest in the colony. The gardens and grounds about Bushy Park are'laid out in the best taste, and kept up in a style and order which can only be com- pared to that maintained by holders of scats in tho old country, and the hawthorn hedges, 30 and 40 feet high, are well worth a journey to look at. After luncheon, cantered away through the town- ship of Glenora to Fenton Forest 14 miles), where the party were most hospitably received by Mr. and Miss Fenton, and put up for the night. Fenton Forest is another.splendid property on the same bank of the Derwent, and one of the most extensivo in the district, and boasts of a rival oak tree to the Bushy Park one. After breakfast on the 21st left Fenton Forest, the road still continuing along this most fertile valley of the Derwent, reaching Meadow Bank (4 miles), the property of Mr. Nicholas Brown, in about on hour. Here, in a perfectly chosen situation overlooking the river, is one of the hand- somest and moat substantially stone-built _ houses one need wish to see or hope to live in. Leaving this, after luncheon, rode still along the river bank through Mr. Bryant's pro i perty, and accompanied oy Mr. Burton, of the Hamilton Police Force, for twelve miles, until Dunrobin was reached, the seat of the Messrs. Bethune. Here again is a country house, beauti- fully situated on the Derwent, gardens and hop grounds in perfect keeping, a great doal of land about fenced in ; everything, in fact, in " apple-pie order," Mr. Bethune and his brother, most courteous of hosts, dined the travellers sumptu- ously, and lodged them most comfortably ; and early the following morning (22nd), accompanied the Governor as far as the township of the Ouse, five miles, Mr. Smaile, Inspector of Roads, Hamil- ton, joining His Excellency at Dunrobin, and Mr. Burton returning to Macquarie Plains. Forded the Derwent, above its junction with the Ouse, at Clunie, about two miles from Dunrobin, and leaving the Lawrenny estate on the right, rode to the Ouse Bridge, now in course of construction ; then on to Cawood (two miles), the residence of Mr. Henric Nicholas, where breakfast was despatched, after which His Excellency rode through this beautiful property, to the school at the Ouse, under the direction of Miss Luttrell, which he inspected, to the great delight of the children who obtained a holiday thereby. Then proceeded up the Ouse Valley, passing Mr. Dixon's and through the Brothorwood estate, formerly tenanted by holders of from 50 to 100 acres, who grew wheat on a large scale. Now not a vestige of these home Steads is to be seen. Then turning westwards over poor hills and woods into wilder country, about six miles from Cawood, passed Shawfield, formerly an inn, now used as a shepherd's hut ; and then on through woods and over hilly ground, until, some sixteen miles from Cawood, the Victoria Valley is reached. This is an open flat of about 1,200 acres of the richest description ; most of it is fenced in, and a goodly proportion under cultivation. Here was one of the principal convict stations, and the remains of barracks, store-houses, stone-breaking sheds, mess-rooms, etc., etc, are still pointed out. Some three miles before entering this valley the metal road, constructed by the convicts, com- mences, and which extends to Marlborough, on the River Nive, distant from Victoria Valley twenty miles. Leaving Victoria Valley, the road continues over hilly country, well and heavily wooded; a ( beam 93 feet long, intended for the Ouse Bridge, sawn close to the roadside, was shown to the Governor as a specimen), past Mrs. Robert Head's station, Duck Marshes (two miles from Victoria Valley), where Mrs. Stannard resides, on to Mr. Jenkins' (five miles from the Valley), on the River Dee, crossing which, through same description of coun- try, seven miles from Mr. Jenkins', another old convict station, called Seven Mile Hill, is passed. This was merely a detachment station from the head-quarter one at Victoria Valley ; and the buildings have all disappeared. About ten miles from Jenkins' the road passes through the centre of the Four Mile Marsh, and then up an ascent which rejoices in the euphonious and high-sounding name of Burst-my-Gall Hill ; after which the road de- scends rapidly into the plains about Marlborough, and about Mr. Joseph Clarke's station of Bronte. These plains present a most desolate aud ghost-like appearance, covered as they are with grand old trees standing without a leaf or twig on them; nothing but the more solid branches on the bare stems, devoid of bark, and whitened by age, the result of a severe frost, which killed them all off some 25 or 30 years ago, and left them standing as they are. His Excellency put up for the night at Bronte station, where Mr. Ellis, the manager, lives -a most comfortable house, and everything as clean as a new pin, and the viands provided by Mrs, Ellis adm'ra'uy cooked and of excellent quality-with good stabling for tho horses, the latter no small boon after their 3G milos from Cawood, the greater part of it being over very ' Btoney road. The next morning (23rd), about a quarter to 7, started across Marlborough Plains, post the oki convict station on the River Nive (be \- fore alluded to as the termination of tho convict road),'over a bridge much in want of repair, passing through Mr. Nicholas' property, and, accompanied by Mr. Ellis as guide, proceeded through the open marsh country and sqme bush to trie Clarence Riypr (11 miles from Bronte), where Mr. King has A cattle station. Here Mr, Latham, with the aart, was overtaken, and also Mr. Robert Read, of Red- lands, and his brother, Mr. John Read, of Kinvarra, who were on their way to tho Lake. The track now generally skirted the marshy land which abounds here, and was rocky and rough, passing " here and there through bits of scrub and bush. About eight miles from the Clarence, crossed the Travellers' Stream, and about three-quarters of a \- milo further on, the Derwent, which takes its rise ' p Lakp St. Clair. Passing up its right bank for -, about «two miles, and thep (JivprgJHsr, to the left \- through'bush for about another two miles,' the strip of sandy beach on J.ako St. Clair, where the boat- house IB situated, Is reached! ' Lake St. Clair lies about N.W. and S.E., is about 10 or 17 miles'in length, by some three or four' in breadth, anti ¡B aifoiit 2.50pft. ¡jbovc ttie'levefof the sea. 'Pitched camp on the -louth eastern end 'of 1'ia boaoh on the rising ground above* i£''Found Mr. Comise], the (jifi'iröyor, engaged in cutting a track to the Pieman ¿tiver | encamped »bout 300 yards oft. In the afternoon, the Governor, and Messrs. N. Brown, R. Read, Counsol, and St, Hill launched the boat, and rowed towards the uorth-wostem part of the lake, but it blow so hard that after rounding a couple of the distant points, at the furthest one of which His Excellency landed, and succeeded in getting a capital sketch of Mount Ida, it was con- sidered advisable to return. The night set in very stormy, raining steadily in torrents, and hailing frequently." P3rtuhatBiy the Governor's and Mr. Brown's horses had beor» sent back with the groom and Mr. Sinailtf to their comfortable miarters at .Bronte' on amval at the lake, or they* must havo |Üffcre4 from t)ip njglpj's exposure. Those animais yhich remained sllttcp4 sevoroly from the* leeches, tohicji punislico": thoura good deal, cajVeiuj» thy poor jjriftep to bleed severely. \- '"{hp next morning (February 24th) found all ¿he hills abflijt-»founts Olympus, Ida, Rufus, ffugpl, covered with spow, which bad fallen heavily during the night, »ml as it now rajued and hailed only ii» showers, between which thors wore occasional glimpBos of siiushtno, the view of thcBo snow-clad mountains was magnificent, and the Govornor was able to "take two or three more effective sketches, During the forenoon His gißx«ßllpiipy, Mr. N. Brown, Mr. Counsol, and li,' !»t. Hil}, n^qqppdcd ou t|io nowly.put Pieman ivortràôk as'.fár »V'thu'Cu-viot? lUvor,' which is bera about a chain wide j ' and in tho afternoon again attempted to explore the 'hil;o to tjio north- west, but the inclement weather prevented pro L'ccijlng 'many philps Tho forest of myrtle and Sassafras trfeôs which clotj.o f]ie dilioroiif, piomon iarios anil 'heá'fl|aii<}8''running' iiirp 'tho' lake jiteraUVilown to tho very water's edge'-rendered j¡he Lconory, sot off hfl 'it was'by'tho snow-clad mouii tMn* Brm»n(i'i n^itlofly ittm9tivP> w\ it °»iy wanted line weather; to cqmplcto as picturesque a bit of lake scenery as tho heart of man could desire. But fine weather was not to bo bad, and although tho Sbcnnd night was passed in oamp in comparative comfort to tho previous one, still on awaking tho next morning (25th) it was misty and inclined to driz/lo. Struck camp about 9 a.m. ; said good-bye to tho Messrs Read and Mr Counsel, and turned faces homewards, ineçtitig the horses which wore sent out from Bioi|ti> bJlweoii the Porwpnj, and ïf.ayollor's Rivers, aud ranching Bronto* alinut quar- ter1 past bne o'M'rtck. "in thó liftonióon the Governor, jjccfJuipanic'U By ÍUr Ellis, rodo over to Lake Echo, Of winch His Excellency madft a capital sketch, returning in tho evening. Early on morning of 2Gth the Governor rode' off to Cawood (30 miles), wishing to get there as early as possible to enjoy some hours fly-fishing in tho Ouse ; and Mr N. J. Brown and Col. St. Hill, accompanied by Mr. Ellis-the Bronto manager-rode over to Macclesfield, on Lake Echo (lo miles), the i)lopoi(,y of tho Hon. N. J. Brown. Un 1 fiko'Lako -St, Clair, 'wlic*o ¡viiohtai-y orostcd grono Mleoiityfligiiofanlmallifo, fount! LakoEoho perfectly trjjvo with wild duck. Aftor a stay hore of about an lour and a half, t)io same party of threo rode 'h'rpugh tho Bashan Hills and other properties, to i,'e ^Victoria Valjoy OB milos). Hero Mr. Ellis rtí¡ îlrned'to *r}rohto\ atíqT ^fr.' N. J. Hrowñ' and'Up?, ¿i'. Hill continued 'oii to Cawood (10 miles), wtncll iflr'iuj'jreachód ahqut 8 p.m., boing mrtat hospitably ro eotvedaud welaonicd by'Mr. and Mrs, H, Nicholas, Leaving Cawood about 10 on tho morning oftho27th, His Excellency and Col. St. Hill, undorthoguidaiicaof Mr. Squire, of the Ouso, rode through tho Co/e- land property to the "Cataract," on tho Derwent (9 mues from Ouae Bridge, and about 20 miles j »higher np the river from Dunrobin), the Governor I wishing by personal inspection to form an opinion whether the fall here was too great or the current too rapid to admit of salmon getting beyond them. His Excollency having satisfied himself that there was nothing to stop ordinary salmon, rode to Dun- robin, whence, after refreshing tho inward man, the party proceeded to Meadow Bank, where tho night' was passed in all the comfort that establishment affords. Eaily on tho morning of the 28th the Hon. N. J. Brown left for New Norfolk, to catch the morning steamer for Hobart Town, His Excolloncy, with Col. St. Hill, ridingon to Fenton Forest only, for breakfast ; after which the Governor had a few hours fly-fishing in the Derwent ; thon, accompanied as far as tho Ivanhoe and Kinvarra Estates, by the fair hostess of Feutou Forest aud her noice, rode on to Redlands, where the night was irassed. The Governor fished the Dorwent hero until 10 at night, and was rewarded by tho capture of a veritable salmon in the shapo of a grilse 41b in,weight. At G the next morning (1st March) the river was again fished towards New Norfolk, from whence His Ex- cellency drove to Hobart Town, which_was reached at noon. ' I 