The country will have profited very little by the recent " confessedly illegal" escapades of the Govemor-in-Council, if it has not by this time learnt the lesson " out of the nettle danger to pluck the flower safety." We have seen what a few desperadoes may have the imppflence to attempt by the aid of a little organisa- tion, and it is quite time tne gang were met with a display of their own weapons. There are supposed to be 180,000 electors on the rolls for the Assembly, and a peripatetic mob of 700 are made to do duty for the whole. Melbourne Bal larat, and Geelong constitute the base of .nAw.4i»nn nnJ frnm fltriOA fllPAA YWtinffl UJJGiaVlUUay 55V1H V44WHW Hl'V- whenever a political meeting is to be held, excursion trains are run at nominal fores to transport Major Smith's regiment of Ballarat roughs, or Mr. Mirams' con tingent of Collingwood boo-hooers, or the Chief Secretary's own body-guard of Geelong fuglemen, to take possession of the platform and fill the auditorium in any public room where the meeting is to be held. On these occasions a blue-shirt and a bludgeon are the passports which ensure to their possessor a return ticket between Ballarat and Geelong for three shillings if he has the money to pay, or the chance of a free pass if he is impe cunious, with a couple of fife and drum bands thrown in, just to keep the " bhoys' together and facilitate their marching to the desired Bpot. This mob of 700 men form what Sir George Bowen calls " the vast majority of the people of Victoria" — that is to say, they make more noise than all the rest pnt together — and being, ap parently. ubiquitous, they are able, to manufacture public opinion smoking hot in any locality where their chiefs may desire it, or they can swamp any intended demonstration initiated by the other side. Now, though we " conpsel the law jind otPfef party tooijgpiiMttKP da, not go to the length of saying they most emulate the tactics "referred to above j nor could they do so if they wished, because, ml'lra the Government, they have not the command of the rail ways to be used for political pur poses. What we- do desme.to pee. how ever, is the . initiation of a league or as sociation for the preservation of law and order and the maintenance of the Con stitution, so long as we are permitted to live under a constitutional form of go vernment. As for public meetings, the Action of '"Mr. Berrv and his fidends has made them a by-word and a reproach, inBomuch that it is 'now generally recog nised that such gatherings are " full of sound and fury, signifying' "hbthing." The real public opinion of the country resides in the ballot-box, or as the late -Dnhort- Pool - oaiA u Uw, hsttlo of. the Constitution is fought in the registration courts." To see that every man has his name on the roll, and exercises his vote when the time comes, is of "for "more im portance than running up and down the country trying to gag hostile candidates, and it is of vastly greater importance that every well-wisher of his country should know his duty and remain at his post Let it be admitted on all hands that public opinion declared itself very freely and nnmistskeably . on the 11th May, when it returned such an over whelming majority pledged to impose a land- tax. Let it be conceded with equal candour, that public opinion was also positive in asserting its altered character when afterwards it seated Mr. Gillies for Bodney, Mr. Mackie for Sandhurst, and Mr. Murray Smith for Boroondara, in tbe face of the most strenuous opposition the Government could bring to bear. Let it be allowed that Mr. Berry is sagacious eDough to detect the " handwriting on the wail," when he resorts to such extra ordinary shifts to get Mr. Ince seated for Barwon, and thereby prevent the elec tors patting in Mr. Levien ; when he has snch a wholesome dread of Mr. < Francis coming in for West Melbourne, that he changes his Attorney-General to induce the only man who has the ghost of a chance, to contest the seat ; and when he entertains such a horror of ap pealing to the country on the question of Payment of Members, although declaring all the while that "the country is with him. We affirm that the country is not with Mr. Berry now, to the extent that it followed him on the 7 "T 4" ll \l0 WW I ' 4 —6 DMAMSah 1. — — V KAMA MMJo J.AM7 X lOUIICL JIOS (LONG too many foolish things since, to have been able to retain the confidence which was then misplaced in him. Without any attempt at exaggeration, we shall be believed when we say that public opinion has been on the torn for some time ; that just now it is pretty evenly balanced; and that it only requires the carrying-out of a few more Ministerial threats, such as have been flying abont lately, to con sign Mr. Berry to jtheiimbo of oblivion. Hitherto the most estimable of our citizens have been for too apathetic in the exercise of their public rights and duties. It has actually been a boast with many of them that they take no interest in politics, whilst a conning match pr a race meeting have .possessed greater attractions for them "than an election for the Legislative Assembly. For want of proper organisation amongst them, many an election has been lost, and because the Constitutional party have never put forth their' 'foil strength, or have divided their votes amongst a plurality of candidates, the stonewall clique, by concentrating their efforts, have been able to put in their man, although he may have polled only one- fifth of theivptes on the:ri>lL We trust this trill be changed in future, and that all honest men who have anything to lose trill see the propriety of . .uniting in the present critical juncture of the affairs of the colony. There is plenty of material to work upon. He 30,000' electors of the Legislative Council wonld alone form a powerful phalanx to begin with, and, we presume there in lint: 'g roan amongst them who wonld refuse to- join a Jdw and Order: League. They ought all to be iffinyas individnaUy," and a low rate (X isabtonption would produce expenses; ,: At - tiiSftplnsatiott would b tumble1 other day to ibe Dberal Beforrn League when their landlord, Mr. Stutt, so warmly denounced them Ybr their . jshabbinese. He suggestion only requires to be taken np with spirit, and a healthy change will noon become jmanjfett in phbbc opinion. If the Melbourne people show any back wardness in laying the initiative, there is no reason why the men of the West sbonld not protect their own interests, by forming Mn association, with branches in the country districts. Late events have demonstrated that some of our leading residents are beginning to throw off that iauouciance which formerly characterised them, for by petitioning the Legislative Council, and addressing the Governor, they have testified that they are not unmoved spectators of what is going on. It would indeed be won derful if they were not by tins time awakened from their lethargy, seeing that property of all descriptions has been greatly depreciated in valne, that capital is leaving the colony, that Acts of Parlia ment are over-ridden by illegal Orders-in- Conncil, that attempts are making by superseding the Audit Commissioners to place the Treasury at the mercy of a lot of needy adventurers, and that after working all the mischief that can be brought abont by suspending in turn every function usually undertaken by nuvernmnn f. fnp flip nmtpftfl rtn nf lifft and property, it is contemplated by the party in power that matters may then be ripe for severing the Imperial connexion. Is this programme so very enticing that reasonable men can be found to throw np their caps in favour of it, or is it sufficiently repulsive to induce them to combine for their mutual protection against an organised band of communists eager for plunder % 