AN AMIAZON AND HEROINE. A FEW days since, while looking over one of my old log-books (a log and a diary com bined) I came across a minute which I made six-and-thirty years ago in Toulon. A woman, far advanced in years, had been brought before the preliminary court of the prefect on a charge of vagrancy, and furthermore of having disturbed the peace of one Jean Bigand's cafe. The woman re fused flatly to give her name. She said to the prefect, " I will not lie, M. Prefect, nor will I in this place give for record a name that has never been dishonored. You may call me l'Amazono." And so with a smile the scribe wrote it down. The publican's first charge was that the woman had come to his place and ordered wine and drank it when .she had not the money to pay for it. In answer to this the woman said that she had just six sons, which she had sup posed would pay for, a small measure ,of thin, sour wine. ,The man's second charge evidently set forth the cause of his,enmity.. The woman had struck him a blow - on the side of his head with her firt which had, knocked him down. In answer to this the Amazon said the publican had called her by a name with which she would not soil her lips by re peating it. While the prefect was considering, an old white-haired soldier, wearing the chev rons of a sergeant and recognized as a relic of Napoleon's Old Guard, hobbled forward upon one log and a pair of crutches, and asked permission to tell the woman's story as he know it. The permission was granted him; and from his story, told with deep feeling, it appeared thus : The woman's true name was Aurelio Victor. Her father had been a soldier, and had been killed at Fontenoy, under Marshal Saxeo. At the age of twelve years she had donned male clothing, and under the name of Victor Aureole had enlisted in Luckner's hussars as a drummer. At the age of one and-twenty she had laid aside the drum and taken the musket. When Napoleon took command of the army in Italy she was with him, and from that time to the closing scene of Waterloo she shared the dangers, the trials, the defeats, and the victories of the grand army. She had never been ab sent from her regiment a single day, either on furlough or from sickness, and of the brave she had been deemed one of the bravest. At the age of sixty-five she had laid down the musket because, from a wound, her sex had been discovered. She had served after that in the hospital; but she had been true to the Emperor to the last, and had been left in her old age with out a pension. At this point somebody whispered to the keeper of the cafe that if he wanted to save his skin he had better withdraw his charge, and lie was glad enough to do it. We will simply add that the few remain ing years of Aurelie Victor's life were ren dered peaceful and happy by a sympathiz ing circle of true friends. A CLAIMANT TO THE THRONE OF CHINA.-A curious personage, in whom some little in terest is taken by the Chinese, has arrived in Canton as a prisoner, together with his wives, mother, servants, and suite, num boring twenty-one persons in all. His name is Wong Sam-yee, a Chinaman hail ing from Chau-chau-fu, in Kwantung. About two months back, it appears, he took it into his head to imagine that he had a claim to the imperial throne, and pretended to have the power of healing the sick. He now asserts that he is the rightful Emperor of China, and has several hun dred adherents in Chau-chau-fu. The authorities took no notice of this fanatic for some time, until his assumptions began to attract attention among the natives, when they had him and his family arrested and brought to Canton, where he will be tried by the provincial judge. His crime is one that will find no mercy, and lie will in all probability find his pretensions nilpped in the bud by a sentence of death by the I lingering process. Wong Sam-yee is des cribed as a rather fine-looking man, dressed in mandarin garb, and with an imposing presence. He has few believers among the Cantonese, and there is not the ghost of a chance of any demonstration being at- 1 tempted in his favour. - North China Herald. Da. DALE'S IMPRESSIONS OF AMERICA.-In The Nineteenth Century, the Rev. Dr. R. I W. Dale of Birmingham, England, con eludes his paper on popular education in this country. He says : - " The worst buildings that I saw are those in New York. S* Some of the class-rooms were so crowded that I wondered how it was pos sible for the work to be done." * " * * Speaking of the opening exercises at the New York Normal College, Dr. Dale says : -" The young ladies were asked for decla mations: as there was no response, they were asked for quotations. Instantly one lady rose after another in every part of the hall, and without leaving her place, recited I a brief passage, sometimes in prose, some times in verse. They were chiefly from I English and American authors; but, if I remember aright, a few of the quotations were French. On the whole, the selections were creditable to the judgment and taste of the students. The eagerness of the young ladies to quote seemed almost as keen as the eagerness of honourable mem bers to speak during an exciting debate in the House of Commons. There was not a moment's pause from first to last. Then, as a matter of course, came the ominous 1 formula, which has now begun to sound E quite humorous. The person disguised under the flattering alias of a distinguished stranger had by this time become accus tomed to the manners of the country, and was not taken unawares. * * :: The average American teacher has an intellect nal freedom, refinement, and elasticity which are rarely found in the ex-pupil teacher, and which are not very common 1 even among masters and mistresses who have spent two years at a training-college, although there are some masters and mie tresses in English public elementary schools who are quite equal, in every respect, to 1 the best masters and mistresses in the pri mary and grammar schools in America. As far as I could judge--and I speakl wltll coinslteraDIe uistrusu o0 my own competency to form a very trustworthy opinion on the question-the actual know ledge of an elementary kind possessed by the children in American schools, know ledge that can be definitely tested by ex amination, is not much greater than that of children of the same age in our own schools. :; * In mere grind the American teachers are not much more successful than our pupil-teachers who are in the third or fourth year of their appren ticeship, but their higher and more liberal culture-to use a word of which I became rather tired while I was in New England has a very obvious effect on the children. Children of thirteen in an American gram mar school may not know very much more than children of the same age in our own public elementary schools, but they seemed td me to be.superior in general intelligence, and in what the Americans call brightness. In some of the more wretched districts of New York and Boston, I saw schools in which all the children were ex tremely poor; but generally the children of working men were sitting on the same forms with children belonging to families that in England would suppose themselves under an obligation to send their children to private schools. " . The presence in the common schools of a large number of children accustomed to the refinements of a pleasant and even luxurious home must have an influence on their less fortu nate schoolfellows which is not easy to estimate, and must greatly aid the work of the teacher. Very much of the teaching which I heard was, in a sense, too-good. Everything was made so plain and so easy that there was no hard work left to the scholars. This struck me again and again in the schools of every grade. " If the teachers did not teach quite so well, the results would, I believe, be better. * * * I will close this paper with ex pressing a rough judgment on the relative position of elementary education in Ame rica and England. When addressing the fifteen hundred young ladies in the Normal school of New York, I said: ' In your ele mentary schools you aine in advance of us, but so far as the results of your teaching which can be definitely tested by examina nation are concerned, not so far in advance as I expected. Ten years ago we were a long way behind, but we are improving rapidly, and if you intend to keep before us you will have to work.' " SERVANT - GALISnM.-The following rather amusing advertisement appeared amongst the wanteds in the S. M. Herald on Mon day. As the class of helps described are not singular to Sydney, we give it in full: -" Wanted, a female servant, who shall get good pay, but do little or nothing for her wages. She will not be allowed to bring her box until she sees the sort of place it is, so a bundle will do. She shall not be allowed to do the smallest bit of work over that she has engaged to do; and if any saving for her employer is noticed she must leave at once ; therefore, the gas must be left blazing away in the kitchen, pantry, laundry, scullery, her own room, &c.; Coals may be thrown away as they cost nothing. Bread and meat, &c.;, must be wasted, as it will do for the rats. Never mind how curtains and other things are torn in the wash as long as they are clean and dried with a nice yellow colour. Flowers can be broken from the plants for herself and friends, and as she is naturally an early riser, she may have the pick of the fruit from the trees. Every evening out, and I don't mind howy late she is coming home as long as she is contented and happy, I'll sit up for her and smile. 1Iy meals I want any time she likes. Never mind smashing things, I can afford to buy more, and they are made to break, not for her to take care of. She must dress well, with a train to her dress, and kid gloves, if you please, when she goes out, so that my friends may think it is a lady going out instead of my servant. Be sure not to re member what is told to her, so that I pan do the work myself. She may quarrel with other servants, it will only make me feel so happy that I will kiss her. My home is a servant's residence-a kind of refuge for the unemployed, where there is little or no work to do, good bed and feed, and a pre sent of money every week. I will wait upon her and oblige her in every way I can, and in fact, she shall be mistress, and when she leaves me I must have a written character from her, to show the next trea sure that will study my interest. Please send your photo.. with your Sunday clothes on. Address, Mrs. Convenience, Slavey Villa, Welcome- street, Sydney." CARE OF NEWLY-PLANTED TREES. - We have recently observed a good many newly planted grounds, in which a large portion of the shrubs have suffered injury from frost. This will greatly retard their growth, will kill many, and thus discourage the owner. All evergreens shifted from pots should be protected by a few boughs placed above and around them. Even hardy evergreens require this, because they are generally delicate when received from the nursery. All newly-set trees in the orchard as well as elsewhere would be much the better for mulching with litter before the end of September. The mulching should be four or five inches deep. In hot and dry summers the advantage is very great. Town and Country Journal. AMERaIAN NoTEs.-An American corre spondent to the S. M. Herald writes :-We have had an epidemic of eccentric crimes. The most curious, perhaps, is that of the public administrator at San Francisco, an officer who has charge of the estates of all persons who die withoiut relatives. Finding business singularly dull, he conceived the idea of making it brisk by murdering a man whose property would undoubtedly fall with in his jurisdiction. He broached this idea to a confederate, and the pair arranuged the means. They presented their victim with a bottle of poisoned cocktail, of which he drank and died. The public administrator however cheated his partner, and the result L_ _ .._ 11.^ ?o.1.',rl·~ & .. . & ? thes Deen terprising of cr.-In IU Jersey L city a the enterprising officer.-In Jorsey 'city a policeman has been murdered while lying by the side of his wife, and she did not give the alarm till the corpse was already cold. She has therefore been suspected of the crime, and has been kept by the authorities for a weekin a cell, without even a bed, and exposed to constant supervision. They have succeeded in nearly driving her crazy, but not in extorting a confession. The methods of the authorities are a successful revival from mediutval times, and are greatly denounced.-In New York there have been several daring highway robberies in broad daylight. In the most striking, the cashier of a firm was struck down and robbed of three thousand dollars in cash, and the thieves successfully escaped in a butcher's cart. On examination it seems that the robbers were part of a gang, directed by a I man named Big Jim Parker, who has a? respectable brother a salesman for a dry Sgoods house. The respectable brother has for years made it his business to ingratiate himself in the confidence of possible victims and then to give useful information to the rogues. The details are as startling as the most sensational portions of a French novel by Belot or Ponson du Terrail. A FASHIONABLE BELLE COMMITS SUICIDE. -At Boulogne the other day a suicide was committed by a young married lady who only two years ago was one of the belles of Berlin society. She was the wife of a sec rotary of tile Russian embassy, a young diplomatist who seemed to have a brilliant future in prospect. The baron had been engaged to the lady when still a child and pensionaire of the Sacre Coeur in Paris. When she came to Berlin after the marriage they launched into the greatest extrava gance. They rented a magnificent hotel, furnished it most superbly, held open houses, and held for some time the chief talk of Berlin. The lady, said to be im mensely wealthy, appeared in court in costly toilet, and rivalled majesty itself in bril liancy of display. The young couple, really possessed of a large income, soon exceeded their means; and in order to make up the deficiency the baron entered into heavy speculations on the Bonrse, which so rapidly increased his liabilities that a catas trophe was inevitable. Notwithstanding the efforts made by his relatives, as well as the Russian government, extremely an noyed at the public exposure of a leading member of its embassy at Berlin, the baron went through the court of bankruptcy. His wife, regardless of all appearances, did not hesitate to elope with a scion of a princely house, whose chief delight seems to consist of causing notoriety. The prince, whose ideal is apparently personification of an English jockey, soon abandoned her, and she, void of means, went to Paris, where she gave herself up to the questionable dis sipation of the modern Babylon. In a mo ment of remorse at her terrible fate she sought a premature death by blowing out her brains. Her husband, who joined the Red Cross Society in the last war, had for some time charge of the hospital at Sistova, and is now at Bucharest engaged in attend ance on the sick and wounded. REMINISCENCE OF LORD BEACONSFILD. Add to reminiscences of Lord Beaconsfield : -" I remember him well," says a writer in the Cincinnati Commercial, " when I was a young man, full of the same ambition as had animated himself twenty years before, I met him.. I was a member of the Literary and Scientific Institution iii Aldoisgate-st., London, in 1844, ainditj was; customary to hold semi-annual meetings that were pre sided over by rising eminent men. I hap pened to be appointed a member of the committee deputed to wait on Mr. Disraeli at his house in Park-lane, Piccadilly, to ask him to preside at our semi annual meeting. We did so, and were recieved by him and Mrs. Disraeli-the late countess of Beaconsfield - whom he had recently married. Of course we were received ele gantly, and my friend Parry being con sidered the best-looking and the best quali fied to address the rising statesman, he re quested Disraeli to preside over the semi annual meeting of the institute, and stated that the members would feel greatly in debted to him for any suggestions for its advancement. I shall never forget the ex traordinary look Disraeli gave Parry. With an eye that looked from out the soul, with a Mephistophelism that has marked his sub sequent career, he said to Mr. Parry: 'I shall have the honor to preside over your meeting, and Mrs. Disraeli will be present; but, by-the-by, I happened to be in the court of common pleas yesterday, and I heard your eloquent defence. If I should ever have any influence you can command me.' He afterwards made Parry a serjeant of law. Mr. and Mrs. Disraeli attended our meeting, and he made an eloquent address. The most extraordinary expression he made was: ' Man can be what he pleases. Every one of you can be exactly what he designs to be. I have resolved to hold a certain position, and if I live I will.' " A POWERFUL PLOUGH.-There hast just been constructed at La Crosse, Wisconsin, an immense plough, the parts of which weigh as follows :-Share, 892 lb ; mould board, 180 lb.; beam, 900 lb.; coulter and clasp, 180 lb.; clevis, 60 lb.; standard, 134 lb. The size of the beam is 161 feet and 10 by 17 inches; standard, 40 by 74) inches; mould-board, 8 feet by 26 inches; share, 54 feet by 12 inches. The plough is for the Chicago, Milwaukee, and St. Paul Railway Company, will cut a furrow 87 inches wide, is intended for ditching, and will be drawn by a locomotive. TnaININo A SHEEP-DOG. - COmmenCO breaking the pup when not older than six months. Pups from well-broke parents and ancestors on both sides of the kennel are most likely to prove sensible and easily trained. The best place to train the pup is on the road. In driving sheep on a journey he will learn more in a month than in herd ing on a range during summer. The first I thing is to teach the pup to mind your he doesn't come at once pinch his ears until he leards prompt obedience. A couple or more severe floggings are an almost in dispensable part of a pup's training, but be sure he knows for what offence he is being whipped. Let the punishment follow the offence promptly, and if it can't be admin istered then, don't whip him an hour or two later or when he has forgotten all about the matter. Nearly all directions to the pup should be given by motion of the hand. After your pup has learned to mind the word and is trained to march back and forth from one side to the other at the sweep of your hand, commence to teach him to pass up the side of the flock. To do this make a motion with your hand up the side you wish him to go,.throwing your arms out as you would direct a man beyond the reach of your voice, and call out "away up I" and he gets hold of your meaning. To teach him to go clear round a flock and so turn them toward you, repeat the motion of sending him up the side until he gets partly round the head of the flock and then call him down on the opposite side. After he has once learnt to go round the flock, a sweep of the arm from the side whence you wish him to start to the other in the proper motion accompanied with the cry " around them ! " Always call his name before giving an order and be sure to make the directing motion with your hand." To teach him to drive behind the flock in what-. ever direction you wish to go while leading on ahead, get the flock in a lane, yourself in advance, and if the dog undertakes tofollow . you, drive him back, and when he has got to his place keep an eye on him and sing out oc casionally " drive them up 1 " To train him to bark whenever you wish, make a fuss* yourself and so get him excited and then. sing out " speak to them ! " What makes a sheep-dog a shepherd, is the instinct natural or acquired, which leads him to trot to and fro behind stock, and a well-trained' animal will take as much pleasure in driv ing sheep as curs do in following a waggon. Always treat the dog kindly and rationally, and when compelled to whip him, when it is over pat him on the head to show you don't bear malice and to prevent him sulking. A KITTEN.-A boy at school, on being " asked to describe a kitten, made the follow-" ing graphic statement: " A kitten is chiefly remarkable for rushing like mad at anything. whatever and generally stopping, before it gets there!" That boy got a prize that half. A paper recently published the following item :-" A deaf man named Taff was run down by a passenger train and killed on Wednesday morning. He was injured in a similar way about a year ago." AMore than Two.-- Frankie (to Annie, who is eating a sponge cake) : " Annie, let me be your baby, and you feed me." Annie: " 0, no, Frankie, you cannot be my baby ;.. my baby must be in long clothes-one wot. can't eat no sponge cake." Smythe was telling some friends about a wonderful parrot. " Why," said he, "that parrot cries ' stop thief l ' so naturally that every time I hear it I always stop. Now, hang it, what are you all laughing about ?" An old black woman reciting her ex perience, said that she had been to heaven. "Did you see any of the colored ladies dar ? " asked a younger one. "0, you git out, you 'spose I went in the kitchen I was dar ? " " You didn't laugh at my stupidity before we were married ; you always said I was a ducki of a lo4r;'" grumbled a complaining husband.' " Yes, that's so," replied the wife, " and a duck of a lover is always a goose of a husband." An old maid was heard to exclaim, while sitting at her toilet the other day : " I can bear adversity, I can encounter hardship, and withstand the changes of fickle for tune; but 0, to live, and droop, and die like a single pink-I can't endure it; and what's more, I won't." When an unsophisticated Brooklyn girl gets her pompadour panier on before, in the excitement and nervousness attendant on the trial trip, her general resemblance to an Erie snow-plough is what makes people stop and stare at her in speechless amazement. 