JOSHUA HAGGARD. CHAPTEE XX1IL A STGSX WAS C03C5G. SCT THE WDEB5 TTBE Br THE AtTHOE Of "Ll©r ACDLET's SECECT,' 1 4 acsoxa ruixw &C-;, 4c. j STILI." J So life cotM hive bsec more self-contained : than Naomi's in this fail ftrcuner-tiint She cliim&I; srmpiihy frtn. no os^, but the anguish of her widow (si heart ill a K-solm* Tr>si Cynthia she shrank, with a fueling that was more nearly to aversion than rhe would hare liked to confess to herself. Wosislr instinct had fathomed the ovsteiT of Oswald's defection. She had looked lack, and remembered. ani weighed Lx-ks ani tones of his, which had bat faintly imj. reused Ler at the time, but which now, considered by the Ibht of his stth5*T3«rt con- «Iact. had fullest si^niffcanc*. His h*att hs! gastray, ani it ^ Cyr.:h:a. h*r fithe:'* : wifc-. that tms: heart Lai wir.der&i.; Xi! belli- The test»*ei l. il thi; f:r him. ar. i he- h'»i tr%akly ykM&L; Cy:itLia'§ chil li-h V.-auty. Cyiitlua's ::.rr.«%ntly ii^iple wayi, Lid allured him from the etraight pith cf rl^htejas dealing. He had str^rlel, pyjz »int«, fo^ht and striven with tie Evi] One. asd. Snding the poweri of darkats? ioy stroag for Lie. hsi turned and It was it was best 55. Xa-.xi level hie. with so fondly indulgent as lion—a pi^loii so uzjyAtiih—that the c juM fir.d it in her Lean to forgive him for bavins fsllen away frym her. .She could par-. 1 1 pity his, though he had taken the ; ii^-bt ar.d glory out of her life, and left her ! v.-01M empty an exhaa-tei crater. Eat she; cvildnot - j easily forgive Cynthia. H-;i father's wife should bavebeen above suspieijr.. unasiailj able by temptation. And if Cynthia had not ' shown some tokens of weakness. Oswald would ; sire'y have been stronger. Cynthia, the I wan leriiig -waif, cherished and garnered by j the meet generous of men. should have loved ; her husband with a love strong enough io j shield her from the possibility of temptation : j and yet in this false wife's pallid face, in the heavy eyes, and sad set lips. Xaomi read the secret of a guilty sorrow. She, Cynthia, grieved for the absent one—she shared Naomi's sacrfe"! grief, she intruded upon that privilige l domain of fond regret. The knowledge of this silent distress made Xaonii angry and unforgiving. One evening in the beginning of August, soon after Joshua's reading of Wtrtlur, Naomi walked alone in Pentreath "Wood. Such lonely evening rambles were her melancholy comfort, and this wood her favourite resort. Her wild garden had been neglected of late. It was too narrow for her grief. Jim, or Aunt Judith, or Cynthia might intrude upon her at any moment. Hut here in this wide shadowy wood; .she was really alone—no one to spy out her tears or offer humiliating pity ; no companions hut the stars high up yonder, shining through over- arching beech and oak: the unknown life in brambles and underwood, dry fern and last year's leaves, which were stirred now and then mysteriously by those unfamiliar creatures that make merry at night-fall, or by the distant hoot of some ancient owl, sounding ghost-like in the dimness, or the red-brown cattle lying in the gra.s.Sy hollows aud sheltered corners, restful but unsleeping. Here Xaomi could nurse her grief as she pleased. She could bring forth her sorrow from its hiding-place, and cherish and caress it, as if it had been a fondly-loved child. Here she recalled Oswald's looks and tones, when she bad believed him true, and lived over again the happy days in which he liad been all her own—the time before Cynthia camoand brought sorrow and shameful thoughts into Joshua Haggard's peaceful home, livery turn and wind of the dear old wood, every veteran oak, ferny bank, and knoll and hollow, was associated with that lost lover, and aided fancy to con jure up his image. Here he had read Jnnihoe, here Mnrmion. Here, in a Lazy mood, lie had lain stretched at full length, and told her tli3 story of Caleb Williams, and how he had once seen Kean play the pait of Sir JSdward Mortimer, in the iron Chest, at the little theatre in Exeter. Here, leaning against the silvery bark of this giant beech, lie had recited Bj'ron's "Isles ofGreecc," thrilled with a fervour which was almost inspiration, liappy irredeemable hours—the dead departed delights of life! Here, on this August evening, Naomi walked aud meditated. It was a dim and hazy twilight, with a pale new moon sinning faintly behind the tree-tops. The young trees and the under-wood beneath them had ghostly look in this half light. It might have been a scene made up of sliadows, , Hitter, beyond all measure of common bitterness, to remember the days—but a little while ago—when Naomi and her love had roamed lit ilus ,-y<yy wood, when there was but tlio reddirown glow 'of'coining foliage 011 &e; beech-boughs, and the chestnut fkos were stiE u&folded;, tod the ammopes whitened the hciknrs, and the April sky. always—the fair young ejek-nurse in her neat gay'gowE and little Quaker cap. She had bees with then, sharing all their talk; and Naomi had nothing suspected, nothing doubled. It was only now that she understood the drama in which her own part had been so sad a one —only no* that die could fathom the mean- •nr; of that low subJued voice, those pauses of : silence, and lapses into dreamy ihoughtfolness, which had marked Oswald's manner during this time. " It was then he began to care for her," she told herself. God help and pardon them both ; I do cot believe that either entered deliberately upsn this path of sin. But if Cynthia saw that he was e-j weak, so wicked, -he ought to have left the Grange at once: she otuht never to have seen him again. It was her doty." Easy enough to say this, but a moment's re5=ct:on showel Nsonii that it would Lave no easy thing to do. To avoid temp tition thus would Lave bec-n to crt-ate a scandal. And Oswald had made 110 confession of his weakness. Those subtle differences in his tones and looks may have been meaningless for Cynthia. " No," thought Naona. with a buret of very human passion, " she must have understood them: his words and looks must have been clear to her, for she loves him." Pondering thus—as she had pondered on many an evening since her lover's desertion, travelling over and over again the same ad thway of thought—Naomi came to the skirt f the wood and from the wood into the park, where the trees stood far apart, and the smooth s Tard rose and fell in gentle undulations. She odd see the house from this point How one'y it looked, how deserted; a gloomy dwelling that might have been so bright S " I was to have been a fine lady, with a draws-room and a conservatory," Naomi said to herself, full of bitterness: " Mid coaches were •) come rolling over the gtavel drive, where the weeds grow so thickly. And there were to be lights in all those windows; and music ounding in the night—a life like fairyland. Poor Oswald ! How he used to talk of our future ! And he was true then—he meant all he said. O, my dearest, my dearest," she murmured, with clasped hands, " I -wanted no lights or music: I wanted no grand visitors— no bliss other than this common world can give, while I had you ! My life would have been all happiness, had Providence made you the poorest of God's' poor, and our home a hovel, and our days fall of toil, if we had only Epent them together—if you had only been*true to me." She stopped, with tears rolling down her faded cheeks, tears that gushed forth unawares at the thought of what life might have been. She stood looking straight before her with those tear-dimmed eyes, looking at the dull old house. Not a gleam of light! Yes; the heavy hall-door opens slowly, and she sees the dim lamp within. A figure comes out of the dusky porch, and walks at a leisurely pace along the broad gravel terrace at the side of the house Naomi gave a faint awe-stricken cry, as if he had seen a ghost—a cry so faint that it could not reach the ears of yonder solitaiy dreamer pacing the gravel path with bent head. She turned, and hurried back to the wood, and was quickly lost in the darkness of that green mystery of oak and bec-ch ; and then, secure from observation, walked slowly home, meditating upon what she had seen. He had come back ; he who had said his path of life was to lie in other landshe, the self-banished exile, the new Childc Harold. Why liad he come! and was it for long 1 How was it that the village had not been aware of his coining, and made his return common talk—an inevitable consequence of such knowledge ? Had lie any purpose in returning secretly, in hiding himself from his little world • Naomi was perplexed and troubled by the unanswerable Questions. It was late when she entered the little parlor at home. Prayers were over and the family were seated in the usual formal array around the temperately furnished board. The huge junk of single Gloucester, nbout the size aud shape of one of those granite slabs which bestrew the path of the adventurous tourist who tempts tlie perils of the Loggan Rock, stood up in the centre of the table like a household idol, round which the family liad assembled for evening worship. The brown beer-ju"— simulating a portly figure in a three-cornered hat—occupied its accustomed corner. Everything was precisely as Naomi remembered it in her earliest childhood. The quiet monotony of life had never been disturbed by new crockery, or a change of form and colour in the vulgar details of existence. The Druids could hardly have lived more simply than Joshua Haggard. • J S Aud novrihat Uife inaiiiBpring ofIifo was broken; this aotilid wuuom waned odiotit j nay, almost unbearahJe. X*omi Jookad at the famiHar home-pictuie with a shudder. Affection gave ii no beauty in her eyea to-night. A fair enough picture of domestic peace from the outside, if there had been any one in the street to contemplate that candle- lit circle through the window; some vagabond, pec. chance, homeless, and deeming that there, must he blias in a home. Vet, aave honertA Jim, who sat munching his bread-and-cheeae with a countenance of equable discontent, there was no member of that family circle whose bosom had not its load of care. " Half-past nine, Naomi!" exclaimed Joshua, looking up reproachfully, as his daughter came into the room. The first time I've read prayers without yon since I can remember except when you've been ill. What has kept you so Jong!" I've been frightened," answered Naomi, looking not at her father, but at Cynthia. " I was in PentTeath Park,, and I thought I saw host." " A ghost, Naomi ? I thought you were t >0 good a Christian to believe in such folly." " Saul saw a ghost," inteijected Jim, with his mouth foil of lettuce, " and you wouldn't say that was folly." " Saul lived in days when God taught his children by miracles." " And if Providence chose to send a ghost io Combhaven, who's to hinder it I" cried Jim, with unconscious irreverence. " I'm sure ghosts are wanted—people are wicked enough. dare say the Cock-lane ghost would have done a deal of good if a pack of busy-bodies hadn't made her out an impostor. And there are the ghosts that worried the Wesley family. You can't fly in their faces," " Sit down to your supper, Naomi," aid Joshua, rebuking Jim's flippancy by a grave disregard which was more crushing than remonstrance : " you ought not to be wandering about so late of nights. It is not respectable." Naomi sighed and made no answer. Those weary ghosts in Dante's shadow world, wandering in their circles of despiir, might have felt very much as she did, had any accuser charged them with levity or unseemly conduct She looked at her father with eyes full of wondering reproachfulness, as if she would have said, Can vou, who know mv burden, upbraid me?" * "What about the ghost 1" asked Aunt Judith, sweeping her crumbs into a neat little heap with the back of het knife. Don't tell me it was Mr. Trimmer. Sally had the impu* dence to hint at his walking, only last Sunday night; but I think I stopped her tongue." Mr. Trimmer was a retired miliar who had died of dropsy "up street," and who was supposed to be not quite comfortable in his mind concerning the division of the property which he had left behind him, about which there had been some squabbling among his nephews and nieces. This disagreement of the millet's heirs had given rise to the Teporb of ghostly visitations of an erratic and unconsecutive character on the part of the miller. " I won't swear to his having walked," cried Jim eagerly: "but there have been groans heard down at the old mill That I can vouch for, because Joe Davis' father heard them when he was coming home from his work lastS atuidav night" " Why, Trimmer hadn't worked the mill for ten good years," exclaimed Aunt Judith. " What could he want down there t" " To look after the money he'd buried," re- plied Jim, with conviction. " You may depend that what he's left behind him above ground isn't half what he's left beneath." "Was it Trimmer?" asked Judith, letting her natural love of the marvellous got the better of common sense. " No," answered Naomi j "it was nothing but fancy, I dare say. The mists were rising —white clouds of vapour that looked liko tho shadows of tho dead." Let there be no more said upon the Bubject," said Joshua sternly. "It is siuful to dwell upon such folly. Eat your supper, Naomi, and let there bo none of those evening wanderings." It is not easy to eat when one is bidden. The home-made bread, sweet as it was, seemed bitter to Naomi's parched mouth. She drauk a long draught of cold water and held her peace, and there was silence till the end of tjie meal. Naomi lifted her downcast eye- lids once or twice, and looked at Cynthia with thoughtful scrutiny. There was nothing in the young wife's countenance to betray any knowledge of Oswald's return to tho Grange. There was only that settled saduoss which had become a part of that sweet face lately; ' ' , "She vpiH. know voty eoon, I darp say,'^ thoughtNafcni bitterly. "It is jiot to ino that he has cotno back." : Her heart burned with indignation, as if bynthia had, by some uuholy witchcraft, some' eubtle sUent exercise of wdinauly avtifico, lured the false lover back to Jier net.. Sliij would notgive.|)pr i: credit for innoboucQ,.ft/em-ftr > wpoji^cio^s yielding to.a; guiltyjlove. iN^it; tfas Cynthia's fault .that Oswald" had gone Had slio boon utroug in purity of ,wald would never have boon so woak Mien tho time came for bidding good . l?!Sd Cynthia approached with her pretty t rTlook and roaobud mouth ready to «• Naomi Vnnmi turnod luniuu away from -— her —— —& stepmother - •fu«stonv faoo. and left tho room in silence, ^hia looked alter her wonderingly, but t a wonl. She know but too well TAft meant. Oswald's trffichery had made rmns broach botweon thoiu. Her only hone was that Joshua had not seen that cruel repulse But ho had eoeii it, and formed his 0in conclusions thereupon. CHAPTER XXIV. FULL OP SCORPIONS. '•Will ho conic, will ho come to see me!" This was the question which Naomi asked herself when she arose next morning, to see another pocrlcss summor day smiling at her, but to feci none of the joys of harvest; only a heart as dull and desolate as if she had awakened to find herself amidst some dwindled lio^-forsakcn hand hemmed round by Arctic S(> 1?i What was summer to her, or harvest, or all tho common joys of life—joys that gladden hearts which are not broken ? All through tho feverish wakeful night tho same doubt had agitated Naomi's mind. Might not hor lover have repented and returned to her t So blessed a thing was just possible. He had loved her dearly onco; surely that old lovo could not die. Ho had often told hor that love was deathless. Fancy had gone astray, perhaps, and lovo had been true all tho time. Absence had taught him that she was still dear. 0, how tenderly she would have welcomed the returning prodigal, could she but be sure of his repent- ance, sure that her love could even yet make him happy I Thus argued hope; but dospair look the other side. lie had come back in secret for some evil purpose. He had come back to see Cynthia. This day would show if he meant well or ill. If well, he would not fear to show himself at Mr. Haggard's house. Ho would come and make peace with his betrothed. 0, long hours of waiting, between morning prayer and noontide—hours in which tho simple household tasks were performed, whilo tho girl's heart was given to alternate hope and despair! Would he come ? Would ho prove true and good, despite all that had gone before f Noon came, and dinner, and afternoon, and he did not appear. Hope died in Naomi'i breast. She went about the houso listlessly, yet was too restless to sit long at her work. It happened to be a busy afternoon in the drapery department, and Aunt Judith was too well employed behind the counter to observe ier mec e ' s 'die moving to and fro, or else there would have been the small bitterness of that maiden lady's lectures superadded to the great bitterness of Naomi's despair. Cynthia and Jim wore iu tho garden ihosc two wore very friendly just now. The poor little stepmother clung to tho honest outspoken lad in this time of cloud and brooding norm. Naomi's coldness cut her to tho heart. w i, , lhero was a RTeat gulf between 1«'and her husband. Of Judith's dislike and distrust she was inwardly assured. m Jim seemed fond of her, and he was o her husband's flesh and blood. The poor 1'ttlo taud *ul went out to him in'its "Bo you really like mo, James?" she asked X, a S 7 W , ero U P tho carnations in ga, en border, Cyntfiia's small face shaded by a dimity sun-bonnet. the t h ° W<mi ' C i ,nthk >" ^swered andifLn , unco n Hnonly fond of you; ak i, ^dT° n y 8how » little more spirit and W|,. r * 81,11 better opinion of vou, 81 3 1 L al, " f ™ to one or Lo an bats ' and „ r • ( «"*>« ^avd as briclc- Soi 1"' l^tyouce in a blue ordel tho IIUHH T * ^ hor lace to P b t wew rf 0 " l h n i \ dd r u «««tor her foot when and you onl V ^ ' ^ o u r mother now. Chacon b y» 8 - Wiy don'l rusty befom !„., . d Iofc a sido go - g r, U8 1,10 be^fc of it. ''"^'•and quoSw-,? 10 ? blc a,ld starves fi t Law t0 sho «vatiou iJ „ ^ • tliat Patience! I'm L r aU ^ Vvo 1,1 0 «no youujr I!, r I've grown up Co n y>]ns." b 1 nm u l )on such short wa8 Jg. Naomi m standing by J? tll ° She . in W 1 k uy tho window idle, her hanl idle, hor ^ Gently at the V to como of £° ndor ' % which Oswald 01 4 faithful " FT 5 tho Hunter. Poor eyes ^ ^enshe C',? 10 the , tears ^ camn ^ intn into lmi> hor u r »0d out to Zf U t H m H ' o had boon had 80cn llim looking over gansTn'n^r * 8aps m tho hedge, a haggard un- kempt breast. She had called him and coaxed him, and hold out hor hand to invito his approach \- j - and ho liad come . with a shy J sidelong -™v.vi. mti'f nlnsn 111I) rA llftM nM<] n«>AM flP 3 _ A 1 t 6 gait close up to her, and even sniffed at her in a friendly way, and then shot off like a sky- •Anlfnf rocket before hnfAMn "she «il>* could J caress , _ _ his 1 • 1 honosUmv 110U08t noso S^y Jim buret into tho parlour like a whirlwind. " I thought you was fond of those crinkly harts tongues I got for you ?" ho exclaimed, breathless with indignation. " So I am, Jim; very fond of them." " Then you'd bettor got a bit of black stuff out of tho shop and make yourself a mourninggown 1" " Are they dead ?" " They're as near it as anything in the fern lino can be—as yellow as tho inside of a poached egg, and half eaten by snails. How long is it since you've been in the wilderness?" " I don't know; a few days—a week, perhaps." " You'ro a nice young woman for an industrious brother to toil for! Tho place is as dry as an ashpit. What's tho use of my getting you fine specimens, if this is the way you treat 'cm? There's the parsley-fern crinkled up like a bit of whitey-browu paper. Cynthia and I have been giving the things a good dowsing; but they've been shamefully neglected. I should have thought you could have found time to look after them. You're not in the business," concluded Jim, with a superior air. "Don't be cross, Jim," faltered Naomi gently. " It was wrong of mo to neglect the ferns that you've taken such trouble to set for me; but I have not done any gardening lately; I have not been feeling well enough—" And hero Naomi burst into tears—Naomi, with whom tears were so rare. Jim had his arms round her in a moment, and was hugging her like an affectionate bruin. " There, there, there I" he cried ; " don't fret. I oughtn't to have been so cross. You 've had your troubles lately—father going and breaking off your marriage without rhyme or reason. Nobody ever heard of such 'tyranny. I'll bo sworn William Law, tho father of Methodism, is at the bottom of it. Suffering is good for us. It's blessed to deny ourselves. And my poor little sister mustn't marry tho man she loves ! Cheer up, Naomi; jt will all come right in tho end, I dare 6ay, though things are going crooked now. Don't worry about the wilderness. Cynthia and I are making things tidy—weeding and watering, and training the creepers over the rock-work. You can come down and look at us, if you like; it will cheer you up a bit." " I'll come presently, dear Jim," answered Naomi, drying her tears. " Be sure you do," said Jim; and then he hurried back to his work. Nacmi sat in the parlour for a quarter of an hour or so. She shed no more tears, but sat with dry eyes looking straight before her. Why had he come back ? Not for her—0, not for her! The day was nearly done. She could hear tho rattling of tea-cups in the pantry. Sally was getting her tray ready. That meant halfpast four o'clock. Naomi rose with a long lioavy sigh, and went out iu the garden. It was to please her brother she went. There was no pleasure or interest for her in earth or sky She walked slowly down the long straight ;ardcn path, were tho clove carnations and louble stocks were in their glory, and through the little orchard to the wilderness. Jim was hard at work—tho perspiration running down his forehead, his coat off, and hie shirt-sleeves rolled up to the elbow—dividing great tufts of primroses, and overgrown hart's tongue. Cynthia was on her knees weeding, a pretty picture of youth and fairness in tho yellow sunlight. Naomi stood end looked at her. What was tho cliarm in her that had lured her false lover ? Could tho eye of another woman see tho bait that had won weak and fickle man ; the enchantment which had wrought alike upon tho strong man in his meridian of knowledge and wisdom and tho youth in his folly? Yes, the charm revealed itself even to tho cold oyo of a resentful rival. It was not so much absolute boauty wliich allured iu this nameless waif as a soft and gracious innocence, a flower-like loveliness, that stole upon mind and heart uuawares. She charmed the senses, as roses and lilies do in the early morning whilo tho dew is still on them. She appealed to tho eyo and hold it, like some picture which, in a long gallery, stands out from all other imagos, and transfixes the spectator. She stole upon tho soul like music hoard aflar off on a river in tho still summer night. Nor was it this outward charm of perfect fairness and grace only which attracted. The soft lovablonesa of her disposition accorded with the tender grace of hor beauty. Sho had tho clinging affectionatoness of a soft and yielding nature; a humility of spirit which 1 mado hor ready to reverence the strong; a tenderness of heart wnich inclined her to pity the vuo weak. nwu, In I.U one uue word worn £ sho was lovable—a woman created to bo loved. I ,° ok 1? d ftt her M of ' bitter thoughts. For tho first time in her life she envied tho gifts of another. Sho felt all the good things that Providence had given her of no account when weighed against the bewitchment of fair looks and winning ways. " How wicked I am growing!" she thought, shocked at her own bitterness. " There !" exclaimed Jim, pulling down his shirt-sleeves; " I think I have done a tidy afternoon's work. You'll havo oceans of primroses next year, sis." " If they don't all die," said Naomi, not hopefully. "Do you think it's quite the right time for moving them ? " " Primroses !" cried Jim. " As if you could hurt a primrose! I know what I am about, sister. They wouldn't take any harm by my moving if they were tho delicatest (lowers iu a hot-houeo." Ho pulled on his coat, put away trowel and rake, and came out of tho wild garden into the orchard. Cynthia rose too, with an absentminded sigh, and followed him. " Now look here, little stepmother," he said, in his patronising way; " you'd better go in and make yourself tidy for tea, while I show Naomi what I have done to her primroses." Cynthia obeyed without a word, and left them. Jim tucked his sister's arm under his own, and began to perambulate the orchard. " What's tho matter, Jim ?" " Cheer up, old woman ; I've got some good news for you. I won't see you trampled upon, not if I can help it. I won't have your early affections blighted, and young Pentreath sent to the right about, if I can prevent it. Don't be afraid, sis; I'll stand by you." " Jim, what do you mean ?" cried Naomi pitcously. " I've got a letter for you." Naomi's heart leapt with sudden overwhelming joy. Oswald had written. Thank God, thank God ! She was not utterly forgotten. "A letter, Jim?" clasping his arm rapturously. " How did it come ?" " How should it como ? He brought it him self, of course." "And gave it to you? You saw him 1 Dear, dear Jim, tell me all about it. How is he looking, ill or well ?" " White and fagged; as if he'd been going to the—well, you know—all the time he's been in London. I only just caught a glimpse of him above the wall." " And he gave you the letter—" "No, that's the fun of it. He didn't see me. It was just as I came,back to the wilderness after I left you in the parlour. Cynthia was sitting reading on tho bench yonder. Just as I came to the gate, I saw a pale face look over the wall; and then a white hand went up and threw something over. It fell among the ferns, not a yard from stepmother. But she never saw it; that was tho lark. Her noso was in her book, poetry or some such trash. I gave a whistle, and off went my gentleman like a shot—scared away." " And what became of the letter ?" "Why, I picked it up unbeknown to Cynthia, when her back was turned. It's wrapped round a stone. There's no address on it— too artful for that—but I knew the party it was meant for." " Are you sure it's for mo?" asked Naomi, trembling a little. That exceeding great joy fainted iu hor heart. A letter unaddressed, and thrown at Cynthia's feet! "Of course it's for you. Stepmother sat with her back to tho wall, and her head and shoulders smothered in that great sun- bonnet of hers. Ho might easy take her for you." " Give me the letter, dear," said Naomi, with suppressed eagerness. Ho handed her a little parcel—a goodislisized pebble packed neatly in a shoot of letterpaper, and carefully scaled with tho coat-ofarms which had hung a year ago from tho Squire's fob. " Ain't you going to read it ?" demanded Jim, as his sister stood looking at the packet. " Not just yet, dear. I had rather read it when I am quite alone." " 0 my 1" ejaculated Jim. " For fear some of tho lovo should run over, like clouted cream that hasn't sot properly. What it is to be in lovo ! Well, sis, I'll leave you to tho enjoyment of your love- letter, whilo I go and ciean myself." He ran off, leaving Naomi alone iu tho orchard. Foar held her hand for a moment, though hope whispered that this little packot was full of comfort and sweetness. It had fallen at Cynthia's feet? said fear. Was it not possible that it had been meant for Cynthia? She broke tho seal and carefully unfolded the sheet of Bath post—tho fair wide paper which our forefathers used when letters were worth having. (To be continued.) 