THE CONSECRATION OF ST. PETER'S CATHEDRAL. The 29th of June, 1869, was a memorable day in the history of the Church of England in this Diocese, it being the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of St. Peter's Cathedral by His Excellency Sir James Fergusson, but the Ist of January, 1878—the Feast of the Cir cumcision—was a still more memorable one, as it witnessed the consecration, with the fullest rites «nd -ceremonies of the Anglican Church •nd with the assistance of two reverend pre lates from Victoria, of a Cathedral Church where die worship of the Almighty will be free to all who choose to enter and worship Ww apart from such hindrances as or dinarily operate to a ureat extent in pre venting many from on^r-ing the House of God. Formaay yean His Lordship the Bishop of 4^.hy. regarded the want of a Cathedral Church as one of the most pressing wants of bis diooeoe, and he lost no opportunity of hastening the erection of such a building. He wstked most strenuously in the osuse, and it mint be a matter of sincere congratulation to nun that his efforts have been crowned with ■in itm The Society for the Promotion ef Christian Knowledge gave £1,000 to wards" tbe fond, and a similar sum was beguertied by the late Captain Allen. Sir "Tiiwrs 'Fetgoaaon gave £60 a year during his term of office, aad considerable sums were added to fund by aevexal colonists of standing, and the balance required was raised ty general •obscriptkm*. The land oh which the Cathedral elands, at the comer of Pennmgton-terrace and the road leading to North Adelaide, was pur chased for £1,000, and enclosed with an orna ■aeatal brick and stone wall. The plans were nepared by Mr. Butterfield, the eminent Eng lish architect, bnt in erecting the present ration of the building Mr. Woods, of the inn of 'Woods & MnVhui, who has had the •uperinte&danoeof.the; work, has had,inconse quence of the alterations in the materials used and for other reasons, to provide altogether been drawings and supply the details. The present building includes the chancel, the choir, the transepts, and one bay of the nave. yfhea tbe whole at the design is finished the building will be 172 feet in length internally, exclusive of tbe porch, and 202 feet externally. The width of the nave and aisles is 59 feet between the walls, and the nave itself 32 feet 9 inches from centre to centre, of tie columns. The height of the walls to the plate is S3 feet, and the ridge 95 feet. Mean. Brown k Thompson were the con tractors *t a cost of over £15,000, and it is cal culated that an additional £10,000 will be required to complete the original design. As .we have alrtady stated, the foundation-stone was laid by Sir James Fergusson on the 29th Jane, 1869 ;- and by the 90th March, 1876, the building was so far completed as to allow of it? being opened -free of debt. On that day a abort thanksgiving service was con ducted by His* Lordship the Bishop af Adelaide. Since then services have been regu . larly held, and the interior properly furnished and made quite suitable for public worship. On Sunday, the 30th December last, an octave or eight day?? festival was commenced with full .cfadrat'ati tinwymrt on the morning of that day the sejCmob was preached by the Bight Be verend Dr. Moorhouse, Bishop of Melbourne, the ser mon at evensong being preached by the Bight Beyerend Dr. Thornton, Bishop of Ballarat. Ou Mghfltv P nirl iT r<Hil, ma%ns tod evensong .jrg*«a)tteated. -. .•:..•.. .. Up to half-past 9 on Tuesday morning a large number of p*" 1' were admitted by ticket, and at that hour the front door of the Cathedral was thrown open and the spacious building was soon crowded, a number of persons having to stand. At 10 o'clock the Cathedral choir and the clergy walked in procession from the vestry to the principal door of the Cathedral and along the centre aisle.singing tbe 3£oth Hymn, u Brightly gleams our banner," to tbe organ transept, where the choristers took their seats, and the clergy passed on to tbe seats on the lower gradual of the Sanctuary. The Dean and Chapter, who had robed in the chapter vestry entered and took their seats. The Bishops robed in the Bishop's vestry. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, attended by bis chaplain bearing hi pastoral staff, took his place in tbe centre of the upper gradual of the Sanctuary with their Lordships the Bishops of Melbourne and Bal larat an his right and left. The Bishop of Ade laide commenced the service by saying the first verse of the 24th Psalm—" Domini est terra," the clergy and choir chanting the remainder. The Bishop's Registrar, Mr. H. S. Anthony, ac companied by the Bishop's Vicar, the Bev. Dr. Dendy, then presented to His Lordship the deeds of conveyance and trusts of the building, which he placed upon the Holy Table. He then began the Consecration Service, which included the following prayers:—" Dearly beloved in the Lord: for as much as devout and holy men, as well under the law as under the Gospel, moved either by the secret inspiration of the Holy Spirit or by the express command of God, or by their own reason aud sense of the natural decency of things, have erected houses for the public worship of God, and separated them from all profane and common uses, in order to fill men's minds with greater reverence for His Glorious Majesty, and affect their hearts with more devotion and humility iu His service; which pious works have been approved of and graciously accepted by our Heavenly Father: Let us not doubt but that He will also favor ably approve our godly purpose of setting apart in solemn manner this place for the several offices of religious worship, aud let us faithfully and devoutly beg His blessing on this our undertaking, and say—O eternal God, mighty in power and of majesty incompre hensible, whom the heaven of heavens cannot contain, much less the walk of temples made with hands, and who yet hast been graciously pleased to promise Thy especial presence in whatever place even two or three of Thy faithful servants shall assemble in Thy name to offer up their praises and supplications unto Thee. Vouchsafe, O Lord, to be present with us who are here gathered together, with all humility and readi ness of heart, to consecrate this place to the honor of Thy great name, separating it from henceforth from all unhallowed, ordinary, and common uses, and dedicating it to Thy service, for reading Thy Holy Word, for celebrating Tby Holy Sacraments, for offering to Thy Glorious Majesty the sacrifice of prayer and £Zk&li;~« >ai thanksgiving, for blearing Thy people in Thy Name, and for the performance of all other Holy Ordinance*. Accept, O Lord, this service at oar hands, and bless it with Buch success as may tend most to Thy glory, and the fur therance of our happiness both temporal and spiritual, through Jesus Christ our Blessed | Lord and Saviour—Amen." The following sentence of consecration was then read by the Very Rev. the Dean of Ade laide, and was delivered by the Bishop to the Registrar to be preserved in the Registry of the Diocese:— "In the name of God. Amen. " Whereas by the voluntary gifts and offerings of divers members of the Church of England and others, as well as of the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge, this building has been errcted at part of the Cathedral Church of the Diocese of Adelaide, and furnished for divine service—Now we, Augustus, by divine permission Bishop of Adelaide, do by our ordinary end episcopal authority consecrate it to the worship of Almighty God the Father, Jthe Son, and the Holy Ghost, to be celebrated according to the doctrine, formula ries, rites, and ceremonies of the Church of England in Australia and Tasmania, and we do hereby dedicate it as the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in the City of Adelaide, separating it from also profane and common uses. "Signed aud published in the Cathedral Church of tit. Peter, Adelaide, thu Ist day of January, in tbe year A J>. 1678, and in the 31st oi c ir consecration. "A. AdBLAIDB. (li-S.) " Entered— H. S. Anthony, Registrar, Diocese of Adelaide." lhe 215th Hymn—"He is the Head of the Body, the Church," was then sung, after which Matins were commenced by the Bishop's Vicar, the First Lesson— 1 Kings viii., 22-62 (inclusive) being read by Archdeacon Dove, and the Second Lesson- Hebrews x, 19, 25, inclusive, by Canon Farr. The following were the proper Psalms:—baoriv. (•' Quam dilecta "), exxii. (" Loetatus sum "), and exxxii. (" Memento domine "). After the .third collect for Grace, the anthem, "I will give thanks," was sung, and the Bishop then began the service of the Holy Communion; and after the Kicene Creed the 74th hymn—"That God in all things may be glorified "—was sung, and the Epistle— Ephesians ii., 13—was read by the Archdeacon; and the Gospel—S. John ii., 13-18 —by Canon Coombs. His Lordship the Bishop of Melbourne then preached the Consecration sermon, taking for his text the third verse of the sixth chapter of Isaiah—" And one cried unto another, and said, Holy, Holy, Holy, is the Lord of Hosts: the whole earth is full of His glory." He Baid :— There is good reason for believing that the 6th chapter of Isaiah contains the history of the prophet's call to his office; and is thus, if not the first published, at any rate the first revealed of his inspired visions. In the year that King Utriah died, while yet the aged monarch lay in a lazar-house awaiting in shame the day of his rapidly approaching death, Isaiah (according to Jewish tradition) his youthful cousin, became suddenly ain the spirit." Pon dering perhaps the peaceful prosperous past, the doubtful H^rfriing future, it pleased God to show him a remarkable vision. So far as we can gather—judging from certain independent features of the symbolism—the scene of it was not the earthly, bat the heavenly temple. We find ourselves transported to some mighty star-doomed hall, in the midst of which is a throne, " high and lifted up." Upon this is seated the Lord God of Israel, clad in a glorious robe—the skirts or train of it spread abroad so amply that, as far as the prophet can see, they cover the floor of the Temple. The only other occupants of this vast celestial palace are tha floating forms of the seraphim. Each of these heavenly beings, upborne on two mighty ex tended pinions, hovered continually in mid-air, around the throne and above the outspread robe of God. Two other wings he folded over his face, and with two more he hid his feet from the 91ory of God's mantle. These composite forms of the hovering seraphim form a feature of this sacred symbolism as mysterious at first eight as it is important. Light we shall find wfll be thrown on its meaning by certain explanatory additions to it which are fur nished in the 4th chapter of the book of tbe Revelation, where indeed it is subtantially repeated. There, as in the text, we have pre sented the emerald-circled throne and the six wicged seraphim, the august Divine Presence and the resounding antiphonal Ter-sanctus with which ,that Presence is adored. There, how ever, we find besides what is absent in tbe earlier vision — the four-and-twenty elders enthroned as representatives of the Church around tbe throne of the victorious Lamb' I have said that this addition to the symbolism is to be regarded as explanatory, and I believe that a careful consideration will show it to be so, for, first, we have here, it will be seen, symbolical representatives of all who are actually sharers of tbe new life of Christ—the Lord Jesus, its source and centre; and His redeemed Church, its subjects and participators. No other can actually partake of this life besides these two, for only these two have any part in that mystical body with in which it dwells. What room then is there it mry be asked, for additional symbolism? Of whom or of what can the forms ef the seraphim be significant? Let your thoughts rest devoutly far a moment on the form and position of these figures, and I think you will not find it difficult to decide. In form the seraphim, or " living ones," are composite—they are made up, that is to say, of parts and organs taken from various devoted objects, and as such are obviously better adapted for representing ideas than personali ties. They have the strength of the lion, the patience of the ox, the swiftness of the eagle, and the spirituality of the man. Yea, they are throughot inspirited, " fuU of eyes without and within," of tile pervading incessant alertness of I. divine insight. Their name is " the living ones," ; those who are "pure essential life." And to this ' character' their position corresponds not less - than their appearance. At first this position seems extremely puzzling, for they are said to be both in the midst of the throne and round about the throne both in* the position of the Lord and of the church." What then is it, let ns.ask, which is common to the Lord and to the church ? What is it which, while it sits on the throne with Him, at the same time surrounds tile throne in tbe persons of His adoring people ? Can there be a moment's doubt ? What can it be, but tliat redemptive life, which centred in Him, is communicated to them, through praaching, through sacrament, through prayer? Can we not see, then, why the Cherubim are called " the living ones;" and why in form they are such as to represent the excellent qualities of the life divine? rit is because they are ideal forms; because they, represent the divine life in idea, uncmbodied and unrealised, even as the Lamb and the Elders represent its realization and personification in the Lord and his mem ken. But what in the nse, you may ask, of such a sjmbolifm? What difficulty does it make clearer to us ? or,-what important idea does it enable us more clearly to- express? Let me endeavor to show you. Suppose that we de sired to represent in a vivid and striking form tt*e : character of that divine life which we derive from our Blessed Redeemer, how could this best be done ? We would not reverently attribute its characteristic form, or assign its distinctive utterance to the Redeemer Himself, seeing that He is more and greater than the life He won for as. Neither could we appro priately represent the essential qualities of this life in the words or person of a saint or elder, seeing that the very best and greatest of these is worse and less than the life which was given to him. If, then, to aay-taason itfe desirable to represent the onmtisl character of the life of Christ it U clear That a separate and Imper sonal symbolism must be employed for the purpose. Bat is this ever desirable? Certainly on such an occasion as this. When we are assem bled to set apart this noble building to the perpetual worship of Almighty God, it is well before joining in those sacred forms, those spirit stirring songs with which we are so familiar, to ask ourselves what they mean, and whether they be tbe fittest forms in which we could utter our praises and expirations to God. .Sub stantially, then, our queetion'amounts to this— what is the highest ideal of Christian worship, •and what is the worthiest form of its expres sion ? Christian worship, I answer, is the voice of the Christian life uttering its deepest and holiest feelings before the throne of God. What then is the highest form of that utterance? We shall learn its highest form if only we can hear (what seems at first sight an impossi bility) the voice of that life in that situation untroubled by a single taint of the per sonal imperfection of its partakers. But bow Isaiah and St. John enable us to hear this, for the voice of the seraphim of " the living ones" is the pure incessant out- breathing of the life of Christ, as it rises to the ear of the Father undiminished in volume by the limitations of ignorance, and uutroabled iu har mony by the discords of earthliness and sin. And what then is the utterance of this life?— the full outbreaking of this life essential, as it swells forth eternally from the earth, and the heavens, and the throne of God. Listen, my brethren; listen to the wondrous sounds which broke on the ear of the rapt prophet at Patmos at Jerusalem—"Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which is, and which was, and which is to come; the whole earth if fall of his glory." Higher than that the voice of worship is unable to rise; it is the very floodtide of adoration and praise. When our worship ap proaches the rapture, the iutentness, the holy unconsciousness of that, it approaches to the perfect adoration of Heaven. And as a matter of fact when the life of her Ascended Redeemer first filled the heart of the expectant Church with unmeasured Pentecostal abundance, it burst forth through the weak barrier of the flesh like a mighty river, pouring itself through all the channels of human expressiou iu on vast floodtide of praise. It struck thus the heavenly keynote of public worship for the Church of God; and ever since those days, century after century, tbe Church has felt herself the earthly organ of that Pentecostal spirit—standing in the midst of the earth as the visible body of Christ bound, yea impelled by the Holy Spirit within her, to celebrate in the midst of a niockiug, blaspheming- world, the majesty of her Re deemer—God; taking good heed that in tlie great confluence of thote tides of praise which swell upwards to God's throne from every pro vince of creation, the tribute of earth, of earth the favored and redeemed, shall not be utterly unworthy of the love it celebrates, so that if heaven sings to earth, " Worthy is the Lamb that was slain to receive power and riches and wiEdom and strength and glory and blessing," the Church shall be found ready to catch up and re-echo the cry, " Blessiug aud honor, and glory and power, be uuto Him that sitteth on the throne and uuto the Lamb for ever and ever—yea, so that the earthly elders (when they hear the Ter sanctus of the living ones) shall cry with their heavenly brethren —"casting down their goldeu crowns upon the glassy sea"—''Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory aud honor and power, for Thou hast created all tilings, and for Thy pleasure they are and were created." This is the true note of the Church's voice on earth—the noteof thanksgiving, adoration, and praise. Uttering this voice she worships God; restraining this voice (no matter how much she prays and teaches) she leaves her highest func tion unattempted. How far, then, let us ask, has our own Church provided us with the means of such worship as this? How far can this exalted function be discharged by the members of God's Church in this Diocese, when in this their Cathedra! Church they take into their lips the words of their ancient liturgy? First of all observe that they are provided with common forms—and when we remember that the bulk of our worship should be praise, surely the necessity of such forms becomes at once apparent. One man may pray for others, and we may regard their answering Amen, as in some sort au agreeing -together in what is asked, but for many to praise together without common forms is simply impossible. What then has happened where common forms have been abandoned ? That public worship has sunk down into public prayer and preaching, and that but for the few hymns that are sung the Church's highest function is in such communities un attempted. How is it then in the services of tbe beloved Church of our fathers. Observe first the history aud genesis of our forms. They have been gathered from the choicest prayers and praises of every country and age; from the devotious of the old Covenant aud of tha uacv ; from the liturgies of Jew and Genti!o, of Greek and Boman, of tile West aud of the Bast; of the jubilant Church of the Constanrines, and of the persecuted Church of the Catacombs. Whenever and wherever these broke from the depths of any regenerate heart, in moment of unwonth inspiration, some lowlier acknowledment of sin, some loftier ascrip tion of praise, it was caught at once by the wakeful ear the Church; it was treasured in her memory, it was enshrined in her liturgies, and so passed ou to the 'ages following, as their most precious de votional legacy; inspirited with the richest feeling, and fragrant with the sweetest praises of the venerable past. It was out of so glorious a storehouse that onr saintly forefathers of the Reformation culled for us the choicest treasures —jewels without blemish and gold without alloy. Catching their sweetest tones from a thousand voices of the saintly past they blent them for us into s matchless harmony of prayer and praise—a service so rich and full, a liturgy so puie and heavenly, that it has extorted the warmest admiration from those even who have wilfully deprived themselves of its comfort. But now to answer more particularly our principal question—What means are provided as in our liturgy for discharging that principal function of public worship—the praise and adoration of our Heavenly. Father for his infinite love and in our redemption? Let us gather our answer to this question, from that portion of our Liturgy, which being most commonly used, is best and most generally known—our Daily Services. Observe how closely in these our Church has followed the Heavenly ideal of Worship.; how largely her public offering and testimony consists of the sacrifice of praise. We are not pure like the angels, and so we gird and prepare onrselves for this sacred enter prise, by public confession and prayer. But no sooner have we heard the comforting declaration of God's pardon to the penitent, than we break at once into the loud challenge aad responsa "Praise ye the Lord"—"the Lord's name be praised." First then, with the Venite exidtemus —" O come let us sing unto the Lord," and then with the heart-thrilling hymnody of the sweet Psalmist of Israel we lift up the voice of our praise to Him that redeemed us. Is there then a pause in the torrent of our song ? It is only that we may find for it fresh occasion in listening to the record of God's redeeming love from the Old Testament and the New, it is only that having heard our praise may burst forth afresh to the Divine Invincible Conqueror in such strains as these—" We praise thee, O, God; we acknowledge thee to be the Lord. All the earth doth worship thee. To thee all angels cry aloud. To thee Cherubim aud Seraphim con tinually do cry Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God of Sabbaoth, heaven and earth are full of the Majesty of thy i Glory." Here, in this voice of the living ['ones — symbols of pure re demptive life—the song reaches its climax; here the daily antliem culminates, and from thence it descends again through psalm and creed,and versicle, to those prayers and giving of thanks for kings and priests and all men, with which, according to apostolic injanctiou, we bring our worship to a close. And it has been emphatically worship, not prayer merely for the supply of our own wants, but worship addressed to God for His greatness—worship as it is due from the Church, as it is rendered by tbe angels, as it swells for ever through the holy Courts above. Oh, that you knew the value of your privileges, brethren—that you knew the dignity and felt the blessedness of standing in your lot and offering your spiritual sacrifice, as priests and kings unto God. Oh, tbfct you felt the Church to be what it is—the body of Christ, the temple of the Holy Ghost, the earthly presence-chamber of the King of Heaven—its Courts covered by His robe, its ardies made awful by the floating forms of the seraphim. Yes, my brethren, the Church of Christ even in our days, shorn as it is of its miraculous glory, composed as it is of members such as we, so weak and ignorant, so trembling and unbelieving is yet nothing less than the earthly organ and dwelling-place of the Holy One. And still in our assemblies for prayer and worship there is the brooding of an Almighty Presence; and still in the pro clamation of the glad tidings of great joy there is the effectual pleading of the Sacred Guide; and still at our feast of love, where>e break the bread of salvation in the name of Him that died, there is Jbestowed amid the kindling and diffusion of the eucheristic kve for the secret gift of the Blessed. And, oh! bretheren, if we find our souls to be earthly and torpid, slow to feel and slower to respond to the quickening touch of a present Spirit, let us then glance upward to that heavenly temple filled everywhere with the flowing skirts of the robe of God—filled and shaken witli the thunderous roll of that celestial anthem—"Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of Hosts; the whole earth is filled with His glory." There is the image of onr Ascended King, the Holy Almighty Lord; aud there, not less, the bright picture of our destined futuro— " the whole earth filled with His glory." Gazing ou that image and future we lose all our doubt and all our fear. Not for ever shall the Church go on languishing in that darkling dealb-in life with which our faithlessness has made us too familiar. No; here stands the King, and here swells the promise—"the whole earth shall be full of His glory." Already it comes to us across the dark spaces, the first faint flush cf that glorious daybreak, when " the eyes of them that see shall not be dim;" when •' the wilderness and the solitary place shall be glad for them, and the desert shall rejoice and blossom as the rose f when over the the glad, regenerate earth •' The Sou of Right eousness shall arise with healing in his wings;" when "every eye shall see the King iu his beauty," and "sorrow and sighing shall flee away." Anticipate that vision, dear brethren. Dwell by faith in the bliss of that future, that bringing with you into God'e earthly^ courts something of the bright gratitude they give you may swell with a louder voice and a gladder heart the ascending tide of the Church's trium phant praise! The offertory services were then read by the Dean and sung by the choir, tbe offertory of the congregation being at the same time col lected and presented by the Bishop npon the Holy Table. His Lordship then said the prayer for the Church militant, after which ha said the following prayer: —"Blessed be Thy name, O Lord God, that it pleaseth Thee to have Thy habitation among the sons of men, and to dwell in the midst of tbe assembly of tbe saints upon earth: Bless, we beseech Thee, the religious service of this day, aad grant that in this place, now set apart for Thy service, Thy Holy Same may be worshipped in truth and purity to all generations, through Jesus Christ our Lord —Amen." The remainder of the Com munion Service was then proceeded with, the Chapter's Vicar, Archdeacon Dove, saying the General Confession. After the Bishop had received the Communion in both kinds himself be delivered the same to the other Bishops, who delivered them to the clergy and people, the Bishop and Dean of Adelaide administering on tbe Gospel side and the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat on the Epistle side of the Holy Table. Immediately before the final blessing the Bishop read the Collect for Unity, and the service closed with the Recessional Hymn, 242— "Lord, I have loved the habitations of Thy house, and tbe place where Thine honor dwelleth." The following clergymen were present:—A. Deudy, D.D. (Bishop's Vicar), F. S. Poole, M.A., J. Follitt, K. Beid, \V. B. Andrews, F. Williams, UJI., W. H. Sharp, M-A., J. C. Haynes, Pro fessor Bead, MA., T. Field, M.A., S. Green, C. W. Morse, B^, H. M. Pollitt, F. Hocter, 8.A., E. T. Howell, M.A., A. Sells, M.A., C. \V. Haw kins, E. Jenkins. E. K. Miller, J. Houghton, O. Houner, H. Williams, J. M. Donaldson, F. W. Marshall, J. Bach, H. Howitt.and W. H. Mudie (priests), and Fred. T. Whitington and W. J. Bu&sell; (deacons). During the service, which was intoned and sung throughout, Mr. Boult presided at the handsome and finely-toned organ which has jiibt been erected in the Cathedral. A IXNCHEON tc-ok place in the Town Hall in the afternoon, at which about 150 ladiei and gentlemen, in cluding many members of the Church of Eng latd e'ergy and laity, were preseut. His Lord ship the Bishop of Adelaide (Dr. Short) was in tbe chair, l>eing supported on the right by the Bight Kev. Dr. Moorhouse (Bishop of Mel bourne), and on the left by tbe Bight Kev. Dr. Thornton (Bishop of Ballarat). The Hon. Neville Blyth (Minister of Education) occupied the vice-chair. After an excellent luncheon, catered for by Messrs. Bedman & Smith, had been done justice to, the usual loyal toasts were honored. The Chairman in proposing " The Health of the Governor," said there were few things which could be regarded in various aspects, and in giving the toast of Sir William Jervois it was in the Governor's twofold aspect as the worthy representative of the Queen, and as a loyal, faithful, and sincere churchman. (Applause.) The Chairman gave "The Health of the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat," speaking in high terms of their attainments in letters and divinity. It was said that good wine needed no bush, but perhaps he should not draw an illustration from that antiquated pro verb, because his friend on the left was a tempe rance man—he did not touch wine. (Laughter.) In the visit of two such distinguished clergy men as the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat, to be present at the consecration of the new Cathedral, they could not but rejoice, and he was sure the health he proposed would be drank with enthusiasm. (Applause.) Dr. Thohkton (Bishop of Ballarat), who was received with loud applause, said it had been arranged between his brother of Melbourne and himself that Dr. Moor house should return thanks for both ou that occasion for the way in which their health had been drunk, and he should not have said anything had not a remark of His Lord ship Dr. Short made it necessary for him to rise. He did not know of any suit more un comfortable to wear than a suit of borrowed plumes—(laughter)—and he only rose to pro test against being "made to assume it. He ac knowledged with gratitude the kind remarks of his brother of Adelaide with reference to the Bishop of Melbourne and himself—(applause) —hut be must give a flat contradiction to one of Dr. Short's statements. (Laughter.) He was credited with not touching wine, and with being a temperance man. On that' question he held strong opinions, bnt these -they would learn more fully if they attended the meeting that was to lie held next Monday evening. Dr. Mooehocse (Bishop of Melbourne), who rose amid loud applause,- said he had been shamefully, used by bis brother pf lJallarat. (Laughter.) .The compact, alluded to was that Dr. Thornton should bear the greater part of the work in the service, and that his (Dr. Moor house's) duty should be to do all the speaking on that occasion. But had that compact been adhered to ? All the hard work at the service fell on him that morning, and the Bishop of Ballarat had the pleasure of looking at him as he did it. (Laughter.) Therefore he did not consider himself bound by any compact. There was little that he could say in response to the toast which they had so heartily honored, and he confessed he was not prepared with a long speech. He was told immediately after the service of the reception to welcome them at the Town Hall, but there was then no time for him to think what to say. Be never cared to talk unless be had some thing worth telling, and accordingly he was in a most unfortunate position. He almost wished that he had been able to lick the blarney stone, which their Irish friends believed to be such a source of eloquence, for if he had done £O he would have been far better able to meet them. (Laughter.) Yet there was no difficulty in telling them on behalf of his brother of Ballarat and himself how very much obliged they were for the reception which had been given to them. There were many ways of welcome. In Cornwall the old traditional cos torn was to throw a brick at the visitor whom the people wished to honor. (Laughter.) A little less barbarous mode of reception was to preserve a silence of suspicion, till more was known of the visitor. Neither of these courses had been adopted in the case of his brother of Ballarat and himself, but they had been on tbe other hand received with the traditional welcome paid to guests whom the people delighted to honor. Stationed at a high table, surrounded by many of tbe most dis tinguished members of the community, and given the company of one of the most venerable Bishops—he would not say of Australia alone, but of Great Britain—they could not but feel themselves highly honored on that occasion. (Applause.) But it was too bad while thus burdening them with honors to bind them to a condition. Speeches were exacted from them, and the difficulty was they did not know what kind of speeches was meant. If they would only give a subject the Bishop of Ballarat and himself might try to satisfy inem. He reauj did not know what to say. He believed the Bishop of Ballarat and himself came with the simple desire to help the venerable and venerated Bishop of Adelaide to lift up the human nature of tbe colony to a little higher level of social and mental happiness. (Applause.) But the visions of human advancement which animated their youth appeared to them in such an age difficult to accomplish. When a young man he used to indulge in dreams of what he might do for men, aud at one time it was his enthu siastic wish to become himself a working man, in order thst by experience among them be might learn how best to reach the heart of workiug men, and so be an instrument for tbtir advancement in the scale of being. (Ap plause.) Now it appeared to him that after all the great problem of the time was not to lift one class alone, but to take the mass of common humanity and lift it bodily up. (Applause.) The problem, he believed, had been partly solved in those colonies. They were called tbe Paradise of the working man, and it was indeed a blessed feeling that walk ing through the cities of the South they were not met by the hopeless poverty and ignorance which in the old country were too often seen. They saw working men enjoying the system of eight hours' daily labor, and with such opportunities of recreation and improve ment that if they did not avail themselves of it the fault was their own. (Applause.) He con gratulated them that in that country, where the great problem of mankind had received an approximate solution, they were in no fear of what was called the danger of | over-educating the masses. He was reminded of a very 'cute answer to the complaint of a man who thought the operation of the School Board in England would be followed by bad re sults to the working classes. This grumbler said if edacation were extended to all, the people would soon want all their children |to become quilldrivers instead of following the humble pursuits which had satisfied their fathers. The answer to that complaint was," It may be so for a very short lime, but when the working classes find that plough-driving pays better than quill-driving they will stick to it. (Applause.) He would only say, in conclusion, that he hoped they would try to inculcate in all young people the dignity and pleasure of labor. (Applause) Let them try to make the people take their pleasure in work and not after it. (Applause.) There were some people who worked with the expectation of making a fortune, and then to give work the go-by and be happy for ever—they would be miserable for ever. (Applause.) Like the people whom God had chosen as the spiritual teachers of the world—the Jews—their children should be taught to choose a trade or a handicraft to that they need never want for bread. To shjw what spirit he thought they should cultivate he related an anecdote of two Italian artists, Drnatello aad Filippo Brunei leschi. whose works of art in Florence were still the admiration of the world. Donatello made a sculpture of Christ, on seeing which his friend remarked "Why, that is a peasant; it isn't a Christ." Donatello told his brother artist to take a piece of wood and make a Christ himself. Brunelleschi did so. But the point of the story was, that one day the two artists went to their studio with their dinuers in a leathern apron carrying it through the streets. What did it connbtof? It was very lowly fare —apples, eggs, and bread. (Applause.) Somewhat the same spirit which animated these great artists of Florence, who were not ashamed to carry their dinrer through the streets, he wished to see cultivated in Australia. He did not ask that they should carry parcels under their arms through the streets. He did that himself, but he did not ask them to do the same. (Laughter.) He only wished to impress on them the truth that what was honorable and good could not be disgraceful. No disgrace attached to any action unless it was morally bad. (Applause.) Thus far he had given them an " intolerable deal of sack" to a small airount of capon; in other words, a large amount of talk to a little theory, and he would now conclude, once more thanking them for the honor done to his brother of Ballarat and him self in that most beautiful of Australian ' capitals. (Applause,) . " TheCHAiEMAN thought when the condition ' exacted from the Bishops had the effect of ~ eliciting so able, so practical, and so useful a reply as that eloquent speech to which they had just listened there could be little doubt but that they had acted properly when the con- | dition was insisted on. (Applause.) He had now to ask them to drink a toast which scarcely needed recommendation. The reply to the question asked in St. Paul's, where was the memorial of Sir Christopher Wren? was "Look around," and so in the case -of the Society for ! the Propagation of the Gospel, they had only to look at the work which that organisation j had effected to enable them to recognise its usefulness. The Society, which nearly two centuries ago Dr. Grey set on -foot, had spread its missions all over the world, and every -1 where had its operations been succeeded by , good results. In South Australia 30 years ago he had been placed at work by the liberality and : through the agency of that Society, ana now he was able to invite the Bishops of Melbourne and Ballarat to assist in the service of con secrating a Cathedral. (Applause.) From humble beginnings the work in Australia had steadily progressed till the present proportions were reached. He therefore commended to their hearty welcome " The Society for the Propagation of the Gospel, with its Dioceses in -these colonies." (Applause.) The Vice-Chaibhan responded to the toast, asking for the sympathy and forbearance of the assembly, as he was charged with a task that he was by no means so well fitted to per form as many he could name. The late "Air. B. B. Colley, had he been with them, would have been the fitting representative of tbe Society on that occasion, because they owed much to his example and his services fox tbe Church in that colony. He was sure he only gave voice to the sentiments of all his fellow-churchmen when he expressedihe obli gation that was dne from them to the venerable Society for the Propagation of the Gospel. (Applause.) By its constitution the special efforts of that Society, which had been incor porated by Royal Charter in 1701, had been directed towards the management and disposal of such funds as might be contributed for the "religious instruction of Her Majesty's sub jects beyond the seas; for the maintenance of clergymen in the plantations and colonies of Great Britain; and for the propagation of the Gospel in those parts." Since the time of its establishment its mode of working had been to help those Churches in their infancy who were too weak to help themselves, and when they became self- supporting "to leave them and apply the funds in other directions. So in its infancy in that.colony the Church had been supported by the venerable Society. To the Churchmen of South Austra'ia it must now be a matter for pride that ffieir success in spreading the Gospel bad been so great, and that they were able to erect so beautiful a Cathedral. It' they were able now to send their wealth to the starving millions in India -it would ill become them in their prosperity to forget to give thanks to that Society who helped them in the infancy of their Churches. (Applause.) In 1636 the Bishopric of Australia was created, in 1841 Biihop Selwyn was appointed for Mew Zealand, and in 1842 Bishop Nixon for Tasmania. There were now 17 dioceses in the Australian colonies, including New Zealand. In 1841 a special movement was made by the clergy and laity for the formation of a fond for the endowment of additional Bishops in the colonies. At that time there was only one Bishop in Australia. The Society contributed £500 a year for five years to the first three colo nies where Bishoprics were established. In 1847, when Dr. Short arrived, there were only five clergymen in Sooth Australia; in 1861 33; and in 1878 there were 43 belonging to the Church of England. He concluded by congra tulating the Church people of that colony on the completion of the Cathedral. TfceCHAiBMAK gave "The Mayor of Adelaide and the Lay Members of the Church." He spoke in high terms of the services rendered by the Mayor, and commended him particularly as a faithful and earnest worker for the Church. His Worship the Mayor (Sir. H. Scott) re sponded, remarking that whatever credit was due to the laymen of South Austral ;a, the noble example and kindly influence bro'.ght to bear on them by the Bishop and his cle.-gy eould not be overlooked. (Applause.) In alluding to the speech of Dr. Moorhouse, he said the work ing men of South Australia had reason far satisfaction in the fact tbat they had so much time at their disposal for self-improvement. He felt that he spoke the feeling of all present when he acknowledged the work done by the Bishop in assisting the promotion of the means of enjoyment for the working men. (Applause.) He mentioned that the efforts of the clergy were often not seconded so well by the laity as they should be, and he hoped that there would in future be as improvement in this re spect. Alluding more particularly to himself, he believed tbat .the Mayor of Adelaide could assist materially the moral as well as the social welfare of the citizens, and he assured them that it would always be bis aim to further the best interests of the people of Adelaide. (Ap plause). Mr. C. B. Tocng, J3\, proposed "The health of the Bishop," congratulating Dr. Short on the consummation of his dearest wish in the open ing and consecration of St. Peter's Cathedral. He mentioned that His Lordship intended a visit to England to be present at the Fan- Anglican Synod, and expressed the hope that the trip would have the effect of giving Dr. Short a fresh lease of his life. Another sum of £20.000 was required for the completion of the Cathedral, and he trusted by the time of the Bishop's return it would be subscribed. (Ap plause.) The Chairman, whose health was drunk with enthusiasm, said it seemed strange to a man in bis 76th year when bis friends wished him health and long life. But while he had life and strength and a sphere of activity they might depend on his using his best endeavors to carry on the work which bad occupied him for 80 years. (Applause.) In going to England be went to maintain a ~ principle—that the Australian Churches had rights as well as duties, and deferred the recognition of the English Synod. ( Aoplause.) He trusted that the wisdom of the* United Episcopate would devise some scheme to pre sent the Colonial Churches from separating, or as it were, flying out into space, and to pre serve them in their gravitation around the sun of England's Church. (Applause.) He thanked them from his heart for the way in which they had drunk his health. (Applause.) The toast of " The Ladies," humorously pro-. posed by the Rev. Dr. Dxndy, was honored, and the proceedings, which were interspersed with organ recitals by Mr. Boult, terminated. THB EVENING SERVICE. It was intended to hold a fall Cathedral ser vice again in the evening, but only a plain evensong was observed. This morning there will be a Litany service at 5.30 a.m., with plain evensong at 5.30 p.m., and to-morrow morning there will be plain matins at 8.30 ajn, and full evensong at 7.30 p.m., when the Bishop of Ballarat will preach. On Friday there will be plain matins at 8.30 a.m. and a full evensong at 7.30 p.m., when the Dsan of Hobart Town will preach. 