SCIENTIFIC AND USEFUL.V i. Iiio.v yskscr STEEL BAILS.-A series, of in teresting experiments on the comparative dura bility of iron and steel rails has lately been carried out.on the Cologne-lfinden Railway. In 1864 a number of rails of different manu facture were laid near the station of Ober thausen, on the most severely worked portion of the line. It is shown that the passage of 1,340,000 axles was necessary to wear the Bessemer rails 1 millimfiter. Replacement of rails took place from time to time till 1874, to an extent which is shown in a table. Of the 1,935 Tails replaced, 1,204 were broken in full section, 227 in a section at a fish-plate hole, and 504 were rendered useless through various causes. Since 1574 the number of rails requir ing replacement has been constantly diminish ing instead of increasing as previously. This is because most of the deteriorated rails have been such not through lack of strength, bat through some fault of manufacture, which became apparent only after some months of service, lastly, while in 1S70 it was necessary to renovate 7'75 of tho total length, in 1877 tho proportion is only 1*13, testifying to the advan tage of Bteel over iron rails. A. ifer E'isa.-M. Darby de Thiersant, a French Charge d'Affaires, who has been instru mental in introducing a number of ChineBO plants and animals , into his native country, is now making-arrangements for importation in quantities of the setz, one of the most valued fish found in Chinese waters. Tho fish belongs to the carp family, and when fed on sea plants in ponds attains with great rapidity a weight' of about 40 lbs. During , the past three years experiments made .on the fish in tlio Jardin d'Acclimatation have shown it to bo well adapted to a European climate, and, as it in creases rapidly, it is hoped that in a few years it can bo introduced extensively throughout Europe. . ' ; : Intlcencb OP BEEB, .OK Ciiakacteb.-A: recent continental writer on practical hygiene has stated that tho beverage conanmed, forms, to a great extent, the character of a people. To study the character of each.^country a. geographical map should bo made having tho beverages consumed in each indicated by: various colours.. It will be observed that in.; the countries in which there is little or no con sumption of beer, such as. Italy, Spain, and: South of France,- tho people, aro hot-headed^ full of imagination and vivacity. In Germany,;. where they consume Bavarian beer, which is , difficult of digestion, the people.have a dreamy; character, with great calmness , and quiet: meditation, in the North of France, u,r.& Germahy,'and in Belgium,..;whero, true beers are consumed, there is groat energy' and determination of character, and the , same r may . also be said of Great Britain, where, tho. beers are even stronger than elsewhere.-Brewer'*; Guardian..; . , . . : > PaoFESsbu ' PzpSEa.-Professor -John H. Popper, after an absence of six > years, returns (says a London paper) on Easter n Monday to what may be > termed his " old and'legitimate home" in Regcnt-atreot, viz.",'tho Royal > Poly technic Institution, where lie is re-engaged as lecturer. Mr. Popper/ > who appeared at the Polytechnic on "its opening in the year1 1840, has > unquestionably lectured to a larger number of persons than1 any scientific " > contemporary. The Professor's name, some1 fifteen years'ago, became a > household word, not only in tho me tropolis but throughout the country, when > ho introduced to the public the exhibition of that then hovel and startling > illusion designated " Pepper's Ghost." Die ghost was the means of adding to > tho exchequer of tho Polytechnic, in the course of a few months a'suiri > amount ing to about £12,000. Tho automaton "Leo-' tard," lifelike in its > movements, in' the great hall of the institution, resulted in a suc cess > mainly through the efforts of the Profes sor. Among Jlr. Pepper's > forthcoming" ar rangements, entered into with tho directors of the > Polytechnic; will bo a ' series of "fashion able morning scientific > lecUrea," to be delivered three times a week. ? 1 ? 