fatochM InteHirpntJX Queenscliff. — A very impressive service was rendered at St. ;George's Church on Sunday, April 14tb, the hymns being selected with a special view to the occasion. The Eev. H. J. Wilkinson preached two funeral sermons in reference to the death of Judge Fellows. The prayer-desk, pulpit, and chancel-arch were draped in mourning. During the service it was announced that there would be a subscription-list circulated amongst the local and visiting congre gation, for the purpose of placing a memorial to the memory of the late Thomas Howard Fellows in front of the seat lately in occupa tion by him in this church, he having been one of its principal founders and most constant and generous supporters. A contributor iurmsnes us witn tne ionowing notes irom me morning sermon, mat thew xxvi. 8, 9 — 'But when Bis disciples saw it, they had indig nation, saying — To what purpose is this waste 1 for this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor': — ' But it is in the light of the bountiful man I wish you now to regard him, because it has a direct practical bearing upon ourselves and upon society generally. To what purpose is this waste ? was asked by the disciples of our Lord,' but originally asked by the traitor Judas, by whose fair speech they had been led away. And in looking back upon our friend's career we also notice the prodigality which suggested this question. He poured out like that woman his whole soul into whatever he did ; meanness was no part of him. He had forethought ; he was thrifty ; he was a dili gent man; but he was not a covetous man. He prayed for his daily bread, he worked for it, and gave it out generously ; but his chief delight was in the house of God and all that pertained to it. The care he bestowed upon this beautiful house is proverbial. When he began be grudged nothing ; he watched its progress, its adornment, its every detail, with an intelligence rarely founcl in one not profes sionally connected with church architecture. To what purpose is ^this waste ? never entered his mind a moment. It was God's house ; it was the palace of the Great King, and it must be worthy of His greatness. Let us honour him whom Christ honoured ; and let us honour every act of self- sacrifice which his good deeds have called forth. It is not to be feared that the poor will suffer where such eood works nrevail and Trrnvnkfi to the likn. But I said that his chief delight was in the house of God, and in all that pertained to it. He did not only help to build, not only largely to beautify, this church, but he liberally supported it. You cannot take up a yearly report but his name appears as the chief contributor. And not only were the church and its revenue his cares, but the parson age, the school building, and the very trees of the church ground, .are testimonies to his bounty. He superintended, and even dug and -planted. His memorial is all round us. But I have brought these few thoughts before you with a practical end. The best tribute to the judge's memory is to resolve not to let the services of the church suffer through lack of him. It is resolved to erect a tablet near his pew in memory of him. But our best memorial of him will be to engrave his good deeds in our hearts, and let them bring forth fruit accordingly. Above all, when we see what our friend has done for us, while we admire the beauty and taste displayed in this building, let us bear in mind that the King's daughter — and that is His Church — is all glorious within. The beauty of holiness here is a text inviting us to holiness of heart, and life, and faith, and hope, and love for all the graces of the Christian character. For where do we stand? What are Christians? Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which you have of God ? and ye are not your own, for ye are bought with a price. And thus we can link on our subject to the reason we are commencing, to the holy week we are beginning. Ye are bought with a price. What this woman did for Jesus she did for His burial. What a price was that He paid for us ! His own most precious blood. What a death was that ! the death of the very Son of God. Was ever lavishness like His ? How all our acts of love sink into insignificance by the t-ide of His one great act of holy love! How all our offerings dwindle beside His one great offering of Himself ! Let us thank God to be in the least privileged to follow His most holy steps, and to follow in the steps of any of His servants. Ye are bought with a price— therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God's.' South Yarra.— Testimonial to Mev. W. P. Pearce.— The farewell address from the parishioners of Christ Church, South Yarra, to the Eev. W. P. Pearce, the presentation of which had been delayed in consequence of that gentleman's visit to Tasmania at the beginning of the year, was presented to him after his return, on the afternoon of Friday, April 26th, by the committee, appointed for that purpose. The address, which was handsomely bound and illuminated, ran as follows :— ' To the Keverend W. P. Pearce, M.A., Cantab.— Reverend and dear Sir — It is with sincere regret that we find that your con nection with this parish is to close at the end of this year. For nearly two years you have occupied the pulpit of Christ Church, and during that time old and vounsr have alike felt the benefit of winr earnest and. impressive reading of our beautiful Church service. Your teaching has been such as to strengthen our faith and improve our lives, and your style of preaching has riveted the attention of your hearers. In private life, both Mrs. Pearce and yourself have done what you could for the benefit of the parish. Your conduct has been marked by Christian kindness, forbearance, and wisdom, and your purse has ever been open to the wants of the poor. We sincerely hope that though you are leaving us your valuable services may be secu ed to some other part of the diocese, and we pray (hat, wherever you rand Mrs. Pearce go, God may bless and prosper you.— Very sine erely yours, &c;, &c;— South Yarra, 12lh December, 1877.' This address bears the signatures of His Excellency the Governor Lady Bowen, and about 300 of the parishioners of Christ Church Mr Pearce, in reply, returned his sincere thanks to his friends in South' Xarra, both for the gratifying terms of their address and for the aid and encouragement he had always received from them in his labours I in. their parish. A presentation was at the same time made to Mrs. Pearce, on the part of the ladies of the congregation, of a piece of silver plate. Melbourne : St. Peter's.— There was full choral service in this church on Thursday evening, April 25th, the Rev. Canon Handfield being the preacher. The festival music used on the evening of Easter Day was repeated, consisting of Tallis's Responses, Smart in B flat, and for anthem, Bach's 'Blessing, glory, wisdom, and thanks.' Collingwood : St. Philip's.— On the Easter day services of this church remembrance was made of the late Rev. B. S. Walker, who some years ago succeeded the Rev. T. C. Cole in the incumbency of this church, from which he removed to Maryborough, and subsequently to Prahran. The Rev. J. Caton preached to a very large and attentive congregation, referring in solemn and feeling termB to the removal of one so endeared to them all by his ministry in their parish, and stating that a resolution had been come to by the vestry to place memorial windows in the chancel, in perpetual evidence of the affec tionate regard entertained by the congregation of St. Philip's for their former pastor. We regret to notice the death of Mr. E. W. Rice, one of the Sunday-school teachers of St. Philip's, on Wednesday, May 1st. Funeral sermons appropriate to the event were preached on Sunday, May 5th, to crowded congregations, by Rev. J. Caton and Rev. W. L'Oste. Clifton Hill: St. Andrew's.— On Sunday, April 28th, Mr. C. Baker, for many years the honorary lay-helper of the district, preached an interesting and impressive sermon on the subject of the ' Life and work of the Rev. B. S. Walker,' by whom, during his incumbency of St. Philip's, the services on Clifton Hill were initiated. The Eastertide festival of the children of St. Andrew's Church of England Sunday-school, Clifton Hill, was held at Northcote on the park-lands of Mr. James — a most lovely and picturesque spot, which has now become famous for pic-nics ; so much so, that some of the larger schools formerly frequenting the Royal Park have given that up for Northcote, with its pretty hills and slopes, and magnificent views. The gloomy forebodings as to the weather on Monday morning were not realised, for the day proved most lovely and enjoyable, and the children appeared most happy. St. Andrew's is one of the schools in St. Philip's parish founded by the late Rev. B. S. Walker, and the sad event of his death was frequently referred to on 'Monday by the parents and rnends present. Ihe usual games, and the usual ' good things eat able,' were provided by the congregation, under the active super intendence of Mr. W. H. Tucker, the superintendent. The pretty hills of Northcote — clothed with brightest green, warmed by the genial sunshine, and enlivened by the gay colours of children's dresses, together with flags, banners, music of the schools — were never seen to better effect, and the sight well repaid holiday -seekers. St. Mark's large school were also there this year, and expressed themselves delighted with the change from the Royal Park. — Daily Telegraph. April 24th. Collingwood: St. Saviour's. — On a recent occasion the congregation of St. Saviour's Church, Collingwood, showed their appreciation of the services of their organist, Miss Bromby, by pre senting her with a sealskin hand-bag and muff, and an inkstand with a silver plate suitably inscribed. The presentation was made by the Rev. C. M. Yelland, who in a few words expressed his thankful ness to Miss Bromby for her kindness in presiding at the organ, and for taking such an interest in the choir. Miss Bromby, who was taken by surprise, expressed her thanks for the good wishes of the congregation and for their present. — Argus. Alexandra. — Addresses from the magistrates of the district and from the guardians of St. John's Church were presented to Captain C. A. D. Pasco, on the 3rd of March andith of April respectively, expressing the regret felt by bench and church at the removal of that gentleman from the offices of police magistrate and warden. Captain Pasco, while travelling on his official duties over six hundred mileB a month on horseback, had yet found time to labour busily for Sunday school and church. Hearty desires were expressed on all sides for his restoration to office. The children of the Sunday-school presented 7 him with a copy of Farrar's Life of Christ, in 2 vols., with a suit- ?'.' able inscription. Bbighton : St. Andrew's. — The annual Sunday-school feast was held on Friday, April 26th, in Mr. Webb's paddock. About two hundred and fifty scholars were in attendance. Every care had been taken to provide materials for the sports, and the children's enjoy ment was heightened by the teachers and visitors goodnaturedly taking part in their games. The only matter for regret was that the Rev. Mr. Taylor was unable, through illness, to remain long on the ground. His place was filled, on his retiring, by Mr. George Sutton, one of the teachers, whose efforts to keep the children amused were highly successful. A plentiful repast, to which every justice was done, crowned the business of the day, and the feast broke up with hearty aud repeated cheering for Mr. and Mrs. Taylor, Mr. Virgoe, and Mr. David Black. Bbighton: Gipsy Village. — The Sunday-school feast in connec tion with the district church took place on Wednesday, April 24th, to the great enjoyment of the children and their friends. Nothing was wanting in the shape of amusement or good fare that could minister to the satisfaction of mind or body. At the close of the day cheers were called for, and very heartily given, for Miss Linacre, Miss Harston, and Mr. John Mathew Smith, Hotham. Drtsdale. — Miss K. Gange, who has been honorary organist to St. James' Chui ch for nearly ten years, was married on the 24th ult. A pleasing recognition of her services was made by the congregation on the occasion. Messrs. Allnutt, J.P., and M'Williams, deputed by them, presented her at the breakfast with an elegant gold watch, bearing a suitable inscription. Mr. Allnutt was particularly anxious that Mrs. M'Donald should not leave the district without some token of the good wishes of the congregation ; he therefore adopted the plan of obtaining a email Bum from each member of the congrega* tion, the result being that the required amount was raised within a few days. The Eev. John Firth officiated at the marriage, and after breakfast he impressed on the bridegroom and bride the necessity of commencing their married life in the love and fear of God, and par ticularly of setting up God's altar daily in their home. The bride groom in his reply stated that he trusted Mr. Firth's advice would be remembered by him, and that with God's help the altar service in his house would be uninterrupted. Eltham. — An excellent secular concert of vocal and instrumental music was given at Eltham on the 24th April, by Mr. P. C. Plaisted and others,. ladies and gentlemen, most of whom are members of St. Stephen's Church choir, Richmond. The company, twenty-five in number, arrived in three waggonnettes, from the metropolis, and, after partaking of refreshment at the parsonage, adjourned to the schoolroom, where they found a crowded audience of over 200 people awaiting them. The programme for the evening, consisting of tweny nine pieces, was commenced by Miss Pickering and Mr. Plaisted, who played a pianoforte duet, 'Tancrali,' by Rossini. During the evening two other nicely-arranged duets for cornet and piano were capitally executed by Messrs. Breese and Plaisted ; and all the other pieces, both vocal and instrumental, were so beautifully rendered that, notwithstanding the length of the programme, not the least sign of weariness was manifested. Every one present appeared to have highly appreciated the musical treat, and there is no doubt that, in addition to the pleasure afforded, the young people who listened to the well-trained voices and excellent manipulation of the per formers will have been aroused to cultivate a taste for high-class music and correct singing, &c;, Mr. Rossiter, editor of the local newspaper, moved, and Mr. Clark, head-teacher of the State-school, seconded, a vote of thanks to Mr. Plaisted and the ladies and gentle men who accompanied him. Mr. Plaisted, in reply, said it had given them great pleasure to visit Eltham, among other reasons was the -meeting with the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Pickering, whom both himself and most of his party had known and highly esteemed for many years. The national anthem having been sung, the visitors from Richmond returned to the parsonage for supper. ? 'The annual gathering of the children attending St. Margaret's Sunday-school, Eltham, took place on Thursday afternoon, April 25th. The children assembled in the church grounds, where they enjoyed themselves at various games. After having partaken of a sumptuous repast at the parsonage, an adjournment was made to the church, where an address was given by the Rev. A. J. Pickering, and several hymns were sung by the elder scholars. About forty suitable and well bound reward-books were distributed to the children by Mr. C. S. Wingrove, and they then dispersed to their homes.' — Evelyn Ob~ server. Hotham. — A meeting of the parishioners of St. Mary's Church was held on April 23rd in the schoolroom, Chetwynd-street ,(the Rev. R. Potter in the chair), for the election of a trustee to the church and parsonage in the room of the late Professor Wilson. Mr. H. A. Clarke,, one of the churchwardens for the year, was elected without opposition. Heathcote. — After divine service on Wednesday evening, 10th ult., a meeting was held in St. John's Church, in connection with the General Church Fund. The chair was occupied by the incumbent. The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch explained at great length the principles of the fund, which evidently commended themselves to the meeting. A committee to carry out its objects in the district was formed, consisting of the Rev. J. K. Hall, chairman (ex- officio), Mr. Murdoch, of the Bank of Victoria, treasurer, and Mesdames Wood, Strong, Plues, and Hall, collectors (with power to add to their number.) We understand the parish of Heathcote sent down a col lection last year.; and we trust that the amount may be doubled on the next occasion. On the whole, we heartily commend the subject to the consideration and co-operation of the members of the Church of England throughout this district and the colony at large, for even its indirect effects are to create that unity without which no church can stand. We understand that it is intended to call a meeting of the new committee to arrange systematic work after the annual soiree. — Conirnxonicated. St. Paul's Chukchi, Kyneton. — The festival of Easter was duly observed at this church. Considerable labour and skill had been expended by a number of willing helpers on the customary decora tions, which were more elaborate and effective even than usual. On the east wall of the chancel were five lofty floral arches, the middle arch being surmounted by a cross of white dahlias, and from the centre of each arch were suspended baskets of flowers. This year the supply of flowers was particularly abundant, the free-will offer ings of various members of the congregation. On each side of the east window banners were hung inscribed — ' 0 death, where is thy sting?' '0 grave, where is thy victory?' Over the altar was placed a text illuminated in gold and colours, ' The Lord is risen indeed,' and on the retable were four vases of choice flowers. On the east wall of the nave were banners inscribed, 'Jesus lives. Alleluia ;' ' He is risen, as He said.' Pulpit, prayer-desk, font, and x gallery had also each received a due share of attention, and presented a pleasing contrast to their usual sombre hue. The services of the day commenced with a celebration of Holy Communion at eight a.m. This was followed by the usual Morning Prayer at eleven, after which the Holy Communion was again celebrated, and a sermon preached by the Rev. W. Chalmers, from Psalm xxx. 11. The evening service was very hearty, the chanting of the psalms and canticles, and the hymn singing, being all that could be desired. The choir, which was considerably augmented by a number of friends and visitors, sang their best, and the anthem, 'Now is Christ risen from the dead' (G. B. Allen), was exceedingly well rendered. The text of the evening sermon was taken from 1 Cor. xv. 22, 23. 24, and with the hymn ' Jesus lives' (117, Hymns A. and M.) the services of the day came to a close. That they were thoroughly enjoyed by all privileged to take part in them we do not doubt ; the only drawback was the inclemency of the weather, which caused the attendance to be some 1 what smaller than is usual on the more important festivals. — Kyneton I Observer. I Prahran. — On Sunday last, at St. Matthew's Church, the cua- I tomary joyous Easter services were terribly saddened in consequence I of its being the first Sunday after the sudden removal, by death, of I the beloved pastor of the church, the Rev. B . S. Walker. The tern- 1 porary church, instead of being decorated in the usual festive manner 1 betokening Eastertide, was hung with the trappings of woe, and I above the altar was a handsome wreath of immortelles. It was easy I to see also, by the dejected look of the members of the congregation, § that some more than usually sad event had occurred amongst them. | In the morning the service was performed by the Rev. Mr. Guinness, I of Christ Church, South Yarra, who, in the course of his sermon, | alluded in feeling terms to the loss sustained by the congregation, 1 and by the church in the diocese, as well as by the community in 1 general, through the death of so earnest and good a Christian minis- 1 ter as the late revered clergyman had proved himself to be. In the I evening the Bishop of Melbourne preached to a congregation which, v 1 notwithstanding the extremely inclement weather, filled every i available space iu the building, hundreds being unable to obtain 1 admission. The Bishop took for his text Mark v. 35, 36, and delivered ' I an impressive sermon, the burden of his theme being to exhort the . I deeply-sorrowing members of the late minister's congregation not .to I sorrow as without hope, their beloved pastor being ' not dead, but I gone before.' No doubt comfort will be taken by the congregation ' I from the Bishop's telling words. The hymn at the end of the service, I ' When our hearts are bowed with woe,' was beautifully sung by the I choir, and feelingly joined in by the worshippers ; and the concluding I voluntary, the ' Dead March in Saul,' was played with excellent I taste and great feeling by the honorary organist of the church, Mr. I L. L. Lewis. The prayers were read by the Rev. Mr. Gregory, incuni- . ? i bent of the neighbouring church of All Saints', East St. Kilda. — J Daily Telegrajrii,, April 24th. I Whittleska. — The annual children's treat in connection with the . I Christ Church Sunday-school, Whittlesea, was held on the 9th of I March, in the large and beautifully situated grounds of Mr. David j Johnstone, who most kindly erected a tent, and provided seats, swings, and all other things appertaining to rural festivities, at his own cost. The children assembled at twelve o'clock, and at one o'clock p.m. a lunch of grapes and buns was provided by the kind host and hostess. Soon afterwards the children and a large number of the adult mem bers of the congregation assembled under and around a tent where lay on a table for inspection 85 handsome reward books suitable for all ages. The Rev. T. R. Neville having taken the chair, Mrs, Neville and the church choir conducted the children's singing, which sounded very sweetly, some of the voices being remarkably good. After a short address from their pastor, the prizes having been distributed, the children dispersed to their various games, among which racing and scrambling for lollies were not forgotten, while their elders were actively engaged in preparing the tables for the feast, which were amply spread with cake, pastry, and all the things that the souls of children love. After tea, of which a hundred Sunday scholars partook, several hymns were sung by the children and their teachers. Before dispersing to their respective homes at the close of the day, three hearty cheers were given for all who had kindly interested themselves iu the children's entertainment. The cost of the treat and rewards — no inconsiderable sum — was subscribed for by the congregation, and largely contributed to by Mr. Johnstone. Mr. Gale, the old scholar, repeated his gift this year of the boys' first prize. Great difficulties have been overcome in establishing and carrying on this school ; many of the children walk miles to attend it, still theyperseveringly come both to church and school. As many as seventy are often in attendance in fair weather. ? Bishop Selwyn. — The announcement of the death of the Bishop of Lichfield will be read with regret by many persons other than those immediately connected with the church of which the deceased was a distinguished prelate. George Augustus Selwyn, D.D., son of the late Mr. William Selwyn, of Richmond, Surrey, was born in 1809. He was educated at Eton and St. John's College, Cambridge. While acting as tutor at Eton and curate of Windsor, in 1841, he was con secrated first Bishop of New Zealand, He laboured in his colonial ^ diocese for about twenty-seven years. When he first arrived in the colony the colonists were comparatively few, and for the first few years his labours were almost entirely confined to the Maories. In the prosecution of his work he had to traverse the forests, swim the rivers, and navigate the seas round the island in his little vessel ; and he won a great fame and set a good example by his daring journeys and his unresting labours. Civilisation followed faster than he anticipated, and his late years in the colony were full of pain from witnessing the collision between the race to which he belonged and the race for which he so devotedly laboured. He did what he could to prevent the war ; but when it did at length break out he was employed as chaplain to the forces. He attended the sick, and helped to carry the wounded Maories to the hospital. Not content with the work in New Zealand, he established the mission to Melanesia, in which field of missionary work he was followed by the late lamented Bishop Patteson. In the year 1850 he came to this city, to meet the then Metropolitan Bishop Broughton, with the Bishops of Tasmania, Adelaide, and Melbourne ; and their deliberations led to synodical action in New Zealand. On the separation of New Zealand from the Diocese of Sydney, 1857, he carried out the idea he had long entertained of dividing his diocese into separate dioceses, and he became Metropolitan of that colony. He was appointed Bishop of Lichfield in December, 1867. He was the first colonial Bishop who was raised to an English See. It was a great change to be translated from the wilds of New Zealand to the dense population of an English midland county. But the energy which displayed itself in one sphere was not wanting in the other,— Sydney Morning Herald, 