LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE NEW CONVENT AT MUDGEE. (From our correspondent.) Though of immodiafco ooaaequonco fo tho membera oi the Catholic pernucnion, the Joying of the foundation ,otoaa of a nev? convent on Sunday laafc waa an ovenfc which should bone en ihtereofc about it to bo participated in by all denOEainnfciots o£ the town. Wherever ouch buildings have bean erected the gentle character OI cno yuuu luuieu auyui jLutumiiu^ tuutus uuupiuu with the accDiBpliohcaenfa of which they them' oelvea aro ponasuGed, and at the name fcimo nblo to wholly impart; to others, and the non» interferenca with tbo religiouo boliafo of thone not of the aame necb aa chemcelvea have filled them with children or ovory denomiucitiouj in quesb o£ ecluoation and a rolincd training to fib bhem fov tho Irgheot gradoa of nocinl lifo. Baforo procooding further, oar esperionco of such ooholaatic instibutiono impelu uo to express a hope that tbe completion of tho embryo oonvenfc will bo a mafctsr of but liitlo time. Oa Suuday morning laofc St. Mary's Church waa umiouc.ily crowded, and a glonce afc tho \ congreg-ritioii f.fsartd a visiior the-t the additional members ware those who had ccmo to placa j their xnite up )n the otono end take soinu part I afc l«asfc in tho erection of tho oontomplntacl , convent. Ab 11 o'clock fiiaoa vyao Cislebrated i by the Rev. O. M'Oarthy, it, boing nung, nnd tho i repp^nQQD chnnted by tho choir. Hiti Lorduhip Dr Qainn, occupied n throne on tho right oidu of the altar, the Very liov. Pnthor Wood attending hitn aa Ohapl.iin, Fathor O'Donoran, pastor of fcho coogicgLitiotij acted throughout aa Mastor of Coromonieo. | MiQ3 baiap, oonoluded, the Vovy Hov, Fathoi' Tonnycon Wood aecondod fcho palpif, and preach sd tho dedication sermon, lie read h:o ' tenfcfiom Matthew, chapter 21 aud vopdc 33, oayiug that our Lord moani; in ihcao worda to convey to tho Jov?d an idea of the groat things ha had done for thab people — Hit; own ohoocn Hock. The reverend optakes.' dwelt considerably on the beaubifnl comparinon which our Lord Instituted bjfev/ccu Hinao if and a busbnadtnan — oowiog tho good oced in ground which waa before nil pGrohedneos. To this he compared the Jauick people, who were fallen nway so much thai the Died of faith waa aown among them withoub producing fruifc. Bat v/hou tho , Div.'na Sjworcama happy reauU-a r/cro produced, ' tbon«h at tho coat of tho perDocafciOQ of Himself and His followers ; and while fcbo glory of fcho mountain tippad with g Id ahono forbh it r/co afc | fche oauie titno red and glowing with the blood of many a martyr. How in t^io prceo-it ago oo bodH aee lesulta of the cojd vvh'eh had booa do oirofully. sov?n. lire, far from tho centra oi Catholicity, we find fche people gather o-2 j together oa the day of Ireland's apoatlo tj fouud | another monastery, in addition to fcho preoont mooumouf; of foith to V7liich v;o miy ail look j ni h pride. Nov? wo oee h(.v/ tho need hnc boeu i so.vn and the fruifc gibbered : no. 7 ia tho time of fcha ubun^aab harveofc. Tho troubloc of St. I Patrick and tho adveraity he had £0 contend with woro terrible. . He, like all of hio predecessors, caet the need s^d and v?esping, but bho reaultG have baen glcriouc. The ro7. opcaker espat:afced on tho unfavourable oifoumctcsjcoo ujdor r/hich Sfc, Patrick cocjinenced, fcho opposition ho mob uifch, ond tho t niblo priva' tiona he Siad to encounter, nddiag fcbnfc ho noverfchelsos scsrmouafcod fchoca all, and that tho demoiiQtrat oa of So-day ovou was impoftanfc aa one of thu reaults which attonded fcho etibi 1 3 of fchcfc gronfc apoBtlo iu sewing the ccod of faith. Faith opi'ead o$av the v;orld liko n v;nve of glory, and there v?:vj uofc n hill nor c, Viillay \7hicl1 ifc did nob immerse. Ase not fcho vain boatta of the world nor/ picturing to ua tho decline of Catholicism 1 Wo may perchance meet with, rovaraop, but \io,n not aaoh fcho cane also with all who have proaohed tho faith before as ? With Sfc. Patrick tho oood, nltar boing sown. Eeemed to die, and do porcopfciblo fiuifc psi produoodp bub at fcho camo tisno tho rooto WdE'o strikiof; dor;u deop. He could nob 3uffioiently co.- grwtulate them on the very aobio v/ork fchoy had dena as fcrue children of Ofc. Pa'rick. When he looked book but a fev? yoara iud romoEibered fcba1; tho oite of tho glor'o'JH 3diQco ia which fchoy fchon hgvo v/na fci-ar'jrscd iy tho untafcorod end igaorant foot oi fche poor ravage, he wnc aafcounded to refloofc that uo mnch liad been done for fche faith 3n a few yeai'a. But ao knew vyell how ouch thinga aa thooo happen ; ,b who simply owing to fcho ganoroua, vigorous, :ind andying faith of the children of St. Pafcriok cvherever their lot be caub throughout thio iuamenoe univorao. They were now asaemblod ;o add another monumeafc of faith to fchio in tho shape of n new Cnivonfe, wbera goad nuna would make great offjr.a to toach their ohildrea —teach them to .Wo God, and carry oa their jood work for tbe church end fcho world ub loyal ahildron of Sb. Patrick, Father Woods very ieccriptively pourfcrayad fcho life of a nuuj, and soncludtd ifc by declaring that oarely if there bo sny spot apon eaitli upon which God Almighty looks with Jovo and condecoonoion ifc mnofc bo a Oonvonfc, where an aoceinblago of nuno co gatho.od togethor dciog Hin holy will oa oai'fch. Ls; thorn oaafc their memory fco fche convonto afc home and aoo fcho old bnildingo now ivy clad, and many of ihem tarn!) iog into ni'mo, iVhafi a halo of glory tifctondod thorn ao fcho contiOD of learnino and pk-ty. They now aav? fcho eona- . meueanienfc of a Oonvenfe iu their own midofe when God'o DOfVftuto ivoro gathered togefcher fco builJ ifc for fcho opiritual welfare on.i ituelleotsal culture of tluir children. Haeahoi'tod them 6« havo ho gravities regard for thotr children, for whit, was to beoomo of them ia r-£tei' lifo uulcoa e, p oper troiug wore allov/od tbomin youth ? rheio 'waa n--w a .Convent rising in fchoir midai;, and they ha i to bleaatho day thnfc fche giod nunrj ivoro introduced into fchoir to'7n to sued their g )ntlo lafla n:o «pm iifJ youth in tid«l &ion; to the pious miniutratioa which tiioir oihoj impocod upon them. The Convent would cost a largo sum, but kv/aen ho looked at what they had already doue h-5 had no foar. He knew ha wao addreeaing men not allow a work of nnch leapora tenco to Jail ov be an objex t of ropionoh to thoos. Ho nrgod 6boiH to 1)3 \n enmcofc9 nnd iroraoinbEE thafc fchoy wgpo nab pot'EOonfciag1 their ov/a coyoo, but fchafc of the Sacred Hohrfc o£ Jer-ua. Heaven looked benignly upon tho undortrJuag thoy Jjad in hand ; God would ourely VGComponno them. Whatovor moasuro they gavo Him -would, iu the worda of Scripture, bo returned in overflown ing measure ; and God grant them, for fcheir generosity in His eervioo, fche xnoaouro 0' otornal glory in fcho kingdom of Beaveu. TheJEev. Father 0'Donovan then advanced to the foot of the altar and announced that the collection would fchon be made, Baying that he was much plaasod to be able fco inform tliGni that ho had, through solicitation by letters, assured hiinoelf of the sum of 5318 from persons outside fcho district. Ho road a list of names, among which were — fcho Sistoro of Mercy, Bathui'sfc, £100 ; Dr. Quinn, 350 ; a clorgyman o£ fcho diocoae (preaumably fftither O'D) ;'20, Lli'.fJoha Barry (Cobb aud Co) ;SS9, Mr. 1\L Molloy (Blayney) £21, aud vorioua other sums from £5 downwards, The collection having- being mado a procession was formed, consisting- of his Lordship find the attendant clergymen, tho acelyfceo boating lighted candles and other necessaries, a band o£ little girls (first commuuicants) robed iu white with roils, and tho congregation. Banners of tho Sacred Heart and St. Joaoph wore borne by the children. Tho uonnl ceremony of formally laying the foundation sfcono of fche now convent v.'fio than proceeded with, aud fcho massive stono baying beon lov/ered by p- posco oi' men from III'. L'ilas Winter's establiyhmeut, Iiia Lordship fcenpod ifc, find declared ifc laid, Afc Vespers iu fche evening his Lordship preached, aud announced thafc tho sum collected reached within a few pounds of £500. The Engl'uh mail steamer Assam arrived at Albany, Wesfc Australia, on Wednesday night last. ? The 0 a. Chimborazo struck on a rock off Jorvis Bay on Friday lesfc. Sho has giuco boea got off, Cai'TAin Meiis, of the training1 r:-!iip Vcrnon, died on beard thafc chip on D.3onday laou CnudHCD Out. — Tho r.u'ofcioneora' circulcw, which we have iu fcy?)e, have been eruoucd out at tho last moment £0 mako room for isaportaut nov/s items. Laitb Salt;s. — Sales of Crown Lr.ndn are advertised in 11 supplement of fcho Govormiioub Gazette, dated March 19, to fcp.ka plr.co on the 24th April afc the following pluses : Singleton, Dubbo5 Scone, Grenfoll, Giuincdah, Albury8 Hartley, Inverell, Armidr.Ioj Ponrith, V/alohtta aud Forbes. Wacq.'. V7agg.'.,— Oar corrc- jjoucic-.j' '.vrilca ; — Si. I lioii^ci'G aoi; Lzjc : 'j'.xol ?; - - ~~..-a?My opa^cC i,:i '. .'ciZj_.L:;y I il. ''^ IV'. l'':^j. I (Zax,c ' oiici ^kct^'1. c' H' C'V ?- i'-'J- - 1^ , z-j Ic.it; I vac,' v6.C. tii^fc Iho '.-o^fUrtio^, r 0 :. cr~-'.vy io any cchool builfjiii^, hr:j bjai: ./'jpjy t,tv,ondcd fco. The '_:eail)o-j_ of it.g I'lvi-A 'y^;,.Z, I '.o'-.uliog tho Vor; Hov, Da Uo.'lv'j-Ik1,: 1, Dc. 7 1. C'Oon. ? nor, cr.O. : li\ -ri- '. V/t G?.V»zkn'- *'?' foiiOJ1, 'W'. Wi.lS:, ivicl i\ J. I lAl!-,to', v.'ovj jtvcccafc duriii' II10 C3:-aijc:'.y,i cryil c.':p,'cj *C, i'.iCt'iv o:itiro ap^.'oci.Lio:! q'l ihz : -buol !;;::!. Jii:.;, \\.[iU 3- oi:i5o QofcouK .il uLioli. D.\ T.a:..i'i:\?ih*'--. '''f'1' :\:s fcha pi/.p:!'; yrcxin'', ci' ib ri:'-; '.:'jlitrf'--:u 10 Lci'DB io a i\iQw:i, nrraticl uke i'rr?, v?hicb x/cr* lia tonocl to \7ilh mivAio i . J,-j;itta:i. Di\ 1 1. O'Coa noi' l'ollowal iu 1, Uv^.j ,.,..£ Li,'.:i:c'J.'-,Q r.ililrcsB, o:;ko;%Ii^i'] ths yupilj io 'jo ;a :!?'[, 'c ' la rniaiog tho LLrnuavc onil nr.ni'j si H:. IZiab-rYrj fioyej1 Sohools r.:id r,bo coi\f;ivti!jfi'in'' 'an tcroliop oa his encoeso oiooo hie aivival hare. Three ohowa for Dr. Borrdinghr.!ii5 and r. almikvc nnrabov for their toaeher, Mr. M. Moran, oiasad tbo pro* ooedings. Iho buil(!iar- roQacta nronO cielifc oa fcho coutraotor, Mr. J. Wnlob, of thia town, who v/ati aiao its fchia iaotauco tho arcbitoct*. The Ghost, — Mr. B'Arcy R ad's Ghoafc exhibition was opened afc the Guild Hall on Fr- day night week. Tho entertainment is an ex ceedingly clever one. It c mmences with an ex« hibifciou of Goethe Faust, tho visions and scones throughout being greatly applauded. Tho last vision, that of Marguerite supported by angola being very grand. Tee second part consisted of some g-^od character songs, darice3 ; and the ent rfcainment concludes with a farce entitled the Haunted House. Ifc has been remarked to us that the members of the Guild and the'r friends having an interest in the success of the hall could well patronize the affair more liber' ally, and help to increase the audience. We hope this hint v/ill have the desired effect. Queen's Tiikatjue. — Tno profrramrao anh miicod to tho public ab fchio placo oi amusement, undor tho immediate attraction of Kelly on-l Loon, hao, v/o aro qlad fco any, proved a trium phant; auocona. The company are leaving for Melhotirm1, and will, wo have no eloubfc, com mand, what they hn?o done here,, vis., bampor houaep. Grea': credit io dno fco- tho Mooara. Hay man and Eiacccks.ior the introduction of thoao amuaififj artist i to tho colony. At the Central Police Court Mr. Supeiintcn - dent Evans, of tho Great Southorn and Western railway, p osocufced ono Peter Ticklo for selling a return ticket, contrary to the by laws, and for which fcho defendant was sentenced to pay u penalty of 103, with 21a professional costs to Mr. Gannon ; and a young man named Eenry Ban-is was lined 103 for attempting to use the said ticket purchased by him of ''Tick'le. The Gheat Insurance Case.— The great Insurance case, John .Edyo Manning*, owner oi the Lord Ashley, against the New Zealand In- ' surance Company was concluded ou Monday afternoon after a protracted trial of fifteen days, with the jury iinding a verdict in favour of plaintiff, with £7000 damages and £140 for three months interest. The charge of contempt of court against the proprietor of tho Evening Uewa lapsed,. \ . . . ? 