i OUR BRISBANE LETTER. | BRISBANE, OCT. 19. Electioneering matters are at last becoming gradually the uppermost subjects of consideration, vice Peterson, disposed of. Yesterday that gentleman, who three weeks ago was a highly-respected member of Brisbane society, was brought a degraded prisoner into the city and driven, with a gaoler on either side, rapidly from the railway-station to the police cells. The loungers and larrikins had been on the look-out during the entire day, but missed their prey, having followed a miserable handcuffed vagabond in mistake. Peterson's arrival was therefore allowed to pass almost unnoticed. This morning, on the magisterial bench, in the Court-house, and in the streets outside, there has been the usual exhibition of vulgar curiosity, but henceforth we may reasonably expect the Peterson frauds to be no longer a nine days' wonder. The forthcoming elections are, therefore, succeeding as the next most exciting subject of attention. The campaign is fairly entered upon, and, even thus early some palpable indications of its character may be observed. New candidates spring up every week in unexpected places, and from unexpected quarters, so that it cannot be said that the procession of Banquo's ghosts has closed. But we have the bulk of the advertised addresses before us, and a goodly proportion (speaking in the tense of numbers), of the candidates' speeches have been delivered. After carefully perusing the one, and mustering the other, an unbiassed observer is forced to the conclusion that the elections will turn upon men and not measures, and that from north to south there is a significant absence of what, I presume I may still term, patriotism. There seems to be no national outlook. No one pretends, so far as I have seen, to rise above local considerations. Boldly, and without any apology, electors and candidates alike stake the coming contest upon parochial rather than upon colonial considerations. In the North it has been proposed to elect nine or ten candidates, more if possible, who shall pledge themselves to support, apart from any other consideration, purely Northern questions in the South, a similar proposal has been made with regard to the Ipswich district, which is said to have always had the lion's share of the good things of the world. The argument is that if a phalanx of ten or a dozen can be got to band themselves together for the promotion of one specified local object, they can command the situation, and force the Government to yield to their demands. Individually amongst the candidates and electors a similar feeling prevails. The questions asked of candidates are invariably with reference to petty vestry affairs; the members seeking re-election are chiefly anxious to explain the amount of loot achieved) in the past, and possible in the future. During the last month of the Session, wholesale log-rolling was perpetrated with immense success, and that month's game of grab at the Treasury chest, has done much towards investing the electioneering campaign with the character I am describing. The Colonial Treasurer in his last Budget Speech, ventured to suggest that one of the duties of Government was so to order the concerns of the State as to " scatter plenty o'er a smiling land." Any candidate who soared to such a flight in the present temper of the constituencies would have his trouble for his pains, and would probably be laughed at into the bargain. The purview at present has no such general extent I know of at least one of the Ministers who is being bitterly opposed, and will have to fight hard to regain his seat, because £50 more was spent upon a road in one corner of his district than in another. Not one of the members who deserted their party has been called to account, unless in the deser- tion there was some local question involved. Beyond the general desire to spend money freely, no definite policy seems to be foreshadowed. There is time for a change, of course ; but just now it seems that we shall be lucky if the new Parliament is even equal to its much abused ! predecessor. Little aims produce little men. The most interesting contest will be that in North Brisbane. In South Brisbane, up to date, there are seven candidates for the two seats, and the swarm I apparently has not yet settled. In North Brisbane there are but four candidates. The late member, Mr. 1 Pring,' offers himself for re-election ; but the chief in- the -list will be in the contest between Mr. Palmer and Mr. Griffiths. The first-named of these gentlemen was requisitioned by a number of influential Liberals, who thereby confessed they were tired of their leaders. The second named has been subsequently requisitioned by the remaining Liberals, who desire to preserve the seat for their party, and to protest against the action of their friends Mr. Palmer was perfectly safe for his old seat for Port Curtis, and Mr. Griffith equally sure for Oxley. Both, therefore, have sacrificed a certainty for the sake of fighting out the question whether Brisbane has really changed its face. It required a strong man to compete with any chance of success against Mr. Palmer, whose popularity I have so often analyzed and declared, that no more here need be said upon the fact. Mr. Griffith is the one man, perhaps, in the colony who would be a formidable rival. Though not born in Australia, he is regarded as virtually a colonial, and the people are justly proud of a young man, just thirty years of age, who distinguished himself so highly at the Sydney University, who became a Cabinet Minister at an age when most other men are only thinking of politics, whose ability and powers of work are unquestioned, and whose private character j is without reproach. If there be any latent determination in the Brisbane constituency to make a stand of what I will still term party principles, there could not be a better rallying point than the late Attorney-General. As to Mr. Palmer, his former constituents have presented him with a very warm-hearted address, in which they accept the inevitable with good grace, regretting " that political exigencies " have rendered necessary the severance of a long and pleasant public relationship. On his part Mr. Palmer echoes this regret, but adds, " You have set an example which I trust other constituencies will follow." Hitherto most of the public expressions of opinion by candidates have been guarded-too guarded, in fact, to ground comment upon. The prevalent tone of the Queensland Prafes is that there seems little to choose in this respect between Mr. M'Ilwraith and his friends, and Mr. Douglas and his but you can detect an under- current of feeling in Mr. M'Ilwraith's favour, for the double reason that he is a comparatively new man whom it may be well to try at the head of affairs, and that he will represent a compromise between the two ancient parties and it is noticeable that, so far, the familiar "squatter" cry has not been raised except in isolated instances. Mr. Douglas has had a successful meeting of his constituents at Maryborough, where he seems safe, with the Speaker as a colleague. The Premier replied warmly to the attacks of late made so mercilessly upon him, and described certain members of the Opposition as political Basha Bazouks, and the hostile newspapers as gossiping gobemouches. 'He, like the other Ministers, avowed that, whichever party be in power, public works must go forward, though he admitted that the problem yet to be solved was how to find the money. The Colonial Treasurer, Mr Dickson, enter more minutely into financial matters. Upon railway expenditure he gave no uncertain sound. The five millions and a half voted by Parliament for railways he declares to have been employed' to extend railways from the coast into the interior almost exclusively to benefit pastoral holdings. Not one penny, he says, has been spent to im- prove the condition of the agricultural settler on the coast' or to enable him to bring his produce to market with any greater facilities than he possessed years ago. He would not stop the railways penetrating the interior, but after the present extensions are completed, would construct only cheap lines in populous districts where there is a reasonable probability of the interest on the outlay being recouped to the Treasury. A revision of taxation he also insists upon, but points out that any increase of revenue should be looked for from other sources than the Custom- house, and tim); the " territorial estate should be enforced to become a larger contributor to the necessities of the State." Mr. Garrick, the late Minister for Lands, says he does not take a gloomy view of our financial position, but thinks that the temporary check consequent upon the severe droughts of last year calls for care, but not fear. Mr. W. H. Walsh, however, in an address to the electors of the Logan (by whom he has been requested to replace Mr. M'Lean, the Good Templar member), raises a note of warning. In characteristic language he tells us that we are again entering upon a most critical period of the colony's affairs. "From the very summit of prosperity and fame, he remarks, " of proud belief and hope, we have been led gently to realise the unpleasant fact that our public expenditure exceeds our income, and that reckless extravagance for party purposes 4 does not commend itself to provident debenture cus- tomers." Mr. Walsh, in the House or out of it is nothing if not original, and he is original in his address, for he sets forth that it is time " we assisted in what I may term the disendowment of the State metropolis. Too long, for the good of the colony and perhaps for yourselves, have Queen-street societies and Queen-street politicians flooded the adjacent electorates with most peculiar people and agents. The Logan electorate has hitherto been reckoned stanchly Ministerialist, but Mr. Walsh has received a requisition whose signatures have considerably astonished the public. Here, again, we have the Opposition pushing the war into the enemy's camp and receiving unexpected support. The machinery for the new electorates, I may add, is well advanced, and it is expected that it will run smoothly, though it has been called somewhat hastily into use. 