By the Nepean River BY WAIF WANDER. \-----------o----------- Many years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to the present site of the Circular Quay, and at about three o'clock in the afternoon the bright sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. The figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. He was well- featured, but not pleasant-faced — a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinate firm- ness of lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. He was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat; he carried a stout whip in his brown hand, and the clerk set him down at once as a country wool-grower down with his waggons. "There's a ship expected in by your folk, ain't there— a ship called the Wave of Life," he asked. "She's in," replied the young man at the desk; "there she lies," and he pointed with the handle of his pen toward a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. "In? is she? Ah! And she has brought out some women, hasn't she? some servants I mean?' "Yes, she has eighteen females on board, I believe." "What would be the best way to engage one? Can I take a boat and go out to the vessel ?" "She's discharging her passengers now; I'm going down to the wharf in a few moments; you can come along if you like, and you'll have an opportunity of seeing the women as they land." In a few moments, as the clerk had said, they were on their way to the wharf, and as they reached it a couple of boats were making their way toward the shore. It was evident that the boats were principally occupied by females, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new country, in which everything seemed so strange to their unaccustomed eyes. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy-browed woman, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that seemed to take in everything around her and analyse it, as far as her own personal interest was concerned. She was not very young — she might have been thirty — and she looked like a woman who would not lose her way even in so great a continent as Australia. As they landed and were met upon the wharf by many whom curiosity or business had led to see the new arrivals, the woman I have described stood a little apart, looking keenly from face to face of the strangers around, and listen- ing sharply to what passed between those who sought to engage a servant from among her late companions. Her ap- pearance seemed to attract the man who had come down with the shipping-clerk, and he moved toward her. "Are you looking for a situation, my girl?" he asked, bending his brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his broad hat. "I suppose so," she answered, as she returned his stare with interest. "Have you one to offer me?" "I have. I am just down to engage a woman." "For what kind of work ?" "Housework, in the country." "And the wages ?" "Oh, we won't quarrel about the wages. If you will come with me I'll give you the highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that I know it isn't every girl would care to take it." "How far away is it ?" "Over forty miles. Just under the first spur of the Blue Mountains." The woman laughed. It was not a pleasant laugh to hear — it was harsh and shallow. "I'm as wise as I was before. What do I know about your Blue Moun- tains or your Green Mountains! There's one thing I'd like to ask you, my good man. What made you pick me out of all these girls to ask me? My looks are not in my favour I know." "Perhaps it was because they are not that I preferred you. You look like a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. That's the sort of woman I want." "Well, you're right; that's about my character, and if we agree about terms I think I'll go. Them Blue Mountains of yours will have to be very high indeed if they keep me from coming back to Sydney if I have a mind to," and she laughed again the strange, disagreeable laugh I remarked on before. "But one thing I may as well tell you at once, I don't go one foot with you or any man until I'm taken to some well- known person of this city that will vouch for your decency and respectability." "That is but fair," he said, "and I agree to it." "And now you may give me a name to call you by," she said. "My own name is Martha Wilderness." "And mine Mark Blum." "You're not a foreigner ?" "No, but I expect some of my people were Germans. Now, Martha Wilder- ness, if you will point out your luggage, I'll get it taken to the place I put up at, and where you may as well put up at too. They are respectable people there, and have known me for years." Apparently all was arranged to the woman's satisfaction, for the earliest sunrays of the next morning saw the waggon of Mark Blum on its way to the Blue Mountains, with Martha Wilderness sitting under the tilt, but near the front, where she could see the fine team of horses and talk to the gloomy-looking owner as he drove. They were a strange couple as they jogged along, and had anyone have been thereto observe them, it must have been commented on. Hours and hours of the long summer day they sat there in silence, each apparently immersed in unpleasant thought, totally irre- spective of the existence of the other, only arousing occasionally as some stoppage was necessary, or the wants of the horses had to be attended to. When the sun was falling beneath the horizon, however, and they were but a little way from the place Blum had told the woman he should camp out for the night, a new mood seemed to overtake the immigrant. Clapping her hands together, so suddenly that Blum turned and looked at her with a start, she cried, "Well, we're nice company! How far have we come, Mr. Blum?" "Well, we're about thirty miles from. Sydney, and about fifteen from the Nepean. My place is not far from Emu Ford, and if the moon wasn't so old, I'd give the horses a rest and get in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high, you see," and he pointed to the pale crescent that was drooping towards the trees. "Are you tired ?" he asked. "Tired! no, not I — I'm never tired at night. I'm like the cats, and the bats, and the rats; I only begin to be alive when the world goes to sleep. My! but this is a fine country !" Blum looked wonderingly at the speaker, who seemed in earnest in her admiration of one of the most depressing bits of scenery the whole road between Parramatta and the Nepean could show. They had reached a low, marshy spot, where the coarse vegetation was low, and where the heavy timber had receded in the direction of the not now distant Nepean river. The sun had fairly set by this time, and broad, dark clouds from the east were creeping up the sky, darkening and deepening the shadows, and rendering the long, low marsh even gloomier looking than had the day light fallen upon its surface. The woman's eyes were roaming eagerly over the desolate landscape, as if she thoroughly enjoyed it, and her com- panion began to think he had got to deal with a very strange woman. "If you really like the look of Barra Swamp," he said, "you must be very different from other people." "I am very different from other people, Mr. Blum, and so are you. It was because I saw that at the first look that I wanted to come up to the Blue Mountains with you." "Saw what ?" he asked sharply, turn- ing a dark look upon the speaker. "Saw that you had a secret in your face, that there was down in your heart a dark something to hide that you were afraid would look out of your eyes! Oh, I'm a rare one to read faces, especially when they're bad ones use your's." Blum stared at her with such anger and consternation that he forgot his team, and had they not been accustomed to the road they might have passed the track that led to the river side, where he was in the habit of camping, but they took it of their own accord, and the change drew the driver's attention to them. "You're no coward, at all events, my good woman," he said, "and I must have a talk to you in plain language presently." "No, I'm no coward," she returned; "if I was I shouldn't have come with you ; and as for plain language, that's the sort I like to deal in sometimes," she added, with a slight hesitation as though recalling a something that she had over- looked. It was far pleasanter down by the river. Trees grew on its murmering banks, and green grasses hid the dark ground, and in the growing darkness even there a deep gloom lay under the spreading branches of the dark pines that bordered the Nepean. There was no word exchanged between the ungenial companions until the horses had been attended to, and a rough meal prepared and partaken of, but when that was cleared away, Martha Wilderness spoke. "Now, master," she said, with a sar- castic emphasis, "we're ready for that plain language of yours. What's the business you have trapped me for at the Blue Mountains ?" "Trapped you for ?" he repeated. "Or thought you trapped me for, where all along it was you that was trapped !" and again the strange laugh fell repellantly on the ears of her new employer. "I laid no trap for you," he retorted. "I engaged you for housework in the back country, and you signed an agree- ment to do it." "Yes, but when I signed that agree- ment, I never asked you what sort of housework it was. Do you think any fool, couldn't see in your face that it wasn't for sweeping floors and washing dishes you wanted a strong-minded and able-bodied woman to go to the Blue Mountains with you ? By the way, what do they call them blue for ? Are they blue?" It was a sudden change of subject, and excited the suspicions of Blum. He looked at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must be, and felt a strange curiosity to know what was pass- ing in her mind. Surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of miles to know anything of his life, when not one in the country he dwelt in suspected its reality? Martha was sitting on the grass, with her back leaning against a log, and the low moon sinking beyond the glittering waters, throwing its sad light on her pale face. She had taken off her bonnet and tossed it on the ground beside her, where it still lay, and her hand with it. Blum sat on a bit of wood at the dis- tance of a few feet from her, and his shoulder, was toward the moon. One side of his face was in deep shadow, and the brim of his hat fell low over his fore- head ; but even in the pale moonlight the pallor of the man's face was like a white patch against the dark background, and his eyes shone like coals offire. As Martha asked the irrelevant ques- tion regarding the name of the mountain that she could now see the bold outline of rising up against the horizon, her own keen orbs were bent upon Blum's face, which she watched with a greater sus- picion than was exhibited in even his own half-angry gaze. "Well," she said, abruptly, "why don't you tell me why they call them blue? they look black to me." What the — do I care why or what they call them !" he returned. "Do you think I engaged you to come up to the Nepean to talk of the Blue Mountains ?" "No, I don't ; you brought me up to do some dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself even now. What was it? that's what I want to know." Her attitude was so determined and aggressive, as she partially raised her self, and, lifting her hand from the ground, held it out before him with an air or command, that it, almost uncon- sciously to himself, impressed him. "Well, that's just what I want to tell you. You're a sharp woman, you are, to have guessed that I was afraid to tell you for fear you wouldn't come. But we'll have it out now — it's too late to go back." "Yes," she replied, "it's far too late now; what business have you for me? Why did you look among all my com- panions, and, passing by the fair and jolly girls, pick out the dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work." "Because it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will — you have both, Martha Wilderness." "Yes, I have. See to that," she said, pushing the loose sleeve up from her wrist, and showing an arm, white as a woman's, but strong and muscular almost as a man's. "What is it you want me to do? Is it murder? I could strangle you, I think, if I had a mind to;" and putting the ends of her strong fingers and thumbs together, she gripped them in as though she were crushing the life out of some living thing, and listening to its gasps. Blum shuddered to the marrow of his bones. "No, no !" he cried, "how can you talk like that, woman? It's bad enough as it is. Well, the plain English of it is that my wife is mad, and I want you to look after her." "Mad! Your wife mad?" Like a knife the terrible laughter of that strange being went through Mark Blum. Her hands fell to her lap, and letting her head drop back so that the heavy braids of her black hair unloosed and fell upon the log behind her, she laughed until the echoes rang among the branches of the trees above her and along the winding bank of the Nepean river. "Woman, there is surely nothing to laugh at in madness! " Blum cried, half in terror and half in anger. "Isn't there? Sometimes it seems to me the funniest thing in the world is a mad woman. And so you want me to watch your wife, who is mad?" "Yes, you are not afraid of the job I see." "I told you I was no coward ; what way is she mad? Is she dreamy and silent? does she wander with the moon, or kill with it ? Or does she nurse and hide one feeling down below all others, a feeling to which years are as days, and which only gathers with time? Does she carry that one feeling about with her from youth to age, and over land and seas to quench it at last in the blood - of an enemy ?" She was like a Pythoness, whom the evil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as she rose suddenly and poured out burn- ing and strange words, to the night air of the Nepean. In the exaggerated imagination of Mark Blum, she seemed to loom tall and weird, in the darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemed to hold a strange power over him, and to subdue his will, like an incantation. "Does she wander about like a ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived her, or of a husband she has lost ? Are her dreams of limitless space, where souls without bodies, flit about in the sunless air, or of the bottomless pits of fire, where the accursed of heaven dwell? Ha ! ha ! ha ! of what strange things are the thoughts of mad women !" Blum swept the cold perspiration from his forehead, and got up hurriedly. "I'm beginning to think, you're mad yourself, my good woman, and I will take a ramble until you come to yourself. If I hadn't been in your company all day, I'd swear you had been drinking," and he strode off into the darkness. "Fool!" she muttered to herself, as she once more sat upon the grass ; 'he thinks that nothing but drink can make a woman mad — he, of all men, ought to know better ?' As she ceased to speak the sounds of a quickly approaching horse's feet became distinct, and in a few moments a horse man alighted close to the waggon. See- ing the recumbent or half-recumbent figure of the woman making the shadows darker where she sat, he peered forward in the gloom, and spoke. "You are a woman, eh? Where's Blum?" "Here, there, anywhere," she answered, carelessly. "I am here, John. What has hap- pened?" Blum spoke sharply as he came near the man, and one could hear that his voice trembled. "Nothing that need fret you much, Blum. She's dead." "Dead?" "Yes, and I thought I'd better meet you with the news, or someone else might. There's all sorts of yarns at the Ford about it, and I did not know how you'd take 'em." "Yarns ?" "Yes, I haven't been up to your place since you left, you know, and it seems someone from over the mountains happened to pass by the house yesterday, and had the curiosity to listen at the door or window, wondering how you had left your wife. It is said that groans were heard — at all events the stranger smashed in the door with your own axe, and found the woman dying." "Not dead ? not speechless ?" "No, she told him that you had left her there for over a week without water and without food, and that she was dying of want. But she told him more," the man said, drawing closer and almost whispering; "she told that you wished her death, lest she should inform of your crimes, and that she had never been mad. Mark Blum, I rode here to-night to give you a chance for your life, for if you go to Emu Ford they will lynch you — if they don't, dead men have been brought to light from their graves made by you, and the law will do your business." The speaker waited for an instant, but the wretched Blum made no reply, and the man remounted without another word and rode away again into the gloom. Blum stood where he had listened, as if he had been struck dumb ; in those few minutes of helpless silence he doubtless suffered an almost unendurable agony from the horror of his own thoughts. He had forgotten, all but the terrible words of the departed horseman, and when the woman he had forgotten put her hand on his arm he gasped with terror, as though he thought his mur- dered wife had come face to face with him in the lone night by the Nepean River. "Ha ! ha !" she laughed; "I am not, and yet I am, the ghost of your dead wife. At last, at last, Mark Blum, your sins have overtaken you." "Who are you that talks to me like this?" he cried, hoarsely, as though the words choked him. "If you heard that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. If I had meant to kill her would I have hired you to attend her?" "Only the Spirit of Evil knows what you would be capable of doing, Mark Blum. I know what you have done. And so you have murdered your second wife? Not every man can boast of killing two wives!" The moon was now just throwing her last beams full in the faces of the two so strangely cast together in that wild and lonely spot, and from the cloudless sky millions of stars were pouring down their brightness as the last beams of the hidden daylight ceased to contend with them. Into each other's faces the two stared steadily, and it seemed to Mark Blum, as if, moment by moment, the woman's face became more familiar to him. "Who are you ?" he repeated. "Your face is changing — it is not the face of the woman I engaged at Sydney. I think I am going mad! I feel choking!" and he tore from his neck the scarf that encircled it. "You know my face too well, Mark Blum — a living man cannot forget the face of his victim. I am Jane Repsill." "Jane Repsill!" "That was, until she became Jane Blum. Wonder you dared to live under that same name, even although thou- sands and thousands of miles were between you and the blood you had shed. But you did not spill enough of it. You left me for a corpse; but, although my skull was fractured, I recovered, to find myself mad! Not mad enough to forget you though, Mark Blum. Not mad enough to prevent me from vowing a vow, and repeating it for fifteen years, until the asylum doors were opened to the recovered lunatic! Recovered! I shall let you and them see !' He staggered back and lifted his hand to his head. "If it is really you, Jane, have pity on me — I believe I am dying." "It is time for you to die. Would to God that you had died twenty years ago!" and as the old memories flooded up the diseased brain, she seemed to forget the man, who fell to the grass at her feet; she mechanically fell again to her former seat on the grass and buried her face in her hands. There was no eye to mark the two figures half hidden among the shadows, and hours passed away, leaving their outlines unchanged. Clouds crept up once more and hid the brightness of the heavens, and wild breezes swept among the pines and roughened the sur- face of the cold Nepean. Moaning sounds followed the course of the erratic breezes, and dead leaves from the branches above fell upon the face of Mark Blum and upon the disordered hair of the silent woman, but they made no sign. The calico cover of the waggon flapped in the wind, and the satisfied horses crept near it for company, but the man lay prone upon the grass and the woman's face was still hidden from the dews of night. The morning broke bright and beau- tiful on the shores of the river, and in all his glory the glad sun shone full upon the sleepers. The horses, looking for their early feed, moved towards their slumbering master, and then fled with a terrified snort. A grey lizard crept along the log against which the woman leaned, and invading her long, damp, black hair, crawled to her shoulder and touched with its shiny sides, the hands that hid her face, but she did not chide it ; and when the same horseman, who had warned Blum, returned during the day to satisfy himself that Blum had fled, he found the murderer staring with sightless eyes up at the heaven he had outraged ; and the dead woman with her face for ever hidden from the world she had suffered in. There are green spots now by the Nepean River, and many homesteads on its banks, but where those dead bodies lay the air seems always gloomy to those who know the story I have told you. \----------------------- The times are hard — everybody says so— but the wages of sin have not been out down. Any mail pays too much for his whistle who has to wet it fifteen or twenty times a day. The other day the Berkshire Courier, with well-feigned innocence, inquired, "How can five persons divide five eggs so that each man will receive one, and still one remain in the dish." After several hundred people went two-thirds distracted in the mazes of this pro- position, the Courier meanly says — One takes the dish with the egg. 