THE THEATRES, &c.; On Saturday night last, Miss Ward appeared at the Theatre Royal in another character— to wit, Mary Warner—in the drama of the same name. It is a much better drama than "Olivia's Love," and the part of Mary Warner ie a much more effective part than that of Olivia. Eight or nine years ago, it will be remembered, Mrs. Gladstane ap peared in it at the Princess's. I think, indeed, it was her opening part, and I do not remember that it has been played since, until now that Miss Ward has revived it. Miss Ward plays it more than merely well She plays it as if she thoroughly felt its meaning, and had completely lost herself in the cha racter. There is nothing of the actress in her Mary Warner, and so, as a matter of course, Bhe makes the audience understand and feel it also. You remember the story, how that a devoted woman takes upon herself the odium of a crime she has not committed, in order to shield her husband, who she thinks has committed it. It is a reversal of the plot of " Arrah na Pogue," in which, as you will call to mind, the husband becomes the sacri fice. In " Mary Warner," however, the interest is increased by the misunderstanding there is between husband and wife. She is indignant that he does not show a conscious ness of the sacrifice she has made, and he is shocked that she does not appear to be sensible of the sin he believes she has com mitted. This interchange of misunderstand ings is well kept up all through the piece, and, therefore, the attention of the audience was, for the most part, engrossed by Miss Ward and Mr. Carey, both of whom showed how completely seized they were of the Teal significance of the several situations in which the two characters were .engaged. They supported each other, more than in the conventional sense, admirably. Mr. Appleton. was the villain by whose lack of honesty all t.Vin trnnhlA nnmes abont. iuiA cnnRintent.lv with his artistic perceptions he represented such a villain -as the author purposed. It is not a ferocious beetle-browed villain, intent upon blood and delighting in thunder, bnt a lazy villain, who steals because he is too idle to do any work. He is one of those men who are good so long as they have no temptation to be other than good. All this Mr, Appleton made.to. appear. Somehow > or other, Mr. Appleton seems to be generally selected to play villains;. but, unlike other villain specialists, he discriminates in his villainy, and can be either ferocious, crafty, weak, or determined in his wrong-doing. Mr. Baylor, as the policeman, represented the law, and did so with characteristic re semblance. Mr. O'Brien, as a prison-keeper, was also in a minor degree representative of the law, but in a different fashion, and with compaendable discernment. Miss Carrington had a: part which fitted her liken well-chosen glove, and so had Mrs. Bryer. That very ladylike little creature, Lily Barer, played a. child-part with so much ^daintiness. and pretty little-girlishnesa, that 79a could not. but admire her, and, admiring her, wondered wh^heruamewas potinthe bilL But, in truth; concerning bills, there is something to be said just now.-There are various kinds of bills used in the Melbourne theatres, and some of'them■ arecpmpiled with great slovenliness. Espe cially I have to complain of the practicerof printing them without any date. It js done, I am aware, to saVe the trouble of altering the form each day.. For the' sake of the trifiihg extra expense involved in the neces saryhhange, of altering the type day hy day, it ojugbt hot to be permitted i and as. there is competition amopg. the printers who shall supjply the..bills, I. think the management might well make it a condition, .that every dayfsbifi shall have both the day of theweek' rand month and the year inserted. Agoodmany people—-subrum pars suni—pteaetv6 playbills, the. value Of which is greatly lessened iffcbey .be {not dated- . AU very old Plwbdle. ato! dated. and few printed, documents. ^e mpre ,mt^rbsting, for they carry .'us back with a, pleasantly familiar association to, a period when such papers had a - living interest.' Goipgback to " Mary Warper,''- the scenery , curious. Perhaps the management had a .mind: to erorciae the; imagination of the •Wtdfohtfer' .If »Qfr.they exer^jse^. it^fppg; .dtoh'". * ' • ■ ■ ' ' - Last night Miss Ward whs to play Pauline 09 the ocetoion ofher benefit. To- night she appears for the last time for the present; and opfdondayohegoes to Tasmania* - ■ On' Tuesday, .night, atthe .? Qpera-bpuae,; .MrJ Leans topk( hie benefit, and specialisefl: 'thel Occasion by pr^htujg to the, Australian kMisi, skieM ejjabed, • bh 'one""of ^ wMtm' 'filters was -hri* inscription;- aaytagwho-gave .-oaft'i-jftfe. -Waived,* icttdiOn -the> other, ;th'e monogram pj( jthe .receiver,-, The,Eleven' .3 fi° ■1 I .. .. .. 4 upon the stage, as they did at the'other theatres, but sat in the Governor's box, an® had the souvenirs given to them there by Mr. Lewis, who, however, first mads a few remarks upon the stage, and thanked the' audience for their presence. The first piece performed on this occasion was a pastoral drama by Mr. Charles Reade, originally known as "Rachel, the Reaper," but now advertised as "The Reapers," and it was followed by the French comedy of " Deli cate Ground." Speaking of this latter first, the cast, which, as you know consists only, of three characters, inl eluded Mrs. Steele, Mr. Thome, and. Mr. Hamilton. When Mr. Hamilton played Metamora, he seemed to have " a big manly voice,5' but when he played Sangfroid on Tuesday night, he had so little voice that I could not hear a quarter of what he was supposed to say, and whatl did hear was but little pleasing. I conclude, therefore, that parts of this kin<l, at.any rate, axe not in his way. The epoch' of this little play is that of the first French Revolution, and Mr. Hamil ton dressed in a suit of modern black 1 It was enough to make Robespierre's ghost shiver. But Mrs. Steele, as Pauline, made ample amends for Mr. Hamilton's deficiencies. She played with an animation which,.even for her—excellent as she always is—was remark able. In fact, hair acting in. the character could not possibly be improved tiponi And Mr. Thorneas Alphbnse waS thoroughly in his element, I have seen Alphonse played as if he were just one degree Bhort of an idiot. But Mr. Thorne is too good an acjtor to mak& such a mistake. , ; The first piece, "Rachel the ReSLper," or„ if you like it by its neWer Shd longer title, "The Reapers,or ClondB and Sunshine," i& a story' of lovely woman stooping tofolly, andi finding too late that some young men betray. But the lovely woman in this instance does not carry out the prediction contained in Goldsmith's verses, she does notdie," but,, having confessed her sin, fearries another young farmer, who is content to take her with the Soiledness, to consideration of her bringing him a fortune suddenly acquired.. The betrayer is denounced, and partly punished, and an old warrior who fought at Waterloo, and who had vainly, because of physical infirmities, endeavoured to Blay the betrayer, becomes happy, as does everybody else, including a dashing widow, an eccentric. philosopher—who marries the widow—and the old people who, up to the time of the discovery of the'fortune possessed "by the eiring young person, had strongly opposed the match with their son. Altogether, it is far from an uninteresting play, because the incidents are oil'of the probable kind. And as' it was very well played, its interest was correspondingly in creased. Miss Jessie Gray, as - the female reaper, across whose path some some &hadows; have fallen, showed' how gOod anactress she ia becoming, by the intelligence, the ease, the womanly feeling, and the complete -absence* of apparent effort with which she worked out the character. It was a difficult, Add, in some particulars, not a pleasant part to play; but she acquitted herself so ryell as greatly to encourage the hopt& her best friends have formed of her future. MHs Telham showed to surprising advantage' as the widow, and got many rounds of applause for tbe energy and. vivacity of ' hfcr man ner, mpre especially in ^hfcjMpnes where she gives a piece of her to the vil lain whose wickedness elm%nmawrs/ Mr. Wheatleigh, as you may ;$@poMi;iito'afr you might wish as theold toldii»,%Refber to appearance, : manner, or feeling. Mr.. Philiipe wfts the g£0<jlyoung mtowjandltbe successful, lover. Good young men, no tha stage, «tod ettcf^eful. lovers ire tiresomer; nut Mr. PRdlips was as little tiresome as it was possible for the beet example of accepted Ariitors of irre proachable moraLcondnct to be.Mr. Thome, as a .matter pf course, played an .-centric part, and, equally as a matter was very amusing, ,</Uso, as a matter of ^ourse, he was amusing without any straining after effect.' For however funny Mr. Thome is, he is always real. Mr. Boothman was jthe betrayer. He. had everybody against him, .both on and off the stage,;##:was made out to be as undesirable afifp^erfif so ciety as you might not wish to to the end of the play, he fety as iniquitous a yohng ferm eras; had pver taken advantage of the enfare bdnfiaSnoe of a pretty female reaper . He .was^ probably glad.whera. he made his.-^fial eldt,'A»d he® time tp toPsnt and he sfflgar.{fef 4• Last night at -this Rcpsei M^.^ Wheat-; ieigh And Hamilton wfretofetolhew benefit, and Mr. Jade Win were to play to— Expiation." -; - 3 . - On Monday bight, at tbe Acedemy^Mibb ^ep'before theput^jmli .nitetJ^wesafn1' eoncett-fctogef for niong^e^a#'Msheld \- herj place; 'deservedly 4&BA-; the; mxy best, and, WWngher nOWb^ifothpliteffiuflical ' A9c|^.to®peto,the to be that ,shejhA^not beeR,h«tedii^f®er»3y«Wi weP$yeton&|$npwijthat,Bhehw.ajwely cnltivnted .votee iB Sqhaif^' a mawr fa miliar to allwhohave' heara^h^r'tdso. that she isOapable>QfmttehfeeUttglsTiO less .op record. . dBhe.has now made a cbmplete UVTIf -r,VT. w "TheBohemian Girl""a good mahrtitaes.' but I never heard the tausieof ? AHtoef Sufigi 1 tooto -Shtirely tomyaatisfactionthad onMon^v ^^ht-aft^ibbwtotetooneivAensatio^T . . kuwibmwmvx- that toavery short time.indeedt kab^Adffiooquite mbh {familiaritywiihetiige ente.aatofree her > oqmplefcely£rom> .**r. nii It - ci'i any delect of nervousness. Her Speaking voice, almoBt as a matter of course, was at times inaudible, but that is easy of explana tion. She uses her off-stage voice, but her . intelligence will very soon suggest to her the derirabjliy of altering its pitch to suit an andience. I offer her my very warm congratula tions upon her success, 'and I hope we shall now see and hear her in many operas. Of the reBt of the cast, Mr. "Bracy was the only other novelty. 1 like his Thaddeus exceed ingly but then I like anything Mr. Bracy does and Bings. He iB always so bright, so pleasant, so cheerful, feo fresh in his manner. He never goes straining after the unattain able. He sings like a sensible gentleman, and 1 have heard no Thaddeus whom I have liked better, and some that I have heard I have not liked half so well. Last night here Mr. Bracy and Mr. George Leopold were to have their, benefit, and the English Eleven were to he among the patrons. 1 Mr. Smythe's benefit, at the Town-hall on Saturday night, brought together a crowded house. . Mr. Clark was never heard to mote' satisfaction, and the plethoraof musical talent which had gathered together, flooded the great hall With a delightful'deluge of sweet sounds, so thaf; you could well imagine Mr. Smythe had made friends beyond the earth, and brought down some of the morning stars to ring for Joy. On Monday, at the Popular Concert, there was some novelty, including a lecture by Mr. Bearpark Dimelow, on " Windsor Castle." Mr. Charles Sykes presided at the organ, and confirmed the many good opinions that have been expressed of him, that he is much more than only a technically clever musician. The Melbourne Liedertafel gave one of their highly-formulated concerts on Monday, at Hockin's-rooms. Speaking generally, it was quite up to their customary level of ex cellence. Speaking particularly, it included the novelty of a young pianiBt, Master Ziebel, who diBcpvered a yery yarp ability indeed. Miss Fletcher, of whom mention was made in these .columns last week, sang pleasantly, and with jtbat refined expression which only a cultivated sensibility can communicate. On Wednesday night the other Liedertafel —to wit, the Metropolitan—gave their con cert at the Town-hall. I call it a concert, for one must give it some kind of name; but if you were to describe it with particulars you would say that you sat in a large conserva tory/among fountains and flowers and ferns, and figures of Greek and modem mould, and that ypii listened to such music as made you imagine you were in spm.e world where there is no. worry, and no weariness, and where you could fpr over wander throhgh cool glades, or xecli^ upprigraSsy slopes, and hearken to the plashr of clear water and the music of happy birds, and drink in the pure air laden with scents of a thousand flowers. You would not spoil the effect of Buch influence by , dry criticism. Especially you would regard it as a kind of outrage to criticise that singularly poetical performance in which a voice pnre as that of an angel at daybreak in the garden of Eden poured, like violet vapour upon yopr senses, out of a larger cloud of soft, founds, and lulled you into a half dream of indefinable contentment. I hope, therefore, there will be. more conservatory concerts of the Metropolitan. If we had them often Tfe should he iess grosB, less earthy, perhaps less enyious and detracting thahwew^ \- to-night/at St. George's Hall, the Blon denettes axe to annear for the first-time in Melbourne. TAHITE. 