MSKELLANEOUS. What word may be pronounced quicker by adding one syllable to it ?— Qaick. Which is oddest, the man who asks a quef. lion or the one who answers ? The one wbo ask?, because he is the querist. It is said that gardeners are always as. willing to part with their grounds, hot so far is we know they are always ready to fork them over. Scandalous remark by the Cincinnati Break fast Table : "4 The phonograph will . probably be called a 4 she,' because it repeats every, thing." An observing old lady says : 41 It's the quiet yetrag man iu the corner, who lets his rivals do ail the talking, that usually marries the eirL" ; A witty girl made a stern, sober faped'RU laugh, whereupon her companion said : " Do&t;, Neiiy, don't. You are disturbing the grave. " One is glass in eyes and the other is iaiag- glass." That is the answer, and a very clever one it is, too. ( What we want now is a oonau- dmm it. The Speech. — A Yankee politician was elected on the merits oi one single speech. All he said was, " Fellow- country men, follow me to yonder bar saloon." The best thing about ghosts was. said by Coleridge, when asked by a lady if ha believed in them. "No, madam. I have seen toe many ef them to believe in them." I Several years ago a young man put a suttui money in a savings bank, and forget aJl about it until recently, when, after reckoning up the interest, it was found that the bank had f riled A well known dramatist caaaay rude things. Some one said to him, last week, 41 Yon want a new hat." " Yes, that's quite true," he replied. 44 But why say it ? I never told you you wanted a new head." A painter's apprentice fell off a scaffold with a pot of paint in eaoh hand. He was taken up up insensible, but as soon as he was restored to consciousness he murmured, " I west doVB with flying colours anyhow." Tit for Tat. — An ill-tempered and pompous old man said to a noisy urohiu, 44 What are you whistling and yelling so for when I'm riding by ?" To which the boy responded, " What are you ridin' by for when I'm a whistlia' auda yellin' ?" Josh Billings in a zoologioal moment tells nsthat the peculiarity of the fly is that hft jf turns to the same spot ; but it is the charac teristic of the mosquito that he returns to another spot. Thns he differs from the leopard, which does not change its spots. It is hard to come down iu the world through upright dealing, but harder still to stoop todJi honest dealing in order to keep up in the world. If the loss of temporal gain be the gai&tflf; eternal good, then the reverse of fortune is the reverse of misfortune. Speaking of an acquaintance, 11 1 was not aware t&at; you . knew him," said Smith toAR Irish friend, the other day. " Knew hisa" oried the Emerald Islander in a tens whiok comprehended knowledge of more than ene Ma " I knew him when his father was a boy IV - A physician who reoently conducted riM post mortem examination in a case of infantionMk reported 44 that he was unable to disoevnr whether the child was alive or not at the tinge of its death." This is probably the naino dootor who reoently advertuedtiiat hehJJ moved "from the place where he noVrrf ides." ..." ®ow ftm, madam, please look ibriilfti tins piaoe on tho wall," said a photograph an old lady, when he had put her inpotitiflU and tiie plate in the oamera. The old bfe looked hard at the spot indicated, then gMtgp and walked norma the floor and minutely in speoted it, and then, turning to the pnstU grapher, gently remarked, "I don't see any thing there. « A friend met Mr. Byron, the dramatist1®!® asked him, " Well, Byron, have yon wy«MI| on tho stocks ?" 44 Let methink-r-y« d1fP the 4 Investors' Handbook.' " V No, nofjjjg know what I mean. Are you writing anytiM% fresh ?" " Fresh 1 Did I ever stale ? " Tut, tut ! Have yen / itw.BI in hand ?" " No, it'a on took" MmN be lis title r "Will Shortly _ » a peer. , 