OUR AMUSEMENTS. " Have a care of your entertainments." — Sitakespere. Victoria Theatre. " Henry IV. " continues to reign triumphantly, and from every point of view constitutes an attraction to the theatre-goer such as is seldom afforded in this city. As a comedy, a history, and an epic poem combined, there are few more delightful compositions in the English language ; and though, as we hinted last week, a little more unctuousness in the delivery would be an improvement, Mr. Creswick's delineation of the incomparable Falstaff cannot fail to please. It is finished, racy, and picturesque. Why will Mr. Carey persist in spoiling his capable and painstaking assumptions by slovenly and inappropriate costume? This appears to be the invari able rule with him ; and it is not too much to affirm, that in " Henry IV." he is the worst dressed actor upon the stage. His first costume is unhistorie ; his second is shabby, incomplete, and marred by the Roman helmet he adopts in marvellously bad taste. Mr. Punch would also recommend him to use his razors more assiduously. At present his face, as viewed from " the front," conveys the impres sion that Hotspur was as averse to soap and water as he was to hum bug. For Saturday evening next " Othello" is announced. Theatre Royal. Byron's clever burlesque, " I vanhoe," has amused large audiences since its production, and is well worth witnessing. Mr. Punch, how ever, cannot refrain from recording a protest against the system which seems to be growing up amongst our theatre managers of dragging out burlesques into two and three acts, and otherwise injudiciously protracting them. " Ivanhoe " was intended to play about an hour and a quarter — it is made to play rather more than two hours and a half; and to effect this it has been partitioned into acts, and a number of ballads and dances introduced, chiefly of the concert- hall class. This has a tendency to make the piece, in the familiar term, " draggy," and to mar the interest in the performance ; for the progress of a burlesque should be all dash, vigour, and animation throughout. Nearly all the original music, for some reason not very apparent, has been excised. Mr. Punch would also observe that, even in burlesque, the unities ought, to some extent at any rate, to be preserved. Sir Brian de Bois Guilbert is a Knight Templar ; Miss Lydia Howarde makes him a sort of feminine Count di Luna. That the character is intended to be costumed in travesty of the chivalric panoply is apparent from Ivanhoe's first line, " Attempt no violence, my friend in armour," Ac., and from other allusions in the piece. The character is hardly fitted for a lady. Miss Maggie Oliver makes Sir Wilfred, of Ivanhoe, a larrikin in page's attire — surely not the author's intention. Too much credit, however, can hardly be awarded Mr. South as Rebecca, and Mr. Brown as Isaac of York, a la Fagin and " Ole Clo." They keep the audience convulsed, and are really the mainstay of the piece. School op Arts. Thompson's Confederate Diorama, with a comedy company, have located themselves at the hall of this institute, as much to the benefit of the public as to their own treasury. Lieutenant Herman is the great attraction as ventriloquist ; while Buckley, in his Irish representations, and Cowan, as a negro delineator, supply any amount of food for laughter. The Guild Hall. At this Hall "The Ghost" is continuing his revels with any amount of phantoms, haunted houses, and spectres. Queen's Theatre. The Georgias, for the second time of asking, are drawing large and very enthusiastic houses. " Whar's dat Goose ?" " Big Black Four," and " Helen's Babies," with Chas. B. Hicks, as the favourite " interlocutorer," are the chief attractions. 