SELECT POET&T.; HOLT RUSSIA'S DOOM. BACK, RUSS! or England draws tlio sword j Stand back, and ceaso to lie : Unhand your prey, or, by the Lord! : Assassin, you Bbnll die. Tour lips h ive cozened long onougb, Tour little hour is past; Smooth words now yield to sterner stuff, The Lion's routed at last. Bsat, beat tho drum, the time has come, Eastward ! our road lies there ; The British flag 'gainst Russian rag, Tho Lion 'gainst the Bear. On Alma's heights we've met before, At bloody Inkermann j TVe numbered then but one to four, And yet'twas you that ran. > Back, bragging fool! jou vainly strivo, Britannia holds your fate ; The men who won in fifty-five Have sons in seventy-eight. Beat, beat tho drum, &c.; Hark, gloomy Czar, thy father's ghost Doth whisper in thine ear: *' I, too, could count an endless host, - ?>, I, too, was held in fear: They took my fortress by the sea, llioy humbled Russia's fame ; Great as I waB, their hand reached me I died of grief and shame." Beat, beat tho drum, &o.; Back, baffled thief, give up the prize, Back from those waters blue ! Roumelia's shores, Roumelia's skios Are not for such as you; Back, Cossack scum! back, Tartar horde! Go hide beneath your Bnow; Still English arms can wield a sword, Still strike an English blow. Beat, beat tho drum, tho time has come, Eastward ! our road lies there ; The British flag 'gainst Russian rag, The Lion 'gainst the Bear. -Hornet. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOB TUE HAIR.-If your hair is turning grey or white, or fulling off, us,e The "American Hair Uencwer," for it wilt pot itivchj restore in every case Grey or JPifiiftr hair to its original colour without leaving the disagreeable smell of most .' Restorers." It makes the air charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, wherethc glands are not decayed. Ask your chemist for "TOE MEXICAN HAIR RENEWER," prepared by HENRY C. GALLUP, 94 Oxford*street, Loqdon, and sold by Chemists and Per fumers everywhere 3s« Oil, per bottle,-ABYT, 