Macleod of Dare.* CHAPTER XXXVII. AN UNDERSTANDING. BY WILLIAM BLACK, AUTHOR OF " A PRINCESS OF THULE." ETC. "PAPPY dear," Said Miss White to her father, in a playful way, although it was a serious sort of playfulness, "I have a vague feeling that there is a little too much electricity in the atmoshpere of this place jußt at present I am afraid there may be an explosion ; and you know my nerves can't stand much of a shock. I Bhould be glad to get away." By tbis time she had quito mode up that Uttle difference with her father—she did not choose to be left alone at a somewhat awkward crisis. She had told him she was sure he had not meant what he Baid about her ; and ahe had expressed her sorrow for having provoked him ; and there an end. And, if Mr. White had been driven by his anger to be for tbe moment the ally of Macleod, he was not disinclined to take the other side now and let Miss White have her own will. The vast amount of training he had be stowed on her through many long years was not to be thrown away after aIL, "I told him laat night," said she, "of my having signed an engagement tiU Christmaa next" " Oh, indeed," said her father, quickly looking at her over bia spectacles. " Tes," said Bhe, thoughtfuUy, " and he was not so disturbed or angry as I had expected. Not at all. He was very kind about it But I don't understand him." " What do you not understand ?" "He has grown so strange of late—so sombre. OUce, you know, he was the lightest-hearted young man—enjoying every minute of his Ufe, you know—and really, pappy, I think ——" And here Miss White stopped. "At all events," said she, quickly, " I want to be in a less dangerously exoited atmosphere, where I can ait down and consider matters calmly. It was much better when he and I oorre* Bponded ; tben we oould fairly learn what each other thought Now lam almost afraid of him —I mean lam afraid to ask him a question. I have to keep out of his way. And if it oomes to that, pappy, you know, I feel now as if I was called on to act a part from morning tiU night, whereas I was always assured that if I left the stage and married him it was to be my natural self and I Bhould have no more need to pose snd sham. However, that is ao old quarrel between you and me, pappy, and we will put it arid*. What's more to tiie purpose is this—it was Mt understood that when we left Castle Dare he was to come with us through at least a part of the Highlands." "There was a talk ot it" "Dont you think," said Mias White, with some Uttle hestitation, and with ho* eye* eaat down, "don't you think that it would be—a Uttle inconvenient—?" " I should Bay that was for you to decide," he answered, somewhat coldly; for It was too bad that she should be oontinuaUy asking hk advice and then openly disregarding it " I should think it would be a Uttle uneotn* fortable," she said, demurely. " I fanoy he haa taken that engagement till Christmas a little more to bear tthan he chooses to reveal—that is natural—l knew it would be a disappointment— but then, you know, pappy, the temptation was very great, and I had almost promised the Lemuels to do what I could for the pieoe. And if I am to give up the stage, wouldn't it b* fin* to wind up with a blase of fireworks to astonish the pubUc ?" " Are you so certain you wUI astonish the pubUo ?" her father said. " I have the oourage to try," she answered, readUy. " And you are not going to throw oold water on my endeavors, are you, pappy ? Well, as I waa Baying, it is perhaps natural for Sir Keith Macleod to feel a bit annoyed ; and I am afraid if he went on travelling with us we should be continually skating on the edge of a quarrel. Besides, to teU you the truth, pappy —with all his kindness and gentleness, there w sometimes about him a sort of intensity that I scarcely like—it makes me afraid of him. If it were on the stage, I should say it was a splendid piece of acting—of the suppressed vehement kind, you kuow; but reaUy—during a hoUday time, when one naturaUy wishes to enjoy the 6ne weather and gather strength for one's work —weU, I do think he ought not to come with na, p»ppy." " Very well, you can hint as muoh without being rude." "I was thinking," said she, "of the Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin who were in that Newoastle com* pany, and who went to Aberdeen. Do you remember them, pappy ?" " The low comedian, you mean ?" " Tea. WeU, at all events, thsy would be glad to see us. And so—don't yon think J—we could let Macleod understand that we were going to see some friends in the north ? Then he would not think of coming with us." " The representation would scarcely be justafi* able," observed Mr. White, with a profound air, "iv ordinary circumstances. But, as you say, it would be neither for his comfort nor for yours that be Bhould go with us." " Comfort 1" she exclaimed. " Much comfort I have had ainee I came here ! Comfort I odl quiet, and being let alone. Another fortnight at this place would give me brain-fever—your life continually in danger either on the sea or by the cliffij—your feelings supposed to be always up at pasßion pitch—it is all a whirl of secret or declared emotions that don't give you a moment's rest Oh, pappy, won't it be nice to have a day or two's quiet in our own home, with Carry and Marie ? And you know Mr. Lemuel will be in town aU the summer and winter. * The right of republishing "Macleod of Daw" in Qneensland has been purchased by the proprietor* of Tte Quesmlaadtr. The material for hia work he finds within himself. He doesn't need to scamper off like the reßt of them to hunt out picturesque peasants and studies of waterfall**—trotting about the oountry with note-book in hand " " Gerty, Gerty," aaid her father, with a smile, "your notions are unformed on that Bubject What have I told you often—that the artist is only a reporter. Whether he uses the penal, or the pen, or his own face and voice to express the highest thoughts and emotions of wbioh he is conscious, he is only a reporter—a penny-a liner whose words are written in fire. And you —don't yon carry your note-book too ?" " I was not comparing myself with an artist like Mr. Lemuel, pappy. No, no. Of ooune I have my eyes open, and pick up things that may bo useful. His work ia the work of intense spiritual contemplation—it is inspiration " "No doubt," the father said," the inspiration of Botticelli" "Papa!" Mr. White chuckled to himself. He was not given to joking; an epigram was not in conso nance with bis high aententiouaness. But in* atantly he reaumed his solemn deportment " A picture is as much a part of the world as a human face: why Bhould I not take my in* epilation from a picture as weU as from a human face?" "Tou mean to say he ia only a copyist—a plagiarist!" ahe aaid, with some indignation. "Not at all," said he. "AU artists have their methods founded more or less on the methods of those have gone before them. Tou don't expect an artist to discover for himself an entirely new principle of art, any more than you expect him to paint in pigments of his own in vention. Mr. Lemuel has been a diligent Btudent of BottioeUi—that is all" This strange talk amid the awful loneliness and grandeur of Glen-Sloich t They were idly walking tbe rough rood: far above them rose the giant slopes of the mountains retreating into heavy masses of cloud that wera moved by the currents of the morning wind. It was a grey day ; and the fresh-water lake here was of a leaden hue ; and the browns and greens of the mountain-side were dark and intense. There was no sign of human Uf* or habitation ; there was no bird ainging ; the deer were far away in the unknown valleys above them, hidden by the mystic cloud-phantoms. There was au odor of sweet-gale in the air. The only sound wss tbe murmuring of the streams that were pouring down through these vast solitudes to the sea. And now they reached a spot from whence, on turning, they caught sight of the broad plain of the Atlantio—all wind-swept and white. And the sky waa dork and low down : though at one plaoe tbe clouda had parted, and there was a glimmer of blue aa narrow and keen as the edge of a knife. But then were shower* about; for lona was invisible, and Staffs was faintly grey through the passing rain ; and Ulva was almost black as the storm approached in its gloom. BottioeUi ! Those men now in that lug- sailed boat—for away off the point of Gometra—a tiny dark thing apparently lost every seoond or so amid tho white Atlantic surge—and wrestling hard with the driving wind and as* to reach the thundering and foam-filled caverns of Staffa— they were not thinking muoh of Botticelli. Keith Macleod was in that boat The evening before Miss White had expressed some light wish about some trifle or other; but had laugh* ingly said that she must wait till she got back to the region of shops. Unknown to her, Macleod had set off to intercept the steamer : and he would go on board and get hold of the steward ; and would the steward be so kind aa to hunt about in Oban to ace if that trifle oould not be found ? Macleod would not entrust so important a message to any one else: he would himself go out to meet th* Pioneer. "The sky is becoming Tery dark," Mr. White said, "w* had better go back, Gerty." But before they hsd gone far th* first heavy drops were beginning to fall, and they were glad to run for refuge to some great grey boulders which lay in the moist moorland at the foot of the mountain-slopes. In th* lee of these rooks they were in comparative safety; and they waited patiently until the gal* of wind and rain should pass over. And what were these strange objects that appeared in the grey miats far along the vaUeys? She touched her father's arm— she did not speak: it waa her first sight of a herd of red-deer, and a* the deer had doubtless been startled by a shepherd or his dog they were making across the glen at a good speed. Firat came the binds, running almost in Indian file, and then with a longer atride came one or two stags, tbeir antlered heads high in the air, as though they were listening for sounds behind them and sniffing the wind in front of them at the same time. But so far away were they that they were only blurred objects passingthrough the rain-mist* ; tbey passed across Uke swift ghosts; there was no sound heard at all. And then the rain ceased, and the air grew warm around them. They came out from the shadow of tbe rock— behold! a blaze of hot sun on the moist moors, with a sudden odor of bracken and young heather, and sweet-gale all about them. And the sandy road quickly grew dry again ; and the heavens opened; and there was a flood of sun light faUing on that rushing and breesy Atlantic. They walked back to Dare. "Tuesday, then, shall we say, pappyT ahe remarked, lust before entering. "Very well." "And we are going to •** some friends in Aberdeen." "VerywelL" After thia Miss White became a great deal more cheerful; and she wss very complaisant to themaU at luncheon. And quite by accident she asked Macleod, who had returned by thia time, whether they talked Scotch in Aberdeen. " Because, you know," Baid she, " one should alwaya be learning on one's travels ; and many a time I have heard people disputing about the pronunciation of the Scotch ; and one onght to be able to read Burns with a proper accent Now you have no Scotch at aU here ; you don't say ' my dawtie,' and ' ben the hooee,' and ' twixt the gloaming and the mirk.'" "Oh, no," said he, "w* have none of the Scotch at all, except among those who have been for a time to Glasgow or Greenock; and our own language, the Gaelic, is unknown to strangers; and our way speaking English-—that is only made a thing to laugh at And yet Ido not laugh at aU at the blunders of our people in a strange tongue. Tou may laugh at ub for our way of speaking English—the accent of it; but it is not fair to laugh at the poor people when tbey wiU be making mistakes among the verbs. Did you ever hear of the poor Highlander who was asked how he had been employing himself, and, after a long time, he said * I wass for tree years a herring-fish, and I wass for four montha or threo months a broke stone on the rood?' Perhaps tbe Highlanders are not very clever at picking up another language ; but all the same that did not prevent their going to all parte of the world and fighting tbe battles of other people. And do you know that in Canada there are descendants of tbe Highlanders who went there in the last century —and they are proud of thuir name and their history—aud they havo swords that wero uaed at Falkirk and Culloden —but these Macnaba and Mackays and Camerons, they speak only French ! But I think, if they have Highland blood in them, and if they were to bear the' Failte Phrionsa /' played on tbe pipes, they would recognise tbat language. And why were you asking about Aberdeen !" " That is not a Highland but a Scotch way of answering my question," said she, smiling. " Oh, I beg your pardon," said he, hastily, "but indeed I have never been to Aberdeen, and I do not know what it is they speak there, but I should say it was likely to be a mixture of Scotch and English such as all the big towns have. I do not think it is a Highland place, Uke Inverness." " Now I will answer your question," said she. " I asked you because papa and I propose to go there before returning to England " How quickly the Ught fell from his face ! " the fact is, we have some friends there." There was a silence. Tbey all felt that it was for Macleod to speak ; and they may have been guessing as to what was passing in his mind. But to their surprise he said, in almost a gay fashion— " Ab, well, you know they accuse us Highland folk of being rather too importunate as hosts ; but we will try not to harass you ; and if you have friends in Aberdeen it would not be fair to beg of you to leave them aside this time. But surely you Are not thinking of going to Aberdeen yet, when it is many a place you have yet to see about bere. I was to take you in the Umpire to Skye ; and we had many a talk about the Lewis too." "Thank you very much," said ahe, demurely. " I am aure you have been moat kind to us ; but —the fact is—l think we must leave on Tues* day." " On Tuesday I" said be ; but it was only for an instant that he winced. Again he roused himself —for he was talking in the presence ot his mother and the cousin Janet— " Tou have not been quito fair to us," said he, cheerfuUy, " you have not given yourself time to make our acquaintance. Are you determined to go away as you came, the Fionaghal? But then, you know, Fionaghal oame and stayed among us, be* fore she began to write her songs about the western isles ; and the next time you oome, that muat be for a longer time, and you wUI get to know us aU better, and we wul not frighten you any more by taking you on the sea at night ot- into the cathedral-ruins. Ah I" said he, with a smUe lighting up his face—but it was a con* strained gaiety alotgether. "Do I know now why you are hurrying away so soon ? Tou want to avoid tbat trip in the Umpire to the ialand where I used to think I would like my grave to be " ' "Keith 1" said Lady Macleod with a frown "How oan you repeat that nonsense! Miss White wiU think you are mad !" " It was only an old fancy, mother," said he, gently. " And we were thinking of going out to one of the Treshniab ialanda, anyway. Surely it is a harmless thing that a man should choose out the plaoe of hi* own grave so long as he does not want to be put into it too soon.'' "It will be time for you to speak of such things thirty years hence," aaid Lady Macleod. "Thirty rears is a longtime," aaid he; and then he added, lightly, " but if we do not go out to the Treahniah ialanda we muat go somewhere else before the Tuesday; and would you go round to Loch Sunart now ; or shaU we drive you to-morrow to ace Glen More and Loch Buy? and you muat not leave MuU without visiting our beautiful town—and capital—that ia Tobermory." Every one was quite surprised and pleased to find Macleod taking the sudden departure of his sweetheart in this fashion ; it showed that he had abundant confidence in the future. And, if Miss White had her thoughts about the mat ter, it wai at all events satisfactory to her that outwardly Macleod and she were parting on good terms. But that evening he happened to find her alone for a few moments; and all the forced cheerfulness had left his eyes, and there was a dark look there—of hopeless anxiety and pain. "I do not wish to force you, Gerty—to perse cute you," said he. " Tou are our guests. But before you go away cannot you give me one definite word of promise and hope—only one word?" *•—.* \--" I am quite sure you don't want to perse cute me, Keith," said sbe, "but you should remember there is a long time of waiting before us, and there wiU be plenty of opportunity for explaining and arranging everything when we have leisure to write " "To write!" he exclaimed. "But I am coming to ace you, Gerty ! Do you think I could go through another series of long months, with only those lettera, and letters, and letters to break one's heart over ? I could not do it again, Gerty. And when you haye > visited your friends in Aberdeen, I am ooming to London." " Why, Keith, there is tbe shootiog !" " I do not think I shaU try the shooting this year—it is an anxiety—l cannot bave patience with it lam coming to London, Oerty." "Oh, very well, Keith," said she, with an affectation of cheerful content, " then there is no use in our taking a solemn good-bye just now —is there ? Tou know how I bate rcenes. And we shall part very good friends, shall we not ? And when you come to London we shaU make up aU our Uttle differences, and have everything on a clear understanding. Is it a bargain? Hare comes your cousin Janet—now show her tbat we sre good friends, Keith ! And for goodness' sake don't Bay that you mean to give up your shooting this year ; or she will wonder what I have made of you. Give up , your shooting ! Why, a woman would as soou give up her right of being incomprehensible and whimsical and capricious—her right of teaming people, aa I very much fear I have been leasing you, Keitb. But it will be nil act right when yon oome to London." And from that moment to the moment of her departure Miss White Heemed to breathe more freely, and ahe took leas oare to avoid Keith Macleod in her doily walks and ways. There Waa at last quite a good understanding between them, as the people around imagined. (TO BR CONTINUED.) 