RELIGIOUS SERF ICES. .ST. PAUL'S' CHURCH. "Yestorday morning, Archdeacon Stretch preached at St. Paul's, Myer's-strcet: tho Rev. Cauon M'Cullagh conducted tho service. There was a very largo congregation. The' . preacher took for his text the following words from tho 2Sth chap. of St. Mathew;—"Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in tho name of tho father and of the son and of tho Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoverl have commanded yon, audio I am with you always, oren unto the end of the world." Tho rev. gentleman said if any words of Christ deserved attention it was these; they were a great instruction given by him to Ilia . disciples, though on a passage in Corinthians it was supposed that not alone tho disciples were present when tho words wero nttored, which then made tho passage one not so much direct to the ministry to teach anil baptise, but also embraced the great bulk of people. The disciples were expected by two means to effect the conversion of liou-beliovers, by 1, baptism; and 2nd by teaching. The instruction to'tench' and baptiso referred to children as well as adults, embracing the whole of a family; for nations wero composed of families, and families of individuals. Tho teach-, ing of tho Christian must not be' like that from a book, or that of art, whioll required something valuable to bo ahoW'U as the product of its teaching. There wero some persons who imagined thomselves superior to be taught, and looked upon sermons from tho pulpit with dis favor, and this was not without its explana tion, but with tho requirements of the day, and tho ad ranee of knowledge and spiritual intelli gence, there was a rise in the tone of sermons.; It was a work performed because it had been • appointed to the Christian ministry. It was to tho church that lie who stood in want of spiritual light and comfort came,' and . as it was the Work of the minis try to supply this want, the members of the church also had their duty to perform: Their duty was to givo the church whatever assistance they could. Tho condition of the general church fund of the colony, was thns not disconnected with his text, Out of this general fund new works undertaken by tho church had to be provided for, as also the support of missionaries, tho bringing out of clergymen from the old country, and other works. For 1877 there was a dillereuco of £700 in the sub scriptions to this fund, as against the contribu tions for 1S76, whi'e its total had fallen short of requirements for the year by £'2,903. It; was desired that an improvement should be tnado for the year 1S/8, and this would be ensured if each parish acted with zeal and energy in the matter. The difficulty was the obtaining of willing' workers to undertake tho collecting, and he hoped that the congrega tion would respond liberally to the col lection to be mado at that serTico in aid of tho general church fund, and also that as many as could make it convenient -would attend a meeting, to be held on Monday evening, in the school-room, when he would ■ wake a' statement ou the subject to which ho had already briefly alluded. The preacher con cluded by earnestly exhorting his hearers not to be neglectful of their duty, but to help forward : tho work of Christ, that they might hoar His approving voice say, "I am with you,.lo, I am with you even unto the end of tho world." 