. AN INCIDENT IN THE BUSH. A lady correspondent, writing from Jerilderie, sends us the following I paid a visit a few days since to a 'station on the Murrumbidgee where in the.daugh- ters of the house I found-two old'school- fellows. The old people going off on > trip to Melbourne, we, with the governess, were left mistresses of the situation, and many delightful rambles we had amongst the gullies and lagoons in the wild Mur rumbidgee bends— cool, placid lakes,, whidi in their awful quietness seemed veij miniatures of the Dead Sea. We were dull enough at times, -and sooth to. say tht sudden appearance of some young .cavalier would have afforded' a not unwelcome break in the monotony, but none appeared, and we were, fain to console ourselves ai best we might. At length, however, one fine morning we were surprised' 'by tin unexpected arrival of a strange gentlennu on foot. He .was a little past the prinu of life and inclined/to be podgy j but tritt a round and good-natured face,; and > generally 'jolly' appearance. 'Haviig ascertained that the1 visitor was 'a' man oi mark from Melbourjib, : we received to with due courtesy, 'and he proceeded to accormt for his haying, arrived on foot bj stating that he. was bound to a station ten miles distant; that he had. left tile coad at the village;: as the nearest point to tii destination, and,; being, unable !ijo get i horse, had been- obliged t o r walk. Wt were all a little surprised at this state ment, as the innkeeper at the villas' referred to usually keeps several span horses running , in his -paddock, but the matter .passed off without further com ment. . The , evening passed off without further comment, our visitor taking mnci pains to impress ,-, us with his knowledge oi racing-,, and J horsey' matters generally and being specially eloquent in describing the wonderful feats he; had performed when ' foUowing the hounds' in England. On the following morning a horse W brought round for the "accoxnmp9ationoi our friend, who now displayed a singula rehictance to mount, and explained that he would' much rather walk than so im pose upon the good nature of his -licatesi This,' however, of course, we would not hear of, and we proceeded to the' door t« see our Melbourne mend fairly; started ..on his journey and bid him farewell. 1 noticed that as he approached the horse he suddenly shrank back, to whisper i» my ear/ 'Is he quiet V . As a lamb,' 1 replied, whereupon the follower oi houndi walked round the animal as if taking hi1 measure. We here noticed that The gen tleman had suddenly become as -pale as 3 ghost, . and we all shnultaneoiisly ei- nlaimdd ' "Are you Aid' ' Oh, ho !' h» .replied with a sickly_ smile, and theu wiit h , desperate effort he ' strode up to the off ;side of the horse, put his left foot in the stirrup, arid began to scramble up. Witt a good deal of ' struggling he managed 1 fling himself ' right across the animal s back, where lie lay -panting for a feff seconds, then suddenly tin-owing his rigM leg over the horse's head, he managed to seat himself bolt upright in the saddle) but alas.! his face was towards the tail- In spite of the distress of the unfortunate M.L.A., we could'nt refrain from laugh" ing, and surely never before did such 3 merry peal awaken the sluggard echoes o® the hanks of the Murrumbidgee. 'Fr God's sake,' gasped the' unhappy horse- > man, 'Let me down. There is no use telling any more d d lies about it. J - was never on a horse before in all mJ life !' This information, I need harw . say, was now 'quite unnecessary to any' us. After having sufficiently enjoyed oil friend! s extraordinary performance, for pity assisted him to dismount. — AW»s : Banner. . !;L' 