CHILDREN'S CORNER Little Johnny's Menagerie. THE PENGUINS. PENGUINS aint got no wings for to speak of, nor no legs at all, jest their two feets, like geeses feets, were their tails ot to be ; and wen they sets up they looks like a shampane bottle, but no wires on tho cork. Penguins is to home on rocky ilens in lonely seas, and there thay sot in rows a long the shore, a lukin out over the woter for a aail, and drentuin their hole lifes away. One tinio there waa a bhip had come to anker closo to one of them ilens, and tho sailers was a watchin the penguins, wich thay had nevor see be fore. Bime by the bosen he wocked up to the captain and tutched his hat and said : "If you please, sir, me and some of my mates we thot if you was willin we woud like to go ashore aud have a grae of ten pins." THE KANGAROO. A mail had a pet kangaroo wich was sick, and a other man said : " His tail is too heavy for to carry, mid this seddentary life is jest killin him. You cut off his tail, and then tuch him with a hot fire poker and make him take xercise." So the man done it, but wen the kangaroo jumpt hi as a house bo wirled over an over, and wen he came down he kroke his neck, but Sammy Doppy he can turn a ban spring evry time and not hurt hissef, but the marbles comes out of his pockets like hail stones. One day two San Francisco fellers was ridin horse backs in Oatralia, and a kangaroo bust out of the bush and jumpt clear over em into the bush on the other side the road. One of em pulled up his horse, friten like evry thing, and said : " Did you over see sech a monstoua big bird in al yure life ? Bless my sole, I thot it waa goin to carry us off to his nest!" But the other feller, wich had ben in the country a wesk longer than him, laughft and said : " Bird, yure gran mother ! Its ony jest a porformin kangaroo wich has scaped from a show. You ot to jest see one of our oirouaaes !" THE OSTRICH. Ostriches eats evry thing up, and one wich was a show dide, and the things wich was found in its belly was Bold to oction, and the sho man bot a ephalent with tho money. But it wasent them things kild it, cos it dided of disey pinted love for a horse shoo wich was nailed fast to a gate post. Thore was ti man wich calld hissef the Orate American Ostrich, and he went to fairs and wude swoller all the ten cent pieces wich was given him, but one time a feller offered him a handfle of copper cents, but he said : "Go a way. do you think Ime sech a dainty little hummin bird as to make ten bites of a dime ?" A Arab chief, waa lyin a sleep one day, wen he was woke up by feeling some thing in the pocket of his pants, and he ace it was an ostritcb, and lay reel stil to see wot it would do. First it took out his marbles, and kid em to one aide. Then it took out his kite*atring, which waa wound onto a stick, and put that with the marble*. Then his top was took out, too, and lade a way with the other things. Then some spools, and a piece of chock, an 2 slats pensils, and a bras butten, and some putty, and a tack hammer without no handel, and a handful of nails, and a outer ahel, and a play ball, and a steel pen ; and the last thing it found was a jack nife with thirty 2 blades, wich was a present from the Sultan. Wen the ostrich had got evry thing out of the chiefi pockits, and laid a way, it went and stood ovor the pile and et one thing after a other til thay was et up xcopt the jack nife, wich had thirty 2 blades. And then it see the chief a watchin it, reddy to kil it soon as it had got done dinner. So the ostrich took the jack nife and turned it over and over, and tasted it, and apit it out, and picked it up agin, and at hut brote it to the chief and lade it down and stood a little way of, a lookin wishfle. Then tho chief he said : "0,1 see how it is : you dont want to eat sech a nice mossel without you git the Raver to it." So the chief he took the jack nife and opened all the blades and laid it down agin, and ostrich come up and swollered it down, and licked its bil and smiled, like it said ; " Wot a deliahua kanife I"— Argonaut. A Sunday-Schoolboy, on being asked what made the tower of Pisa lean, replied, " Because of the famine in the land." One evening our old friend, the Rev. Dr.—, took tea with us. Out of politeness, I asked him to give thanks, forgetting, for the moment, the presence of my granddaughter and the fact that the Doctor was long-winded. The child startled us all, right in the middle of the grace, by exclaiming, in a loud voice : " Oh ! Amen 1 Hand me the biscuit"— lndependent. As two urchins were trotting along together one of them fell and broke a pitcher which he was carrying. He then commenced crying, when the other boy asked him why he took on so. '"Cause," said he, "when I get home mother will whip me for breaking the mug." " What," said the other, " hain't you got no grandmother liviug at your house ?" " No," was the reply. " Well, I have, and I might break two mugs, and they daren't whip me." In a provincial theatre, where Macbeth was being recently played by a clever man, who was ;vL)o a very great favorite with the audience, in the banquet scene he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquo, " Hence ! hence ! hence !" when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his rube, and shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, coined away with the intensity of the acting cried oat, "It's all right now, Smith; 