ROME. POPE LEO XIII. (Special Dispatch, to the New York Freeman's Journal.) ROME, 18th February, 1878. This evening sixty Cardinals enter the Conclave. There is perfect harmony in the Sacred College. The will of Pope Pius IX. has been opened. "Be desired to be buried at San Lorenzo dei Cappuchini, without the walls of Rome. His tomb, provided by himself, is exceedingly modest—a marble slab, sculptured with tiara, skull and cross-bones. The entire cost was about four hundred dollars. Funeral obsequies were private, in the Sistine Chapel, on the 15th, 16th, and 17th. The entire number of the Sacred College at present is sixty-four. Were all present in the Conclave, it would require fourty-three votes to elect a Pope. Several of the Cardinals, however, on account of infirmity, are not likely to attend. General Press Dispatches. ROME, 18th February, 1871. On the night before the beginning of their sacred labours the Cardinals assembled in the Pauline Chapel to listen to a brief address spoken by Cardinal Amet di San Fillippo, and to take the oath of secrecy. Then they entered their cells, situated in the third story of the Vatican. The last evening before immurinent was passed in receiving guests, ambassadors, and friends. Each little cell was crowded with visitors. Around the hall were built sixty-four tiny lodges of planks, carpeted and hung with serge. Each lodge contained four rooms about six feet square, arranged in two stories. In the lower story were the Cardinal's bedroom, and a chamber for his servants; above his conclavists were lodged. Three strokes upon the great bell at nine indicated that the time for immurement had arrived. Farewells were said hastily. Then the great gates were shut, chained and bolted, and the Conclave was immured. Don Mario Ohigi Albini, Marshal of the Conclave, then attended to the subsequent preparations. Under his care the windows and arches were bricked up. Only the door at the top of the Scala Regia was not closed up. Four loctts, two on a side, guarded this portal. The doors being secured, the footmen of the Conclave were summoned to kneel before thecrucifixandtake the oath of secrecy. Then, after assuring himself that the cells of the Cardinals were everywhere separated by the statutory distance of a foot; and instructing his guards and patrols to be viligant against any attempt at communication during the darkness, the Marshal with' drew to his past. Then the great religious duty imposed on each Cardinal began in all earnestness. The First Day in Conclave. ROME, 19th February, 1878. The smoke of burning ballot papers was visible at a quarter to two o'clock this afternoon, showing that the Conclave had voted, but nobody had obtained the necessary majority. Cardinal Cardoso, the patriarch of Lisbon, arrived at the Vatican yesterday, and entered the Conclave last night. The Second Day—Election of the Pope. ROME, 20th February, 1878. The Conclave concluded its labours at about noon to-day by the selection of Cardinal Gioachino Pecci as Pope, after the third ballot. The new Pope has chosen the title of Leo XIII. The Conclave lasted .forty hours, being twelve hours shorter than that which elected Pins: IX., his predecessor. .From the moment the Conclave had ine into session the outajde world was lay watching for the signs or progress ade.; TT"" is achieved by watching a articular chimney. Through this comes hp/smolce of the'burning ballots,"which eclares,th&t;'a Pope has not b^en,elected, suwhen a Pope is -chosen by 'vote the allots are burned in another plac^ The moke. • was' ..observed .yesterday about bon,^ and .onei ^unsuccessful AaJlotwas redit^ tO ;the:Ckmi(^ve. ,i A^ain, in the iths smoke was geeu&ta; quarter to seven, which was concluded to mean that the vote was again inconclusive, as Only two ballots are taken each day. From eleven o'clock to-day the watch upon the Conclave chimney was very sharp. At half-past twelve a little wreath of smoke came in a blue spiral from the chimney, and everybody said "The third ballot 1 , no choice!" Then believing the ballot' was again without result the crowd began to disperse, when, at 1.15 p.m., Cardinal Caterini appeared in the Grand Gallery of the Vatican Basilica, and announced, in the customary formula, Cardinal Pecci's succession to the Papacy, under the title of Leo XIII. The bystanders cheered most enthusiastically, and a large crowd soon assembled, densely thronging the open space before the Vatican and the approaches thereto. At 4.30 the newly-elected Pope, surrounded by all the Cardinals, appeared in the inner gallery of the Bascilica. The crowd vociferously shouted, " Long live the Pope." The Holy Father then pronounced the benediction. After this the cheering was renewed, and continued until the Pope withdrew. The crowd before the Vatican waiting for the benediction of the the Pope is estimated to have numbered 20,000. As soon as the result of the election became known the bells in all the churches of Rome were rung, and the diplomats went to the Vatican to congratulate the new Pope, Count Segur immediately informed the Pope that he purposed to present him with 1,000,000 francs as the first donation of Peter's pence from the French Episcopate. The Times' Paris dispatch says the election of Cardinal Pecci as Pope has made a favourable impression here. The Ceremonies in Detail. ROME, 20th February, 1878. The second day of the Conclave was as the first, save in its results. The three bells were rung at 8, 8.30 and at 9, and with the last came the cry of the Master of the Ceremonies, "In Cappellum, domini"—"To the chapel, my lords." After hearing a Mass celebrated in the Pauline Chapel by Cardinal Amat di San Fillippo and partaking of the Holy Communion, the Cardinals breakfasted separately in their cells; then reassembled in the Sistine Chapel to ballot. The Master of the Ceremonies, Mgr. Ricci Paracciani, read the order of complete isolation; the " Veni Creator" and the prayers were chanted; then all the servants of the Conclave and of the Cardinals were turned out of the chapel and the doors were fastened with a padlock. Then followed the secret preparation of the ballots and the close scrutiny. It was known to the Cardinals when they met m the morning that to-day would see the breaking down of the wafi and the proclamation of Cardinal Pecci as Pope. In accordance with the usual custom, so soon as it had been ascertained after the first ballet on Tuesday that the Cardinal really commanded a canonical majority, the fact was communicated to the Cardinals opposed to him, so that, acquiescing in his election, members of the Sacred College might join in waiting on the future Pope the evening before his actual elevation. The one condition which by canon law can void the ejection of a Pope who has actually obtained the Bufferages of the Sacred College is his being forced by the electors to accept the dignity. His free acceptance of it is absolutely necessary to render his election legitimate; of course, it had been previously ascertained that the Cardinal Camerlengo was ready to accept the position. So soon as the scrutators had declared that he had received a canonical majority of two-thirds of the full ballot, Cardinal Pecci, the Pope-elect, rose in his seat and repeated aloud the number and motto upon his ballot. It was found upon the thread on which the ballots were strung, and the tiomen flap was opened by the scrutators that they might satisfy themselves that he had not voted for himself. Proclamation was then made that all the formalities had been complied with, and the Cardinals cried, "The will of the Holy Ghost be done!" The Conclave was declared to be at an end, the doors were thrown open and the: wo great ceremonial officero, Macchi and Ricci-Paracciani, summoned by the bell, with the Secretary and Sacristan of the Holy College entered the chapel, where the Cardinals were'seated. The Secretary: of Briefs, Cardinal Asquint, with Cardinal Amat di San Filippo. Cardinal yon Schwartzenberg and Cardinal Caterini, : seniors of the three orders of the Carding late, proceeded towards Cardinal Pecci and demanded, " Do you • iUfioojpfjt' ' tBS^r election thus <^omc»lly made »f '^ Sovereign Ppntiff " ' f f" "I do," replied ttw-IP 31 *^^5 nstantly all the canopies < save tint abovfe his seat In tether tircamstancer been Cardinal Pecci's do Ocu&ettengo; to torn' criSP tion charged with putting the question to the Pope. " By what name do you desire to be called P" asked Cardinal Amat di San Filippo. "Leo XIII.," replied the Pope-elect. The senior Master of Ceremonies, Martinucci, as notary of the Holy See, then proclaimed the Pope and drew up the official act certifying to the election and proclamation, which was signed by his colleague, by the Sacristan and by the Secretary. Meanwhile the newlyelected Pope had entered the chapel and there put on the Pontificial robes, clothed in which he seated himself in the chair on the Gospel side of the altar, while the Card inal s approached in their due order and kissed the cross on his slipper and his hand, he embracing them on both oheeks, the Cardinal Dean, Mgr. Amat di San Filippo, who had first performed the act of adoration, meanwhile chanting the " Te Deum." A new " Fisherman's Ring" was then brought forward, that belonging to Pius IX. having been solemnly broken at his death. This ring, so called from bearing on the stone the engraved figure of St. Peter drawing in his net, was at first used about 1265 as the Pope's private signet for his own correspondence, but since the middle of the fifteenth century has been reserved to the Pontificial utterances called briefs. A bull is the most authoritative expression of the Pontificial decision. It is waitten in Latin, in mediaeval characters, upon dark, rough parchment, the style being " Leo XIII., Episcopus, Servus Servorum Dei," with date from the Incarnation and the signatures of the functionaries of the Apostolic Chancery. It takes its name from the bulla or leaden seal tied to it by a cord of hemp or silk according to its importance. These documents, written in modern letters upon soft, white parchment, bearing the Pope's name at the beginning, "Leo, Papa XIII.," are signed by the Cardinal Secretary of Briefs, and bear date from the Nativity. This ring having been bestowed on him, Gioacchino Pecci became, indeed, Leo XIII. As soon as the Pope had taken it the Deacons, Cardinals Caterini, Mertel, Consolini, Borromeo, Randi, Pacca, Nina, de Falloux du Coudray, Starretti, and Pellegrini, crying " Papam Habemus" ("We have a Pope"), hurried to the breach in the wall of the balcony window, pressing through which Cardinal Caterini raised the great gold cro ss as he spoke, and thus addressed the throng outside " I announce to you, with the greatest joy, that we have for Pope the most eminent and reverend seigneur, Gioacchino Pecci, who takes the name of Leo XIII." The new Pope then made his appearance as has alftady been described. Immediately after the proclamation to the people the Pauline Chapel was thrown open, the provisional walls surrounding the hall of the Conclave 1 were torn down amid rejoicings, and the Marshal, the Conclavists, the Majordomo and other officials of the Conclave and the Papal household hastened to pay their homage, followed by the clergy and nobility. His Holiness then paid a ceremonious visit to Cardinal Amat di Sau Filippo and notified the Ambassadors of his election, and the work was done— the successor of Pius IX. had ascended the throne of Peter. On to-day—Sunday—Pope Leo XIII. will be enthroned in St. Peter's and crowned with the tiara. On his throne in the Atrium of Constantine, opposite the walled-up Holy Gate, which is Opened only in the years of jubilee, he will receive the homage of the Archpriest first and then of the clergy of the Basilica, and then be carried in procession up the church to the Chapel of St. Gregary, which Berves as a robing-room. As he issues from it, a master of ceremonies will suddenly step before him, and falling on his knee, hold up to him a silver rod tipped with a bundle of tow, on which instantly a clerk will apply a lighted taper, the master of ceremonies chanting AS the tow blazes for a second, " Sancte Pater, sic transit gloria mundi." " Holy Father, thus passes the glory of the world." This curious and most striking piece of symbolism is repeated twice. At the High Altar hisHoliness will be clothed with the pallium, and after the Mass, during which he will receive the homage of the clergy of ill ranks, he will be borne to the great balcony overlooking the piazza of St. Peter, There, in presence of the assembled people, the mitre having been removed, Cardinal Mertel Will place on the Pope's head the triple crown with the words: " Accipe tiaram, trlbM jcoronis ornatam, et scion te esse patj^fii jmneipwn et regum, rectorem orbit, ifi terra vicariumSalvatoris nostri Jesu Vhristi, mi est horns et gloria, in tcecula sberitforum." Withthe invariable benediction op" the city and the world^ ^h?- cprbnat^^ tieremony Will be concludt TheGonclave whicheleoted Leo Xi „. >il fact that though its members were under no such sharp spur as were the Cardinals who participated in the Conclave whence Cardinal Mastai Ferretti issued as Pope Pius IX., which began on the 14th June, 1846, and ended on the 16th, having lasted fifty hours, the Cardinals entered the Conclave of 1878 at 6 p.m. on Monday, 18th February, and Pope Leo XIII. was proclaimed on Wednesday, the 20 th, at 1.15 p.m., forty-three hours afterwards. All the members of the Sacred College took part in this great Conclave excepting Cardinals Bizzarri, Brossais, Saint M«rc and McCloskey. Of the two foreign members unable to attend, the Archbishop of Rennes was prevented by illness, the Archbishop of New York by his inability to reach the Eternal City in time. THE WILT, OP PIUS IX. In one of the drawers of his escritoir were found eleven sheets of paper, on which were written by his own hand the last will and testament of Pius IX. On the first of these was a most tender invocation of the Holy Trinity, the Blessed Virgin and his patron Saints, imploring their guardianship in his last hours. The following is the disposition of his final place of sepulture :—" My tbody when dead shall be buried in the church of San Lorenzo fuori le Mura, and precisely under the little arch which is over against the graticola or Btone on which are still to be seen the stains produced by the martyrdom of the illustrious Levite. The expense of this monument must not exceed four hundred scudi," (2000 lire, or £80 English.) "On the outside of the monument is to be engraved the tiara and keys ; and also an epitaph in the following terms :—Ossa et cmeres Pii P. IX., sum. Pont, vixit an. . . . in Pdhtificatu an. . . . Orate pro eo. The armorial ensign is to be a skull." The property acquired and augmented at Sinigaglia for pious purposes, at the cost of Pius IX., are favoured with his especial care, and he-prays God to preserve and protect them for the holy use to which they are destined. Pius IX, leaves his library to the Romano-Pio Seminary, and he bequeaths a smaller library, consisting chiefiy of ascetic books, to the Passfonist convent, built by the Pontiff himself, near the Scala Santa. He leaves legacies to the faithful ser vants who have been long in his service, and leaves tokens of regard to some of the prelates and officials of the household. The two Lipsanoteche of the the Vicariate and of Monsignor the Sacristan are to have the sacred relics which appertain to them. Nor did the Holy Father forget the various basilicas and churches with which he had been connected either as priest, bishop, £or Pontiff. He gave especial memorials to the Vatican and Lateran Basilicas, to the Collegiate Church of Sta. Maria in Via Lata, the Cathedrals of Sinigaglia, Imola, and Gaeta, and laBtly to the Cathedral of St. James in Chili. Special legacies are left to Cardinals Simeoni, Mertel, and Monaco la Valletta. His private property is left to his grand-nephews and nieces. On the ninth, tenth, atd eleventh folios are the following bequests : The Vatican, 2nd October, 1877 — To his Royal Highness the Count de Chambord, the Madonna del destino in mosaics. To her Royal Highness the Duchess (widow) of Modena, a Madonna in mosaics. To Queen Isabella of Spain, the Crucifix of Lucca. In token of fatherly benevolence I leave to his Majesty the King of Naples a silver group representing the Holy family. To his Imperial and Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Tuscany, copy of Raphael, with silver frame. To his Royal Highness the Duke of Parma, a large miniature, sinite parvulos. To his Royal Highness Don Alfonso of Bourbon, formerly a Pontifical Zouave, a motherof-pearl representation of the Resurrection. October 13th, 1877—To her Highness the Princess of Thurn and Taxis the silver cross adorned with diamonds, with two angels having in their hands two symbols of the Passion, and with the relics of the Holy Cross. In accordance with one of the provisions of ths will, the sum of 100,000 lire was distributed to the poor of Rome and to charitable institutions. The money for the poor was distributed by means of the parish priests, by order of the Cardinal-Vicar.' Tablet. DEATH OF FATHER SECCHI, S.J. Father Angelo Secchi, S.J., the famous astronomer, who had been ill for some time, died in Rome on Tuesday, 26th February. Father Secchi was born at Reggio-JEmilia, in 1818. While very young he entered the Jesuit' Order and went to America, where he studied in a college at Washington. On his return, lie was made Professor in the Collegio 'Romano. In 1848 he left Borne, visited France, England, and America, -only returning afterthe Pope'srestoration. jAftpr the occupation of theJSternal City ibyjthe Italian troops, .the other :Jesuit IFetheES in the establlshmentlwere driven tout,<• but Father Secohi,dn aocouotofiiis minent ability and great learning in science, was permitted^ to remain at his ost. He made many important astronomical discoveries and was the author of a number of scientific works. Father Secchi was a hard worker in the newest field of astronomicalresearch—the analysis, by means of the spectrum, of the light of the stars. Almost at the very hour when he was attacked by his last illness, a new book respecting the stars appeared from his pen; it was intended for popular reading, but embodied many of his most recent discoveries. His name will always rank high among the pioneers in spectrum research, and he was especial^ successful in classifying stars by their light, so as to determine which are probably young, and which are beginning to be burned out. At the funeral of Father Secchi there was an immense assemblage in the -Church of St. Ignatius, and his Holiness Pope Leo XIII., to testify his esteem and appreciation of the distinguished Father's merits and virtues, sent his brother, the Rev. Joseph Pecci, one of the Professors in the Roman University, to represent him at the function. 