A vuitY general desire is beginning to prevail among tho independent members of both Houses of Parliamout to return the custody of tho trust reposed in thoin by their constituencies to their own keening. Wo regret to find such a spirit existing among any portion of the pooplc of Tas mania, but much more so among those who nro most competent to do the work of the public in an honest and efiiciuut manner. But the truth is, it reflects no credit upon any ono to be a member of cithor House of Parliament ; for, al though tho House of Assembly can boast tif freedom from elements which nro not recognised as legitimate in any assemblage of legislators to he found buyoud tho- limits of Tasmania, yet it is felt that through tho cowardice, treachery aud subserviency of Ministers — of those who ought, from their oilicial position, be the guardians of the honor and reputation of all its mem bers— Unit the Assembly is now, aud 1ms been for some sessions, acting as tlnmi ore slaves of a power exercised by ono who lias forfeited his own golf-respect as well as that of tho society he is encouraged to brow beat into nn inglorious submission to the degradation of his dominancy. To be a mombcr of the Legislature of Tas mania under such circumstances, so far from adding to tho personal weight aud dignity of those who accept the position, is to forfeit one's solf-rcspect, and to sink to tho lowcsticvol of social aud political sta tion. And what yet wore discourages oven brave and strone-willcd men to persevere in a service so unattractive as that of the people of Tasmania in Parliament is the apathy and indifference to all that most concorns tlioir iutcrcsts and rights us citizens of a free State oxhibited by tho people themselves. Thero is no public opinion to all appourunco in tho country — no readiness exhibited by those jwlio aro most affected by tho corruption and misgovernment of their rulers to rcsont the worst ollcucos or the most glaring indiffcrouco to safety of tho trust reposed in tlioso who have uudestuken the duties of legislators. Tho representative —tho man of honest intentions, genuine worth, and unyielding pcrsoveranco— is left unsupported by any of those encouragements which aro necessary to sustain him iu tho unequal struggle to give practical effect to itis labors, and a recompense for his sacrifices. Under such circumstances, how can the public expect efficient ser vices from their representatives in tho Legislature 1 No man can act tho part of a lioro all his lifotlme, let the hopos of snitablo rewards in the eternity of his fame be over so well justifiod. But whore is the man who could continue, as Dr. Growther in the Legislative Council lias done, to batfclo with suoh a phalanx as he has had to contend with, while neither rocoiving any public sympathy, .effective' support from the people, nor oven ordinary protection from the ; brutality of his assailants, from those who aro appointed to protect from outrogo and insult-thc I members uf the .body.; of which ho is a member 1 The- people liavo/ only thom- selvos to blame if their business fails to bo properly executed by their represen tatives, and the trust reposed in thorn betrayed through their neglect. Tho ropresontativo and tho constituency aro mutually dependent on each other for support, ami if oithcr fails in tho obli gations incumbent to bo discharged both must bo sufferers by the laches. We know of no othor puoplo who claim to bo self-governing, who of lato years have exhibited so littlo public spirit as thoso of Tasmania. Their passiveness under provocation, insult, aud injuries of all descriptions is unexampled, except among pouplo just emerging from a stato of slavery, and who have never boon familiar with, orcxporiuncud the olessings of freedom. ' No one can 'possibly serve efficiently such a people in Parliament as their represoutativo, becauso no repro- sentativo "can aet'with good effect, unless supported by the nclivo sympathies of his> constituents or of those i'nf tho public. Ho will always iinri himself opposed by tho dishonest, the knavish, tho corrupt, and unprincipled instruments of powor,' who invariably calculate more' certainly on tho apnthy, want of vigilance, and in difference of the great masses . of tho people to subjects of tho greatest interest to themselves, than upon their ability to cheat, plundor, and deceive their dupos. It! is to this want of spirit among the .people— tho feohienuss of public opinion— tho criminal neglect of their duties as citizens, that tho country owes tho waste of timo and opportunities we liavo hud for stimulating the progress of the colony during tho Inst few. yours. > There can' be no honest, hard-working Parliament— no good logiskUtnn or Government — no impartial administration of the business of the State, unless the people, by their avert ueU, and tho unmistakable expres sion of tiieir opinions, exercise their due inllueneo, and bring to bear tlio pressuro of their wills upon those who mako their laws and administer their Government. A strong active public opinion it is that makes good representatives niul honest Ministers. Power is always disposed to grow corrupt, as well as tyrannical, no matter to whoso hands it is confided — aud no matter under what form of Govern ment it is acquired. The only means known to tho constitution to keop powor within its proper bounds, and to prevent its undue and improper exercise, aro those which operate through public opiuiou, and aro brought to bear in proper timo aud with due effect upon those who are ontrusted with the duties of representa tives and tho responsibilities of tho Executive Government. To be a legisla tor or ropresontativo without such sup port, is neither a useful nor a creditable position for any ono to occupy — for it is ono of perpotual humiliation, if not dis honor, to the member, us well as to the constituency. This, n good many of our representatives have long felt, and wo should not be surprised if wo should find many of our most useful aud iudepeudout men abandoning thoso who have showu by tlioir apathy and pasaivcuuss under insult and misgovernment that they are ruled just as thoy wish, and, of course, ns thoy deserve to be. Lunisivrrvi: Council.— -In tho Legislative Council tho Local Public Works Act Repeal Bill, the Volunteer Bill, and Military Dis cipline Bill, passed a third reading. The Colonial Auditor's Salary Bill passed a second reading. Tho Defences, considera tion of resolution of House of Assembly, was postponed to Thursday. Tho Probate and LcUum of Administration Effect Bill was postponed to Tuesday next. The amended Preamble brought up from Uic House of Assembly to the Preamble prepared in the Council was agreed to, after short addresses from Messrs. Chapman and limes, botli of whom stated that it was tho legal adviser of the Government who prepared tlio docu ment for the first advance to tho railway company, and Mr. Gihlin those for advances made by the Reibuy Administration. Con- sidcrable discussion ensued upon tho Post Ollico Bill.- Messrs. Chapman, Crowthcr, and limes spoke against tho taxation upon newspaper#, if sent to friends in or out of the colony, after they were scvcu days printed. The clause permitting members of Parliament to frank during the scssiou was amended to allow of their having powor to frank all the year round. The resolution of the House of Assembly granting 109 acres of laud to Air. Woottou aud family by the House of Assembly was not agreed to by the Council. The notice standing in the name of Dr. C'rowther was postpoucd till to-day ; and at 9.5 the House adjourned till -1 o'clock to-day. lluiw; ok Asrhmiiia. — There was not a very full attendance of members yesterday, although two very important measures were under discussion. At 4 p.m. the Jlouso went into committee on the Bonds and Bridges Maintenance Bill, but they had only got as far as the -1th clause when the clock struck (5, and tho udjnurmncut for refresh ments took place. At 7 o'clock tho Minister of Tamils moved tho second reading of the Crown Lands Amendment Bill. The prin ciple of tlio mcqauro was severely handled by Opposition members, and shortly before half-past 10, when the House adjourned, Mr. Keibcy succeeded in having the discus- sion postponed for the purpose of enabling lion, members to further consider the bill. Tho Attorney-General gave ijoticc for leave to bring in some important measures, includ ing bills to amend tho law relating to the qualification for Judges of the -Supreme Court ; to provido for tlio appointment of a Minister of Justice and Education ; ami to amend tho law respecting tlio office of Attorney-General. Tub Financial Statbmbnt. — The hon. Premier will make his financial proposals for 1S79 at seven o'clock this evening, on a motion that tho .House go into Committee of Supply, There will no doubt be a large at tendance iu tho galleries, and on the Hour of the House, seeing that porhaps more interest centres upon what shall fall from the lion, gentleman's lips than on any speech that has been delivered within tho walls of Parlia ment for many years. Ho stands pledged to his late constituents of Central Hobart, Par- liament, and the country, to repeal tho duty upon important stock, and is expected to make other reductions in tho Customs tariff which we so much uccd to place tlio con suming class of Tasmania on a footing with that of any of tho other colonies in the Aus tralasian group. Then 'the payment of the Alain Lino interest, hotli for tho pASb and future, hns to bo provided for, and the owners of property know ' that at last that just, but. to their mind, decided tax upon capital and real .estate must bo proposed. Even the most snnguiue amongst the repre sentatives of the class cannot see how it is to be avoided, therefore, their only hope is in an all sympathetic Treasurer. The pro ceedings in the Houso of Assembly this evening, will therefore be fraught with much interest to the country. SrucrAi. Tkmi'iiuanck Alms ion. — Accord ing to our advertising columns, the closing public mooting of tho Special Temperance Alission will take place to-morrow evening, iu the Alliance Rooms, Alncquaric- strcct. The Alission lias been carried on about two months, during which time meetings have taken place ip the several rooms iu the city and its suburbs. A report of the Mission will ho presented at tile public meeting. Addresses, singing, and recitations will form the programme ; and there is every reason to bcliove that a very pleasant and interest ing meeting is in store for those who can make it convcnicnt'to attend. Srroraxt Slf.eoii. — Thislearncd barrister, who hns lately commenced practice in- Mel bourne, is at present on a visit to Jlohart Town. Yesterday lie attended the sittings of tho Criminal Court, and on tho invitation of Air. Justice Dobson, took a scat on t1;e bench licsidc that gentleman, lfc remained at tho court for koiiiu time whilst the.triaLof Richard Copping, for the ' Bream Creek murder, was proceeding. Con. Gkgy and ins Critics.— Every ono who has inot Col. Grey, the representative of the Main Line Railway Company, will be prepared to admit, that ho was a true type of a thoroughbred refined English gentleman. When we Hay "every ono" wo of courso omit that peculiar section of this little com munity wno have boon long liecustomod to revile everything and every -person whose conduct, regulation, and hearing, areas much above tlmir power to imitate as it is to appre ciate or comprehend. No sooner had C'ol. Grey hid farewell to Tasmania's soil and people than tho slander mongers were sot to work, and, as might lie expected, tlio Go vernment mouthpiece was tho first to set the cowardly example of endeavoring to drag down a chivalrous and brave British oiliccr to tho'sainclow moral level occupied 'by itself and its crafty employers, who en trapped Colonel Grey into negotiations in llobnrt Town, which, ab initio, were nover intended to terminate in any oilier way but -failure. The Main Line Railway difficulty .can ho no longer kept clear, as the Opposi tion wished, from the domain of party and politics. The conduct and language of the Premier have made its exclusion from that unpleasant and unsatisfactory arena impos sible. He has challenged nil who were sincorely. disposed to see tlio difficulty sur mounted, and the colony saved from inter minable litigation and trouble, to use every means to cither compel Aliuistcrs to accept the proposition submitted kyjthc member for Fingal, or to resign their offices. Their re jecting of that proposition'has oxposod their objects, for had they wished to put nn end to'ii 'tnost damaging controversy, thoy' would not have stood upon mere trifles and techni calities as they have done. We cnuuot see how tlio Opposition can refrain from taking decisive action against Aliuistcrs, now that they have thrown away their masks and ox- posed their tactics. T'iiimv ElkuiiaNTH.— By' tha last English mail, we are informed that a very interest ing discovery has been made in Alalia, tho peculiarity of which is exciting tlio attention of all lovers of natural history. Jt consists of tlio remains of a munlier of " pigmy elephants," evidently of mature ago, as their tusks and tcuth prove, but of wonderfully diminutive proportions, when contrasted with those of tho enormous animals of tho same genus wo are accustomed to wonder at. A French savant of great celebrity, who has made a very minute and scientific examina tion of the remains, hns expressed an opinion, founded on some peculiar construction of the throat hones, that these pigmy elephants must have been frightful nuisances to all other animals of the woods and forests, aud that, except by accident, they invariably died of a discaso known to ancients as " frcuiclnuulus " — that is, making horrible noises, roaring, etc., etc., and hence it was all other' animals, it is said, must have shunned their society. It appears somewhat strange that this terrible disease docs not appear to have been as yet extinct, and that, although the pigmy elephants no longer exist, we have human beings alllieted with tho horrible malady before which the pigmy clux>hnnts, as. a race, gave up the ghost. Every dny a certain distinguished body meets iu this city, for the despatch of business, we iiavc an outbreak of the " fremcbumlian " plague. It would bo well to invite the services of the French scientist to stay its ravages, and should he fail — why, let' our pigmy elephants, as soon as possible, expend tlioir last breath in " fremcbundiau " agonies. A Tasmanian in Ctiina. — By tho Torres Straits Mail I received a letter, dated loth July, from '.an old Tasmaninn resident at present trailing iu the China seas. A few extracts may ho uf interest. Ho states that Japan is. a very healthy country, .Shanghai' also ; but not 'all China. In the portion where 1 am running (that, is up the Yang- ty-ze .River, which; is similar to the Missis sippi, to Hankow and many ports) fevers are of frequent occurrence. In leaving Hankow this time I felt slightly ill, aud on arrival at iviau-kiung the doctor came to see me, and reported fever ; but in six hours 1 was con sidered out of it, and next day wont on watch as usual. Tlio fever is considered as nothing : plenty of genuine lumps of ice up- plied to the head, rest aud quietness, and you arc soon all right. Shanghai to Hankow is a distunce of fi04-miks; I have traded in every port of China, savo two — I mean open ports— also every port in Japan.-' Tho last named country is played out to foreigners to a certain extent, and China is fast approach ing the same .point.— Lauiiceston. Corres pondent. ' '' ' . . Supreme Court. — The Criminal Sittings of this Court wore commenced yesterday. In the First Court, Air. Justice Dobson presided, and the triM'Tif Richard Copping, charged with having, murdered Susannah Stacey, at Bream Creek,' on the 12th Afay last, was pro ceeded with. I, The Attorney- General pro secuted on behalf of the Crown, and Mr. A. I. Clark defended the prisoner. Both coun sel exercised the right of challongc pretty freely. Xfc was hot denied by tho latter gen tleman that the murder iiad been committed, but he based the defence on tho question of tho sanity of the. accused. He contended strongly that Copping was not sane. The jury, however, found otherwise, and brought in a verdict of guilty. ! lis Honor, in passing sentences of death, dwelt upon the enormity of the crime, and held out no hope of mercy. In the Second Court His Honor the Chief Justice presided, and disposed of a munlier of cases. Ellen Cook and Alary Jane Carpenter, charged with larceny, were acquitted. Aunio Dale, who was accused of uttering a cheque, was found not guilty, but as there was another charge nemling, she was remamicd, bail being nllowou. Aliehacl I'nrccll was found guilty of having committed perjury during the hearing of a charge at the police comi, qqt recommended to mercy on account of his yoqtlj. lie "was remanded for sentence. William Adams received a sentence of two years' imprisonment with hard labor for having committed nn in- dcccut assault, Tames Dcnchoy pleaded guilty toa charge of housebreaking, and was remanded for .sentence. The following is a list of cases that remain for trial : — George Gilbert, unnatural nffcuco ; William Earn- field, Joseph Afoson, ami Thomas Connor, housebreaking, Hobart Town ; John Shaw, causing greivous bodily harm ; Andrew Crawford, perjury ; William Brown, Charles Brown, and Edward Brown, killing a shcop ; Joseph Graham, unlawfully wounding, Hobart Town j Alary Stanley, manslaughter, Hobart Town. 