THE : ORGAN 'FUND CONCERT: Mas: (BladenNeill's grandPotPonrrii oh' last Monday, , night, iiitti: the., Corowil Me-- chanics' Instituto, was a success in evoryi respect. Although., only .a.weok had been tason up in preparation, tho appointments were? lis' perfjol ds'AeeidbV.—the1 dresses'- were uniquo and pleasing iu thoir bnrlesquo ;clmraotor, and lavishly embollishod . with a|l tho 'dMeoWoriPs' and' dovieos ' kn6Wn fo' theatrical costumiers. Tho effect was grand. Certainly Mrs. Noill stands alone in tho ilistnoVfor, her energy In gotting urf -thepq displays). /Gar amatenrf jiubs ; afa .most heavily handicapped in their at tempts .to /prodiico; pieoosl'of Ifi/ihighor standard than broad farces, .low oomodios, of melodramatic absurdities, for tlio jwapt of oyeno.ne )(ul yamjour;' .yet.hore, in a 'biifiekqiiyd biiflosqfiolkiutfa'ging all; pi-o- babilitiy ' and! defyin'g "the' ' most peWistedt'-' and.l i laborious "endeavours;, to discern; throughout fts. .wholo , action; ono, trace, .dri .vestigo, of a plot— Mrs. Noill indnces half a score of ladies to| don stago jvigs, powder and: rofigb, 'and .other w'iso ' to' donooal: their irmtiiral'boauty 'hndgracd;1 with as much Zealand apparent 'Cnjaymntit i of( tho funnl- nesa of tho: situation .ns if ; thoy, thomselvbs! wore; the spcojptore ,ihste(»d;of,. being the mqsguer,. . .Wo wfliiW 'not, for , tho Vorld. thfit any 'misopfistrucfipn should 'bo plaooa pon our 'remarks; -'Wd- bf press ouf 'siir.' priso-tnot iiit the 'action (of the ' ladies' in' igoo'd-nnturedly, assisting at any. en tor tain-1 moqt havingisoijrorthy.aq objqet in vjow ;as reducing q'ehiirdK debt, but at the won- dorfiil power of the' ve'rsailo' 'Arid.' Voiatild' 'lady, whoso name obriiiridhcokthisphfagfaph,' iu making people do just whatever she makoaiup her. mind , they, shall ; do. ! 8ho is tho iriipressario and, the publio are hor .marionettes. On more than one occasion, '-q-o confess, .wo have danced while she .has, pulled tho ntrlrigs.11 W8 'arehOt ex'dossivoly fondi of thid kind of. thing,! brit Iwish that tho good ludy and ourselves may long con- tdriuo "'to' enjoy tho good tinier 'arid'meriy1 monirints itt'this'-lifo-veri if' wo.1 hrivd to ' jump While she polls: " Monday ( evenihg's' , ontetainittont' though called in Fradee a1 Pot Pound; 'would be atylod by our'frlerids north' of ' the TweodAajiHotoh'-Potoh; 1 It' oomuiouood' with a'pianoforto'Solo byMfs';' HaiiiiltOn( wHioh1 faliy ijroporfld tho' audit'- onoo for tho really 'capital oingirig1 whlOh ( dompospd the Jltob'part of/', the programme. Soveral porfdr.mprs now to Coroiva were in troduced— Miss' Dewing and Mr. and Mrs. Law— who wore in cxcollont voico. Mr. nndMfs.' Daw sang th'q fln'ocdnoK/.'fllho Sailor Sighs" with much tasto,' riud Miss" Dowing fairly surprlsfed her listeners with her grand contralto vqioe, , -When .-wo say that Miss Ogilvie, dud Mossrs.' Smyth and Dr,tHarriekB,cqntfii)utcd tho other num. I'IFdfi'f'tlfis' port, we.foel porfrictlji jriitiflha in" /classing' it 'as a' .very fioh firid'xrifo' musical treat; The tableaux of Auld Eobiu1 Gray and Ceiirf'Hei:!KUi«KWe&''tii3i' iwiwratod.,. The grouping was artistio,, nltiiorigh tho offeob wris pattly mfirred by ' tho mismdriagam'ont ' of / tlio mrigricsiitiu light. In tho two 'piotnfos of tho latter tabloatix I Ith'o ( little lady. I (Miss Minnio Sabine) who posed tlio part of tho drankard's' child, exhibited a wonderful perception of the. business, -.and. JIr..Eoopo'8,dog playod a not' uniuiriortiint!partl.m oroiiohing at tho foot of tho drunkards (Messrs. ifamii. tori arid Gibbs) until 6ho fiill of tho eurtriiri, Both tableaux yoro , musically illustrated by Mrs. Hamilton singing tho songs wliioh bear tho nn(ii'ds: ,Thrin estate tho " p'ioco do resistanoo;" - "Boadlo'ea thb' Beautiful, or Harloquin Juliua Coaav.and tho Delightful Druidoss." As wb-h'ttvbbofofe romarke'd-,1t; was simply incomprehensible ; but an im. menslty-'bf laughto'ti wa3,|6vokod' by .th'b' singing, marching, dombats and military evolutions, and - extraordiniry saltatory moyomonts 'if- ''thb' principal biiu-actors, whilo tho amateur " supers bohavodinos .iiZl ;1 !1 I. / < <i i) etflgc-liko it maliuihhaBit thoy had been objurgated by tllo iliajlotrmnster from ten to: twelve o'clock dycry morning in their lives. Mr. ILiw; Wasiri ghost-like Julius Craiar—'cnnlrantirtg cOmiqolly with Mrs. jNtill's "hoiled- duigpliq'-liko figure, as OroVcso. lrirs. Lawwas"a charming Norma ; Miss linrkeri fuily" merited the title of lloadicco the Beautiful, and it wns qlqw/ worth tho price of admission to he;' , |V: , jpyolyj Dyuidcss Adalgisa (Miss Haufi— — H," say "Oh! Caractacusl 'Taint correct to '' IU(Sr'-Mf.-GaMottrntirtrd"paiitbvokln5"-' Pollio,- \yaa--TvelI- . op, . in_- tho .text of ilia" par'"(iy— ticn lines to repeat, and got through thorn — with a strugtrlo ; but 'Messrs. Whitehead (as Cftssivolftunu8VL. Brorno'(o8 Croesus), VTf Willis (as Pompey),>tiid-Qibbs (as The Moon) all playod toir/parto tvith gravity jyhich would h'avo .Ion- bodomiiig at a pl6ughing match; or.a'f unbral. Th Roman army, Ac., v was-'roprosoutcd by tho iadica boforo mentioned; and added groitly tojthc success of thQ'spectRolo. In an In traduced scodo, Miss Dawingjsang "Didst ithou but know" in a charming manner, -whilo the Welsh Harper, Glarmnrpqgldd (Mr. Gibbs) Btoodti nck b?I€be8ta|rT iholdtng a symbol pf tho mob. Worerp -flt a loss to know tho meaning of this,' lint ' bupj?ob£ it wSaXnH HgHtJ -AtaU events tho Orgfri F/ipi will bp Wgnnt|l by abont £0, and every ono was' woll'sntiafled. 