VICTORIAN ITEMS The Crown Law officers in Great Britain do not appear to have given any opinion (says the Argus) on the questions submitted to them regarding the payment of money from the consolidated revenue of Victoria on the vote of the one House, or under the 45th clause of the Constitution Act. The despatches his Excellency the Governor has received are silent on the subject. . . . . It was intended by a few private friends of Mr and Mrs Potts, of Brunswickstreet, Fitzroy, to present Detective Edelsten with a testimonial in the shape of a gold locket, in recognition of the ability and zeal displayed by that officer in unravelling the mystery connected with the abduction of the infant son of Mr and Mrs Potts. The presentation was to be made at the concert in the Fitzroy Town-hall on the 13th instant, which had been got up to recoup Mr Potts, who has been put to considerable expense in connexion with the stealing of the child, but Detective Edelston declined to receive it. Dr Ryan, whose letters in connection with the Russo-Turkish war were read here with so much interest, returned to Melbourne, on the 13th instant, by the s.8. Sometshire. Dr. Ryan brings with him a number of decorations received for his services, and he has also an interesting collection of weapons and other souvenirs of the scenes through which he passed. The council of the Zoological and Acclimatisation Society held its usual fortnightly meeting on 12th instant. A letter was read from Mr Jamrach, of London, informing the council that he had shipped some some valuable birds for the society per s.s. Somersetshire, just arrived. The reports for 1877-8 of the directors of the Central-park Menagerie, City of New York, was received. Mr Guilfoyle, curator of the Botanical Gardens, exhibited some specimens of olives and olive oil, and some fine fruit of the Himalayan blackberry, and seeds of the Bame plant. The following stock has been received since the last meeting :—Two sea snakes, presented by Mr Wm. Patten, of s.s. Suva, and four guinea-pigs by Mr S. Woodhead, Fitzroy. A lecture on New Guinea was delivered at Melbourne on 12th inst. by Mr E. H. Minton. Mr J. Dwyer, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and the attendance was but moderate. The first portion of the lecture was devoted to a history of the discovery, geography, and resources of the island as far as at present known ; while the second portion consisted of a description of a visit paid by the lecturer last year to the north-eastern and northern coasts of the island. He spoke very highly of the nature of the country for grazing purposes, and also stated that he had discovered traces of gold, tin, copper, antimony, and magnetic black sand. He was also very enthusiastic respecting the kindness and hospitality of the natives whom he encountered in his visits to the shore at different parts of the coast. The Emerald Hill police succeeded in arresting four men on the 13th instant, namedrespectively JohnHall alias Rogers, Thomas Mois, William Thomas, and William Whitehouse, on a charge of uttering base coins. Detective Ward, in company with Constable Mansfield, subsequently discovered a whole set of coining apparatus in the house of William Whitehouse, situated in Bedford-street, Hotham, together with a number of counterfeit shilling pieces. The Chinese lotteries appear to be in full swing again, notwithstanding the efforts of the police to suppress the evil. Eight Chinamen were summoned to appear at the City Police Court on the 13th instant, to answer charges of keeping lottery-shops, and six of the defendants put in an appearance, the other two having absconded* At length, after many disappointments, says the Bendigo Iwkpeivtent, the proprietary of the Age newspaper has succeeded in obtaining a site for the new building it proposes to erect. The final one selected is that formerly occupied by the premises of Mr Hope, the importer of china and earthenware, and I believe conclusive agreements have been executed. For some time past negotiations have been going on for securing the block adjacent to the Scotch Church, in Collinsstreet, and this site would have been finally decided upon had it not been for two insurmountable objections made by the ground landlords, who would only consent to lease the ground on the condition that no work should be carried on in the building to be erected upon it on the Sabbath day, and that the windows of the contemplated structure should not with polluting gaze overlook the manse. As it was difficult to find a way_by whioh the proprietary of a daily morning newspaper could comply with these conditions, and as the Age did not consider the site so desirable as to justify them in suspending publication on Mondays, the agreement fell through. I learn from Cape Clear (says the Ballarat Star correspondent on the 13 th instant) that the 20oz. nugget mentioned in Monday's Star as found on the Plains, came down from a claim adjoining the Nil Desperandum Company's ground, and that the dip of the gutter lies into the claim of the latter company. The Sandhurst correspondent of the A qe, on the 8th instant, writes :—The belief that exists that gold is to be found in this district at great depths is being confirmed the deeper our mines go. To-day gold has been struck at a depth of 1180 feet in the North Old Chum Company's shaft, 55 feet east of the shaft. This is the greatest depth -at which gold has been obtained in this district. The reef is supposed to be a continuation of the Old Chum, and has only just been broken into, so that what it w Ul yield cannot yet be stated. Brilliant gold is showing in the stone, however. The reef is 18 inches in thickness. On 10th instant an important discovery was made late in the evening in the Prince Patrick Company's claim, StawelL A shot was put into the reef at the lowest level, running south, and it was found to be carrying gold, which was easily _ discernible. The reef is of some considerable thickness, and is coming in from the quarter where for years the flat reef has been expected to make. The further development of the reef has led to the discovery of stone considered likely to run over 3oz. to the ton of quartz. The Bendigo Advertiser of 12th inst. reports the yield of gold for the week as about 2000oz. Dividends, £2075, as against £1050 made in calls, showing a balance of £1025 in favor of dividends. The many friends of Mr W. M. Akehurst will regret to learn, says the Argus, that he died on June 6, on board the ship Patriarch, whilst on his way from London to Sydney. Mr Akehurst was well known as a journalist in this city. He at one time occupied a position on the literary staff of this paper, and was for many years connected with the Herald as subeditor. It was as a writer of burlesque that Mr Akehurst was more generally known to the public, and amongst the most prominent of his successes may be mentioned the " Siege of Troy," and " Robinson Crusoe," both of which were produced by the Theatre Royal management. About seven years ago Mr Akehurst went to England. He wrote some pieces for Sanger's Amphitheatre, but his success in the old country was not equal to that he had gained in the colonies, where the circle of competition is more limited. He was returning to settle in Sydney, when he died on the way out of general debility. The half-yearly meeting of the Victorian Woollen and Cloth Manufacturing Company was held at the Geelong Town Hall on the 12th inst. The report showed that 136,081 yards tweed and 985 pairs blankets had been manufactured during the half-year, and that the manufacturing account showed a profit of £5629 15s la as against £4668 15s lid for the previous half-year, the excess of profit being caused by the non- increase of the wear and tear reserve fund. The profit and loss account, after payment of interest on debentures and borrowed capital, and provision being made for bad debts, showed a balance of £6879 16s lOd. A case of a sensational character formed the subject of a judicial investigation at Calcutta in May last. Some natives were bathing at a ghaut on the Hooghly, when a body was seen floating down the river and tossing its arms. A cry immediately arose that the body was possessed by a ghost. A native doctor, who was present, appealed in vain to the bystanders to render assistance, but even the watermen refused the use of their boats. With great courage he plunged into the current and with much difficulty brought the body to land. It was found to be a young woman about 24 years of age. After restoratives had been applied, she stated that she had been for some time an invalid, that her relatives had brought her, stupefied, but sensible, to a burning ghaut, that fire had been applied to her mouth as to that of a corpse, and that she had then been thrust into the river as if dead. The unfortunate woman was taken to an hospital, where, after lingering 15 days, sb e died. Her relatives were prosecuted, but acquitted. The First Chamber of the Dutch Parliament has adopted the bills relative to the construction of new railways and the taxing of Europeans in Java, and also the bill for raising a loan of 43,000,000 florins on account of the Netherlands Government. An officer of the Chinese navy, Lm-Tai- Tsan, has been appointed to the flagship of the Admiral Superintendent of the Naval Reserves, now attached to the Particular Service Squadron at Portland, in order that he may have an opportunity of witnessing the steam tactics and evolutions to be performed by this large fleet. VALUABLE DISCOVERY FOB THE HAIR.—If youi hair is turning grey or white, or falling off, nse "The Mexican Hair Kenewer," for it IBM positively restore in every case Grey or White hair to its original color, without leaving the disagreeable smell of most " Restorers. " Is makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as wpll at promoting the growth of the hair on bald spots, where the glands are not decayed. Ask your Chemist for " THE MEXICAN TT»TR BBNEWBR," prepared by HENRY O. GALLUP, 493 Oxfordstreet, London, and sold by Chemists and Fer fumers everywhere at 3s 6d per bottle.—(Advt 