. The grand affair of the moment is the first of the Fetes Nation ales, to be held on the 3Ot,h of this month, and for which a credit of 500,000 francs has been voted. Its object is to have a day of exceptional rejoicing in honour of the Exhibition, and in which the numerous foreigners now in Paris are to share. Hitherto, we cannot sav that the discussions respecting the details ol' its organization have been characterised by that concord which would suitably inaugurate wnai M. Marcere calls the ' Festival of Peace and Labour.' The radicals are, as usual, the readiest to find fault and the hardest to please. The apostate Loyson has again been lecturing in Pari3. His ' Conference ' of Sunday, the 2nd instant, furnished only an additional proof of the vashiess of his fall, even as an eloquent orator. He who once commanded the rapt attention of multitudes at. Notre Dame, is no less expert now than formerly in the construct ion of periods, and the masterly management of words 9 but the pride which was his ruin is also the bane of hi3 eloquence. His chief pre-occupation seems now to be to excuse himself to his hearers for his defection to the Church and the breaking of his vows. Tenaciously in sisting, like so many other schismatics before him, that lie is a Catholic, while insulting the Catholic Church in every way that he can, he appeals to the representatives of profane philoso phy, which formerly he repudiated, but which now are his sole harbour of refuge. As a pre tended 'reformer1' lie has in various ways ? S\ 1 * ,^,,.,,-,1 i- ii»j-iii4 1\tr «-\l* ll l«i Ttl'Pfl lJ/V1»Si!/llI'4 in the same line, but, unlike most of them, lie is a reformer without either disciples or sect. lie is the echo of no revolt but his own, and his dis courses, which are a reiterated justification of his own conduct, do not invite men to follow an ex ample which demands years of incessant apology and explanation. The numerous and very scepti cal auditory assembled to hear him on Sunday was evidently gathered from curiosity, not for edification, and consisted of admirers of fine phrases and superficial emotions, ready to make an ovation to talent in whatever form it may manifest itself. We should greatly doubt whether the prolonged efforts of this false apostle have ? succeeded in detaching twenty individuals from the Catholic Church. The Festival of Corpus Christi, celebrated so imposingly in the provinces, but under restric tions in Paris, has nevertheless been observed this year witli great splendour in the Capital. The 'processions not being permitted in the streets, made the round of the interior of the churches, and at the Madeleine and Vaugirard, of the exterior also. At St. Genevieve (Pantheon) the members of the Irish College and of the Seminary of the Holy Ghost formed part of the procession. At. St. Sulpice the ceremonial sur passed in beauty, if possible, that of previous years, as it equalled it in the tranquil order and ease with which the magnificent solemnities of that church are always performed, the long lines of robed and tonsured seminarists imparting an additional effect from their numbers— an effect rarely to be seen out of Home as it used to be. Here, as at nearly all the other parish churches, a, beautiful repository was erected under the Great Western portico, the procession moving out of the church at the right-hand entrance and re-entering it by the left. In several parishes the ceremonies took place in the gardens of the presbytery, and at the military hospital of Yal a~ ruino ;« flm firvnvrVTTnniieur and the winding walks of the extensive park. In the latter all the soldiers capable of walking took part in the pro cession, the sick and disabled being placed on beds and couches by the path their Lord passed along. The dais was borne by military officers, and the cordons of the dais held byfgenerals of the French army. The granil annual review took place at Long champs on the 20th in the presence of 250,000 spectators. The troops reviewed amounted to 35 000 men. At 3 o'clock p.m. the coup d ceil was magnificent. In the background rose the rich woods of the Bois de Boulogne, frosh from the recent rains, and bathed in sunshine, on the turf were the thousands of spectators m every form and nationality of gala attire. 20,000 in fantry in front, and to the right 15,000 cavalry, and gay flags and uniforms of the different regiments, the steel breastplates of the cuirassiers, and the bristling bayonets flashing in the sun. The cannon boomo from Mount Valerien, the drums beat, the trumpets sound, the splendid band of the Republican Guard pfcrikes up, and the troops present arras, for the Marshal, surrounded by a brilliant and distinguished escort, arrives, amid the acclamations of the multitude, ihe English present saluted the troops, as they de filed past them, with vigorous hurrahs, which yore caught up and echoed by those around them As5 usual, the St. Cyrians were especially yeniitt'ked for the perfect precision of their move jnenta, which, as well as the evolutions ot the Republican Guard, called forth repeated ap It is with just and iegiiimaLe pnuu m.^ a-i««i^ has witnessed the admiration of her foreign guests (among whom are numerous Germans), of the excellent condition of her army, and there fore also of the vast improvement perceptible since 18*73. She does well in these times _ of 4.]ivoate}.:up' hostilities and immense standing armies to remember ihe maxim, ' Si vis pacem, para helium.' On tho previous day (Juno 19th), were cele brated the funeral obsequies of King George V. of H'inover, the discrowned chief of one of the most ancient jrad illustrious houses in Europe. Eight centuries back, the ancestors of this noble hearted and chivalrous monarch, tho Dukes -u Saxony and Bavaria, ruled over half Germany. They disputed the Imperial throne with the 'Hougo of Sv/abia, and the name of their family— Guelf— became, from the time ot Henry the Lion, the symbol of Italian nationality ami of the independence of the Holy See, imperilled by the rival' dynasty. . , , , . ir In 1866 King George might have retained Ins Crown had he conoented to hold it under the flBOteetwato of £«*, Without a moments hesitation, or any hope of success, he, howover, decided to resist the usurper, and fell witji honour. 'With his brave little army ho went to meet the immensely superior forces of tho enemy, and the battle of Langcnalza deserves to be ranked with Thermopyla). Around his coffin, in the small Pro I ec-tant chapel of the rue Chauehat., were gathered the representatives of pvcrv monarchy in Europe, its well as those of (he noble nation vanquished at Metz mid Sedan ,l-y the same hand t hat robbed him of his Crown. 31c will be mourned', nob only in Europe, but also in the far-distaut lands between the Indus and Ganges unknown to his ancestors, over- which reigns another descendant, of Henry the Lion — Victoria, Queen of England and Empress of India. 