LOST IN THE SIERRAS. SCENE I. HOW silent are the Sierras in their top-<*> most heights, where the grey peaks stand about in groups, holding up between them the little Plaster-like valleys ."-' "VVo '?'. jiiust: go' of one of those^.valleys;;:-:Now;;wo, fool;:Oio} ysitbaco of; th 9 plaoe 'resting;; upon."us-—are ayrdd by thotall,: frOwaing"peaks.i-,"; , i:.';'.-;V..'i-;'.;, ; .. ':. Sco 1; it"gloomy; mist in-: the ; woathiwy risen up .'and roddened arid alrnbst hiddim. tho .after r.* -noonsun.:.yy-,''" -i"i*y^^yy/yvy-y-;;:/^,;,?.>.;:?;?;:.yy.y-yy : -yWhat! in this drear plaioo.-a; long; man and his horso.;"H:bvr.tirod are botli : hbwslowly drag't-cir#te^r;i'N6VtKe^_iilt:v: i Thb'iuiu>,;. bewildered; lost,: turnsrtndlboloi.about,' him ;; the tired, boast hangs its/ hoad. and : stands' motionless,' a moment's Toat.'.c?eforo them, :darldy: frownirig,';iV. a canyon. ' It is -deop^_ow ; 'doen;: wa ' cannot see, for' in thq bottom squats gloomy Dark. Unsmiling as tho lost ?oul;;'sho grimly sifa hovering over hor brood of terrors, as alien spreadslior wings oyer hor voiing.. ',; Tho lost stand perplexed, and" irrCsoltito. Thoy know, and Only: that ythby aro lost in tho high Siorras..': Their kneoa betray their wearinoss and their, fears. - „ . . How great is the silence hero.? ':No sound from the lower world can reaoh this height. Tho tall grey peaks stand about liko voioe lotts ghosts. Along tho : narrow:'flats and upon the stoop, unsafe slopes, aro' grouped tho whito bones of lifeless 'groves of. junipor" and stunted aro bloiiohod as stag horns bloach on a plain';, or:tho.bonos of doad .soldiers on a battlofield. y Didtliby die of tho great, silence?. : : ; ;.V;"y'' -V ; \\. y:yyy:[aqM^^':yyy;[y^ : :\ ?'?' EvjafiNa is - drawing near, butrthoblaok ncsM of ?her; , Toboayis- 7 not.:all l hor-'own. - Tho lost manmarks- tho gatherina;; gloom and is unoasy. AVinter/ isy ynoar-^-hb., knows tho treachery Of; thosoawin and dangers of the first groat snow storm;- yy.'-j ?? Alas! wHydid' Gold, for which all;risk life,'.tempted him.. : His fagged steed moves his.oars.to and, if rb.-uneasily-— turns and snuffs toward tho west." There is weiprht, moisture, in the gloom." TJndooided, the lost man looks about him.' -Liko the sea, the docp silence roars in his ears.yNbw frag inontn of olouds, slow moving; approach and crcop along tho . ground close* beside him. Busk risos, threatening up from her lair in tlio near abyss nnd stands before him. Sho stretches hor shnpoless arms, about tho baso of tho mountaius ; her terrors irlidd along tho low ravines, skulking from bush to bush. "Wliero shall tho lost man turn P JTnrk ! a house dog bays from tho stop of his master's c-.ibiu ! Was that the howo-liko tinkle of a cote-boll I' Ah! no; theso aru sounds that belong miles ou miles below, more than a day's journey away. Echoiue memory for a moment cheated him. Hist ! What is that which, liko tho long-drawn High of tho ghost, breathes through the Hilonco f How quickly the lost man turns and pot-ra into tho gloom lwhind him 1 Waw! 'twas but tho voico of tho wind, awed to a whisper—rebuked by tho dread Eresonco of Silence. ' Twas but tbe wind— c felt it on his chock—yot, in that one timid whisper it said much to him. He under stood uud shuddered. Hie horse dropped his head still lower anil shook his Klrnggy tides until the puck on his bnek I'lnttorod agraiii. Ilio poor bo.-isl understood whnt -\v;u< whUp,k-d by. tho ireao. OWo ivu no miow on his hack—not yet—but the horse lniou- what was meant by tlu. wind. Tin rlaUerofthc pack van not loud—would not luivc been at another place—but tho let m.-xn started nud looked quickly nboul him; ho fe.ircd that the huge peaks standing around might ho ?tartlod into letting fnll Uio groat rucks lying in thoir lays. At lost Ik. W gold-hunter mov..-s-. IJrivintr his weary horse before him, ho gaze* .?arue-tty ut what looks like tho black shadow ?f v cloud—a small dark spot many miles nway It in v j--roro of living trees tlmt hp coos—a, grove of firs in n mountain gorge far below. Itugired uro the wim o£ tho wilderness uud tho foot of tho weary find ninny Mumbling phiccw. Weary is tlic lost man ! wary tho Last ho urges ! Bruisos rvbuko his ).iu.t?, and stubborn ulirubs rear thoir iintlort-d heads and avenge on his fle.h and garments his ovory disiilay of contempt for them. The -wind whinpera mora lioarsoly and bolaly along Uio rugged ground. It is yet far to tho grove—to whore tlio iir twee stand silent und dart. Timidly tho lost mau Klanco? upon the heaped aud distorted rock* as ho hastens past them. Ho is foolish to be afraid. Thoro are no faces looking at him over jagged tops—no faces peeping- from their dusky chinks. How dark it grows-! Who tan now mm tho tops of tho hourr peaks arouud—whoso oyo look iuto tho darkness at thoir feet P Soou tho gnomes of tho mountain hills will [bo abroad, tho ghosts of tho dead races Tho lost man puts his bund quickly to his cheek; ho gazoa up in fear at tho gloom in tho sky, urges his homo in a hoonm, hurried voico, for ho has just felt Uio fall o£ tho firat Miow fluko. His strainod eyes ha.ro still in 1 iow tho dark olump of firs, but it is far, far to'tiioir shelter. soenk in. Siuctcs no longer reign". Tlio -winds, at lint ?o timid, havo oomo fortli in ull thoir strongili and now shout victoriously through their lomlnioiis. Hark ! aro not tho ghost* of tho doad raoee' at battlo ?with the gnomos ? No ; 'tis but the howl of tho wolf, soatod at tho mouth of hia cavo ! Now tho suow sits steadily down, and wearily drag on horeo and man, , ; hoayily Hfting their snow-oumborod feet. .-?': ':??'?'??::??'.?'?-?'? At lost thank God—at last tho.iihbltor of tho grove is gainod. The wolf is still laugh ing, seated on tho rock hoforp hid don, but tho shvltor of tho lira is good.?', Tho snow cannot come near, but it hastens to raise" n wall about tho trooe, the low; outer branolios of whioh almost awoop Uio ground.,: ,:.-..- Grateful U his fire of sticks toi the chilled feot of the -wanderer. The etorm in forgotten wliilo he slumbers. -Xot : gnomes and the ghosts of warriors battlo—lot; tlio groy wolf laugh on! Tho lost'! man sleeps and his hungry hbrso, with his noso inUio onibors, droams of the green grass' of tho lower valleys. . . .-. ..'? ?'?'-. :'V/ ':?".-'. ? : ?:. '-...- . Tho rod light of tho morning sunburns on tho enow and tho sloeper awakos. Oh I win, mock not wiUi your brightness, for tho wall of snow iH high.. Gating on it, tho heart of tha lost man stands BtUl. Tho suow-ladon boughs of hia treoe aro weighed down —thoy reet upon the encircling drift. What a beautiful fairy , palaoo our lost mau has! But ho will not look npon or delight in it? dazzling walls —ho only uiglu, nud moans nnd mutters. Whose arc tho names ho spoakaf Why does ho not be merry, and sing and dance in hie splendid Know palaco t But his hands clasp his knees ; ho rocks to ?and fro. Rising, ho approaches and caresses his dumb oonipanion, and the horco lovingly rests his head against liia master's cheek, ?'-. "r'Tia full fifty miles to the valleys, good Dobbin," ho sayx, / " and \ro must bo moving."- .?.?:'-?'. ] ??..'.>??,.?..' ??' - .... ? ' ?? ?'-; -<iuitb : "up>to-:'th'e'--b?uA." of ?? tlie horso is Uio ??;-.?? tho/pair resume : .their : journey.- Suoh is a storni of a einglo night in the high ?.};.?'^' : : -y-\ . $ " joius , ,'; iiomo: that Is on the lips of a mother in a litUe-.browu cabin, by a foun tain in a deU ainongtho foothills far; below. ?!? Papa'?, is .thoi word-the blue-eyed by her Ride is lisping. :,;'Tiuho ihojr are thinking of whose breast is pushing.against tho snow, high up in tho glittering mountains. In the little brown cabin a yrhiia oloth is sproad on dio' table, and dainty dishes nuoko; upon tho hearth. . .. . ?'?:'?? Why doos ho not come homo ? Look out, littlo boy, look ouit at Uio door,and lookofton, child !?' iooV.now, and -ivhou Spring cornea and tho birds sing—look again I . . . Taking onr way again to the mountains, how like great touts look the clumps of lnan zanita on the foothills, and, higher up, how the young pinei aro bowed down with snow ; "Up, up, we toil, many weary railofl, and at lait we see, on the side o( a prenl, whita mountain, two black, slow.moving speoke. VfUat l'hftve they stopped? No; they are moving again—bnt, not now. They ?oem moving again—but, no—no. No ; the tirod horse can go no further—cannot be driven. Hβ is stretched in the snow. Our wanderer jna?t make his own path. See I tho snow is against his breast, but ho pueho? bravely through. Listen 1 Was that a moan ? It was a sound from tho dumb companion of the lost man—a nif?h —but now the poor , borse o&n; raiee hie head no moro. Ho is weak; he cannot follow his matter. But, look, the man has turned about I Now he kneels down by the poor brute, whose head lie takes in hie lap, and whoso neck he encireloi in his arms. Will he stay and die with his horso r No Tlio cabin and tho two blue-eyed ohlldren ! In -vain tho horse now tries to litt bit head—in vain listens for his master's voice. His inaiter's breast in onou more against the snow, and hie thoughts are ol Wβ oabln homo and a mother with her little onos, that oliug to ber clothe*. Doll i? the boom of the masses of enow falling from tho tops of tho tall pines. A lonely gron.e js startled aod flies over to an opposite mountain with a whirr ol wings that echoes far np and down the canyon. And again all is still—hushed as doath! The dread silence of tho Sierras ! . SOENK V. Akotukh day has passed and anolhor night. Where nnw is he that was lott 1 Ominoat, almost liko a wall. Is the stlllnoi*. Soo. ho lies with bis face- on his arms—his breaet still against the Enow. Thie is sad, for thie is " John" and this \t "papa." lie seems resting, and, perhapn, is thinking of tho mother in the far-away cabin and tbo little ones that cling by her clothes. Ah, thank God Iho riece —ho is bron?ting tho snow. Alas I ho ban baltoil, and again lios with his head uponhle srme, having moved ecaron ten paces. Snow-blind and fcoble, ho arises and lnokos another effort to advanoo, but his hoad once xnoro sinks upon bis arms. Tho white cloth is iis c i n cprcsd en tbo table, tbo dainty di?bo? again emoko on the hearth. ?? Why doos ho not come?" asks tbo nooaey motbor in the littlo brown cabin. Look oat, little blne-oyod boy, look oat at the door— poor mother, keep jour dainties wurta, and ?ell jour little onoa "papa will ?oon be at homo." The faoe of the lost man is aliU buried in hie ktdiii, he uttere no Bound, ho docs not movo. From tbo toll pines tbo snow falls heavily about him, but ho i< jiot diiturbed , — ho io vory, very cold, drowsy, and ho droams. Tho young pinoe arc hooded ivith snow, and enow bonds tho smaller flr?—yot, abovo all, lho ?ky ia bluo and euiilinp. .Hut tho lost man ncos nono of those ; ret ho omilea, for at last ho Been tho whito cloth sprond on the lablo, the dainty diehee on lho hoarth, tho glad mother and his blua-oyod. baboa-— ho i> almost homo. Look out, littlo blno oyoJ boy, and yon, littlo girl; but, poor mother, look no nioro to your dainty dishes, for " papa" is now at homo. ;JTos, now that wo look again— look at tho Klazoa eyes and rigid limbs—wo ?oo that it i a 50 —ho is "at homo." Cold aro the nights on lho high Sierras cold tho blue ?ky and the briulit atare. Uudor tho blue ?ky and tho bright Btars lios tho stiffonod form of tho lost gold-hunter— far up on the sido of a f.ront whilo mountain it liea. Tho grey wolf, perched on his rook, looks down upon two dark epocks in tho snow and uttora bin wild, hungry lnugli, undecided upon which firtt to feast, the horse or his dead master. How hatolul is tho tight of this wolf that howlfl by night, and of the circling ravens that croak by day 1 ior w<l ran but think of tho?o waiting in the little brown cabin, by tho fountain, far down the valley. When spring eomo? again, tho bonos of the lost gold-hunter mtt y bo found—but who knowe ? There—still circling about—aro thoso croaking ravens, and there—with hi? feet on tho odge of his jutting rock, shaggy neck Btrolohod out, and eyee looking hungryly down still stands that ohattering wolf. 