AMERICAN POLITICS. When commenting a short time ago on the investigation of the election frauds in America ire ventured to remark that any serious attempt to eject the President must ena in eitner a tragedy or a tarceJ The latter of these alternatives has already been chosen. The Democratic House ol Representatives which sanctioned the enquiry and appointed the investigating Committee ha3 almost unanimously decided that its disclosures are not to have any practical effect. A report from the Judiciary Committee declared that a* the previous Congress had definitely pro-; -nonnced._Mr. Hayes to be duly elected President it was not in the power of any, subsequent Congress, or of any tribunal! which it could create, to reverse that declaration. This report in the form of a resolution was adopted by a majority of 235 to 14. Prior to its introduction a motion of an exactly similar character,, and almost identical in its terms, was made: by'a Republican member of the Hoase,| and ' carried by 215 against 21. Taken; together the two votes emphatically; repudiate! and veto the perilous course' proposed to be followed by the men whoj secured the investigation. * All^ thai negative votes were from Democrats, and the difference between the number of the minorities shows the intensity of party feeling which induced seven members to vote against a proposal made by a political opponent, even though they were prepared to support it when it emanated from their own side. The adoption of the resolution which establishes the validity of the President's title is probably due to the pressure of popular feeling, and the over whelming majority pretty accurately indicates the sentiments of the country. Whatever may have been the political dishonesty which gave President Hayes his position, the nation infinitely prefers allowing him to occupy it to the end of his term to countenancing attacks upon it, which must breed endless con fusion and d'saster. It is also thoroughly convinced that the present revival of the question is a political manceuvre of a discreditable character, and that thua far the results of the examination are damaging to both parties alike. Although the enquiry is a failure so far as its most important object is concerned, it has revealed sc much that is scandalous as to sheck right- minded people and strengthen the conviction that some better plan must be devised for conducting Presidential elections in the future. No ?well-informed person doubts that the election was secured by fraud ; but it is abundantly evident that bribery and corruption yrere freely employed on both sides. One of the Louisiana electors deposed to having been offered $100,000 by the Democrats to vote for Tilden. Ho was first offered $40,000, but in order to draw out his tempters represented that he must have more, as it was not often that one vote would elect a President. Not withstanding the large sum offered Ire voted for Hayes, and, as he said, exposed the affair for the sake of political justice. It is, however, obvious that no amount of recrimination can clear the corrupt Return ing Boards of the Southern States from the stigma attached to them two years ago, and the most painful part of the whole bu*inss3 is the manner in which the President, leading members of his Cabi net, and some of the most distinguished American diplomatists are implicated. By his nominating to important Federal offices the local politicians who had secured for him the votes of the doubtful States Mr. Hayes has laid himself open to something more than suspicion, but it is not easy to fix the exact measure of his culpability. Some of the witnesses exa mined by the Committee, and who gave the most damaging evidence, are, accor ding to their own showing, entirely unworthy of credence. One of them, for instance, who was called to prove that Secretary Sherman wrote offering reward and protection to the perpetrators of the Louisiana frauds repeatedly admitted that he had ' written fabrications and sworn to falsehoods for ? political pur poses.' The famous letter of the Secre tary, which that gentleman utterly repu diates, is said to have been the work of a female politician, and in her evidence she completely exonerated the supposed author frcm all share in its com position. The fact Beems to be that the tools of the party were dissatisfied with their recompense, and hence sold their secrets to the enemy. At an early period of his administration Mr. Hayes alienated Mr. Elaine, Mr. Conkling, and other leaders of his party. They were not un willing to punish him, and the result ol this was that the Senate in some cases rejected his nominations. Accordingly the dangerous partisans, who felt them selves aggrieved by the insufficient rewards they received for their services, when they found that Mr. Hayes could not or would not comply with their demands communi cated with the Democratic leaders, and seem to have had as little hesitation in con fessing as they had in committing their roguery. It 13 avowed that the returns were falsified by votes being rejected on account of fabricated protests, and that this was done at the instance of ' visiting statesmen,' who watched the elections, ostensibly to promote their freedom and purity, but really to ensure the triumpl of the Republican candidate. On ever} side there are disclosures of forgery, per Bonation, and corruption perpetrated foi political purposes and now unmasked foi BJTnilyr reasons. Nothing can show more clearly the one sided and political character of the in vestigation than the unwillingness of the Committee to hear evidence on the other side. Secretary Sherman, stung by the accusations made against himself, offered to produce a hundred witnesses to prove intimidation in the Southern States on the part of the Democrats, but the offer was refused. The character of the original charges is also evidenced by the igno minious failure of the attempt to prove them against some of the more prominent persons originally assailed. Thus the American Minister at Paris, Mr. Nbyes, whose name was coupled with the Florida frauds, indignantly demanded an investi gation, and so strong was the popular im pression produced by the testimony 'given before the Committee that that tody had no alternative but to exonerate him. He justified the action of leading Republicans in visiting Florida at the time of the elections on the ground that prominent Democrats had assembled there, and that it was proper to watch their conduct to prevent them from influencing the returns. In most respects, therefore, the investigation has been a failure. It has not only failed to disturb the position of the President, but it has elicited a resolution that that position cannot new be unsettled. It has also failed to show that any greater degree of turpitude attaches to leading Republican statesmen than to Democrats, and accordingly a strong feeling ha3 de veloped that the Committee ia a mere machine for disseminating political scandal to serve personal ends. ? In one respect, however, it has done good ser vice. __ Through the disinterment of evi fleiice respecting the corrupt Returning Boards and their malpractices the nation bas been thoroughly aroused and dis gusted, so that in all likelihood more stringent measures will be adopted in Future elections to prevent a repetition of such scandals. Railway Material — On Tuesday next Mr. Ross will ask the Commissioner of Public Works' — Whether it is true, as reported, that a large proportion of tlu 14,000 tons of rails lately amv; 1 for tho Port Au&usta; B-ulway a-e of such inferior quality a3 to 1.3 unfit for use, and would render the line dangerous if laid down ? ' The enquiry was in fost mado ynterday, but Mr. Hawker request:;! that notico might be given. The matter is serious enongh to awaken considerable anxiety, and we hope no time wi'l ba lost i*i making known the erict fact3 s-j far as it may be deemed pru dent to do so. We understand that 3ome of the rails have been found ou being submitted to a very slight test t.i be defective, and that pending an investi gation into the circumstances the In spect or in England who was responsible for the quality of the material supplied has been suspended. It is fortunate that tho unsatisfactory character of tho rails in question has been discovered so early, as otherwise much greater inconvenience and loss of time might have been caused than is likely now to l-o experienced. We assume that tho authorities on this side are in no way to blame, as we understand all the rails are reijuiarj. to bo tested by an Inspector beffro they leave Euglaud. In tho ab sence of any information a3 tj the terms of the contract with tho manu facturers it is difficult to say how far tho Government would have any claim ou them. We understand that the usual practice is to pay on the certificate of tho Inspecting Engineer, in which cvso it is to be feared the Government would have no remedy as against the manufacture! j, unless it could be proved that fraud had been practised by those who supplied the materials and that the rails shipped were not those which had actually been passed. In any case tho occurrence of such an unfortunate circumstance is a pretty clear indication that more effective measures will have to be taken to protect the Government interests in tho dealings with contractors at homo. With tho lpjge oxitlay we are now incurring for rail ways every possible precaution needs to be taken to ensure that the quality of the material supplied is in accordance with the terms of the contract. Buildikg Regulations. — Upon what remarkably easy terms tho spirit of tho law in respect of the regulations of buildings may be evaded is shown by tho letter of our correspondent ' Citizen,' published in another column. We havo here another of tho constantly rc3iirring proofs of tho absurd incompleteness of much of tho legislation now in forco and a fresh illustration of the need of greater at tention to questions of social importance ou he part of legislators and administrators, n the Reyiuter of July G wo indicated t everal points concerning which new and more stringent enactments as regards Luilding are essential to the well-being f the city. It seems almost incredible that the Corporation, although they have power to order that the party-walls of houses shall be of a given aafe thickness, should yet have no authority to enforce their mandate. In this ridiculous position, however, the Corporation havo quietly continued for the last seventeen years, and the anomaly, glaring as it is, still exists. Schedule K of the Corporation Act of 18C1 empowers tho Council to make by-laws for regulating the construc tion of 'party walls, and also the height and thickness of parapets, external walls, and flues and fireplaces ;' and the autho rities, agreeably to this enactment, have duly passed a by-law (No. 50), iu which it is provided that no building shall bo erected or re-erected in the city, so far as regards party- walls, &c;, except in tho terms defined in tho by-law. For any breach of this regulation a penalty of not less than £5 nor more, than £10 will bo incurred. Tho statement of our correspondent that there are many who would prefer to pay a fine of £5 or £10 rather than go to the expense of reconstructing portions of the condemned buildings ib extremely forcible, and, as he further suggests, there are doubtless many who have preferred to submit to the fine and have token no steps towards altering their building3. In view of this defectiveness in the legisla tion bearing upon this subject the super vision of the Corporation over buildings in course of construction becomes a mero farce, and affords vory little protection to the citizens as a body. What is wanted is, as we have already taken occasion to point out, a complete revision of tho existing regulations, which should bo bo remodelled as to L'ive tlie Corporation the power to prevent the erection of dangerous or unsightly structures. In view of the rapid increase of buildingg both in the city and in the suburbs it iz to be hoped that a matter of such pressing importance will no longer be disregarded. ExECtmvH Councii.. — Hia Excellency the Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which three Ministers were present; Taxation. — In the Assembly to-day 'J&f.; Bray will ask the Treasurer— -'1. What amount to be raised by the proposed system of taxation will be required before the Treasurar would feel justified in reducing the Customs tariff? 2\. What is the estimated cost of the establish ment necessary for the purpose of raising the proposed taxation ?' CmnssH Famimh Fokd.— A mooting of the Executive Committee of the Chinese Famine Fond was held in the Mayor's Boom on Tuesday August 20. His Worship, who presided, re^ ported that £1,000 had already been remitted to the Central Committee of the Belief Fond at Shanghai. The Treasurer stated that £1 439 1 Lad been subscribed, and that it wae determined to close the subscription lists on September 20 so that the balance might be ascertained, as it was desired to remit in October. Thb Bxvqquhq Ca8b at Fort Adelaide,— We hear that, in accordance with an agreement entered into between the Crown and the defen dants in the action against Mr. and' Mrs. Siuclair in reference to smuggled whisky from the Craigendarroch, by which farther proceed ings are to be stayed, defendants have paid a fine of £50, with oosta amounting to about £15. Ma. E. Ikoleby at thb Labocb Lbaqui Hall . —On Wednesday evening, August 21, a meeting' of electors of the Legislative Council was held at the Labour League Hall, Hindley-street, to hear Mr. Bupert Ingleby, Q.O., expound his Legislative Council. There was a fair atten dance, and Mr. Hugh Fraser, M.P., presided* The candidate, having addreaied the meeting at length, was catechised, after which a motion that he was a fit and proper person to represent tho colony in the I.2giilatiTO Council was v«rv cordially carried. * Mail Siqhals^ Some little curiosity was manifested last evening as to the meaning of the S?u2t5n/iwri0I1- red and green '«'« °n the Post-Offiee tower, seeiug that no mail is expected at the nreseni tim-» nn «„„„: ? Wed that it was merely a trial by the Pofr*,, Office officials of certain signal* which krV^ intended to be osed in the future. It may b-5 -acatioiMd that the lights shown at the tower for thepist few monthi have been very dim; there is therefore room for some improvement. \- Ektrktainvrht. — An enterUinmeut will **-! given this evening in the Flindera-streefc Schoolroom in aid of St Paul's Day-Bcuool. Thh Latb Ptbb n» WAraoTrrH-sruHsr.— The J City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, J.P.), held aa enquiry at the Thistle Inn on Wednesdiy morning; August 21, into the cause of the fire at Brown & Thompson's timber-yard, Waymouth street, on Sunday evening. Mr. W. H. Holmt s was chosen as Foreman of the Jury. Police constable J. E. Flanagan g»ve evidence as to discovering the fire. He saw no one about tbe timber-yard at the time, and had made enquiries as to the cause of the fire without success. Kate Tuohy, a barmaid at the Hamburg Hotel, stated that she was posing the yard when she saw smoke issuing frjm the timber. She saw three small boys running away from the direction of the firv. At the time she saw one of the boys try to op*-u the door of the showroom in connection with the timber yard. Thomas Godden stated thit he assisted in putting out the fire. There was no oce about when his attention was drawn to it. Edward Phair, yprdmnn at Messrs. Browu and The mpson's premises, corroborated, aud said he had often «?eu hoys playing in the yard near tho timber. Was tol.l by hu children thtt th-ay nw.l iK'ard some boys plajing in the yard on Snn liy aft-nn- on. John Thompson, engineer, said there was r.oarpesraaceof fire in the yard at aqnarre H'uit -I on Suruhy afternoon. The timber was no irsnrcu. Thought the loss w.is from £150 t £i( .0. The Coroner, in snmmiug up the evidence, commented ufou the fact ot boys playiag in tb. \srd, ai:-l said thaf, although there certainly wii* do evidence to show how the fire ori'iaated there wan still every reason to believe that the ti'rt-e boys wbo were seen running away hum tLo place set fire to the timber. Countable Ilaujniil said he had made every e£F .rt to ficd the boys described, but had been uimile to do so. Tue Jury after a short retire ment fonrul 'That the fire in Messrs. Brown anil Thcrupsonrs timber yard, 'Waymouth-street, \- riginatetl by boys smoking or playing with lui-iftrs, but that there is no direct evidence to show how. We think that yards of this de i;. riptiou should be fenced.' Eocth Australian Poultrt Sdcie-it. — A Committee meeting of this Society was held at the Sir John Barleycorn Hotel on Wednesday evening, August 21, to finally arrange for the Poultry Show to be held at the Town Hall on Friday and Saturday next. The Secrrtary an nor.uwd thit he bid received a letter from the 1'rivate Secretary, .stating that in conseqnuace if H's Excellency's indisposition he would be uii.tWi' to be present at the openipg of the tsLibition. The number of entriei issa large tlut the Committee has found great difficulty in deciding how the coops shall be arranged iu tltr- room so as to do justice to the birds and at tlic same time avoid seriously incommoding the public. After a prolonged discussion it w?i ilt'ciikd to appoint a Sub-Committee to dcil with the arrangements. It was also decided to L::vc catalogues of the exhibits printad. Tub Jekvgis LaiDCE.— A. compla'it reaches v» that the manholes of the Jervoh Br?dge are Mtopri, aud endanger street traffic. During la*: week Mr. John Dealandes, in driving a horse with dray, had a narrow escape from a st'tious accident by reason of .the animal shying at an open manhole. The manholes, two in number, are situated halfway across the bridge and on each side of the street traffic. A train coming behind the dray, and the horse shying, caused the vehicle to be backed into the train, aril a wheel smashed. That was the fourth vehicle that Mr. Deslann'es haa had injured in a similar way. If it is necessary for workmen to proceed by the manholes to get to tha machinery of the swingbtidge during the day, tbe holes should be either fenced oS or some one appointed to close tbem immediately afterwards. Dauage by Water.— The stock of Mr Alex Hay, jeweller, of King William-street, haa sus tained severe injury by a rovel accident. All was in order on Tuesday night when the shop was locked up. but on Wednesday morning the ceiling was found to be completely saturated anl the whole place swimming in water, which iin.l penetrared the show cases, and has of course strfously injured the jewellery and watches con tiii.ed therein. Tbe origin of the mischief was that a btp iu the dark room of Mr. Manning's photographic studio overhead was left running through tbe ni^ht, and the waste-pipe of the zinc trough becoming plugged in some way the water tfowed over the floor and penetrated into the establishment below. ArsTEAtuw Dpfhj«C£S.— The Melbourne Ag publishes the following telegram from its London correspondent under date August 16 : — ' Sir William Jetvois, on his return to Enghnd, after he had concluded -his inspection of the Australian Coloniei for the purpose of sng^eit icg an efficient defence scheme, was coiuuKed by tha Imperial Government as to his views upon the Australian defence question. Sir William Jervois has intimated to the Imperial Government that no Australian system of defence by land can be made complete unless some central inland locality, connected with the capitals of Victoria, South Australia, and New South 'Wales, by railway, be chosen as the site for an arsenal, in which all munitions of war, with tbe exception of, per haps, guns, could be manufactured, and where all necessary material coald be stored. It is understood that Wentworth, on the River Darling, has been recommended for the purpose of a central depot, and the suitability of its position is based upsn the fact that it is the point at which the Victorian, South Australian, and New South Wales railway extensions will meet. If the Australian Governments agree to the proposal it is believed that the Imrarhl Government will also give their assent to ift adoption.' Chuech of England Susdat-school Uniom. — The monthly Committee meeting of this Union waa held in the Church Office on Tuesday evening, August 20. There were present the Secretary (the Rev. Thomas Field, M-A-), and lay representatives from Trinity, St. John's, S*. Paul's, St. Luke's, Norwood, Kensington, Hind marsh, Mitcham, and Moonta Schools. Mr. Moncrieff presided. The Sub-Committee reported the arrangements .they had made for the next quarterly meeting. It was decided to hold a competitive examination of schools about Easter next on the life of Sainnel. Weite'8 Roosts. — There was a moderate attendance at White's Booms on 'Wednesday evening to witness the enter'air'nent provided by Mr. Rainford and his company. The ex hibition was most successful, the instan taneous disappearance and reappearance of the spectres being the marvel of the spectators. Tue singicg and dancing of Mus Amy Horton aud Mr. Chas. Wallace afforded general satis faction. The programme will be repeated to-night. Tiib Football YiirroK3 to Mblbochjcb. — From the Argus we learn that the South Aus tralian football players were entertained at dinner at Garton's Hotel on Saturday night, August 1?, by the members of the Melbourne Football Club. Mr. F. T. W. Ford occupied the chair, having Mr. Downs, the captain of the South Australian tean?, on his right, and Mr. Sillttt, the captain ef the Melbourne team, on his left. Messrs. J. Byrne and C. Forrester were the Yiee-Chairmeu. The room was crowded, there being present more than twice the nujibar expected. An excellent dinner was served, and, notwithstanding some inconvenience from want of room, good humour and enjoyment were the order of the evening. The usual loyal toasts having been duly honoured, the Chair man proposed the health of the guesta, which was received with immense cheering and musical honours. Mr. Downs responded, and tendered the thanks of the members of the South Australian team for the kindness they had met with since their arrival in Melbonrne. He gave the toast of 'The Melbourne Football Club,'' for which Mr. Sillett responded. Lefbvre's Pbsixsctjl — The Lefevre's Penin sula District Council have lately been dealing with local matters of some interest. The Superintendent of Telegraphs has been asked to remove the telegraph poles on the north side of the Semaphore-road to tho edge of the footpath, notwithstanding that it has been represented that to do so would involve the destruction of the trees planted along the edge thereof. A memorial from 36* ratepayers stated that in many parts of the district the lines of boundaries and streets were erroneously laid out ; that unless immediate steps were taken to define the principal thoroughfares much litigation would ultimately ensue ; that it was clearly the pro vince of the Council to indicate to ratepayers the proper frontages and set off trig, points ; and that the Council were desired to consider the necessity of taking steps to accurately survey the principal streets and set up authorized and ' reliable corner- posta. The Clerk was instructed ». to reply that wherever it was necessary for the purpose of constructing roads the Council would time steps to define the boundaries thereof, but ihtx could not undertake the responsibility of d. ffniEjr the boundaries of private land, y 'The Uiszccbssevl Coloxist.' — We have rtccivtd from Mr. Geo. Robertson, the publisher, tbe fiith part of Mr. P. B. Fox's autobiography -ttitltd ?? The Unsuccessful Colonist.' Theatbb Botai.— There was a good house at lie Theatre Royal last evening, when the romantic play of 'Ingomar the Barbarian' w*s repeated. Tbe audience were highly delighted with Mr. Creswick's portrayal of the par! of lugomar. Miss Ashton assumed the role of Psrthenia, and acquitted herself with her ac customed ability. This evening 'Richelieu' is to be presented. St. Ma&y;'s Dominican Convhst. -We have been furnished with the following:— 'On Tuesday, August 20, a solemn ceremony was held in St; Mary's Dominican Convent, Franklin-street. The Bishop, the Right Kevertnd Dr. Reynolds, officiated on the cccssion. The young lady -who made her profession is the daughter of Mr. P. McNamara, J.P., Anama. A laree number of tbe clergy, including the Right' Rev. Abbot Alcock, O.S.B., Gawler, the Revs. F. Byrne, V.G., Archdeacon Russell, Tappeiner, S.-f., Ryan, Church, Byrne, Hennessy, and O'Sailivan, and niany_ of the leading 'members of the Catholic laity, were present. After the religious ceremony the nuns hospitably entertained the Bishop and the clergy and laity who wit nessed the proceedings.' Emigrants' Farewell.— The Glasgow Mail of June 22 states that about 200 emigrants who were to sail from the Clyde for Adelaide were entertained at a farewell concert given by the Temperance Crusaders, Camp No. 2, in the Standard Halls. After the programme, which was a veiy erioyable one, .had beeu com pleted, tbe Proident of the Camp in a neat st eech wished the guests of the evening a plea sant voyp^e and much prosperity in the land of their adoption. The emigrants are princij. illy from Aberdeen, Dundee, and Leith. Loans to tub Colonies. — The Brisbane Courier of August 13 says:— 'The partial failure oE the South Australian loan, for which fenders were invited in London last week, is exciting apprehension as to the fate of the nest appeal made by Queensland to the British money-lender. There is no doubt that tho con clusion of what promises to be a durable peace has caused a revival in trade and consequent brisk demand fer money. But the failure of the South Australian loan is attributable to another cause, and easily understood. We find the net preceeds of our last loan were equal to a fraction less than 92-55 per cent, of the nominal value. South Australia so far over-estimated the value of her securities as to impose a minimum of So. It may be true that her debt per head of the population is considerably less than that of this colony, but South Australia is almost exclu sively an agricultural and pastoral country. Her copper mining industry is in a very unsatisfac tory state, and she is a very small producer of gold, which in Queensland is now the leading article of export, surpassing even wool. Besides, we have another important export in sugar, while our pastoral couatry, if not more extensive, is of better quality than that of South Australia. The inference that an excessive minimum was the actual cause of failure is borne out by the subsequent placing of the Dunedin S per cent lean at 95. £6C0,C00 seems a large amount for a city like Dunedin to borrow, and its recent succcrs goes to prove that there is still no lack of capital for investment on approved colonial securities. However the South Australians may feel on the subject, therefore, Qaeenslanders will not be surprised or grieved at finding the debentures of the two colonies estimated iu London &3 of about equal value.' Boat Lost at Lizajuj Iilajjd. — The fallowing telegram from Cooktovtn, dated August 14, is published in the Sydmy Evening Kt\£3: — 'A thrilli eg account has been received here of a mishap to a small vessel bound for New Guinea, and the hardships which her crew were forced to endure on the coast till rescued. On the 29th July the Platypus, an open boat partly decked, left this port for New Guinea. She had a crew of three adventuresome men — Percy Charles Fuller, R. A. Purdie, and a seaman — all belonging to Port Douglas. The little craft was well slocked with provisions and water, but it was a nutter of great surprise that the authorities allowed the men t) jeopardize their lives by crossing the Straits to Kew Guinea in such a frail bark. Nothing was heard of the party till yesterday. The regular hader left Port Moresby full of cargo and passengers and horses, and she had in tow the yacht Cornstalk, and yesterday evening Captain Duncomb, of the Prospect, returned to port in the Cornstalk with news about the Platypus. He said that on Sunday morning on reaching Lizard Island they cast anchor, the weather being heavy. Shortly after anchoring they heard a cooey. Soon after a man was seen on the iocks. A boat was put off, when it was found that it was Fuller and the seaman of the Platypus who had cooeyed. They reported to Captain Duncomb that they reached. Lizard Island on the 31st, and anchored there previous to a final start for New Guinea. They were engaged some time getting wood and water; and in order to preserve their provisions from the water they took some ashore, together with ropes, sails, &c.; During the night the blacks on the island came down and took all away. In the morniDg Fuller and the seaman started off to recover the stolen goods, leaving Purdie in the boat. When they returned in the evening, to their horror they saw the boat a mile at sea. After great difficulty Purdie managed to work the boat ashore, and he then explained that while he was lying in the boat he felt something strike her. Thinking she had grazed a rock he took up anchor, but on again looking round observed two spears which had been thrown from the shore. Next day Fuller and the man went again in search of the blacks to regain the goods. They returned, and again to their astonishment they found the boat a long dis tance at sea, with the wind strong from the south-east. They noticed the boom and the sails napping about. They found all the re maining sheets had been brought ashore. The boat drifted right out of sight soon after. Fuller and the man subsisted only on crayfish for six days until the Prospect came, when they were taken on board and treated kindly. Cap tain Duncomb, on learning their story, at once manned the yacht Cornstalk and started in search ef the boat and the missing man PurdieL The yacht made a splendid run of 120 miles in 24 hours, beating all the time against a strong head wind. Search was made at every iahnd, mainland, inlets, and at every probable s[ at, without the diecovery of any signs of the bo*t or of a wreck. No trace being found Captain Duncomb made with all speed for Cooktown with P. Fuller and the man, leaving the Pros pect at Lizard Wand. Great praise is due ta Captain Duncomb, and a testimonial is being got up fer him.' Jack Ashoeh.— On Monday morning last (says the Wallaroo Times) a son of Mrs. McCrostie, happening to be passing the tank on the brow of the hill near the Court-House.saw a waistcoat and soma tora articles of clothing ljing in its immediate vicinity. H? l^nne diitcly took them to Corporal Smith, and on examination the pockets of the waistcoat were found to contain the sum of 3«. 3d., but nothing to lead to the identification of th« owner. The police proceeded to the spot and examined the tank, bnt it only contained four feet of water, and furnished no clue to the proprietor of the articles mentioned. On r --king enquiries, however, it was ascertained that two sailors belonging to the keteh Napperby wera en deavouring to reach their vessel on the pre ceding night, but in consequence of their being in that particular condition known as ' happy and glorious, aud o'er all the ills of life vic torious,' they missed their way, and eventually one of them tumbled in the tank. With great difficulty, and at a considerable cost of wearing apparel on the part of tho immersed individual, his comrade at length managed to drag him oat, and they finally gained their ship, leaving behind them a considerable portion of a pair of trousers, rather more than half a shirt, and tha waistcoat above mentioned. Tasks ojc Nno»E3 Pxaiks. — A correspondent from Ninaes Plains informs us (says the Wai' larco Times) that all the dams and tanks are full to overflowing. The dam recently constructed by the Government contains 600.COO gallons, the new tank 132,000 and the old one 100,000 gallons, making a total of 632,000 gallons. This is ^irrespective of a large quantity conserved in Mr. Onnsby'8 private tanks. There need there fore be no fear of a scarcity of water in that neighbourhood during the next year. This will certainly be a great boon to travelling stock, as well as to many who live in the vicinity and have not been able to conserve a sufficient supply. Death of ax Old Colqxist.— 2Jr. Churiea Chandler, an old colonist, di^d ru- M_ rcfideucc, at Happy Valley, on Tuesday, the ZOfn, .it the advanced age of 74 years. Th*»' dwnswf had been a resident in the colony since li-3 5. Vital Statistics.— The number of births aud deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, August 17, 1878, were :— Births, 147 males, 113 female* Deaths —16 males, IS females ; total— 259 births, 34 deaths. Excess of births— 225. The District of Adelaide.— Births— 33 males, 19 females; deaths— 9 male*, S females ; total -52 birdisj 17 deaths. Excess of births, 35. / Fight with Tobjzxs Straits Natives. — The Sydney Evening A'tvs publishes the following telegram, which it received from Cooktown on August 13:— 'A letter from Captain Webb, of the Pride of Logan fiahicg party, states that in consequence of the misconduct of Pitt and Blakesley's fishing party towards the natives they (Captain W'ebb's party) have been com pelled to leave Keppel Point, where they were doing splendidly, and seek other nshiog grounds moie to the westward. When the natives are quiet Captain Webb purposes returning. He obtained five toss tit-fish in a short time. The natives destroyed all Blakesley's party's fish. Nelson Horatio Spranle, a coloured man, attached to Pitt and Blakesley'a station, has arrived by H.M.S. Sappho. He has a spear wound in the stomach. He reports that when Webb and party were fishing &t; Keppel Point SCO natives attempted to seize tha trader. A fight occurred, in which Spraule was {wounded. Pitt fired 20 rounds. It is supposed that 52 natives have been killed. The Spitfire ex pedition in search of the white woman seen with the native, comprising Mr. St. George the Magistrate, Sykes the pilot, two kanakas, and three sailors, left yesterday. The expedition is not likely to be successful, as no bleck troops or officers are with it. Mclvor's prospecting party leaves to-day for New Guinea, confident of success. They take 12 horses aud a full com plepent of provisions, which have been sub scribed by townspeople. Mr. Warden Towner reports gcod mining news from Lukipville. There has been a great row among the Chinese.' Sctllhto Match.— The intercolonial sculling race which has been on the tapis for some few weeks past between E. Lay cock, a sculler of well known ability in New South Wales, and C. A Messenger, champion of Victoria, has (states the Argus of August 19) at length been definitely arranged, articles of agreement for a match for £200 having been signed on Friday bst in Sydney. The event is to t-ike place on the Parramatta River, over the same course as rowed by Trickett and Rush for the champion ship of the world— a distance of about three miles and a half. Saturday, the 14th Sep tember, has been fixed for the racs. An Ixterbsttno Award. — An irreverent parsgraphist in the Dunedin Age thus dis courses : — ' A pleasant and we should faniy also an amusing incident occurred at the coaclusion of the Maungatua Ploughing Match. A Com mittee of our young ladies was appointed to select the best-looking ploughman. Their choice fell on Mr. John Millar, who was pre sented by one of the Committee (Miss Margaret Murray) with a very handsome rosette. This is a slight advance on the old system of selecting the best team of horses. What is the intel lectual frTiJTTwi coming to. Fortunate John Millar ! The pride of the female clodhopper of Maungatua! Fortune will smile on his path when beauty sheds rosettes by tlie way.' Goldib's Expedition to New Guinea. — In a letter to a gentleman in Sydney the Rev. S. McFarlane thus refers to tbe New Guinea Ex pedition and Mr. Goldie's responsibility: — ' Here is a sad state of things — only two out of the fifty diggers have escaped fever. Three have died, and many are here seriously ill. Only five are out prospecting. They have tried hard to get through the scrub, but cannot fiud food for the horses, and so are unable to proceed. Many wish to leave ; all are disheartened ; the/ find the fever a terrible reality. It is sad to see these strong men laid low. I am thankful that I had nothing to do with leading them to come here. None of them seem disposed to have anything to do with Mr. Goldie; they would not accept his offer to lead them inland, and they have already gone far beyond his furthest point. Mr. Chester and Mr. Chalmers h?ve visited the Laloki. They talk of a walk ing tour from South Caps into Milne Bay. The diggers mostly occupy the teachers' and Dr. Turner's house, storing their goods under tbe mission house. They speak highly of Ruotoka, and so they well may, seeing that he conducts their purchases of land, provides carriers far tbem, and nurses their sick, &c.;' Encke's Comet.— Mr. John Tebbutt, of the Windsor Observatory, New South Wales, writes the following letter to the Sydney Morning Herald : — ' It appears from a telegram in yes- terday's Herald that the search for this comet at the Melbourne Observatory had up to that date been unsuccessful. Astronomers, however, will be glad to know that positions of the comet have been secured here for every evening since its discovery (August 3), the 4th only excepted. The comparisons for the 5th show that the observed position for that date differs only about five minutes of arc from the place assigned in the ephemeris of Dr. von Asten. During the last three evenings the comet has been observed with great difficulty owing to the increased moonlight. Although receding from the sun the comet is still approaching our planet; the least distance, 90 millions of miles, will be attained on the 21st inst. It is at present a few degrees east and south of the planet Mercury, which now forms a conspicuous object in the western sky. I trust to be able to follow the comet for a fortnight longer." A ' Canny' Irishman. — The following story from the North of Ireland is given by the World : — 'He was a 'Northern Farmer* pur et simple — had married three wives in the course of four years,andburiedthem all three— they happened to have been ' comfortable,' cm davits, and had brought him a trifle of money, and a bit of land, and maybe a pig or two, as their respective dots. To him the parson consolingly on the demise of No. 3:— 'Well, Andy, Fm sorry for your trouble; but any way j^ou can't be badly off considering what they brought to you.' 'Yer no just recht about yon, Sir,' said Andy pen sively. ' A tell ye what it; is, Sir ; ye ma' blceve me that what wi' the fecthin' o' them in, an' the fetchin' o' them oot, there's no sat much profit on them as maybe ye Hunk P ' A Phculiak Baby to Beo with. — The writer of ' London Town Talk' for the Argus says : — ' It is seldom, I hope, that duplicity arouses my admiration, but I do think that the young woman, Julia Constant, charged with begging the other day with her baby, has set a good example to her fraternity. Upon a passer-by, who happened to be a detective in rfain clothes, asking to look at the child, she said that the air would be injurious to 'the poor little thing,' which, as the thermometer was about 83? in the shade, naturally aroused his suspicions. He insisted, and discovered it to be a rag Haby ! This is surely much better and more humane than the old system of exposing real ore3, yet Julia got a month's imprisonment. Fancy a real baby under a woollen shawl — where they always keep them— this weather! How 'twisty* the excessive heat makes people, and how inclined to upset their neighbours. Nor is this to be wondered at, since on the Slanclieater lire I read tte very rails have become ' twisty' from the same ca^se, and nearly upset a whole passenger train.' T&e; Phonograph.— The statements circulated concerning the phonograph that it produces the very tones of the voice spoken into it are not (says Chambers's Journal) strictly true. The reproduction is in fact a ghost-like sound ap proaching to a croak. Certain sounds, such as s, z, th, -xh, are very imperfectly uttered; vowels on the contrary come forth distinctly ; for which reason the rbonograph succeeds better with Italian than any other language. A Jcdgb DBTBCT3 A Flaw. — There was a time (says the writer of ' London Town Talk' ih the Argus) when our Judges on the Bench distinguished themselves by hitting on some weak part of a case, which had even escaped the notice of the counsel for the prosecntion. These old times have just been revived by Lord Young, one of the Scotch Judges. An action for £400 was brought against a farmer, and the plaintiff stated that his accounts had been regularly kept by him since 1S66. His Lord ship, however, happening to hold the passbook in which the pretended accounts were kept up to the light, perceived the watermark to be 1S74. Whereupon the action was abandoned. Tae report does not say that the Judge had had his attention drawn to the watermark by an incident of a modern novel ; but in fairness to a certain popular author it seems to me it should have done so. Glen Omoxd IjfSTrrrTE. — An entertainment on behalf of the funds of this institution will be given by St. Andrew's Young Men's Society in the Institute Hall this evening. 