[By Electric Telegeaph.1 'WOLLONGONG. Friday, 9 a.m. Tho Very Raverend the VicDi'aSenoral, aceom ponied by Very Rev. Monolgnor Lyaeh and Dean M'Oai'bhy, arrived overload and by sail thio morniag for tho purpose of being prenen'i; afc 'iihe solemn funeral obsequies ol tho late Father O'Reilly of Dapto. Fafhsr Hayes, and Father Keogan of Kiaain, and Father Iiiordan ol Borp i'imc,3 have also arrived for the aame purpose. The Late Mr. H. G. Donovan.— On Thurs day last solemn High Mass was celebrated in St. Mary's Cathedral for the repose of this lately deceased gentleman, who died some little time ago at Wagga Wagga. The Mass was celebrated by Father John Dwyer. The Very Rev. Monsignor Lynch, Dean M'Carthy, Fathers Mahoney, Taylor, Sheridan, P. Carroll, Paul Fitzpatrick, Placid, Collingridge, taking part in the ceremonies, which were solemn and affecting. Mr. J. Donovan (the father of the deceased), Dr. Donovan (brother of the de ceased), Mr. F.' M'Carthy, Mr. E. G. Ellis, James Mullins, J.P., Mr. W. Hughes, Mr. W. Brady, several members of his family, and many others being present. New Guinea Expedition.— -The feci; o£ Mr. Goldie having discovered gold in New Guinea hca oreated a strong desire among the mining popu lation of this colony to learn more regarding the extent and richness of the discovery. With that view a number of per/sons, inoBt o£ whom are minerc, have, after . oeveral failure?, fiaclly resolved npon an espedi&ion; to fihs new SI Dorado, and take their departure from Sydney in a oehoonor culled the Colonist, regiotering 109 tons. Tho rate of ps,aeage'money charged is 512 for eteerago passengers, and £20 i'or cabin. Each pssaenger ia allowed to take 5 cwfc of stores, and p&ys; £3 per ton for extra freight, without responsibility. The veoael ia 200 tons burdon. The Colouiat will be ia charge of- Mr. J. H. Bnrsfcon. All tho men being ezperiencod diggers have been fully alive as to the indiopeua« nble requirementG for such cm undertaking, aud have therefore purchased, regardleno of cos^5 what they know well will ba required. The captain confidently expects theft he will bo able to land the expedition at Porfc Moi'aaby 2a one month, at - the outside, including oil stoppages, ond if favoured with a /ah* wind 3I10 will run np in fchrao weeks. Tho par6ys upou arrival, will form fchemsslvea into bando, and, without delay, oommenca opsra'tiiona for tbe diocovery ol! gold or other metals. In the event of failure, thoy will communicate with CooktowD, for which arrangements have been made between fchein^ eelvea and Mr. Thome, who will provide meano of returning. The following ave 'oho najnea of the party leaving Sydney : JohnHanarnnj John M«0all, Alexander M'CalJ, JPttxak Jonac, Thomas Arnott, Richard Price, _ William Kinckeln, Charloo Brown, William Brits, Joseph Gotti, Peter Brown, Thomas Armatronjj, David German, Jomea Mavphy, John Dillon, William Sandall, and James Vnngbau °— Evening News, GouLRtrKN. — On Wednesday, [a?; the inquests on James Brogan, the jury returned a verdio'j to the effect that deceased died from bleeding, in their opinion tho rosnlfc of a blow said to have been inflicted by John Jenkins, All Ubh It. — It Sa at every picnic. 16 is in every kitchen. It gives tho finiah to every -3iali for gravies, nonpc, gomo, fish, or cold meats. It assiats digestion and increases tho oppeuiue. It hao a plr.ee afc.Governmoat Houne, end io oeen afc every respoctablo arfcizaa'o. The protoc uionists udq it becauoo ifc io colonial, She fi'Qe» traders bocfiuse it is cheap. It io tho especial favourite with all claasea, because, aa oao of the Sydney olergymen wrocej 'It'a tho beofc you made,' It is the Australian Roliab, mede by Waahington S. Souls 221, Pittnafei-eefc, and sold by every otorekaeper. — Advi. Dew of the Alps. — Long before tho dayo 01 Y7illiam Tel!, tho monntaineoi's of the Swioo Alpo regarded tkio cordial as theii1 boa!; oafo guard againpfc diaenae, and the ouccsfc reotorotivo rihon weakened by oiokneca or prontratefl by fotiguo and hardohipo. In 1867 it rooeivedl uho firaii premium at the Parlo Bspoaitiou, and cinoo ifc iufcrodnctioQ into the. United Siatorj ifc laco bocomo fomoua throughout tho Woatavn Hemisc phevo nrj. eie appetlaei' and invlrjoi'aiife. In Auoiii'olia, although unktiopn in- an^ of fcho coloaioa a few yearb Ggo0 ifc. in profon'scl £0 nay othoiv tonic, hoi,h oa acooKab of ifco esquicita j finvouL1 and ita woadorful oficcfcfj in vcaho'dng the j appa'dte and buildfef; up fcho syafcom o£ oho doiliiatcd and brokqa do\7i2. We aEO vequeaiiad &o; cnll aiifcontioa to ps tit!*3 j Auatolian Artiot.1' ' Tho oil joaiating rcfoiTecl j to ic highly opoken of na a woi'k o£ v.\'h by n xov/ ] of our f rienda vyho went to ogq it, Thomas Dahgab, ch old caxd. reapootod L'crjkloat of the colony, died on klie 13th luDtonfej, which date waa fche aanivoi-aary of hie birth iu 1808, and of hifl lauding in the colony in 1825. Ho wfts tho father of the meiabsi' for fche Gwydir, New Book.— Wo have been roqeeeted to call atteution to an advertiosnioni; ir- pa^o 11, in which MeE!3rc. Do Courcy, Hydo, and Bkik uey announce the publicatioD, at B -afcr, oi a new book by Mr. H&roM; Grey (A Pilgrio), entitled ' My Unnatural Juife' : Au Autobiographical Apology. ' Having baon fnvoured v/ith advanced proofs o9. the work, we vxo in a position to cay tbati it io written in the nor/ woll-knowa Bfcylo peoaliar fco 'oho author ; and whoa, in addition to fchio, we say that the ofcory ic ro plots with iaoidcnls and oooial EkotchoD of tho isosfc isterentiDg character, enough baa been Raid to reoommenr] ifc 60 the reading public of Now South Wnleo. Westminster Abbe it. — Char'ea Ciarke opened his aei'ieo o£ leci;ure-eQfcovte.i3mcnis on Monday ? lacfc, with tho above Giibjactj which baa proved a great attraction, bavinp; drc.7-a crowded houses nightly oin:o. The sobjec!; ia snonfc eloquently treated by tho gifted leofcurer, who epitomises its history from the daya oi Edward, the Con* feooov-KiDg oi ISogkjQd, to fcho prenent time, bringing before hin hearers grand old associations connected with the venerable* pilo, and touching here and there frequently, with great pathos, upon the grea'cooi; hio-iioricnl aamec among the illuotriouo dead reposing within its walla. The interest io iaain'orined thvoEgbonf a two houre' continuouo delivery, tho language ahosen fceiag really beautiful. Bat what In the opinion o£ many hao She eficeot oi mavrlffg that nhieh otherwise snuct be connidered a magnificent leofcaro ic Mo grafinifeouoly inculiiia/y jokes Dpon taoijtei'o connected uiuh the Abbey before tho Roformafcionj which are held in reverence by all Catholics. One of his jokea 20 tha'j & phi&l; with come drop£3 of the blood that fall from Christ; while on the Caoca wao cootained in a reliquary fihere, the gennineneas of which wes atfcssted by no meaner authority than the Patriarch of Jerusalem and other great digcitarieo. The relic wau subsequently lost, which the lecturer thought wr,o much fco be regrefcfeoi, as he 'would take hia oath that whafe the Patriarch 0? Jeru. saleia oaid must he true.' Aa theae discourses are avowedly popular oneo, aad aa Catholica form a eo'o uniniportrjnt f racLion of the people, such pnooago'j raight judiolonoly .ba omitted without in any way affeofiing the lecture itcelf. The Qhose. — Tho ntfcondanee at the Guild Hall to witnesc Mr. D'iXroy Esnd'c Ghost Eu- - teffcainDaoat io' sfcoadily inoreasing. Aa the nature of tho affair becomes known so ia it paironiced. On iVloudey evGaiag ftho Hon. Lady Robinson and ouito atteaded, and wore, wo are told, groatly plenoed. Mr. IProd Eolton is a hard working agenfc9 and dooo mnoh to bring the affair before the public. Es ako takea a par'o ia lC Fauot,' much ' io the ? benefit of fcha entBL'taiataont.j A Thrilling Accident. — On. Thursday last we (Murrurundi Times) received intelligence of an accident so utterly out of the ordinary run of events as to produce at first a feeling of in- credulity ; but, as the person interested is an. old resident of Murrurundi, and can be referred to by oiir readers, we hava no hesitation in giving the details as received. On V/ednesday last Mr. Robert Hall, of this town, started on horseback for Dry Creek, near Scone, intending to attend an auction sale to be held in that locality. Taking a short cut over the ranges, he reached the oummit of the spur known as the Rocky Downfall, near the head of Dry Creek. Hera he missed the only track leading from thai; almost inaccessible height ; but choosing a course along the preoipifcoijo face of the rock, coughf; to eifecb a descent. Thio wao being nceomplicliGd ^ith muoh difficulty, when aa wnforSonate slip gave the movo ha vjau riding a oufl&en; Dtov60 an 3. beooaaiag reotlve, sb.Q maicnad hoi1 footing, _ and then bounded over fcha teniblo pieoipico at her aide. Mr. Hall kept bis seat cad., fortuantoly5 Ma pi-QoonoQ ' o£ .mind, lu her foil .tho mavo nr.aaed between the limbs of 0 large tree steading about oevoaty . feet down fche.rocka. '.To one of the butafcrefcohn ing limbc of thin hev rido? olung an the only hopo of life, ood for a mosaenfe broke his fearful fall, leaving tho hovuo 60 eompiata the fearful leap. Unable to retain hia hold of the tree, Mr. Hall Ml wpon tho nholving lock ct its base, . just aavedjfoom .a horrible denth, but nearly stuuueu. slots he lay for about a qnarijer of an hoar bsfora ho v;na ablo to nai'cae Iiio eooraep when he reoovorofi himneli Qufacionily to dom Eco'ad tho bill. The uQiOEfcunnto eanre he found at the foot oi the hrago wall of rook, a mang'lod wrook of hoi' forme? solf, h&v; nknll . broken s and the bEoino ocrAtevod: along the face of tho rook dov?H which cho had paesed. Several ledlgob o£ rooh had only aorved ? to reader tho fell oi! tho poor brafco moira dis trooalng, r.o ohe v/no liuriefi frosn ono 60 tho other aith laorer.oJac EaonxenfcuES, ofcopping finaly at n distexsco oS sieoriy bal&a-mi;!o bolot? the opot where the fall cozafaoDood. Life x?vm not quits Gstmot, but in n for/ raiiavitea donth pMoluded furfchoi.1 ouiverlag. Only the day before Mr. Hall fed safaccfi £20 for tho cniianSj and vriued hoi' ah SO.por-oeHfc saoro'thnia that ooouat. The ' orjd.dle vr'iia oomwlotely nar/jticol, Oho briale'wca forokoa, nnd ovaE- yfchiug about the haploaa aiaro bore the mnvka ox tho ulraoot violoaoo. Mr. ' Eoll maclo hia \7~-y on foot i& Mo destination ab Dry Ores!:, xfaovo nctoniEhuionO vr/J divided ? ' bott/cea fcbe liaaavfi oi h\v, venturo and ' hia m'uEVoHona dcliv6i'r,a&3\. ' Smoh ia tlio r.ccouut we hnvo ijr/jliovcfl o2 . an ovonu thnri vyhioh perhnps Oho Mafceiy o£ buuh o^joo^loacOa coruainly that of fcho 'ioi'jjuurjuo i-'IoloL1 ccucovaoda a uhoroiir-jh.' buDh^ taaa, pvo;joata ao more thi'IIliag -Sncidosit or iMvaeiilonu CL'cnp^ RASH'S.— Hoavy raina have fclloa ia Oho v/efltera and conbhsivea'iiova. tliuuricto of tho caloayo ThiL'Oy-ui:; houi'31 vein in vopok-fced to . . . j hava fallen ia como loo^lit!c.7s- nod aa ti conso* quotsco the oreaka and waiiorcouvfjs^a Iiavo boon itj J high 4ood Sc tho30 places, 