'.... HOOPING- A BARBEL.' ?-,- (.Danhury Newsman.) Putting- a hoop on the family flour barrel is an operation that will hardly bear, an en-, core, ? Tiae woman generally attempts it be fore the man comes ..home to dinner. She sets the hoop up on the . end of the . staves, takes a deliberate aim with the rolling-pin, and then shutting both eyes brings, the pin , down with all the forcey of one arnij while the other instinctively shields her face. Thou sho makes a divo^for tho camphor and un blcaohod muslin, and when tho man conio,. ?home she is sitting at the back of the stove; thinking of St. r Stephen and* tho other ? martyrs, while a burnt dinner arid the cam phor are struggling heroically for ,' the mastery. He -says if she had ., kept ' her temper she wouldn't ; have got hurfc And he visits the barrel himself, and puts the hoop on very carefully, and adjusts it so nicely to the top of every stave that only a few smart knocks apparently are needed to ??? bring it down all right ; then ho laughs to himself to think what a fuss his wife kicked up for a simple matter that only needed a little patience to adjust itself ; and then he gets the hammer, and fetches the hoop a sharp rap on one side, and the other side .. flies up and catches him on the bridge of the nose, filling his soul with wrath and his eyes with tears, and the next instant that barrel is flying across the room, accompanied by the hammer, and another candidate1 for camphor and. rag is enrolled in the great army that is unceasingly, marching toward the grave. ? ? ?' ? Eoads. — The following reserved Or. boun dary roads, tracing of which may be seen at the office of the Crown Land Agent, at '*' Wagga Wagga, which have been applied for by Abraham Booth to be closed and alienated under the 10th section of the Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1861 , will be closed at the expiration of three months after the 9th July if no valid objections be previously lodged,- and grants of the sites of the; roads so closed will issue in accordance with such applications ; and all persons interested are invited to. state, within three months from this date, 9th July, -their. objections, if any, to such roads being .closed or such. grants being made: — 1. Parish of Gobbagombalin and North Wagga, county of Clarendon, area, 3a lr op, 1 chain wide, dividing por tion 12, parish of Gobbagombalin, from por tion 286, parish of North Wagga Wagga, and lying between a reserved boundary road 150 links wideband the road hereunder des cribed, less . intersection of a proclaimed 'road 150 links wide. 2. Same locality, area, lla lr op, 1 chain wide, dividing portions 10, 11, and 12, parish of Gabbagombalin, and portions 286, 287, and 288, parish of North Wagga, from portions 17, 16, 15, 14, and 13,. parish of Gobbagombalin, and por- ? tions 301, 300, 299, 298, and 1, parish of North Wagga Wagga, less intersection of a proclaimed road 150 links wide. 3. Same locality, area, 4a 2r 36p, 1 chain wide, di viding portion 13, parish of North Wagga Wagga, and lying between road above des cribed and a boundary road 3 chains wide. An Offender Bowketv Otit.—A p.Wftr piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands Department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does- not confine its victims to valuables in the shape of money or jewellery, but per mits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent fare enjoyed by civil servants at the half hour forenoon in terval. . In one branch 'of the lands office a day^ has never passed over without com plaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times successively not a week ago, and the horrible presentiment came to his mind that the chief of the branch was the culprit. A conference was held, and it was decided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about 1 one of the subordinate officers felt disinclined to dine, and at 2 . was. sure he was attacked by cholera or typhoid. Half an hour later the real symptoms, were ap parent, and the Sympathies of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew migh. He was sure he was going to give up the ghost, as he had; had a fearful dose, but instead of that gave up the: xhuner. Traces of many a lamented tit-bit were forthcoming, and the officer in due course was led back a better and a lighter man. — Evening News. . .'',''' An Artjful Dodger.— -Mri. Pencewell had oh his station (a couple of days' ride from Deniliquin) a carpenter making gates Of sawn pine. ? Beturhing one evening from visiting his neighbour- Fourrails, ho looked in at/ the workshop, and asked how many gates the carpenter made on' average per week. On being informed by Jackplane, he said that Mr. F?s carpenter was making gates of a like kind faster, stronger, and better in every way. Now that carpenter was a hardworking fellow, and prided Jhim self on his gafcemaking, and this statement vexed him exceedingly. He was a:im-v« daj'S afterwards hammering away at a gate, when his door was darkened by a visitor, who demanded somewhat brusquely, 'where are these blamed gates, and where is the blamed man that made them ?' Now Jack plane had been brooding over his. employer's injurious allegation, and this fresh challenge was not soothing in his irritated condition. So, rolling up his shirt sleeves three times higher, by way of preliminary, he planted himself in front of the stranger, and said, ' here's the man that made them, and if you want anything more — why — come on!' 'Well, you know, I've no quarrel with you ; but the boss, he said you were mak ing 'better gates than I was, and half as fast again.' ' Why, man, that's just what my boss said to me about you. Come down to the hut, old man, and have a drink, arid we won't make so manv gates per week in future !'— iEJgles in the Australasian. Hqlt.oway's .?:. Ointmhnt ano PiLLS.-Bowels Com plaints, Diarrhoea,— When these diseases prevail immedi ate recourse Bhould be had to this Ointment, which should be well rubbod two or three times a day upon tho abdomen, and. the intestinal irritation will gradually subside. All imflammation will be subdued and excessive action restrained, This treatment, assisted by judicious doses of Holkrway's Pills is applicable to all forms of diarrhoea and dysentery attended by heart sicknoss, griping', flatuence, and othor distressing and dangerous symptomM. Aftor rubbing in tho Ointment a flannel binder should be worn, and the patient should bo re- ' hlriulcd to .i fariiiiiuuous diet for a few days till tho uv~ gency of tlio (liaoiise li.is boon diminished by tho preserv ing employment of these renaqdiej. , t 