LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, November 26. The President took the Chair at 2'o'clock. POLLING-PLACE AT STEPNEV. A message was received stating that the Governor would issue a proclamation declaring Stepne-- 01 Cent Town a polling-place in the District oi East Toirens. POLLING-PLACE AT WANDEARAH. The Hon. J. FISHER moved— " That an address be presented to His Excellent the Governor, praying HiB Excellency to declan Wandeaiah, in the Electoral District of Stanley, a polling-place." He said the senior member 'for Stanley, at whose request he moved the motion, had assured him that fifty persons would at present be accom modated, that the district was growing rapidly, ?no that the nearest polling-place was fully fifteen miles distant. Carried. ' POLLING-PLACE AT MORGAN. The Hon. J. PEARCE moved— " That an address be presented to His Excellence the Governor, praying His Excellency to issue e proclamation declaring Morgan to be a polling place for the District of Light." Be said the nearest polling-place to the important and rising township of Morgan was at Blanche town, thirty-two miles away. Several hundreds were now being Burveyed and Morgan would soot become the centre of a large population. The district was growing so much that in the nex: Electoral Bill the District of Light would probabl\ have to be divided and the locality of which Morgan formed the centre would then form par of the new district. Carried. MOONTA BAY RAILWAY BILL. The Moonta Bay Railway Bill passed through its remaining stages. CROWN LANDS BILL Consideration in Committee of reason of House of Assembly for . disagreeing to one of the amend ments made by the Council. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. MorgaD) moved that the amendment, which was to leave out the proviso to clause 37, be not insisted on. I: was impossible for the Government to accept the amendment, and the House of Assembly evidently would not. The other House had accepted the other amendments, and the compromise would be a fair one if this were net Passed. The' Hon. H. SCO '. T hoped the Council would insist on the amendment. One great point had been lost sight of,- namely, that an ordinary lessee could make improvements without the consent of his landlord while a pastoral tenant waB not in the same position. Besides it should not be for gotten that the Government could resume the land when they liked and that they need not do so unless it suited them. Those interested in squat-. ting in that Council had shown every desire to meet the Government, and it would be the fault of the Government if the Bill were rejected because of tbe retention of this proviso. The Hon. B. C. BA.K1SB said he would vote with the Hon. H. Scott. He believed that if the pro viso were retained it would be detrimental to the interests of pastoral -settlement; There were several persons under the impression that thi would only relate to leases granted aftei the expiration of- the '.present ones. Bu: this was not so. Clause 36 provided that the Commissioner might. grant leases of land not within the limits of the first schedule, the hist schedule included all the land from the :>lack line to the northern boundary oftbi province, and tbe land not included meant the whole of tbe colony south of the black line. Thi \--comprised all the land that was capable .of being stocked with sheep within the next tweoty years He would not be sorry as he had said if the Council agreed to the amendment. The.Hon. E. A. TA&LTON; said since the House had been sitting he had consulted the Commis sioner of Crown Lands on the subject of the construction placed on clauses 36 and 37. He had pointed out on a former occasion that if the view: he then held was correct the proviso was a ver> ibscrd one. but he thought he was wrong; and if vhat the iion. J. Crozier had said and which the Commissioner of Crown ; Lands galBo said was" correct, and he believed it was, the proviso was s very good one. Nearly all the land sputh of the - black, line was at present leased, and when these eases expired they would be dealt with under present conditions, and it would be in . utore leases that the Commissioner had a right' o claim notice of improvements, and that was hr bought only fair. He thought hon..members were wrong in thinking that the lessees between the red nd black lines would go under the.new Bill. He would not, but in spite of the opinion held by some, he would be inclined to do so for land to the north ;' of the black line. - The Hon. J. FISHER asked if the hon. member ■ had a right to vote when he'declared himself , interested oh both sides of this line. The Hon. J. CROZtER, thought if this proviso were passed the improvements they had made nside the black line wouM not be paid for. The CHIEF. SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) pointed, out that the case was governed by the' previous section. - Tbe'Hon. J. CROZIER thought it should be left to. the lessee to make the improvements he thought' best. He would as soon seethe. iMituroanout as containing this proviso. ■ . . The Hob. C. B. YOUNG thought that the Fob.' R. A. Tarltqn was in error in thinking .no le sea eohjjipf the hSftfk line would be transferred %.der | [ the consohdaWd Act, but that wasthe case and on them the Commissioner's^ pennissiati would be required for the making of improvments. He thought it would have been, much more simpleto have had one Bill de aling altogether with land north of the blade link" (Hear; hem:) He would be sorry for the sake of Hub amendment to see the *BSD^e°l^m^*HOGABTH thought it mattered not what they passed, for if the Government were not to be bound by the clauses of a lease they would be bound by nothing. After making this Bill retrospective it mattered not a straw what they did one yean for it might be undone in the next. The PRESIDENT with regard to the point that had been raised by the Hon. J. Fisher had con sulted "May." On July 17,1811, the rule was laid down as follows:—"In the Commons it is a dis tinct rule that no member who has a direct pecuniary interest in a question shall be allowed to vote upon it; bnt in order to operate as a disquali fication this Interest - muBt be immediate and personal and not merely of a general or remote description. On July 17, 1811, the rule was thus explained by Mr. Speaker Abbott: —'This interest must be a direct pecu niary interest and separately belonging to the persons whose votes were questioned and not in common with the rest of His Majesty's subjects or on a matter of State policy.' ThiB opinion was given upon a motion for disallowing the votes of the Bank Directors upon the Gold Coin Bill, which was afterwards negatived without a division." He thought it was competent for the hon. member to vote. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) reminded the Council that this country com prised principally what wonld fall into the hands of the Government in 1S88 when a large number of leases expired, and it was the object of the Govern ment to cut them up into smaller leases. ' It was fair that if improvements were made upon these the Commissioner of Crown Lands should have notice of them. The Hon. R. C. BAKER said the. Government might mean to do certain things, but all he could say was that there was not. a single word in this or the-otber clause making them expressly or implied refer to leases granted after "the expiration of the present leases. The Hon. H. SCOTT said tins dealt with a large area of land between the black and red lines, especially on the west coast, which was not yet settled, and that would require to he settled before .they could go further into the interior, for country that was worthless was not fit to drive sheep over for any distance. The two clauses referred to were very indistinct and if they passed them in the present form they would be very difficult to work. He would again call the Chief Secretary's attention to the fact that the Government in paying compensation wonld only have to do so for such wells and dams as .increased the carrying capabilities of the country. The Hon. H. KENT HUGHES endorsed what the Hon. H. Scott had said as to the Commissioner of-Crown Lands only being liable to pay for wells and dams that increased the carrying capabilities of the country, and'for such dams it was most fair that compensation should be given. The Hon. R. A. TARLTON had been given to understand from the remarks of the Commissioner of Crown Lands on the second reading of the Bill-in another place that the Government had purposely excluded the western portion of the country from lease for the present and intended seeking for water upon it. If they found water it. would then be leased under the more advantageous conditions to the State" arising from that discovery. But the country south of the black line he was assured was all leased, and it must fall out before it would come under these conditions. The Hon. J. CROZIKR said some of these leases had only three years to run. The motion of the Chief Secretary was then declared carried. The Hon. H. SCOTT called for a division Ates, 10—Sir H. Ayers, Hons. Campbell, Hodg kiss, Duffield, Hay, Pearce, Santo, Sandover, Tarlton, and the Chief Secretary (teller). - Hoes, 7—Hons, Baker, Crozier, Fisher, Hughes, Hogarth, Young, and Scott (teller). Majority of 3 for the Ayes. The Council resumed and the resolution was reported. On the motion for the adoption of the report, The Hon. A. HAT said the clauses were so vague he would have liked to see a new Bill, but rather than take the responsibility of throwing out the measure, which contained valuable provisions, he had voted with the Government The Hon. B. C. BAKER pointed out that according to a paper laid on the table the increase in the value of land after it was resumed and re-leased was enormous. In the hands of tht Education Council j£14,5G0 had been received for what biought the Government in only £557. This fact would be a great temptation to impecunious Governments—and all Governments were so—to resume largely. The report was adopted. LAND AND PEOFEETY TAX BILL Adjourned debate on the second reading fcir H. AYEKS said if be occupied the attention of the Council longer than it was his custom ui the present occasion he would have to claim thi indulgence of the Council in consequence of tin importance of the measure and his desire to plact upon record bis reasons for the vote which h< would give upon it. He could not congratuiatt the Chief Secretary upon the manner in wbiclt h had introduced the Bill to the Council. He hat utterly failed to show any reason for the B;i becoming law. He needed no other material ihsi he hen. member had furnished to show conclu sively that this Bill was not required and that tin Chief Secretary had made out no case for tin measure. Not only that, but the lion, membr. had exhibited a want of tact which li did not generally show in making allusion to charges which he did not think would have been brought against him on this occasion if he had not referred to them. He began his speech by say >Dg "that amongst the numerous charges which had been preferred against the present Govern ment a strong one was that they had been always anxious to urge fresh taxation. He thought hon. members who had studied the events of the last few years, as he was sure all of them had, would not charge the Government with anything of the kind." The strength of the charge against the Cuief Secretary and his colleagues was its truthfulness. It6 strength was equal to its truthfulness. It was most true. During the last three years the Chief Secretary had taken every opportunity in office or out of office to attempt to thrust taxa tion oh the people. Three years ago, when he enjoyed the same position as now, he brought forward a Succession and Stamps Bill, which the Council rejected for the same reason, as he hoped tbey. would reject the present Bill, 'namely, that taxation was not required. (Hear, hear.) A special session of Parliament took place and the Bill was passed again—again with the same result. Then the Chief Secretary retired from the Government, but Mr. Boucaut continued in office, and in 1876 he propounded half a dozen different schemes of taxation. However he did not retain hiB position, and the Government that succeeded earned out the works which Mr. BOucaut said he could not carry out without taxation. They carried these and other public works out without taxation. In February, 1877, the Chief Secretary addressed his constituents while the . Government of which he (Sir H. Ayers) was a member were jit office. The hon. member pointed out that it was impossible to go on without fresh taxation. But the Government did go on -They introduced' tbeir Estimates and had partly passed them when the present Chief Secretary again took office.' Be adopted their policy and went into recess without fresh taxation, thus admitting that it was not necessary. When Mr. Boncaut ad-, dressed the electors of Encounter Bay some new light-appeared to be dawning on the Government and he trimmed a little, saying that taxation was not necessary, but that if he found it necessary afterwards he would propose it. That was only what any Government would do. Nothing wa said abc-ut taxation when the Government met Parliament. It was a misfortune for the Chiel Secretary that certain sections of the Press adopted hjs previous views that taxation was necessary, . and that .they now kept urging it ou the Govern . meet. so that- he was now impel'ed by the Press rather than his- own judgment. This only showed. the Chief Secretary what might be the result of his adopting the support of journalists instead of being guided by his own sense of what was right. (The Hon. J. Fisher—"Hear, hear.") The hon. member had asked the.. Council, to consider the Bill on its merits. The fact was it had no merits. (Laughter) The Chief >ecrefaiy said it was not a perfect measure. Why it was not intelligible. The hon. member did no himself attempt to explain it. Be read the three schedules, but never pointed out the effect of the Bill or that it would tax the right people. Be found the same absence of -information in tht Treasurer's speech in another place. Lucid as the Treasurer could be, and generally was, there was no more light to be got from his speech than from that of .the Chief Secretary, which was the worst he bad heard him make in that Council. The Chief Secretary-gave two reasons for the Bill. The first was that he believed it could be shown that there was a deficiency, and secondly that the incidence of taxation was not as fair as it was possible to make it. Was the Council then on a mere -belief that it was -possible to show a deficiency to pass a Bui to tax the community? The Chief. Secretary did not go into the question of the incidence of taxation, and he would not do so . on that occasion. But did the Chief . Secretary Show any deficiency? He talked of a possible deficiency of £200,600. It had been spoken of in another place as a deficiency upon paper. He did not think we need alarm ourselves about deficiencies on paper. Until actual deficien cies arose we might laugh-at those on paper. The Chief Secretary aid not mention that the Assembly had passed a resolution declaring that taxatibn'fdr revenue purposes was unnecessary. No doubt the resolutions passed in another plac 3 were brought forward to enable certain hon. members to redeem their promises—inconsiderately made in many cases—to the electors that they would take steps to readjust the incidence of taxation. (Bear, hear,) .tad having .flquaredtheir consciences with : upon iheTaMtionBifl as one of those measures ' that were sent to the Council for the purpose of being thrown out. This Bill rested on whether aigr revision of the Customs tariff ever took place. It was putting the cart before the horse. (Hear, hear, j Suppose " it should turn out that the incidence of taxation was readjusted, it did not follow that any loss of revenue would take place. And supposing there should be any deficiency ? Was there no other way of making it. up but by increased taxation! He could Bhow at least five different wayB of meeting any such con tingency when it arose—for be did not amit there was any need' at present. The Chief Secretary rested a great deal upon that question that had been argued ad nauseam—namely, unexpended balances. The hon. member had reserved himself to show that the balances were actual liabilities. The name "unexpended balances" was a mis nomer. The English interpretation of the words would lead one to suppose that " unexpended balances" meant cash left in hand and not spent. But that was not what was meant. They were sums authorised to he expended and not expended but which were likely to be required during the current year, and a memorandum to that effec was made. Strictly speaking they were not liabili ties at all. They were merely the ghosts or shadows of liabilities. They were-not liabilities that the Government could be" called on to pay. and some of- which were brought for ward year after year and never incurred at alL Bonuses for instance were offered, and not being claimed they were Tenewed from year to year and then dropped. Sometimes the unexpended balances represented stores bought aud not paid for and not consumed. In many instances so far from swelling the requirements of the following year they reduced them. The only object of bringing the unexpended balances forward was that the Treasurer might know what there was to provide for during the next financial year.. By division: C of the paper which the Chief Secretary referred to it would be seen that at the close of the last thrto financial years the Treasurer had an absolute cash balance. He could therefore afford to leave these ghosts of liabilities. On June SO, 1876, there was a credit balance of £i 59,300; in Jane, 1877; £75,591; and in June, 1878, £44,907. The value of knowing what the unexpended balances were was to provide for them in -the Snpply Bill of the following year. It was well known that m the Imperial Par liament not a sixpence was allowed to be brought iutnciu uvrn uuc jcoi i.u tuc ut!lCl'« *f UiMcVtir ; was not spent at the {end of the financial year absolutely lapsed and required to be revoted again. That was what ought to ;be done in this colony. (The Hon. J. Fisher—" Hear, hear.") It would be an economical process. (Hear, hear.) There was a great inclination to lavish expenditure on the part of heads of departments if they could get the money. (Hear, hear.) They liked to have the items brought forward. He believed that many times the -Ministers could strike off these unex pended balances as not being required; but an officer did not like this, as it was in some measure a reflection on his previous estimate. It would be a good thing to have no unexpended balances at all. What had been spent we could account for. It wonld he well to look next- year in the face and to have no arrears at all. (Hear, hear.) The Treasurer the other day debited a cash account with £76,047 when-something like £150,000 was expended in order to make the account appear better. Such a Treasurer need not be over sensitive ,about a few authorised votes not ex pended. The Chief Secretary said he believed it could be shown there was a deficiency. If by that be meant that all the money voted by Parlia ment this session would not be expended on June SO next he believed him. If by that he also meant that the sums authorised to be spent and not spent would amount to more than the cash balance in the Treasurer's hands he believed that too. But was that tbe cause for increased taxation! Was that a matter they should anticipate seven months beforehand by a Bill of that character? Surely not. Tbe-Chief Secretary either proved too much or too little. If there was a deficiency he proved too much, becausehe ought not to go into recess. It was not constitutional for a Government to go into recess with a deficiency. (Laughter.) He also proved that if there was a deficiency this Bill would not make it good. He had closed the Com mittee of W ays and Means in another place and the Appropriation Bill bad been passed. The sooner hon. members were sent away the better. He did not know that the Chief Secretary had any right to he in his place in the Council after the Appropriation Bill had been passed. Directly not h Houses passed that Bill they accepted the position. Tbe Government had accepted the position by accepting tbe present supplies, and there was nothing to prevent them asking His Excellency to come down at once and send hon. members abont their business, and he would not blame them for doing so. This Bill would give them nothing. The Treasurer said that as far as he was able to judge the Bill would bring in £75,000 or £80.000. The Chief Secretary hinted at a deficiency of £204,000. The Assembly on the other hand had affirmed that no fresh taxation for revenue purposes was necessary. Where were we now on November 26 with five mouths of the financial year gone past? Would the Chief Secretary say there was any deficiency of actual revenue to meet actual expenditure during the past five months? He knew the Treasurer acknowledged that on September 30 he had £43,470 cash in hand. Then what right had wc to exptct that there would be any deficiency at the tsuu ui luu ucal seven moniusi xuese monuis weie < 11 the average more productive of revenue than the other five mouths.. He was much grieved to hear the Chief Secretary make one statement which he hoped he would recant. It was as follows:—"fle did not say the coIodj was bankrupt; but if we were to pay oil our liabilities and carry on government upon sound principles the time had come for the imposition of freEb taxation." (The Chief Secretary—"Hear; bear.") That waB a most unfair and damaging statement to go forth to the world. It was a libel on the colony to use the word " bankrupt" in con nection with our liabilities. The only liabilities we posseEsed -were the bonded debt, which could not be claimed till it was due. Would the Chief Secretary say theie was a single liability that we could not meet at present ? He challenged him to. do so. Then what had we to pay off? The Chief Secretary was carrying on the government at the present time without taxation—whether on" sound principles or not he would not say. (Laughter.) He hoped the boa. member would either recant or medify his statement, which was not likely to improve our drooping credit—which had drooped not because cf anything we had done but because the other colonies were going in for heavy loans and because of the disturbed state of the money market.. What too did the Chief Secretary mean by the following statement:—" It was not proposed that all this accumulation of' arrears should be met in one year, but that a certain-proportion of this increased income should be devoted to the extinguishing of this deficiency and that a portion should be devoted to there arrangement and simplification of the. tariff and to the equalisation of the burdens of taxation." What he would like to know were the accumula tion of arrears? There were none. Be challenged the Chief Secretary to prove that there were. The Hon. the Chief Secretary had said that their tariff was not one to be proud of and had inti mated that it would he desirable to assimilate it to that of New South Wales. It must not he thought however that if that were done our Customs revenue would greatly fall off! On the contrary we should be great gamers. Take sugar for instance. Although Hew South Wales was tailed a free-trade colony it did not object to protect its home-grown sugar with a duty of £5 per ton—(Hear, hear)— whereas we were content with £3 per ton. By assimilation therefore the revenue of Sonth Aus tralia would gain to the extent of £2 on every ton ' ot sugar imported. In the same way with-regard to kerosine. We charged 3d. and Hew South Wales €d. per gallon. In that respect also we should be -gainers. - Bags and cornsacks were also charger1, the former at 3d. and the latter at 6d. per dozen in Sonth Australia and Is. a dozen all round in Hew South Wales. He believed, however it .would be a . very long time before the ' tariff's of ihe (wo colonies would be assimilated. It wonld he very difficult as he knew from personal expe- " rience to induce the Hew South Wales people to reduce their duties from £5 to £3 per ton on sugar, and he was sure that on the other hand the work ing tuen of South Australia would cot view with favour the-raising of our duties on sugar to the amcuut set down in the Hew South Wales tariff! '(Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary had said that the expenditure proposed-was not all for expensive establishments. If it was' riot for-that purpose what was it for? Our expenditure on establish men's bad increased from £657,000 odd in 1874-5 to £1,050,000 odd in 1878 9, or.an increase'of £400,00" infour years. (Hon. B. C. Baker—" Including the interest on- bonds?") The interest on bonds was not-included in that amount. If the comparison were carried two years further back it would be seen that the increase in the cost' of establishments had amounted in sixandahaIfyearito£693,72412s. 34. In 1872 the expenditure amounted to about £1,000 a day in round figures, and the estimate for 1878-9 came to nearly three times that, or £3.000 a day. (Hear, hear.) The Hon. the Chief Secretary had said that the Bill was drawn with the greatest care;,by a very experienced draftsman, Dir. Bake well, and. he: could himself confirm the Chief Secretary's testimony as to Mr. Bakewell's ability, but he had yet _ to learn that the clever drafts -manship of a Bill was a reason why it shohld be passed, although- the-'- Chief Secretary 'seemed scarcely to have advanced any better onei The hori. gentl eman had particularly contented' himself on, th e int rc duction of the Bill - with , reading . the schedules in the Bill, from the third of which by the way it wou'd he seen that a merchant wo rld be mulcted in 1} per cent on all the unsaleable goods he might have in bisposressioh. Hehoped that writers in the public Presswould point out to the farmers that every, reaping machine-sndalj: implements of industry ^onld be liable to taza< lion, and that they would tell the other^people who would have to pay taxes bow they would be effected. .(Hear, -hear.) ,-His own impression, gatheredfrbmrepretontattdns made to him personally by; peppleianxipUB -t<r secure information about the proposed Bill, was that the general- public had ndt -the slightestidea of what the practical efiect of the pror visions Of the Sill would-be. (Hear, hear.) The Chief Secretary bad madeailuaon to the practice known as "killing a squatter," and that expression when made use of was generally received with laughter; but the fact-was that whenever the Government was skort of money the squatters were short of money too, and- whenever the squatters had most generally exercised their dis position to pnrchase property it had been when the Government had been pretty full of money, la 1861,1865, and 1866 therejiras a cryof " Unloekthe lands," and the Government tried to do -so by resuming it from the pastoral lessees; -but the pastoral lessees and the lahdjobbers were too much for the fanner, and as much as £8 per acre was paid rather than that the properties should be interfered with. The result was Strangways Bill and the beginning of selection and settlement* During those years when-the largest'amount of property was soid the balance in the hands of the? Government varied from .£350,009 to -£450,000.. That money was lent by the Government to the= Banks,'who re-lent it to the squatter, and thus the ame thing went on here/ as operated in New r onth Wales on a larger scale. That was. -the reat history of the process known as "killing, a squatter." The Chief Secretary, had shown no necessity for the Bill, but if any deficiency should erise there were fivewaysin which it might - be met. First there were the receipts from the credit -s. lectioriB, which were increasing enormously, as was shown by the statistical-paper marked I), from which it appeared the receipts under this head for 1879-80 would exceed those of 1878-9 by £155,646 15s.; that the excess -in 1880-1 would. be £312,218 6s. 9ii, and in the year 1881-2 £539,20412s. 6d. over 1878\. (Bear, hear.) Secondly, there was the landk Department, and in reference to that point he would state that two departments, the; Forest Board and the Council bf Education, had had about a quarter of a million of acres of land given. to .them, which produced a revenue to those' two departments of £19,350 as 'against £12,000 which the Government received for the many millions of ' acres of land unsold within hundreds.; The third safeguard againEt a probable deficiency was the elasticity of the levecue. In 1872 it was £697,442: in 1878-9 it was estimated at £1^672,841. That was a leap acd a bound with a vengeance. Fourthly, a great deal might be done by judicious, retrenchment. (Hear, hear.) Fifthly and lastly, the railways could be made to contribute a fair share towards the cost of their construction. It appeared that a revenue.of £300,000 wasexpected as againBt an expenditure of £273,852, bo that there was thus an apparent prpfit of £27,0110; bub he would repeat that that profit wasunly apparent,, hecausetbere was a provision in the Loan Bill for £273,000 required to be borrowed for {latching the railways up. Ho stronger objection could be raised to the Bill than.that it was altogether unnecessary. To pass it would'simply be to placeiin the hands: of the Government a great power for extravagant expenditure, and he would therefore move that, the Bill be read a second time that day sis. months. (Hear, hear.) Tfie Hod. H. sCOTT -fclid with regard to the point raised by Sir H.Ayera relative to the com paratively large revenue .realised by laud when it passed out of the hands,of the Government thatr that arose "from the fact" that the Government lands were liable t» resumption at short notice as regards a great poition of it, and as regards tbe rest that it was simply held under commonage, rights. That was an argument for giving longer tenure. The main objection he himself felt to the Bill was its partiality. If the Chief Secretary had introduced a Bill which would have taxed all hinds of income he would have supported it. He dick not desire to avoid a tax on property, but he: thought it was unfair that, the struggling trades man compelled to borrow a large amount of capital to carry gd his business should be taxed wnile brokers or members of the medical profes sion who might have much larger incomes would escape altogether. If the Government next session introduced a Bill for the taxation of all real, property either alcce or accompanied by provision for the taxation of all incomes he would vote for it~ The Bon. J. FISHER would not occupy much of the time of the Council because so many (of the arguments he bad intended to advance against the Bill bad been anticipated by Sir Henry Ayers. who had brought fom atd a great deal of most valuable statistical information in support of the views he had advanced. lie was more than ever convinced that the hon. gentleman was much more useful to the country out of office' than ; in office—(Hear, hear)—and a he was thoroughly prepared to follow his lead in the present matter. Tte Chief Secretary had made the veiy weakest speech lie had ever heard from a. Minister introducing a Bill of this nature. Possibly the Chief Secretary intended to reserve the bulk of bis arguments until he had " heard what his oppo nents had got to say against the Bill, as he had done recently in the case of another measure. That was what had been done on the previous occasion and v hat would very likely be done on this occasion. If not there were very scant argu ments before them on which the Council were to» arrive at a decision on such an important measure. Be had to say that he rose for the purpose of seconding the amendment of Sir H. Ayers that the Bill be read a second time that day six months. The Chief Secrctarv had divided his subject into two heads fmt a defi iency" in the revenue, and Eecondly the necessity of altering the incidence of taxation. In his opraioh~the hon. member had made out no fair case of a deficiency in the revenue, and as to the incidence of taxation, when be came to that he was like the Scotch minister who when be came to the thirdly found that it had gone out of the. west window and that he had nothing to say about it. He had not proved that the inciderce of taxation sat unfairly on the people of the province. He of cohrse had said that he did not hope tc convince: the Hon. Mr. -Fisher, but he ought not. to have been deterred from that court e from proving-the. logicalneEB of his position. Hot one word had been said to proye the uniformness of. tbe incidence of taxation on the working classes of the provinee. With regard: to tbe deficiency in the revenue, Sir Henry Ayers bad clearly shown that it did not exist—(Hear, hear)—and when they saw how elastic the revenue of the colony had been during 4he last few years be would not be one to vote for fresh taxatian Thpv found that in the vear 1872 the revenue was. ££97,442, while in: six years afterwards it had increased1 to nearly £1,6(0,000. Seeing Buchan increase in the revenue of the colony in six years the House should hesitate before it authorised increased taxation. If an increase of fully a million in six years in the' revenue was not enough for all our purposes he would he no party to raising more revenue; and whenlthey considered that in regard-to borrowing money for public works, paltry little sums of a thousand or two thousand pounds were put into theLdan Bill he did not think it at all creditable to the. colony. The Chief Secretary had made a great mistake he was sure in saying that £26,300 represented the cost of increasing the Civil Service. (Sir hL Ayers —"'Not of one department.'?) He either knew that that did not include the salaries paid out of loans or he ought to have known it. The Chief Secietafy said if hon. members did not wish money spent on railways and other public works they would vote against the Bill; but that wasail nonsense. Considering that' in the last Bix years the revenue had increased by a million,- ana that £250,000 .would be enough to pay the difference in interest upon loans, what became of the other three-quarters of a. million? :It must be .wasted and thrown away somewhere; and that was the only conclusion to be arrived at when they found that small unimportant, matters whichshould .be paid for out of the ordinary revenue were put down in the Loan Bill. With regard to the incidence of-taxation. be had read it in the Press-for years and beard it stated by leading members of "Parlia ment for years that tbe incidence of taxation eat unfairly-upon the working classes of the colony r but be did not believe a word -of-it. Tliey never heard such a statement froth the working men themselves; they sever had a-petition presentedio tbem on the subject; and so long as the-working: classes-had full employment ana the wages thev received were such as they were getting at the nresent time tbey never would hear from them sucli a fancy grievance. He did not believe that any man in that Council or anywhere else coald show that the incidence of taxation eat unfairly on the' working classes, and on the contrary he thought the very 'opposite was the fact. How were thry unfairly placed or how did they unfairly pay? No one had attempted to show that, not: even the Chief Secretary-or the Press that backed him up. The only things upon which the working: man paid thus were Iris: spirits and tobacco,, and. no member of the Council wonld think that it would be to the interest of the working man to take these duties off. The sameaxnonntof money would be spent by him on these commodities if they were- rendered cheaper and more injury would be donehim. These were-the only Bunga on which the working classeb :paid .more than their fair .share,, but .people of means who spent in proportion to tngir income .paid at every turn. If people; of means got a piano, or a set-of .bowls. or a carriage, or any article of furniture or of clothing introduced from Europe of' elsewhere they had to.pay'-pp all through the Ctistoms. He considered that he paid more than hif fair proportion of the revenue^ of the country, aQ,d it was impnBsible to showtbat the same was thp cake; with the working mam- And be-did not say that jhat shon'd. not be so., : £ut let them take every case of .a man of means; EvBty.<party he gave represented * large part of the taxation of the country on Lis winiB and on the dress and alt er things there. But of this the working classes knew nothing. No one made an assertion of this state of things hat politicians who., dangled, the idea before their eyes fortheirown purposes, and they had failed to show that there was a bit of truth in the statements they made. He was pre pared to assist the Chief Secretary to assimilate oar tariff to the free-trade tariff of New South Wales; but first he wished to see what we were to get By it and what would be effected by making the change. The sugar duties were higher in New South Wales than here, and he did not think that it would suit the working men to raise the duty on sugar double. The same was the case in regard to kerosine. Then let them take the case of the farmers. The Chief Secretary had pointed out that bags were taxed much more largely in New South Wales than here. Would farmers in this country be content for the sake of assimilating our tariff to that of New South Wales that they should have to pay a largely increased tax to the revenue of the country ? They were therefore justified in asking the Chief Secre tary not to ask them to alter the incidence of taxation till he could show them what the change would be. He did not think that hon. members in the Council would agree to give him a certain amount of money in the first place and let him do what he liked at some future time to alter the incidence of taxation. The hon. member had expressly agreed to a resolution that taxation was not required for progressive revenue, and that cnt down the arguxent of the hon. member that it was wanted to make up a deficiency. In putting that before them they had only the second point to consider, namely,that the incidence of taxation should be altered. As regards the incidence of taxation be was opposed to the Chief Secretary as to the passing of the Bill. With Tegard to the question of unexpended balances he quite agreed with Sir H. Avers that it would he much better for the country if the unexpended balances were not brought forward— if special votes of money not spent in one session were not brought over to the next but had to be repassed—as he thought -that would be the means of saving the country a great deal of money. The tendency of varicus Governments in tms country had been to drop into useless expenditure. That was a tendency that be did not blame the present Government for more than other Governments, hut nobody could look through the Estimates year by year without seeing how enormously they were increasing. There were various ways in which the Government if they chose could cut their coat according to their cloth and bring their expendi ture down to suit their income. There were grants-in-aid that might be struck off which were absurd arid would never be neard or in the British Parliament, as for instance the grant to the Bush men's Club. It was quite right of philanthropic Seoole to step forward and establish a place where ashmen might be well lodged at a cheap rate, but what right had the Government to subsidise such a club as that any more than the club on North terrace? Then there was the £50,009 to Corpora tions and District Councils. He was sure rather than be taxed in the way proposed here aid have to pay one shilling in the pound as rates directly to the Corporations the people would much rather pay two shillings in the pound at once and save the outlay for collection of the amount that was paid over by the Government. (Hear, hear.) If the Government for a time dropped the practice of making things pleasant and took prompt actiqp the expenditure might be very considerably re duced in this way. The grants to Corporations could be used and were used to get many works carried ciit that only benefited certain individuals. He was sure that this extra taxation was not re quired at all, and he hoped that the majority of the Council would say so too. What was to become of the £3,090,000 or £4 000,000 of money coming to the Government during the next three or four years from the Crown Lands? If a portion of it was not to be devoted to this purpose what was to be done with it? When all our lands within a moderate distance of the sea board were disposed of what were we to do if we coula not get on with our present revenue? We would then be more highly taxed than any other country that he knew of. He hoped that the Council would say that they would not have fresh taxation, as he was sure that the Government would manage very well without it. Ji on the other hand they largely increased the revenue now, by the next three years the ideas of the Government would be enlarged and they would be demanding more taxation, and they would then have stamp taxes, income taxes, and all sorts of objectionable taxes proposed. He trusted that the majority of the Council would refuse to pass the Bill. The Hon. J. PEABCE said the Chief Secretary had announced additional taxation as the keynote of bis poiicy when he was before the country, aud following him at of coarse a considerable dis tance he (the Hon. J. Pearcel had announced that he was opposed to additional taxation for pnr Soses of revenue, and on that he considered he ad won his election. However the public Press of the colony and some clever men who gave themselves credit for a style of financing that he fairly admitted was too deep for him to under stand—and he believed led tnem out of their own depth—had led him to look carefully at the statistics of the colony. And the more he studied them the more he became convinced that there never was a period in the history of South Aus tralia when fresh taxation was more uncalled for. He held that the only proper time to call for fresh taxation was when the country was prostrate and when it could not he advanced without increased taxation. And who could come to any other con clusion _ at the present time than that South Australia was as prosperous as any country upon God's earth ? He found that in all departments of the State there was a rapid improvement and that for revenue purposes proper we were in a much better position than we had ever been in before. In looking into this matter his thoughts had led him in precisely the same direction that Sir H. Ayers had been led, and the exhaustive speech of tnat hon. member had left nothing to be said against the Bill, while he did not think there was much to be said on the other side. He had intended to confine himself to one subject, that of railways. On that Sir H. Ayers said that his Government had been turned out of office because they had endeavoured to make the railways pay a fair income. He thought that the income that the railways paid was a very good one and that it was in the expenditure that the saving might have been effected. Hon. members who had quoted the figures with regard to the railways bad begun with 1868 and included 1878 and 1S79. nc inuugm mat naraty iair, as tne years previous to 1870 were poor years and the last was a very flourishing one. Therefore he had taken the years 1870 and 1877. He found that in the former Sear the number of passengers carried by the Port ne were 263,051 and in 18771,341,693. while in the former year the goods carried were 49,293 tons and in the latter 109,211 tons. The receipts in 1870 were £15,247 8s. 3d. and in 1877 £37,756 8s. 3d. On the Adelaide, Kapunda, and Burra line in 1870 the number of passengers carried was 89.772 and 100,619 tons of goods, the total receipts being £50,925 15s. 5d. In 1S77 185,712 passengers were carried, 183,476 tons of goods, and the total receipts amounted to £123.913. Even on the Strathalbyn, Goolwa, and Victor Harbour Tramway, which had been looked upon as a miserable line, there had been be was glad to see a great improve ment in revenue and business. In 1871, tlie first year after it came again into the hands of the _ Government, there were 8,068 passengers carried, while in 1877 that number had in creased to 31,136, and the total receipts bad increased from £3,930 6s. to £5.258 6s. 83. As a proof that be did not unfairly quote those figures he might say that the year previous to that to which he had referred the receipts were only £1,800 odd, whereas in 1877 they came to £5,25S. On the Port Wakefield and Hoyleton line there had been an increase in the same satisfactory way. In 1871 the number of pas&engers; carried was 1.310. In 1877 it was 4,236, and the receipts were £5,055 10s. 10d. in 1877 as against £4,291 8s.. 9d. in 1871, not withstanding the failure in the harvest. (Hear, bear.) He considered that the receipts were as go. d as could be expected; but the lines could only pay under a more economical management than at present existed. (Bear, hear.) Our sources of income in other directions were also very satisf ac toryCustoms in 1870, £188,000; 1877, £491,020. Licences, 1S70, £13.000; 1877. £15 000. Postages, 1870, £30,000; 1877. £62.000. Sales of Government property, 1870, £17,000; 1877, £40,030. He bad made no attempt to pick out years specially favourable to his argument, and it was there fore very satisfactory to observe the pro gress made from year to year in every branch of the revenue. The increase iu our expenditure had however been enormous and as it had been pointed-out by Sir Henry Ayers had trebled itself between the years 1872-3 and 1878-9. He intended to vote against the Bill, believing that the bulk of the community and particularly the fanning portion of it was strongly opposed to further taxation for revenue purposes. The Hon. C. B. YOUNG said the Chief Secretary bad rather claimed their sympathies in having to bring forward an unpopular Taxation BilL He him self thought that every credit was due to a Go vernment which had the courage to bring forward an unpopular measure when they sincerely believed it to be for the good of the country, and he hoped the day was far distant when any Govern ment would be in office that would hesitate to bring forward any Bill which they believed to be necessary for the general welfare. At the same time he did not support the Bill now before the, Counci'. He would freely admit that property was greatly benefited by the large expenditure on public works, and there fore if taxation were necessary for such works it might fairly fall on property. But his view of the position waB this. If a man came to Mm and claimed tot he recouped for a large amount expended for jbis benefit there would be good ground for the claim; but if the man said that he proposed tp spend a large sum, part of which would be epeut in tent filing the person from whom he claimed to be recouped and part for other puiposes, some further and detailed information would have to be furnished. Such was the case here: they were told first that there was a deficiency caused to a great extent by the expenditure on public works; and second that the incidence of taxation was to be readjusted; but they had no information as to what the nature of the readjustment would be. He quite agreed with Sir H. Ayere saying that this Bill shonld come into operation after the alteration of the incidence of taxation was patting the cart before the horse. With regard to the incidence of taxation, it had not been shown that the poor man paid more than the rich man. fie quite agreed in the view token by the Hon. J. Fisher that the propertied classes paid as much as the working classes. If it ceufd he shown that it were not so he was quite sure no one would object to the readjustment of taxation. The Chief Secre tary had said that the taxation was not immediately necessary. If so that would be a very good reason for putting it off—(Hear, hear)—but if the Govern ment could bring down a Bill next session and show that there was any necessity for increased taxation, or that taxation could be in any way readjusted so as to relieve the working man or to bring our Customs tariff into better accord with that of the other colonies, he thought it would be favourably received by hon. members. No neces sity had however been shown for the Bill now before the Council, fie supposed it would be said if the Bill were rejected that it was because hon. members represented the propertied classes, whose pockets would he affected by it—(Hon. W, Morgan —"Hear, hear")—but notwithstanding that ironical cheer he would repeat that the propertied classes would not object to pay what was fair, just, and honourable. (Hear, hear.) In the absence of any further information to show that the Bill was required it would meet with his opposition. • The Hon. A. HAT said he thought the Bill was a mistake. The present Ministry were a good bard-working set; but he was quite sure they would not remain long in office if the Bill passed. (Hear, hear.) fie was .always opposed to unnecessary changes in the Government, and his friendly feelings to the Ministry would induce him to oppose the passing of the measure now before the Council. (Laughter.) There would be a great public outcry if the Bill passed as soon as it became generally known what an expensive machinery would be necessary to collect the taxes proposed. (Hear, hear.) Out of the £70,000 proposed to be raised at least £10,000 would go in the cost of collection. (Hear, hear.) Now one of the first principles of English legislators, including Mr. Gladstone, who had been quoted in con nection with this matter, was that the revenue should be obtained in such a way as to yield the largest possible net gain to the Government - (Hear, hear)—and for that reason there was the greatest objection to the introduction of new machinery for taxation purposes. He had read certain words that had been spoken by the Hon. the Treasurer relative to the bad legislation of another colony: but "could we see ourselves as others see us?" He believed the taxation now pro posed would place the colony in even a m .rie objectionable position than the Victorians were said to be in in consequence of the action of their legislators. People coining to this colony would see that :they would have to state the amount of capital in their business and have it taxed, which would have a bad eff ect upon those intending to settle amongst us. It was said that it was pro posed to initiate an era of free trade; but as had been pointed out by Sir H. Ayers if the Customs tariff of this colony were assimilated to that of New South Wales the working men of this colony would be very great losers, lis himself liked free trade both in goods and in money, but if the Bill passed a tax would be put on all money sent out from Europe to be lent here. (Hear, hear.) The rate of interest in America was generally 12 to 15 per cent, as compared with 8 per cent, here, and the effect of the Bill if passed wouid be to considerably raise the rate of interest in this colony. It appeared by the schedule to the Bill that the expenditure on the Murray Customs Con vention was to be raised to £70,000. In his opinion it would do no barm if it were raised to £100,090. (Hear, hear.) The expenditure was one out of which this colony derived very large benefit. In regard to immigration, he believed that was a very desirable item of expenditure, as the immigrants soon paid for themselves in the amount of duty paying goods which they consumed. (Hear, hear.) Therefore if we were going to expend £80.000 it was to be supposed we should get £89,003 back again. The labour of these immigrants wouid increase our wealth and they would produce more revenue from Customs duties. He could go through other items and prove the same—the cost of sur veying far instance. If the land was to cost so much to survey it was expected to-be sold, and this would increase the revenue—the items mentioned in the schedule thoroughly disproved the necessity of tbis Bill. A very useful paper had been printed by order of the House of Assembly on the motion i of Mr. Coeke. The House number of it was 195. It showed the returns of Customs duties on various j articles. By this paper hoc. members would see | that the workiug men were not oppressed by the j Customs duties. The better class of goods brought : in tbe largest part of the revenue. Apparel and slops brought in £21,000. They might be assumed to be used by all classes. Eeer in bottles, £10,003; and in bulk, £3,0G0. This was not supposed to be used by the working classes, though he did not say it was not. (Laughter.) Boots and shoes, £9,000. This was principally for ladies' and fancy boots. Drapery paid about £30.000. It was charged 10 per cent, ad valorem, which was the fairest way, as the higher • class goods then bad to pay more than the cheaper articles. Dried fmits paid £IS,OCO; furniture, £5,003. It was to be assumed that the working classes generally were satisfied with with the furniture produced iu the colony. Spirits of various kinds brought iu about £100,000. That was a fair article to tax whether consumed by the working classes or the wealthy. (Hear, hear.) The same might be S3:.d in regard to ordinary wine at 4s. a gallon and sparkling wine at 6s. a gallon. He believed that with the tariff we had and with somethiug done to lessen our expenditure we might get on very well without additional taxation. If necessary to increase the revenue one or two articles might be more heavily taxed. This would be far better than introducing a new system which would entail an extra staff and we should continue our reputation of not being heavily taxed. If taxation could be shown to be necessary he would put it oa property and on profits but not on the amount of capital men might employ in business. It was well known that some young men began business with a few hundreds of pounds, and that being honest energetic men they were enabled to get on. Aud he would rather trust such men than those who had £5,000 capital and were reckless. But these men should not be compelled to disclose the amount of capital they had. He was opposed to the Bill first because taxation was not wanted, and secondly because of the inquisitorial nature of the provisions of the BilL He wanted to see the free trade in money which ought to exist in every country so long as it was not invested iu property. When it was so invested then let it be directly taxed. He would vote against the Bib, and in doing so he believed he was doing the Government and the country a great service. The Hon. W. SAHDOVER said there was a great deal of what was good in some of the argu ments used but there were many fallacies also. Tbe Hon. A. Hay said he would have money free but would tax property. He felt that of all combi nations that this colony suffered from the banking monopoly was one of the worst. (Cries of "Ho."') For a long time past it had been generally admitted that the incidence of taxation was unfair. Under the present system a man might be a millionaire and a raiser and he would pay no more to the government of the State than a poor man, thougn his property was constantly being improved b? the public works carried on. That was not fair. There was often glaring inconsistency in the conduct of Sir H. Ayers according to the side of the House on which he sat at the time. Only three years ago Sir B. Ayers said, "Increased taxation wa3 in evitable ; no saving in expenditure could be made to meet the case." Now the hon. member spoke on the other side. Three years ago he spoke of the incidence of taxation and of the pleasure it would give him to readjust the incidence of taxation, (SirH. Ayers—"If it were shown to be necessary.") The scheme which Sir Henry Ayers and his colleagues proposed had only added about .£8,000 to the revenue. He assisted to tax the dead man's property but had not the courage to tax the property of the living man. The present Government deserved credit for daring to do that. The present Bill was not altogether that of the Government, as it had to a great extent been modified in the House of Assembly. He would give it bis support, though it was crude in some points. He firmly believed in taxing property, and his impression was that the revenue derived under the Bill would not do more than meet the deficiency; but it would be the thin end of the wedge and a step in the right direc tion. He thought that the influence of the propertied classes had bad a goad deal to do with unsettling the state of affairs in Victoria, and he felt that if the Council rejected Bills of this kind it would involve serious consequences. He did not say this to coerce hon. members, but because it was his deep conviction. The Hon. J. CEOZIER would oppose the Bill, as it would be moBt injurious ta the interests of the colony. A great deal of capital would be withdrawn if the Bill passed and an attempt was made to tax it as proposed. He had yet to learn - that the working men objected to the-incidence of taxation. So far aB he had talked with them they were perfectly satisfied with the present tariff so long as they could get good employment. But even if taxation were necessary the scheme pro posed in the Eili was objectionable. We had to have a Commissioner of taxation to examin: our books and to enquire into our business affairs. That was 'most objectionable. No one denied that property would have to pay wheae rer it was required, and the property-holders would th»n he ready to do ro—(Hear, hear)—but if tHb Bill were passed he thought men of property would seek to leave- the country and take, their, property with them. The Hon. W. Sandover had said that the neighbouring colony had got into a state of confusion through "the action of the propertied classes; bnt that was not the case. It was through having a weak Governor and a designing Govern* ment. fie would have much pleasure in assisting to throw ont the Bill, and in doing so he thought that be would be serving the Government. Tbe Eon. B. C. BAKER would not detain the Council long, as the question had been argued at great length, fie constantly found himself in the position that while he had an earnest desire to support the Government measures he was obliged to vote against their Bills. (Hear, hear.) That was because the Bills were not the measures of the Government and did not represent the Government policy at all. This was part of the policy of tbe Opposition. It was the Govern ment measnre mutilated he would admit; but the scheme of taxation that they introduced was not the scheme that was embodied m that BilL That scheme was a far better scheme than they now asked the Council to adopt, and he thought no one wonld be better pleased than the Chief Secretary if they rejected the BilL (The Chief Secretary—"No.") At any rate if he were not thankful for its re jection he ought to be, for he was sure if it passed by the time the people of the colony had a taste of it for six months there would net be a better cursed body of men in the colony than the present Ministry. There was a good deal in the arguments brought forward which savoured of the story of flogging high and flogging low, but what he said was that flogging was not required at all—either high or low. At that late period of the session, when they were within seven months of another session, the Chief Secretary ought to admit that no great harm could he done by- the rejection of the BilL even if it contained a perfect scheme, fie admitted that property did not pay a fair share of taxation, mid had this Bill em bodied the oid scheme for taxing . all property: holders he thought .he would have been obliged to vote for it, but the Bill did not put taxation upon all sorts of property, fie could not agree with|the argument of the Hon. A. Hay about exempting money, as he thought that as well a6 other kinds of property should pay. Hie thought by throwing out this Bill- the Council would be benefiting the colony by putting a check upon the reckless expenditure that had been going on. fie had been accused of being one who Wonld cut down and thin the service, but he would point out to them that the expense of each new officer was not his salary alone added to tbe cost of the ser vice, bnt the carrying out of the works that he considered it necessary to recommend. He agreed with Sir H. Ayers that this country was far too expensively governed, and thought it absurd that a country like this, with a paltry 250,000 inhabitants, should have such enormous establishments. He might be told that the rejection of that Bill would lead to the rejection in another, place of another Bill—the Loan Bill—as the House would not authorise more loans without the interest being provided for; bnt .he would point out that we had ; uiieauy iwuouu a iiau liuiiiuus wjituwbu, <uiulu>u i Bili would authorise the borrowing of another two | and a half millions, and if that money were I borrowed it was impossible that it could be j profitably spent in the present state of the colony I m regard to labour. He did not see how the i patsing of the Bill was to alter the incidence qf taxation, as they had been told only that if they I passed it and certain other contingences arose an i attempt would be made next session to relieve the ! Customs to some extent, but then tbey had ho guarantee that the latter would be done, and he i thought they should have some guarantee of the Kind before the Bill was passed. We had had a good example of a Bill not intended to be permanent remaining a long time on the Statute-Book in the case of the Insolvency Act that his Government had brought in in 1870, intending to repeal it the same session. It bad been hastily drawn and badly drawn daughter)—but it had remained unrepealed to the present day. He had not had anything to do with drawing the Bill. It was only to operate for a short time, as a Consolidated Bill was to be inti educed, but that had not been done, and when they passed thiB Bill it might be that they would wait a long time for the remission of the Customs duties. That was one of the reasons he had for voting against the Bill. They were informed by the financial authorities and by a resolution of the Lower House that no fresh taxation was required for ieveuue purposes, and that it was solely to alter the incidence of taxation this Biil was required. That wouid not he done by merely passing the BilL The CBIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said when he stated the different forms of objec tion to the Bill be thought it would be admrtau that he had a difficult task in auswering hou. members. He bad introdnced fresh taxation, arid be believed it would be his duty to introduce a Bill to that effect to the House in the future. He believed he had done his dnty that day, and he would be ready to do it again. Could any one say that it was a pleasant task for one Minister to come down and listen to such speeches as lie had heard that day. The Eon. Dir. Young and the Hon. Mr. Sandover were the only members who had given him credit for sincerity. The objections of hon. members were very different in kind. One said there was no deficiency, another that the incidence of taxation was not unfair, and another that the Bill would not alter the incidence of taxation. One hon. member argued that they should reduce expenditure, another that the Chief Secretary's speech was weak, and another that his arguments were not fair. But the most extiaordinary objection of all had been made by the Hon. Mr. Fisher, who complained that he had not answered the arguments that hon. gentleman was going to use. It he bad told him what his line of argument was going to be he might have done this. The Hod. J. FISHER lud not said that, but that the hon. member had failed to use arguments on the introduction of the Bill, but possibly he intended to do what he had done on another occa sion and bring forward arguments at a subsequent stage of the proceedings. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) said another argument against the Bill was that bon. members were very much afraid of hurting the working man. He quite saw that argument; that was a disinterested motive of hon. members that he was sure the poor man would properly appreciate. Other members approved of the prin ciple but objected to the details. One thought money should not be taxed and another that both money and property should be taxed. All this went to show that with ali their protestations the Council represented the property of the colony. If it was never true before that was true now, and no Bill that sought to tax property wuuiu [joss buab iauudc. vau uuu. mem ber—"No.") That was his private opinion The argument used" by Sir Henry Ayers was that taxation was not required because there was no deficiency. There was this great differenpe between Sir Henry Ayers and the Hon. J. Fisher: that the latter was speaking on a subject which he did not understand—(laughter)—and the former spoke after long ministerial experience; and there fore a good deal that would be perfectly sincere and fair as coming from the Hon. Mr. Fisher would bear a different aspect when uttered by Sir Henry Ayers. He wonld read from a speech of the latter gentleman on .May 12,1875;—"Any one was free to check him in his figures, and be should rejoice to see that he had been found to make a mistake, but he was sure it could not be done. Not only was bis statement not a fancy picture, bat he believed matters would be shown to be worse when the Treasurer made his Budget speech. They must bear in mind that a {large numoer of works authorised last session had not been executed, and these would have to 'go against the revenue next year. These works included a residence for His Excellency at Mount L>fty, for which ,£5,000 was voted. He believed the lowest tender sent in for the work was £0,000, therefore it was not proceeded with. Then there were the road wofks and other contracts not completed tor want .of labour, besides which there were the subsidies voted for country institutes conditional upbn similar amounts being contributed privately. These items would all have to be brought forward as so many liabilities to be added next year.". (Sir Henry Ayers—"Brought forward.'") That, was exactly what had been done in this case. He was sorry that the horn gentleman should have held that the uuexpended balances were liabilities in 1875 when it sui:ed his purpose and that they were not liabilities in 1878 when it did not suit his purpose. He would defy the hon. gentle man to explain that circumstance. (Sir H. Ayers —" Give me an opportunity.") He would be glad to give the hon. gentleman an opportunity of affording some explanation on the point, as it was quite essential to the hon. member's political character that some should be forth coming. (Laughter). He would not go further into the question of unexpended, balances than <to say that many of the works authorised were of urgent necessity and were nnder construction. "With regard to what had been said about the Appropriation Bill he would say that the expendi ture on public works frequently did not begin for some months after the passing of the Appropriation Act. His speech had been characterised by the Hon. J. Fisher as weak, but it was impossible far him to anticipate all the arguments that would *be used against the Bill; and it was far easier to raise objections to a scheme of taxation than to bring[ir. and pass a Bill that would suit everybody. Bii Henry Ayers bad said that a deficiency on paper could be laughed at, but he did not say so in 1875. If it had not been for the unexpended balances in that year there wonld have been no deficiency at all. The only tangible argument raised against the Bill was that, brought forward by the Hon. A. Hay. who had said that a taxation scheme would#be' obnoxious to the people. Of course it would, 4-iy scheme of taxation would be objected to; but he. wonld warn: hon. members that if some spec scheme as the present were not carried out they might some day find that, ; as had been the case in Victoria, ' a uchemet of taxation that was neither fair nor hoses might be forced on the colony. He had never for a moment -said that the colony could not meet its liabilities, all his arguments having been rather the other way; -but he hsd eaid -that farther taxation was necessary to enable the liabilities to be met. Ee had said that the taxation scheme proposed would bring' in £75.000 or £80,000 a year. Remarks had -been made aboat the - alteration of our tariff in the direction of that of Hew South Wales. 11 hoD. members knew how much the trade was increasing between this colony and New South Wales they would see that a Customs unioti was most desirable. In such a union there would have to be mutual giving and taking. Therefore the quotation as to what the NewSouth Wales tariff was now was utterly beside the question. The fact was however that the tariff in New South Wales was much more of a free-trade tariff and much less oppressive to the working man than our own, Here there was not a single article he or the poor farmer wore or used bnt was taxed, except mole skin trousers, which were exempt from duty. One great objection to the present system was that under it no man need contribute to the revenue unless he liked. Ee could have immense property here being daily improved by the Government expenditure, ana yet he need not pay a penny towards the revenue. As to. another point raised he would remind hon. members that he did not say onr establishments were not increasing. What he had said was that the expenses for ordinary government had not increased very much, but that the enormous increases in our expenditure were due to the works which we had undertaken for the development of the country. With regard to the question of killing another squatter the figures given by Sir H. Ayers as to the years 1864,-1865, and 1866 did not bear on the subject. The fact was there was more land bonght ty the fanners in those years than in any six years pre viously. (Sir B. Ayers—" Under the old system.") He did not say there was as much bought as there might have been. But in consequence of the failure of the harvest in California that year prices went up very high—as high as 12s. a bushel —and fanners were enabled to take up more laud in consequence. They bought an immense quantity of land from the Government and also from previous purchasers. But these particulars told rather against tfae hon. member's argument. There was ho doubt that up to that time Governments were afraid to face taxation. Indeed there was scarcely a Government that had not been afraid to face it. When they wanted money instead of going to Parliament and introducing an obnouous the ' ~ Bill they killed another squatter. (Laughter.) He admitted there were many itemB in Loan Bills that ought not to be there. Sir H. Ayers admitted that. (SirH..Ayers—"Hear, hear.") And yet he had known that hon. member introduce a Loan Bill with £55 down for a crossing. (Sir H. Ayers -y "Quite true;" and laughter.) He thought for once the hon. member was ashamed of what he had done. (Laughter.) The reason why those amounts were included in Loan Bills was that the Govern ments had not had enough money to carry on the government. Anothergreat principle had been harped on—reduce the expenditure. Why had Sir EL Ayers not reduced it ? The hon. member, could not; neither could he. The cry was a different thing from carrying it out. The country would be governed in a certain way and they must pay the piper. Then there were works of development that were desirable, and hen. j members knew- how difficult it was to get Companies to carry these out. What should we do without railways? What should we do with 250,€00 tons of breadstufi's, as he hoped we should have this year, if we had no railways to carry it to the seaboard? Why it could not be done. We should bave to shut up altogether. Sir H. Ayers had said that his Government had made ah honest attempt to reform the railway system and increase the rates of carriage. But the Govein ment scheme broke down. It was arranged in such an absurd complicated way that it could cot be carried cut, and it would have increased the revenue so little that after carefully considering it the present Govern ment decided to go back to the old rate. If the hon. member had stuck to his attempt he would have given him his sympathy, but as he had broken down he was not deserving of it. A great many plans had been pointed out for the increase of the revenue of the colony. One member had asked them what they were going to do with the Land Fund, but be would say that he would like to see some of that Land Fund devoted to the nublic works of the colony. Of course if the people did not care for that, but would have the money spent in things which would not be seen, men would be found who would do it for them. The elasticity of the revenue had been alluded to as a hopeful sign for the future, but hou. members knew as well as he did that the expenditure was quite as elastic. He was not without hope of some day seeing the Hen. Mr. Fisber in the Ministry, and he would give him a cheerful support, hoping then to Eee some most brilliant and consistent legislation. (The Hon. J. Fisher—"I'm not going to do k.") If the hon. member said that he would not lake office he thought that he had no right to carry cut his present policy and obieet to every Bill. (Oh.) He would not object to the hon. member opposing occasional measures; but Sir H. Ayers would tell him that he had no right to oppose everything unless he was prepared to take the responsibility of carrying out the government of the country in the event of any disaster hap pening to the party he was opposed to. The hon. member said that there were a great many ways of adjusting the revev-ie. He would like the hou. member to point some of them out. It was rnucn easier to object than to carry things out. The flon. Mr. Pearce had said that he supposed he (the Chief Secretary) expected him to support the Bill. The Hon. J. PEABCE explained that what he had said was that the Chief Secretary would not expect him to support the EiiL The CBIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) begged the hon. member's pardon, but the point was not important. He was only going to say that be had not expected anything that after noon. He had found that everybody was going against him, and be had come to see that the statement that the Council was the representative of property was most true. He did not agree with the Hon. J. Pearce that the country must be iu a prcstrate condition before taxation should be imposed, as he thought it would be a very bad time to impose taxation then, and that a Go vernment would be foolish in passing over prospeitus time6 and imposing taxation when the country was poor. The Hou. C. B. Young had given him credit for some courage in intro ducing the Bill, and he thanked the hon. member for it. He had said that the Bill was not an immediate necessity, but ;it was the right thing do do, aud the sooner that was done the better. He would like to see property made to pay something more than was even provided here, and if .the Bill were passed that might be the thin end of the wedge. Hon. members would see how easy it would be if the Aiu jrasfecu iu mac vile icvcuuc wj yuuiu^ uu »u extra Id. or 2d. in the pound on property. (Hear, hear.) But with a due regard for the anxious consideration that hon. members had for the working men of the colony he had no doubt they had seen the effect that that would have. One of the reasons put forward by the Hon. Mr. flay for cot voting for the Bill was that the Government would only suffer if it were pasBed. If the hon. member would vote for the Bill he was quite prepared to run the risk. That would be a fair compromise— (laughter) —and with regard to the .solicitude expressed by the hon. gentleman as to the fate of the Govern ment he would say, "It is all very well ;to dissemble your love; but why did you kick me down stairs ?" (Laughter.) It had been said that he had not gone in sufficient detail into the dill on its introduction, but he had hoped that the second reading would be passed and that in Com mittee he might have an opportunity of giving any detailed information that might be required. The objections that had been raised as to the appoint ment of fresh officers to collect the taxes had really very little in them. Many appointments had been made' of late years of new and well-paid officials, and those appointments had been found to be mofe than justified by the economic results that ensued. In the Department of Harbours and Jetties, for instance, they were effecting a great saving in the cost of dredging at the Fort, and ether cases in point could be cited. In conclusion, he would only say that if the flili were rejected a very grave and serious responsi bility would have been incurred by the members of the Council. : The motion was then put in the form "that the wordB to be struck out stand," and was declared to be negatived. i The CIIIEF SECRETARY (Hon. W. Morgan) called for a division Axes, 2—Hon. W. Sandover and Chief Secretary (teller). , '.Noes, 11—Hone. Baker, Crozler, Fisher, Hnghes, Hay, Hogarth, Pearce, Santo, Young, and Tarltpn, and Fir H. Ayers (teller). j Majority of 9 for the Noes. The amendment that the Bill be read again that day six months was then carried. t ADJOURNMENT. The Council adjourned at twenty-two minutes past 6 till the next day at 2 o'clock. ; 