A JAPANESE GHOST STORY. In Japan, ss in all other countries, imagina tion claims to have its wants supplied by the wonderful and incomprehensible, aad there fore in the face of such need wonders wOl never cease ont of the world. The sladent of nature's mysteries and the village gossip who tells of ghosts, and doubles, and wraiths, are both in their different ways satisfying their craving for the wonderful. Even the wildest tales have a certain value, for, scat tered as they are through every land, they often serve to perpetuate the record of old customs, and to mark the steps of social his tory. Ghost stories, then, the Japanese hare. as blood-curdling, hair-erecting, flesh creeping, as the most ardent lover of the marvellous could desire, and at this holiday season, when the pitiless rain and sleet fceep the merry-makers indoors, and tbe shutters are closed in, and the sake cup goes round merrily from hand to hand, is the time to tell them to an audience certain to appreciate them. How impressively the narrator half tells, half acts, the thrilling tale, while the girls clasp and hide 'behind each other in an ecstacy of terrified enjoyment One of the tto;t original of these tales the writer of Una liazagraph recently heard, and as ifr differs from the common run of ghost stories it is here given, though we wish we could convey an idea of the art with which it was told. In former times — indeed, some Japanese ear that it is not very long since that the dread ful practice was abandoned — it was the custom, when any new palace, castle, or fort was in course of erection, to bury one or mare living men beneath the foundation, generally at the foot of the principal supporting pillars. Those who were committed to this frightful grave * were called hxto-bashira, or human pillars, and their immolation was supposed to conduce to the etrengtli and solidity of the building. The sacrifice was sometimes made voluntarily, the victim being indncod to give his consent fay the promise of deification, his spirit being afterwards worshipped under the name of Ina risama. or some other deity. More frequently, however, the premature burial was a forcible one. For instance, if no voluntary victim was forthcoming, advantage was taken of any such accident as one of the workmen falling into the excavation of the foundations, when, iimfaMMJ of Any helping hand being extended to him, he was ruthlessly buried by his fellow workmen or crushed beneath one of the mighty supports. At other times the victim was built up in the massive walls, either as a hiio-badara or as a punishment for some offence. Taafc legends of spirits haunting the scenes where tbe cruel murders of their bodies had been perpe trated should be numerous is natural, and the following incident was told as having occurred at the residence of one of the princes of Saga. There it appeared that some poor wretch had been immured at the building of the palace, a fact of which the inm.*^ of one -£ the rooms were suddenly made aware by a human leg pro truding from tbe wall, and moving about in a most uncomfortably lifelike mutiny The con sternation whicb fids ghostly kg caused throughout the castle can be imagined. Some of the retainers, more daring than the rest, had the courage to attempt to clasp it, but its power was so great, and tbe kicks it administered were so tremendous that no one had tbe temerity to repeat his efforts. At last one «f those present, struck probably by tbe unwashed appearance of the leg, suggested that it might be soothed by the administering of a bath. The hint was acted on, aad the leg with a satisfied flourish pnt ite foot in tfee cold water, only, however, quickly to withdraw it and kick over tbe tub. The same ingenious retainer who had suggested the bath proposed that warm water should be substituted, and this proved to be so grateful to tbe tireless limb that it allowed its foot to remain quietly therein. On one of the male retainers, how ever, endeavoring to wash the leg it »*'»'i«- tered to him so sound a kick that be was at conciliation. At- last a Kwtmi maid servant, suddenly struck with tbe truly feminine idea that, while it rebelled ?gainst being attended to by a male hand, it might become more gentle under a woman's gentle touch, volunteered to attend to its ablutions, and sure enough tbe leg, with evident grati tude, accepted the welcome ministration; and after having been gently washed and carefully dried, it waved a graceful farewell to the as sembled company, and retired for tbe night. But this was not the last of it. Every evening thereafter at the same time tbe unwelcome visitor came for its bath, which was always carefully prepared for it. But it is a singular fact that it could never be got to overcome its dislike for cold water, and that it showed its affection for the good-natured maidservant, who was told off specially as its attendant, by kicking over most unmercifully any one else who attempted to tonch it— Japan Mail. 