) T H E P H A N T O M M I N E R. J (A stoi'ij of the old gold difjghig dayn.) " ThlIj you n ghost story," said mj' uncle Ned, .a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. " Well, I will relate a peculiar affair that happened'ou T.allinaus Gully, in 1850." ) Wc were all attention, and listened to the very rcinark- f able narrative he related in the following manner : ) " You must know," commenced my uncle, " that I and ) four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the ; river — living, I said, . I should have called -it existing, for ) we were most unfortunate, only finding sufiicient gold to keep us in the eommoncst tucker. After our everyday's work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) every night disturbed in our rest by the ciink, clink, clink V of a pick, about fifty yards from our canvas home. This confounded noise always commenced at midnight, and did ) not cease until the break of day. One night wc were . determined to sec who it w.os ; so we sallied forth in the bright moonlight, and saw .a figure iu a coarse red fl.annel > shirt, high boots, and slouched hat, hard at work by an old claim which had been deserted for many years. I was chosen spokesman, to expostulate with this nois' digger; ( but when I was within, twenty yards of him, I stood still, transfixed with horror,— for the wearer of the digger's clothes was MO /vH# a > " Hnclc Ned 1 " wo all cried, how fearful." " One night, our tent w.os visited by a handsome, well- ' to-do looking man, of abo.ut fifty years of age, who ) enquired for a diggei' of wiiom \ye knew nothing about. Pic told..nsJ.hat in '51 he and .a mate'df his deserted from one of HeivMajesty's.ships, .and started for the Tallmans \ gold fields. They, vybrked with pretty good luck for a few months, when the new comer went down to Melbourne to see about some letters. , Before die went, he said to his ) mate, ' Bobi whatever you, do; never stop woi-king the elaiin for a.day until I. come b.ack.'. Bob proiirised, and ' they' parted. 'I went', down to Melbourne,' said the ex- ) digger,- ' and there was arrested as a deserter, and sent on board; and now that . I have obtained my discharge, I ' have hastened up here to find my old chum.' 'You will see him to-night,' I said; ' but you'll find him very much changed.' At midnight,, the. everlasting clink of the ' phantom's pick wasvhefird, and,we,all:.turned out. 'Ah!' I cried the sailor, ' there's dear old Bob, Bob, here I am back. Bob, speak; to me.' He 'fan to thb figure, which ' turned its hideous face on him. AYi.th A lo.ud; shriek the seeker fell senseless on -the ground.,- The ghost threw down its pick, ancV vanished,. . " In.f the morning fiye; discovered the poor . sailor, a raving lunatic." , '' Oh, uncIe-Nedfwhat a fearfiil stoiy.'? < '' Well, yoii 'asked- ine . to -tell'-you- a «fary;mnd I have done-soi": '? ' '' '''' ' '' Then, it iAriot true " Well, said biir uncle, laughing, " it is as true - as many of the absurd 'yarns that got .about during the raging of the gold fever. Ah, thdse were strange '-days,- 'when men would undergo any amount.of privatidh fof .'a few ounces of gold. Hdwdiffefcnt it is now; fc a man be pushed for '.a large or small amonnfall that: lie has to do \- is tb'hare'-aniin'tervievv with 'i. DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east. Who h.as from ;!15 'to A 10,000 to lend .'on notes of hand, bills of .sale (with-' or- without 'security)", 'salary orders, life policies, certificates,' deeds; bill of laduig, legacies, goods, merchandise, ou expected remittances, or on moneys per sons may be entitled to from England .and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. Bills'. discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and mprl gages from 6 qier cent. 