Amusements in Sydney. WRITING on April 29, our Sydney correspondent says:— The theatres have played an important part in our Easter carnival. They were all liberally patronised. Mrs. Scott-Siddons has joined Mr. Lazar in the management of the Theatre Royal, And has a fine burlesque company at work, with Miss Lydia Howard as principal Misa Solange Noraro and the Misses Deorwyn (the two latter are remarkably clever and promising young actresses) are in the company, besides Miss Maggie Oliver and all the best members of the Royal stock company. They have produced the burlesque of " Ivanhoe," one of the most smartly written things that Byron has ever given to a pun-appreciating public. It is brimful of humor, and Lazar knows how to produce such pieces effectively. The scenery and mounting are really superb, and of the most coßtly description. From the beginning to the end of the piece the interest is kept up, and the fun is heightened by the introduction of several smart localisms. The poet of the company is a smart fellow, too. The great scene in the Assembly on Saturday morning was quickly worked up into the dialogue and songs the same night; and as M'Elhone figured very conspi cuously, and was hit pretty hard, you may rest assured the audience came down with the applause. This may be only a small matter ; still, it indicates that the free selectors' cham pion is in anything but good odor with Sydney people. " Ivanhoe" has been played all the week to crowded audiences. It is the principal theatrical event of the Easter season. When it is withdrawn, Mrs. Scott-Siddons will commence a series of Shakspeorian plays and society come dies. Mr. Creswick has completed his hundredth night at the Victoria Theatre, During the last week he played Sir John Falttaj) in Henry IV., but it is far below many of his other impersona- tiona. He is still drawing large audiences. Miss Ashton played Lady Percy. The Georgia Minstrels are at the Queen's Theatre, Thom son's Diorama of the American War at the School of Arts, and D'Arcy Bead's Ghost at the Guild Hall—all doing a good busi ness. The Exhibition entertainments are well attended ; the Marionettes, the female gymnast, Lo-10, and vocal concerts, have been the attrac tion. Last, but not least, two intrepid young Australians, who call themselves the brothers Le Grand, crossed Sydney Harbor at Middle Harbor on Saturday—l4oo feet across—on ft tight rope, A la le Chevalier Blondin at Niagara, Many of our readers will be glad to learn that the lessees of the Queensland Theatre (Messrs. Thynne and Dillon) are making an effort to secure the services of Mr. Creswick for a short season in Brisbane. They have authorised their agent in Sydney to make that eminent tragedian a liberal offer for a twelve nights' engagement, and have expressed their willingness to pay the salaries of any four artists (two ladies and two gentlemen) he may select to support him. This is putting the matter in a definite shape, and we trust the negotiations entered upon will have a favorable results. Lovers of cricket will be glad to learn (says the Melbourne Daily Telegraph) that arrange ments have been concluded for the visit of a first-class team of gentlemen players from Eng land next season. Since October last, Mr. Curtis Reid, the secretary of the M.C.C., has been in correspondence with Mr. I. D. Walker, the celebrated player, on the subject, and yesterday a telegram came through intimating that the team had been formed, and would reach Austra lia by the mail steamer which is due here on December 10. The team, which will, in all probability, include the names of Lord Harris and the lion. Mr. Lyttelton, will be composed entirely of gentlemen players, who will be the guesta of the M.C.C. whilst they remain in the colonies. They will play their first match on colonies. 