VICTORIAN HEMS. » A correspondent writes as follows:—« Mn Ashworth, of Chilwell, entertained a party of si] persons at her residence, last Thursday weeij whose united ages amounted to 461 years. Mr. Matthew Barnett held the second of working men's meetings at Emerald HiP oa Saturday evening, and, from the immense gafbe ing, the interest in these meetings is evidently < the increase. " It is the intention of the Minister of Mines I says the Battarat Courier, " to send the diamonl drill, when it is finished with at Kingston, to thl lignite country at Lai LRI to bore for coal, befon despatching it to the Coleraine district for same purpose." A very severe malady has brokeu out amon the cattle in tho Bellarine district; Mr. Levie has lost a large number within this last'week 1 two. There are so many carcases being brouo to Mr. Gallop's boiling-down establishment th they can scarcely be consumed. ' It is the intention of the Minister of Educ tion to appoint a Board to investigate the chars brought by Mr. Sergeant against themanagem© and efficiency of the Training Institution? TH Board will consist for the most part of meml of the Assembly. The Chief Secretary and the Minister of Min, paid a visit on Saturday to the Lai Lai 1,3 Mines, which have just been opened under tn auspices of a private Ballarat company. Smej ing works have been erected near the mines an it is stated that the metal thus obtained 'is very good quality. We are glad to learn that the gentlemen inb rested in the establishment of a counter attra tion to the publichouse, in the shape of a hon, and coffee-house in Prahran, are meeting with considerable amount of success, more than 100 shares having been applied for. The committt intend to register the company, and comtueno operations at au early date. Some children, belonging to a resident of Eger! ton, named Watkinson, nad an idea that by walk! ing nine times round an old shaft a ghost woul<j come up. No ghost came up, but a little toddle named Bessy, getting giddy at the fifth round staggered, and went down the shaft head first, Some dry bushes about 50ft. below caught he., body. Her father got her up, and, strange to sayj she was not hurt. Since Mr. Patterson went to the Post and Tele-] graph Department some great changes have been effected. Within the last ten days there has beei something like an Amazonian invasion of botl offices. As many as twenty-seven ladies are now employed in the clerical and operating branche of the telegraph office ; four ladies are now to bel found iu the money-order office, and about dozen young females are engaged at letter sorting! in the main building. Uncertainty prevails (writes the Standard) wit! respect to Mr. Daniel M'Lean, formerly a resident in Warrnambool, and at one time a member o£ the Borough Council. When last heard ftom, hel was driving cattle between Queensland and Ade-I laide, but his wife and family, who are still inl Warrnambool, have received no tidings of him for! six months. A rumor was circulated &ome; time] ago that he was dead, but being unable to trace itl to any authentic source we did not notice it atthe] time. A petition has been prepared and extensively j signed by selectors in Lower Riverina (says the Riverine Herald) praying the Chief Secretary of Victoria to remove the wharfage rate of 3s. per ton charged upon wheat grown in Riverina and exported into Victoria, which impost presses very I heavily on the wheat- growers. The petition was forwarded to the Echuca Chamber of Commerce, with a request that they would lay it before the Chief Secretary when the deputation waited upon him on Wednesday last. The Browns and Scarsdale Borough Council] have hit 011 a capital method of getting in the rates, or at least value therefor. A number of poor widows within the Borough, unable to pay the yearly impost , have been " working it out," as it is locally termed, by weeding and otherwise beautifying the shrubbery attached to the Town Hall, their labor being taken as a quid pro quo for the rates. This probably (adds tbe correspondent of the Ballarat Star) may serve as a wrinkle for other impecunious public bodies. The Ararat Advertiser writes :—In view of the increasing depredations by hares and rabbits, a novelty in fencing material is about to be introduced in this locality, which will no doubt tend to preserve the crops from the black mail levied on them through the rabbit nuisance, and thus soon repay the original outlay. The new material is a wire net of a two and a half inch mesh, aud having a width of two feet, which will be surmounted by a top wire. Five thousand yards of this net have been ordered for the Barton estate. Out of small beginnings great industries rise. I had the pleasure (says a Melbourne correspondent) this afternoon of 'smoking a cigarette recommended by coming-tothe outer fragrant tobacco. The effect of the strange aroma of the gum mingling with the Indian weed is so clear and palatable that a speculator on the lookout for a business may find his fottune in purveying these purely Australian delicacies. " ) One of the leading butchere in Melbourne has adopted a plan which might possibly be u'.d beneficially iu other places for the preservation vf what are known in the trade as " small goods." He exhibits them in an ordiuary glazed window, at tbe top of which is fixed a pipe with small lerforations. This is connected with the Yan Lean water service and discharges a film of water down r the glass, the result being that the temperature is greatly reduced and the goods can be kept '""ger iu good order during hot weather than tld be done without such an arrangement. Lion. A notilication of this change has been reeved by the V.R.C. Committee from the secre- Z y of tbe Wagga Wagga Jockey Club, but no action has boeu taken mthe matter yet. The «ile respecting a change in any horse's name is absolute—that both the old and new names shall be riven for 12 months after a change, unless the •nirnal shall have run on the Melbourne course, ft cutonus the colt by his new name, Mr.. Mittliell no doubt considered that the first nomination as Viceroy was cancelled. The matter will 'probably be left to the stewards of the meeting to deal with. It is pretty well known (says a Melbourne corespondent) that for some time past a committee, including in its ?anks Mr. Ellery, Dr. Bromby, Messrs. Service, Casey, aud other gentlemen wellknown in connection with science, has been investigating the claims of Dr. Slade. This coniinitte has not as yet reported, but I am in a position to say that its mind is fully made up, and that it only waits for some further confirmation ol its conclusion. So nearly do the committeemen think themselves upon the track of Dr. Slide's method, that recently one oi them BO effectually performed the slate-writing phenomena that one of the other experts among the examiners was absolutely deceived by tbe apparent reality of the manifestation. If I were to mention to you the names of the gentlemen I refer to you would tt once appreciate that no ordinary jugglering coalu fool their common sense, and that the fact ol their having so closely approached the sanctuaiy of Sladeism is pretty conclusive evidence that their report will interest the public more than it does the doctor or his " controls." K rather amusing adventure recently befell two young gentlemen from Ballarat (writes the Councr) in a little mining township not more than two hours'drive from the golden metropolis. They had driven out to attend a concert and ball, and after spending a very pleasant night, started off home at a late or rather an early hour; bat, unfortunately, the drive in tbe calm still night had a most soothing effect on them, and, before long, they were both as sound asleep as if they were in their own domiciles. Their astonishment can be imagined when they awoke, between eight aud nine o'clock a.m., aud found themselves not on the road, nor at home, but sitting in their buggy under a shed, and minus the horse. It appeared that the sagacious quadruped had kept on the road home, while his driver was quietly sleeping, uutil he came to a well-known hostelry, where he knew from past experience that the provender was good and the ostler generous, so he pulled up at the gate with his unconscious charge, preferring a rest by the way to continuing the journey. The horse and buggy were found by the landlord in the morning on opening the premises, the horse was taken out, and the buggy wheeled under a Bbed without waking the unconscious occupants, who next morning returned home, none the worse for the night's exposure. Another sensation is reported in the discovery of the man who in August last year stole five thousand sovereigns from the mail steamer Avoca. The money was taken from the Treasury room, the box being opened, and its contents abstracted. The box was neatly closed again, so that they never noticed it until opened on its arrival at Galle. The detectives were always certain the robbery was committed by some of the ship's company, and reported so to"the P. and 0. Company, who discharged a number of officers, and petty officers, amongst tbein being tbe ship's carpenter, a Norwegian named Martin Hibergs. This man at once got into an open boat, into which he put his tools and a bag of provisions. He sailed through the Heads, doubled Wilson's Promontory, and went up the Tarwin River to South Gippsland, where he took up a selection in a very wild part of the country. Recently, from information obtained, Inspector Secrctan," Detective Mackay, and Senior-Constable O'Mara went up and arrested him, and found a number of sovereigns on nifi person, which lie said he was about to invest in a craft to trade between Melbourne and Tarwin. They also found a number of sovereigns concealcd >n holes bored in a large carpenter's plane. Sovereigns were then put in and neatly plugged up. The prisoner was brought to Melbourne and remanded for a week. It is understood he has Wade a confession. 