OT'I! MELBOURNE LETTER. (l-’UOM Oi l! OWN OOlIltKSrONDENT.) 22nd OcfcoJx'r, JS7S. It i.s expected that the proposed conference between the two Houses of .Parliament, regarding the Bills for the reform of the Constitution, will he agreed to this evening. 'The representatives of the Asesmhly will he Mr. Berry, the ('hief Secretary, Sir Bryan O’Loghlen, the Attorney-!5-eneral, and Professor Pearson; and those of the Council Sir Charles (Baden, Professor Hearn, and Mr. R. S. Anderson. The rational probability is that the conference “ will come to nothing, ' like several of its predeces sors. It seems just as difficult to bring men possessing diametrically opposite opinions to an amicable agseement or a compromise at a small meeting, such as a conference of the two Houses, as in a large gathering such as a full meeting of either House. Indeed the difficulty is to my mind greater in the former ease, because these men have not only to think and act for themselves, but they cannot divest themselves of the reeolloe A *•' wild man" has been seen several times lately in one of the country districts, and a '• ghost” lias been frightening women and children in that ordinarily respectable, and, indeed, aristocratic suburb ot South A arra. Tin; wilil” man has not vet been caught, but the other night a tame man made an attack on the ghost, w)ii<b lie loinid standing against a, lenee. and thereupon discovered that it was composed ot no more spiritual stull than a lew old newspapers (pieer!v arranged. A young triend ot mine, who is fond of punning, asks me if the phantom was the ••spirit of the Press.' 1 have requested him not to press" me for an answer. In this large and wealthy city, where there arc so many eiitirehes with Well- to-do congregations, there has really been round one church that declines to fall in with the grand " Hospital Sunday movement. And. .stra.nge.lv enough, this church is in no other place than the fashionable suburb of St. Hilda. It is a Raptisi church, and the congregation says it cant stand” the annua! call for i lie charities. But mark tins; .Al though the adults of the congregation wont subscribe their sixpences, they get the children of the Sunday School to .surrender their hep pennies, for the bonelit of snllering humanity. 