MELBOURNE. (FROM OBR OWN' CORRBSfOKDEN'T.) Tuesday Evening. Tho arrangements made by the Govern ment, subject to the approval of Parliament, for the purchase of tho Hobson's Bay Rail way, favorably as they are upon the whole, tegarded by a very large portion of the public, are, if I am correc.tly informed, likely to meet with considerable opposition on the part of some of the leading members of the National Refurm League, especially of those who had set their hearts upon the scheme known as the " Outer Circle." From all L hear, however, it does not appear that the opposition front this somewhat irresponsible quarter will be strong enough to turn the Ministry from their purpose in the matter, or to prevent the ultimate carrying out of the purchase. The dangers of tho popular game of foot ball have onco more been forcibly illustrated hy a most serious accident. I refer of course to tho case of Mr. Gill, the unfortu nate member of tho Carlton Club, who had his thigh broken during the thick of the play on tho Melbourne Cricket Ground yesterday. Had the fracture been a com: pound one, as it fortunately was not, the in jured player might have lost his life. As it is, however, I was happy to learn, on inquir es at the Melbourne Hospital this, after noon that the fracture was reduced without difficulty, and that the patient is progressing fery well, and he inay be expected to be 'Me to use the limb again in about six weeks. The case of the Hand and Band Company against the National Bank has again found its way into the Equity Court, the preseut praetwlhjiis being taken in the shape of ex-; ceptions by the company to the master's r«s Port. Arguments were commenced tlii." morning, Mr. Box appearing for the com IWiMd Mr. Hiilroyd, Mr. Webb and Mr.. * Beckett fur the'bank. Mr. B«x said that >e result of the accounts taken in the waters .1 «?.»» - «iis mil tue sum of'£&,Zt)a fo, lOd. had been fmiiid to be due to the company by the bmk. The plaintiff's ex ceptions went to ;show that a much'larger sum than that was owiny by the bank. The company objected that bank should be credited with the item of expenditure m- 1 curred previous to the 6th August, 3874, -as | the money which discharged those liabilities I ^ nut the money of the bank. The com pany chimed the gross proceeds of the gold, instead oE the net proceeds after the bank tail taken possession of the mine, as they had no right to mine on the ground. Argu ments were proceeding when my . letter closed. . It was a surprise to many people here to find that a visitor to the Paris Exhibition, ghosts remarks were quoted a few,days ago I oy the Xryu*, and repeated In. the Austvalu V.ul expressed the opinion that the fforat sight" amongst the various articles displayed in the Victorian court was the exhibition of tweeds from the various inanu tactoriea in this colony, which, wo are told,, ^ere exceedingly poor when compared with 16 cloths of other countries." Now,, what* ®Te.c way be the shotteominga of the Vic torian tweeds in regard to attractiveness of pattern, colonial experience as to their wear 13 generally much it» their favorao- compared Wl»i the average imporUic article at the same Pr'ce also. As showing that this favorable opimou U shared by 11 the trade" in this city, may mention that on visiting one of our largest clothing establishments not long ago, nV attention was called by the proprietor to ^ ^30pile of Victurian piece good-s, with the emark,f£ This is the stufi for wear; they are oroughly genuine, aud we can always ^udvjponthem,* 