Music and the Drama. i'be facts not otherwise, Than here set down. SHERIDAN KNOWLES. TUE'.past week lias not been marked by. any very noticeable dramatic event, although there has been an exceptional variety of programmes at two of the theatres. . THE THEATUE ROYAL.-On. Saturday, Mr. Defries repeated Iiis Hamlet, a remarkably good rendering for an amateur actor. On Monday, Mr. James Booty took his .benefit, and was rewarded by a large house. Tho programme was very varied, commencing with " Love's Madness," in which Mr. Chaplin took the part of Michael Earle, the maniac lover. Miss Colville read, and an infant prodigy sang ; but the piece of the evening was Byron's burlesque, " The Miller and His Men," in which the popular , treasurer made a personal appearance. He played | Ravina, the neglected one, most successfully, and was well supported by the company. The same bill was repeated on Tuesday night in consequence of its great success. Mr. Booty's great Avar song was enthusiastically applauded, and the singing and dancing of Miss Oliver as Karl was much appreciated. Miss Emma Rogers well rendered the part of Orlandine. Messrs. Brown, South, M'Lean, and Carey-Grindoff and his men-were humorous villains, and Mr. J. J. Welsh took the part of Kelmar. On Wednesday night the boards were occu pied by an amateur performance. For Thursday, a complimentary benefit is arranged for Mr. J. H. Rainford, in which ho is to appear in a now play, entitled "Our Australian Cousin."_ In addition, the Snarre! scene from " J ulius Gosar" is to be given, with fr. Chaplin and Mr, Defries as Brutus and Cassius. Sammy, the clever boy who so well imitates Mdlle. Sara, has returned to the Royal, and appears with the "Little Wonder Dolly." VICTORIA THEATRE.- Mr. Creswick has not ap peared in any new character, but has wisely given people the opportunity of seeing him again as Wolsey and Benedict. _ These impersonations are really superb in the different realms of tragedy and comedy. He is announced to appear on Saturday as Falstaff in "Henry IV," for the first time on any stage. QUEEN'S THEATRE.-The season for " Our Boys" has at length come to an end, after a most successful month. Mrs. Scott-Siddons takes her benefit on Thursday in " As You Like It," as Rosalind, with Mr. Chaplin as Jaques. tThe Scott-SiddonB com pany are to be followed, next week, by the Georgia Minstrels, but we are not without hopes of seeing the former elsewhere, as their success in Sydney has been so undoubted. THE GUILD HALI,.-Mr. D'Arcy Read's " Ghost" has continued to be attractive in a form of Goethe's "Faust" and the startling effects of the " Chinese Phantom Dance." THE SCHOOL OV ARTS.-Thompson's Great Southern Diorama is announced for Saturday, to be accompanied by large distributions of presents. 