NEWS OF THE DAY. Parliament has a busy week before if. If the prorogation is to take place on Monday or Tuesday, not only will a- nnmber ef bills havo to bo sacrificed,, but mem- bers will havs to apply themselves- steadily to work to gee through- bnsiaess which must be transacted before the session can close. Ta-morrow tbo additionaleotlmatss will be brought forwaid, and as- Sir John O'Shanassy intends moving in the matter of education, and as the £5000 for the expenses of the missionaries will be submitted, warm debates mBy be anticipated, Dnring the woek the amendments of Messrs Munro and B. Clark, dealing with the proposed mission te Europe, will bo discussed. As, however, a nnmber of honorable members are afraid that shonld the embassy not start, an appeal to the country iB certain, they will vote for the mission in any Bhape. The Ministerial pro posals will therefore if possible be carried. In regard to the proposed embacsy to London, we understand- that there is every reason to believe the project may. be abandoned. At the recent canons of Minis terial supporters,. Mr- Berry- stated that the embassy wonld not proceed npon its mission nnlese- it was approved by as many votes in the Assembly bb wero- re corded in favor of the Constitutional Reform Bill. TbiB is not possible, in consequence of the defection of Messrs Munro, B, Clark, and others, who entirely disapprove of the mission business. We learn that Mr Evans has written to Mr Mackinuon in reference to the proposed cricket scheme, stating that he has reluc tantly had to abandon the idea of getting np a combined eleven to play Mr Gregory's team, owing to Bome sf the Hew South Wales representatives being unable to obtain the leave of absence neceBBary for a match- playing tour. Ab regards the Victorian con tingent, there was, we believe, no difficulty experienced in securing promiees of co operation from each players as Messrs Kelly, - D. Campbell, Robertson, Kendall, &c..; The following are the deliveries of wheat, floor, and other produce at the Spencer streotstationof the Victorian Railways, for the weekending 9th November: — Wheat,. 3670 bags ; flonr, 4614 bagB ; bran, 907 bags j pol lard, 294 bags ; oats, 217. bags barley, 25 bagB ; maize, 37 bags potatoes, 4579 bags j chaff, 7151 bags, Total, 21,694 bagB, A sharp trick was perpetrated on the KeDnington Oval after the first matoh, Aus tralian Eleven v. Players. The Sporting TimeB records it as follows:— "After the close of the crlckot matoh between the Australian team and the Players at Eenmngtou Oval, Barratt having taken all the Australian wickets in the first innings, was presented by Mr Cunway, the Australian secretary, with a ball, enitabiy inscribed, and £5, as a reward of merit for his brilliant play, Of conrso aftor this re cognition Barratt became the ' lion of the hour,' and congratulations on all sides were showered on him. Amongst others, two well-drerBed, portly-looking gentlemen, quite strangers, insisted upon treating Barratt to a glass of fm. A bottle was accordingly opened, and dnring the process of drinkin;, it, one of the gentlemen proposed thr Barratt, or some one for him, should j,0 round amongst the company with the and receive any sums they might be ai0poaBa to give, Barratt at once said that ;c i000t wonld objeot to bis going, when ,0 gentle man who proposed it at once ;oiant0ered, and it 1b stated that he succeeds ;n obtaining onward of £2(1. and it is nf-j.,— .k # ; -is trait iron, ihat limu ,,, p;;, 1 ,ve« either u gentlemen or j: c ;a(,nc - I U> Urn Biipvewe fJor.it |,3f0K hts lienor the Chief .Jostieoa's,, 2 jm.y 0j Mr Ji.ba Oiuvrther, " cu:r/1v;ili.bj0I, RJ.CU|. riro't.ji : t Bxliarnt., rougl) . hoover damages fica the of U1() A.-gij. newspaper for hc-e:, Tliri ;lccl.vn':ion n(J(: ,)u i one published; -Us Vbj Arpue . of the Sad February, and the other published in the same paper on the 29th July, both in this year. Both alleged libels were contained in letters from tho Ballarat correspondent of the paper, and they wore substantially to the effect that the plaintiff had improperly ex- ertejl his infiuonce to injure tho Ballarat Woollen Company, and that at one of the ineotingB of the company he was denounced bb a Bham and a pnblic disturber. The defendants pleaded not guilty and justifi cation. A very painful, but fortunately not fatal, accident occurred yesterday at Brighton Beach to Mr W. H. Whelan, the eldest sou of the Clerk of the City Police Court. It appears that with a party of friends he had driven a horse and buggy from Melbourne to the beach, and taken the former out to graze, when going to harness the animal, he was kicked in the face with such severity as to sever the upper portion of the lip and loosen the whole of his teeth. The wound bled profusely, and it had to be sewn up, but it is expected that in a week or so Mr Whelan will be sufficiently reoovered to attend to his business, The Lenra will leave on Wednesday, in stead of the Barrabool, for Sydney, the latter vessel's overhaul not being completed, She will leavo on Friday, Martin Wiberg, tho man charged as an ac- . complice in the gold robbery from the Ayoca, appeared before the oonrt this morn ing, and was farther romanded. He applied for bail, which Mr Fanton said he wonld grant, if after consultation with the police officers it was considered desirable. In conseqnonce of complaints having been made of the conduct of larri- kioB and larrikinesses outside St. Mary's Ohurcb, a constable was de tailed for special doty, the result of which was the proseoution, this morning, before the City Conrt, of a girl of about 17, good looking j and decently attired, whose ' language was reported to have been some thing horrible. The benoh cautioned her, and Bhe was sent to, her relatione in oharge of an officer, A ncticeable feature on the racecourse up to the preseut, hns beon the stands of the professional getters-up of sweeps upon the hill and flat, who too often "welch" outrage-, ously . One of the fraternity, quite a youth, came before the Oity Court this morning, and . despite his assertions that ho was only get ting up a sweep as hundreds of others were doing, Mr Fanton sent him to gaol for a month. A serious charge was made against a police constable at thp Williamstown Police Oourt this mornrog. On Saturday evening Con stable Armstrong had occasion to arrest a seaman, named Neal Mansen, on a charge of disorderly conduct. The man was violent and the assistance of other constables had to lie called. Eventually the man was placed in the lockup and was this morning fined £T 10a, or imprisonment, Im- mediate'y after the man's arrest, some citi zens, named Downs and Barker, went to tho sergeant in charge, and' statod that the man had been moBt brutally treated by the constable, Armstrong, and that nnleBS he was reported they should take the matter farther. Oonsequently the presiding magistrates this morning took the evidence of several witnesses and a medical man, inclnding the informant, and at once intimated' that they did not consider any more force had been uaod to arrest de fendant than was necessary. It was mentioned that the matter would be placed before the Commissioner of Police. The matter of the- wretched children fonnd in Chinese den came before the Oity Conrt to-day, The evidence it is impossible to describe, but: a child of seven years of age was before the oourt, and was stated on medical evidence to be in a most shocking Btate, defying description, The mother of the girl was in conrt, and stated that she left the child in the place where she was found for a few hours, and in he meantime was arrested and received a -entence of three months. The girl was ent to the Industrial Schools for seven years, A second child, aged four, was before tbo conrt, and stated to be in a similar state. Its nnnatnral mother, Mary M'Olinchy, was charged with ohild-deBertion, The evidence showed an amount of reckless negleot that >B appalling, but of coarse unfit to chronicle. The infant was sent to the school for the i ame term SB the other one. The woman, Alios Clark, in whose honBe the eldest girl was found, was sent to gaol for G months. Neither of the mothcro seemed to be much troubled at parting from their children, Steam was got ready in H.M.S. Sapphire, and the Government steamer Victoria, Captain Mandeville, -.prior to their proceed ing to Geelong this afternoon. The former vessel takes the band- of the CerberuB with her, and it is intended to allow both vessels to remain at the Pivot for fourteen days, after which H.M.S, Nelson will be stationed there for some time,. Complaints are made to ns as to the manner' in which dogs, and even cats, are allowed to prowl round the Melbourne Ceme tery. Wetbinkthat the antborrtieBBhonldgive instructions to have these animals excluded. It is rather a shock to- a woman's feelingB to find sleek-looking, well-fed dogs and cats gambolling among: the tombstones and over the grave wherein a dear friend is buried. Tho objections to these animals in a cemetery may be a mere sentimental one, but in such matters Bentiment- should be respected. In the Frahran Oonrt this morning, Edward Murphy wae proaeouted for cruelty to a horse. The animal had been driven in a wood dray, with woundB both under tho saddle and on the breast. The bench in flicted a fine of £5, and £2 2s costs, A man named JohnBon, alias Ootterell, was re manded for a week on two charges, ottering a valueless cheque in Prahran, and steal ing some jewellery from a dwelling in Geelong. Beth offences wore com mitted in February, and the police have been looking for the supposed culprit ever since, until Sergeant Parkinson and Con stable Charles arrested him last' night. Michael Bnlien and Vincent Busina, yoang men, were had up for stealing two valuable saddleback pigeonB from Mr Gills, in Prah ran, Eighteen were stolen altogether at tho same time, the pigeon-house being broken into at night. The priecners sold the two birds to a dealer in Carlton. They were sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment. That frolicsome man. who has for some time been personating a ghost, hao now made his appearance- at Kew, and, as usual, frightens every unfortunate woman he comes across, One- man who met him, not having much fear for such an unearth;: apparitioD, bravely laid.bold of him, tv\ he eventually got off. Various rumors &o.afioat; as to his reasons for- going afiiut in this disguise, some assejting th; it is a bet for a iage sum of money,, tr 0Q won g,gter a six months' imporsonat1 „f ghosts, What ever it Is, the pojiufi: would do well to cap ture this Pfifijiajly funny gentleman, and make example of- him. . i he Ballarat Btar observes :— The results likely to accrue from the manner in which milch cows aro driven in the hot wenther to market, with dietanted adders, were ex emplified on Saturday morning, when Misa Bagge, daughter of Mr O. H. Ohlteen Bagge, came very near being a victim to the practice. She was crossing Stnrt street, when a cow, with calf at foot, and in a state o! semi-mad ness, caused by the crnolty of the owner, charged Miss Bagge, trampling npon her, causing a severely bruised arm and a serious shock to her nervous system. A society for the prevention of cruelty to animals i would . "uvrrecce. j \- i> ire"-.. rv-i : : ft' lib ; l.-i : « , W..:r..w Y t,.,y j ift'tfti !,j th a .Kovtwre. -.3- . n.'it, in . the MternobK a jus aria, gatbeiiog took p!ii:.c r.t tha 'Ornb.-.i-i-.-.o reati re, to Vhicit | plane iliey mate)'. oil,' fi? U Euicruid Tiili Ftfo.ws'l Drum Band. Atvrut I V.000 -.vttu present, uut' suitable fcildier!->.r, i van ;.'ivc-!t by tire clie.irissri, Mr j iifasrao, i M.L.A, , Mr R. Mv,?reW ,Ur Hiddlestone, and Mr B. srnctt. At the close over 200 joined tho " E. f H'" Opld- wator Army," In the eveo> ,8 principal etreets of the boiongh were , ''gam traversed by the torohlight procession, h- '? nal.ing on the Orphanage reserve, wbeJ® not less than 9000 or 10,000 persons .were as sembled. Mr J.L.Dow, M.L. A.i , presided, and gave a good speech, in whfch he urged the necessity for temperance principles being disseminated, whilst wo have tho a'Ptuority of magistrates and others tbat tho d'Jnkmg customs do more than anything else to l?ll our gnols, asylums, and hospitals. Mr Burnett then adnressed the meeting at some lengt'o, pressing upon his andionce with all his' warmth and energy the need for helping on such a canoe as that of temperance. While its founders were pelted and abuBCd, thoy still worked on, laying tho foundations brocd and deep; and to-day thousands are able to testify to its benefits; and further, it enp number among its advocates maDy of the brightest intellects in oar land, Mr Bnrnett said tho subject of bis address was, The good time has Come, and this had been proved by the experience of thonsands. When h3 went to Coliingwood a fow weeks ago, he asked for 2000, and had faith to believe he -shonld get them; but before he left over 3000 names were added to the temperance cause. When he oame to Emerald Hill he aBkod for 1000, and already more than 2000 havo resolved to give np the drink; and he was of opinion that it wonld be increased to 3000 by tbo time thoy closed that night. After expressing his thanks for the great kindness that he had received on every hand, and asking for cheers for all who had so well assisted him in the crnsade, Mr Bur nett closed his address by expressing the hope thHt if not permitted to meet again on earth they might all meet at the Throne: of God, Subsequently meolinge were hold in the Wesleyan School-room and the Mechanics' Hall. The attendance at each place was so great that it looked impossible to get another person in. At the Mechanics' the Rev. W. P. Welle was tho ohairman, and effectivo addresses were given by Mr J, Nimmo, M.L, a,, Mr Hiddlestone, of Bruns wick, and Mr Burnett. Some time was occu pied in taking pledges at the oiose, and ' for the week 835 additional names have been added to the roll. The Bendigo Advertiser states :— We learn that arrangements are in coarse of preparation for the holding of a competitive exhibition, the purpose of which will be to test the relative merits of the various brands of candles in nse in the colony — colonial and imported. The objeot of tha competi tion is, we believe, to ostablieh a fair and righteous standard, by impartial judging, for the colonial article, which has beon mnde to suffer some depreciation in the estimation of CDnsnmBrs. through what nrn alleged to be false representations. Judges are to be appointed, and the oompetition is, as we have indicated, to be open to all comers. The matter is one which may be calculated to excite some interest amongetthe directors of mining, companies, as well as the general pnblic. i The Lancefield Mercury regrets to hear that- red rust has made its appearance in: the Goulburn Yalloy to a considerable extent, and that several paddocks of wheat, which a short time ago promised an abundant yield, are now so affected by rnst as to be almost wonniGBSi j According to the Ballarat Courier,! the viotory of Lone Hand in the Steeplechase on Saturday was a very fortnuate one for the Ballarat men,, who bad backed the stable through for tbo Hurdle Race and Steeple chase, It is stated that the lucky owner of Lord Harry and Lone Hand has made several thousands by their success in i the reoent meeting, while others in the city have netted something considerable by backing the L.H.'s,- . Although the early morning of yesterday gave scant promise of the splendid exhilarat ing day which resulted, between five and six hundred excnrsioniBts proceeded by the Golden Crown to Qneenscliff and Sorrento, most of them being visitors from the conn- try, who seemed keenly to enjoy the change from the dnst of the interior to the refresh ing coolness of the Bay. A large majority of the passengers elected tc proceed to Sor rento, where a Bplendid oollation was pro vided at the Sorrento Hotel for thoBe who had not already: availed themselves of the good fare provided by the ca terer on board the steamer. During ' the day Suteh's band played some capital selec tions of sacred mnBlc, and altogether a very enjoyable day was spent. A very large number proceeded by sab to the Back Beach, 