BI0NDIN1 THE BARITONE. Bt N. Walter Swan. Pabt I.—AT SANDIBANK. The singer's deep mellow voice filled the room— " Soft o'er the fountain, Lingering falls the southern mobu : Engnt o er the mountain, Breaks the day too soon." A dark, hat., "ome fellow with a glass of wine before him, w.th a broad chest and quick Italian eyes. There must be some glory in a splendid voice such as the sjnger possessed that I, who am not a musician, could never understand. It touched me sufficiently to excite such admiration as I would have felt for a beautiful bird or any other perfect development or gift of nature, but no farther. Who has not heard of some prima donna of questionable personal attractions exercising a sway over men that made them slaves, because her notes were pure and high and she could Bcale the gamut rapidly and tetter above the heads of ordinary vocalists &$ a rope-walker, in tights and spangles, peby forms his pole dance above the open eyes and mouths of the crowd? Reporters exhaust the dictionary and invent new similes over her. and yet while the critic is writing ana labouring to cast the riches of the language at her feet the lady is taking the shortest cut towards the enjoyment of those spiritual fields of which she is represented as abnormal inhabitant, by drinking brandy i luuuiuuiv, miuiMmj viouuj and water. This dark Italian-faced fellow had stirred the enthusiasm of his listeners to the highest pitch. Not from the stage and the lights or amongst the rustle of Bilks; not in anelegant apartment where the luxury of refinement assists the sense and the dazzle of curious things harmonises with softly-toned pictures, and the elegancies that are their surround ings. He had for an audience some dozen men in the unrestrained enjoyment of shirt sleeves and pints. He had achieved the victory of arresting the tankards on their \oyages to thirsty throats. One gentleman who was morbidly enthusiastic had broken bis pipe in the fury of his applause, and sat looking at it with a smile of derision. A fervid greengrocer adopted the higher line of chastened acclaim, forgetful of asparagus or ' coming peas. The criticisms, as a general rule, were outspoken and garnished, and these men proved that they spoke from their inmost souls, 'when with one consent they asked the singer to join them, and produced b xpences, not necessarily to squauder, but as guarantees of good faith. But he had achieved a greater triumph, than this. There was a young girl present with burnished yellow hair, and a clear profile, who neither spoke nor made motion. She sat_ withher dark eyes fixed on his dark face with a won dering look. The rapt expression of her regard was deeper far than the admiration that urges to tne flinging of bouquets or the flattering of gloved hands. He sang song after song, once more con cluded with " Weary looks, yet tender: Speak the fond farewell." A dozen faces beamed on him. Foaming beer sank to flatness, pipes were allowed to go ont in the intensity of the general enjoy ment that was bestowed. They leaned over the table, these men, on their rough arms, and granted their chins and' jaws in their broad palms; and they struck the table with a vigour that moved the pipes to sudden jumps, and the pewters to inundations. And always the preferred sixpences, and the re quest to "join;" always the hush that nothing else could accomplish when the fine voice rolled out and shook the atmosphere of the room as the waves of organ notes the holy calm. And always in the shaded corner the young girl with the burnished hair, wearing the same rapt motionlessness that seemed such a contrast to the surroundings. Ijtat not the only contrast That between the singer and his admirers was if anything greater. He was refined and gentlemanly, and with a repose upon him that was weari ness, but not rest He was quick to listen, and slow to reply, except when invited to sing. Whether the invitations were prefaced i frith praise, or brusquely made, he sang at j once, as though he longed for the employ ment, and the pleasure his own voice gave i him, and the coarse but honest praises or the honest workers. So he sang far into the | night, never changing from his solemn self- i possessed bearing, and from bestowing upon the frequenters there a subtle sense of his dis- I tance and superiority. The room emptied, J and the atmosphere of Bmoke that had been ; shook and rippled by the big baritone voice Bank peaceably down. The last drinker had left his jpot, and assisted himself out by the backs of promiscuous chairs and the much enduring doorpost to his non-enduring wife, and still the girl sat in the shade i forgetful. The singer let the veil fall from j his face, and gazed abstractedly at the empty I room, and his soft black eyes appeared to I speculate dimly as to what the future might 1 bring forth. He a tap-room singer! The brilliancy of the eyes clouded, ana a frown crept like a shadow on his face. He leant bade, looking at the guttering candles; at the scattered pots, and at the gone night rantingly proclaimed by the throbbing clock with an in termittent and tottering distinctness that re minded one of heart disease. From her shade the girl watched the changing face, and when Bhe saw the lids droop and real tears proclaim the unreality of the evening's pleasure, her face paled as she rose with a thrill that seemed a presentiment, and slipped away to her dim room as noiselessly as a ghost. Margaret Martin was a visitor to the land lady of the Native Arms HoteL She had the large innocent eyes often Been in the face of wondering childhood, so seldom seen in later years. She had been born and bred be yond the range that always seemed to sleep in the imperial purple. Her parents, honest, earnest people, had called her'' the dreamer," and in their simple loving fashion consulted many a time .together, with always the same result. They must labour and drudge for their only daughter to keep her from want in the coming time, when Bhe would be alone dawning of the days ; through the mists and the sunlight, in the shadows, or the gladness their daughter filled their lives. They had no thought or time to bestow on the tenderness of the spring, the glaring brazenness of summer, when the winds ruffled pond and pool, and crept through the shivering grass; when the sad beauty of autumn was abroad. None of these things touched them—they plodded through their daily lives and ate tbeir daily bread that they might win a cer tain home for their daughter, and add some acres to the farm. Margaret Martin wandered about, dreaming of the beautiful that so strangely Btirredher. The frown of the sky on the hillside, the sudden smile of sun, " the windswept bine flowers on the rolling braeB," and the clumps of golden wattle com panioned her through these years. One murky morning, when the slate-coloured sky J Bhowed no break of blue, the father rose in I haste and silence, and harnessed his favounte | horse with trembling hands. He struck hiB spurs fiercely home, and the dull thumping of the hoof-beats passed behind the hanging mist The daughter awoke to find the house dark and still, but for the stifled moanings of her mother. She remembered the smile that came to the pained face as she sought her mother's hand, and the hopelessness as of death that was in her look. There was a whisper that might have been a prayer or a blessing, and the stillness increased with a faint singing intensity, when all the shaded window showed was a white face that was stiller than the stillness. She was beyond the reach of help, and before the year ended there were two graves on the mound above the garden, where grew the murmuring she oak. The lawyer of Sandibank Creek announced to Mr. Beattie, of the Native Arms, that he (Mr. Beattie) was one of the legal guardians of Margaret Martin, with that kind of triumphant sadness that might be supposed to actuate an undertaker who had obtained a good contract. \ " The farm's worth fifteen] dear sir, clear of everything, ai l' the hank ; all stocked and/ . <i* " ~ mahad.*-God-bless my sSi! ; !aen. Eg Martin is a kind of hei i ^ cvL orpban, too—good-look i ^-fi nd heavenB, how the old :yi. ot. . a turn next, Beattie. Glas be fryer's postscript havin ; ra. |d with, he perused th i for t fment, then swallowed it I • ■ vjony fete to be in time for the po; J". Kandibank was quite an ii ■ utial pta>. e. toasted of its gold, its pop anu its bspects. There was never a • ■ occasi^. ht the "Town and Trade andibank u not proposed and rest - a to with ferkling eloquence. With mteJecya! ferity which necessarily , liaracterises feng centres, it became a kvm. n depot tor Icieties and leagnea. Its « pities, so to ht it, were relatively great v.id on a late kcasion, when a special coo -.nttee met Lent tenders for the supy o of extract of Jmna to the children of the brotherhood, it Ksjnrtly remarked th at to worlrmg mau las rapidly asserting Hie di nity of labour, the working men of SandiV i.nk had boldly, ad successfully passed through the prelinu ary throes of , strikes and other diihwiUies, ■nd now Btood united in a strong pnolanx ftgainst the wHeaof the ^pitelist on a plat i orm with nurobiflefe patriotic plants ui it This was true. The devoted mew. iaide; their pickfr m 1-1 ■*? b - a ■' | 'ii: pewters and the discussion of the situation. They denounced' the grindings of which they were the victims; ores colonial beer, and' pro claimed their invincible determination' to stand out for 'another 2b. per week for the; Bake of their suffering wives and families: As this standing out meant lounging, through: the days, refreshing the thirst of their, ex citement with ale, and' soothing it with; tobacco, it was surprising with- what intrepid: courage and fortitude they held to their re solves. It will, therefore, be understood that? Sandibank was a bustling place, where drapers and others cut at each other with: alarming reductions so frequently that it was; a wonder they did not create a sockdpanic. When it became bruited about that Miss t Ifrj&rFarm;, was the ward of Mr. Beattie, and later that she was his visitor, there was much matronly attention shown to the poor orphan in cases where presentable sons of nve-and-twenty ■ were ■ available. In Her rare and most exceptional case it was found that the youths thus pre sented snbseqnently announced to their sym pathetic parents that they had hitherto beeo> fancy free, provided—. Ah! When they thought of her, these warriors of foot ball and veterans of cricket, they bluahied to the roots of their young whiskers, and be came so hard to please respecting the shapes of their trousers that the worthy, tailor, who took snuff and wore spectacles, was re luctantly compelled to change his cutter for one who did his work with the aid of a quad rant and an adapted system of trigonometry. About this time Sandibank was in & tremour of excitement. The ladies, especially the wives and daughters of borough and shire councillors, got up early and went to bed late plunged in thooghi as to what they should wear at a forthcoming aoirfe and ball to be held at an early date. Some great men' from Melbourne, who had given up all their time to their country's regeneration, were to be present and pour forth their patriotic de votion after tea. The committee appointed conceived the excellent idea of promoting the harmony of the evening by songs be tween the speeches, and thereafter the ball, over which dreams and sewing machines were busy. The night came at last,, dresses were, beyond comparison, rich; there were frothings of lace and surfings of silk, and jewelled breasts and all that. There was furious applause, shorthand reporters, much perspiration, and constant steam, and Margaret Martin with her innocent eyes, her clear profile, and bronzed hair, was of the gathering, wondering at the anxiety displayed by a number of gentlemen with white ties and of dthonwxire appearance as to her supplies of buna and tea. The first fervid speech caused the soles to beat the floor in a tumult of ardour that could only be bestowed by genuine enthusiasm, or an epidemic of fits. As the latter phenomenon is rather infrequent, I do not press the hypo thesis. Songs and addresses followed as announced in the bill of .fare, till in one of the pauses of waiting came the words, ' " Soft o'er the fountain." The rich voice, with a faint undercurrent of sadness in its ring, took possession of the room, filling it in every part. Even the great men forgot their pride of self-abnegation to their country, and listened and wondered who the singer was. For Margaret Martin the song held an exquisite fascination. The enchantment of it carried her away from the steam and crush to the hill sides, over the blue range where the moonlight was filtering through rustling leaves, making mirrors o? the waters to reflect stars and shimmering things that trembled as they caught it. To die pure air, the gladsome days, the shadows that changed and moved as the wind crept up to sway the branches, and sprinkle showers of yellow bloom upon the flowers below. _ These were the pictures that came to her while the thrilling voice dwelt about her with its weird symphony. The applause had not concluded when the refined-looking' Italian moved gently to the door. Beattie—in answer to an appeal from a shire councillor, thereto peremptorily urged by hi* wife—*' It is of no use, Mr. Andrews. It was only by the greatest persuasion I could prevail upon him to sing once, and that because. be thinks he owes me a service. See, he has left the room." To the young girl her pictures died out, and somehow there was a vacancy in the room, and a shadow and silence lay over it, for all the lights and voices that were there. She did not ask herself the reason of the weariness and impatience that came to her. The words last sung possessed her, and lived with her sadly like the murmur of a sea-shell. That night, when the business of " chasing the glowing hours with flying feet" had commenced, and clerks of every degree, from bank to barber, were whirling ladies with elegance and ease; when the great men, in the true humility of greatness, accepted, promiscuous introductions with the com plaisance of genius, and that overpowering love of the people which prefera cracked hands and enthusiasm to the criticising self possession of sceptics; when, in short, the union of the people and their political redeemers was as complete as it was cheering. Miss Martin left the gaieties, and dreamily found her way back to the Native Arms. The place was deserted. Honest and much tyrannised-over working men were contem plating the dance in their Sunday clothes, and criticising the speeches of the even ing. The girl languidly found her way to the corner of the room where she first heard the baritone, and sat there somewhat sorrowfully in the finery of frill and furbelow, ... and the shining things that sparkled from the soft folds of lace and other imaginings of ' the milliner. She gazed thoughtfully at the °o:)ic of tfcr -corn, epirching again farf%he . ' c l>> •' .U'' qnrntinn ■ Ult Vui Ci C.:.C- poner via. ,'nsettled -s Fro:': posJt.oti i.e.-t' m>t<iier cadence.. '' J of »-hc- voi .e came Though sofi end pleasing. i as a benediction, she sx, rted and iiunhed. j "Hsvc you -x 'ho >.oirt* and ball been, ; I uiiss? You iwve not.long stayed,'1 5 " No, Mi. Biuini :.i, T ni.t not stay. I be j came t-Tvd the ; f-ist av, \ ixuch, and I do , uol car for dancing.' i ( T11r.t1 t'elt she cou'd seaicely answer the 1 Itahun steadily, Mie iclt a, sense of isolation Mid orphanage owi her, and the singer S&w; her pretty lips quiver ar she spoke. 'It ' '-ot, (.'ten so,^ It is to me curious. \ Gung ::ukx axe at all times fond of dance." His eyes dwelt curiously on her ace, and * pk-asei expression came to his, such as an; artist H'tmid tiiow in thj examination of at choice- ph-sure ... „ ' "1 Tonld cot say 1 dislike dandtagkhd. ?! cftusetherc is the music, and it is ad waysbbaar v <r tiful. but'T prefer music by itself, wfcettwit ;V v ® '^r?rnern" OI °f the voicq, or d»otb»^ t.i — ... »«b ut wV" Mum; caiues me sway, and maklB .in^ hapiy. To-night, Mr. litondini, foot gave me such pleasing, tonughte, back to mfe some of -,ny hop^ssfc menww Tie handsome atsanger looked wito,' miraUon t«. the face and that-had come .to it 1 hat meant S i'-*'- >.... - r:. • " You do sing. Is it not so I" She shook her head. " Ah! this is unhappy. I your love for muBic understand; when you are in it you clothe around you all that is tender and beau tiful. It is to the heart joy. It is what the spirit raises. It is a world of great difference from this. For me," he struck his breast slowly with his finger, "it is everything. I of lovely music do dream. It is the world of angels, the—what your little hymn says—the ' golden shore.' Listen"— Some strange, soft melody came upon his oice, and trembled about them with a p< voice, ana trembled about them with a power that shook her. Her innocent eyes grew dim. Tli e room seemed dreamilv to her to be a charmed place because of the pleasure she felt, and her face showed the delight the singer was bestowing, while his own features took many changing expressions as he sang. " Ah, miss, it is such pleasure to know you give pleasure ! It is great happiness to give it." He sang again and again, till the midnight was past, and the dancers at the hall below . were leaving. The sound of passing voices and of laughter roused him, and he frankly offered his hand to bid " good night" " I love all that music lo%re. If this world had been better to me I could have been , more happy with my music. Men are like boats—when wrong they Bteer. A little mis-1 taken tnrn and there see rocks; and the waves they drive you till you stranded be. ! See me useless here, singing not in great theatre. Good night—reposatc bene." His voice was low, but full of feeling, and | it trembled more as his face grew weary- He watched the handsome girl leave, but before he quitted the embers of the lire their faint light showed tears. In her room Miss Martin sat down to think. The tones of the voice, the distinguished face, lienifiedbearingof the man enthralled and the dignifiedbearingof her. She sufficiently knew his reference to I the stranding to know that he had committed some error. Her thoughts kept him near, and the strange sense that suffused her when be grasped her hand remained till the coming 1 of sleep carried her to the hill-sides, where she heard the voices of the dead revived, and I mingling with the melodies the Italian had sung. The proprietor of the Native Arms Hotel I boasfied a garden that had age, and age im- ] proves gardens more than wine. This was a place wealthy in flowers and greenness, with a quaint and bosky freshness. There were clusters, and tangles, and nooks, and old trees offering shade. • Creepers had embraced and dominated all 'possible places with tendrils and gifts of bloom. About a month after the frothing of the political speeches had settled down to flat ness, and the great men of the poor men were nigh forgotten, the night came down as ra diant to look at and as calm as though the J redeemers of the people had never visited Sandibank. The garden was chequered with shadow and silver, and Margaret Martin was walking across it quickly; sometimes below | a roof where the moon strained through in | sheaves of rays; sometimes watching in the light, but hurried and uncertain. One of the farthest trees in the garden was a twisted native that had seen as many generations of aborigines pass away as there were days in spring time, and here stood waiting Biondini. When she saw him she walked to where he was, steadily and gravely; and as steadily and gravely he bowed and spoke. ! " 1 am, you see, here, miss, and I wish your pardon to ask for bringing you out. ' The hotel interruption would be too great for conversation with you, signorina. Your pardon." " Yes," the girl replied, still gravely, and with fixed composure; "l am sure you have1 something of importance to tell me or you would not request to meet me here." " Ah 1 importance to me, yes. To you? I fear not. Who can tell? I made myself bold to ask because I did think of the even-1 ings Tire spent that I will remember for ever. Have, I asked too much. If too much, then pardon me, go back. That hand, see you'J (he held a hand up in his impetuous, heroic way between her face and the sky) " would I joy to lose rather than give yon pain or cause your nnhappiness; that is bo." His voice was grave, even solemn, and his manner and bearing scrupulously respectful. There some how sat upon him, or rather with his pre sence, a hopeless sadness that had pride in it. " Jfr. Biondini, I believe you; tell me what you wish to Bay." " Thank you. I would tell you this. I am of myself ashamed. I am strong, and what you here call loafer! I am idler, I am vaga bond, I am useless. With my party in Sydney I quarrel. I leave to push my for tune. I quit stage, big towns, all that world I quit; and-no more go back. What! you say, here is strong man, strong arms, strong body, .why not he work ? Has he pride ? He cannot. Has he self-respect ? Oh! He cannot. What thinks he then not to earn his living with work that is honest ? Ah! maladetto, this is so." " You distress me, Mr. Biondini, I never thought1 thus," and she put her haud upon his arm iah shespoke, to emphasise her assurance. " Excuse me," he continued, drawing back, " I am not fit. I am what I said. You have not thought it. Why ? because too kind your heart is. But the world. Ah! what it thinks ? It will say this, 'Ho the vagabond, the gentleman without money,' and they will at me langh and point, and as your book says, 'He cannot dig, he is ashamed to beg.' Do not think I care the world to leave—the big world—there is music in the country breath, in its sky, in its green trees, and grass, and mountains. I then go to work and to respect myself." "Mr. Beattie is very fond of you, he has offered you a home here; I thought you were going to accept it" "Mr. Beattie a gentleman is of nature born.. He is manly and noble of nature," but his offer stood me up from myself, you see, and make me think. • How humbled the feel ing of my heart is now.. My hands, my bodj, • must work know. -1 therefore leave with my heart,iremembering him till I earn, and hiti pay for lodging anf the bread. -There stations are in dlenty," Biondini swept his hard rounds the contoured the hills that were lying in moonlight before them; " I can work get. Why upon myself look with great contempt any longer t' It is impossible. I will not another 'opportunity have to speak you. I cannot speak the reason why I want to tell how great pleasure and happiness ybu givj> me in. the-time I stop. Oh! if I was map with self-respect I would more say. I would tell yon—" His deep voice trembled, andhe drew his hand impatiently across his face! There was a silence that lasted long. The leaves above them and around them faintly trembled, 'and the shadows at their feet Silently moved and shifted, covering out the moonbght or giving it way to fall upon them5 ftrnt tbf glitter on the tears of Margaret Martiri asrm dew—to show evanescently the pale prowl face of the Italian. I jjj«h seemed to wait for the other to The girl said, "Will you work famf1 " I am glad to do it. I am strong, look yon. Yes, I wonld a farm prefer *, it is better than with the crowd of men that curse and are low." " Mr. Biondini, will yon now do me a favour ?" broke in Miss Martin . cheerfully, almost joyfully. " Oh! if I could only a little pleasure you." " You will go to the farm-work I find for you ?" " You give me again much courage. You again make feel to me self-respect." In his Homeric proud fashion he took her hand, and kissed it. 