; |p,j-iH£to, THE EXPECTATION OF THE CHRIST. In drawing attention to a book which has already appeared in our columns, we feel that we are doing a work of supererogation. Our readers have had these sermons before them in full, and must be well acquainted with their merits. If we say a few words farther about them it is rather to indicate the nature of the service, which we conceive is rendered in them to Christian truth, than, in the ordinary sense of the word, to subject them to critical review. The value of that service is in some respects enhanced by the place in which the lectures were delivered and published. It could hardly be expected that apologetics should have been preached from many n,riiK«nrno -nnlnits. Tfc in dninff no iniustice to an earnest body of clergymen to say that they have felt that their duty lay rather in preaching the gospel and building up the church than in defending Christianity from rationalistic attacks, and that they have bent their studies towards those objects which seemed to them most important. And indeed, though one often hears much of the wide-spread nature of modern doubt, yet as a matter of fact it is rather unbelief that is wide-spread than intellectual scepticism. That is confined to a smaller circle ; nor do we think it is of native growth, but it has come to us from across the sea, and is but little more than the repetition at second hand of what had been taught, and it was held, proved by thinkers and writers at home. No dis respect is intended to native honesty of thought. All of us are indebted very much for our opinions to what we have read; nor does it argue any want of independence to acknowledge an influence from without. But there is this danger, that what we have not made our own, by vigorously thinking out what we have heard or read, is apt to remain as a cloud upon the judgment, darkening counsel and not enlightening the mind. And as the waves of discussion and polemics reached these shores, the effect was manifest in a perceptible impatience as to some of the old restraints of belief, and a perceptible uneasiness in others for the security of the old landmarks. While some were eagerly quoting facts and reasons from Tyndall, or Darwin, or Spencer, to invalidate, as they thought, the authority of the Chris tian revelation, there were others who felt in a different way the sol vent power of modern thought. If they had not studied criticism them selves, they had heard of ' Literature and Dogma,' of ' Supernatural Religion,' of the positive philosophy, and the religion of humanity. Discussions as to the probable age and authorship of the books of the Bible as to the character of some of them, as to the meeting point of historic fact and poetic imagery, disturbed the faith around which a constant tradition about these various matters had entwined itself. Thought is active among Melbourne men, perhaps more active than patient ; men think quickly and come to conclusions speedily ; they are glamoured by a skilful disposition of plausible reason, or staggered by what seems to be an insuperable difficulty of belief. They generalise rapidly, and seem more disposed to deduce from axioms or dogmas hastily laid down than to inquire patiently into evidence of facts and induce from the knowledge so obtained. This is the explanation of a great deal of modern restlessness of belief. Men are impatient of the supernatural because it is out of the range of their experience, and hastily conclude that it cannot be ; and surely that is a bold statement to make in the presence of the mystery of life— of life in all its varieties of vegetable, animal, spiritual ; in a world of thinking, reasoning men ; of men who say the words, right and wrong, good and evil, and think the thoughts connoted by them ; of men who have in them the infinite craving for worship ; who must find vent for that impulse, even if they make a golden calf for its object— surely what is meant by the supernatural, if that term is proper, cannot be far off. We believe a great deal of this feeling is due to a desire to know how to conceive of the methods of revelation— to bring them if possible enrapport with the teachings of experience. And this feeling is not unreasonable, provided only it be not pushed too far. It becomes unreasonable when sufficient account is not taken of the limitation of our faculties, especially when they try to erect themselves towards that which is above them ; and sufficient allowance is not made for our want of knowledge. It is not safe always to conclude that what we fail to comprehend as to how it was, could not therefore have been at all ; because it is conceivable that greater knowledge would have explained our difficulty. Many of the difficulties which are alleged in the Gospels, and which in our present know ledge we cannot explain, are not therefore absolutely inexplicable. But while it is not unreasonable to seek for some approximation to the method of revelation, it is surely unreasonable that even an inexplicable difficulty should discredit the substance in which it is found. Surely if the substance of the revelation be what it is, bringing its own evidence to the spiritual faculty that it is the word of God, it is most unreasonable to discredit that evidence and all that it reveals because as to the manner of it there is what our logical faculty regards as improbable. The late Charles Kingsley said some of his wisest things in his more playful writings. And not one of the least profound was a remark which we remember in 'Water- babies,' and which was to this effect — that it was most important that anatomists should demonstrate whether man had or had not a hippopotamus major among his bones. On the absence or presence of that depended his difference from the brute. The consciousness of a reasonable soul, of capacity to speak the truth, to reverence one's parents, to say one's prayers, all went for nothing. Not unlike is the unreasonableness of a great deal of modern unbelief, and equally unreasonable many of the fears which agitate men's minds for the Baf ety of revelation, because of the methods of modern criticism. The ark of God is not in the least danger— no, not if the oxen seem to stumble. The well-meant but rash effort to preserve the sacred deposit is dangerous. ' We can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth ;' or, as a writer in the Argus aptly prefixes tos his notice of Bishop Moorhouse's Messianic lectures, a passage from Herbert, 'If truth be with thy friend, be with them both.' For ourselves we are of opinion that if modern speculation, or rather the application of its results, has its faults, and modern criticism makes its difficulties, yet that on the whole, if there be only patience, Christian revelation has everything to gain, and nothing to lose, from its literature being subjected to modern methods of investigation. Those methods may make us discard certain accretions to the faith, but they will also place in a clear light much that one had been con tented to pass without regard, and bring to light much valuable addition to our knowledge. We cannot do better in confirmation of this opinion than reproduce from a note on page 64 of the book before us, a passage from Delitzsch (Isaiah, Vol. I., pp. 61, 62): — ' We could pronounce all the disputed prophecies the production of other authors than Isaiah without coming into contact with any dogmatical assumptions ; we could even boast, as in the critical analysis of the historical books, of the extent to which the history of literature was enriched through this analysis of the Book of Isaiah. And if we seem to despise these riches, we simply yield to the irresistible force of external and internal evidence. . . . Apart from the whims of a few individuals, which left no traces behind them, it was universally assumed by both Jewish and Christian writers down to the last century that all the canonical books of the Old Testament had the Holy Ghost as their one auctor primarius and for their immediate authors the men by whose names they are called. But when the church, in the time of the Eefor mation, began to test and sift what had been handed down . . . biblical criticism sprang up, which from that time forward has been not only an inestimable, but a welcome and even necessary member in the theological science of the church ? [The church] will be no more offended that the Word of God should appear in the form of a servant than that Christ Himself should do so ; and more over, criticism not only brings any blemishes in the Scriptures to light, but affords us ever- deepening insight into its hidden glory. It makes the sacred writings, as they lie before us, live again ; it takes us into their very laboratory ; and without it we cannot possibly obtain a knowledge of the historical production of the biblical books.' The Bishop of Melbourne's lectures, called the ' Expectation of the Christ,' are an admirable illustration of the principle which has just been enunciated. The Hulsean lectures preached by the Bishop at Cambridge had prepared those who knew them to expect that in any course of apologetics which the Bishop might undertake the fullest justice would be done to the results of the best criticism, and that difficulties would neither be evaded nor denied, but that whatso ever such criticism had established would be pressed into the service of the truth. That is what we find in this book — and the service rendered thereby to the truth is very great. In the first place, and in the first lecture, in discussing the theories of eminent critics concerning prophecy— Davidson, Ewald, Schleiermacher, and others — the Bishop asserts that prophecy is (p. 7) 'the product of a divine impulse which is extraordinary and unique ; of a divine impulse and illumination fundamentally different from those by which good men ordinarily receive and make known the will of God ;' and a little above (p. 6), ' that he shall regard prophecy principally as a predic tion of the future, seeking the ground of its claim to be a divine revelation, chiefly in the fulfilment of such prediction.' But at the same time, he is careful to ' trace the connection of prophecy with its natural and historical preparations ; for thus we are enabled . . . to feel it (prophetic activity) safely founded upon the ultimate facts of religion.' We may refer also to p.p. 12 and 13. 'It is in the interest of faith, not less than in that of truth, thatl venture to' urge upon you so emphatically the consideration of this fact — that beyond unauthorised assumptions there is nothing to warrant the belief that the state of prophetic intuition differs in kind from that of religious contemplation ; while, on the other hand, there is much in the form of prophecy to encourage the idea that as the know ledge of the future springs forth generically from the understanding of the present, so does the higher intuition of the prophet from his ordinary religious consciousness. Prediction there is— divine inspi ration there is— in the glowing utterances of the prophets ; but not anything so utterly unlike our highest communion with heaven as to make all comparison between the two unfruitful and misleading.' True to this principle, the Bishop finds the starting point of all Messianic prediction in the historical circumstances _ in which the prophet found himself, and the spiritual teachings which were demanded by the needs of his time. Each period, accord ing to its needs, suggested the form of which faith in the divine covenant inspired the hope ; the unique and special afflatus magni fied that form into an Ideal ; and, by the very force of its insight, pushed the hope still further into the future. Every age added of its own peculiar spiritual treasure to the enrichment of that idea. The effect being, as the Bishop points out with considerable force, that we get several distinct lines of idealization, and some of these ap parently the negative of others, which nevertheless are found in the end to converge and harmonise in one. Of the truth of this rationale of prophecy we have long been persuaded ; and we are thankful to the Bishop for the luminous setting in which he has exhibited it. It is that which alone seems to us to be fairly yielded by the facts. It is the only theory which assigns a reason for the prophet speaking at the time in which he did. At the same time it alone accounts for that elevation of thought and feeling which carried him into the future of the Divine counsels, and idealised all his own most earnest utterances, whether of hope in ' God with us, as in Isaiah, or of mourning and suffering as in Jeremiah, or m Psalm xxii., or Isaiah liii. In many places the primary and personal surroundings are too plain to be passed over as in Isaiah vii , viii., ix. In others, however, they are not nearly so dis cernible as in that Ideal which arises out of them. Christ is nearer to us than David, or Isaiah, or Jeremiah. This is peculiarly the case with those prophecies of the suffering Messiah to which we have just referred in Psalm xxii. or in Isaiah lui. We have not space to follow the Bishop's exposition of these principles through the chief historical periods of Biblical history. The divine ' Ideal is seen to advance from the earlier Theophanies belonging to a ruder and less- instructed age to that of the Ideal Servant of God, the Anointed of the Eternal, the Ideal King, the Ideal Deliverer, the Ideal Prophet whose report no one hears, the Ideal righteous Man who is despised and rejected of men, the Ideal Priest who shall build the temple of the Lord. One point which the Bishop makes we may notice, because we do not remember having ever seen it made before. In the post-Babylonian period the most prominent personalities were the priest and the scribe. But yet, though at the time the scribe already showed some signs of the great development which he was destined to receive, in which he overshadowed the priesthood and quite displaced the prophet, the Messianic inspirations of that era never turned to an Ideal Scribe, but rather to ' the Priest on the throne,' and to the ' righteous Branch' of David's vine. It was Joshua, the high priest, and Zeruhbabel, the governor, not Ezra, the scribe, who served as the groundwork from which the prophetic hopes winged their upward flight. This, to say the least, is remark able. ' To have described Messiah as the Great Scribe would have been to misrepresent Him, and so to fall into a grievous error' (p. 90.) The eighth lecture embraces a period which is notwithin the circle of the canonical Scriptures, unless, indeed, the Book of Daniel is to be referred to the later date. But it was one in which the Messianic idea, as conceived in Daniel, found development for itself in apocalyptic visions; As ' the fulness of time' came on this apocalyptic litera ture became abundant and active. It remains on in such works as the Book of iEnoch, the Sibyl, the second and other Books of Esdras. Perhaps few ordinary readers of the Bible are aware of how much this peculiar literature affected the popular notions of the Messiah which were current in the days of our Saviour. It is through this apocryphal Scripture, much more than through the stream of Judæo-Græco philosophy, of which Alexandria was the chief seat, that the Messianic idea, though less ideal, more earthly, is kept alive in the later ages. In the schools of the learned it maintained but a feeble existence. It may be discovered, rather than is manifested in certain passages in Wisdom and Ecclesiasticus ; it is discernible in a few other passages of the books called the Apocrypha. ' In Philo (p. 94) the idea of the Messiah has become, 'says Dorner,' a dead coal;' though his teaching concerning {the Logos may be regarded 'as a speculative preparation for the great Christian doctrine, as unconscious, we may be sure, as it was striking, and providential' (p. 95). Even in the Gospels the scribes and the doctors are represented as very sceptical of Messianic pretensions, and as disposed to repress rather than advance the influence of prophetic hopes. Our Lord, in maintaining his claim to fulfil the Scriptures of the prophets, found. Himself opposed equally, to the rationalism and dogmatism of the learned as to the fanaticism of the ignorant. The ninth lecture is devoted to .the consideration of a subject of great preliminary importance to; the. conclusion toward, which the lectures tend. The method of citation from the Old Testament which is observable in the New Testament writers— how are we to understand the oft- recurring formula and its equivalents— ' that the Scriptures might be fulfilled.' In his treatment of this subject, which does not very materially differ from that of Dr. Jowett in his essay on ' St. Paul's Epistles,' and to whom reference is frequently made, the Bishop displays the same power of combining the natural with what, for want of a better word, we may call the supernatural, which. he has shown in his historical development of the Messianic idea. The writers of the New Testament had their own surroundings of habit and education. These habits and this education directed them in their references to what holy men of old spoke ; but this was in subordination to an inspired spiritual insight which enabled them to perceive and grasp the higher meanings of the Word of God. The following note (p. 112) from Farrar's Life of Christ will be welcomed by many as throwing some light upon a reference which it is difficult otherwise to comprehend: — ' The Old Testament is full of proofs that the Hebrews, who in philology accepted the views of the Analogists, attached immense and mystical importance to mere resemblances in the sound of words. To mention but one single instance, the first chapter of the prophet Micah turns almost entirely on such merely external similarities, in what, for lack of a better term, I can only call the physiological quantity of sounds. St. Matthew, a Hebrew of the Hebrews,' would without any hesitation have seen a prophetic fitness in Christ's resi dence at this town of Galilee («Nazareth), because its name recalled the title (Netser, the Branch) by which He was addressed in the prophecy of Isaiah.' . . Having thus cleared his way, the Bishop, in the last lecture, sums up what has been attempted. . The conclusion is urged, with much rhetorical force, and in paragraphs ascending from the equability of discussion to the eloquence of passion, and charged with highly wrought feeling. But our few concluding remarks must be ad dressed once more to the method which the lecturer has followed rather than .to the actual conclusions which he has reached. The Bishop says (p. 118) : — 'I have assumed nothing as to the age and authorship of the sacred books but what is granted equally by sceptics and believers — equally by Davidson and Keil, by Kuenen and Delitzsch. Over and over again I have been tempted to enter upon questions of criticism ; such, for instance, as the age of the alleged Deutero-Tsaiah, of that of the second part of Zechariah, or of the Book of Daniel. Always, however, I have resisted the temptation, and assumed nothing more for the purposes of these lectures than the most adverse criticism is prepared to grant. Whatever, therefore, may be said of the accuracy of my reasoning, of the facts upon which that reasoning is based there can be no question. Secondly, I would remind you that I have relied in no case upon contested interpretations of particular passages. My reference in every instance has been to the historical dcvelop -ment of great ideals— as that of the King, the Priest the Sufferer, and that messenger of Jehovah who in some mysterious way is regarded in the earlier writings of the Hebrew people as Jehovah Himself. In tracing the growth of these ideals I have admitted the commanding influence of historical events and personages, recogni sing the signs of that influence both in the outward form of prophecy and in the particular periods when its several elements attained their most complete expression. However differently, therefore, men of various schools or faiths may interpret particular texts, these diffe rences cannot seriously affect that general teaching of Israelitish thought and history on which I have alone relied.' To our own mind this is one of the excellencies of the book ; but it may give rise to some misapprehension. There are some who think that in apologetics for the faith you must yield nothing. Unlike Ray mond de Berenger, who, for honour's sake, left the shelter of his castle, and paid the penalty of his fantastic chivalry, the Christian apologist, it is thought, ought to abide behind whatever ramparts of dogma pious tradition has 'erected for the defence of the faith. Certainly there are questions which to concede is to concede the Gospel. St. Paul admits that if Christ be not risen then were he and his brother apostles found false witnesses of God. And yet even he argues with those who denied that there was any resurrection, and shows the inconsistency of their denial with the faith which they professed. Certainly, too, no convenient outpost is to be surrendered at the first bold summons. Nevertheless, there are positions in modern polemics as well as in modern warfare in which fortresses are often found to be more hindrance than help ; when we must march out that we may not be taken at a disadvantage, that we may choose our attack, and not be forced to fight an unreal issue. Nevertheless, it is as well to point out that the Bishop has not given his opinion upon many of the subjects in dispute respecting which he has affirmed only what all would grant. But the great advantages to be derived from the method which he followed are these : — First, that he gains a solid foundation for his operations. There is presented a body of fact, historical and literary, about which there is no dispute. No one, like the Scotch savant, 'can deny the fact. The mind is freed from collateral inquiries, and from the distraction of side issues, and is able to bend itself honestly to consider what is the spiritual teaching which this mass of fact yields when put into the crucible of reverent inquiry. Be sure all that is yielded is pure gold. Then, again, .the Bishop shows, after conceding all that any one makes a' fair. 'demand should be yielded, what an immense vein of spiritual truth remains to be worked. How unim portant is that which rationalists deny, compared with that which remains after the utmost weight is given to their denials; not only 'that, but as surely it is but justice to add, how much of spiritual value has been added to our knowledge by those whose criticism our orthodoxy is often disposed to challenge. Dean Stanley, in his lectures upon the Jewish Church, acknowledges heartily his indebtedness to Ewald, and no one who has read the Dean's lectures, or the German professor's history, but will acknowledge with grati tude what he has received through the study. The Bishop has enriched his lectures with notes from writers of all classes, and has pressed testimonies from Kuenen, as well as from Delitzsch and Hengstenberg, from Matthew Arnold and from Canon West cett, from Dean Milman and from Dean Smith. Once more, the hearty desire to do justice to what is valuable in those whose teaching we believe to contain fundamental error, is not only helpful to ourselves if we would be delivered from wilful ignorance, but is extremely helpful in earnest controversy, because it disarms prejudice and evokes a corresponding candour. And if our estimate of the restlessness of our modern nature in regard to matters of faith be correct, then there could hardly have been a better conceived method to establish the waverers— to strengthen those that stand, to recall those whose heads were turning, if not turned, the other way, to rebuke the pretentious sciolist, and bid the more earnest of the materialists to look more heedfully to his logic and more accurately to his facts, than the earnest, patient, and scholarly way in which the Bishop has held up to our reasoning minds, to the doubting, yet longing, souls of men — 'The Expectation of the Christ,' 