^mmmnU. WHITE'S ROOMS—" Rainford's Ghost" was witnessed by a large number of people on Thursday evening. The performance passed off without any hitch, and the public by their frequent applause appeared to be thoroughly satisfied with the entertainment. TO-MOEBOW EVENING'S CONCEET.—A very large attendance is expected to-morrow evening at the Mayor's fifteenth popular concert. Though the full force of the Philharmonic Society has teen engaged, with several professional instrumentalists to strengthen the Band, there will be no extra charge. At the final rehearsal last night some choruses from the " Bohemian Girl, : "Norma," "Satanella," &c.;, were excellently rendered, and the programme presents a fine selection of secular music. No other Saturday night concerts will be given after this till August THEATRE ROYAL.—There was a much larger attendance at the Theatre on Thursday evening, when Shakspeare's play of " The Merchant of Venice" was repeated. The great character of Shylock is one of Mr. Creswick's masterpieces, and, as on the night before, he made a great impression. He was well supported by the company, and the performance throughout was a most enjoyable one. To-night Mr. Creswick will appear in his great part of Cardinal Wolsey, in Shakspeare's historical drama " Heniy TUT." RIFLE MATCH AT MALLAIA.—Mr. J. C. Zollner, of Lower Light, writes to say that our correspondent "omitted to mention in his report of this match that Mr. Taplin gave both Messrs. Thomas and Cowan 20 points. The distances were 150, 200,250, and 300 yards, seven rounds at each distance, and_ Mr. Taplin gave the gentlemen named five points at each range. Mr. Taplin made 32,28,17, and 23 points at each distance respectively. Mr. Thomas's score was 23,16, 10, 10. Mr. Cowan's 20,18, 6,6. Thus Mr. Taplin beat Mr. Thomas by 41 points, or less handicap 21; and Mr. Cowan by 50 points, less handicap 30." THE DUDLEY CBICKET MATCH.—The match between the Australian Eleven and Eighteen of Dudley has resulted in a draw, as play was stopped by the bad weather. The Eleven scored 240 in their second innings, and the Eighteen had lost seven wickets for 40 runs when the stumps were drawn. THB REV. CHARLES CLAHK.—This gentleman will give his popular lecture entitled "Westminster Abbey," in the Town Hall, Port Adelaide, to-night. 