THE MERCURY. - MONDAY MORNING, JUNE 17, 1878. Tue letter written by His Excolloncy the GovEttNOtt to tho Chief Justice is one of the most singular instances of tho. power of a fore- gone conclusion that wo have ever witnessed. Wo stand before it, mentally, in wonder and amazement, hardly knowing how to criticise, elucidate, or disencumber its ideas. It seems to tia that its backbone, is a moro echo of the original Despatches, which aro quoted as creatures in authority from "whose dictum there is no appeal, while its musclos of action ave but bare and bald assertions of the meaning of the Secretary of State's Despatch, and assertions equally bald and bare contravening the avouchments of His Honor the Chief Justice. If the Governor's mind is really so woddod to its own preconceived ideas, such as wo seo manifested in his unique interpretation of Lord Carnarvon's decision, it soeins positively hopeless for us to oxpect that his judgment will be affected by the telling arguments of Sir Francis Smith. We did not lliink it possible, by any stretch of, imagination, that 'words gould be strainod so painfully irora their legitimate and " technical" moaning. Nor did we conjecture -that ingenuity and sophism could afford a pleasant shelter whereby high officialism might escape from ,tho ' acknowledgement of defeat. Wo always thought, ¡ and we yot think-although with a keen sense of disappointment and pain wo aro compelled to point out ihp divergence in Tasmania-that the fundamental law of exalted position was noblesse Migo j and wo hold thajt it will bo an evil day for rank, power, and birth, wjjoji this, its first principle of lifo, and tho vory elenjent of its real force, is swept anide and lost in raero po}\ sidorations of solf aggrandisement. He who is ' really groat, can most grn,cefulfy yield, and such self-training do wo expect from our rulers ; they should be the first to bund tho head ¡to ¿puth, not tho first to strugglo against tho sovereignty of that truth, for hore would wo stata distinctly ' and emphatically that we look to our mon. in authority for sober judgomont upon main,' straightforward fnets, not for fanciful deductions from obscuro and sophistical théorie«. Had His Excellency confined his dofenco to quotations from his own Despatches, wo might have de- plored the narrowness of hit view, but wo should not havo disputed his right, if ho thought it ad- visable, to place such inordinate value upon these productions ¡ but wo aro bound to disprove tho GovKHifoii's right to «stract such supposed material from the Secretary or State's De- spatch 'as would ¡»validate that nobleman's charaetor for straightforward and honourable ac- tion. Whatever Mr. Weld may think of ,the valuo^of ambiguity, wo can foarlcssly assort that by British statesmen it ¡b a Uno of conduct "moro honoured in the broach than in the obser- vance." By what method of construction His Excellency makos the extraordinary statoment-"Lord Carnarvon's words 'tech- nically right ' are full of moaning, To say ' technically right ' differs but little, if at all, from saying otherwise than technically wrong," we confess wo utterly fail to under- stand. That the Governor is not in play, but in sober earnest, while enunciating this strange criticism upon Lord' Carnarvon's moaning, this paradox ontailing an uttor bowildermont of idea, wo cannot for one moment doubt, for we dotoct such an air of joyous superiority through- out the wholo of the assumption, as though His Excellency were rejoicing at tho opportunity of setting every one right, that wo feel assured there is only grave conviction, and not an iota i of josting in Mr. Weld's mind, as he pro l pound» this delusivo fancy.' There j* PFerjr sign of the spirit of a man who has made an important discovery by his own exceeding shrewdness ; a discovery that the ignorant mul- titude could not detect. Shall we be bold enough to admit that our perception completely failed to find this well-hidden meaning under the seemingly frank language used by the Secre- tary oif State, theroby gaining the favour of His Excellency's countenance as will somo-wo know of. We tremble before two decisions-öithor to consider His Excellency's wonderful discovery a myth, a figment of tiio brain, au ignis fuinus, or else to deny our own intelligence, and to charge Lord Car- navon with quibbling and casuistiy in place of recognising his decision as the intelligible utterance of an English Statesman. But even His Excellency's wrath is preferable to dis- honour, so wo dally not with our decision, but gathering up our courage we determino to call a spade aspado, although the tool be held by Vice- regal hands. Wemustconfossthatweshouldvory much like to know what is the exact meaning of His Excellency's explanation of the phrase " technically right," for we utterly fail to grasp any impression whatsoever from tho dogma adduced that the words signify " otherwise than technically wrong. " What does this explanatory sentence imply? Should it convey to our in-, tolligenco a sort of middle meaning, a suspension in thought's mid air Uko a second Mahomet's coffin, or are we to apprehend that there is an extra division between right and wrong, which only minds of finely attenuated calibre can hold visible and real? But whatever may be the capabilities of foreign languages to express unlimited shades of meaning, wo are yot in ignorance that our English tongue, aB spoken by true-hearted Englishmen, has any tendency to fostor deception. It is ossontially tho languago of hearty dov/nrjghtness, and is wholly unsuited for the finesse of a Talleyrand. Thereforo we hold that its interpretation is best rendered by candid roality and outspoken vigour, rather than by fanciful imaginings, and specious ren- derings. The Governor's answer to Sir Francis Smith is peculiarly unsatisfactory, for if wo exempt tile moro assertions, uiiBustained by any evidence or force of argument, there is practi- cally no attempt made to disprove His. LToNon|s decided and well-arranged averments. Chis samo defect was also equally glaring in tho com-, munications of His Excellency received ly Mr. Justice Dobson, Jn the Puisne Judge's letters were many serious allégements ¡ but we notice that tho Governor deals somewhat sum. .marily with all Mr. Dohson's cited examples, as though the law of precedent wero too obscuro or too remote for the elucidation of the notorious Hunt pardon, Jfc has struck us moro than onco that the new reading of the Beibey Govern- ment's law has influenced His Exobli,i;ncy with considerable olïoct. tyo-fear that the disposition to regard preoedent as a fossilised power has more or less warped the integrity of His Excel- lency's judgment, for wo must reluctantly con- fess that we observo an air of impatience per- vading Mr. Weld's words, whenever ho is forced to answer either of the Judges upon the praotioal bearing of the law of preccdont. Wo consider that the admirable illustrations given by Mr. Dobson wore even curtly set aside by His Excellency, and we are mahned to wonder why the Puisne Judge did not amplify his subject so as to command attention to tho worth of his statements, inasmuch as wo can only imagino that the aptness of explanation afforded by the precedent simply failed to arrest His Excellency's close attention, because a bias gf prejudicostruggled against admitting the singular worth of the representation. It puzzles us a.little to understand why Mr. Dobson throw down his weapons whon so deftly handled, and why he expressed himself as perfectly satisfied with His Excellency's assurances, when those assurances were mainly confined to tho maintenance of former convictions, and the especial validityof the Despatches in question. Another strong point scored by tho Puisno JunoB, ashwell as by the Chief Justice is the exposure of tho suppression of Mr, Bkomby's second minute, bearing date January 25th. Wo wish to show clearly and' full}' tho actual facts concerning this transaction, because its history is somewhat perplexing if road only by the feeble explanation -.vouchsafed by His Ex- cellency. This unknown minute caine to light in consequonce of tho Judges' arguments that, if the Attornoy-Gcneral's assumption of tho powers of a Court of Ajipeal, by his memorandum of January 10th, went in to tho Governor attached to the Ministerial Memo- randum, it constituted a strong corollary proof of the Cabinet's agreement therowith, Tho state- ment that it was so appended was mado by His Excellency himself in his own mémoran- dum, dated January g4, 1877. But it now ap- pears that tho words quoted wero not from Mr. Bromby's memorandum of January 10, but from a Ministerial memorandum, which," in its MS form, had Mr. Bromby's opinion written thereon j i.e., Mr. Bromby's remarks concerning Mr. Justice Dobson's minute re Edwin Hunt were written on the same sheet as the Ministerial memorandum, and it was to this Minute Mr. Weld referred when ho wrote of " the Attor- ney-General's minute attached to Ministers' memorandum of this day. " As the Judgos did not know of the existence of this particular Minute, it was no wonder that they imagined through- out the controversy that His Exokllijnoy's description was of the known memorandum bearing dato January 10, 1S77. It is somewhat strange that Mr. Weld did not investigate the mistake earlier, for ho has known from the beginning of the judicial correspondence that their Honors' took their impressions from his words, and not from moro fancy or caprice. But it is not wonderful that the Judges failed to detect tho error, for the very simple reason that they had no knowledge whatsoever that a second memorandum by Mr.' Bromby had over been written. How could they ? for it now transpires that by the exorcise of that strange power which scrupled not to interpolate dates, and arrango a fictitious correspondence, the Ueibey Ministry actually suppressed Mr, .Bromby's remark, when printing tho memorandum, and allowed the Printer to ostensibly certify to .having printed the M.S. complete, yet leaving a material portion of the M.S. imprinted j, and, moreover, such alterations wore mado in the _ actual memorandum- as would suit the addition of the Attorney-General's signa- ture, for Mr. Bromby's name was taken from the minute, where alono it stood ; the said minute was obliterated ; and the name of O. H. -Bromby waa attachod to tho mémorandum which ho had never signed. Daro any one conçoive that sucli management to suit oircumstanoes of personal exigency would ever influence and control gentlemen holding tho high position of Ministers of the Crown ? Or might any one hazard a conjecture that such oontrivanco was for the purposing of creating a falso im- pression ¡ or, again, could any one presume to guess that His Excellency would have remained either ignorant of the decoption, op elso a | passivo instrument of support to Ministers while they thus conjured with the State papers ? To this subject wb shall return anon, as we consider it necessary to show this transaction in all its ramifications of orror ¡ meanwhile wo havo briefly outlined the bearings upon, the judioial con- | trovorsy, inasmuch as some confusion of idoa I had arisen therefrom. Havino oxhaustod, as far as possiblo or nocossnry, all the points urged by His Excellency in favour ,9f*,his statements and Dospatohes, wo find ourselves eómptrHerl io examino some star- tling remarks which touch upon til© liberty of tho Près*. Wo do not intend .to follow Ifis Excellency in his vagua allusions to 2Vie Mercury, for we considor that our correctness is so substantiated by the Dospaiohes thomsolves that it would bo somewhat uko " tjtk,lng a eledge hammer wherewith ¡lo kill a gnat" if wo sought to contradict the innuendo of uicorrcctness, when that innuendo is destroyed by the .testimony of tho Despatches themselves ; but we should, for curiosity's sake, much like to know the precise meaning of tho veiled declaration, that The Mercury " was carofully prepared to damngo tho ,GovBB!f.QR." If His Eweelisncy look a less retrospective y>ow, difficulties which now disturb would no ver ni ¡so, for breadth of idoa and an 1 oxpansivo outward look do moro to fit a man for genjol and ablo command than docs any aniount of dry self .reflections ¡and this matter eonoorning ourselves, small as jt is, furnishes a forcible illustration of the .vitality of the maxim ; for had His Excellency sought for information., jnstoad of evolving it from his own inner conscjousnoHu, ho would havo avoidod an error which, iii his position, is most unseemly. Wo rsgard as strange jiho upbraiding of Sir Francis Smith for " stooping to call the Secretary or State's attention to a newspaper," sinco wo belio'vo that Mr. Weld himself is by no means disinclined to thus mould tho voice of the vulgar multitude, but wo conclude that as said a Colonial Church worthy of pif,rjy times, so says His Excellency, "follow what t teaeh, not what I practico ¡ " and, thoroforo, wo do not quarrel with tho words, since the actions ara bo diverso, but wo do quarrel with the imputation bo unnecessarily obtruded by His Excellency-an imputation utterly unfounded in fact, and a» destitute of gracefulness jp U is cf trutbiulnew-that our advocacy of the righi« of the judgment-seat was prepared ; that is, wo assume, if wo may daro to put His Excellences language into plain English, that our opinions were guided and arranged-not spontaneous And unfettered. "What may be His Excel- lency's expcrienco of newspaper guidance, we oannot pretond to say-something leads us to think it not -such as can bo approved-but we do know our own ivll'aii3 more accurately fhan can His Excellency in his moat shrewd surmises or conjectures. For ourselves we should not say one word, but we instinc- tively feel that this sentence of His Ex- cellency is intended to reflect upon their Honora the Judges. Therefore, for simple truth's sake, we hero state, and wo defy con- tradiction, that our words have been and are unbiassed by either Judge. We never had a word with either on the . subj-ct. Our relations with them wero as apart, commu- nication as inexistent with thom, as with the Governor. A stronger denial we cannot givo. Wo had no motive, savo vour straightforward duty to the public interest, and our lovo of English fair play, in giving our Biipport to tho judiciary when its dignity was menaced. Itneoded not His Excellency's covert disparagement to itfako us aware of the anamoly of our position, but anomalous as may appear that position, wo are yet perfectly satisfied that our course is right, reasonable, and, in reality, not discordant with those principles of conservation which wo profess and uphold. But who is this that speaks^of "stooping to call the Secretary op State's .attention to a newspaper 1 " What a pity Mr. Weld has .not a better memory, or that ho pre- sumes so much on tho forgetfulness of others. Ho who sneop at t|¡o Clump Justice for thus " descending into the arena,1' is the same Mr.' Weld who in his Despatch to the Secretary or State, No. 11, dated 11th February, 1877, writes-and certainly under a misapprehension in so far as wo are concerned:-"Tho Tasma- nian press has contained numerous references to my Memorandum of January 5th, and, so far as I an} awaro, they have all boen of a highly favourablocharaoler, , , , ThoMejbourno.¿li'¡/i« has, howover, a leading article'which takes a different view in somo respects from mino, and that, I believe, of all, or almost all, tho lead ng men ef both parties in Tasmania. Viewing the position held by tho Argus amongst the Aus- tralian papers, f enojosa a, copy of the article in question, as it is of advantage tq look i|pon a question from both sides. Not so bad this from ono who spoaks of " stooping " to oall attention to a newspaper. lint perhaps Mr. Weld is qn6 qf fljq^o who approve of the system of ethics that froids "That in the captain's but a choleric word, Which lu the soldier is Hit blasphemy." As tho support oí lawful authority and power, conservatism is the moro bound to oppo' ¡ and war against every form of over arrogatiou and every torm qf tyrannical njigl}t. inasmuch ns thos« evils aro the very origin of demooratio disorder and ultra-liberal recklessness. Thoy are, as it wero, the focus of strength, whorofrom tho' theories of domagognos obtain thoir only reasonable support, and therpfoi'o, pvory lover of law and order is morally bound to strike a blow for the domoUshinënt of overy form of that agressive self- assertivonoss -whian, is but tho other ond of the circle which boglns the monstrous evils and enormities of radicalism. It is singular how strangely alike in many particu- lars is our position with that Qf Yiptovia For example : Wo have the two GovBiiNpns found guilty of divulging private conversation j the two Governors found guilty of granting sup- plies, without the sanction of Parliament-for wo can never ovorlook the Henry warrant with its strange history, and the numerous other warrants by which our Governor tided the Beihey Administration over its difficulties with- out tho intervention of Pailiainont ; the two. Governors found guilty of stretching overy power of their ofiico to favour the so-g.dlod ultra-Iiboi'fîl Government ¡ _ and tlio two Go- vernors, so uager to reign in an antipo- dean fashion, that the radical press becoinos the Governor's confidant, and tho voico ot law and order is condomnod for its daring in battling for the principles of conservative safety. The Argus in Victoria and tho Metenrg in Tasmania are now in the samo position, for conservatism is evidently distasteful to the higher powers that be, and so the advocacy of tho30 principles which have made tho Empire of Britain ronownod for her national greatness, "is, by a startling metamorphosis of fact, mado io appear as an aggressive warfare against consti- tuted authority. Wo can safely assert for onr contemporary, as for ourselves, that we yield tg none in our respect for tljo offices of tho Queen's Representativo, tin« Judges, and tho Ministors ; but wo hold it as no rovoronco for thoao ollices should wo fall to criticise, and, if necessary, con- demn -tho action of tho men who hold those posts of honour. The degradation of oflioo is not effected by fair and necessary criticism, nor is public hostility ever provoked by mero press prejudice. Bin overy form of official life is in- juree}, and its status lowered by wrong diiing ; the evil often increased, helped and conGrmed by the very want of that watchful oversight which it is the right and the. duty of the Press to exorcise. Wo notico that His Excellency in another passage soriously deprecates thq freedom of the Press, and soems to imagino that any pifblic criticism upon tho action of Govomors, Judgos, or Ministers, is, if not wholly infra dig, 'yet that namoloss something which is vaguely spoken of as not quite tho thing. No\v, if pur roading and know ledgo of English literature aro not to bo wholly falsified by the daring of this suggestive innuendo, wo contend that Englishmen con- scious of the rectitude of their principles and actions openly court the investigation of public opinion, and that tho chief reason why the official rule of Britain is so wolcomo, effective, and wholesome, is because the daylight of legiti- mate onquiry pervades the ranks, and no dark corners aro Boreoned from the scrutiny of the public eye. Whenever it is otherwise, whether in one department or the gpnovai whole, in exact ratio as there is unfair concealinont and dread of investigation, thero will co-exist in- efficient administration at the loast, and at the most gross corruption. Tn this 19th coutury, an ago of progresivo en- lightenment, when from our vantage ground of observation and'reflection we can see, calculate, and realiso tho errors which have strewn our past ages with follies, and wrecked scores of of their most promising argosies, wo rebel against overy suggestion to blind our oyos and enfooblo our j udgment. It sounds strange to now hear those ideas enunciated as worthy of intimation, that caused the havoc of rebellion, and the horrors of civil war. If no other period of English'history proclaims with trumpet sound its warning note against the worth of these theories, and manifests with vigorous strength of argument that they aro but ghosts of fallacies long, since passed away and gone, tested, ayo tested by England's last heart's blood, and found by Truth's unerring crucible utterly wanting ii) worth and beauty-the Stuart dynasty would alone snflicb. The fatality which culminated upon OiiAiti/ijs I. and James II. was only held in abeyance durjiig the reigns of James I. and Charles II., beoauso tljo people patiently boro rathor than rebol, and it was only the growing kingcraft of tho3o monarchs that absolutely forced tho law-loving chivalry of England to cast aside chorished tradition and to battle for liberty. The " divine right of kings," as Pora liai» said, '" to govern wrong " was ornshod to doath by tho might of old England, and wo know not any wiso man who would wish to resuscitate an orror ho untonabio in argumont, and so disastrous in its oonsecpionaag, Wb hay*? yet to loam that our Governors, Judges, and Ministers desire to undo England's grandest work by arrogating a freedom from criticism, and an absoluto immunity from all rebuke, no matter what thoir official negligence, tyrongnem, or incapacity, Wo foul glad that the Chidp Justice has moro than onoo answered this sug- gestion, and wo hoaitily endorso the principle ho pnungiatod, that being Judged does 'not unman and donriyo thom of the rig-lits of citizens, and that being Judgos «loos not raise mon above', or apart from just criticism. Hi? tyoiiou-'s straight- forward disclaimer shows flint tim Judges hold In horror tho theory of tho diviuo riglft qf Kings, and wo scarcely think our Miuistops ara so wanting in mother wit as to claim the owner- ship of a costly old toy now broken lu piceos, and practically useless for purposes of wear, If our GoyiîRtfoitri omçsp themseivus by trying to repair tho battered temple, vq omi only say " more's tho pity;" ft is bofli time anil Jabour Jost, for thoy may rest ussuvod that however tlioy may hammer it into shape, thoy will never be alloyed ,to wuar it upon tho breast willoh dons tho uniform of oijr Cracigus Queen. The English Mail.-On tho oirival of tho Mangana at Launceston, it was ascertained that ti q .Siam with the English mails on boaul had i cached King George's ftouud on Thursday, and it was added that slip might bo ojinectflJ at Melbourne on Thursday fiist. If, however, wo may Judge by flip forinor passages of thó Siam, wo shall not bo sur- prised if she put in nn appearance afMolbourne a day oarlior, tho Tasmanian portion of tho inails reaching Launceston on Thursday. Pon'iville.-A gcnoial mooting of tho Beading Boom Association is to bo held ou Wednesday ¡ evening, Mails Delayed.-The mails for Thomas Plains, Krushka's Bridge, aud Blue River, were not de- livered on the 12th-inst. owing to Hoods in tliose districts. ' j The Tasmanian, Cable.-A telegram in .the Argus from Flinders, says :-During the heavy northerly cale on Tuesday night, the fore and aft schooner Martha, from Western Tort for Melbourne, caine to au anchor off here botween'lO and 11 o'clock, but instead of going to the northward of the sub- marine cable buoys, she dropped anchor to the southward, directly over the cable, and -it appears that her anchor must have dragged, and'fouled the cable, the heavy strain causing it to part. The communication was, of course, at once interrupted. On Thursday, the weither having moderated some- what, the vessel weighed anchor to bhift to the proper anchorage, when it is stated she brought the cable up to her bows. The master admits.having got hold of something. * The fracture is not more than a mile from the shore. A terrific S.W. gale, with an unusually heavy rainfall, was experienced hero last night. To toe West Coast.-For the information of those interested in tin mining and other enterprises, on tho West Coast, wo may state that after to: morrow two new maps will bo available for inspec- tion at the Lands and Works Olüoo-ono prepared by Mr. Counsel, showing the routo along which he has oleared and marked a track via Lake St. Clair towards the Pieman River, and giving a consider- able amount of information as to the general fea- tures and geological formation of the country passed thiough ; and a similar map prepared by Mr. Frod sham, showing the route he adopted, aud the "routes ho tried in the endeavour to get through from the Great Boiuhof the Gordon (that is the end of Daw son's lload>) to Macquarie Harbour. Dawson'« road, wo may add, is now open and passable for a chaise cart a little beyond the Florentino, and it is is hoped that next summer a passable track will be formed through tq tlie highest navigable point'of the Gordon, which is variously stated at from 10 to 30 milos from Macquarie Harbour. The Tararua's Horses.-The s.s. Tarama left again for New Zealand at 3 o'olock on Saturday afternoon, taking one dying and three dead horses, part of tho shipment of nine draught horses, which the Tarama was taking from Melbourno to Mr. | Clarson, of Dunedin. One of the nine died ou the trip from Melbourne to liuro, and was thrown over- board, .and three others died after the vessel's arrival in port. Theso threo, and the fourth, which was in a dying condition, wero taken out to sea by the steamer on Saturday, with the intention of throwing them overboard, The other four were landed hero and loft in Taylor's stables, Eli?»., betb-strnot. whorp tljoy will Lo attonded to until it "is decjdod'what to do with them. The treatment which this shipment of horses re- ceived was the subject of general comment on Saturday. They wero put on board with stout iron shoes on thom, and placed, in stalls where tljqy v/p.rq bqunil tq ttqtuo iq gfjef fn the ldàsî rough weather, instead, of which thero should have boon slung in soparato boxes, so that if ono horse buc omiiood tlioro would ha no chanco of it killing the others. Shortly after the arrival of the Tarama hero on Friday night arrangements were made for the landing of the horses, mid then followed.n. SP00!08 qf cvuglty tp anirnals. that merited the strongest uondciuiialion. The horses were, wo aro informed, dragged, put of the hold of tho vessel by a chain fastened round the neck, and then dropped on the deck. Ono poor brute, which .was in a very bad. condition, was left lying on the wharf alongside the stoamnr from an early hour on Saturday morning {liîtil ''2 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and riot {fie slightest attempt made oithor to revive it, or put it out of its misery. The genoral opinion of horse dealers who saw this animal was, that with caro mid attention it could have been made strong again, but nothing of the kind was attempted, and the hçrae was taken on boards ftgli'î I!1 the jiaiiie helpless iiiitl miaeriiolo condition in whioli (t was'landed. Is thore no law lo punish thoso who havo been guilty of such oruol and inhuman conduct, as that shown on this occasion ; , Cm- Council.-The following is the business for consideration at the mooting this afternoon :-Re- ports (rain tho various poinrnitteos as folloivs i Finnnqo ; On Messrs, jobson and Mitoholl, for £223, alleged balance of verdict, Hall v. Corpor- ation, tried at Supreme Court, December 16, 18Ü2 ; on application of Mr. Collector Piesse for incre.tso qf saintly aqnaoquciit on his collecting tl|o shipping wqtqr charges ; 'on application of Director of Watqr works for increase of salary ; on application of George Sohaodel for reduction of rates. . Public Works i Qn petition as to drainage in Tumor- street;' on application of Marino Hoard' for contain, wqrks. on Franklin Whaif, to bo effeotud at the Board's ox pouso ; on application of Mr. Joseph Bidoncope for repairs to flagging, Murray-street ¡ on application of Trii3.lo.os Augusta Road Trust, for repairs to Elphinstone Road i on appliqatiqii from James Grnvonor for ropairs to King-street ¡ ou representa- tion of Mr. Henry Dobson, in relation to tho drain- age from Fitzroy Crescout, and his views as to tho appropriation of the reserve there, its utilisation, and on its present misappropriation. Orders of the day t Consideration of tenders for 500 tons of blue- stone metal ; consideration of by-laws rotating to waterworks (if ready). City Police Court.-Mr. Tarleton P.M. attend- ed at the Polico Court on Saturday, but tho only case oil the slmot-was a charge against a man named Charles Fysho of stealing ono rolfof cotton gombroon the property of Messrs Jvomp and Lloyd. On tho application of Detective Simpson tho accused was lomandod till Wednesday next. Stiieci' Disturbances.-Shortly aftor 0 o'clook on Saturday evening, Liverpooï- strcet was tho scene of au affray between tho polico and a man named Webster, ono of tho crow of the schooner Falcon. Webster it appears was in an intoxicated state and was taken into custody for jostling tho foqt rjassqngera ai ho was making his presenco upou the pavoiuent known to thom in a very unpleasant manner. When' arrested' lie bocniiio yery viel011* and great difficulty was experienced in getting him to the gaol, to which ho was eventually taken in a cab. Ho will bo brought before tho Ilouoh this morning to answer a charge of disturbing tho peace, .assiiultiiig'tho polico, and destroying their uniform. .The language used by the man as he lay struggling in tho road was of tho most horribly blasphemous desci iption. Though a largo crowd had collected, no assistance was offered to the polico by those present. En Route.-On tho arrival of tho s.s. Tarama qn Friday evening, a'inohnamod John Bishop Hun- ter, who was in custody of Constable Smart, of tho Christchurch (N.Z.) Polico Force, was brought on ehqro and. taken tQ tliq' Campbell-street House of Correction for safo' lodgment during the night. Hunter was arrested in Melbqurno' on a ehargo ef larceny- stealing moneys from tho New Zealand Government-and was remanded thcuco to Christ- church for trial. Roth Constable and prisoner left again in the steamer Qn Saturday. Hayes and Benhamo's Gmcus..-Tljq improve- ment in the weather on Saturday enabled tho proprietors of the oircus to resumo the performances which lind lihou discontinued for two (lays on account of the heavy rain and high wind which havo provalled during that period. Botli in tho afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock, and again in tho evening tho company appoarod, and good audiences attended to witness their efforts to amuse. The programme is altered in many respects, most of the principal artists giving further proof of their pro- ficiency in the various branches of art of which thoy aro'tho ovpoiioutj. Madama Auneroau adds an effective double equestrian aat with Mr, Hayes, and a representation of the four soasons, and the youthful Agilio, in addition to his oxcellcut tum- bling and acrobatic displays, gaye a balancing feat with much adroitness. Tho comicalities of tho motley quartette won as much apphuiBO as on any previous occasion, and delighted especially the juvenile portion of tho audipuqe. T.ho attendance iii tho afternoon was à fashionable ono, iiioluding Lieut.-Col. St. Hill and a number of the youngor members of tho family of His Excellency the Governor, Mr. Weld, who wero present.' Tho now prbgrañi'mo ' will bo i'opeated this o vening, and during'tho week. A voiy amusing French " ballot d'action," entitled "The "Four Ldvorsj'or, the Simpkin and'his magic tub,," now concludes the porfurniaiKie. J ' . Miss Amy Sherwin.-On Thursday ovoning tlfls lady appeared at the Oporiv House, Alelbourno, as .'Amina" fu tim opera, ha tionnainbùlq, A]l tho papers says sho is being overworked, and, ppnso qucntly, she showod signs of distress, IJor rncop tion, however, was good. The Daily Telegraph says j-." fjo far as regards Miss Sherwin's exposition of tlje music, we havo, in common doubtless with tho nudlpueo prosput last night, little hesita- tion lu awaiting that, undoi; ordinarily fair conditions, sho w11 niako pvou a »iorq iin» nut feature of the part of " Amina " than sho has dono as "Lucia," tho greater harmonioiisnoss of both words and music in the former being moro in accord.'wiih'hor.iuodo of dplivery and oxcoution." 'J'ho' Aye-nays " that lliongli Inn* knowledge- pf tho music was not perfect/ Still tho natural swogtiioss'pf her tones and flexibility of her voico atoned In a gf oat njçapûro for the defects, and made hor per. formando a most otudtyablp pno. In " Como mi feoro'no',',' tho high 'not/ds woWglvon with musical cloanicss, and'tho florid pAssagOB Witli'willoh the oavalli)i), abnuïuls'woro skilfully'rondorod,'and on poueluding sl)¡>YoBg|.ui)iúu witlj ¡mid applanso.."'Tho ilrifui says Mis3 Rhorwiti has the facility o'f quick Stndy, and ljiu) giyfi'ij oyidoiicp of'°a filio hitolloljtual capacity ; but warns ljor'pliat t¡hp'ii|¡¡8t not slug so much as she luis boen doing lately. SuH'OHBP Loss oy a FfsuiNU 'Boat,-Informa- tion roaohod town on Saturday Hint a formar named ])onno, residing near tho outrance to tho river liorwoiit, saw a sailing boat, vory much like a fishing'boat, suddenly sink in tho Passage- mouth during tho gale on'f'lrursday afternoon. Thora aro several fishing bouts absent from port, and nothing has beon heard from any of thom, but tho góiíorai ùpiiiioii is that the boat which was soon to go down on Thursday was a fishing boat outward bound. Inquest.-An inipie/jt on ihn body of William Barrett, wlm was found deni in a houso on the Old Wharf on friday night, m jil bo held to-morrow afternoon at tho Royal Jjxchaiigo ljotpl, Argyle stioot. ii, David's Church Union.-Tho concert in connection with this Union íh to tako placo at tho Masoujo Hall on Friday next. ' M«- Beit's Lecture.-On Friday evening Mr. Botts is to lecture in the Templars' Hall, Now Town. Tho delivory of the lecture ut Oatlands i» postponed for »few days. Bushy Park!-On Thursday last a social gather- ing of a very pleasing naturo took place in the spaclousstoreadjoiningthohop-kilnof E. Shoobridge, Esq. A free tea-meeting, provided specially for the families of those employed on the catete, but also open to all-comers, was held at 4 p.m. j and not- withstanding, the impropitious though soasouablo weather a goodly number of young and old, some of whom carno fiom a considerable distance, soon filled the tables and manifested their appreciation .of tho good things provided in the usual convincing way. The utmost heartiness and hilarity combined with good order prevailed. After tea tho Sundry School children sang very nicely a piece called Joy Bella, and then tho prizes for Scripture, regular attendance, etc., were distributed amongst lliem. Touching reference was made to one of their number, remarkable for his diligence who had died during the year. Next caine tho distribution of prizes to those of the work people whoso gardens' had been best kept and cultivated throughout the year. This is always an event of much interest, tho result of the competition not being known till announced, at this meeting. This year £7 14s. were given away as prizes, fourteen in number, and ranging in value from" .C1 to fls. The first prize of ill was awarded to James Scully. After an interval to allow of tables being cleared, the room again filled for the annual mooting hold in the interests of the British and Foreign Bible Society. The meeting was presided over by E. Shoobridge, Esq.., who has always been a warm and liberal supporter of this society. Much regret was folt that the Bev, W. W. F. Minray, of New Norfolk, who has usually attended on such occasians, was unablo to aftond, owing to his recent bereavemont. After a hymn had been sung, the Kcv. C. Saunders read the 55th chapter of Isaiah, and offered prayer. Addresses wero afterwards delivered by the Chairman, Messrs. Hobt. W. G. Shoobridge, lv. Giblin, W. E, Shoo- bridge, «nd Bev. C. Saunders and li. E. Dear. A collection was made in aid of the funds of the society, amounting to £4 14s. The mooting was enlivened by the singing of several pieces selected from Sankcy's hymns, Mrs. Shoobridge presiding at tho organ with her accustomed ability. A very enjoyablo and profitable evening was spent. The people testified their satisfaction by giving three hearty cheers fqr Mr. Shoobridge and family. Gmimxtnicalut. Football.-On Saturday afternoon IG juniors of tho City Club met a Uko number of players from the Collegiate School. The City Club juniors. Vtjero captained by T. P. Molloy (one of the latoly elected vice-captains) and the Collegiate School by T, Mitchell. Though the weather for tho three pre oeding days had been very bad, it cleared up on Saturday, and hut for the very muddy state of the ground the day was everything that could bo desired By footballers. At 2'45 Alolloy kicked off for the City; tho ball was, rapidly rjassod' forward, and within three minute's from the time of kick off goal number one (and a very fluky one) was secured for the City by Pierce Butler.- Thus early in the game it could be seen that the School was overmatched, and from that time, with the exception of o.fqw good rushes, for-the most part maüitaiucd by the throe brothers'Jûuos, t\\\a p)ay WHS all at thoir gaol, Before, 4 o'clock tho'City had-kicked five moro giiiQls,' and it is impossible to say where the gaol kicking would have onded had not the School on listod on their side the services of a very " high " scholar whoso length of limb was of the greatest service in stopping the passage of the ball through the goa!. At 4-15 W. Jones, forth.osah.oo), managed to pass tho ba.ll Yflry neatly forward, through the absence from his post of the City goal keeper. The school soourod a goal by the foot of the younger Jones. His success had a good effect on the scholars who made another determined effort, but without success, and before a quarter to five, when t\in,e was called, tho City had kicked (mather goal, making altogether/ ¡joven {jOa.ls, wlïieh worokiokod, by Pierce Butler three, Molloy two, Smith one, and Hopo one, Besides tho above players wo may mention as playing well for the City, Horne, Watchorn, Kirby, anil Chancellor ; and for tho School, Mitchell, Rigney, and Lewis. The junior badge for good play on the City side was n,wordp,d to Ploreo ßiifler. Wo undorstftiiu.thac a very heavy team from Richmond aro to try thoir skill against the City seniors next Saturday, and expect to seo some veay good play. City Football Cluii.-Wo 'aro informed Jl\a.t the latter portion of our report o.f Friday ovoning's meeting uf tjiis club does not stato tho matter fairly. . The cbnduot of a member was certainly called in question, and was disapproved, but only by some of those presen);, othors expressing a cou-' trary opinion. Titi', ifou^'j' Bisoiiqyp Railway.-The contract for the construction of the first section of this work-a length of about a mile-has boon, let to Mr. P. Hourigan for the sum of ÍÜOÍ)!), the con- tractor finding everything except tho ¡rou rulla and fastenings, far wluyh au order was sent to England by tulogram some .few woeks since. Tho survoy (writes tho Examiner) was effected by Mr Thomas Townshend, who has succeodml in gottlng a very favorable line, the grades and curves being perfectly practicable for ¡i locomotive The mils will bo of tho weight of 301bs. to tho yaul, and therefore sufficiently strong to carry an engine- It is contemplated so o.xtondthe line asthcMotuit Bischoff' Ob.'s works become moro fully developed, froin, tho dressing sheds at thcWamtali Hiver lo tlio boun- dary of the Van B-iemcn's Land ' Co. 's property at Rouse's Camp, so as to mpot that Company's line at that point. Pew things are moro coi tain than that in ¡i very short timo the Van Piemen's Land Co. will find it necessary to conyprt their tramway into an iron railway, as tho wooden rails havo proved quite unequal to tho hoavy work imposed upon tlipiq, and tho wear and tear aro «xoesslvo. In tho event of tho Mount Bischoff Co. extending their railway along their presont tramway to Rouse's Camp, an arrangement will probably bo como to with tho Vau Oiemon'sJjotid Company to afford the latter ruiiuing powois ovor that portion of tho line on equitable terms, as tho V.D.L. Co. are under con- tract to convoy the Mount Bisohoffs Co.'s oro frô'ii) the Waratah. 'It l¡as' been pointed out to ns that in view of the' probability of a lqcomStivè engine being employed beforo long on the Mount Bischoff'T. Al. C'o.'s railway and its extension boforc referred to, it would bo desirable for the Govern- ment to have a principal or leading Uno of road surveyed, leading from tho township of Waratah to Rouse's Camp, at a moderato distance from the pro- posed railway, as the constant passago of the locomotives would bo likolj to frighten horses and causo accidents. At present the surveyed Jino of road runs alongside of tho tramway line for à con- siderable part of its cburso. Duo provision for such a road as wo have suggested could easily be raàdo now'without interfering with vested interests ; but if the matter is neglected, it may becomo ' very, difficult to opon a mam road for general traffic af tor a largo township has spritqg up between tl|p Waratah and Rouse's camp'. Sporting. - "Augur '' in the Australasian writes ; \- "The inhabitants of Melton Mowbray, Tasmania, propose to hold a meeting in Tasmania in November, when the principal event will be a steeplechase of 200 sovs. The 9th of November is the day spoken of as likely to be chosen, but as many of the Tas- manian sportsmen will be here assisting at the Melbourne Cup meeting, I think it would be wise to alter the date to a week or ten days later. Mr. George Butterworth, of Launceston, writes to say that the Tasmanian horse Zanga, inquired after some time ago by a correspondent, was purchased in Tas- mania by the late Mr. Anthony Greene. Mr. Butter- worth delivered the horse to Mr. Greene, and he states that he was never raced in Tasmania, being in the breaker's hands at the time of sale. As Mr. Butterworth seems to be conversant with the pedigrees of many of the old Tasmanian horses, perhaps he can give some information respecting the mare Whizgig, formerly the property of Mr. O'Connor. As this mare's name appears in the pedigrees of some good horses, Mr. Butterworth would confer a favour if he could enlighten us. I am told that the Tasmanian Peter Finn mare that appears in First King's pedigree was made a present by Mr. O'Connor to a person who was leaving for Victoria, and it may yet be discovered that this maternal ancestress of the best horse that has ever appeared in Australia was a doscondont of the famous Whizgig." ^LLEÜED lUDNAl'l'INO BY THE SlOllVJlIHD. From tho Fiji Tinten, " of May 8th, wo toko tho fqllowing ;-Tho Pationco returned frqm tho Lino Islands o)i Sati|pday. T'l)o following report qf atr tempted kidnapping hy tho oiow pf thp ßtoiinbird, a vossol hailing fiom Walloo, Sandwich Islands, Jolmslon or Jackson, master, at the Island of Miamia, Gilbortls Group, lias boon communicated to us :-On tho arrival of tho Pationco at this island, tho- abovonamed vessel was found lying there mid flying the English Hag. Sho loft imme- diately*. Qn prqocodiiig nshoro for thq purpose of rooriiítlng, the native's Inftirmbd Afr. Monde*, who speaks the Tekalau languago with tho greatest iluoncy, that tho crow of tho Stormbird, consisting pf pomo sovon mon, hoadod by tho mnto, all arii)ed with revolvers, had Laen Oil slioro and had attempted to" kidnap sovoral persons, pi|no|pally young woman, including tho wives of soiue' of tho white ti udora rcsidoilt on tho island, tho trailers being absent at tho othor and of tho island at 'tho ¿lino. It ia suimised that the sudden doparltiro of Hid Bohoouor was ' oausod hy tliojv niistoking tho Pationco'fo'r a cruisor.'i In consequence" of tho con- duct of this vessel tho natives woto naturally 'tor; riliod,. n\j(i' bail ijot reooyorad 'from thbjr1 panic j thus but fow' passongois were obtáino^ by the Batioiio'o from th's island, as thoy appeared sus- picious of aft while men. Had it not boon for tl()s circumstance sho would bavo obtained a full com- plement of labour, ana gi «at many had oxprossod tholr intontion of ooining to Fiji by hor on hor last visit. Tho Stormbird had brought four woiuon, who had hoon piokod up adrift and taken to Sytluoy, back to this island al tho 'cost qf tho langloh Uovupnmimt, Qnq ni those woiqeu died at sou, and when tho'othor thieo woio lauded at Miamia, tho oaptain rofusod to liaud to her relatives sonic 20Ibs. of tobacoo willoh bo l<)i)(jod to the doeeused. Somo fow days boforo the 1'atiunoo loaohod Onoto or Olarko's Island, a Fi oneil trunnpoit ship had landed on {hat Isjanijflonio 10Í! peopja, all bounigiiig'to different islands.. Mo¡,t of thoso peoplo woro kidnapped somo yoma ago anti taken lo Stewart's plantation in Otaheito. If oilo qf these natives is landed on any island othor than lils own ho is invariably plundered by tho residents; as that if even these people succeed in reaching their homcB, thoy aro sura to lose the whole of the fruits of tlioiryeoi* of enforced service, Diocesan Church Fund.-A meeting of mem- bers of tiio congregation of St. John Baptist is to be held iu the school-room, Uppor Goulburn-streot, to- morrow evening, to form a parochial branch of tho Diocesan Church Fund. Death of an Old Tasmanian Colonist.-Tho Argus_records tho death of Mr. James Purvcs, one of the very earliest pioneers of the colony. He had been seriously ill for the past fortnight, and during the last three days he was unable to take nourish- ment. He died from atrophy, on Wednesday evening, at his residence, Glen Isla, Richmond. . Mr, Purvcs was born in Berwick-on-Tweed, and carne out to Tasmania at the age of 21. He arrived at Hobart Town in the year 1834, whore for some time he practised his profession is a civil engineer. Among other works, he superintended the con- struction of the Perth bridge. He came over to Victoria in 1837, and was 0ne of tho first, if not the first settlor, to introduce sheep into the colony. The voyage occupied over a week, and the . sheep were nearly famished on their arrival. Mr. Purves took up country in the Lance- field district, near the Hanging Rock. But after following squatting puisuits fur a time he entered into business in Melbourne as auc- tioneer and estate agent. He afterwards took' up the Chintin station at Deep Creek, and'was also owner of Tootgarook station, near Dromana, one of the earliest established stations in the colony. In 1850 he went to England on a visit, but the disco- very of gold caused his early return, and in 1831 he was again in Melbourne. "During the busy times of the gold fever he commenced business as a merchant, and was very successful in his operations. For many years past Mr. Purves lived a retired life. He never entered into politics, but in the early daya i ho took an active part in the social life of the colony. He was an ardent sportsman,' and may be credited with having introduced some of the very best racing blood, including such sires as Morris Dancer, Boiardo, Hermit, Peter Wilkins, and others. He was 65 years of age at the time of his death, having passed 44 years of his life in these colonies. The Deaïh or Dr. Macartney.-Tho inquest upo'u tho body of Dr. G. D. Maoartuoy, M.L.A., ' was resumed on Wednesday, at Williamstown, 1 when Mr. Johnson, the Government analytical chemist, nnd*Mrs. Walker, landlady of the hotel, were examined. Tho evidence of the former (saya i the Agc) was principally of a negativo character,, i leading to the inference that the deceased died of i chloral, but that the chloral liad boon absorbed into . the blood and had volatilised from the stomach. The examination of the latter witness was directed ? principally to the ovonts that took place during tho t week prior to tho death of the deceased, and elicited i nothing of importance. The inquest was eventually I adjourned until Thursday, the 20th hist. 1 Fiji,-Tho Lieutenant Governor George William t De Voeux arrived at Levuka by the Wontworth on ' her latest trip from Sydney. The Times saya : * A general impression exists that no change in the. ' governing power will interfore materially with suoi» i matters of impartanco ns have been deliberately I adopted as tho basis of the political and social > economy of the colony. As at present reported, tho ? absonco of Sir Arthur Gorelou from this scene of his, ' labours will not be of sufficiently long duration 1 to warrant any interference with. certain, plana ; which ho has initiated, the measure of tho succcsa of which can, bo tested only by experience. The fe nativo taxation scheme, that of coolie immigration» ' and ono or two others, will ovidoutly bo regarded - I as facts, the accomplishment of which is assured, > although .the test of their adapt'bility will have to 1 be left to the fulness of time. But there oro others, r such as that which concerns Polynesian labour, and ' which may .ho. viewed as much from a political as t social point, and that of education, which, although 1 it' may bo regarded as possessing an interest of a, ! character comparatively local, is yet scarooly less ' important. Tho position of thes.o has not by any 3 means assumed a phase which may bo considered as 3 defined. On tl\o 17th May tho Chief Justice gave i judgment in tho caso of W. J. Hunt, who it will b« > romonihorod was convicted before tho Canwnis-» ' ¿¡oner's Court in Samoa, and sentenced to one year'» 3 imprisonment for his alleged participation in the 1 lynching of the man Corcoran, who murdered Fox !? at Apia, in Novomber last. On being brought to Fiji, Hunt appealed to tho higher jurisdiction of i the Supreme Com t of this colony on various grounds a stated in an exhaustivo judgment. The conviction r has been sustained. >' Wiïu'eun Australia.-%-Tho fojlo.wj.ne itema, *. aro from tho Western Australian Times' of May JO;-"His Excellency tlio Governor has returned from the Southern districts. On Tuesday last His; t Excellency proceeded on a tour through the Eastern 3 districts, wjioi'o oxteusivo preparations have been ) made to accord him a fitting reception. His Exoell opoy is accompanied by the Colonial Seorotary and I by the Private Secretary. Tho Government, at a I meeting of the Executive Council held ou Monday f last, declined to ratify the arrangements iniulo with i Mossrs. Lilly mid Co,, with rofereneo to the estab. r lishmeiit of a steam servioo between this colony and r Adelaide or Melbourne. The Government insist upou s a through service from Freemantle- Meantime, the 1 Rob Roy will continue to ply on tho coast, Tho s Government aro strictly oiiforeinc the provisions' of 1' tho local enactment, 40th Viet,, No. 10, ' with re D g.ird to preventing inpnigrants introduced at public) \- expensé from leaving the colony before'' tho expira t lion of three yours, qr, otherwise, ropaying the cost t of bringing thom hero. An attempt to ovade this i regulation was ma'do by three immigrants, who had 1 taken thoii'passage by the Rqb Rqy for Adqlqido, i a fortnight ago, but tho master of tim vessel, on, 3 bo}ng informed by tho immigration agent of the 1 penalty ho incurred for a breach of the local apt, f refused to take tho mon. Tfio North-west Settle» ! mont has boon visited by a destmotivo htirricMllu, i resulting in the loss of four lives, and immense a damago to the pearling fiect employed in the r fisheries." 1 . Famine in Polynesia.-The Fiji Times of May 15 writes :-Our readers will no doubt have felt 3 shocked at tho accounts which have reached them J of the drqadfu.1 straits to which famine lias, reduçpuj j the inhabitants of AVcstern' Polynesia. Living'on ' islands tho fruitfuluess of wlpoli is' proverbial, they u have- been reduced to straits for food sufiloient to * sustain life, and must have undorgono Bullering the ' mere recital of which would cause humanity to 5 shuddor. All former experience has served to show " that the prolific character of those islands is almost 3 fabulous. In addition to tho vogotablo pro 1 ductions indigenous to tho soil, it favours with ' luxuriant aptititdo the growth of Euippean Ù'w\W ? and vegetables, and as a rule those ard prodtiobu'lri 1 no small'quantities. ' But'a plague'fjeems to have 3 stricken the land. Nairne lins withheld her hitherto ; bounteous hand, and gaunt famine, 'stark and hor-' '' ribla, has stalked through tho length and breadth* " of a desolate country, and disenso and doath have I followed in its train. It' is extroinqly dijljouU to traqo tim source wheuco'this most pitiable'etato of ; matters takqs its rise. Wo hove heard of no burri i cano or oxcessi vo rains by which the catastrophe do , plorcd cquld have been brought -nbout¡ or oven * assisted. No oxeéis of population or scries of t gluttonqus. feasts tQ whic|| scmi-savago people are . ? prono aro known to havo taken place. The very i oxtout of tho infliction forbids the idea that any i merely casual ovont oan havo contributed seriously to tho infliction. But it has occurred ; and reduced ' by the gnawings of famine to endeavour to find sus ! tennnco in the grudging and scanty crop of natural \- herbage intended but for Hie beasts, men have fallon uko autumn leaves, and, like those, have i almost been allowed to strow tho ground from want > of strength in tho survivors to bury them, ' Com jfatfiiLits -'oí' ' THE Buri ¡at "lii'Er'-" Swna ? ' impdiiimt'changes'," sáj-s tlio' DciUi/'A^'ns, ''oro'W ' be ma'do in tho Mediterranean. Admiral Rioo. the ! superintendent of Malta dookyard, who by virtiw of this appointment is ' Bcconcl in command in tho 1 Mediterranean,' will bo succeeded by Roar-Admiral Luard, upon whom will dovolvo the responsible duty of keeping in repair t}iq largo jlbot qf honc'adu How in thoso'waters, t As thora1 árPno'ifpwer'pTA« 1.)a'armoured vessels under tho' commauder-lu chief, Vico-Admiral Ijornby, at this moment, and theso require docking at least once a year, Maltil yardhas during tho past twolvomonth or ào presontod moro activity than either Chatham or Ppr,t'amoftMJ¡ Admiral Lord ¿john Hay, in command of thd'ïouf vessels thatrocontlyformcd'thoCliaiincl squad ron.búl aro now part of tho Mediterranean (loot, becomes liko Admiral lions," a vico-'admiraVand'will coutinuq lo sorvó uïulùVAdmiral Hornby until fuvtlief ortjerif. CaptainSirWilfiain'Ifowitt, K.p.B., wuo'porqmondj tho Achjlles ironclad, now wjth thp cominnmjer:jñ; chief in the Sea qf Marmorn, ottupùi thß rflnk qt ft rear-admiral, andas such must givp up his pnmmailfli But, in'order to rotain tho services of so valuable HU ofiicor, Uo is to recoivnn ianirui-Siun as :capwm of tlio ileot, and will hoist his Hug at the Hamo timo «s IPI admiral, "fn that casa wo shall havo np fownr than (j vo flag olljoors afioal in tlio Mediterranean, heBidoatheotiporintondantipf Malta Iyah! ïiainjeryl .Vice-Admiral Uornby alni RoariAdmiral Sir'Wt Howitt m tho sea of Marmora; Rilar-Admiral Sir J. Commoron atCallipoli, and Vice-Admiral Lord.Jolin Hay and Roar-Admiral Dowollal Malta. Furthor re iuforcoinents aro also tp l,o sent intq tim Mediter- ranean; in tho form of tho Invincible, irontjiad, and tho Touodos, screw corvotlo, bulli'of whlch'havo nor? boon commissioned. -Thean-wit the Monarch, tiiríot ship, wliipli bashoon armed with now 25-ton gnus, and. put in thorough repair, aro to Iqavo within the nest week or two to join Admiral Hornby's flag, and wjij pithor rehoyo saino of "vl|á othor shjps iippn the station bi' add ' to tho total strength of tho. fleet, according to tlie'aspoat qf tho political horizon, Two other fine iionoladii oIbo lio ready for commis sien; tho Triumph and Horoules. Tho former is to bo the flagship on the Paoilio station, and will to liovo Her Majesty's ship Shah, whilo tho destina- tion of the othor has no1 yot boon made public," What is the only pauo of which ovory one muko» liuhtî-A window-imno. 