N E WS OF THE D A Y. There-is nothing new to record concerning tlie political position. The inoro reasonable members of tlie Council hope to Induce that Chamber to amend the Reform proposals sub- mitted by Mr Cuthbert, so as to make them more acceptable to the moderate members of the Liberal party in the Assembly. It is un derstood that a number of the members who generally support the Ministry will make i a strenuous effort to settle the Reform question when tho Council's proposals reach the Assembly. It is feared', however, that if Ministers insist on proroguing on Thursday, tlie negotiations may fall through. As tho session c invt close until tlie Council has pnssed the „e 1 Bill, itis blithe power of that Chamber, should its members consider it advisahlo so to do, to postpone tlie prorogation of Parliament for a few days. Tlio j discussion on the Reform question and the embassy at' Geelong this evening is likely to he an animated and interesting oiie. If boolioo can be stopped, tho country should gain by to-night's debate at tlie meeting to be hold at tlie local Town Hall. Messrs Murrqy Smith and Joseph Jones will speak against the embassy, while Mr Berry will in 'person advocate the Ministerial programme. Tlie Jdand Tax Commission sat to-day, and tlie following decisions were given. The estate of Charles H. Barber, 2245 acres, County of Bogong, waB reduced from the first to tlie second class, j The estate of Robert Milne, 2280 acres, in the county of Delatite, was reduced from tlie second to the third class, Tlie estate of George Little, 999 acres in the county of Bogong, was reduced from the first to tho second | class. Costs were adjudged in each The I following are tho deliveries of wheat flour and ether produce nt tlie .Spencer-stroet station! of the Victorian railways fo, the week ending 23rd November Wheat 8443 bags; flour, G208 bags; bran, 1882 bags; pollard; 269 bags; barley, 21 hags; potatoes, 1235 bags; chaff, 11,812 bags. Total, 23,207 hags. It is rumored that in tho event of the embassy going to London, Mr G. C. Levey, C.M.G,, who is at present in Europe, will he appointed to the position of secretary. Very general complaints are made by 1 itizens as to the inefficient manner in which the streets of Melbourne are watered. On Saturday, for instance, the dust-fiend took possession of the city, and not only destroyed I10 goods of shopkeepers, but proved most disagreeable to all out of doors. It is evidont that at present the watering of the streets is a farce, so far as laying the duet, and merely tends to annoy pedestrians. For some timo past, tho Richmond Town Counci' lias been testing the relative cost and effi ciency of water-cart and hydrant. Tho com- mittec have reported that tho cost of watering by tho cart is very little moro than by hydrant; while the former is much more effective. Tlie residents of Bridge road, where tho cart lias been tried, have pronounced most emphati cally in its favor. While travellers along the road declare it is quite a treat to get from Melbourne or Hawthorn on to the Bridge- road 011 a hot-wind day. Tlie cart used is one constructed under tlie Buperinteiuleyiee o( Councillor Priestly, from drawings obtained by him of carts used in Adolaido. Various im provements have been made, and it is now be lieved to he as nearly perfect as possible. It would hi; w<)U % tUq qity authoutios to make inquiries into this matter, with a view to determining whether or' not the dust-fiend could he effectually vanquished in the city by carts similar to that used at Richmond. In the Banco Court to-day, Creek v. New- lands was appeal from tho Melbourne County Court. Tlie action was brought to recover 'images from a tradesman at Rich- for slander, the plaintiff being a lioi' )v'll> 'liU' '>ee" in the de fendant's cmployi!10"1' . Tins alleged slander consisted in tlie 1139 yi t,le homo jewellery was stolen front UYf ilOll-te, and I traced it to Fred's (tlie plaintiff's) JVWse.'- sion." The words were — ilduMssed to tlie plaintiff's father, and at the trial J ildge Cope held that tho communication was privi leged, and nonsuited tlie plaintiff. The grounds of the appeal were that the judge could not nonsuit the plaintiff against his will, and that there was no privilege. Tlie court allowed the appeal, and ordered a re-hearing 0f the case. Tim 'aw officers of the Crown hnving given an opinio!? that tlie Act ef Charles If, pro- hibitmg Sunu'iy work, is in force in Victoria, Sergeant Parkinson, under insv''ll®j;lons from the Chief ConfUiissioner of Po>. ";C> waited 011 tlie contractors for the Oakloigh rai'.Ay last Saturday, and warned them that any i7,rther attempt to put men to work 011 Sunday wi he followed by a prosecution, unless it could hs shown that the work was one of necessity. The railway authorities thanked the police for their courtesy in giving this intimation', ami saiil it would be obeyed. Ill consequence, there were 110 men put <1 to work yesterday, A youthful thief, who is starting rather early in life, appeared at tlie _ City Poiirt Court to- day on a charge of stealing a pair of boots. Tlie evidence showed that tlie hoy, Joseph Burns, aged nine years, met another little hoy going to to school, and in company with another triend knocked the complainant down 011 his way to school and deliberately took his boots anil socks off, nnd then ran away to Woodend, where I10 was arrested. Mr Inspector Montfort applied for a remand of four days to enable the police to arrest his companion. Tlie magistrates granted the request. A little hoy, named Alfred Gay, about twelve years of age, met with a fatal accident last week at Gobuv, when out with a dray It appears that tlie dray capsized, coining down UIK111 tlie poor littlo fellows' head, and frac turing tlie skull so seriously as to cause almost instant death. An inquest was held last Satur day, when a verdict in accordance with the above facts was returned. Tiio eases of vagrancy brought under the notice of tlie City Bench to-day, were nume rous, and were dealt with by Mr J . T. Smith in a summary manner. Three months was tlie average imprisonment passed 011 the unfor tunates, and tliat, too, before tlie ordinary evi dence was fully given. Edward Durrett, a wine-seller, was lirouglit before tho magistrates at the City Police Court to-day, on a charge of having threatened to take the life of a young woman named Isabella An derson. Tlie bench bound him over to keep the peace for six months in one surety of £20, and .himself for £20. An application was made to-day _ to tho Supreme Court in Banoo by Mr Serjeant Sleigh for a new trial ill a oase of England v Dcvror. The action, which was heard at the last civil sittings of the court, was brought by Mr Alfred England, a landowner living at South Yarya, to- recover damages from a locksmith living at the same placo far trespass. The oase for tlis plaintiff was, that on th< 24th August; 1877, he went to his honse, in Caroline str eet, Soutli Yfivra, whioh lie had locked up, and found that the lock of the hall door had been, picked, and Kiat a workman belonging to the defendant was inside. Tlie defence was that Miss Eng land, the plaintiff's daughter, oalled at the defendant's shop and and asked him to sand up a man to the Iiouho to pick the lock. It seemed that the plaintiff and ilia daughter had had some misunderstanding, anil that Miss England, who hnd been previously living witli her father, wished to get into the house to obtain some articles which she claimed as hers. At the trial the defendant puid a farthing into court, and the jury found a verdict for him. The grounds upon which a new trial was asked were that tlie damages wero too small, the plaintiff having proved that lie was put to tlie expense of Is 6d by damage done by tho trespasser ; that the verdict was against tlie evidence, a trespass having been fully proved ; and that evidence of the late Miss England's relations witli her father, and of lier calling upon tlie de fendant was improperly received. Tile court refused a new trial, holding that the evidence objected to was properly admitted, and that tlie damage proved was too small for tlie court to interfere. Martin Wibcrg, tlie late carpenter of the B.M.S.S. Avoca, appeared again 011 remand to-day at tho City l'olico Court, 011 a charge of being implicateil'in tlie £5000 gold robbery. Mr Inspector Montfort applied for a remand of seven days, which tlie bench granted. Considerable dissatisfaction is expressod by a largo number of the residents of Coburg at tlie existing postal arrangements for tlie district. Thehulkofthebusinoss portion of the commu nity and residents live towards tlie northern part of tho shire, whereas, some years back, the southern part had themajori ty, and the local post office was located there As the community began to settle dc the northern part, a letter both was established for convenience, but this is cleared at eight o'clock every evening, and any ono requiring to post a letter to catch tlie early morning mail must travel upwards of linlf-a-mile to tlie post oflfee. The Postmaster General lias been communicated witli, and a very extensively signed petition has been pre pared 011 this subject. ' O11 Saturday last a party of gentlemen visited a new reef which lias been lately struck on Ho'ddle's Creek, for tho purpose of ascer taining whether tlie gold was in payable quan tities or not. A bucketf nil of stuff was taken off thoi face of the reef, which, when washed, yielded a quantity of fine gold. From all ap pearances, tho reef - would yield close up to ten ounces to the ton, and it has the . appearance of continuing along tlie side of the creek for some distance. The place struck', is a bald hill, an isolated spur of tlie heavy ranges. A coiajjQiiy lias been formed, called ; tho Union Quartz Mining Company, ; and a considerable amount of capital placed in tho concern, which is expected to_ turn out favorably in a short tune for tlie interested shareholders, A man named Henry Brennan . was charged at the Footscray Court this morning, with being a vagrant, and having no lawful means of support. Ho had been found wandering about the street) at all hours in tlie early morning, and could not give any satisfactory account of himself. .Sent to gaol for 0110 month. There is a great treat in store for the lovers of music. Those who were present at the opening of the present Melbourne Town Hall will remember the splendid performance of the late Mr Horsley's cantata, Euterpe, which was composed expressly for the occasion. Its first production at onee stamped it as a composition of tho very first order, but. for some reason it has not been made so familiar to the public as its splendid qualities entitle it to have been. The Melbourne Philharmonic Society will, however, to-morrow ewming once moro bring Eutarpe to tho front, and it will ho produced in tlie building where its lovely strains were first heard by the public. Miss Pitts, Miss Christian, Mr Dixon, and Mr Lamble will bo the principals and us to the chorus and orchestra, tlie name of the society, at the head of tlie advertisements announcing the performance will be a sufficient guarantee that Euterpe will in those respects receive ample justice. Mr Horsley's many friends and legion of admirers will be glad once more to hoar ono of the best of Ins many delightful compositions. Tho Geelong Advertiser states that tho row ing contest arranged to take place between tlie Eullarat and Geelong Banks and a craw from one bank in Melbourne came off 011 Saturday afternoon on the Saltwater River, Tile Gee-' long representatives did not put in an appear ance, and tlie only competitors were the crew from Bal'arat and a crew from the Union Bank in the metropolis. Tho Union boat, which had three old Ballarat rowers in it, went away with the lead nnd maintained it to tlie finish, winning by two lengths. A young man named William Guy was proceeded against at the City Police Court, to-day, for having thrown n parcel over tho gaol walls, on Saturday evening, supoosed to contain tobncco. The enso was proved against liini, but 110 trace was found of the parcel inside the gnol walls. The bench inflicted a fine of £5.; 111 . default, to servo a term of two months' imprisonment. The Ballarat Star says;— Saturday was Con stitution Day, and accordingly all the hanks wore closed. Wo thought that people had already suffered enough lately about . our broken-down constitution, without business men tuyl qouutry peoplij being so Inconve- nienced by the banks closing on the bnsir.,1 1 of the week to perpetuate the inein, i-v of i7 reeepion .The hanks would do wM (.1111 to their former practice of advertising their holidays a few days in advance "s t„ f ""'jf.ci"y "rougli Council met at noon to-daj for tlie purpose of ajp-eeinir t» ditioiial sum of £200 being placed upon tlui proposed .estimates of the borough for n . construction of. the iong-talked-of &,,nv Gre il- Lridge, It is likely an animated discussion will arise over the question. u%Km da'nee wtlia'manntory motion in the SSSO of the HntiJ Tnm£ P «0ml>ailJ' v "'c National Bank, Rtr James manager of tho company, witli his solicitor, attended on the grouiul oil .Satur! liny , to demand from tlie representative of th,. hank and Mr Lakeland tlie claim, drives shaft, Ac. Air Oswald, tlie local manager ,ff j'tumal Rank, was present, together with Mr Kcvett solicitor for Mr Laktlai ,! and Air John Palmer, manager of tlie newly', formed Park Extended Company, w;tl, several of Ins directors. Air Cotter bavin.! produced tho injunction of tlie court a 3 claimed possession under it, Air Oswald nierelr handed a sealed packet to Mr Cotter and it once retired, without waiting to hear tlie cos tents read. The envelope contained two iSTa1!' ' l"":i,>0lt "f dated 11th Octobu,. 1878, being to tlie effect that Air Cotter could .have taken possession, if lie had pleased, on the ol'ftt.1' by tlie .Supreme Court for further diroc tio.ns, nnd that Air Cotter was aware that the lease was liable to forfeiture. The other dweu- mcnl, dated 21st November, 1878, was to the effect that the bnnk would offer 110 objection t» trfic company taking possession. Air Nevett then, on behalf of Mr Lakeland, stated tiiat he did not intend to offer any opposition to the occupation of the claim by the Hand and Band Company, and that his ollcnt would gire over any interest or titlo possessed by him Mr Hardy having asked who was in possession' All- John Palmer intimated that lie was there in legal possession by right of cicar titla direct from the Crown ; nfso that the machi nery' was under his control, and that those present were trespassers- mid liable to bo treated as such. Tlie different parties then retired from the claim. AVe understand the next legal process is- to appiy for a writ of distringas, by which the sheriff will be authorised to levy 011 tlie hank for contempt. Tho writ, if granted, virtually places under distraint tlie whole of tlie bank property ; hut, in tlie first instance, tlie sheriff will levy a fine of 40s only, pending further proceedings. Altogether, the affairs between the bank and the company are considerably mixed, and judging by. present appearances, there, is. a rich harvest in store for the legal fraternity, unless a compromise is arranged. Considerable alarm was experienced by the passengers 011 the early train from Sandiiurstto Melbourne this morning, by a severe shock sustained as tlie train was crossing Keilor Plains, between Diggers' Rest and the Keilor- rond station. The speed was slackened off to ascertain what had caused the jar, and it was found that a large sow, weighing, at a guess, about five cwt, had been cut cleanly 111 half by tlie wheels of the carriages. The dead body was surrounded by a number of little piglings, and tlioy will likely enough prove easy prey to some 'of the people settled around. Tlifi Mansfield Guardian says that a most remarkable oiroumstance is related by Mr Lainont, watchmaker, of Mansfield, in con nection with the death of his wife, which oc curred suddenly on Thursday morning last be tween half-past threo aud half -past four. Ho and his wifo spoks to each other after threo a, . in., j and when MrLamont awoke ho fouad his wife's arm under his head but quito cold. He went into the shop, and upon looking at his clocks tboy were all stopped at 4.80., although they were wound up on tlie previous day bjr himself. The clocks had not run down, and Mr Lamont cannot account for their stopping. Upon returning to his wifo with a light he found- she was dead. On Thursday we (Rochester Express) wero shown by Mr J. AI, Chanter, of Diggorra, a snako.of somo uncommon species. The reptile wns removed from about six inches below the surfaoe of tlie eartli by a plough. It is about two feet long, but not so thick as ordinary snakes, black in color, with white rings at in tervals of half an inch encircling it from head to tail. The Education department has issued an illustrated sheet, shewing every known species of snake ill tho Australian colonies, for instruction of children attending State Schools; but the species referred to above is not included ill it. Tho Sydney Evening New observes : — It appears that Air M'Elhonc lias, after all, learnt something by Lis visit to Melbourne. Ho is charmed with the beauty aud amplitude of the public recreation grounds in and around the southern city, and dis gusted witli tho laches of the authori ties hero in allowing the public lands around our own city to bo either thrown away or jumped by scheming speculators and dis honest squatters. Wo are not at all surprised at so practical andactivoa mind ns tho I1011. member's bearing useful fruit' after being ploughed up — not to say harrowed — by his reflections after his Victorian oxx>erienccs. We have big and lively centipedes in Aus tralia, 'but they do not rival the one mentioned below.; Tho special correspondent of tlie Daily News,) referring to tlie inseob pest in Cyprus, says:— "Mosquitoes had been vory had the first night, but they had got rid of them by clearing away the tall scrub and thistles growing thick on the ground — tho clearing of the thistles is surely as great a. blow as tlie burning of the licatlicr. But this proceeding lias exasperated tho wasps, whose nests, it appears, are made in the ground, and it cannot be quite a pleasant tiling to go to sleep on the top of a colony of infuriated wasps. Larger insects' are rife, centipedes manifesting a ten dency Ito share tho grateful warmth of the British soldier's camp lied, and there is one formidable story of tlie invasion of an officer's tent by.nhugeeeiitipede, which resented fiercely all attempt to turn it out, going, indeed, so fin es to stand up 011 its hindlcgs nnd hark nt tlie unfortunate subaltern who had encountered its wrath, j' We learn from the Sydney Evening News that a very elegant trophy as a souvenir of tho unexampled victories of tho Australian Eleven in England and America, lias been got up by Mr William Kerr, George- street, and excites considerable admiration. It consists of a silver centre piece or eporgene of sterling silver, of which metnl 60oz. have been used. It is fixed on an 1 oval stand 12 inches by 10 inches, and with tlie crystal is 18 inches in height. The stand is embellished 011 its circumferenco with a fretwork scroll, and a silver border of fleur- de-lis encircling a field, the margin of which is embossed witli native ferns and flowers, with the eleven placfd on the sward. Bnnnermnn at tlie bat, .Spoffo'rth with tlie hall, and tlie rest in their appropriate places on tlie field. At the back of the cricketers rises a New South Wales tree fern, nnd on tlie right nnd left two cubbuge trees artistically wrought, I11 tlie front of the ebony stand is a massiveinseriptiqnsliield, from which spring boughs of the nativo pear tree and tho waratah. The production not only re flects great credit upon the <mterprisc of tho manufacturer, who is an nruoiit lover of the noble game, but is remarkable us an ex ample of pnro artistic design. As fnr ns pos sible tlie figures of the eloven are cast accord ing to life. Apropos of the agitation existing in Sydney (says tlie Bendigo Advertiser) anent tho intro duction of Chinese labor, we may mention that several householders have gone to somo trouble ill procuring native girls from tho islands to fulfiltho position of housemaids and laundresses. It is staled that aftor a littlo trouble in in structing them they beeomo vory useful, evincing great docility and a desire to please their employers. This is a violent contrast to the character given to tlie immigrants by an informant, who states that wlien tliey have been induced to move off shipboard at 12s. » week, it is found out that tlioy know nothing, and are extremely difficult to deal with, Mr Caird has calculated (writes the Pail Mall Budget) that wo shall require somo 13,000,009 quarters of wheat from foreign countries this year to supplement the deficiency m our home production. This seems likely now to bo an under-estimate. But taking oven those figures, tho outlook, in face of a falling export trade ana general depression in every branch of business, is grave enough, At the current market price such an import of wheat will certainly not represent loss than £30,000,000. Thus for one article of food alone wo shall be paying at the rate of nearly £1 per head of the population to foreign growors. No . doubt we obtain tlie supply far cheaper than it wo attempted to grow it at home, even if so large an amount could bo profitably grown at all 011 these islands. But it is certauuy a serious matter for ub that our principal sources of supply — America and Russia— -slieulii show an increasing disinclination to ho pum for their food in our manufactures. Iho pro tectionist policy which has nhnost destroyiM our iron and cotton trado ivitii tlie Unite f States lias 110 doubt been disadvantageous t» that country, but it most certainly has als been tliuuagiug to us, Yffl have now toi X ,r food import from America out W jtfo- t;'r 01 |c jn other directions iustend of by' llio of Productions. ,r n„d Sirs Baldwin's entertainment, at ('verge's Hail, on Saturday evening, as M- xttrnotud ft very large audience. A num- w tricks of mediums were successfully 1"'-r itu-ilistie theory in the mind of any person f ri'ned and some were oxposed in such ' vainer «« to at once set aside the », i conviction. A clairvoyant seance by if- Baldwin will be given to-night; but the . ..'ih'iction will be the performance of Mr '.''ip-e slate- writing tricks. These Mr Bald- ilow exactly in the manner adopted by Mr M. the only observable difference being . . sir Sladc. at least inferentinlly, ascribes ' inspirits, whilo Mr Baldwin boldly as- consist of mere trickery, t'mnisonio unexplained cause the usual Moil- i lPoiiidar Concert will not take place at S'i'invn Hall this evening, r'lmsts under the management of Mr D'Arcy ., uti'll occupy the hall of the Atlienieuin, fTi, iVperformance.s are nightly witnessed ! in unused crowd, whose presence, how- "I . iliios not imply a bulief in spiritualism. iiaMwin says tliero are no spirits- or ghosts, 'p ,'l si'owi you the ghosts, but declines to „ i anything as to the spirits. 1-11,4 and Marguerite succeeded Othello at I Viincess's Theatre on Saturday levelling, l the performance was well patronisod. J."' vcn,i,m of tho poetic drama presented not in itself all that might be desired, but 'manner n which the principal characters re nlayed, and the general completeness of t production, did much to obliterate tho i ills of the composition. Mr Tavares was ?! Mcpliistophelcs, ami ;n this part fully n'ine'l hi3 reputation. It was a finished ,\ nuance, full of intensity and delicate I! idling, and well deserved the hearty ap- h ue bestowed upon it. As Marguerite, Mrs r vires was a trifle too vivacious, but, withal, , , wish-ring was acceptable. Air Carey was nn Imirahie Br Faust; and the subordinate Jencters were suitably allotted and well taincd, while the effects were so well 'nnrcdi that tho drama was made pleasantly Mninlete, and proved njvory acceptable even- ilr's entertainment. Faust and Marguerite till lie repeated this evening, and will bo-fol- Pseil |,y A Bay after the Wedding, in which Mr ami -Mrs Tavares provoke genuine amuso- ient by developing soine fine touoheB of Inner. Mr Emery appeared at the Theatre Boyal „j Saturday evening, beforo a well-filled louse in a now character, and was eminently rccessful in engaging the attention, sym- nthy and applause of his audience. He pre- lated liiinself as Giles, a Yorkshire workman, ii a drama entitled Kevenge. The piece is of ihe dramatic order, and has much to recom mend it, but was much indebted for its success I, lie very natural acting of Mr Emery, who rite set asido the conventional stago ji.j 0f a countryman, and presented a pic- tie which at once commended itself for its rery evident truthfulness to life.. Thero is an (unfitness about Mr Emery's Giles that re- fcems it from any charge of clownishness. In s word, it is a character that has evidently leen carefully studied by an intelligent and upside actor, and the result is a well-balanced ind Snishcd performnnoe. Several of the snb- irdinste parts, wero most creditably given, 'and litajether Itevonge was most enjoyable. t It tti followed by the drama of Heart's Delight foe same programme will bo repeated this evening. A new era in the history of that elegant little theatre, the Academy of Musio, was most sue- ' ceesfully inaugurated on Saturday evening, vim the Bella of Corneville,' now comic opera ifPlanquette,was produced under the manage ment of Mr Bracy and Mr Leopold, the former hiving leasod the theatre from Mr Aarons, the1, wprietor, specially for this production. Messrs iracy and Leopold have surronndod themselves with one of tho most complete companies for onic opera over got togothor in tho colonies, i:J the result was a most delightful entertain- ral, Tho musio of the Bells of Gornovillo li of a character that will- not hi! to commend itself to all who hear it. It is Ht and sprightly throughout, and includes tin really excellent airs, duett and quartetto p»;es, besides band and .chorus parts, that re sure to become popular. The plot is aple, but effective, and the dialogue good, so tit altogether it is one of .the - let comic operas ever put upon a Melbourne cgi. In addition, it is played in a maimer titii almost faultless, and what defects wero titrable wero evidently more the result of- efficient rehearsal than positive in- iBr un the part of tho company ; i- liiat they tuny bo expected to I tiely disappear at subsequent performances. Hi Biaey, Miss Clnra Thompson, Miss Lam- -tit, Mr Templeton, Mr Johnson, and Mr kf-hl, are all performers in this particular Lei-f art whose abilities have been proved r iulmittcd, and nothing mediocre was to be riidpited when their names u ore attached to t-i principal characters. On this occasion fey (me ami all fully here out their well-earned limitations. The other members of tho com- Sy supported them in a manner that left Jly anything to be desired. The chorus is i good one, and tho orchestra undoubtedly dcieut. We predict a most successful season I.: the company. 