REVI VEW. Across Africa: By Verney Lovett Came- ron, C.B., D.C.L., Commander Royal Navy, Gold Medallist Royal Geographi- cal Society, &c.; [CONCLUDED.] From Zanzibar to Ujiji, on Lake Tangan- yikan-from Ujiji to Nyauwd, on the Lualaba River-from Nyangwd to Benguella, the Por- tuguese settlement on the West Coast; these were the great stages of Commander Cameron's journey across the African con- tinent. We left our author at Nyangwd, where he arrived at the beginning of August, 1874. He determined, if possible, to obtain canoes and to explore the Lualaba, believing that it would be proved identical with the Congo, and consequently would conduct him to the Atlantic, But all his attempts to purchase canoes for this purpose entirely failed owing to the suspicions and prejudices of the lead- ing people of Nyangwe. He therefore de- cided to march along a route considerably to the south of the river, through country pre- viously untraversed by a white man. The work of tracing the Lualaba, and proving its identity with the Congo, has since been ac- complished by the intrepid Stanley, and forms the latest achievement in African exploration. The districts of Urua, Ussambi, Ulunda, &., through which Cameron and his caravan passed, presented numerous and varied fea- tures of interest. A most provoking delay of several months took place at the head- quar- ters of Kasongo, the great chief of Urua, whose tyranny, barbarity, and immorality forbid description. Not until the 10th June, 1875, did this worthy potentate see fit to make it safe and convenient for the explorer's party to leave his dominions and pursue their journey. The narrative of the coastward march cul- minates in painful interest as it nears com- pletion. The straits to which the caravan was reduced when all its articles of barter were exhausted; the wretched plight of the men, whose clothing had worn to rags, and whose frames were emaciated by hunger, weariness, and exposure; the attempts of some of the party to straggle on the road or to hide themselves when halting at a native settlement, in order to avoid the hardships of the marches yet before them; the increasing likelihood that the greater portion of the caravan, yielding to privation and despair, would perish within a short distance of the journey's end ; - are all graphically described. The critical state at which matters had ar- rived on the latter stage of the journey, is vividly brought before us in the following extract: Another wretchedly wet and rainy night seemed to deprive my people of the little energy they possessed, and the drag of the march was indeed painful. Instead of being as men who had nearly accomplished a difficult task, they looked and moved more like a funeral procession. The distance was not great, but the time occupied was dreadfully long, and on arriving at our camping- place the men were too dispirited to hut themselves properly, though rain was threatening. Others who had lagged behind did not reach camp till after dark. The threatenings of the weather were not belied by the night, and in the morning more men professed themselves unable to bear their loads. One man was too unwell to walk, and it was with great dificulty that I obtained carriers for hire. Much .of this illness was undoubtedly caused by want of shelter, so I resolved to remain in the rear of the caravan to prevent any straggling and staying about on the road, instead of hastening into camp. And a wearisome time I had on this march, orcupying nine hours and a half, for more than four hours were wested in driving the men along. . Further delay in marching threatened to end in disaster for every day the men became more feeble, and I was afraid of losing many if I lingered on the road. Our explorer found his men becoming day after day .more distressed and despondent. One man, in spite of the leader's vigilance and firmness in bringing up the rear of the caravan, turned aside into the jungle to sleep and rest, forgetful of the risk of be- ing devoured by wild beasts or of perish- ing by exposure to the bad weather. It was not till next evening that the straggler arrived in camp, more dead than alive. The poor fellow was past recovery; he died a few hours' later, although his comrades did all they could to restore him. Only two hours' and a half were spent in marching next day; and another of the men, heedless of the sad fate of his brother carrier, straggled away and hid himself, in sheer despair of marching further. The gravity of the situation was fully realised by the leader, as he saw the woe-begone condition of his party. With, that inventive wisdom, fixedness of purpose, and decisive action, which are indispensable in a commander of an expedition, Cameron resolved upon the course to be pursued under circumstances which threatened the death of the whole party from exhaustion and starva- tion. To his lasting honour, the calm self possession and herioc daring of our explorer, when failure threatened him almost in sight of the goal, were equal to the emergency. He says: After this day's exhibition, I saw that the marching powers of my men had gone from bad to worse, and that some decisive steps must be taken, or the caravan would never reach the coast, now only one hundred and twenty-six geograephical miles distant. Upwards of twenty men complained or being unable to walk far or to carry anything; swelled legs, stiff necks, aching backs, and empty stomachs being the universal cry. Taking my pipe to my assistance, I sat down for half an hour's reflection, and then resolved on the action to be taken. It came to this: throw away tent, boat, bed, and everything but instruments, journals and books; and then, taking a few picked men, make a forced march to the coast, sending thence assistance to the main body. And this was no sooner decided than acted upon, for no time was to be lost .. Early on the following morning I started with five of my own men, Malnoel and two of his, and the Bailunds, who said they could go at any pace-to make a rush for the coast leaving three of Manoel's people to not as guides to the caravan. My kit consisted of what I stood up in, and a spare shirt, a pair of slippers, a blanket, trying-pan, tin cup, sextent, artificial horizon, and writing materials; making in all a load of about 201b., which was shifted from man to man on the journey. My peraonal etock of food and stores for the road was composed of half the fowl obtained at Lungi, a little flour, and my beat two yards of cloth. The "rush for the coast" was forthwith commenced at a good speed across rough and broken country. The English leader soon proved his superior energy and endurance by out marching his African companions in a way that astonished the natives. The Bailunda men, who were comparatively fresh, having only recently joined the caravan as guides throudh: their own country, and who had boasted about their pace, soon gave in, saying that they never calculated upon going at such a rate. It was a killing pace, but it was for a saving purpose-to escape impending death from lingering and starving on the road. The narrator, describing his coastward stam pede, says: About 8 o'elook we halted at a small camp situated epon a lare open uplad, oand made ourselve asu com for able as might be, and took adrantagn of the stream running at tihe foot of the bills to enjoy a bathe. I felt rather stiff, but Jumah was an adept at shampoo ing, and took some of the kinks out of my muscles. The next day we rose with the lark, and I was so hungry that I could not resist finishing the remains of my fowl, although well aware that I could scarcely hope for another taste of flesh between this and the Leaving the camp we made a gradual ascent, and passing through a gap, found before us a steep end almost precipitous descent, down which we went like goats jumping from atone to stone. This day we had eleven hours' hard walking and were very glad indeed to camp. One would have thought that the natives of the district would have had humanity enough to help the poor wayfarers; and that every up caravan that was met on the road would have heartened the white man and his few sable followers, by kindly greeting and hospitable treatment. This was not so, how ever: We endeavoured to persuade some people working in the fields to supply us with food, but they refused to enter into any commercial transactions with us. Going empty away from these unsociable natives, we soon afterwards met a large caravan carrying two apologies for flags, and bringing up the rear were some men wearing hate and coats .... . First they attempted to hustle us out of tile road, and then behaved towards as generally in a very objectionable manner. Onefellow knocked up against me purposely, upon which I tripped just as purposely, though seem inely by accident, and sent him sprawling with his load, by way of a hint that he could not expect to have his own way in everything. Onward went the way.worn travellers, day after day, marching from sunrise to dusk. Their leader strove to keep up appearances, but he was failing fast. His head and legs and ankles were acutely painful. Yet he held on his way, knowing that every step was bringing him nearer to the coast and to rest, and fully conscious that if he betrayed the least weakness it would be the signal for the break down of the whole party. At length stretching away on the distant horizon, two days' toilsome march ahead of them, the At lantic was sighted, with what emotions let our author tell: Scrambling along the steep and rocky ridge of hills, interested by several watercourses and ravines with almost perpendicular sides, and then up a path not .nlhke a broken-down flight of steps, we reached the summit of the range. What was that distant line upon the sky P We all gazed at it with a strange mingling of hope and fear, scarcely daring to believe it was the sea. But looking more intently at the streak, happily left no room for doubt. It was the sea. There was little "go" left in me now. I was very nearly broken down, for though my head and legs had ceased to ache so acutely, I was suafering excru elating pain in my beck. At almost every step I feared I should be compelled to lie dogn and wait for some assistance from the coasl but I thought of the poor exhausted fellows behind who were trusting to me to send them aid, and being sustained by the near approach of the end of my journey I still managed to keep on my legs. The remainder of the day was spent in crawling over rocks and dragging through pools waistdeep, dammed up in hollows airce the last ruins and now slimy and stagnant. I confess that it was a relief when about 4 o'clock I heard some of my men declare they could march no further, for though I wea fully aware of the vital importance of pressing on and should have hesitated to suggest a halt, yet I was very weak and glad indeed to rest. One of my people and another of Mfanoel's being still able and ready to march, we despatched them with a note begging any charitably disposed person to send a little food to meet us on the road. I then ate my last morsel of damper, and turned in, intending next day to make the inal effort. A night's rest, another day's weary and painful tramp, then a sleepless night of tumultuous excitement and pleasurable anti cipation, and then the last march, which was to bring the travellers to Katombdla, a place consisting of about a dozen houses belonging to Benguella merchants, situated within twelve miles of the sea. Twenty minutes brought the party within eight of the AtlAntic, which had been lost to view after descending the range from which they first descried it. The triumphal entry into Katombdla is thus de scribed : I ran down the steps towards Katambtla swinging my rifle round my bead which I believe was almost ' turned' for joy; and the men, carried away with the same sense of relief, joined the running till we sp. proached nearer the town. Th,.n I unfurled my colours and went forward more quietly. Coming, towards us I saw a couple of hammocks with awnings, followed by three men carrying blankets and on meeting this party a jolly-looking little French. man jumped out, seized the baskets, and instantly opened a bottle to 'drink to the honour of the first European who bad ever succeeded in crossing tropical Africa from sest to west.' The remaining experiences of our author are sodn told. He fell seriously ill of scurvy, and had to be hurried away in a hammock to Benguella for medical treatment, which hap pily resulted in his recovery. His men all arrived safely; the party took ship from Benguella and on the 21st November an chored in the harbour of Loanda, the chief Portuguese town on the West Coast. Our hero felt in duty bound to report himself to the British Consul at this port.. He says: " Arriving at the consulate my knock was answered by a little mulatto servant, who ran away on seeing me, and left me standing at the door in some aston ishment, but another entrance on the right was soon opened and the Consul himself appeared. He looked rather hard at me, wondering who the seedy individual before him might be. I then said, " I have come to report myself from Zanzibar-over land." At the mention of " Zanzibar" he began to stare, but at the word " overland" he stepped back a pare, and then coming forward placed both his hands on my shoulders and said, "Cameron ! my God !i" The tone in which these words were uttered made me feel that in David Hopkins, the Consul, I had found a true friend. Bringing me some letters a year old which had been waiting here for me, he said that on that very morn ing, he had been looking at them with Osroegie, the Vice consul, remarking that I should never turn up to get them ; and a few hours later I stood at his door! At Loanda' Cameron paid off his men, and shipped to their home the faithful fellows who had travelled with him from Zanzibar. He then sailed for Liverpool. We think all the better of our hero for his closing para graph, with its grateful recognition of Provi dence and its touching appreciation ofmaternal aflfection : On the 2nd of April, 1876, we arrived in the Her sey, and it was with a heart fail of gratitude to God for His goodness in protecting me through so many dangers that I recognised ty mother among those waiting to welcome me on my return to England after an absence of three years and four months. We purposed giving a few particulars re specting the manners and customs of the tribes of Central Africa, but space forbids to make more than one or two extracts. Poly gamy prevails amongst the leading men of the tribes, some of them being "very much married," as Artemus Ward said of Brigham Young. That "unspeakable Turk" Abdul Aziz, the deposed Sultan, required forty boats to convey his harem when he quitted the Palace for the Old Seraglio Kasongo, chief of Urus, is a worthy compeer of the late Sultan in this respect, inasmuch as he requires forty huts to house his wives, each domicile accommodating three or four. The religion of the Cebtral Africans is debasing in the extreme, consisting of fetishism and devil worship. A belief in a future lifeexiste, for Cameron was believed by Kasongo to be a ghost sent to visit him from the spirit-land; and he tells us of an old dame, the widow of a chief, who stood in high repute as a spirit t alistic medium, holding communication with her deceased husband. Savagery of the most cruel and revolting character Prevails amonr, the people, including mutilation, human sacri fices, and cannibalism. The ceremioiees which take place at the burial of a chief of Urna are probably unequalled in barbarity: The first proceeding is to divert the course of a stream, and in its bed to dig an enormous pit, the bottom of which is then covered with living women. At one and is placed a women on her hands and knees, and upon her back thedead chief, covered with his beads and other treasures, is seated, being sup ported on either side by one of his wives, while hii second wife sits at his feet. The earth is then shovelled in on them and all the women are buried alive with the exception of the second wife. To her cuostom is more merciful than to her companions, and grants her the privilege of being killed before the huge crave is filled in. This being completed a nnmber of male slaves sometimes forty or fifty-are slaughtered and their blood poured over the grave ; after which the river is allowed to run its course. Freemasons, Oddfollows, Orangemen, and all brotherhoods who have mystic rites of initiation should be interested in the way int which the Africans " make brothers" west of Tanganyika: Syde Merni " made brothers" with Pakwanywa ; and I went into the village to witness the ceremony. Pakwanywa's head man acted as his sponsor, and ons of my askari assumed the like office for Syde. The first operation consisted of making an incision on each of their right wrists, just suaerient to draw blood, a little of which was scraped off, and spread on the other's cut, after which gunpowder was rubbed in. The concluding part of the ceremony was performed by Pakwanywa's sponsor holding a sword resting on hin (Pokwanywn's) shoulder, whilst he who acted for Syde went through the motion of sharpening a knif on it. Both sponsors mreanwhile made a ,oeech, call ing down imprecations on Pokwanywa and all hie relations-peat, present, and future, and praying that their graves might be defiled by pigs if he broke the brotherhood in word, thouught, or deed. The same form having been gone through with respect to Syde, the sponsors changing duties, tile brother-making was complete. Two chapters of the work before us are devoted to the physical geography of Central Africa, in which the author propounds some curious but apparently well-founded theories concerning the geological formation of the continent, and gives his conclusions respect ing the watersheds, river basins, and lakes of the country. He considers that the systems of the Congo and Zambesi lock into each other in such a manner that by improving the existing condition of the rivers, and by cutting a canal of about twenty miles through level country, they maight be connected and internal navigation be established from the West to the East Coast. In these chapters the tribal divisions of territory are also described, and the distinc tive features of each district are pointed out. We observe that, as in most aboriginal lan. guages, the native names are descriptive of the topography of the neighbourhood. Un ynnyemb6, for example, is a name signifying -extensive cultivation,- U, country; nya, a form of the preposition ya, "of," the n being introduced for the sake of euphony; and yembr , hoes: the whole meaning" the country of the hoes," or cultivated country. Ugunda, again, the name of a large fertile territory, means " the country of farms." Tanganyiku signifies "the mixing-place," being derived from Kutanganva " to mix or shuffle," and doubtless refers torthb nomminilittg of. the waters of the sprinsi&, tori?pits, and rivers which feed the labk. Our author's &Aoipluding; chapter deals with the internal and ext~lt.stsave trade of Africa and the proposed schemes for its suppression, and with the question of the prospects of colonuiation. He states that, at the lowest estimate the slave traffice involves annually a loss of a half a million lives. The chief pro moters of this traffic are the Arab traders of Zanaibar and the East Coast, and their agents and patrons in Egypt and Turkey. The Portuguese on the West Coast are also the ac complices of slave traders and kidnappers, as isproved by stubborn facts. Many sad sights, stirring up our author's vehement indignation against this accursed traffic in human beings, were witnessed on his journey;-We-have room for one extract only: Slaves were usually gagged by having a piece of wood like a snaflie tied into their moths. Heavy slave-forks were pianed round their necks, and their hands were fastened behind their backs. They were then attached by a cord to the vendor's waist. They were mostly captives surprised when in the woods a short way from their own villages, and had of course to be kept in cheins hr their masters to prevent them escaping. At Kutakasonco the Arabs live in good houses and in com'ort. One man employs 600 armed Wsnyamwedi. These fellows get little or no pay, but are allowed to loot the country all round in searol of subsistence and slaves. Some of the slaves they keep for themselves, giving their employers a sufficient number in return for the powder supplied to enable them to oppress the natives. Passing through the ruins of so many deserted villages, once the homes happy and contented people, was indescribably saddening. Where now were those who built them and cultivated the surrounding fields P Where P Driven off as slaves, massacred by villains engaged in war in which these poor wretches had no interest, or dead ol starvation and disease in the jungle. Africa is bleeding out her life-blood at every pore. A rich country, requiring labour only to render it one of the greatest producers in the world, is having its population-already far too scanty for its needs-daily depleted by the slave-trade and internecine war. Should the present state of affairs be allowed to con tinue, the country will gradually relapse into jungles and wilds, and will become more and more impene trable to the merchant and traveller. . That this should be a possibility is a blot on the boasted civiliza tion of the nineteenth century. And should England, with her mills working half-time and with distress in the manufacturing districts, neglect the opportunity of opening a market which would give employment to thousands of the workingelaeses, it will ever remain an inexplicable enigma. We are glad to find Cameron giving a foremost place to Christian Missions as an agency for the suppression of the slave traffic. He advises all interested in missionary efforts to aid to their utmost those.who are labour ing in Africa, and to send them worthy as sistants prepared to devote their lives to the task. The Scotch mission colony on Lake Nyasna has been successfully established ; the Church and University Missions are pioneer ing and settling; and the London Missionary Society, of which Moffatt and Livingstone were agents, despatched a mission party in October last to form a settlement on Lake Tauganyika. Missionary efforts, however, as our author says, will not avail to stop the slave trade and open the country to civilisa tion unless supplementod by commercial oen terp ise; and he regards the former as intro ductory to the latter, for " wherever mission aries prove that white mon can liveand travel, there trade is certain to follow." In pointing out the prospects of colonisa tion, Cameron shows that the vegetable and mineral produtes of Central Africa are equal in variety, value, and quantity to those of the mrost favoured portions of the globe. Sugar cane, cotton, coffee, tobacco, rice, wheat, sorghum, maize, (three crops of which arb often produced by the same patch of ground in eight months), india-rubber, and hemp are cultivated. Ivory, hides, and beeswax, aie amongz the animal products. Iron, coal, copper, and gold are among the minprles which abound. Potteries, foundries, and salt works were in operation as forms of native industrial enterprise. The author's scheme if colonisationt comprises the establishment of depbts or stations, say 200 miles apart, on a trunk route across the continent, with regular communication maintained between them; the acquirement of a port, by treaty or pur chase from the Sultan of Zanzibar ;the forms (ion of a light " pioneer" form of 'railway thence to Tanganyika, which he considers need not cost more than £1000 a maile; the placing of light-draught steamers on the Kambesi, Congo, and Kwanza Rivers, so as to utilise the watersheds for commerce, which he thinks would be best done under the con trol of a great company empowered by charter, and having a staff of civil and military officers; and the location of consular officers for each district as it is opened up. These suggested means for opening up Africa appear to com mend themselves as wise and practicable. From the extract quoted above, our author evidently considers it incumbent upon Great Britain to annex and colonise tropical Africa; and Stanley, in a speech at a fete given in honour of his return, also arges the same course, and says that England's wealth and facilities would enable her to do the work most effectively and honourably. Cameron closes with words of caution and counsel: I would impress upon all who approachbthis ques tioo the necessity for not being too sanruine. Many a name muet be added to those,whbo haefallen in the cause of Africa, much patient and. endiiring sl bour must be gone through withoht flinching or re. mining, before we see Africa truly free and happy...., Let us work soberly and sleadily, never being driven back or dishearleaed by any apparent failure or re. buff; but, should such be met with, search for the remedy, and then press on all the more eagerly. And sa in time, with God's blessing on the work, Afrias may be free and happy. ` + . Bravo, Cameron ! Wisely thought, diuly felt, fitly penned are these eseatiments. Truthful, candid, prudent--yet the dohbeel is inspiriting and hopeful withal. Oarpýuthor is to be congratulated on his pabiermenUts as an explorer, and on the production of-the charming narrative in which he tells the story of his travels and toils. He has1 well ahrned the rest and fame heisenjoying. Tlii4!. bold diver in mid Africa's sea," lost toisewi.for three years, has emerged from its:drt iand perilous depths, to augment our knowledgiof the country he has traversed, to takeb' Mak among successful and illuatrious eIxploMrs, and to contribute an additional ay itoithe halo of glory which surrounds Brittannia's name. B 