(Damomoolia. An Austkalian Fairy Story. BY DONALD CAMERON. Author of ' Scripopolis,' ' Silvervxiier Bend,' etc., etc. Dear Children, — I can see you all on tbis pleasant Christmas afternoon. The ciders are playing cricket on the parched open, the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or slumbering on the grass, fearless of the slimy snake that may be coiled not far off. And the eluttons of the flock, who have partaken too much of the tempting tart or the dyspeptic plum-pudding, recline in idleness, like young boacon strictors, who must hybernate a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girls, it is too warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen to a pleasant fairy tale, all about Australia, and with none of those terrible ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in England arc now being regaled, while seated round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, ' Afraid to whi«per for the fear Of something terrible and near.' It wasn't many years ago when Harry Smith gave up city life and took up a selection in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, kind of heart, strong of muscle, just the kind of man we want in this new hind. And he had a loving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and two handsome children, Willie and Bessie, who were ten and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of grubbing and ploughing was over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife sat in their hut end taught their children whatever they knew themselves iu the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to them the teachings of that sacred book whioh should be a guide and a lamp to our feet. And a bright, peaceful life these good people led. Willie and Bessie never tired of roam* ing in the forests, searching for flowers and ferns, seeking in vain to catch a glimpse of the melodious bell-bird, wtt»e glorious song, heard in the recesses of the wood, of ratatata ye-wattee, was like a siren voice to them, now having a vision of the strange lyre bird, then catching a sight of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the roseUas and cooka toos. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked up several pete. There was Mag, the magpie, whose existence was spent in a cycle of curiosity, alternately pluck ing up young plants by the roots to see how they grew, and hiding every thing that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big spoon. It was the children's opinion that no creature in the world could cock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Mag. They found her a featherless, disreputable-looking nest ling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Mag hod been taught some naughty words by the man Harry employed occasionally to help him, but several douses of cold water had cured her of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with pre datory crows, whose thefts Mag cordi ally hated, though herself the biggest tbief that ever walked upon two legs. But Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scruple not to rob their master, but who fly into a terrible rage if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Mag was Cocky, tho cockatoo, and between the two no love was lost, though each united in common warfare against poor Tibby, the tortoiscshell cat. These two would watch pubs until they saw her stretch herself ou the doorstep, in the sun, to have a nap, and then both would peck at her, and fly off to th« palings and shriek with delight. Cocky was the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch his poll. Occasionally he would wander away, and, after an absence of a day or two, return considerably damaged. He would be very silent and sad for a while, and would mope on his perch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, ' Poor Cocky.' In addition to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from tho plain but intelligent rosclla to the gorgeous but dumb king-parrot ; a native bear, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey was a dear, quiet thing, with great, mild eyes, who followed the children everywhere, and over whom Rover, the intelligent colley, kept watch, while Pipit had to be kept in a box, and great was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread nnd milk, and it would make the most surly mortal laugh to see him sit up on his hind paws and wash his face with his paws as daintily as a lady. - Woll, I dare say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, children, learn to be patient. I 'wanted to show you how happy Willie and Bessie were, and how naughty it was of them to become discontented with their lot. This is how they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a deDSe wood at the back of the hut. This wood exor cised quite an infatuation over them. On dark nights they stood at the back door and looked out into its gloomy recesses, and wondered what creatures made their abode in it.' On moonlit nights they watched the strange mingling of light and shadow, the waving of the branches, and shuddered as they listened to the deep signs of the breeze as it passed through, tho ' mopoke,' mopoke,' of the night-owl, tho sharp cry of the dingo, and the mournful wail of tho curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how pleasant seemed its cool recesses. And, yet, I warrant muoh of its charm was owing to its being for bidden to them. They inherited Eve's failing. One day their parents were burning on rubbish on the land cleared for the plough, and the two were sitting alone under a tree, with their pets all around them— Cocky engaged in an encounter with the cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, under the impression, perhaps, that they were diamonds. ' Couldn't we just go a 'ittle bit in f' queried Bessie, lifting her sun-browned faoe to Willie's in a pleading way. Ohl woman, ever since Eve, the tempter. 'No, Bessie,' said Willie, ' we oan't, Father says he'll beat us if we do, and mother says the blacks'H kill us. And you know that Nanny, the old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit.'Ooroomoolia, lived in there.' ' Oh,' said Bessie, with a great show of shrewdness, 'I don't believe what they Raid. Tou know mother told us there was poison iu thoie bottles father brought from town, but it was syrup.' ' And didn't we get properly licked for trying it r fcsWwiHle. 'Yes; but they won.'!' find us out this time,' urged Bosrie. -'They wonH * come home till the sun is going down.' gjNow, if Willie had been very strong on the point, I daresay he would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't ; he was just as eager as his sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow, like Adam, he thought if anything wrong came of it, and the escapade was discovered, he would be able, as Adam did, to throw the blame on the girl. And so, after a little further argument, ho gave in, and pre tended to follow her reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. It was a still, hot day ; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep blue sky or its golden horizon ; and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry, and there was no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to breathe, though attenuated. In the forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant silence, a great sense of rest. The birds had taken to shelter in the thick foliage of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of the wood were silenced. The cicada sang, it is true, but with a subdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its aerial melody enchanted the ear. The children wandered on through the wood hand in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No ogre peepod out from behind a tree — only a kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's fleBh intent, hobbled up — only a great black snake, that lay on the path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass — that, I think, is the' best term to use for the movement of a Bnake. It was refreshing for the children to come to a small watercourse that ran through the wood, cheerily singing as it Sassed over the pebbles and stones. The ay was so warm that Willie at once proposed what is known in the country as a ' bogie,' that is a bath in the limpid stream, and he had half undressed, when, on the other side of the little rill, he beheld a graceful lizard basking in the suu. Surely never had gem such colours, for as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. Bessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up bis courage to grasp the pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a blue-winged butterfly. The children had no hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that they were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started to catch (he lovely thing. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on tho graSB, and in its place appeared a beautiful parasol flower, richlyorimsoned. The children wore about to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a dry f uzzyhead, as a kind of daiBy-like flower is called, the seeds of which are contained in a fuzzy kind of head. ' I wonder where the pretty thing's gone?' queried Willie. ' Where all Fancy's children go,' said a deep voice; and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them with a venomous look. ' I was the lizard, the butterfly, the flower. Ye are like older children, ye fly after what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safety behind. Under that guise I lured you into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine. ' But you must set them the task,' said another voioe, and, looking round, the children saw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. ' I claim them as mine, the children of the wattle blossom.' The boy and girl now saw that the block man vastly reBembled an iron bark-tree. ' Not till they do the task,' retorted the Spirit of the Iron Tree. The children looked with astonish ment around them. - Every tree, shrub and plant, appeared to have become ani mated, each a human type of the species. The graceful myall danced in the sun shiny the Bombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, the gnarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The larger trees seemed ogres, eager to devour, and the smaller cowered at their glances, save the wattle, who stood guard over the children. 'The task, then, the task!' cried the Wattle Spirit, with a wave of her hand, whioh diffused a wonderful^fra granoe. 'It is,' oried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, 'that they will fetch me) the ohoioest thing in this wood within two hours. Go !'r The wattle seemed to pity the children, but appeared powerless to help them; and ao the poor little things had to go their way. What could be the most precious thing thoy knew not. Willie thought it was gold, and looked for grains of the precious metal; Bessie fancied it was the loveliest flower. Long they wandered, until the sun sank behind the hills and the glorious light of the noon fell upon the wood, oreating lights end shadows marvellously beautiful. The children were about throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again ohanged, and there were the iron-tree and the wattle. ' Well,' oried the Spirit of the Iron Tree, ' have you found the ohoioest thing in the forest r' The wattle seemed in great pain as she watohed the answer. ' We have not found it,' said Willie, looking up with honest eyes. The Iron-Tree gave a great sigh, as when a storm passes through its branches, and became at once a tree, and nothing more, as did the others, eave the wattlo, ' Yes, you have, children,' she said, with a benignant smile. 'The ohoioest thing in this wood is the truth.' 'They are here — they a-e here!' cried Harry Smith, bounding to the side of the little stream where Rover was barking joyously at two sleeping forms cuddled up in each other's arms. ' I know the dog was right.' ' Heaven be praised I' cried his wife, her face illuminated with joy, as the* moonlight streamed upon it. And she( kissed them until they awoke. ' Oh, father,' cried BesBie, 'we have seen ogres, and giants, and fairies, and the tree spirit Ooroomoolia.' . ' And what did they teach you, eweet one F' he asked, as he clasped her to his breast and made for home. ' That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father,' replied Bessie. ' TheD, child, they were from Heaven, for the choioest thing — not only in this forest, but in the world — is Truth I' The Just and the Vntcbt.— The good man Blammeth the gate and bang eth the door, and maketh a noise, for his heart is without guile and he feareth not the grievous words of his wife ; but the naughty man shuteth the gate softly, and stealeth upstairs in his stook ing feet, and stumbleth over the rocking chair, and the hist condition of that man is worse than the first. They m a beautful lizard. 