IPSWICH. . Branch Office, Ipswich, Noon, This Dav. 'Tins '-cooling drinks of Australia' might surely bo taken by somo poet aa a title upon whioh to build a national poem, in imitation of the ' Roast Beef of Old England.' Tn England thoy flirt with claret cup, and so on, drinking this heavy compound as often as not in wea ther when hot punch would be morn season UUltt ? UU.ii 1IL AUBl'lUUU, J.£JtlWlUU IU W1C, WJlO has not found himself in front of a row of small taps, each emitting a luscious draught of a different flavour ? Tnere we all meet, suints and sinners, it ia an institution that touches our common humanity all round, ovoryono who has a threepenny bit, and somehow ono gots that insignificant coin oftener thun any other, marches boldly up and onjoys the purest bliss ho is likely to experience in this colony, and departs, his throat-cooled, his thirst slaked, and his temper soothed for tho noxt half-hour. There is colonial wine, a produce whioh seems soarcoly sufficiently appreciated, considering tho perfection to which its manufacture has been brought. Wo havo drunk a light wine vory much liko Soutorno, which, with water, wo should think would form a wholesome and economical drink in such weather as this. It has beon urged as an objection to the gonoral adoption of this fluid that one requires to drink so much of it. About the necessity of drinking so much we have no opinion, but that a great deal is drunk by young gentlemen who try tho exporiment wo make no question ; but wo would humbly submit that tho fault would bo common to every form of summer drink, that is ever likoly to find its way to thirsty Athons. Thoro is tho resource of brandy and wator, and wo are told that somo coarse mortals habitually absorb rum ; but there needs no ghost to rise from out of tho grave to toll us that is a mistako. Fanoy a man swallowing rum when ' nectar' is being retailed — tho drink of the GodB — at threepence a glass. We have been assured that the only safe thing to do is to drink aB little as possible. So we do — a gallon an hour iB the very least we can get along on — but there is . no doubt tho question of cooling drink is worthv of re flection. The only thing is the reflections would have ' but ono termination — we shonld drink more iced stuff than over, The Musical Union. — Tho fourth concert of tho second season of tho Ipswioh MuBioal Society took place at the School of Arts yes terday, when Muofurren's ' May Day,' and a miscellaneous selection, wero performed. Tho lamented denth of Mrs. Tozer, whioh we announced yesterday, occasioned tho absenco of a groat many of tho perform 'rs, and a noticeable sparsenoss in tho audience. Tho porformanoo of ' May Day' was principally rouiarkablo for tho open ing chorus, which wont with admirable spirit, and tho singing of Miss Cameron, who led through a recitative, solo nnd chorus with an ability and delicaoy of execu tion whioh evidonzod diligence of study aud attention to dotails. The second part opened with that inimitable glee, Bishop's ' Chough nnd Crow,' a piece of music, a part of whioh, for dignity of expression and sweet ness of harmony, is unsurpassed by any wo are acquainted with. Miss Camorou again camo to tho foro with tho song ' Onoo again,' nnd recoived an encoro, when slio substituted ' Bonny Doon.' Miss O'SIalley achieved a similar distinction in the song ' Kathleen Mavourneen.' Mr. Weise roeoived liberal applause for his rendering of ' The Standard Bearor,' And after somo very enjoyable quar tettes and trios the concert terminated with the Nationnl Anthem. Art Union. — There are now on view iu tho Counoil Chnmber of the Sohool of ArtB, eevon or eight oil paintings, being specimens of those to be distributed by the Queensland Art Union. They nre mostly copies of the works of well known European artitites. There are 1,000 shares at 10a. 6d. each! : ? ? : Death op Miib. IIoraob -Toxeh.— We an nouncod yesterday j the lamented' death of Urs. Horaco Tozer, second daughter of Mr. G. H. Wilson, an ovent which caused great gloom in Ipawioh. It was known that 8uo was ill, and that there was no chance of her reoovery, but nevertheless tho Bhook seemed dreadfully sudden. The doooosed lady leaves five ohildren. The shops in IpBwioh closed then- shutters all day as a mark of respect. The body is being convoyed to Gympie, as wo stated yoBtorday it would bo. Mrs. Tozor will bo bunod beside a child alroady there. 