Theatrical Gossip. At the Theatre Royal, Sydney, Mrs. Scott Sid. dons, assisted by Mr. G. D. Chaplin and th, Dramatic Company, are appearing in the, "Octoroon" to very good houses. Mrs. Scott Siddons takes tile part of " Zoe," and Mr. Chaplin as " Wah-no-tee." At the " Vic." on Friday night, Mr. G. W. Carey, took a benefit, which was largely at ended. The " Octoroon" war played, Mr. Carey appear ing as the Indian Wah-no-tee. On Saturday night, the drama of "The Ocean of Life" was mounted by Miss Amy Hirtou, her first appear ance in Australia. " Oliver Twist" is drawing good houses atthe Queen's. Mr. R. D. Ogden as Bill Sykes, Miss Kate Douglas as little Oliver, anrd Mr. Lachlan M'Gowan as the Altful Dodger, are very successful. The last week of " D'Arcy Read's Ghost," at the Guild Hill is announced, which has had a very successful run in Sydney. The first appearance of Mr. Alfred Wyburd champion skater, took place at the Temperance Hall, Sydney, on Saturday night. Madame Carandini and company have been doing well at Parkes, and are expected to appear at Goulburn in the latter part of the week. At Melbourne, the theatres are doing very well. At the Opera House, Miss Amy Sherwin and company are playing the opera of "La Sonnambula." "Our Girls" is being played at the Academy of Music. Kelly and Leon's Minstrels are appearing at St. George's Hall. At the Royal, Mr. J. J. Wallace and company are playing at series of comedies. "Uncle Tom's Cabin," as played by the Georgia Minstrels at the Princes, Theatre, is much ad mired. Miss Emma Hardinge-Britten is lectur ing at the Athenmum Hall on the subject of " Who and what are the Roscicrucians." ' The Brisbane theatres are very well occupied at present, and wi!h a good business. Mis' Flora Austead has just completed an engage ment at the Queensland Theatre, and Baker and Farron are now playing there in " Conrad and Lizette." Thompson's Diorama of the American War is being exhibited at the School of Arts. In Tasmania, at the Royal, Mr. H. S. Pincroft and company, are playing for the fist, time in Tasmania, the drama of "Will and the Way." The Canlifornia theatre has changed hands Mr. John McCullach transferring his lease to General WV. Burton and Mr. Frank Lawlor. It was thought that an arrangement would be made with Lr. Harwood, late of the Royal, Melbourne, but by the last mail that gentleman did not put in an appearance. It opened on the 20th with " Hamlet," to be foll-wed by "legr~old" and " Joe Jefferson"' under tIhe new manngemet. Miss Eleanor Carey had expressed her intention of returning to Australia, and resigring as leading lady; but, on reflection, concluded to remuin. The grand opera house has closed its doors, and its present owners--Mesers. Hood and O'Brien-are trying to sell it to the Gove n ment for a sort of militaty head quarters. MHac donald (the last lessee) lost 130,000dol. by the business in a'short time. Miss Ada Ward left for New York after a week's stay in San Francisco. The Troubadours play for one week at Baldwin's to a very good business, and are now travelling through the State. Blanche Correli has severed her connection with the troupe. It is mooted that Tracy Titus is about to organize an opera bouffe company for Australia. Miss Catherine Lewis has sued and recovered 5000dols. from the manager of the Rice Even geline party. Her husband accepted Rice's note in satisfaction of judgment, and when he at tempted to negotiate it, found the drawer was in bankruptcy. 