^ M U S E N M U K THEATRE ROTAL.—The grand tragedy "Macbeth" was presented at the Royal on Monday night for the second time before a large assemblage. Mr. Creswick appeared to fine advantage in the character, and was greeted in the most effective scenes with rounds of tumultuous applause. Mr. Holloway as Macduff was seeD at his best, nor less successful were Mr. Reynolds as Malcolm and Mr. Martin as Duncan. Miss Cany George's Lady Macbeth was also a very creditable production, and found special favour with the* audience. But some of the minor parts were scarcely undertaken in a praiseworthy style. For example, there was a world of room far improvement in the personation of Rosse; and the " soldiers" were a very raw squad indeed. But these defects were perhaps not altogether unwelcome, for they helped to weaken with a grim humour the high tension of feeling which the admirable acting of the leading characters excited—sometimes to an almost painful degree. The same piece will be repeated to-night. JOCKEY CLUB NOMINATIONS.— Nominations must be made with Mr. C. J. Coates on Tuesday, 13th, for the St. Leger and Two-year-old Stakes of 1878-9 and the Derby of 1879-80. "WINNER or THE GOODWOOD CUP.—Now that the entries have come to hand we see that the Goodwood Cup was won by a four-year-old named Kincsem. The nominations, however, only givethe name, and as it is not* mentioned previously it is impossible to say whose horse he is. As far as we can see he has nob started "before. There were seventeen nominations:—Pilchard, p eg€antj' ohkron, Lady Lumley, Hilarious, Chamant, Verneuil, Petrarch, Glen Arthur, Start, Lord Clive, Thurio, Mida. With penalties in the case of the cracks and allowances in other cases, doubtless Kincsem has' had the best of it. EIGHT HOTJRS SYSTEM AT PORT ADHLAIDB.— A meeting of "Portonians, who*, having initiated the eight hours system, wanted to know the reason why they should iiqtxelebrate the success attained by them by a demonstration of their_ own," took place at the Duke of Wellington Hotel on Monday night, August 12. Mr. S. Webster presided, and there was a large and re- presentative gathering. It was decided that "Portonians" should, on September 2, celebrate by a demonstration the eight hours system, and that permission should be .sought for the joseof Torrens Island for a picnic and excursion. The various Committees and Sub-Committees were appointed to give effect, to the resolution. The movement was stated to have taken its risebom the division in Adelaide on the subject, for it was reasoned that if Portonians joined either party they must give offence to the other. The meeting was very unanimous in its proceedings, and seemed' determined to bring abont a successful demonstration. RAINFOBD'S GHOST ENTERTAINMENT.—There was a good attendance at White's, Rooms on Monday evening, when Mr. J. H. Rainford presented a rew phantasmagorical en'e-tainmenfc for the first time in Adelaide. Notwithstanding some defects in the management of the lights and other difficulties which are inseparable from the first presentation of such illusions this part of the entertainment was fairly successful. The illusions seem to be produced bv the application of a similar principle to that of Pepper's ghost. The majority of the phantoms were very clearly defined, and it is certain that all persms present who were . unacquainted with the mystery must have believed; that the figures which were manoeuvring on the stage before them were real htimun beings arid not reflected images of them. The first part of the entertainment, entitled *.' Temptation, or the Adventures of Hubert de Burgh," served to introduce a number of apparitions representing individuals who by seducive arts endeavour to tempt Hubert from the fulfilment of. a Bacred trust. - He is, however, proof against them, and is rewarded for his fidelity by the appearance of a beautiful phantom of bis future wife. OTie illusion of the phantom Christy minstrels is a' marvellous one. The audience are intently watching the actions of three human images in ebony, but quite unexpectedly they are transformed into a trio'of hoary-headed venerable old men who continue to carry on the grotesque antics of the minstrels who were previously before the audience.. With the rapidity of a lightning flash they vanish from the scene, and the coloured folks reappear in their former positions. The last part • of the entertainment, however, was decidedly the best. The eccentric movements of a Mephistophelianlooking demon, a witch, and another ghost Who appear scaling, walls with the agility' of monkeys on the limb of a tree, and then hover in the air executing most intricate twinings and intertwlnings, formed a spectral vision which could not but' astonish and at the same time please the 'audience. The vocal efforts of the members of the company were anything but entertaining. ' The substitution of sparkling dialogues would much improve the entertainment. Miss Amy Horton must be excluded from this general remark.' Her seriocomic singing was well appreciated by the audience. The entertainment is one which must be seen to be thoroughly understood; at any rate a very inadequate idea of it can be con- veyed through the medium of a short notice like this. It is to be repeated this evening. WoonvnxE INBTITUTB.—The talent of the Adelaide liedertafel was exercised at & concert on Monday night, August 12, given on behalf of the newly established Institute at Woodville. His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide (Mr, D. Bower) presided, and an excellent selection of music was ably rendered. The programme opened with a chorus, which was succeeded by a- tenor song—" The Message"—by Mr. Oelmsnn. A quartette," Gram Co," preceded a reading by Mr. J. B. Blair. " The Image of the Rose" was nieely sung by Mr. Oelmann, and Mr. F. H- Otto gave " IN happy moments." The Liedertafel produced "Das einsam Roslem," after which Mr. H. Christen rendered " The Village Blacksmith." The "Frogs* Cantata" was the last item of an enjoyable bill of fare. The merits of the entertainment as well as the object deserved a full instead of a half-filled house, but the audience atoned for its smallness by manifesting a warm appreciation of the efforts made to ensure success. THEATRICAL GOSSIP. — The San Francisco correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, writing under date July 8, furnishes the following items of theatrical gossip" During holiday week the three theatres have done a good business. The Grand Opera-house was thrown open on the 4th to take advantage of the national holiday, and made a profitable spurt. George Rignold is in his second week of ' Henry V.' at the California, and is crowding the house. The new engagements in New York for this theatre are Miss Gussie De Forest for leading lady, and Miss Mary Frescott, juvenile. Miss De Forest takes Miss Eleanor Carey's place, about whose plans for the future reports are contradictory. Some say she wishes to return to Auslralia,but the more probable report is that she will shortly be married to a young broker named Livingstone, who has long felt a tendresse for the fair Australian, and has abundant fortune. The lady has recently recovered from a severe illness. Mr. Joseph Jefferson played a brilliant engagement of four weeks at the California, devoting most of the time to 'Rip Van Winkle.' At Baldwin's Mr. Joseph Murphy has appeared in Irish drama with but limited success. The piece is called ' Kerry Gow.' Murphy is making arrangements for a professional tour of Australia and Mew Zealand, but will not leave for five or six months yet. Mr. John E. Owens announces that he will shortly set out on a two years' professional tour of the world, and so take farewell of stage life. You will therefore have an opportunity of seeing this favourite American comedian in Melbourne. Mr. Henry Edwards, formerly of Melbourne,"has disconnected himself with the Californian Theatre, and wilt shortly leave the State for Boston, where he joins the leading theatre under the management of Mr. Orlando Tompkins. Previous to his departure a grand farewell complimentary lienefit will be given. His entomological collection has been sold to the University of Cali- - 1 fornia for $12,000. Mr. Fred Lyster is still manager of Baldwin's. A little trouble arose between that theatre and the California a few weeks ago concerning Sardou's new play, ' Diplomacy.' Maguire, who is now in Europe, churned to have bought the piece; but French (for whom Coppin is agent ia Melbourne)' opposed to this claim proofs of 'proprietary right,' having bought the piece ia MS. It WW thought at one time there would be legal war; but French's claim was too strong to be controverted, and Baldwin's management gracefully yielded the point. This theatre will bring out 'The Octoroon' to-night in a style of exceptional splendour; at least, we are so promised. Miss Emilie Melville returned from the Eastern States on the 7th inst. She will immediately organize an op£ra- bouffe company for the colonies." 