On Doctors. ! Doctors are men with eye-glasses, and black coats, and shiny liate, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just lea ofl singing very solemn music. They smile softly whon thoy meet you, and shako hands wtii you in a slow deliberate way. They love tho society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightly and en tertaining animals, they get their clothes brushed every lime tho dock strikes, and rub their haU with diimp towels to make them glisten. They drinkcold water wimi»»j ?'»- '?»??- morning for their health, and put oil on their hair for tho good of trade. A man once told mo that no one ever yot saw the ghost of a doctor, for tho moment a doctor dies all the I other irhosts gather around his ghost, and trU him so baJly that it b asbameJtosliowiUJIac.torospoct able peopie evur mk» »»»? ™ *— ™~ me tWb the reason of thia .fa .because the doctors made nearly all tho other fiudaiisoi.poop'e. - i»;-''-;.rt,^--:^, one UaalTiiyw anotiiBrKaiia^iilte, And bend over you, and ask in |j whinner, ' How are we cotHngonf Then thoy walk over to the chimney glass, and arrango their scans ana E and the foTds of their shirts ;| after this they turn' their backs to the gloss, and, having strotehod out their arms to «io full length, twnt their wristbands a little, and smooth tho back of one hand wiui mo pnim of tho other. All this makes them cool and collected, and provonts thorn from looking within ten years of their roal a^o. . ! Wlion doctors come into a bod room thoy smilo and talk about tho weather and tho prico of mutton. Then they lookout of tho window, and ask who lives opposite, and whether his oldest daughter is not married to _young Edmunds of tho Lancers, and it mere is nny '™' »' tho rumour that his oldest boii had given up his wild habits and w at tending to his profession. After this thoy walk over to tho sick poman and say, 'Well, so you have per suaded yourseii wiav ju'-'» „„. Now lot us see— lot us see. Ihen.. they catch hold of the person h hand and' take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to sloop. After a while they shut the watch enso with a loud snap, and sigh faintly, as if thoy were waking ; and then look up at the ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with tho toes of their boots on tlie carpet. After this thoy enquire how often tho sick -person has aslcod what o'clock it was during the post woek, _..j :-?!.,. l.n.l hni-n nickinir his teeth with brass, or cutting his hair with a rat-trap. After they have boon answered, they request the sick per son to put out his tongim. When they see the tongue they Ray, ' H m very softly, and sit down with. ?ii ? _:li. 'rimir flmn nnnilll'O It the sick person has «xprc»H«d any ?wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other poison, i or if he has been using terms of affec tion in connection with the namo of his mother-in-law, or with tho Com muno, or with the income tax or ll ho has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a wandering or 1 -«r««i,inrl mind. TJnon bomx an «wered,they say 'H'm again, and i leave tho room immediately after W0AsSsoom as thoy get back to tho parlor or drawing-room, they say I that tho sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept an quiot as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket-handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according w »?» ?»'- *-j forbid that ho shall see any bills, or telegrams in the dally papers, or any thing else that would be likely to ox cite or exasperate him. Then they take up a piece of paper, and write a few badly-flpolled words, and draw three Wed Btools, and frying-pans, I and wgimento of soldiers, and otoor hcMdiBhl^rMupon it, j'^^™*?1 ] a^file. HSTilien takes a-ftotwew Jaraffinoft an| luiving ; put aplnih of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it tome to the sick man^ Emanuel Kink. ? ^___ The Pine Valley ball and supper will comooffon Fridav evening next. Every Saturday night, the Good I Templars meet in Cooma Court House. B 1 Oddfbltjowb' Midwinter «e rjNios.— ThoCooma branch will moot I . 4.1.. i«j..o winm Mr. IS. Hewisons. at 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, 14th August, and thoy will wind up with a ball and refreshments at the Australian Hotel at night. In the afternoon, a treat will be prepared for children. _.„, I NewINSOLVENT.— William tJaruey, farmer, or Bega. Liabilities^ £98 *s. 7d. Assets, £7 15s. lOd. Mr.Sem pUl, official assignee. An extraordinary birth has taken I nlace in the district of Manaro with in the past week. The wife of a I -3ermangavebirtb toa healthy child j that has but one arm ; on the arm, there are but two lingers, no«»uu. Look out for ??»,??? singing and joking at .the Royal Assembly Booms liiextThursday night, andcontribute ' your mite «or Cooaw, School of Arts, 