POETICAL LICENSE. "0 Trumpery! 0 Moses!" Deae Punch, — I am not a poet myself. I never wrote a line of poetry in my life ; I never read much of it ; and, moreover, I have always considered that what somebody says about " Great wit to madness nearly is allied," is pretty near the truth, when the wit happens to be a poet. I think, also, there must be some foundation for what some other fellow writes, as to poets " in a fine frenzy rol ling." At any rate, little Scandal, whom I knew once, and who was accounted a first- rate poet, was always rolling in a frenzy — with which, I believe, his potations of whisky had a good deal to do. I am a member of the Strydanswagger Amateur Dramatic Club, and am accounted rather a don at the " leading character " business — the " walking gentleman " line, as I believe it is called — at least, so my friend Bedoker, of the "profession," tells me. Now, it fell out that, recently, we gave a performance in aid of the African Famine Relief Fund, and I was deputed to speak a prologue. I should not have minded this had I been permitted to say a few words in my own plain, matter-of-fact way ; but after I had, unluckily, consented to victimise myself by delivering a speech, which nobody ever listens to or cares about, little Scroggins, our manager, insisted that the address must be in verse. I objected that I never wrote verse, and never could write verse ; and that I could no more recite it than write it. All my arguments were over-ruled, however, by the imperious Scroggins. Delivery was a mere matter of practice ; and, as for writing the thing, if I couldn't manage it my myself— why, Scroggins knew the person who could " fix it for me in a jiff." Such was his expression, as he produced from the breast-pocket of his coat a large square card, on which was written, in bold characters: — I ' — ' | | J. MOETAB BRIX, ! POET, I d 1 (1 LAMP'S TERRACE, SNOBB STREET, Off Bluebottle-street, CHISELHURST. With my usual resolution of character, I armed myself with this ticket, and made the best of my way in quest of Mr. J. Mortar Brix. I will not, Mr. Punch, describe the difficulties of this journey — how I was driven in various omnibuses to various localities, none of which could boast the honour of containing the Poet's Temple of the Muses ; how policemen misdirected me ; how shopkeepers met my queries with curt negatives and glances of suspicion ; and how, finally, after an aged rustic had assured me, with a solemn wag of his grey head, that he had lived in " that theer neighbourhood for a matter of fower-and- thirty yeer, and never heern tell of no Snobb- street how, after this, Snobb-street proved to be not a stone's throw from said aged rustic himself ; and, how I ultimately dis covered Giglamp's Terrace, and was confronted by the poet, whom I discovered whitewashing his verandah. Mr. J. Mortar Brix was an affable little gentleman, who beamed condescendingly at me from behind a pair of goggles, and heard my story with unmoved tranquility. When I had finished, he informed me that he had been a poet and an author from his earliest infancy, and had composed romances, tragedies, and poems, without end. He was at present engaged upon a melodrama in blank verse, a meta physical treatise, a review of Tennyson's last poem, a couple of lead ing articles for the Tarban Thunderer , an art critique, and a few other trifles ; but would find time to knock off a prologue, which he believed would suit me and my auditors to a turn— brief, epigram matic, pungent, and pathetic. I murmured my acknowledgments, which, however, Mr. Brix cut short by enquiring my address, and when I desired the lines. I satisfied him as to the former query, and told him, in response to the latter, that, as we were to play in two nights, I must have the prologue at once. Mr. Brix informed me that I should receive it on the following morning. About noon, next day, Mr. Brix entered my abode. " I have called to lunch with you," said he, as he hung up his hat and overcoat in the hall, and slapped the dust off his boots with a white silk ban danna ; "and during the afternoon we shall have leisure to discuss the elegant little trifle I have brought for the delectation of your delighted audience of to-morrow." Mr. Brix certainly made himself quite at home. He sipped my brandy-and-soda with easy insouciance ; he criticised my poor col lection of art in a style which was highly calculated to lower it in my own estimation, and that of my friends ; he asked who was the "hideous old frump in the gilt frame over the chimney-piece," said " hideous old frump " being my maternal relative ; and, on luncheon being announced, he waltzed into a chair, snatched a napkin, and fed after a fashion that would seem to indicate the cravings of famine. Finally, he lit his pipe, and flung himself upon my satin lounge with the air of a gorged Esquimaux. Having an engagement for the afternoon, however, I was obliged to cut short Mr. Brix's visit in a manner somewhat unceremonious, albeit with as much politeness as I could muster, and begged his foi- giveness for being compelled to debar myself of the pleasure of his company. He appeared somewhat chagrined at this. Producing a bundle of foolscap, he placed it, with sullen dignity, upon the table, and stalked away with an air which was a curious amalgamation of Hamlet's father's ghost and an undertaker's mute. Now, Mr. Punch, I could no more learn this prologue than fly. It contained three hundred and fifty-six lines, written in a strain of such loftiness, that no ordinary human being could fall within the compass of their meaning. Three hundred and fifty-six lines of verse, and a day to study them in ! I couldn't do it. I didn't do it. There was no prologue. I was ridiculed and abused by the Club, and hooted by Mr. Brix (who had come, on my order, with three friends) from the front row of the reserved seats. Since then, he has intimated his intention to sue me for £50, which he considers his fee, and has written me three letters, couched in a curious style of impertinence and elegant satire combined, anathematising my bad taste, ridiculing my imbecility, and denounc ing my want of hospitality. So I have written you this letter, Mr. Punch, as a depanze to the demon Brix, and an exposure of his bad faith. Ever yours, FERDINAND FITZ-F ADDLE. 