THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION, OUR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, WEDNESDAY, DEC. 25, 1878 CHRISTMAS. The genial season of Christmas has come round again with its usual pleasing associa- tions. Whatever the troubles or diffi- culties which have beset us during the year, we feel bound at Christmas to forget them, and turn only to the bright side of things. This is the season for the reunion of friends temporarily parted, for a more cordial social intercourse, and generally for a dis- play of more kindly sentiments. It is beyond question good to have a season devoted to this wholesome relaxation— good in every way—good, morally and physically. Like mercy, it blesses the man himself and those who experience its effects. The best sentiments of our nature are called into play, and the grateful change lightens toil, and prepares us to commence the labors of a new year with renewed energies. Every nation and period have had their seasons of rejoicing and festivity, but these have too often been marred by the vices arising from ignorance and superstition, and have too often involved the misery and the sufferings of others who have been the victims. At present in many savage countries a time of festivity means torture and death to hundreds of innocent persons. The distinctive feature of Christ- mas, of the great Christian festival, is this, that it proclaims peace and goodwill to all men. Not merely to the members of the family, or the clan, or the nation, but to all men in all climes, and of every country. Even those who refuse to believe in the theological doctrines of Christianity must admire and reverence the noble principle upon which it is based. Peace and goodwill to all men, brotherly love, and doing to others as we would they should do to us, took the place of the old savage decrees of the prophets of the Jews, "Kill and spare not, neither man nor woman, nor child." Christians, indeed, have failed to carry out the great doctrine of the founder of their faith, but who can deny that the lot of man has been made better, and the sum of human happiness increased, by the loving-kindness which breathed through all His teachings more than eighteen hundred years ago. This is the season of kindly intercourse among friends, and it should also be that of charitable remembrance for the poor and the afflicted. Our charitable institutions bear witness to the fact that we have done our duty by them, but we can do a little more at such a season as this to make them participators in its peculiar enjoyments. In wishing a Merry Christmas to all, we may thus do something to make the wish a reality. We are not unconscious that in thus descanting upon the general influences of the season, and endeavoring to catch some of its spirit, we have a more difficult task than usual, and that to many we must be talking against the grain. There ia no deny- ing the fact that Christmas this year comes to us under less cheerful auspices than last year. What with political dissensions and commercial depression, things look gloomy for Victoria at this Christmas of 1878. The Christmas of last year had hardly passed when the lessons of charity and goodwill that had been inculcated were outraged by the Black Wednesday dismissals. Political necessities may have appeared to our rulers to justify the harshness of the action taken, but it was cruel and revolting. It is still more revolting to hear men now calmly talk in terms almost of exultation of a policy which brought undeserved misery and suffering to so many homes. We may depend upon it that heartless conduct will always bear bitter fruit. Indeed the country has already realised that truth, for has it not been suffering too for the past twelve months ? The interests of all are too much bound up together to allow our doing injury to any class with im- punity. If we compare the condition of Victoria this Christmas with that of last year can we honestly say it is in any sense better? Are the people happier or more pros- perous ? Is employment more general, and has property retained its value? Last year we were suffering from a season of drought. We cannot say the same this year, and yet the prospects of the farmer are not im- proved. Public confidence has received a check by the follies and the passions of our rulers, and capital and enterprise are alarmed and paralysed. We are ending the year amidst general gloom and depression, and it will not be surprising if they unfavorably affect the joyousness of our Christmas. But let us be thankful that the causes of the present unsatisfactory state of things rest with ourselves, and are therefore re- movable. We are not suffering from any visitation of Providence, but from man's own perversity. As this is the season for good resolves, let us all join in a determina- tion to sink party squabbles, and study only the good of the country. Let us endeavor to bring back the old Roman days— " When none were for a party, But all were for the State." Let us reverence principles and not worship men. Where we find truth, a high sense of honor, justice, and generosity, let us give our allegiance, but under no circumstances tolerate falsehood, meanness, favoritism and corruption, or heartlessness. In whomsoever these latter are found, let them, no matter to which party they belong, be treated with public contempt. The public mind may for a time, under the stress of strong party feeling, be swung off its balance, but it must soon return to the true standard by which right and wrong are judged. When that time comes it will be better both for the rulers and the ruled. We sincerely trust that the incoming year will witness a wholesome change in our public life, and that all parties will be ashamed of the class animosities, the bicker- ing, and the strife, the violent party feeling, andl the gross outrage upon justice and Christian charity that have characterised the past year. We hope to be able next Christ- mas to welcome the season in becoming terms, and to congratulate the community upon its realising the noble principle it teaches, peace and good will towards men. As we have already intimated, there will be no publication of this journal to- morrow, Box- ing Day. The office will, however, be opened at six o'clock in the evening, and advertise- ments for Friday's issue will be received as usual from that hour. CHRISTMAS EVE.—All the principal streets and thoroughfares of the city were densely crowded last evening, and presented a most lively and animated appearance. The shops in many instances were brilliantly lighted up, and tradespeople generally appeared to be doing a very extensive trade, for their places of business were crowded to a late hour by citizens making their necessary purchases for Christmas Day's festivities. The booksellers', toy, and confec- tioners' shops especially were honored with a most extensive patronage. Happy childhood will have cause to rejoice this morn- ing, when awakening from their innocent and untroubled slumbers to find that some good being—say Santa Claus—has not been unmindful of them at this the merriest and most festive season of the year. The large influx of strangers to the city during the last few days contributed not a little to the crowded state of the streets last night. The main streets remained filled until near midnight, and for two or three hours afterwards the bands paraded the town. At the Shamrock Hotel a very large crowd collected for several hours during the earlier part of the even- ing listening to the sweet and enlivening music discoursed by Northcott's band. From other parts of the city the strains of music could also be heard floating onward in the balmy evening air, though in some instances this music would have been much more appre- ciable had it been more distant and fainter. For instance, the brass band that drove about the city in a cab might have been com- posed of a most conscientious set of men very anxious to do their duty, but their music was decidedly of that description which is to predominate in the future, according to Wagner, and the advertising sheet accompany- ing them a novelty, but also a nuisance. The verandahs of a number of business places were decorated with Chinese lanterns, and hung with green bushes and flowers; indeed, the city and citizens were in a high state of holiday excite- ment and rejoicing, like unto the great carnival times familiar to European communities. INTERRUPTED CABLE. — The Batavia and Singapore cable was interrupted yesterday. A STRAY CHILD.—Last evening, about ten o'clock, Mr. Hanrahan, of the Mechanics' Hotel, M'Crae-street, found a little boy about five years of age crying in front of his hotel. On interrogating the youngster he gave his name as Hitchcock, and said that his father worked at a blacksmith's shop, the owner of which he did not know. The child was dressed in velvet knickerbockers, blucher boots, light tweed jacket, and straw hat, trimmed with blue ribbon. Mr. Hanrahan very kindly took the child in, and made him comfortable for the night. The parents or guardians of the boy can regain him by applying to Mr. Hanrahan. THE SAFETY CAGE TRIALS.—As giving some idea of the severity of the tests to which the safety cages, tried last week at the City of Sandhurst Company's shaft, were subjected, it may be stated that the workmen employed to put the shaft in proper order again were at work three whole days. In one part the centres were forced away for several feet, and portions of the skids had to be repaired. LATE TRAINS.—The railway trains arrived at the local station yesterday in the same irregular haphazard manner that is usually the distin- guishing feature of the management whenever a holiday occurs, or the traffic is anything more than ordinarily heavy. In respect to the night trains the delay was particularly great. The train which left Melbourne at half-past three in the afternoon, and which should have reached Sandhurst at eight o'clock, did not ar- rive until nearly nine, and it was after twelve o'clock when the one which was due shortly after eleven pulled up at the platform. The railway station from eight o'clock last night until the last train arrived was crowded with per- sons awaiting friends whom they expected from various stations on the line, and the delay caused a great amount of inconvenience and annoyance. Amongst the passengers also there were many visitors who had to search for lodg- ings after leaving the station, and as many of the hotels had closed, and several of those open had no accommodation available, these persons were placed in a very awkward predicament. THE WEATHER.—Yesterday was fine, though rather warm, with a pretty strong wind blow- ing from the westward. After dark a cooler breeze set in, and made the night very pleasant. The barometer, however, was very low last night, indicating an impending change. BREACH OF MINES STATUTE.—The case against Mr. John Cock, manager of the Victoria Gold Mines Company, for having committed a breach of rule 10, section 6, of the Regulation of Mines Statute 1877, which has reference to the signalling apparatus to be used in mines, heard at the City Police Court on the 9th inst., and which was adjourned till the 23rd inst., was withdrawn on Monday last. The conditions of the withdrawal were that the regulations should be complied with within two mouths from date, and Mr. Grainger, inspector of mines for this district, desires us to state that after the expiry of that interval, in every instance of non-com- pliance, the manager of the company will be prosecuted with the utmost rigor of the law. DEATH AT THE HOSPITAL.—Wm Lever, aged 66, who was admitted to the above institution on the 13th instant, died at half-past eight o'clock last evening from chronic dysentery. ROBBERY FROM THE PERSON.—The man, Frank Holton, who arrested in Melbourne a week since on the charge of having stolen the sum of £62 from a bushman, named Manning, who had gone to town from Echuca to spend his holidays, was yesterday sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, the charge being proved, and the prisoner being an old offender. MINING ACCIDENTt.—A miner named James Lawry had a narrow escape for his life at the Catherine United Company's mine, Eaglehawk, yesterday. He was engaged at work in the stopes, when a mass of stone fell from above and struck him on the back of tha head, and shoulders, inflicting a severe scalp wound, and some bad bruises on his back. Had the stone fallen directly on the man's back, it would have crushed him, but he fortunately only received its weight in passing. The sufferer was immediately raised to the surface, and conveyed to his residence, where Dr J. J. Thom, who had been sent for, was promptly in attendance, and soon made his patient as comfortable as medical skill could do under the circumstances, and he is now doing well. NIGHT PROWLERS AT EAGLEHAWK. —Petty robberies have of late become very rife at Englehawk. Hotelkeepers have had their cellars broken into, and their contents stolen, in some cases the loss being rather serious. Other depredations of a like character have also been perpetrated, and still the culprits are not dis- covered. On Sunday night the blacksmiths' shops of the King of Prussia, Pascoes' and Hummel's, were broken into and a quantity of mining tools stolon from each, but the candles were underground in the different mine, and they were foiled of their principal booty. Mr. Bogel, landlord of the Lightning Hill Hotel, also had his cellar broken into and a box con- taining four or five pounds of tobacco abstracted therefrom. THE CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS.—The following are the arrangements for the Christmas and New Year's holidays in the Post-office and Telegraph department:—Christmas Day (to-day,) will be observed as Sunday at all post and tele- graph offices. To-morrow, all post and tele- graph offices will be open from 9 to 10 a.m.; the first delivery only by letter-carrier will be effected; mails will be received and despatched as usual; telegraph offices will be open from 8.30 a.m. till 10 a.m., and from 6 p.m. till 7 p.m. New Year's Day, Wednesday, 1st January, 1879, all post and telegraph offices will be open from 9 to 10 a.m.; the first delivery only by letter carrier will be effected; mails will be received and despatched as usual; telegraph offices will be open from 8.30 a.m. till 10 a.m,, and from 6 p.m. till 7 p.m. ANOTHER SNAKE ADVENTURE.—A large brown snake was killed on Monday morning, at Emu Creek, by Mr. Wm. Drechsler. It appears that he was loading his wagon with firewood, and wanting some saplings to fix on the load he sent two of his daughters for them. They had not gone far before the youngest came running back in a fright saying that a snake was following her. The other daughter, being left alone, attacked the snake by throwing stones at it, and by the aid of a small dog was able to keep the snake from biting her. Mr. Drechsler obtained a stout stick and promply despatched the reptile. It measured 4 feet 5 inches, and was yesterday to be seen at the shop of Mr. G. M. Dorman, chemist, View Point. LODDON VALLEY RAILWAY LEAGUE.—The statement of the receipts and expenditure in connection with the Loddon Valley League from the 23rd May to the 1st December, 1878, is published in our advertising columns. MONTHLY YIELD OF GOLD.—The amount of gold purchased by the various banks during the month of November, as furnished by the sub- treasury, is 13,970ozs., as against 15,377ozs. pur- chased in the month of October. HOSPITAL SUNDAY COLLECTIONS.—A cheque for £286 16s. 4d was yesterday handed over by Mr. J. H. Abbott, secretary to the Hospital Sunday committee, to Mr. M. Tolmie, hon. treasurer of the Benevolent Asylum, as the institution's share of the proceeds of the Hospi- tal Sunday collections of the present year. The hon. treasurer of the hospital received a cheque for £316 17s. 6d. from the same source, the dif- ference in the amounts apportioned to the two institutions being explained by the circum- stance that in some of the churches the collec- tions were made for the exclusive benefit of the hospital. Formal acknowledgments of the receipt of these welcome contributions are made this morning. QUARRY HILL STATE SCHOOL.—On the occa- sion of the breaking up of the Quarry Hill State School for the Christmas holidays on Fri- day afternoon last, the head teacher, Mr. Wat- kins, was presented by the scholars and teachers of No. 2 room, with a handsomely-bound volume of " Plutarch's Lives,'' as a mark of the respect and esteem in which he is held by them. A gift of a silver thimble was presented to each of the girls attending the school who had secured a certain number of marks for sewing, and some useful books were also presented to those scholars who had distinguished themselves by their proficiency in the ordinary work of the school. OUR VINEYARDS.—The vineyards in the sur- rounding districts of Sandhurst are in a very flourishing condition this year, and give pro- mise of an excellent crop. There is, however, a comparative failure this year in the product of the orchard. VISITORS.—The city yesterday presented a most animated and busy aspect, and was crowded with visitors, large numbers of whom arrived during the day by train from Inglewood, Echuca, Castlemaine, and neighboring dis- tricts. ROBBING GARDENS.—We have heard numer- ous complaints during the present fruit season of depredations committed in various parts of the district by garden- robbers. It is a pity that one or more of the mean persons who en- gage in this petty thieving cannot be caught and made an example of. An instance has been brought under our notice where, in order that some thievish rascal might make the paltry gain of a few pounds of fruit, a valuable watch- dog, which was stationed in the garden, was poisoned. This incident happened in Don- street, but almost similar tales come to us from various other localities in the district. THE LATE MR. G. S. COX. — Respecting the death of this gentleman, which, as was reported in our issue of yesterday, occurred on Monday night, our Melbourne correspondent writes:— Amongst those who were acquainted with Mr. G. S. Cox, the Sandhurst solicitor, the news of his sudden death was received with general regret. It is but a very few days since the de- ceased gentleman was in Melbourne, looking as well as usual. DONATIONS.—The hon. treasurer of the Ben- digo Benevolent Asylum (Mr. M. Tolmie) National Bank), with thanks acknowledges receipt of the undermentioned contributions in aid of the funds of the institute:—From Mr. J. H. Abbott, J.P., £286 16s. 4d., being the asylum's proportion of the amount collected on Hospital Sunday. £5 from Bendigo Lodge, O.S. A, S.C.; £3 3s from Central Catherine Company, Eaglehawk, per Mr. Morris Samuel; £1 1s. from Mr. J. H. Wharton; £1 1s. from Mr. Robert Burrowes, Myrtle-street; £1 1s. from Mr. Geo. E. Thomson, Albion Chambers: and £1 1s. from Mr. F. A. Gromann, View Point. The superintendent further desires to acknowledge receipt of three cases of fruit from Rev. Owen Davy, St. Kilian's Presbytery; a parcel of clothes from Mr. John Robertson, and a parcel of periodicals from Miss Finn; a sheep, a lamb, and a quantity of beef from anonymous donors for the inmates. The hon, collector of the hospital (Mr. Hawkins) acknowledges the receipt of the following contributions:—Mr. Wm. Bent, £1; Mr. H. N. Fick, £2; Messrs. Dillon and Fick, £2 2s.; cash, 2s. 6d.; Mr. W. W. Barker, £1 1s.; Mr. D. Grant, £1; Mr. Le Boase, £1 1s.; Mr. Charles Ross, £1 1s.; Mr. James Inglis, £1; Mr. J. Stewart £1 1s. The hon. treasurer of the Bendigo Hos- pital (Mr. R. F. Howard, Savings Bank) begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of the following donations in aid of the main- tenance fund of the institution:—Hospital Sunday Committee, per Mr. J. H. Abbott, £316 17s. 6d.; Catherine Reef United Com- pany, per Mr. Thos. Eyre, £10; Central Catherine Company, per Mr. Thos. Eyre, £5 5s ; St. Andrew's Society (Bendigo Lodge) per Mr. W. S. Watson, £5: collected at Serpentine licensing meeting, per Mr. W. H. Coffey, C.P.S., £1 14s. 6d.; Mr. Jonathan Wharton, £1 1s.; Mr. F. A. Gromann, £1 1s. ALMANACS.—We acknowledge receipt of neatly got up cardboard almanacs from the agents of the London and Lancashire and the South British Insurance Companies. STRATHFIELDSAYE BOARD OF ADVICE. — A meeting of this board was held at State School No. 1,211 on the 18th December. There were present—Messrs. Somerville (chairman), Bruhn, Fox, and Rundell (correspondent). Several unimportant letters having been read and re- ceived, Mr. Bruhn asked the chairman if the rumor that an investigation had been held by the inspector of schools respecting a charge against the head teacher had any foundation. The chairman said it was true, and it was resolved to send for the teacher, who stated with regard to the charge named, that he had made a girl kneel on the floor as a punishment for misconduct; he did not deny it; but as other charges were gone into of which he had not received notice, he r-e quested the board of advice to ask the Minister to have the investigation reopened, and the evidence taken on oath. It was considered by the board most extraordinary conduct on the part of the department to hold an investigation of that sort without intimating the fact to them. The correspondent was instructed to write to the Minister requesting him to have the in- vestigation re-opened, and the meeting then ad- journed. THUREAU TESTIMONIAL FUND.—A meeting of the committee of the above, called for half-past 7 o'clock last evening, for the purpose of re- ceiving subscription lists, and considering an important letter from the Mining Department, lapsed for want of a quorum. EAGLEHAWK POLICE COURT.—There was a clean sheet at this court yesterday. KEROSENE EXPLOSION.—The lad A. George, aged 8 years, who, as we reported a day or two back, was injured through a kerosene explosion at Echuca, was brought down from that place yesterday, and admitted to the Bendigo Hospital. He is suffering from severe burns on both of his arms, caused by his clothes catching fire. The lad was pouring some kerosene on a smoulder- ing fire, when an explosion took place, through which his clothiug became ignited as well as the house. The latter, however, was not greatly damaged. RELIGIOUS SERVICE.—In the German Lutheran Church this morning, at ten o'clock, a special Christmas service will be conducted by the Rev. Mr. Leypoldt. SKETCHING CLUB EXCURSION.—The next excursion of the Sandhurst Sketching Club will, we understand, take place on Friday next, when Harcourt will be visited, and Mount Alexander sketched. The party will start by the early train, with provisions. Members of the club and others who may intend joining the party should send their names to the registrar of the School of Mines not later than to-morrow afternoon. RAILWAY ACCIDENT.—Mr. Morrison, Mayor of Chewton, who was returning from Melbourne, by the goods train which left there about two o'clock on Saturday morning, jumped off the train whilst it was in motion at Chewton, and sustained some nasty bruises. The Represen- tative states that Mr. Morrison had been to the embassy banquet on Friday evening. Mrs. Emily Malhoff and two of her children were drowned in a dam at Rokewood Junction, on Friday. AN INDIAN GHOST.—" Whilst I was reading at Moulmein," says General Fytche in his recent work on Burmah, "I saw a ghost with mine own eyes in broad daylight, of which I could make an affidavit, I had an old school- fellow who was afterwards a college friend, with whom I had lived in the closest intimacy. Years, however, had passed away, without our seeing each other. One morning I had just got out of bed and was dressing myself, when sud- denly my old friend entered the room. I greeted him warmly, told him to call for a cup of tea in the verandah, and promised to go with him immediately. I dressed myself in all haste and went out into the verandah, but found no one there. I could not believe my eyes. I called to the sentry, who was posted at the front of the house, but he had seen no strange gentleman that morning. The servants also declared that no such person had entered the house. I was certain I seen my friend. I was not thinking about him at the time; yet I was not taken by surprise, as steamers and other vessels are frequently arriving at Moulmein. A fortnight afterwards news arrived that he had died, six hundred miles off, about tha very time I saw him at Moulmein. It is useless to com- ment upon this story. To this day I have never doubted that I really saw the ghost of my deceased friend." THE TEMPERANCE CAUSE.—It is just within the range of probability states the Southern Cross that the colony may be favored with a visit from that famous temperance orator and advocate, John B. Gough. The terms on which he would come are such that there ought not to be any difficulty in arranging the matter. The gain to the colony from such a visit would be unspeakable. Confessedly Mr. Gough is pre- eminently in his own line. For pathos and illustrative power he is far ahead of any other public speaker. 