OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT J | > BOOLONG. I ' : / He jests at scars mho never felt a wound — ROMJBO. f Onh of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, J was when he made his first and only appearance as |an I \ actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at'his / \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad ( conceived tliat he was born to be an actor— to tread the r boards like the a-reat Garrick and the elder Kean — but it ) was, foolish notion, soon knocked oat of his head after his ) peculiar debut. O11 finding the Melbourne and Sydney y managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" ( at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the ( bull by the horns" and get up a company of bis own down ) at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense ) in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having y scenery painted — lor Banbury was determined to do the \ thing well and in tip-top »tyle. Hs , got together a kind ( of scratch company, many oE them like himself, raw am- / bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two seely outcasts of the profession; . y and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, y " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, Y not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ; ) month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perEect in their y words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of ( them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the King likewise ; Ophelia , an amateur, y burst into a nervous fib of tears before she said a dozen ( lines. Banbury was roared at by ttm local personages who . ) assembled to assist at the. amateur peifformance. But this ' \ was not the worst/for Banbury found that when the bills / came in the cxpense;was twice as large as he had expected, , y and he could not meet them. " The fellows," be used to say, \ " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because 7 they knew-: that my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- . y ist,' would pay tbem, but I knew' very well be would do no ( such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- ( pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it y was the theatre." - What was he to do ? His uncle would X disinherit him, turiihim out of the house he had furnished / for him, and send, him adrift on the world. What was he y to -do ? , His creditors would not wait and he would be a . ( miserable pauper. But : for all this he did .not lose his 7 house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his y name, thanks to the. tiinely, aid of- one who 'is ayfriend to I ( the drmnaas well as to;the rest of the world, who advanced r 7 him the needful. ;;; Need we say his name. No ; all know y him! But we may as well remark it "was. the ehanvpion \ f the distressed-, - . --7 - . V DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, -) Who has from',£5 to £10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills . . of sale (wit, li or without security), salary orders, life ( policies, certificates, deeds, bill of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise,- on' expected remittances, : or ' on moneys per- „ ' \ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to, suit the convenience of borrowers. - y Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and y moid gages from 6 per cent. 