[?] APOSTOLICAL SUCCESSORS. ; f To the Editors of the Protestant Standard.) ; Sirs,-— Shortly after Cardinal Howard had received his red hat he said mass, and in the chapel, in the most conspicuous place you may rest assured, he had his armorial bearings hung hp, that all who entered might see them. This Anostolical successor must nave forhotten. that is, if he ever knew, what St. John said — " The lust of the flesh; the lust of the eyes, and the pride of 'life is not of' the Father, but is of the world" (1' John ii. 16). Rome, ivitli the wisdom of the serpent, had a purpose in allow- ing,this-priest"t6"h'ahg up his baubles for ex hibition in this way, for they attracted, we do ! not doubt, more people to the chapel than the Lord Jesus Christ. This great worldly system of pomp and vanity, daily practising every con ceivable fraud, is not likely to be blinded to the attractions and influence of worldly rank ; and so, for this purpose, had this gentleman's coat of arms hung up in the chapel. How, opposed all this parade of man, proud man, is to the teachings of 'God; the Holy Ghost, who especially warns the Christian not to be attracted by honey nor defiled by leaven. ' One shudders when reading the list in Revelation xviii., at the head of which we find "gold and silver," and at the bottom— reader, take notice —"the souls of men." May the good Lord deliver his people from- the .carnal and unholy system. . When the two ends of the supposed'Apostolic chain are .examined what a difference.. That mighty man of God, St. Paul in Fhilippians iii. hangs up his armorial bearings that the whole world might see' them ; but then, he tells us what he . thinks of them, and in very plain language too, that there may be no mistake about it. Paul's armorial bearings are " Of the stock of Israel, tribe of Benjamin, Hebrew of .the Hebrews, . touching the law a Pharisee." He then adds a word which a child would admit condemns the conduct of the supposed Apostolical successors Howard and Vaughan who also makes a parade of these things— dung, that is the word and no other, as any person can see for themselves by just looking at the chapter-—" Count them but dung," he said, and such was his estimate of his armorial bearings. , " Dung is a word that we do; not care to use in ; .polite society, ..'and. "dung" is an article that we do not care to see about our houses. Now, if Cardinal Howard was a real Apos tolical successor , lie would have had written this word . " filing " ; over his armorial bearings when they, were hung iip in the chapel .while he , was saying mass ; and if this "same learned Theban " in Sydney was another, he would have the same .word written over his. We especially direct his attention to this. , : The ' " only .. Apostolical successors , that we know anything of are those ; mentioned by St. Paul when lie was taking, his-f leave of the Ephesians— " grievous wolves " he calls them — see Acts xx. 29. . These gentlemen— Howard and Vauglian — claim to be Apostolical successors, then they must be tfiei grievous wolves " — we can't come to any other .conclusion. .Have not eighteen centuries; proved the, correctness of the. character given by St. Paul to his successors ? If you will but observe, - St. Paul does not com mend the Christian to his -successors the " grievous wolves,'! but VI commend you to God and the Word of His Grace," our Holy Bible. . '.' Meditate on : these .things," "my doctrine ". as. St. Paul said to his dear, boy - . . TIMOTHY. 