WPP— MP— — — 6EWEBAL HEWS. The want of water in Melbourne was seriously tl't on Tuesday, and had it not been for toe wise precautions taken by the Mayor of the City and the mayors and officials of the suburban . . municipalities, great distress would have been occasioned oy toe stoppage or cue xan xean .... supply. The loss .of the morning bathto the cleanly was a serious inconvenience, but it was tho poorer classes generally that suffered most. Their wants had to be supplied almost entirely by tiro watercarts. which were sent through the city and suburbs, and toe water thus dispensed was not of the imsc wholesome character, having ; been drawn cnufly from the Yarra. By many, : however, it was gladly accepted. All parts of the eity and suburbs were traversed by carts hatting large iron tanks, on which were written in chalk, Water gratis." A complete famine wasin this was prevented. The water tank on too Eastern Hill was well patronised all day, and in the evening most of the water stored m it had been exhausted. The Prest m reservoir was emptied of the deposit of mud in it, aud thoroughly cleansed o'clock ou Thursday morning. Daring the day too water was turned into it, and by oos it was again filled. It stores be- , twos n 15fOOO,OOOgaL and 16,000,000gal. A ! hoard of inquiry has been appointed to discover the cause of the late accident, and te devise . mounros to prevent the possibility of a similar on.. .ii ;I_ wofwuKj ut mitiuc. iuc xvuuwiBg geauemen hate been nominated as members of the board by tob Commissioner of Public Works : — Mr. Blsdon, engineer of the H. B. Railway Company; Mr.' A- N. Smith, M.L.A.; Mr. Nimmo, ML. A. (chairman); Mr. Langridge, M.LA., and Mr. Tucker, M.L A. Mr. Elsdon's acting depends ou bis obtaining the consent of the directors of the H. B. Railway Company. Messrs. Phillips, M'Walter, and Chambers, proprietors of the Victoria Foundry, near Eliza- beth street north, have just completed the erection of a handsome two-story building, intending 80ft. along Victoria street, and form- ing a considerable addition to their already extenrive premises, as well as a great improve- ment to that portion of the city. In as extensive a foundry as this is, there is always a large accumulation of patterns of a valuable and scarce nature, and extra precaution has to be adopted to ensure their safety, as they may be called into use at any moment. With this necessity in view, the firm have fitted up the lower flat for the storage of patterns and models, and on looking round one is struck with the assortment and variety in stock. The upper flat of the new building is used as a show and sales room, where every description of casting is displayed. The processes of moulding and pouring the liqnid metal are very interesting, and would repay a visit to anyone who is not conversant with this branch of mechanical art. A pleasing memento of the old country has last been received, ex Chimborazo, by Mr. J. Fitzgerald, of Fitzgerald Brothers, Bridge street (says the BaUarcU Courier), in the shape of a box of live shamrock, packed in beautiful mws from the Hill of Tara, county Meath, Ire- land. ' The shamrocks are in a splendid state of preservation, considering the long time since they were gathered. Sjme few days ago a lad named Thomas George Mason was accidentally killed in Errol Street, Hotham, throngh being thrown off a pony under the wheels of a passing omnibus, in consequence of the animal becoming frightened ut a couple of dogs which rushed out and attacked him At an inquest held upon the body of deceased a verdict of accidental death Was returned by the jury, who acquitted the driver of the om flbus of blame in the mutter, but who added a rider to their verdict, calling tbe attention of the Hotham Town Council te toe fact that ownerless dogs were allowed to run about the district, to tbe danger of life. The coroner, Mr. Candler, in pursuance of this ex pression from the jury, forwarded a copy of the verdict to the council, aud the communication same before the usual fortnightly meeting of .that body, which was held last night. It was resolved to direct the attention of the local inspector of nuisances to the matter, with a view ef guarding against similar accidents. The following is the Government astronomer's weekly report : — "The weather during the early part of last week was fine and pleasant, wito very heavy dew in the nights, bnt on the 'morning of the 13th a hot wind set in, and ecame very oppressive until during the after- £pop' tbe wind shifted to S.W., blowing fresh sad cool and raising copds oX dust ; it soon died off again and remained sultry, when towards toe evening of the 14th light rain set in, fol lowed on the morning of the 15th by a steady and heavy rain, which lasted, almost without intermission, until the morning of the 16th, causing great floods ail round Melbourne. The highest temperature in the shade, 96 8 leg., was recorded on the afternoon of the loU, sne iowesc, ojl iueg., ou eariy morn ing of the 11th. The highest reading of the barometer, 30 020in. , oceurred on the morning ef the 10th, with a light south-westerly breeze ; the lowest, 29 5S3in., on the evening of the 15th, daring a calm and with heavy rain ahqwgrs. Rain fell to the amount of 3 SSin., muring the 'total rainfall suice the beginning of the year 8 66in., as compared with 5'92in. during the same period in 1877, or an average of 4 33in. for the past twenty years." At about half-past 4 o'clock on Sunday morn- In/, a fire broke out in premises occupied by Mr. P. O'Connor, boot and shoe maker, situate at No. 143 Flinders street we3t. O'Connor had stayed up until midnight shifting & quantity of Nothing aad a great portion ef his stock upon the counter, to escape the flood which had then Stored the premises. His nephew, who was tepiug upstairs, some time Afterwards was wakened by the smell of smoke, and at once roused O'Connor aud his family, all of whom suooeeded in making their escape from the premises. The Metropolitan Brigade quickly attended on the scene, and after experiencing some difficulty iu finding the fire-plug, in con sequence of the street being submerged with water, succeeded in extinguishing the flames. The shop was, however, completely gutted, aud the upstairs portion of the building consider ably damaged. The Btock contained on the premises was insured to the extent of £900 in toe Australian Alliance Company, and the building to the extent of £400 in the National Insurance Company. , c.4. .-o Mr. B. G. Da vies brought under the notice of toe lii nib tar o5 Public Instruction, at the Education Department, Thursday, what appears most peculiar and incredible example o: pgteetG the part of tbe department Be stated that a State school was a long time ago erected at Hope Creek, at a cost of £509, aac , that it had been standing empty ever since it was finished, ne teacher ever having been appointed to it, though there were a large number of children in the neighbourhood. Major Smith exprrosed great surprise at the statement, and promised to appoint teachers at once, so that the school might be opened. A report on the claims preferred by Mr. John Hamilton, a State school teacher at Elmore, on behalf of himself and wife, has been furnished to the Minister of Public Instruction by the board of inquiry appointed to deal with the cases. Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton were engaged in 1871 72, in the common school at Kangaroo Fiat, but in consequence of the illness of the female teacher, she was removed, and for two years subsequent she remained unemployed. For this dismissal Mr. Hamilton claimed £240; and he also claimed a further sum of £500, for what he considered the illegal dismissal of him- self in 1872. The local committee were shown to have acted harshly and unfairly in the matter, but the board decided that Mr. Hamilton had failed to substantiate either claim against the department, and recommended accordingly. The Minister has adopted the finding of the board. The following tenders were accepted pro visionally at the Public Works office on Taursday : — Purchase of toe steamer Bendigr, lying in Saltwater River, James Deane and Co., £405; embankment, etc., Box'b Hrirlup Wrmd's Point road. William War- # ring, £106 10j. ; new police station, Carlton, Wna. Smith, £2,191 17s. ; approach road to powder magazine, Saltwater River, Wm. aiith, £477 17s. ; forming approach road to industrial schools, Royal Park, P. S. Sinclair, £106 15s. 3d. ; fittings, etc., for Education De partment, new Public Offices, Melbourne, J"ame9 N. Ball, £50 5 3s. Sd. ; repairs, etc., post and telegraph office, Sandridge, M. O'Meara, £107 os. ; purchase and removal of old build ing, next to General Post Office, Farq. M Donald, £101. A param aph appeared in a contemporary on Tuts-, -v 1 a dt stating that Lady Bewen had visited the mad ateamer with the intention of securing accommodation for the voyage to Europe. Not withstanding the fact that there was no justifi cation for such an important statement, the same journal cn Thursday printed a paragra. h which implied that Lady Bowen had intended leaving by the mail, but that, owing to the crisis, her ladyship had abandoned her inten tion. We are enabled to state, on the most iirect information, that the statement is wholly without foundation, and inexplicable to the vice regal family. We may, for the informa tion of our readers, say what, under other cir cumstances, would perhaps be an impertinence, v.z., that on Tnesday last, at the invitation of Captain Hector, Lady Bowen visited the U. M.S. Siam, and had lanch on board. It will L>e remembered that Captain Heetor com manded the steamer in which Lady Bowen and her family returned to the colony from their visit to Europe. The resident medical officer of toe Melbourne Benevolent Asylum reported, at the usual weekly meeting of the committee of manage ment, he d Thursday afternoon, that there weie 235 inmates under medical treatment, 185 tf whom were in the hospital attached to the in stitution, One death had occurred daring toe week, mat of George Garrad, a native of Rochester, England, who died on the 21st inst, " from serous apoplexy, at the age of sixty years. The state of the house was as follows : — Men, 416 ; women, 212 ; total, 628. Vacancies for two men and two women. At the City Conrt on Thnrsday, a messenger in the Master- in- Equity's office, named Frederick Bridges, was charged with stealing a letter con taining three £1 notes, addressed to Robert Allan, chief clerk in the office. The chief evi dence against the prisoner was that of Detective Lomax, and from his statement it appeared that the prisoner had been suspected of stealing letters frem the office. In order to test his hoDesty, therefore, a letter addresssed to Mr. Alian was posted, and delivered by the letter- carrier en the morning of the 16 ;h inst. De tectives Lcmax and Lovie were on the watch, and they saw the prisoner enter the office as usual. They allowed some time to elapse, when they suddenly entered the office, and de sired the prisoner to go with them into Mr. Allan's office. Mr. Allan eaid he had not r ceived the letter, which had been marked with a Sandhurst postmark, and the prisoner was asked if he had got it. He replied in the negative, anS appeared very nervous. Detective Lomax told hipa. that it was a letter sent to test his honesty, and after some little hesitation, the prisoner produced the letter out of his trousers pocket. Mr, Taylor deposed that while acting for Mr. Allan some time ago, he told the prisoner that some letters had been missed from the office, and he, therefore, advised him to be very careful with all letters sent to t e office. The nrisoner was committed for -rial, bail being fixed in two sureties of £100 eac i. Two larrikins named John Holmes and Alfred Steadman, aged sixteen and seventeen years respectively, were arrested on Thursday by De- teetiveB Gonsidine and Edelsten, on two eh&rges; of housebreaking. The first offence is alleged to have been committed at the house of Sarah Jane Ritchie, on the 18th inst,, and the second at the house of John M'Bain, on the 19 th inst. The prisoners, it is alleged, are members of a gang of eight young ruffians, who have recently committed a number of burglaries in the city. Three members of this gang were arrested a few days ago in Melbourne, a fourth has been arrested at Prahran, and a fifth at Ballarat, so that there is only one more member of tbe gang at large, The re- opening of the Richmond Town-hall was celebrated Thursday night by a subscription ball. The hall has been handsomely painted and decorated by Mr, S. H. Roberts, of Swanston street. The ceiling is constructed in square compartments, and is ornamented in Etruscan red aud green on a pale blue ground, the framing being in orean and gold, and th8 pendents also gilded. The prevailing tints of the walls and oorners are two shades of buff for the flat portion of walls, white for the p 1 isters, with ornament in dark green and vermilion. The cornices are tinted buff, pink, and white, and ihe facias richly ornaineutf d in a darker colour, and on the lower facia the arms of the town of Riohmoud are painted ou each side ef the room. The lower pSrt ol the walls is panelled with lines, and the corners coloured with Indian red and ultramarine on a dark buff ground, the whole presenting a most cheerful appeal ance L when lighted up At the baU there wuro shout 150 couples, and dancing was kept up with great spirit till an early hour in the morning. On Saturday last (says the Hamilton Spec tator) Mr. M'Gilvray, a farmer, went to look for horses in a paddock owned by Mr. John M'Millan, at Mnrndal, and on coming up to mi unoccupied hut, saw what he took to be a man inside. He called cat to the supposed indivi dual several times, but on receiving no answer, made a closer examination, and faund the figure to be that of a corpse, swinging to a cress beam, an upturned stool showing how the unfortunate fellow had succeeded' in swinging himself into eternity. From documents fonnd in the pocket of the deceased, it would appear that he was named William Kos&on;, and on 3rd Jnly, 1876, was discharged from toe Kew Lunatic Asylum. The deceased was last seen alive on Thursday by a boy named Edward Hoskin, at the Mnrndal State school yard. The Goulburn Herald gives the following ghost- story : — " Lately there has been some excitement amongst the superstitious, numbers of whom go off in parties, with gnns, etc., to the range above Stewart's garden, where there is an unfinished stone house. Here an apparition is eaid to make its appearance in the form of a light, and to travel, sometimes very slowly, and frequently very quickly, from the river bank just below, up to, and aroand the house, then varying the performance by a run among toe trees. This is said to be kept up from an early hour in the evening until about 3 in the morning. Ail endeavours to get near the light are said to prove futile. On Monday evening a number of persons visited the vicinity, and a group congregated en Church Hill to view the light, which it is said was plainly visible, though the distance is considerable. The resi dents of the Old Township and near the range are satisfied that there is no practical joke about the affair." A New York paper, the Irish World, which aims at representing the working classes among its readers mere especially, makes the following remarks on the subject of a Government issue of paper money : — " What of the national banking system ? The National Banking system is an outrageous swindle, which, in addition to its exaction of the legal rate of interest from the people throngh the national Government, actually influenced the Government to permit it to duplicate its money, and cn the loan of those very duplicates, which, by Government sanctios, pass current as if absolute money, charge the people a double rate of interest J . , This sort of 'capital' is not the earnings of libour, and it is upon it — this fraudulent capital — that you, working-men, should make war, but do not. You will assail your employers ; you will butt your head against labour- power capital ; but against this money-power capital — this slave power that is robbing and crushing you and. your employers — you do not raise a hand. Fortified in its invisibility, the money-power looks down with folded arms from its invulnerable ramparts, and smiles at your ignorance and imbecility !" 