There and Back. BY LIGHTNING. Whether the study of spiritist literature is remunerative in any way at all, is a ques- 1 tion with most people ; in fact, nine out of ) ten would dignify the subject with the title i of " rot"—transcendent " rot." ! Well, Mr. Editor, I have just attempted, to pick up a shell or two on the shore of what I the advocates of the spiritual philosophy would regard as the genuine ocean of truth, risking the consequences of running my head against the verdict of Orthodoxy. It is not that I am converted to that system—far from it: the li manifestations" and " messages" and evidences" are not enough for me. And why are they not enough for me? Simply because thev are too mveJi for me, that is all. Anyway, falling in with Hugh J. Browne's book (or compilation, as he admits it is) on the subject of Spiritism, which he publishes under the name of "The Holy Truth, or the Coming Reformation." I thought I would take two or three " notes by the way" in reading it. ( The great Goethe says, Es ist immcr gut j etivas zu misscn, which I believe means that *t is always well to know something, even though it may be out of the ordinary track of knowledge. To the philosophic information, whether on polygamy or ou the art of drying fruit, are always welcome. (Pardon this egotism: ah ! had we an esoteric school in Moonta, what secrets might we not tell each other!) Well, I found in Mr. Browne's book pretty much what I expected—mainly an out and out denunciation of the generally accepted christian doctrine, and a setting up of the new teaching as the only corrcct thing, and the grand panacea for all the confusion and misery in the world. No Triuity, no garden of 3den, or fall of man; neither inspiration, atonement, hell, nor devil. What then 1 A kind of Pantheism ; a providence in which the spirits of departed friends are the chief agents ^ a dash of Darwinianism, universal restoration, and eternal progression,—all on a broad base of vaunted rationalism. In nearly every " notion," especially in " Yankee notions," there is one particular side or aspect of the matter that is held out to view more than all the rest of the thing together. Spiritist teaching is no exception to the rule. It is all ghosts. Mr. Browne does not refer to bis position as that of a " believer" but of one who absolutely knows just as he knows he has taken his breakfast. Well, it is just a little curious to denounce all religions as consisting chiefly in superstition, and then adopt the spiritual philosophy, with its ghosts and table rappings, ball of fire, and communications from the spheres 1 Many of the spiritist phenomena are certainly remarkable; but there has been so much downright imposture and humbug that one does not know, when truth happens to come to the surface, that it is there at all. Men are so clever now-a-days that they can deceive the very senses; and next week some smart fellow will prove to me that what. I saw to-day with my own eyes was nothing but an illusion, and that I have been generously " taken in and done for." The spiritists say that everything must be estimated by its results; and I think their teaching may be safely left to bide this test. For goodness sake don't imagine that I am attempting to present a Teview of the book. That is out of the question. The author's daughter, a clever medium, is said to have received a message from a Celestial (Chinese) spirit in writine, which was rather indistinct, even as Chinese, but it was mentioned that the spirit was trying his hand for the first time, and would improve ! So you see a vein of humor is unconsciously allowed to appear now and then. Shakespeare sends a communication through a man of the familiar name of Robinson, and makes use of an expression of Burns' which seems to show that spirits have access to the literature of a later age thnn their own when in the flesh. Some of the messages have the smell of fresh earth on them, and are apt to make one who is still in the body a little sceptical. But one <if the richest things over beaTd tell of, is that in Andrew Jackson Davis's book, where a drawing is inven of the spirit leaving the body, as actually witnessed by a clairvoyant. Mr. Brown himself had a clairvoyant friend whii was privileged in the same way. The spirit of a young lady left her in the shape of a ball of yellow smoke, which gradually increased in size, ar.d took on the form of her body during the two hours and a-half which were occupied in the exit! The place of escape is said to have been the forehead ! Mr. Brown is so enthusiastic in declaring the accuracy of many such phenomena, that I would really not lightly jest over them if I could help it. But it is a tremendous tax on the credulity of a " Gentile," and that gentleman must try and bear with me if I indulge in a private sniggle. There must be a streak of truth at the bottom of Spiritualism, but far from sufficient to justify Its being styled the " Holy Truth," to the exclusion and damnation of every other religion under the sun. There is a doctrine of impressions made by means of magnetic agency, and there is the fact of a spirit-world very close by, which to my thinking present the truth of the matter ; but on this basis the advocates of spiritism have been raising the superstructure too hurriedly, and it is no surprise that often a mass of it comes down by the run. An exposure has recently been made in the case of a medium named Jennings. He was accredited by the leading spiritist organs as genuine ; but has been trapped in the act of biding white and red gauze and a small French harp inside his nether garment, with which articles he bad done the cabinet trick to perfection. The spiritist system is extremely destructive of all previous faiths, and assumes great things in the way of reconstruction, so much so, that most people scent the rat (or skunk) of humbug, and just " bide a wee" before subscribing to the new philosophy. It ought to be stated that according to the mediums there are rascals in the spheres— rascals in process of reformation 1 Their claws are cut, and I suppose their teeth drawn, but their will is good ! Eternal progression 1 Ah, magnificent idea, when not misunderstood I Illiterate people, who know nothing of the mysteries of the circle, are described ^s looking for a heaven in which they will sing and crow as a kind of celestial poultry. I thought to myself " Well this is just a Ir.etle bit of a libel on us Gentiles," although I don't forget that some of us are in the habit of indulging curious freaks of fancy as to the spirit-world, chiefly in the direction of feathers and tinsel. Could not a circle be formed here ? The answer is " No. unless you are all devout, a-! the spirits don't allow you to experiment on them or play jokes." Exactly, they reserve those privileges to themselves. 