NEWS OF THE DAY. A THIRD EDITION of Tun Herald, with the details of the cricket matches, and the latest about the Kellys, will be published this evening. Should the gang be encountered by the police, or commit any fresh depreda tions, a HERALD EXTRAORDINARY will be issued to-morrow. From a telegram from our special corres pondent in another column, it will bo seen that friends and associates of the Kellys openly boast that the gang will snare a party of police, and hold them as hostages, offering to deliver them up and leave the colony if granted a free pardon; and threaten, if refused, to blow the brains out of the captives and to continue their mur derous career. It is difficult to bcliove that the notion is anything more than mere bravado, and .bounce, but the cool manner in which tho murderers stuck up the Euroa Bank, and the' Bkill thoy display in obliterating their tracks and eluding the police show that they aro not deficient in organising power or skill in carrying onto desperate project. Tho local garrison corps aro to leave Mel bourne at once, to guard the various townships in the bushranging district. Tho banquet to tho Hon. Graham Berry and Professor Pearson, prior to their departure for England, will be held at the Town Hall o:i Friday evening next at 8 o'clock. The ticket i have been fixed at half-a-guinea, and this jprico will include the railway fare of country visitors. It is fully nnticpnted that there will be a very largo attendance fo that early application for tickets should be made to the committee, which will meet at the Town Hall on Monday next at 11 o'clock. Tickets for the balcony will be issued free with tho banquet tickets for ladies,, for whom fiuit wll be provided during the evening. As the number of these ladies' tickets is ne cessarily limited, they will accompany the first issue only. While Constable Moylan was on duty yesterday morning at the Parliament Houses, two little boys handed him two pound notes, whioh they said they had picked up in the water channel in Victoria Parade. At the time tho constable forgot to take the names of the lads who had behaved so honestly, and simply reported the matter to his superior officer. Now, difficulty is experienced ! in finding the owner of the two pounds found by the lads, and as a natural consequence, tbe money must 1 be handed back to tho boys who found it, and should they call, at Russell street barracks they will receive the sum as a reward for their honesty. An unfortunate little girl, named Alice Troy, aged about nine years, was brought before the City Bench to-day as being a neglected child and found sleeping in the Treasury Gardens last night. The poor girl's story was a sad one. Her father was a drunk ard, and drove her from home, while her mother was leading an immoral life, and to carry out her evil designs, sent her little daughter out of house and homo to find shelter as best she could. Tho girl, in answer to the queries of the magistrates, said that her father was a horse-breaker and had been Sir Francis Murphy's coachmnn, but drink had driven him to neglect Ills little daughter. The bench considered that the father ought to be brought before them, and remanded tho iittle girl for three days, to enable the police to find out his whereabouts. The manner in which the criminal class is recruited came under the notice of the City magistrates to-day, when a little boy named John Jackson was charged with stealing a brace-bit. Detective Hayes, who had charge of the case,. .... asked for a remand till Tuesday, to enable him to get up more evidence, as ho recognised in tho young culprit the offender in many cases of larceny. Jackson is only eight years of age, and the fact that, at such an early age he has baffled the experience of the deteotivos, proves that ho possesses extraordinary qualifications for thieving, and if not stopped early in his career may turn out to bo one of the greatest thieves in Melbourne, A man named James Cook, who was trying the wheel of fortune at the cricket ground yes- ' terday, to fleece some unfortunate simpleton:of his money, waa opportunely arrested by con stables O'Mcaraana Herbert, and brought be fore the City Bonch to-day. On being arrested Cook's indignation rose so high that tie endea vored to assault the constables, but O'Meaira and Herbert proved more than a match for him, and the magistrates fined him 40s, or.one month's imprisonment, withJ2s fid costs. ' A drunken fatherwas brought before the City Bench to-day, charged at the instance of his daughter, Mary Considine, with threatening to take her life and that of her mother. It would appear that Miss Considine and her motber are laundresses, and earn through hard labor an honest living. The father has not worked for the past fonr years, and worries tho life out of his daughter and wifefor money to buy drink, and pawns anything he can lay his hands on when he is refused. He has frequently assaulted the pair of them, and firevented them often from working for their ivelihood. The defendant promised to be have better in tho future, but as it was the fourth time he had been brought up on the same charge, the magistrates considered it time to bind him over to keep tho peace, and accordingly bound him over for six months in two Sureties of £25 each. Two young ruffians who aro evidently leaders of aband oflarrikinsin Carlton, named William Reid and Henry Crawford, were charged, at the City Court this day, with assaulting a young woman named Margaret Peterson. The facts aro that Roid and Crawford were mis behaving themselves in tbe streets of Carlton during the whole of last night, and wound up with assaulting tho brother of the prosecutrix in front of his house, in PalmerBton stroct, at 1 o'clock this morning. The girl, ill company witli her father and mother, ran to the assist- . ance of her brother, when the defendants struck her a violent blow in the eye and knocked the mother down and assaulted the father besides. On the prosecutrix escaping, the ruffians chased her and broke open the door to nssault her again, wisn they were arrested, Mr Kane defended, and urged tiiat prosecutrix did not wish to press the charge; bat the magistrates considered that they must deal with the case to suppress the ruffianism that is carried on by larrikins who arc making themselves a terror in Carlton, and ns a warning to others similarly disposed; they inflicted a fine of 40s or one month's rigorous ilnprisonment. The necetssity for the establishment of a Tribunal of Commerce in this colony is illus trated by the long and protracted suit of Longstaff v Keogli, which has occupied the Equity side of the Supreme Court for a long time past, and an appeal in which is now being heard by tho Full Court. ' The suit has reference to a partnership dispute in an extensive wholesale drug business in this city. It is most difficult to conceive how non commercial men like the judges can, without the aid of assessors, deal with such cases, involving business practices and ethics of which professional men nave but at best a super ficial and theoretical knowledge. lie Will iamstow Advertiser says At the meeting of the Execut ve Council-oil Monday next, Mr John Nimmo, M.I'., of Emerald Ilill will he appointed to fill the vacancy on the Melbourne Harbor Trust caused by the resig nation of Mr Orkney. An oldorly couple, named Featliorstone. were lockedup at Ballarat yesterday for in sulting behavior. Their united ages amounted to 133 years. , . . Tho Rev.W. R. Croxton, who has been in cumbent of All Saints' Church, Sandhurst for nearly twenty years, took an affectionate fare well of hifj (jongregatioa yesterday, He letives for England by the Cuzco, ill order to bo treated for cancer in the tongue. For the accommodation of persons desiring to write nn encorsement of the route, or name of a vessel, or add anything to tho address oil letters, etc. , about to be posted, the Postmaster- General has caused ink wells and a supply of pens to be provided for the use of tho public at cncli end of the stamp lobby at the General Post Office, nil arrangement which, it is believed, will be found to afford very general convenience. On the arrival of the steamer Mncedon from Sydney yesterday, the saloon, passengers pre sented Captain Ashford with a testimonial and a purse of sovereigns. The movement wns initiated by Messrs Liddy and Collier, , a managers of the colored company which has recently been playing Uncle 'loin s Cabin with so much success in New South Wales, tho journey to and from this polony having been' made on board the same vessel. The address set forth in tho warmest terms the appreciation in which the passengers held Captain Ashford's courtesy nnd seamanship during very trying weather. ThoGcelong Advertiser writes: — Consider able excitement was occasioned at tho railway station last evening, owing to the departure of a number of policemen for the Mansfield dis trict, the scene of the murders by Kelly's gang. Constables Glenny, Molloy, Caulfield, and Wiekham, from Geelong, proceeded to Mel bourne by tho last train and a large number of their, friends assembled at the station to wish them success and a safe return. The following constables were brought through from Ballavat by the mail train anuwent on to thometropolis for the purpose of being sent to tho district already named : — Messrs Hastings, Trainer, Powell, nnd Henley. The men only received notice to go away from their stations at two o'clock yesterday afternoon. It may be stated tiint witii tho exception of Constable Caulfield all tho men nre unmarried. As a body, the representatives of the force, both from this town and Ballarat, are stalwart and plucky fellows. Writing of the ensuing safety cage trial, the Bendigo Advertiser states that Mr W. H. Grainger, mining inspector, is busily engaged making the arrangements for the series of prac tical experiments with snfety cages, to take place at the City of SandhurstCompany'sshaft oil-Tuesday next. The work of bailing the water out of the shaft down to the 250 feet level is being energetically proceeded with, and it is expected that everything will be in readi- for the trials by tho date fixed for them. The steamer Golden Crown will leave the Sandridgc Railway Pier to-morrow at ton o'clock, instead of eleven ns heretofore. A special train will leavo the Melbourne tcrmiiius at eighteen minutes to ten o'clock. On Tues day next the steamer will be at the Queen's wharf to receive passengers and cargo. To-night at the Theatre Royal Miss Ada Ward appears for the first time in the highly scinsational drama, Mary Warner. This piece hns been for years Miss Batemnn's strongest drama, and has been played all over England and America with unvarying success. Olivia's Love hns had a very successful run during the week. Wo see that Miss Ada Ward's benefit is announced for Friday next. We have been requested to draw special at tention to the advertisement explaining tho ticket and entrance arrangements for the enter tainment at tho Town Hall this evening. ; Lcs Cloches de Corneville has had a good run at the Academy. To-night is its last night. On Monday, Miss Roaina Oarandini is to mako her first appearance in the colony, in an opera. She will essay the role of Arhne, inBUs's Opera, Tho Bohemian Girl. D'Arcy Read's Ghost has not palled in it3 i attractions to the sightseers of the metropolis, and_ there is little doubt that in the ensuing Christinas holidays it will prove one of the prime attractions of the city to our visitors. Those who have not yet witnessed Pro- feasor Baldwin's exposes of spiritism, and who desire to do so, must take advantage of this evening, when he makes his last appearance in the city. The Katie King mystery is to be explained this evening, and as this was for some time the spiritist trump card, tho explanation of how it was managed will doubtless excite much attention. In consequence of tho Town Hall being otherwise engaged there will be no performance by the City Organist this evening. The Two Orphans holds its own at the Prince of Wales, where oil Tuesday next a well-deserved benefit will be taken by the enterprising lessee, Mr G. B. W. Lewi's. Sir Mat'how Burnett, tlio Yorkshire Evnnycllat, will dolhornn adaroBS in tho i-ailor's Betbol, Sand, ridge, at 4 p.m\ and in tho Wesleyan Church, Graham Btrcot, at 6.30. These will bo Mr Burnett's last sddrcstcs in tho suburbs for somo timo, 