MR. KINSlAN REPLIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE 5ERCURY. Sir,-ln answer to Incumbent, I beg re spectfully to say that I have not spoken disrespectfully~of the Church of England, or gone cuit of my way so to do. The lec tures wale to my own people, and in our own church. True, I may have spoken some distasteful facts to Incnmbent, who has evidently mistaken the spirit of my lectures, and not at all understood my pur port, or he would not have indulged in the mean personalities and insinuations in which he has aspersed me, and treated me as though hostile to the Church of England when I am her true friend. It would have been more graceful on his part had he con fined himself to the doctrinal points of my lectures. But, as Scott remarks, " The imperfections of human nature, even in the best estate, appear when pious persons are offended and grieved at those things which should excite in them most lively joy and gratitude." Sometimes true believers are displeased to hear even the word of God being preached and received because the peculiarities of their own church, sect, or system, have not been adhered to, and they are ready to find fault with the Lord's plan of bringing sinners to repentance and faith in Christ, and with those who execute it because their own plan and prejudices have been broken in upon. Hence it is that the zealous servant of God may expect to be censured on account of those very things in which his Master has peculiarly pros pered him, and by those he most esteems and loves." I will pass over much of per sonal matter, and keep my reply more to the doctrines at issue. But there is one point that I would explain, where Incum bent says that he always thought that I seceded because a majority of the Church people in Collingwood desired a clergyman instead of a layman for their minister, allow me to say that I was the principal cause of obtaining a clergyman for Abbots ford, but, as the clergyman and I could not work together, I resigned, and 137 of the people signed a petition in my favor. After my resignation, on the 26th September, 1862, a deputation waited upon me to ask if I would accept the call of the people to be their minister, and they would build a church. I accepted the call, and a church was built, and I am now their minister. For this, Incumbent has charged us with the sin of schism, but another part of my lecture answers this point. The next point is the doctrine of Absolution. Here I have been mistaken in thinking that there was not a clergyman to be found in our midst that would and did uphold this doctrine of absolution as set forth in the Visitation of the Sick, but Incumbent, I find, is a strong advocate. He-asks, " What is a clergyman for if he cannot pronounce and declare to God's people, being penitent, the absolu tion and remission of their sins ?' I would advise Incumbent to read and follow the exhortation given in the fourth chapter of the 2nd Timothy, and then he will see what a clergyman is for. I havereceived a little sympathy in sorrow for not reading cor rectly :the Prayer Book on this doctrine, but I fail to see my error, which, Incum bent says, would have put the matter in a different light. But as be has supplied the correct reading, he asks, and I would also ask, the reader to examine carefully the Absolution, from "Our Lord," down to "offences," which absolution is what I abominate. Incumbent says this is the prayer that Mr. Kinsman abominates; but let it be remembered that it is not a prayer. but a positive declaration and ab solution. As the Incumbent says, the minister then authoritatively declares God's forgiveness, mark the words-" and by the authority committed to me, I absolve thee from all thy sins, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." This is what I abominate. And yet Incumbent would explain this away by saying, "this is nothing more than :Mr. Kinsman would say in other words, Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou` shalt be saved." This I deny; it is quite a different thing. I could say to every man, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved; but 1 dare not say to anyone, I absolve thee from all thy sins, neither is this power given to any living man or any church by the Word of God. The next doctrine I have to answer is Hell. On this point I am glad Incum bent agrees with me that Christ did not descend into hell (Gehenna), but to Para dise. Incumbent says, "Christ went to Paradise, and not to heaven, aye, and came back again too, and that their Catechism says :-Question, What do you mean by the word hell? Answer. Not a place of torment, but a place of departed souls eo (ades).:- I stated in my first lecture that Hides' was the place of departed spirits. a1 whether paradise or hell, &c.;, as set forth in the sixteenth chapter of Luke and 23rd re verse. Here let me give the full verse: "And in hell he lifted up his eyes, being in ro torments, and seeth Abraham afar off, and Lazarus in his bosom. I will now show to that not only had the Church of England, but still does teach, contrary to the Bible n in reference to Christ going down into hell. ; Mr. Caton says, in his second reply, " Mr. s, Kinsman quotes from the 42 Articles of F. 1552 to prove that Christ went down into hell, and then he (Mr. Kinsman) adds, this is by authority. No, sir, this is not by authority. It was, but these articles were o repealed by Queen Mary, and when brought forward in Elizabeth's reign. 1562, the part Mr. Kinsman thinks so much of was struck out." This is the admission that I said Incumbent had made, and that it was by authority, and we see that it continued for ten years as the teaching of the Church of England. All the Articles I gave in full, and again I say that it is the third Article in the Book of Common Prayer, and is pre faced. "Of the going down of Christ into hell (3rd Article)." "As Christ died for I us, and was buried, so also it is to be be lieved that he went down into hell" The s Prayer Book directs us how this article is to be understood, in the following words: "That no man hereafter shall either print or preach to draw the article aside any way, but shall submit to it in the plain and full meaning thereof, and shall not put his own sense or comment to the meaning of the Article, but shall take it in the literal and grammatical sense:' I therefore maintain that the literal and grammatical sense means that Christ went down into hell (Gehenna), for going down into hell cannot e be ascended into paradise, or being with the dying thief in Christ's kingdom. And why not have it altered, since the Church of England did teach it, and that for ten years, from 1552 to 1562. "But his ghost departing from him, was with the ghosts that were in prison or in hell, and did preach to the same, as the place of St. Peter doth testify." And this is the only part left out in the time of Queen Mary, but the first part still remains, and this is one point I mention that is contrary to the Bible. Again, I am pulled up for having mutilated another ancient document, the SAthanasian Creed (but n~ ,the doctrine), and then I am asked, why alter it? Surely this confirms the statement made in my lecture by the Rev. Wm. Goode:. "There are those among us who, if they could re gain a million souls to the fold of our church by ceasing to enforce some indif ferent ancient rite, would prefer retaining the latter to winning the former. Then I am sarcastically told the best thing after this is to lay violent hands on the Bible. Such an outburst of pious indignation is very pitiable. But I know and love my Bible too well for that. It is painful to write about such reckless statements as these when I read the 19th verse of the the last chapter of the Bible. The next point is bowing at the name of Jesus. Mr. Caton admits that it is only a custom, not a doctrine. "Bowing towards the east,' he says, "is not commanded or authorised, so I leave the people who do illegal things to answer for themselves." Here we walk arm-in-arm together for the first time, and I would just whisper, Brother, why not try and convert these schismatics of the great sin of schism? And now again we sepa rate, and our theme is Baptismal Regene ration. " I do believe in it, and it is one of the greatest comforts of my life to know that my departed loved ones who did not sin by actual transgression received remission of (original) sins by spiritual re generation." I suppose Mr. Caton means in baptism; but had those children died, some accident having prevented them from being baptized, would it not be a great comfort to know that they were saved ? Or is there lthat ign---mce here that I once came across in a village in Yorkshire thirty years ago, when a woman said to me, "Mr. Kinsman, I am troubled, the baby died un baptized, its spirit cannot rest, and it will hover over the house." I said to her, "Nonsense, woman; all babies dying, bap tized or unbaptized, go to heaven by the death of Christ," and this thought com forted her. The text referred to by Mr. Caton in support of his views on baptismal regeneration in infants, I think fail him. Acts ii. 38 : "Peter said unto them, repent and be ;baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins." This was said to adults in answer to their inquiry, men and brethren, what shall we do P They repented, believed, and were regenerated before baptism. On this doctrine Mr. Caton says that he will not bring the statement of Captain Perry. Is it because he does not like plain speak ing, and has judged me by himself? But I am sure if any man likes plain speaking I do, and that was one reason why I brought in Captain Perry's. Mr. Caton gives the opinion of Bishop Perry, and in reading over his opinion I find that Bishop Perry says, "It is not to be understood as declaring positively a fact which it cannot certainly know, viz., that every baptized infant, or every baptized adult, is regene rate. This is my answer to Mr. Caton's firstletter, and I will answer the others in due course. Iremain,. Yours, &c.;, N. KINSMAN. 