THE TRANS-CONTINENTAL RAILWAY A SCHEME. j [BY TELEGRAPH.] [FROM OUR OWN CORRESFOOTJKTT. BRISBANE, FnrrttY. IT is announced that an expedition has been organized by Mr. Gresley Lukin, editor and managing proprietor of the Queenslander, to effect a flying survey of the proposed line of trans-continental railway from Blackall, Queensland, to Port Darwin. Mr. Lukin expects the co-operation of the South Australian Press, and urges the construction by land grants if the route proves practicable ; South Australia to commence from Port Darwin, and Queensland from the Barcoo, both lines to junction at the boundary on the 21st parallel of latitude. Favenc, a first-class bushman, has been selected as leader of the expedition, surveyor Briggs being second in command. Mr. Lukin proceeds to the Barcoo to start the expedition, which it is expected will leave Blackall on the 12th July, and reach Port Darwin in five months, returning by the Netherlands steamer. Much approbation is expressed at the enterprise of the proprietary of the Queenslander, who bear the entire cost. It is believed that the expedition will achieve success and prove the practicability of a trans- continental railway by land grants. AirosBHENTS.-At the Theatre Royal last night there was a very respectable representation of " East Lynne "-a play which, whatever may be its demerits, always seems to take well with a Sydney audience. Mrs Scott-Siddons does not suit the part of Lady Isabel, and few who value her as a dramatic artist will feel regret at the fact. The Sir Francis Levison of Mr. G. D. Chaplin was a piece of acting deserving praise, but the same can hardly be said of Mr. Flem ming's Archibald Carlyle, which appeared to be without either life or vigour. Barbara Hare was well represented by Miss Alice Deorwyn. The other characters went through their parts in" a manner that made the performance enjoyable to the audience. This evening "The Octoroon" will be produced with Mrs. Scott-' Siddons as Zoe. Mr. Dorsay Ogden has drawn good houses at the Queen's Theatre during the week to witness the " Streets of New York." To-night he will appear as Fagan in " Oliver Twist." THE VICTORIA THEATRE-The. W. G-. Carey's benefit, at the Victoria Theatre, last night, was largely attended. The " Octoroon," the piece chosen for the occasion, was placed on the stage in an admirable manner, and the acting of the principal characters elicited the warm applause of the audience. Mr. Carey as Wahnotee was a very finished performance, displaying both power and versatility on the part of this talented actor. is GROSE-The entertainment known as D'Arcy Read's Ghost continues to draw good houses at the Guild Hall in Castlereagh-street. Last night the audience was quite as large as on previous evenings, and the performance, including the certainly clever illusions, was carried out in a manner that appeared to give satisfaction to the audience. DRAMATIC E.sTBaTAnaiBNT.-The dramatic entertainment given by the scholars of the Sydney Grammar School, in celebration of the breaking-up, on Thursday night, was repeated last night to a very large audience. The farces were fairly represented, and the Camp scene, with its incidental music, passed off very pleasantly. SKATING ENTERTAINMENT A skating rink has been opened at the Temperance Hall, and Mr. Alfred Wyburd has been engaged to give performances every Saturday and Thursday evenings. The rink, however, is open every day. Mr. Wyburd gives his first skating illustrations this evening. CONCERT AT S?. LEONARDS.-On Thursday evening last, a concert of sacred music was given in Christ Church, St. Leonards, the proceeds being devoted to the parsonage fund. Mr. Montague Younger' held the position of conductor, and Mr. A. Gehde, organist of the church, fulfilled the responsible duties of accompanist on the organ, and to these two gentlemen is due doubtless in a great measure the success which characterised the entertainment. Several of the leading members of the choice of some twelve or fourteen of the metropolitan churches, as well as some members of the Sydney Musical Union and of the Sydney Vocal Harmonic Society, to the number of about eighty, kindly volunteered their services for the occasion, the solos being entrusted to some of the most prominent vocalists of their respective choirs. The concert commenced with the singing of the National Anthem, in honour of the anniversary of her Majesty's accession to the throne. Then followed the best selections, numbering nearly twenty reci- tatives, airs, and choruses from Handel's *' Messiah ;" " With verdure clad" from Haydn's " Creation ;" Mendelssohn's beautiful duet, quartette, and chorus, "I waited for the Lord; " and G. E. Lyle's anthem, "Like as a fatherpitiethhis children." The concert was brought to a close by the rendering of Handel's grand chorus, "Hallelujah," from the "Messiah." A composition, "Repentance," as an organ solo by Mr. Gehde, and Mendelssohn's " O, rest in the Lord," had to be omitted owing to the lateness of the hour at which the performance terminated. The concert was a most successful one, both as regards the attendance of visitors and the manner in which the programme was carried out. The different parts in the choruses were evenly balanced, and the " solo singing was, for the most part, excellent. PaixcB ALFRED PARK The Redfern Band will perform this afternoon at 3.30. Programme March, " Sleep, Beloved, Sleep," Arnold ; quadrille, " Songs of the Day," Coote; valse, "Brass des Nuts," Lamathe ; schottische, " Pretty as a Picture," arranged by Camfield ; mazurka, " Fern Bay," Camfield ; galop, "Wings of Love," Meyder; God save the Queen. INFIRMARY At a quarter to 8 o'clock yesterday morning a man named Henderson fell from a ladder and received some severe injuries. He remained unconscious for about ten minutes, but afterwards was sufficiently recovered to go to the Infirmary for treatment. A stone fell on Edward McGrath, one of the watchmen connected with Campbell's Wharf. His left arm was fractured, the ribs also sustained injuries. John Williamson still continues insensible. 8EBiotrs ACCIDENT-A man named Edward McGrath, about 70 years of age, met with a very sad accident early yesterday morning. He was engaged as a watchman on the new premises of the A. c. N. Co., and was present there when some workmen were removing a set of shear legs used for hoisting stone and other material. The legs fell on him while watching the operation, and so heavily that one of his arms and several of his ribs were broken. His injuries were attended to as well as possible by those present, and constable Dignam took him to the Infirmary, where he lies in rather a precarious condition. A RUNAWAY horse with a cart attached to it belonging to Mr. Hardaker, of Darlington, bolted along Castlereagh-street yesterday afternoon, and when opposite Mr. Kiss's yard it knocked down a man named John Cox, of Wilmot- street. The sudden violence of the shock rendered him senseless and constable Newton took him to the Infirmary. It was found there that he had not received anything more serious than a severe shaking, and, in fact? shortly afterwards he recovered sufficiently to walk home. DISTRICT COURT.-Monday, 24th June Becker ?. Crispo (part heard), Murdoch and another v. Brown Yeo v. Dixon, Price v. Fisher. O'Briam T. Goold! sweet v. M'Elveney., 