SYDNEY CHIPS. fFOOK AW OU WSTTAUaT BLOCK.) Bckdib NO. A I see by 77b Oomr that ex-pxtest (Dnniquy md amieidar canfeerion have the monopoly at p nstinf of your correspondence cirinutna. Well, there is no zrazmsr at doubt Ihte once Scxsaxdst loader has caused Ug Hotter among the doveeris of Eydney ; and I, as a heretic, am rf opinioc his nasty charges against tfa church he fas left, mod Ids vile dander ngrinst tfa Ostholic women ofthe world, win do more bum to the cense of religion than fa artn ever do good hp his lectures. In the Jerry boat, on toe railway traik np Urn Zig Zag mountains, In tfa bus, on toe attest pavement, or in tfa hotel— no matter where you go er stay — everyone, ymmgand rid, has eomr thing to say for or against toe filthy disclosures. It is said tfa mora rabid Orangemen are holding high juUlee. And toe wonder to me is, from all I have beard and seen, that hlood has not been spilt over the dirty buazness. Tfa pamphlet fa easy of which I send yon) containing the tectums is selling by the thousand; and in tfa streets of tfa car. daily, your ears are dinned with cries of " Startling disclosures," ' More news from Canals," Sc., 4c. It ia said that toe stupid who Brack tfa ex- priest with a stone on the knee toe other day baa done more for tern than was ever intended by the stone-fiingor, and I hal this eiJy knock with a piece at bine metal has been quite a grid mine to Father OMniray, earning tie roggets (as salve) to roll in grandly. WelL, I am no symprthfcm with toe Church ri Borne, and much lees with toe doctrine of auricular confession; hut I mnst, in joatioe, eay toot ton Orthotic wives and daughters of our cohmisU have bean handled cruelly and dlgreoefully by tide ex- zrtest, in toe wholesale way in which he hao need tbe tar bruto to all and sundry. Tfa women cd Sydney have, boweror, found n champion in the person of Mrs Constable (era Miss Joey Gongenfaim), so weD known in Victoria, who in a lecture delivered test evening at the Ball, to an immense audience, denounced tbe ex- priest as a "Bar" sad a "slanderer." The title ofthe lecture was "Our Slanderer." Tfa lady lecturer had quite an ovation. Cheer after cheer greeted her appearance on tfa platform, and as she made earii print in her diseoarse, heartier applause I atmpoee was never riven to any lecturer, mate or female Aftbonghtfa tectum was advertised for eight o'clock, long before that time the fan was thronged. I managed after a fittie elbow-charring to wriggle into half sitting ball- standing position, for which I paid 2s, and had the advantage, many had not, of hearing distinctly toe fair lecturer. When I say that tfa btil was pecked from floor to ceiling, sad "»' more then one half ware la- ties, yon may have some hint idea of tfa tug crush. WeD, for tfa lactam. Mrs Constable spoke fiuenlly and well, and ulteriy repudiated tfa insinuations and charges of tfa ex- priest, From the Marmsg Berdld of today yon will be able to gather a very fair report at tfa lecture, taken down by a EaDarat man. Tfa large audience, after the lecturer had ended and retired, tried in effectually by most deafening cheers to get Mrs Constable to reappear, but finding it useless, they quickly dispersed. Hundreds, however, waited out side the hall for mora than an hour to cheer, but were disappointed, as Mrs O. did not come out by tfa main OtBUkOfta Writing of lady lecturers reminds me of toe fact that Mrs Harding® Britten,the spiritualist lecturer, -has by noma spiritual move mamged to root out Mr Henry Vartey, toe evangelist, from tfa Theatre Royal, and ia to boJd forth t fare herself next Sunday evening, Mr Vartey has taken the Protestant HaD for fate meetings, but fa does not draw the big crowds fa did in Melbourne. I have often heard it said in Ballarat that parsons, like other folk, fare their likes and dislikes, and, wban oocasion reqmras, do not hesitate to sbw their neighbors and frlands which way their weatheccock- windrmllis turning 1 was highly amnsed not many weeks ago when travelling in a first-class carriage between Ballarat and Mribomne. Tfa other occu pants of the compartment referred to were a live bishop, » youth in an arridtectis cfioe in Mri bomne, and two or three others, including tfa Writer. Time, haif-past six o'clock Kin. Train guard whistles, engine grunts, and goes, and wn are away. The youth, who is sitting opposite his lordship, prod noes tbe two Ballarat p« pres. and proffers one (you cart guess which) to ids lordship. But no; his rivrreroe declines, remark ing in Italian, " I niver rade that." Yo. to then bands paper No. 2, which that morning had a flaming notice rf his lordship'e Sunday discourse This was accepted, and intently read. Time rapidly flies away, and news- papere are exchanged «D round. Leaving Gselong terminus; his lordship, who " niver rades No. 1, just asks for a sqnint over its columns, "pat to pass the time away;" «na as too train arrives at the Melbourne Station, TbaBaUaral Courier is politely returned, after careful perusal, and for tee nonce his riverancehas cast his godly vision on the godless newspaper that fitrts to npbold the Berry Government and tee Ede- mztienAct. .... On board tee City rf Melbourne, from Melbourne to Eydney, net long ago, .tine was some run fun. Half of the ca'oon passengers were Sjdneyite6, nnd the others (including ladies) were Victorians. The Eydney folk bad; however, tfa major part rf the debating power. Yon may rely upon it Black Wed nesday and Graham Berry came in for their share of rf tfa confab ; tfa Vice pitching iu right and left to toe teamed and polite M'hlhones of toe New South Weles Fertfement, erd. Iike men, gutngin heck and nothing for everything Victorian IbetievetoeVicshsd tfabestofit,andtfaNew6omh Welshersandfree-fxade were, not seemingly comfortable. However, after dinner on toe day referred to, we were all in good humor when Gabo Island came in sight. Yon will pteaan note faze that this is the dividing point betneen the two colonies. One of tfa Sydney. Stee, who had a terrible down cn Berry, pointed gleefully to ths tag" Send Hummocks" on tfa banters rf toe Victorian territory, end said "that's just it" Bee, toe moment we leave New South Wales we leave gveen pastures for sandhills". "I wonder." sud-he, quite drily, " what use Berry will make of toe sand, and under what class will he place it in toe land-tax." "What use" echoed tfa Victorian; "did yon say what use Berry makes rf the sand? Well, i believe he keeps It on the coast line to throw in toceyeerf toe New Booth Wclshera." Need I eay thata genera roar was toe result of tins somewhat witty reply, end toe Bydney man, who turned out to be an BLL.A- , swore by the ghost of his deed grandfather and Botany Bay, that the fnnooent-Iooking Victorian should not IsavB tfa' ship tiD fa had jjined him -in cracking a ODuple o! bottles rf fie, and if lie should ever want a billet £e the " service" to had nothing to do when applying bnt to remember ldm rf toe sand hummocks, and the use Scary made rf them, when fa came to New South Wales. It te always gratifying to bare good news totelL and benee my pleasure in bearing that Mr Thomas M'Hugh, toe editor and proprietor rf ihe Avoca FV< Prea, who te now in Bydneydoing the block, has by the deeto-rf a brother in this colony come into a big fortune rf £30,000. I send this news speciallr for tee FaS tonfJ, as no doubt, atihoogh arival'jsoruaL tfa proprietor win be delighted to bear ot his friends good lock- lam making enquiries in Sydney anenttfa cariDonl, Whom sweet music cn tfaSubato morning Ifavs so often enjoyed. Some to& me the murio is Irom tfa beliriiwers'.loft; but of this I am sore. If it is softie marvsUondy good and surpriangiy correct. I am still rf pptoton that mertianiwn— not rope-pulling — -fas to do with it, but of tblB mora another time- ... Tfa latest thing here in (fa h tel. line iz "The Nephiltete' hoteL" 1 had an invitatioo last evening to tfa house-warming, bnt had reluctantly to decline. By tfa name you will see te is an out-and-out teetotal venture.- . . Writing of teetotallers reminds me of the fact that oppodiion party rf Good Tempters hero, under tee Grud Lodge rf tee World, ere by far the strongest party. Tfay.it will fa remsmberd by Good Tem plars, seceded bom the American crder, owing to the " negro question." I bare beard and read some thing of tius secession end lam rfniopterttto WorthyGrand Ledge of the World, under Ere. Mehns. has the fast -of St ' MrJamosTteW. once mleeSIng Templar in Bal larat, U the grand woiteyeecraUry of thsordor in NeW Booth Walee, and .there can fa no question hut that they are doing fare a noble Voik. 120 todres "regte- tored, and new lodges opeidng weiy.- I had an etht irf ' nomndstion for IVicteHa, faS.AecSnti taking a positioii rf. that kind at present. Ifsnyrf the leading Templars rf Ballarat are dte- satis&d; with too American urdar, 1 have mo dopbt ff-yhctmunendsd to toe' grand worthy sacrotary tfay can obtain a cnmnrission to opec lodge in tfarffy, . andl forooe JbeUeve the rivalry that would be oc casioned by this action would stir up the rfd in Good Templiry, how almost extinct. The tera- neranee. peopSe here have aweryfine .faiLand.Afa G.W.E. te to fa inted in his office at tfa entrance dafly from ton lo.ftmr o'clock, to take ntedara and giveeptmseL [?] 