. St Jtfaryfs- Cathedral. I Tina place of "worship has, as, is, well Hi known, been in a trnnsstion state for soino tiino past, as regards its erection. But H moved by thojcbnsidoration of tho irnsnfo H and iinnnished condition of a building, nnd actuated by a laudable desiro to H put on a proper footing this tho.. first in +Vi n "Rnninii (llAMRn. I tho ouatodians of tho sabre'di trust, ohtorod Into o contract with' a, building firm .thnt of Messrs. Shields ' ,'and ' .Son, for the purpose of ro- buildiiig 'and" romodolling tho edifice. This work was to be done on an extensive scaled ' and. .would , rbquiro £6000, in addition to'.a further sum of about £4000 ' for supplombntaiy expenses inourred in works'. not ' provided for, nor included in the contract, .which ' would bo H nooded to make the fnbric as complete and as ornamental as possible.' As soon ' as arraugoments bad beon'entered into, the contractors commonced operations, a number of skilled artisanes,'. under com- H potent direction woro" ongagod,' and'undor H tho superintendence' !of /Mr.'. Cronly, who B wss employed as clerklof the .works,.- tlio H old cathedral was'.Bubjcctcd'. to a process, H that when 'finished, .'w'hioh .'.ivill be, it is ostimated,' two years, , will bo. ono of the finest buildings ' reared ' for purposes of public, worship - ill' tho town, and will nustain an equal, if not advantageous coin- parisnu; with anyofits kind intluicolonios. Tho demolition of tlfat'part of tho. buiid- H ing, extending from; tho 'dwhcbl, having H been completed,; and ' the introductory H labour of ' dxravating tho groiirid for the H proposed how tower and othor improvo- H monts, having been nlrendy. begun, it was rcquirad that '.tlio braik of tio intended H operations— thofoithdationstono — should bo consecrated hs'orijbihedby tho, Romish ritual. Thisrito, it' was fixed, should bo H celebrated on. Sund'ny '.'afternoon, 'and ac- cordingly,'at tho.'timo, mentioned in tho advortisemont, crowds -began to gather. within tho 'onclqsur6,;whero' stood tho Cathedral, in aU"but jaiatate'of'domoli- tion, siirmountedby tlilo'Papal flag, .while on other portions pf :thpd3ifico', 'or ratlior in tlio buildings conhpctdd 'with 'it,' word hnng bannera dnd: bihihotetUj'bchrihg dp- propriato devices. — — . . - - Shortly after 3 o'clook" tho' scholars bolonging to tho Convent school, the children of St. Mary s, came in procession to the ground; followed by tlioir Lordships the Bishop - of Hobart Town 1 /vested ill capo and mitre); tlio Bisliop of Sandhurst, H and tile-Bishop of Maitland.' ' theso cnurcli dignitaries being attendod , with the usual nuinbor of .acolytes. ' . .'His Excellency the Governor, ' with; ilfs. H Weld and family,; accompanied by, Bo v. MrVaiiglinii, brother to tho Archbishop, of Sydney, and a relative to His Excellency, H then took .thiir places under, an erection that aqswored the purposes of a pavilion ; H and wo noticed among thoso present tlio H leading members of tho Roman Catholic H Clergy in'tliis'diocoso,' Mr. Hunter, Mr.' H J. D. Balfoi tM.H.'A,; : Mr." Duncan (of H Sydney), and anuinhor of othor prominent H citizens: - SoiWsiiitablo iiymiis woro sung H by tho scholars, andthon, us was described H in our account of tlio consecration of .tlio viiutUll Ul U1U OtiuUU:lAUIUb JlUu gitUUitWl) H the cornor Btono of tho cdifico was blessed by tho Bishop of tlio diocese, According to the forms ahdritual, of tho Ronifali H Church. His Excellency then advancing, H twith a golden trowel, took and placed; tho mortar under the stone, which, on being lowered into its place, received tlio last H touch from the samo hands, and an appropriate nnd singularly impressivo H prayer luiving taken place, the Bishop M wnlkod round tho opon foundations, ana whilst tho 50th Psalm was being clianicd, sprinkled them with the liuly wutor, H which done, two other supplications, one based on tluvt ofTorod up by Solomon on |H tho dedication of tlio temple— woro mndo H ' to Heaven, and. tlio ceremonies enjoined . church's . ritual were now accomplished. Boforo closing tlus notice of the conse- cration it is required of ' us' to state that a copy of two daily papors, and tho author ised publication of tlio il Oatholio Stand ard" wore deposited in tho cavity togotlior. with adooumont bearing this inscription A. M. D. a Angularom ' huno lapidom occlcsim Boatiu Maviiu Virginia Immaculate) Con- coptionis' bencdicit, Ills. Hovdms. Daniol Murphy Episco- pus Hobartonionsis, adstantibus Ills. Kovdms. Episcopi Maitlandionsi ot Sand- hursiensi dio dccinm monsis Fobruarii, anrio'1878. Pontificatua Pii Noni, Suinini Pontilicis 32. \ ' Insignia voro piotnto ",vir Frodoricua Aloysius Wold,' O.M.G., roruin in hoe ColoniA. Tosmanionsi auprcmus Moderator ab Episcopo Hobartomonsi' rogatus oun- doni lapidom posuit, plaudbhto cleri ot pouli multitudino, qui opportuna sub- sidia: adoptis phis some! incoptum absol- vondumeuppcdelftbant. Administratore ojnsdem Ecclosim Ca- thodrnlis Rov.1 D. F. X. Boochinor. ' Viotoria Rogina, foliciter rogimnte. # Tho Bisuor of Maitland thon' .de livered tho usual address, choosing for his text tho words of 10th and 20th versos of 28th chaptor of St. Matthew's Gospel, <( Go out and teaoh all nations that I am with you always, oven to tho ond of tho world," said ono of tlio principal oflocts of tlio dcscont of tho Holy Ghost was most plainly aoon.m tho founding, and ostab- Usliing of the church of Jesus Christ.: Tlio church in its . hcinniiiiicr soomod liko a grain of mustard sood ins we,, and was confined in its limits during tho lifotimo of .our blosscd Xord ; but after his doath, and his nsconsion into Hoavon, so great was. its progress that., its 'branches" sprond forth in oyory ; land,., and throughbut tho wholo; oartli '.was. its power .and influonco felt. . Tho mighty truth's roVbalcid;hy Josu's Christ had been carried by tho -preaching of liissorvauts, through tlio agonoy of spirits, sinco that timo to tho utiuoat bounds of tlio earth. At first tho Apostlos preached to tho Jows onlyy and such was tho success, of their mission, though small it appoarod when comporod with the results of thoir labour among tho Gontilos that as was road in tho Acts of tho Apostles. . St. Potor con- vortodin two sermons over 8000 souls to tlio faith of Jesus Christ Then under tho diyino guidduco, thoy turned from tlio Jowssli nation and carried tho faith to tho nwiiu. XUUI'U UlU Vlllircil TO which thoy bolongod took root, gained strength, and was . established among tho nations of tho .oarth, and this was dono through tho obodionco paid by his followors to thoso wonls of their Mostor. FPrcssurb on our spaco . compels us to hold ovor tlio remainder of tho account until to-inorrow. 