Ottv 1'aris XtcHcv . Paiits, August 31. Odd coincidence ; tho Catholic Church in France,' like the ' Established Church in England, suffers from a common afflic tion— tho Biipply of. clergymen is falling short. The harvest novor was -greater, iirj.l tho laborers so fo»v. Savins roiiIb does not pay, from tho worldly point of view. The Abbe Dougand, of Orleans, laments tho nuntbor of parishes in Franco in want of spiritual ndviscrs, of vicars, as well as of curatos. .Ho does not attribute Ihrt cause, ai is usual with mauy fossilised politicians, to the Free Thinkora and the Republicans, but simply to young men preferring a nioro luerativo calling. Localities that wore renowned, like many fumilies, for fooding tlie prioathood with c.uulidatua, now cense to do so. Tho consequence is, that there are 28,000 parishes in Franco deficient in clergymen, and 3000 more where there is neither church nor priest. Tho Abbe complains of tho religious indiffercnco abroad, not only on the part of men, but what seems new, on the part of woinon. For both Roxes, religious ccromonios lack lifo. The romedy ? Have special services for each of the SOX5B, and in addition, for eaoli class, following tastes, pro-occupations — prejudices ovou.. Arrive at union by division. But if diviuo services bo regu lated to suit workmon aud soldiora, why not for rich and poor, for servants and masters I Wo live, liowuvor. in strango times. There is tho Duo do Bisacoia, for oxamplo, who lun just demnndad a special first-class waiting room for himself on tlio Alamort railway, to keep tlio hoi polloi from coming botweon tho wind and hit nobility. People rub their eyes at all theso tilings, especially at n moment when the spirit of class is producing such mighty bearings on tho Contiuont, that cast thoir shadows boforo. One characteristic ubemt the frionds of poaco ; thoy do no harm, especially as the Irishman said, if they do not coine to blows. Tho mightiest fighting man in this or any othor age, would feci maultod to be considered othor than a friend of ponce. Is it that tho sailor prefers a tempest to tho favoring breeze ? Tho meeting hold on Sunday last, 111 favor of peace, by international workmon, of whom 200 woro English delegates, rcsoinbles all similar reunions. Victor Hugo was to preside, but did not ; his apology countod upon founding a European ropublie, by lovo : Garibaldi aims to securo tho saino, but by uiakiiw its friends perfect in rifle shooting. Louis Blnnc for once was not utnpian ; he does not behove tho time cmno for laying aside carnal weapons, nor for settling national disputos by Gonseils rrud'houtme. Ho loves peace, as we lovo spring, the uiorry sunshine, a blue sky, self-denial — in others especially, and evon leva itself. Bub he thinks it is too much to expect Franco to onjoy tho pipo of peace like Virgil's shopherd perhaps, after her recent reversos, and smarting still from tho pain of territorial amputation. Tho peace movement has tho drawback of oucrvating conscripts, and causing popular energies to sloop. It is not by disarming oneself that an enemy is disarmod and maintained in respect, but by surpassing him in ariiiamonts and organisation. Diplomacy can no more secure peace, than sorrow can bo patched witli proverbs. The power that has mo3t bayonets will havo most iniluoiico, and the tdtous will ever devour tho minnows. For the present it is hotter to hung the sword beside tho ploughshare, not bout it into 0110. War is an evil that must be combated ; is peculiar to no form of government, for all peoples havo rival interests and ambitions. Keep tlio powdor dry, and then rely 011 the God of battles, tho jnstnoss of your cause, etc., etc. As it is, wo still protty much re member tho good old times, when peoplo danced and sang at Saul having slain Jiis thousands, and David, liis tens of thou sands. Tho postponement of tho distribution of the prizes till tho 21st October is not badly recoivod. Tho true cause is that tbou a greater assembly of notabilities will bo curtain. It will havo for conse quent rosult, to compel exhibitors to stand by their guns till tho last. Onco tlio piizes are awarded, interest diminishes on the part of the winners, and the defeated do not bucomo zealous. The official lec tures, explanatory of tho contents of the building, aro very much followed; the visitor who takos honors in this couvso must be a veritable encyolopicdist, and when ho returns to the bosom of his family, his friends, like the pupils of Goldsmith's schoolmaster, cannot hut bo amazed, " tlmt nno small head could carry all he knew." Tho clash and crush con certs at the Trocanoro arc patronised by thousands ; even Theopilo Gautior might be reconciled to this harmonious noise. Tho fresh wator aquarium is very attrac tive, especially at the hours of ten and fiva —feeding time. Tlio " tocsin of the soul —the dinner boll," consists of a few taps 011 the glass ; then hiding places are deserted, ami an ugly rush made by tho big, to devour their food — tho little fish. It is said those displays of thostrugglo for lifo have bcou .only inaugurated since tho Gerrnau Darwius arrived to attend tlio French Society for tho Advancement of Science. AI. Cazoneuro has been employed by tho Government, to lecturo the national teachers of Franco, as they arrive in groups to visit the Exhibition, on the artifices of spiritism. It is counted among the glories of Louis Phillippe's umbrella reign, to have dispatched Robort Houdin . to Algeria, to oxposo the tricks of tho native jugglern, .who passed: as gods in consequence of thoir alcight of hand ability. Gazonctiro gave a special suanco to tho press, in their pavilion in tho exhi bition ; lie was corded and : tho knots so'aled, and plucodin a tent/ along with n vory ' wide-awako correspondent, whoso' eyes had been handaged. Ohzononro, in a fow seconds, fired oflf pistols, etc., mid deprived his guardian of his cont, '.watch, and purse— a foat not included in tlio programme. According to high authority, " Sir Albert Sassoun," the owner of tho equestrian statue of tho Princo' of Wales in tho Indian collection, has bought tho ; Prince's pavilion in tho Ruo des Nations, for 150,000fi\, and will ship its sections \ to England, in October, when tho Hauss- 5 tmuui domolishors commence work. "Sir \ Sassoun" will re-erect tho edifice in his 1 park. This gontloman, it appears, 1ms resided three weeks in Paris, and by intense application to study has acquired j a lluont knowledge of Fronch. Dr. Schlie-. : nmmij .or Alezzofanti himself, could, not ; surpass this lingual proficiency. Perhaps vanity has much to do with tho zeal dis- I played by tlio purchasers of- exhibits to I havo their immos placed on tho objects, and tho prico paid. Alan'y admirers of I nctriccs add the name of tlio latter to, tlio r object bought in.' ' There is a story told of an angry Charles Surface, wKo.brbught an uncle twith' a' moat disinheriting cohrito-, nance to reason, by buyiiig modicines '/andij surgical .apparatus for ; ropulsive. diseases, ami placing uncle's name thereom . Thanks to tho taste of tho multitudo, the' visitors leavo tho Trocadero for tho'Ohamp j de Mars; the most popular seetion: of the < fnrmor is now that devoted to- nnthropo-: ' logical oxhibits, and , 1 roniomber it was l alinostV 'daily ' dosort up" to July. . .The . popiilace scom ,tor havo a fascination for these rolics of prehistoric man. aud of tho ovideuccs of his descent, or.rogoncracy, from monkeys. ' But whilo on tho Bubjoct of okl rotations, why not trace our common family trao from a protty ouistiti, rather than from a vil lainous ourang-outang 1 Tho multitude Hocks to tho Ohamps do Alars, and tlio crowds hivo, oil" into the colonial courts. Britisli India is a country in itself. ' Tho clock-tower trophy of Canada is a mistake; to ho useful it ought to be provided with " a lift." Tlio most expressive trophy in tho colonial sections is that of Victoria, showing the aboriginal and his picca- niiiies, in contrast with tlio minor and tho toam driver. Tho trophy of Now South Wales is meaningless— a Babylonian kind of dresser. Victoria and South Australia impress you as boing tlio richest of the English colonies, and there is room to regret thoy have not occupied tho spaco allocated to New South Wales and Queensland, Australia can count upon carrying oil tho bluo riband for wool ; in minerals she has many competitors, but in proservod moats, whoru one expected hor to como out strong, she lias proved unaccountably weak— eclipsed by Amorica, notably in canned food, but above all in the energy of pushing it on tho market. Tho grocers' simps .-iro filled witli Ameri can meats in tins — not tho ghost of a box' is to bo mot with from Australia, It will bo a surprise for many to lo»rn that public opinion agrous that Russia will beat all othor nations in pianos ; tho in struments from that country, according to cool judges, possess moro of the " singing qualities, " and this after fourmonths expo sure to dust, and variations of temper iture, Tho cabinet, wood and tasto, aro, of course,' oxcollonb in tho French display, and Erurd will supply an instrument combining theso qualities for 50,000f. Tho English pianos are accused of gruat- uess of metallic tone ; judges stop to seriously cxamino an upright instrument by Draapor, of Liverpool, and a piano from Buenos Ayros is remarked for its excellence. Spanish pianos arc not with- out adinirors for thoir tono-color and capacity. Tho pavilion dcvoiod to tho public works of Franco is well worthy of a visit; a further proof will hero be ro- vealed of tho wonderful richness of Franco in building materials, and of tho cele brated works executed sinco 18G7. The building itsolf is remarkable from the commie decoration omployml, along with slab3 of various marbles, It is huro that I ho model lighthouse is erected, and whose revolving rod and white electric light throws its rays nightly across tho palace and grounds with such singular e fleet. It is remarked that tho last place at present to sook for Parisians is at Paris. The city is handed over to provincials and foreigners. And how they do onjoy 1 thomselves ! — thoy scom nover to bo tired, I and tlio children brnvo the air to bo in ' paradise. Tho, seaside is not lively this j year, and citizuns prefer taking refugo in thoir Suburban villas or in Switzorhind. After tho exhibition, tlio captivo balloon has moot admirers. If you cannot pay 20f. for a .trip, you can enjoy tho spec tacle. of others going up for one franc. Why. do intending mronauts look so sheepish 011 outoring tlio car? Are they ashamed to ho looked at, ov agitated by fear ! Tho latter would bo uxcusublo if, as has born tho custom, whon ballooning was first patronised, to confess.utd listen to prayers for the dying, before the "let go" was pronounced. At the Jardiu d'Accltina- tation, where you uro certain to moot all visitors, tho young pooplo are very happy. They can ride an elephant, camels, and ponies, and tako a drivo iu an ostrich dog-cart — the poor birds' log3 aro as bare' as as a Highlander's ; now a penny tramway has boen started ; it has stations at tho "dovo-cote," ' Borneo ami Juliet" — tho elephant's stand ; tho seal's grotto and the concert paddock. Iu timo a tiny engine will sttparacde the two-pony motive power. The director is stiutyiug to havo a littlo captive balloon for littlo folks; 111 the mcautimo they nan seek variety by sitting on the back of the giant tortoise from the Capo, take lessons in tho riding school on Corsican ponies, aud visit thu model cow- house, like AInrie-Antometto, milk the goats, and caress tho kids. Except being put iu a tract, could a model youngster desire moro? A writer from Galium has made the wondcrfdl discovery that tho real natno of Prince Bismarck's now dog is not Sultan, butCuirasse ; that he lias a valet to care him ; that the Princo lives in an apart- mont over a grocer's shop, and that his privato detectives aro dresso'd up as daiulics, only their large dirty hands, with nails full of " parson's earth" look odd in white kids. General Vinoy is Chancellor of the Legion of Honor; although ho alleges a sum of some 30,000f. has been properly disbursed by an ophanago under his con trol, a claimant of tlmt sum demands that tho book-keeping of the General's department be overhauled, since an oliicial of tho National Debt Office can find 110 trace of tho sum. Of course there is no personal charge against tlio General. Two strango prisoners, 0110 a gentleman named Rovol, - shot an artist who had married his mother ; tho death was said to bo caused by accident ; before tlio judge he confessed tho deed was premedi tated, and begged the judgo to not stiiro so at him. At Yontte, a man was boing tried for swindling. " Your profession ?" asked tho judge.. "Robber, like your self," a'.is tho reply ; tho prisoner then fiuug his shooat- tho judges; failing to hit, ho threw tho contents of an ink boitlq at them. : The .Funerals Company of Paris lias, contracted to' supply tlio Opora witli' a ho;irso, four white liorsos,'ahd tlio mutes, for 33fr. a night, to figure in ' Gounod's now o'pora, Polyeucto. Whon ofi1 the stago tho cortege will return to its ordi nary catling. . There is 1111 American clown attached to tho Fernaudo circus, who, "by .his tricks, gains sufficient to support himself and pay for his medical studies.'. Ho drinks nothing stronger than wator, so is fit for a Whito House sproo. Philosophical reflection of a smoker : " No friendship could survive tbo test of lending a friend two sous of weed daily." At Marseilles : somo town councillors decline to comb to the meinoriam mass for Thiers bocause it is a religious ovent, nnda few because lio wrote up -Napolcon- I. the modol tyrant. A.doputy and a Free ,Thinkor is doing ponnnco ; ho or-jbys his aunt's logaey on condition - of attending church every. Sunday., , r ..i". ... : Dumas pero refused to pay a bill, till it was protested. " I fcoi'it is now regular," he informed his frionda, .. . c< Tho census taken a few months since shows tlmt tlio population of Now Zea land, . occlusive of Alaorics,. numbers ,414;4l2; porsons — 230,998 males and |183,414 females. Of theso 158,208 ro- sido in tho North .Island, .255, 757 in tho Aliddlo 'Island, 251 , on ' Stewart' Island) ' land 190' 'on tho Chatham Islands.; In making a survey, of the new road at, .Alohikimti, in Bullbr' county, tlio ' snr- 1 vfl.var. jstrpclc acoal . aoam ,5f L . thickj two miles, frhni-:.thb township. 'Tlie.' 'coal is bituminous, and oxccllont in.qualit)'. It is onsily accessible, and" may' bo brought to the port at small cost. 