" F O R P E R C i V A L ' CHAPTER XXIX. : . • A HHTHHIH Uf BOOEXBIGH CSHUBCH. "Percival awoke the next morning, gazed'at. the-window, andperceived th*t a bee wastrying tctfiad a hole in the invioible wall which parted it from thf blue vault and liberty. He smiled as-he watched it. " Poor thing, did it expect t £hd any flowers here ? I suppose it wants to be free;-but, if itdid get out,the blue itself would befits prison, only so big it wouldn't know it. Are we ever free, I wonder, or does liberty only iqean that we have not yet ran. our heads against onr prison walls ? J'oor wretch, ho.w it frets! - I • must turn it oit directly." (^-Directly," thatk " immediately." Why does, this word at the end of. a sentence always suggest a slight delay?; "Directly" in this case meant that -Percival would stretch himself luily, and meditate a few moments longer.) I fancy Queen Sleep has a multitude of atten- •dant sprites, Who wait xtppa us'during the night.- She bids them take oar hardens of. weariness and trouble, and let us have some rest. "We load them very heavily, poor little things—so heavily somet imes that they cannot support' the back- breaking weight, and frogmeats of oar everyday anxieties slip'down and mingle in oar dreams. ' But the elves do their best,only now and.then-they are mischievous, and say they wil at any rate have an exchange of burdens, so th«y toss their queer little per 1 plexites to us to hold, and we have very fontasticVisioiiH indeed. It may be that they, get so dull towards morning with the burden' of onr dullness, that they do not notice; when we open- oor . eyes, and thus we gain a moment's respite. It. happened so - that morning^ till a little elf, who had been .released by. an .earlier riser, . suddenly- burst out laughing, hands Oil hips, gauze. wings quivering,, and droll head oneside.. "What art you standing there' for? ' Why thaVfellow' is t^ide awake, and., talking. abou$ bees and liberty these live minutes J" " So he is !" said the drowsy sprite.aml flinging his load to Percival again, he darted o The young man.satup'with a suddenly irc&bled; face, forgot the bee, and rememberedeverything else. ( ; • "It isn't possible!" he q^id. • Something of Aunt Harriet's feeling awoke within him, wheja he considered the matter by the light of day. 14p not know that he thought of the presents exactly,! bat it did seem to him that he and Sissy hpd: gon£ too far. to /draw back. What would everybody pay?: Percival hated the thought gf ; tljie gossip- :with which Fordborough would be * flooded.>_ And what would his grandfather, say^. With whom would he be angry ? For angry he would undoubtedly be. Percival could takenp comfort from the thought that he would probably escape the old man's wrath, forhefelttbat Sissy must be sheltered at any oost, He" could notwalk off in easy impunity and leave her to bear the -blame,; yet Sissy was not dependent on his grandfather, and he was; there was tb^sting! His heart was acting too. . Even if he had Prior's Hurst, what would; it be to him without Sissy? There was. a doubt, far down in his soul, whether' she' had -not; touched the truth wh^pahe said they, were; not fitlor «ach other* and should not be happy, , tJnhappiness was possible there, but he was ready to run the,risk. For'was happiness possible elsewhere ? It did not seem so to PercivaL JHe had set his heart on Sissy:; she had given herself to him i agd:it wa^ only three weeks to their wedding day. It, was true that he had told her she was free, but if rfhe?icceptedthe' freedomthus granted, she mi foresworn.- - How many times had shft told him-tnaiahewM Ms for,ever! What should be do ? • 'He pondered many, lines of conduct, and at last came tothe some-- whfl feebleconclusion that if the next morning brdtight him no. news from - Brackenhill, he would write to or perhaps see Aunt Harriet, bat that forone day be would"drift. Percival had an uneasy, half satirical, consciousness that his grave meditations generally ended ina deter* mination to drift, a result which might have bead attained .without any meditation at all. He breakfasted, fightingall the time -against importunate thoughts not to he easily banished. He stood by the window, beating an impatient' tune-upon the panes. " By Jove, I can't stand it, and I wont,"* aaid Percival. "HI go somewhere (or the day." He walked to the nearest station, and happended to stud by a respectably dressed Vrlio was taking his ticket. "Third— SooUeigb," said the'min.' " Where on earth-is that ?" said Percival to himself. Tli go and see." He varied the the class, "One first—Rookleigh,"he said, and followed, the vodnnan to the Bookleigh train; - It was interesting—at least withan effort'he could fancy it was'interesting—to speculate what kind of place his destination znight be. " Sounds raral, n bereflected. B Oo^ht to be plenty of tree^androoksan they. Market? Perhaps. Inhabitants — say' about eight hundred and fifty-fthree—the thrfee has a business-like s about it. Occupation ? Agriculture and straw plaiting. .Church newly restored, no doubt, and the deluded parisheners think that it is a reaso for going to look at it." Rookleigh, when he reached it, proved to he a good- sized, sleepy, country town, which seemed to have trickled down the side of a gentle hill and crystallized on its way. At the bottom of th elope loitered the most placid of streams, with gardens and orchards on both sides. Most of the riversidehouses were red, solid, and respectable. Percival soon decided that the place was inappropriately named, as there was not a rook to be seen or heard. Its principal productions appeared to be poplars and pigeons. The result of his observations was that two householders out of three grew poplars, and three out of four kept pigeons. The tall trees quivering, and the white birds flying,against a background of unclouded blue, had a quaint, peaceful effect.. There was much house-leek growing on the steep red roofs, and a decrepit black dog lay dozing in the middle of the principal street. Percival strolled' about the town, and looked at the shop windows, till the time came when he could goto the Bed Lion for some luncheon. They gave him pigeon pie, at which he was not surprised; in fact he did not see how they could give him anything else, poplars being uneatable. He made his meal last as long as he could, and then studied the portraits of two or three country squires on their favourite hunters, for he had discovered that Bookleigh was a place from which it was not easy to escape. Failing a train at 1.5, which would have interfered with the pigeon pie, and left him with the afternoon on his hands, he could hot get away till 6.45. "A very good time too," hie said philosophically. " I shall get tadc todinner with an appetite." The resources of R«okIeign could not be said to be exhausted, while the Church, which was a litttehigher op the hill,'remained unvisited. A small boy undertook to fetch the clerk, who kept the key, and while hr was gone Percival sat on a large square , tomb,and wondered why its occupant, or occupant's friends, had chosen suefc a memorial, " There seems tobe a wish that each person's death should cause a sort of little wart on the earth's surface," he reflected. " Frpmthe Pyramids to those low green hillocks, I suppose it is all the same thing. Luckily , we •can't all have what we want, and Time interferes witij. the plops of those who do, or the face of creation would . be speckled with pur miserable little graventones, rdrather be put awayalto- -ijfc time oomee, - And have the ground, limooth over^'me; pti if my name ijuist be ^aagfed somewhexe, it might he on a bit of pavraeul.*—Th|» ,clerk :jappefixed, more out of breattithan seem«d^rap^r)ii ^ucha^et place "^^^^lowed hii^inio the Church,>^iich was spacjpa% and di% apd had-aonKthw of Cadedy^nTg^st^fepssabwB^t. old pleasant fluencyof vergers m much-frequented places. The boy who Sad been Percival's messenger amused himMlf with a little stone- * * rand the clerk, after *paftlder, stofe sdftiy tif ?paanoo upon It he fatQlbetiiaaeel. _ aSf^SBmaSmnS. with pewagi m m e^m^aeo, noticing the effect of a slanting ray of light. All at once he said to *""'>self, ' '' This is juist where I should stand if I were' ! going to be married " And in fancy ht? tried to people the empty chancel with the guests who should have | gathered for his wedding iu three weeks' time, jit was a dreary pastime in a dreary place. And when , he would have pictured Sissy standing by his side, to be hound to him for ever, he o could not recall her face ana form, with anything like their wonted clearness. No effort , would avail. Indeed, after' a prolonged endeavour it almost seemed as if he could call up nothing but, two frightened ejes, which gazed at him out of the still atmosphere of Bookleigh Church. He shivered, and bearing the old man's steps -behind him, broke .the < silence with the fir question which came to his lip9. " Do you. have many weddings here ?" "Not many. Not but what it's a finechurch for 'eiri. Plenty »t room you see, Sir." \- Thornp . nodded. " What makes your pavement so uneven ?" he asked. ' The other looked down. " Why, it's old Mr. IShailwell;' he's just under you, Sir. It's his vault. He was rector here, five-and- nftyyears ego. He was a great scholar, they say, and had 6ve cons, all parsons like himself." ' "All scholars too? And. all burned here? You must mind what you are about, or the ghosts of the reverend family will be astonished come day, by a wedding - party suddenly descending among them," said Percival, as he turned away. The ,old man pocketed his fee. "We'll be sure and have .it mended before yon come to b& married here, Sir," he called after his visitor, who passed out into the sunny glare. Where next ? A boat on that languid stream ? tTnhaj>pily people did notrowon BeokleighRiver, or y°uld not let their boats if they did. Percival had to content himself with a walk ald^g the bank.;.;' - '.' . " '• -"'-•".' i €oinin|' Jigfejc' lie tudted, struck. with a hpnpe on the opposite, shore. It was a large,' rathjer handsome r red tousei,, old, yet the perfection irf n^ktness !and repair—perhaps even »little too n. neat, like a fashionable middle^ued woman who is never' careless. ' Its. garden lay spread,, one uniform stingy slope, to the river's edge, and ended, not in possible inequalities of bank, biit in a neat low wall. Even now, when Jnne would soon dawn in its glory on the happy world, the house and garden suggested autumn to Percival and he stepped to wonder why. . He thought it might 'be partly the long straight path which ran dbwn the centre of. the slope, and which was of ipld gravel, .subdued in tint, and with a row of ~ier "apple-treea on either «tde. Perhajw too many apple vrees ,in~a garden do suggest autumn as soon as th^h- blossom is fallen. There is an idea' of lAylng frait away, of garnering a serriceable harvest.' . Bs'pali^^ too, are: not so. much trees, as -just that amiont of tree, which will give the hepessary apples for pies and puddings, ' as if one shOuld say toNature, " We do not like yobr heedless, unrestzained ways, and will'see no'more offfiemthanwecanbelp. "Ononeside of the honse jw^s trained a tree, but not for any ripe delight of'August peaches, though it took the sunniest' wall. A pear—Percival had. an unreasoning conviction that fhe< pears would be hard—probably requiring tobe baked or stewed. Nor wafi there"any weqlth of climbing roses in the garden, but, he could see chrysanthemums dotted at .intervals down'the long walk, with neat precision,a^d he was'sure that before they biloesomed the place would glow with the earlier splendour of dahlias. Also there were too many , DoWn. the central path came an old lady in slate-coloured silk, carefully, looking to right and left,' apparently removing an occasional snail, ot dead twig, or infused^leaf. Her dress listened in the sunlight, and.J^cival watched hier awhile frombetweien the hazel boughs, before he became aware that there was some one else in the garden. A cross path had its occupant, who came , and went behind the laurels and aucubas, with the unfailing regularity of a pendulum, . The leafy screen was too thick for Percival to do more than see that some one -passed .on the other side, but each time, as sh turned at the end toresume her walk, there wa a glimpse of a soft grey gown, and once—Barely once, for a moment—of a grey hat and'golden hair. Again, and again, and again, he eaoght the vanishing fold of her dress, but never agai that momentary vision. Certainly there were too many evergreens. Why did she walk there ? Swift though it the dreary regularity of pace told not of inclination bat of duty. Percival watched and grew impatient. " Why doesn't she come into the middle walk and help topick up snails ?" he said tohimself. " Anyone wool 4 who saw the poor old lady hunting about." The latter, who was vigorous aad alert, and was not so very old either, would not have been best pleased could she have heard his pity, and wha was worse, the wearer of the grey gown did not share it, forshe left the old lady to deal witfi the snails single-handed. Presently some people came along the footpath, and Percival, who did not choose to be canght watching, sauntered a little way to avoid ound them, laughing at himself forhis interest in the mysterous lady, as he went. " If I could have 'seen her I should not have given her a second n thought," he sail. He looked at his watch and was surprised to findthat it was past six. He turned and retraced his steps, for he was walking away from Bookleigh, and as he went by the ,, old red house, he looked once more at the e garden. Both the ladies had disappeared during his absence. Stupid!" said Percival. "If those people hadn't driven me away I should have seen her go. Now she will remain a mystery for ever." The mystery did not long retain possession of his thoughts. .As. he journeyed homeward he recollected that at that hour the evening before he had parted from Sisssy. There came a faint glow tonis olive cheek as he remembered how sh sprang to him, and -clung with her arms about his neck, and how he felt her tears and kisses o his face. -His heart kindled at the memory, an then grew dull, ' She was very sure of herself, or she had not dared," he thought. It was past nine when he stood at his own doo having stopped to get some dinner on his way. Hie could eat, in spite of all his perplexities. H was met by the announcement, "Two telegrams come foryou, Sir." A telegram is not the alarming fact it used t be, bnt to be told of two awaiting him quicken the pulses-of a man who seldom receives one. Thorne felt that something urgent had occurred He walked quietly into his room, turned up the gas, saw the envelopes on the table, stretched out his hand to the nearer of the two, hesitated, took up the other and tore it open. Godfrey Hammond, Brackenhill, Fordborough, to.Percival Thorne, Esq.—AU is over. You. coul not have been in time. Will meet first train at Fordborough to-morrow. His stood like a statue, but his brain reeled. " My God! She is dead!" he said at last. " I have killed her. And she wanted me, and I was not there." If suffering could expiate sin, that moment's agony should have cleansed his whole life. He did not think, he did not attempt .to -think, what had happened at Brackenhill. Sissy was, in his eyes, as delicate as a butterfly or a flower. A breath mi^ht kill her, and this telegram, with its H All is over," hardly seemed an unnatural ending to the passion, and terror,and hopeless renunciation of the night before. " All isjover," she bad said, and had torn herself from his arms. And what her sweet lips had uttered, the hateful paper echoed—"All is over"—and 1 lay there like incarnate fate. Percival lacked strength to open the other , message. What could it tell him that he did not know? He felt as if the unavailing summons which was ' imprisoned there would stab him to the heart. Out of that envelope would rashSissy's appeal to him, her last cry out of the blade night of'death, and no answer would be possible. He walked to and fro casting troubled glances at it. His pleasant familiar room suddenly became a hideoos torture chkmber, and a black pall had fallen over his life. ^ |At last he opened the second menage with "£ijgthat quivered like aspenrleaves. ' The pajper rusffod in his bands as he unfolded itand fead^- 1 '- - . Middltton, Brackenhill, to Permed'. \\}E*g.—Your grandfather it dangerously l [ Com <R once. ~ Do not lite a moment. ' flimgit'd0wn.ai>d faced the worlds a in more. It was not that hv was heartiest— that he did not care for the old Squire who was gpne. He felt the blow, but . this was a grief «ihich cattieOut- of the shadows into the light o common day. It was like waking from a deathlike swoon to the auguish of a wjuud. A night-, mare was tiaii^formed into a sorrow. CHAPTER XXX. Of a GOLDEN WEDnma". As the 9.15 train slackened speed at Fordborough Station, Percival looked out and saw Gpdfrey Hammond standing on the platform. It was exactly what be had anticipated, and. yet it gave him a little shock of surprise to see Godfrey just ts usual, in a light grey suit such as he often wore at Brackenhill, trim,. neat, alert, looking as if he had slept well, and break; at lasted well, ud watching the train with his. glass stuck in%is eye. Percival did not really., expect to see any outward signs of grief... It wu hardly probable that Hammond would i appear with his clothes rent, lamenting aloud, j and casting dust upon his head, yet his unchanged aspect startled the young man. Have , we'not all been startled in the same way by the want of sympathy between outward tilingsand onr inward joys and sorrows ? if, our, feelings change, do we _ not. straightway . want the universe made anew to our pattern ? Percival sprang ont, and suddenly came within the range of Hammond's eyeglass. A smile of recognition dawned on the other's face. "Ah, here you are!" he said. Perhaps there was a little more firmnessin his clasp, as be shook hands with the young man. "That's well. I Was considering what I should do if, yod didn't come. Only $bat bag? The carriage is. waiting." The stationmaster came up, touched bis hat, and made a remark. " Thank you," said Hammond. "As well as can be expected. Very sudden—yes—and very terrible. Are yod ready, Percival ?" The brougham was outside. " We ,sliall be by. ourselves," said Godfrey, who gen^lly preferred the dog-cart. A minute later- they were rolling smoothly along the road, which PercivaJ Ead travel Bed in such haste so short a time , iore. "I was out," said young Thorny abruptly. " I didn't get your' messages till between nine : and ten last night." "I said you were out," Hammond replied. It was quite as. well. You could not passibly have'been in time, and could hot have .done any good." "How—when did it happen?" "Yesterday morning,quite early, Iu;fact it was all over before the firsttelegram was sent. But when they awoke Mrs. Middleton with the news—in a/very foolish and; inconsiderate , manner, I fear—she absolutely refused to believe it, and they tell me .her first cry 'was ' Sen for Percival—Godfrey will want Per&ival.;['. She wrote the message to you herself, but, long before the man could have reach Fordborough ifithit, she must have known it was utteriy useless. In fact, after the first shock she rallied, and regained her , calmness and good sense in a most surprising way. She feds it terribly, but when I got there she was qnite herself." .'.•."... . But how was it?" said Percival. " When I left my grandfather on* Wednesday ,night he seemed quite welL" . " x "Ah, that's the sad part of it. It w&^ an accident." "s "An accident!" "Poison,"said Hammond. "An overdose of some opiate or other. - No—don't look so scarel. There is no possibility ef foul play. It is as clear as daylight." (What Godfrey said'was perfectly true. There was no. foul play, and the death was as mere an accident as u Mr. Thorne had killed himself by falling down stairs. It was not really more terrible that his hand should falter than that his foot should slip. But there is always something ghastly in the idea of poison, and Percival's heart seemed to stand still for a moment.) "He was late on Wednesday night," said Hammond. " He wrote a letter to Hardwicke and sent it to the post. After that he sat for a considerable time alone in the drawing- room e for Sissy was not well, and Mrs. Middleton was s with her. When he went upstairs Turner noticed that he was mote inclined to talk than usual. He said more than once that he had had a good deal of anxiety and trouble of late, but n that now he hoped all would be right. Just as he was lying down he remarked that he had written to Mr. Hardwicke, and should drive to Fordborough the next day to see him. Turner says that his answer was, ' Oh indeed, Sir, then I suppose Mr. Hardwicke is home again ?' and that Mr. Thorne sat up with a startled look on his face, and said,'Good God! is Hardwicke out?' The man was surprised, and told him that he had heard that Mr. Hardwicke had gone abroad somewhere, but he did not t know for certain. Mr. Thorne lay down, and told him he might go, but Turner, who has the next room, you know, says he does not' believe his master slept at all. . He could hear him tossing uneasily in his bed, till bieing tired he dropped off to sleep himself.He was awakened after a time by Mr. Thorne .Ctylinghim. ' I can' sleep,' he said, 'and I can't attoid to lose my night's rest, for I have something I must do tomorrow.' He told Turner to bring his little medicine-chest, and unlocked it with the key which hung with two or three others on his watch chain. Turner Was not surprised, as he occasionally took something of the kind, thongh not very often. He waited to carry it away again, but Mr. Thorne looked up with the bottle in his hand, and said the candle was too bright, and hurt his eyes, and that he could see better with only the lamp which burnt by his bedside. Turner was going to put it out when your grandfather added, 'Aid that dressing-room window rattles again—go and see if you can stop it.' He thinks he might have been five minutes at the window. When he looked back from the dressing-room door Mr. Thorne was lying down, e with his face turned away from the light. He was quite still, and Turner was afraid of disturbing him with the candle or his footsteps, so n d he did not go in, but went round by the passage to: his own room, and softly closed the door between the two. When he went in at about r, eight the next morning, Mr. Thorne lay in precisely the same attitude—dead." e ''How do they know it was ^ Percival began. o 11" Turner saw how much there was in the s bottle, and drew his own conclusions. The idiot needn't have rushed to announce them to . Mrs. Middleton, though. Your grandfather had lately been taking something for those heads chee of his, and the man's thieory is that in a fit of absence he poured out the same quantity of this I don't know, I'm sure, I'm not in the habit of taking poisons myself, and don't understand d, anything about them. I locked everything up, or the whole household would have had their fingers in the bottle." " There will be an inquest ?" " To-morrow. But there is no possible doubt as tothe result." Godfrey tookhis chin between his fingersand stroked it meditatively as he spoke. "I shall miss theold Squire," he said after a pause, with a weight of meaning in the staple words. "But, thank God, it must have been a painless death." " I suppose so," was Percival's reply. He was wondering, even while he acquiesced, whether there had been a moment, the merest lightning flashof time, during which the -old. man had been conscious of his blunder. If so, thdre had been a moment of suffering keener than death itself. And even if not—Where was ; he now? Did he know that his delay had ruined his favourite? Did he, even in a new life, feel a pang of impotent anguish at the' thought of what might have beta? "For he cares still," said Percival to himself. And his heart went fortb in deep tenderness towards Hie old man. " If you could only know,"he thought. "Duncan telegraphed to me on his own account," Hammond Went on, :u and sent the' message at the same time as the one to you,.onl ; -his was more accurate. I got it about an hoar before the train left., I always told—Ialways said that old Butler .was no fool—except about • wiie." "Sissy?" said PercivaL The other looked grave. "Sissy is not at Brackenhill. She was far from well, and we feared it would be too nioiih for her—the'in-* qutst.and funeral, and fill, . Laura Fakoflflt canu over yesterday afternooo^ and insirted dn aa takiag the poor child a*ay. 1 We persiuldedbee to go, ud when^he fcta&d; we reaUy thou^it it | was" best, I think-she was not altogether unwilling.* i f Percival knew, by his serse of relief, that he had dreaded a meeting with Sissy in that horrible house of death. - " Horace—is he back again " Yes, and Mrs. James too. If there were any conceivable piece of mischief that she c>uld have on hand, I should say she was plotting something. They have sent off telegrams with mysterious 6ecrecy, and they hold solemn councils in every corner. But as I can't see what thoy can be after, I suppose it is only Mrs i James Thorne's agreeable manner." j "Most likely," said Percival. , . " Young Henry Hardwicke came over yester- I ~ day with the letter. His father has gone to see ;about some French propeity, which a client-of ! his wants to sell. He was not certain about the j distance to the place, nor how long he would b there, so he only gave Henry his address at. a | Parisian hotel. We have written and telegraphed j there, andiiave despatched a message to him at 'his finaldestination as well as the ycung fellow ;aiid I could make it out, but I am not at all sur of it." "He haB not answered then? An awkward .'time for. him to be away.". : "Yes, but lie had an appointment with the jSquire for next week—I suppose to settle tilin . for you and Sissy. Your grandfather says [nothing in the note except that he is coming lover, and particularly wants to see Hardwicke (that day, and to look at his will." j Perrival sat for a moment in silent thought. ! This was the will which had been made before |he ever saw his grandfather, and which the old sman had been so anxious to alter. What was in lit.? It would not leave him Brackenhill, nor Prior's Hurst, not so much as an inch of land. [But was it possible that there would be nothing whatever for him? The Squire had not said that, and it did not seem probable that he would have altogether passed -over one who had done nothing tooffend him, .when he thought so much bf his family, and the Thornes were so few. {But Percival was constrained to own that it was boaeible. A couple of days earlier he had feared (dependence—now he feared beggary. ! " This will, put off your marriage," said Hamknond suddenly. ' " Yes," said Percival, still absorbed in thought but a moment later he turned and looked at Godfrey. ' , I u No it woht," he said;' " There is no marriage to be put off. Look here,'Godfrey, the pay may come that I shall ask_you to remember when it was I, told jrou this." Sissy and 1 parted for ever before my grandfather's deali—do you understand ? ' A-unt Hairiet can bear witness to that. It was on Wednesday night. Wo thought it was best.. If anyone was to blame It was I. d It is 'all over, really and finally. At this present . moment Sissy no' doubt believes that I am the . master of Brackenhill. Knowing what she :new, and being well aware that my grand- had no time to change anything after his !ather talk with ine; she can hardly think otherwise. But the Fordborough gossips will say she threw . me over because I was poor. . You must contradict that " . < : Hammond looked fixedlyat him. ( Ah!" he said. " But will-yoube poor ?" ; " Horace will have Brackenhill." " Horace "hardly thinks so." ! " He will. At least, unless there is some -fla in the will, which is not likely, as Hardwicke made it. • Even then I should not dispute his cjlaim. You had better not say anything' to hit?, perhaps, till the will is read; but I know . how i+. must be." "Wei?." said Hammond, "suppose Horace does have TJrackenhill • and perhaps he has the best right—May I say so ?" " I say so." " " Your grandfather could still provide for you so that you would not be poor in any terrible sense of the word. Perhaps you may even be in easier circumstances than Horace, who will have that great house to keep up." " Had my grandfather lived another day he would have provided for me," Percival replied. " As it is, the will that Hardwicke will produce is an old one,.made five or six years since, bt fore I ever set foot in Brackenhill." Hammond was startled. " You don't mean it! You'll come badly off in that, my poor fallow," he said. " What, had he never altered his will? It is incredible—at his age! What f o! ly, or " "No," Percival intertupted. "Don't say a word against him. Suppose he should be able to hear us!" he said,- with a half smile at the faLcy—a smile which ended in a sigh. " I wiah he could; I should like to tell him something " They were turning in at the gate. The old woman who opened it caught sight of Percival, and curtsied reverentially, mistaking a meteor for the rising sun. The young man answered with an absent nod. " I only tell you this, that you may stand up for Sissy," he said, as they went up the drive. i"That I will, if needful," his companion replied. "But Tm sorry to hear this. Perhaps, after all, there may be no opportunity for any gossip. Are you quite sure " " That it's all over ? Yes," said Percival. 