QUEENSLAND. .Brisbane, Wednesday. The opening of the railway extension to Comet was celebrated by' a great I banquet to 500 workmen, who 'have been employed on the line. Mr Ballard,, cliief engineer," who superintended "the construc tion of the line, presided ; and the Minister I of Works was nrfiSAnt. I The report of the discovery of gold" at King River is without foundation. 1 Careless Use "of Fire. — The careless use of fire lias been so often written upon, that it would appear as if familiarity bred contempt. We have seen sailors smoking on the top of casks containing powder. In manufactories of pyrotecnics, employers and employed become I quite careless whilst handling the dangerously explosive ingredients of their trade, ' but the I subject is well worn and trite. New genera tions continuously arise that ignore the I example of the past, and are only to be taught by oftentimes dearly bought experience. At a farm on the King River belonging to Mr G. H: "Brown, of Oxley, some 15 acres of wheat I had been threshed, the crop being a heavy one, averaging some 34 bnshels per acre. The" straw stack was securely fenced off, so as to have feed for the stock during the winter, and some of the chaff from last year's threshing had been placed in a hollow in the swamp adjacent, | and as the water rested upon it, a disagreeable taste was given to the water in the swamp as well as in the creek below it. To obviate this, Mr Brown set fire to the new as well as to the' old chaff, and to some dried rushes that grew luxuriantly around the waterhole. Having watched the burning ; mass, and with a broad board dragged in all straggling straws, rushes, or particles of chaff into the hole, he returned to his home, which was some miles distant. The next day, Wednesday, being in Wangaratta, he heard that his stack had been burned on the Tuesday night, and having visited the scene of the fire, he perceived it must have slumbered in the mass, and some portion of it caught the I sun-dried stubble, and by that means was con veyed to the straw stack. We trust that j farmers, as well as farm laborers and travellers, will use every precaution both with their engines and exposed fires. An excellent ser- I vant is fire, and for restoring it to earthy wc have Prometheus chained to Mount Caucasus by angry Jove. The Titan who discovered its use or restored it to man, deserves well of humanity. Yet like all other blessings, its abuse leads to ills innumerable, therefore, once more we raise our warning voice against the careless use of fire. 1 Three Mile Creek Annual Pic-nic. —A public meeting, in connection with the annual pw-nie, was held in the Public Library on Thursday evening, and was more largely attended than we have ever remembered to I have seen before on a similar occasion. Mr I Robert Rae aeted as Chairman, and expressed his pleasure at seeing so large and repre sentative a gathering, in spite of the hard times. The collectors, who had been for the last day or two scouring the district— Misses; Ellen, Rankin, Lock, and Pnnd — having sub mitted their report, which was of a most.' satisfactory character, it was moved by Mr Brady, and seconded by Mr Gillies, .that the pic-nie take place on the 18th March, in itbs usual plaoe, and that it be carried ont ia 'the usual way. Phis was carried unanimously.; ' 1 and the customary committees having been I appointed, the aieetiug terminated, all being fally determined to make the pic-nic of 1878, j if possible, a greater success than any of its' predecessors. County Court. — Mr J. G. McKenny has been gazetted bailiff of the Goapty Court at Sheppartotf< | Suicide. — Late last evening the distressing intelligence", was brought into Beechworth that Mr David Lorimer, , member of the Mining Board, and one of the oldest and most respected residents in the Stanley dis trict, had committed suicide by hanging. From what we could learn, Mi Lorimer, who has been in a despondent state for some time, remained at home, at Europa Gully, while his wife went to some sccial gatthering. On her return she asked the children where their father was, and was informed he had gone put to the fowl-house. She went and horrified to find his body suspended by a rope front; the rafters. He was quite dead. An inquest will be held this morning. The sad event so unexpected, has cast a gloom over the whole district, as few mett were more highly respected than David Lorimer. General Sessions. — The Moyhu horse stealing case, after occupying the attention of the Court for over seventeen hours, was con cluded shortly before midnight on Saturday, the jury being unable to agree. We believe that all were agreed to acquit Studders, but for the ether three prisoners there were nine for a conviction, and three for an acquittal. The case was conducted with great attention, and although it occupied a long time, it was no longer than what its importance warranted. Mr J. T. Smith conducted the prosecution most ably and fairly, whilst on the other side the bar was strongly represented. Mr Bow man was quite in his old form; clear, insisive, lawyer like, and his speech in defence of his client was most masterly, making us more than ever regret that such a man is lost to the Bench, of which he was a decided ornament. Mr F. Brown as he always is, was painstaking conscientious, and displayed a thorough knowledge of his work. Mr O'Leary was also good, his speech to the jury being well considered, effective and telling. MrPitcairn made his maiden appearance, and seconded well the efforts of his seniors State School, Three Mile. — We are pleased to note the efficiency and progress of this school, from time to time, which reflect no small credit on the head teacher and his assistants, and have learned that at the late examination, Miss Louisa Pund and Miss Louisa Lack succeeded in obtaining licenses to teach. Three pupils were presented at that examination from this school, and all passed successfully. The Electorate of Benambra. — In view of an approaching dissolution, Mr J. J. JB. Bowman has determined to offer himself as a candidate for Benambra. In a preliminary address which appears in auother column, Mr Bowman announces his opinions on two great principles at present greatly exercising men's minds. He is a Freetrader, and is j thoroughly opposed to payment of members. At present Benambra is represented by a nonentity in the person of Mr Peter Wright, an avowed Protectionist, a follower of Graham Berry, and a man who does not attend to . his duty, though we seriously doubt his capacity to do it if he tried. Mr Bowman is a gentleman, a scholar, and a man of mark; and if the electors of Benam bra are alive to their best interests, they will not hesitate a moment in choosing between a statesman and a nobody. Mail Tenders. — Tenders ara called for the conveyance of mails for one or three years, from 1st July, 1878, to 30th June, 1879, or 30th June, 1881, to be sent in to the Post master-General by noon of Tuesday, 2nd April. Full partfcnlars appear in Saturday's issue. Dispute.— Adispate,ifcappears, has recently arisen regarding some water rights between Collins and party and the farmers of Bowman's Forest, and the latter are requested to attend a public meeting on th6 subject, to bo held at the school-room on Thursday evening. I Stamps.— W. Dyring, at Tallangatta ; and A. McGee, at Dookie, have been appointed distributors of stamps, Customs Offices.— Mr Jas. Fitzjohn, Forest ranger at Stanley, has also been appointed officer of Customs. All About a Pig.— —Lord Rosebery has j scandalized the unco guid of Glasgow the Lord. Provost, Mr J. Bain, having publicly annonnced, after prayer by the Rev. Dr Jamiesod, that " he felt ashamed of the noble Lord." It seems that Lord Rosebery, having I occasion in his capacity of a clever ami popular young peer to open a bazaar at I Linlithgow for the benefit of a church organ fund, undertook to enliven the ceremony by I telling a tale of a " minister and a pig, in which there was really a charge of downright dishonesty against the clergyman." The I substance of this pig history seems to have been that there was once upon a time a bazaar where £76 worth of half-crown tickets was taken for an alleged die. but that although the pig was alleged, it was never produced. The story, as any one who has ever attended a charity fair will freely admit, is not absolutely improbable, and the stern measure meted out to Lord Rosebery by the I Worthy Lord Provost of Glasgow will he apt, we fear, to remind the populations of Southern Britain of the assertion that nobody but a surgeon with his ease of instruments about him need hope to make a hit with a joke in the Land o' Cakes. Bee Keeping, — Mr Richardson informs the Hobart Town Mercury that Mr W. Jenkins, a prosperous settler on the Dee ltiver (New Country), has 60 hives of bees, large and small. All the hives are made out of gin cases, and the average weight of honey in each is 1701b. One large hive contains five swarms. This mass of bees were all hived at once, and the bees measured, while hanging in a cluster, 4ft. long, and were 18in. thick. This single hive weighs a quarter of a ton. Mr Jenkins started bee-rearing 12 years ago, and since that time has never destroyed a single hive of bees. He loses more swarms' in the bush than he takes, and a short time ago over 20 hives capsized, the snpport (an old slab hut) not being sufficient to bear I the great weight of honey which had accumulated. At the present time Mr Jenkins can take up five tons of honey, which at 4d per lb. would realise about £170. And reckoning the beeswax at Is per lb. would bring the value of these bees up to quite £200. The whole of the honey is collected from the bush, and is of excellent quality. EoW The Bosh is Sometimes Set on Fire. —It is a matter of surprise to some people (remarks the Forbes Times) how bush fires originate, and the "glass bottle" theory is oftener repudiated than believed as to being the oaase of the mischief. Here is a case, however, which seams to confirm it. A few- days ago, as Mr J. E. Jenes, in company with some others, were riding across a plain en the Walla Walla run, i a fire was seen to start suddenly about the centre of the plain. It was the hottest part of the day, and the at tention of the horsemen had been attracted by the intense glare of heat which seemed' to rise out of the ground as far as they could see. Not a vestige of either flame or smoke was visible before, but all at once the grass was alight and spreading rapidly. The party gal loped up as fast as their horses could carry them, and for want of. boshes commencod to beat the fire ont ;with their saddle-cloths. Fortunately, thoy succeeded in extinguishing it, and then, as they looked over the little black patch, found what they reasonably took to be the cause of the:miBchief— a white glaeB bottle, lying right in the centre of where the fire originated. : ' - 1 The Bight Tune.— A showman travelling in Illinois, with a panorama of seenes from the Bible, met a Yankee, and, on learning that he could play a piano, engaged " him to play appropriate selections after each picture at his shotf that night, j The curtain rqse, re- vealing-The Setam of the Prodigal Son," upon which the player streak up "When Johnpy comes Maccbijng Heme !" The effect produced was wonderful. Consider yourself engaged to travel with me," 'said the ¦show man. "Yea draw better than the pictures." . Pert, the Sorrows ob- a Poor Oua.u.v — The <Oolac Times remarks that the Gover- ner laments that he is the " one man in the «ok»ny wfao moist not explain or.defend him self," while-he has three times in five weeks done eo — ©raRy «t Portland, at Hamilton, and at Ballarsf, to sty nothkjg of three or four communications with the Legislative Council, in which ihxtkwdy has been snubbed persistently, i The " Age" Advertisements — A large meeting of the council of the, Reform and Protection Leage took place on Monday says, the Age, at the Reform Club Hotel, and the following, resolutions were put and carried unanimously : — . Moved by Mr Dixon, seconded by Mr Fisher—' That a sub com mittee be appointed to divide the city and suburbs into districts so that a thorough can vass may be made in order to being f j>rth advertisements for The Age newspaper, and thereby neutralise the singular combinatiou recently entered into by the so called ' law and order' party to withdraw all. advertise ments emanating from the merchants aad traders (forming that political section pf the community) from a paper with nearly treble the circulation of the Argus.?1 Mr Barrett moved, and Mr Wilson' seconded : — " That a circular be addressed to all the secretaries of friendly, benefit and trade societies, ealling upon them to make use of the Age in preference to the other Melbourne morning papers as the medium for their advertise ments " Mr Staff moved, and Mr Dale seconded : — " That all manufacturers and tradesmen who approve of the efforts which the Age has made, and is still making, in their interests and the interests of the whole Liberal party, be requested to withdraw their advertisements from the Argus and insert them iu the Age." Mr Dale moved, and Mr Stutt seconded — "That all Liberal elec tors be urged to suppost their own cause by ceasing to deal with those tradesmen wlio make use of the Argus as au adverting medium." Mr M'Burnie moved, and Mr Mirams seconded—" That the Government be invited to withdraw the whole of the | Government advertisements throughout the colonj- as we thoroughly disapprove of the spending of the peoples money for the subsi dising of newspapers systematically employed in thwarting the people's interests " Before the meeting closed a sub-eommittee was appointed to draw up a report, setting forth the desirability of the Government under taking the establishment of a national bank. After the transaction of some minor business the meeting broke up. The British Army and Navy. — The follow ing information respecting the strengih of the navies of the various European powers is given iHtne ".Engineering" of 21st December, 1877 :— "England has 152 active vessels aud 350 in reserve, 60,000 sailors with 3000 officers, and 15,000 marines with 326. officers, and 10 monster ironclads. France has 115 active vessels and 78 in reserve, 43,000 sailors with 1800 officers, and 16,000 marines with 780 officers, 3 monster ironclads and 9 smaller coast boats. Germany has 61 active vessels and 48 in reserve, 8000 sailors and marines with 500 officers, aud 3 ironclads. Russia has 15S active vessels, mostly small, 60,000 sailors with 2000 officers, only one-third serving on board ship, and.l monster ironclad. I Austria has 63 active vessels, 7000 sailors with 500 officers. Italy has 65 active vessels, 12,000 sailors with 425 officers, and 3000 marines with llo officers, and 2 monster ironolad3, the largest in existence, carrying 8 100-ton gnns. Turkey has 57 active vessels and 28 in reserve, 36,000 sailers and marines with 1000 officers, and 7 ironclads. Spam has 128 active vessels, 21,000 sailors 'and marines with officers, and 3 small irone!ads. Greece has 21 active vessels, aud 7000 sailors and marines. Denmark 33 activo vessels, 10,000 sailors and marines. Holland, 87 active vessels, 12,000 sailors and marines. High authorities in Great Britain have re cently assured the public that the British army was never in such a high state of efficiency as at present. An army of 80,000 men can be despatched at once to any part of the world without leaving Great Britaiu undefended. When we remember that 15,000 men were all that could be sent at first to the Crimea, after the most strenuons exer tions, it will be seen what an advance Loo been made. In efficiency equal progress has been made. The total number of the British regular troops is 133,000 ; the army reserve upwards of 40,000 ; militia, 135,000 ; volun teers nearly 200,000 ; amounting altogether to more than 500,000 men. As the Indian | army might also be drawn upoa, it may be mentioned tnat the Imperial army and the frontier police number nearly 400,000, of which 60,000 are British, aud 'iu addition the native princes under British snzeranity have forces estimated at 300,000. Thus the ' total military forces of the British Empire : reach upon paper to the enormons total of 1,200 000 men. Curious Ghost Story.— The Moama cor respondent of the Riverine Herald sends the following particulars of a ghostly sensation near the border town:— "About ten miles from Moama, on the east side of the line, stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark- ringers. These men aver that about a fort night ago they were disturbed bv knar-kin « on the iron roof, and upon gettiug up, they saw the figure of a women, when one among their number pHt the question, « What do you want, Missus?' to which the figure re plied that she had been murdered near the spot, and that the bones of herself and infant would be fouud towards the end of the hut, where they where placed fourteen years ago by Morgan, tlie bushranger. One of the party, who possessed a whip, made a strike at the figure, which aid notmove. The following dav tiie nsws spread, and the next night a large party assembled, when the apparition again made its appearance, and the whole of these persons swear most distinctly that they saw the figure of a woman, and nothing can in- I duce them to think otherwise. Last night a detachment of the Moama police, under the command of Sergeant Vaughan, went out I to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt if any person had' been ' playing larks' he would have received a little cold lead. Upon the return of one of the police, I ascertained that while in the house a terrific noise was made on the roof like the sound of a heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the house but could see nothing. The noise was repeated several times, and many of the party, amongst whom were men supposed to be possessed of courage, seemed very glad on the approach of grey- dawn. The mystery, however, remains the same, and another party is to be organised, I who, together with the police, intend to go out again and try and clear up the mystery. I The men who were living in the hut have left it and gone and camped near a dam. It seems remarkable that thirty men should become alarmed, and positively aver that there is something in it." Ratheh Warm ! — The Melbourne rtorrpa- I pondent of the Camperdown Chronicle con tributes the following : — « You recollect the allegation made by Mr Munro in the Assembly, that a conspicuous member of the Upper House had told the Governor in private conversation that the Ministry would ruin him, if he trusted to them, as they ruiued Sir Charles Darling. Well Sir W. F Mitchell took this to himself, and denied the allegation point-blank in the Council. Then < the President wrote to the Governor, asking him if had authorised such a statement. His i Excellency replied in the affirmative, naming Sir Hercules Robinson as liis authority The President wrote to Sir Hercules, demanding confirmation of the story. Sir Hercules answered by denying that he ever said any thing of the kind to anybody. The President sends this letter to Sir George Bowen. Sir j George returns it, declining further corres- pondenee. The President then sent the wnoie correspondence home to the Secretary or State. Such" are the facts as I have re ceived them on the very best authority." Rvssian Atrocities at Ears.— The Erze rouin correspondent of the Daily Telegraph writes, under date 29th December:— "I have just seen in the Stafford .house Hospital a man who told me that he was one of a party of thirty, amongst the 2,000 wounded men whom the Russians forced to leave Ears. Only ten out of the thirty reached Erzeroum alive the I rest died on the road, their sufferings being extreme. This poor man is horribly frost bitten, , and otherwise severely injured by the I cold.,. ( There are. I find, 350 of ikes nnni« I creatures here ; their lives have been saved it is true, but nearly all have lost thear toes'by «F9 vf1S<rd' bel5eved that 2,700 out or 2,000 of those driven out of Ears by the Ivussianshave- didd. -It appears that they! begged to be allowed to remain, hut the Muscovs were deaf to their entreaties, and compelled them to push forward, regardless of j their appeals for mercy. j Hydrophobia. — A writer in the Lancet says : — " Apropos of hydrophobia, will yeu permit me to relate a fact — one which cer tainly ' adorns a tale,' and I think, ' points a moral ?' A few years ago, a lady of the highest distinction was bitten between the first and second knuckles of one of her fingers — I forget which, except that it was the left baud — by a favourite fox-terrier. She had just dressed for dinner, aDd for the moment she thought nothing of it. At dinner a dread came over her. There were guests, however. At the first convenient moment she with drew. The poker was heated to a white heat, and, upon her maid refusing to be the operator, she herself (the maid steadying the knob) with the point, thoroughly seared she bite. She sent for me the next morning. She did not like to disturb me so late ; be sides time was everything.' I said to her, ' You are indeed brave. I never heard of such a case but once, and that was in'fiction. The little dog is quite healthy, aud that mark you will carry to your grave.' 'Yes, hut I 'am quite safe now, am, I not? and (her husband, who was away yachting) will be satisfied.' I little dreamed then, that in a year or two her beautiful, noble, useful life would be ended, and ended in a way little less sad than the death she so bravely secured herself against. I send you, in confidence, the name of the lady, and, believing as I do, that . immediate and thorough cutting or burning out of the bite is the only sure pre ventive of hydrophobia, and I think it likely that a case ' in real 'life' may tend to en courage others to adopt even if there is a doubt — measures which are no less necessary than they are unfortunately alarming." The "Vulgar Check. — Playing with edged tools is a dangerous game, and when the Berry party set au example of . gagging the press, by withholding the Government adver tisements from the Daily Telegraph, because that journal happened to be obnoxious to them, they do not seem to have anticipated that reprisals would be made upon the lead ing organ of their own side of politics. By the following extract from the leading columns of the Age, it would seem that the boomerang has recoiled At the present moment the Age is the object of solicitous attention on the part of a small section of the community who are smarting under their defeat at West Melbourne. On the present occasion we are to be crushed, not by denun ciations from the altar, -or secret cl»rical circulars, intimidating our subscribers, hut we are to be attacked through our advertising columns. An organisation is in existence", whose sole object it is to deprive this journal j of its advertising support. From day to day the advertising columns of the Age are I greedily scanned by a select committee, and those persons who have the audacity to send their business announcements to this journal I are solicited by a personal canvass to with- draw them. But they have riot stopped here I When solicitation has failed in its object, I they have not scrupled to resort to intimi dation." Girls' Conversation.— Why is it that gentlemen nave such a poor opinion of yonn" girls ? As a rule, they think them very plea sant to pass tin hour with, provided the girls let them make as many foolish speeches as they like, and repay them with interest. And who is to blame for that? Surely, not the girls. Their greatest ambition in life is to be loved by and become the wife of some goo .1 man, and say what you will, it is a noble ono. j With this end in view, it is, of course, natural that a desire to please the lords of creaiioa should be uppermost in a girl's mind. If men will not be interested when you talk sense, what can you do but talk nonsense ? Men complain that girls have nothing to talk about, except their last flirtation, balls and parties, yet, if they converse with them for au hoar upon philosophy, metaphysics, or even the last new hook,' you are hored, called a poor girl who has worried her brains for your entertainment. Women were mudo tn ntn.i.. I 1 IWwOUj not to lecture one like a trained professor, aud wonder what she did it for. No, no.' What is it you want ? If you were to lay down your rules, there is not one girl in a thousand but would gladly obey them, ridicu lous as thoy would surely he. Try it and see. If you have a lady friend whom you oould like so much if it wero not for this or for that I little fault, tell her so, aad if she cares any thing for you she will correct it. Treat women more like human beings than dolls, and then prophesy a speedy change for the better. Reinstated. — A credible rumour is current I says the Argus , that six of the dismissed police magistrates are to be reinstate! this week, and amongst the names of those to be re-appointed that of Mr Call, for Melbourne is mentioned with certainty. It is further stated that the Government intend to enlarge I I the staff to the number of 12, and if this be correct , three additional appointments will) have to be made. It seems that the Govern ment are at length beginning to discover they have made a mistake, in entrusting nrnfpi. sional work to amatenrs. I Animal Life — Reptiles attain surprising ages. Probably, the tortoise may be con sidered the patriarch; most probably it can live 175 years. The reason of its extraordi nary lease is threefold — it spends its life in comparative inactivity, it has no excitable nervous system to wear it out, and it grows so slowly that in 20 years an increase of a few inches is all that can be detected. In warm latitudes it , reaches an enormonq <sGp hut its immense bulk and long lease were probably far exceeded by the great fossil lestudinata of the Himalayas. The crocodile and the larger serpents also grow slowly, aud I live long; and in India several castes worship toe serpent, and invest him with immortality. The toad and frog, which seem to us so alike in. many points, differ in their longevity; the toad lasts 36 years, while the frog reaches | 0 , y I6- .Insects hold the briefest lease of all, especially after their last transformation, borne, as the Ephemera, after acquiring their wings live only for the remainder of that one day. Some species exist two, three, or four years m the grub state, then a considerable time in the chrysalis, and a very short period in the winged state. Scarcely a single gnat survives a week; not half the beetles, nor any of the grasshoppers enter on a second month. A fortnight is the greatest extent of life for almost every kind of butterfly and moth. The longest living insect is that bril liant beetle, the rosechaffer, the only one too that feeds upon the flower, whence it derives its English name. This creature, as also the mantis. religiose, or praying cricket, is said to attain a full octave. All the diversities in animal life are clearly referable to two great causes— size and energy; and these aregreatlv dependent on surrounding Dhvsical mnriitim; In Lapland, the men seldom exceed four feet in height; everything, man, beast, and vege table, are alike stunted and dwarfed w intense cold.— The Educational Guide!" San Francisco Underground Dance I Cellars.— The underground dance halls in" this city are better known as " dives." It is in these deadfalls where the unsophisticated J youth from ths sage-brush aud the unsuspect- ing stranger to the metropolis are enticed and fleeced To visit these hot beds of vice and im- morality is to behold one of the worst phi l f San Francisco life. They are the popular reEort of men of the worst class and boys who are known as « hoodlums." In them are to be found lewd women, as many as twenty at a time in one dive, and the j oungest, girls not Zr,lltyeTu of age There is an ordinance prohibiting the selling of liquors by females yet m these dives it is defied. The vilest of Deer and the most villainous of whisky — re- f i AT11. 3Ulce" as some call it. are freely sold by these abandoned females Card play mg is carried on and the victims are many j who loose their last dollar. When the com mand is given, « take your partners," and the music stirkes up, then the scene becomes not . . a bedlam, but perfectly disgraceful to a civilized community. Every niaht / dives are tolerated bv toe on- r> . . e San Francisco Correspondent Boston Journal. wuux at .Liast. — The wife of . „ farmer in Aberdeenshire h5£o f 4 T11 confined to her bed before thetor last moment approached, the > the side of her bed. One a,s & bSh b7 dark condition, she e <®t henin this an inco thing t1 >faed J " 0h> lsna oae lich to see to a body can 8et instantly rose li-X The husband it forward haf?Ied adIe» and> bringing said - "There ir a Dottom of the bed, J,'Jere 1 A>ee aoo 1" 