NOTSS Off GIJEEENT EVENTS Pastor Allen is sot eatisfled with the reports woich appeared in the Herald al the disgraceful scenes in fiyde Park on Sunday afternoon. He is absolutely Jooging for martyrdom, and it is grievous to his soul to be denied even the credit vi tmuunng s lew oiows lor cue gooa cause. Twice was he 'torn down,' and worse still, bis valuable umbrella was destroyed in tbe ntelee. 'Jtbis stalwart defender of Protestantism is persuaded that arrangements have been made to kill him by his irate antagonists. He believes that, while he lives, tbe Papacy trembles, and that the Kiama ghost is still at large. We are disposed to accept with all possible seriousness the state ment that the reverend gentleman's death bas been compassed, and we are compelled to believe that au organised attempt is being made to silence his preaching in the public parks. Such treat ment of a would-be martyr deserves severe con demnation; but what istne justification for it? Pastor Allen tells us bis sermons are composed of extracts from the Herald intermingled with passages of scripture I Tub scripture may be ex citing, but assuredly the Herald extracts would not set the ' 1'apist heart ' on fire. Moreover, the reverend orator asserts that he has ' been asked every week far the last three or four years, by one thousand respectable ladies and gentlemen,' to continue bis services! However astounding this statement may be, we confess we cannot see suf ficieutgroimd x'or tue belief of many respectableper sons that Pastor Allen is a Jesuit in disguise. Under tliesecucumstancesitwould ha wisefcr our Catholic fellow- citizens to give the Pastor and his thousand 'ladies and gentlemen'a wide berth. Attliesame time we would suggest to that zealous thousand, that religious courtesy is the crown of religious liberty, and that they will do well to air their sectarian animosities in their own churches, where the most extreme controversial statements cannot justly offend the susceptibilities ol' their fellow citizens. Mr. Hurley, of Hartley, lias a notice on the paper for this afternoon, in favour of opening the Museum and Free Library on 'the Sabbath day.' Objec tion might be taken at this wording, for it cuts away a portion of the arguments urged in favour of the opening of institutions on tbe Sunday. In almost all languages, except English, the Sabbath day means Saturday, and many fairly orthodox people decline to identify the Christian ' Lord's Day' with the strict rules of the Jewish Sabbath. Be that as it may, the practical arguments in favour of providing people with the means of spending tha Sunday ia an intellectual manner are overpowering. Too often tho day of rest becomes a curse instead of a blessing through tbe insensate dawdling about that invariably leads to bad temper. Even the best of people cannot spend all their time in reli gious worship, and very few can be persuaded to read devotional works all day long. What is required is that people should learn to tako a human interest in something beyond their petty daily avocations, and assuredly in the con templation of the marvels of science or the works of the great minds o£ the past, they are more likely to liavo their thoughts raised to 'the Giver of every good and perfect gift' than in sullenly smoking their pipes in tlieir back yards. Moral and religious teachers too often Ioeo ialf their power because they obstinately re fuse to Tecognise the varied influences that tend to elevate tne uuman soul. Would that we had not only museums, wiere weary workers can revel in the wonders of nature, and libraries where they can reverently bow ia the presence of the inspired snges of every age, but also galleries of noble statuary and glowing pictures, tliat, in Spencer's beautiful words— ' Witil tile story of so poodly sight, The Leans uf men that fondly here admire. Fair seeming shews might lift tbcmsclves ilp kigucr. Andleamto love, with zealous nmnklc duty. The eternal fountain of tnat heaven^* beauty.' The London University bas made a remarkable change in its constitution by admitting ladies to all its degrees. This is one of the most important results of the moveiuoutfortue higher cJucaiiou of, women, which ought not to be confounded with tho womens' rights agitation, which looks to the possession nf the suffrage as the cure for nil earthly ills. There can be no doubt that the fair sex has been, very uujustly treated with regard to educational endowments. Many oE thu large grammar schools were founded for poor children without regard to sex, but the grasping males have pushed the unprotected lernules to the -wall, and have monopolised the gifts of ' pious an cestors.' The consequenco bas been tbat there have been no standards to keep girls schools up to the mark, and there has perhaps never beon so much folly crammed together in young ladies' education in inferior private schools. The mis tresses did not enter upon school teaching because they were adapted for it, but because they had no other means of earning a livlihood unless they descended in the social scale and became seamstresses. The school-books often were a mere mass of twaddle, aud the young ladies .'eft those charming academies with less mental power than ?they entered them ; but they could dasce, strum a certain number of tunes, aud draw a cottage on a piece of tinted paper. Unfortunately this species of school is not extinct, al though it is rapidly becoming discredited. High schools for girls, Indies' colleges, Cambridge and London examinations, lectures for ladies, have created a new standard of efficiency. It has at length dawned upon people that a teacher must herself first be taught, and that it is no sign of ability to educate children that this person is an amiable widow, or that a long suffering old maid. Tho value of a University degree is, that itoffords a guarantee that the recipient is well-informed. London University is simply an examining board, and a8 it does not require lesideuce or attendance at a college, there ave none of thu objections, which are urged with some force against mixed educa tion. Tho Victorian returns for 1877 reveal a steady increase of population, but yet a remarkable fall ing off in the number of births. There are 2000 fewer births in 1S77 than in 1S73, although the population bas increased by 70,000 persons. The, small amount of immigration might account for 'i decrease of the proportion of births to populatio n., but it shedsnohgliton the absolute decrease. Thi's fact is, of course, the natural result of the decrease in the n&siber; of marriages, pointed out a few months since by IJr. Balls-Headley is the Melbourne Jieiiew. The »jar Tiage rate is always held to be a faithful incVos of the prosperity of a country, and it has been sj-guad that this falling off in the number of marriages is the result of the diminished prosperity of Victoria since she fairly plunged into the mire of protec tion. This may be true to a certain extenf;,'but yet there is no doubt that although VicVciria bos not progressed cf late years a,'3 New South wales, ehe has been bler^d -with a measure of prosperity that would, 'be highly satisfactory in Europe. Some further '^cplanatiim, therefore is needed, and it is probably to be found in the fact that the men, who uave pdured out of Victoria into the neighbouring cq'ionies, have been the young and vigorous, or tie.' marriageable men. Tho mines of Kew Zealand av.d Queensland, and the lands of New South Wales., have offered far more attractions to enterprising k; jirits than were to be found within the eompiuvatively narrow boundaries of the southern colony. This is not a satisfactory conclusion for Victoria, but it is a natural result- of the competition for population among the eparcely populated colonies of Austra lasia. 