D I F F E R I N G HORSE DOCTORS. doctors do hot. only„pccur nmongst thbse who lore human "beings/ but that , the same 3)y I.SjhB'". humbler brethren of the' veterinary jWc ba,ve recently been , these de^Mp^^dr^'Mme time there -has raged m S^ Tdiibrict a disease amongst horses, of A nature hitherto unknown to the fanners and breMers. In pursuit of information , on . the subject —VJ»nppeneft'in^ Sll-wLvised moment »<>' Mt-epfc Jnwiir 4 farmer a version of the different opinions given by the persons who had been called to treat the disease—Messrs MISCAMBLE, VINCENT, ELLIS, and BBAITHWAITE. It appears we trod upon a hornets' nest. The flatter amongst the " vets." is fully equal to that-in the Collins-street dovecote when rival practitioners have a chance to maul each others professional reputatien. First we have one gentleman writing to us to declare the disease to be of a most mysterious character. It " flies through the air similar, to cholera " or ifever amongst Christians." Having performed this act of levitatioh it "begins in the stomach and proceeds "to the kidneys and muscles," and then the equine patient dies—that is unless a skilled practitioner is called in. Mr BBAITHWAITE appears to be such a skilled doctor, for he tells us he has treated forty horses, none of which has died—-he says the .disease has its origm in the stomach, bat as he states it. is not infectious he differs from Mr ELLIS about it 'flying through the oir. Mr VINCENT is this next witness on the stand to objeict to our taking his name in vain and to throw a light on the stockowner's trouble. He treated for Mr SAVAGE a horse that, in . his opinion, died " of pleuro-pneumonia^ and as Mr SAVAGE had four or five animals which had precisely similar symptoms to those of the deceased beast, it was naturally presumed Mr VINCENT believed the disease to be pleuro. But he, with true professional caution, declined to reason from the individual case to the general. Mr MISCAMBLE also had his say; and we imagined our unfertunate paragraph was done with when a "DANIEL came to judgment" in the shape of Mr GBAHAM MITCHELL, who depressed us by the gloomy information that one of • our authorities, like Mrs HAHKIS, had uo real existence. Mr MISCAMBLE has been dead two years, says Mr MITCHELL ; but, nevertheless, we have a Mr MISCAMBLE writing to the papers, and outside of spiritist circles we have never heard of such a thing before as a ghost capable of even pothooks and hangers. Then again we are told that two gentlemen we credited with veterinary skill are not veterinary surgeons at all. We were tempted, upon reading Mr MITCHELL'S letter, to exclaim with Truthful JAMES, "Are things what they seem; or are visions about," when the light dawned upon us that the whole business r had something to do with veterinary jealousy, of which the ghost of Mis- CAMBLE and our local horse doctors are the objects. But for this, probably local horse-owners would have been left completely in the dark as to whether the disease so unpleasant in its consequences is anthrax fever, pleuropneumonia, or, as Mr ELLIS believes it, - an "epidemic flying through the air." As it is, the disputes of the horse doctors with those they roundly assert to be no horse doctors and ghosts of departed veterinaiy surgeons, are of secondary importance by the side of the fact that a very destructive disease is ravaging the valuable horse stock of the district. In some cases, such, for instance, as Mr ANTHONY WATSON'S, the loss caused by it has been very great. Averse as we are to calling upon the official Jupiter upon every occasion for help, we cannot help thinking it would be wise if the horse-owners of Kyneton were to ask for Government inspection and advice in the matter. TAS AKD "WHITEWASH.—Some years ago during the construction of the Malmsbury reservoir, Mr John "Woods, then in tbe engineering branch of the Water Supply Department, was found guilty of an act which his superiors considered justified them in dismissing him, and accordingly AEr Woods was, by Gazetten otice "drummed out" of thepublic service. On Friday, the Hon. John Woods, Minister of Kail ways, secured the cancellation of the Gazette notice of his shame, itlr Woods naturally makes a distinction between permission to SDeak quietly ont of the service and being " kicked" out; but we are afraid the public who have had their attention drawn to the matter will not. materially alter their opinion on the subject, because Mr Woods, having had his revenge, is enabled to get his very good friend, Mr Peter Lalor, to " whitewash" him. What most concerns them is-whether Mr John "Woods was guilty of acts in 1870 justifying dismissal, and we imagine most people have made up their mind on that subject long since, and will not be influenced by Mr Lalor's vindication of his honorable colleague's honor. Meanwhile the circumstance suggests the curious reflection—will tbe day ever come when the civil Bervants who were dismissed without cause on Black Wednesday, will have their " revenge," and tLe notorious Gazette of 9th January be "cancelled. If an offender can climb to the judgment seat, .who not also innocent victims. KYXETOXSIRNIE OOXINCEL.—A special meeting of the Council was held on Saturday. Present—The President (Mr D. Campbell) and Crs' • Thomson, Symington, Meazaes, Ewingi • Carolin, Bcaithwaite, and Barrow. THia ^meeting was called for the consideration of applications to be placed on the ratebook, the acceptance of tenders, and the formal striking of an additional sixpenny rate. The first business wa£ the letting of contracts, for which 'the tenders accepted were as follows:—Contract No. 40.—Penemg-,' kerbln^, and repairK to footpath at Hbllisoaetreet bridge, J. Smith, £39 I2s. Contract'. No. 41. —Clearing streets, &c.;,. Kyneton West, John Quillinan, £101. • Gontract K"o.. 42.—Clearing, streets, &c.;, Kyneton East, John Salmon, £98. The applications to be placed cm the rate-book were considered, and the majority of them allowed. The formal notices with regard-to the valuation.-and estimate' having been. adopted, Councillor Thomson moved "the formal motion for the striking of the additional rate of six. pence in'the £1. Hie "motion was seconded by Councillor WDonald and carriB^, snft- thB meeting adjourned ' ' ' 1 23"o SAVEE.-—At the police court yesterday, a Chinese, named Ah Cheong, - who had been arrested ": by Constable Smithwick, of XjauriFton, for stealing-aquantity of spouting from a house In that townG*hip, and in whose possession a quantity of miscellaneous articles, supposed" eo "be stolen, was found, was placed in the dock, charged with , the theft; • Mr. Taylor at onee asked ihe jirisonerif he could speak" TEn^Hfih. Prisoner muttered some BOH-Tm&eiBl;^dable. giJiberishin:n>ply, but ''tbe sergeant stated £9 soiild speak rary^oodEngJiali. Mrtejha said, however, the man was joot to he' 'tried and condemned unheard—which really would have heen the ease had the trial prooededand he was' remanded until Priday lfor ti secee fcf imipleqirel^i said the' man could maie ^ 1 •'">/ liberty, Biidfidjoamed ihe*'oase-;V,'~7, ,?-•- A WojJia^TMii^—A movOTiral via on foot for tbe pnjrj»Be of a^tilisbnijga'woollep ™;n in Kyneton. A pralimmBiy jneeKng was held in reference Jo thiB^ r^ttfer , -ini Monday night, but -ho itoSon l! Ss ! .'to^'Sxtlakenf iintS. definite informatidbi is' obtained, oa the subject of the prospe^B of the scheme. - J A e Xibciii. IIAND BIAED,—A sitting of the p above Board will, tike place at the Kyneton r Courthouse on the June, at ten ajR. The list of applications to be dealt with will p £efwmainon*»4r^~~^ 