i OUR AMITBUR TIIIDATRrCABS AT j ) BOOLON&. / He jests at scars who neoer feit a woan—'Ko'ii&o.; f Onb of the mosb awful recollectioas Mr. Banbury Gross,; / of Boolong, bad of bis yoiibhfiil days, be used bo declare, p was when be made bis firsb and only appearance as |an \ acbor ab a privabe' amateur bbeatrical enbertainmeut atbis \ own bouse in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad C conceived tbab be was born to be an aclor— to tread tbe / boards like tbe great Garrick and tbe elder Kean — but it ) was, foolisb notion, soon knocked oat of bis head after his J peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sj'dney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing C red hair, and a burn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" r at any of their several theatres,; he resolved to " take the r bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down ) at bis place; at Booiong. ; He went to enormous . expense > in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having "v scenery painted— for Banbury was determined to do' the \ thing well and in tip- top sbyle. Hs got together a kind r of scratch company, mamyloO them like himself, raw ami- r bitious amateurs, eager " to' < fret their hour upon the ) stage," and one or two see ly outcasts of the tprofess'.ou; and he looked forward to the pro'luction of tiis pet plaj'', \ Hamlet," himself as the Priiibe, witfepucb excitementi ( not unalloyed with pleasm-e. The amateurs, after about a ) mpntb's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect '.in their \ words before the curtain went up, but atter;it did most of r them forgot them. The scenery bitched , the Ghost was ) intoxicated, and the likewise; Oj)helia,nxi amateui, y burst-into a nervous fit of tears before sbei said ;a dozen r lines;' Banbury was roared at by tbe local personages who J assemipled to assist at.tbe aniateur performance. - But this y was not tbe worst, for Banbury found that when the bills r came in tbe expense was twice as large as be had expected, and be could not meet them. " The fellows," be used to say, y " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on credit, because they knew that my rich unicle in Adelaide, a strict Metbod- ) ist, would pay them; but I knew very well be, would do no V such thing when be found tbey.>yere for theatrical .,trap- ' pings, for if there was. one thing, he !beld in abhorrence it ) was the .theatre.". What was he to . do ? , His uncle would . disinherit.him, tiirn bini;out'/oO 'fc,he house' bs-ba'd furnished ' . for. him, and send him adrift on the world; ' -What was he ) to do ? His creditors vyould not wa,it and he would be a ' miserable pjiuper. But for all tbig he-did 'hotnlose'' his ' house, and 'his 'poor imc fortune -is in/the bank in. his ) nairie, thanks to the timely aid of oney«/w)'hj'ia'>.ync?tfZ to the drama as well 'as io tlieresf bf the imirldimKoh ' him the needful. Need we s.ay his name. . ; No all know ) him 1 'But we may as well remark: it. was . the : c/m/iynna . of the distressed, j ' 'DAVID HENRY, of 52 Gollms street east, - ) Who has from .5 .to £,i p,00P ;to lend on notes of 'hand, bills \ of sale .(with of',.without -security ,salaiy. 'orders,; life r policies, certificates, deeds, bill of ..la;ding, legaci.es, goods, ) merchandise oil Cxpiected remittances, or on 'moneys- per- \ sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., i f repayable to. suit the convenience, of borrowers. , ) Bills discounted daily at the lowest fate of interest, and y mortgages from\6. per cent. J; , : ' , v 