PREMATURE BURIALS. TaE difference between death and a state of tranoe--or, as the Germans put it, Todst and Schleintodt--has never been quite clearly understood by the generality of mankind. Society, which sometimes does its best for the living, does not always do its.best for the dead (or those who appear to be dead), and he would be a bold man who, without statistics, should assert that men, women and children are never, by any chance, buried alive in the British Isles. Are the bodies of the poor always examined with care before burial? Are deaths properly verified in days of epidemic, that is to say, in days of social panic I propose in this article to call attention to a few instances of premature burials on the continent of Europe; instances which involve stones of trance, or Scheintlodt-a trance, the semblance of death, holding its away over the human body for hours and days, and not merely for minutes, as in the case of ordinary fainting fits. In days when land is dear, and burial rights are less sacered than the rights of builders and con tractors, ooffinse havp been opened with the pick-axe, in the act of converting oemeteries into streets and gardens. Here a grave has been diecovered whose inmate has turned in its shroud; here a corpse clatching its hair in a strained and unnatural position; dead men and dead women lying in their graves as dead mennever lie in a Ohristian land at the momentof burial. The presumption is that these people heave been legally mar dared. A few months ago a young and beautiful woman, on the eve of her marriage with the man she loved, was buried in the neighbour. hood of Lodi, in Piedment, in accordance with the doctor's certificate. The doctor was of opinion that the girl had died from excitement--over-joy, it is said, at the pros pect of being married, but the legal name for the catastrophe was disease of the heart, and with this verdict her place in society was declared vacant. When the first shovelful of earth was thrown down on the coffin, strange noises were heard proceeding therefrom, "as of evil spirits disputing over the body of the dead." The grave-diggers took to flight, and the mourners began pray ing; but the bridegroom, less edperatitious than the others, insisted on the ooffin being rnmailed. This was done; but too late; the girl was found id an attitude of horror and pain impossible to describe: her eyes wide open, her teeth clenched, her hands elntching her hair.. Life was extinct; but when laid in her shroud the day before, her eyes were closed, her hands were folded on her breast as if in prayer. The,' Medical Academy" of Milan, in one of its weekly reportS, published on Wednes. dIay, 22nd March, 1848, quotes a case of trance which occurred to an ex-nun of the auppressed convent of St. Orsole, named Louia Marinoi. The lady was taken ill, and, to all outward appearance, died; she was known to be subject to a peculiar kind of fit, which required peculiar treatment, and was staying.at the time of the catastrophein the house of a friend, who had been a nun. The becchini (grave-diggers, who in thes ease were the undertakers) insisted on burying the body before night; the surviving ex nun remonstrated, argfng that she must first try the effect of friction and muttard. plasters applied to feet and stomach. Pear ing to lose their feethe men of death waxed wroth in their contention, and, seizing the body by the shoulders, were about to drag it out of its bed, when the "drad lady," moannmg and muttering inarticulate sounds, turned restlessly on her pillow. The friend of Luoia Marini broke out into prayers, in terrupted by tears; the men let go their hold, and one of them (the elder of the two) crossed himself devoutly., The other, with a great oath, declared it was "spasms;" the dead, in his opinion, being liable to con vulsive movements if not properly straight ened. But humanity prevailed over igno rance, and capidity gave way to medical skill. The lady was thoroughly revived by a medical practitioner of the neighbourheod, and lived for many a long day to tell the story of her escape from the tomb. Another ease in point is that of Cardinal Espinosa, some time president of Castille. Philip the Second, King of Spain, one day, in a moment of irritation, addressed him as follows:-" Cardinal, take heed 1 Yo' are speaking to the President of Oastille." ' The cardinal understood that he was dismissed from office (the king being his own presi. dent), and fell to the ground as if stunned. The pulse showed no signs of life; the parted lips emitted.no breath-the king's wrathhad slain his minister. It was de cided that the unfortunate cardinal shoald be cut open and embalmed. The surgeon arrived and commenced his operations, when, lo! in the midst of the cutting the patient awoke, and, with screams of agony attempted to struggle with his operator. But it was too late. The wounds were mortal, and the cardinal expired before the comforts of religion could be administered to him. In some inetanoes the victims of trance have bee; known to rise out of their coffins. A base is recorded of a young lady in Leipzig who, being reported dead during a nervous attack, was placed in her coffin, ii her parents' house, and there kept duly dressed for the grave, with the lid of the coffin still unnailed. While the family were at supper she appeared in her winding-sheet at the parlour deeoor; pale and frightened, but fair to see, as before her supposed death Father and inother' and sisters started up with cries of horror, sad rushed out of the room by another door, believing her to be a ghost. It was only after a long interval, during which they entered and found her at the table, eating and drinking, that they persuaded themselves that thegirl still lived. They fonqd her coffin empty; ergo, the gboat in the parlour was a living soul I The doctor, the priest, and the undertaker saw the error of their ways, and the deed was cancelled which declared the lady a corpse. On the following year another deed was made out for the same lady, and the same priest officiated, but not the doctor or the undertaker. The lady was married, and lived to be the mother of many children. But let us go back a century or tweo in these inquiries. We come upon the story of the Abb6 Prbvot, author of "Manon Les cant." and, earlier still, upon that of Pe trareh. P?tovt was found in a forest, one fine summer's day, in a state of complete un conseaiousness. The village doctor, who examined the body, declared that life was extinot, and commenced what he was pleased to term his postl-mortem examination. But at the first thrust of the knife the unlucky autLor awoke, and, with a pieroing shriek, gave '"up the shost. Bruhier, the bio grapher of PrOtdi, deplores this event as a cerioss loss to literature. "Manon Les cant," which Jiules eanin complacently calls the "Paul and Virginia" of vice, might, he opines, have had a successor, if not a rival, from the same pen. Petlareh, when a middle-aged man, lay in Ferrara twenty hours in a state of trance, and was tob be buried on the completion of the tinme laid down by law, that is to say in four hcnrs, when a sadden change of tem perature caused him to start up In Is bed. Heo complained ofthedraught androprimanded his attendants. They had allowed a eurtet of cold air to fall on his oonuh! Perhaps if the door bad been kept shut, the poet, show ing no signs of animation, would barb been buried that day. Petrarch would have been defrauded of a large portion of his life, and the world wolld have lost, in consequence, some of its finest nonnets. Misson, in'hie "Medical Anecdotes", tells a story of a lady, who, in 1577, was buried alive in Cologne. This lady was the wife of a consul, and was placed in the family vault in gay attire with rings on her fingers and a golden 6hain!round her neck, as on her wedding-day. Robbers repaired to her grave at dead of night to steal her jewellery, and were taking the rings from her fingers, which were damp and swollen, when the lady awoke, and, sitting bolt upright, as if galvanised, stared and smiled at her visitors. One of the three men fell down in a fit, fearing the devil or his agency, and the others took to their heels "as if pursued by fiends." The lady walked home, and was received by her husband, first with fear, and afterwards with transports of joy, and lived for many alongIday in health and happiness. In the Charabhof the Holy Apostles, at Co logne, is a pioture of the consul's wife waking from the tomb, but the event is as cribed to a miracle, and death, not a trance, is the subject of the picture. But the resusoitated victims of apparent death do not always return safe and sound hale in body and in mind-from tbs land of shadows. A carabiueer in the Pope's ser vice, named Luigi Vittori, was, not long ago, conveyed to the Boman hospital, and there, after a few days' acute suffering, registered as dead, :his disease being "asthma." A doctor, glancing at the body, fancied he de tected signs of lifein it. A lighted taper was applied to the nose of the oearabineer; a mirror was applied to his mouth; but all without success. The body was pinched and beaten, the'taper was again applied, and so often and so obstinately that the nose was burnt, and the patient, quivering in all his frame, drew short spasmodic breaths-sore proofs, even to a non-professionasl witness, that the soldier was not altogether dead. The doctor applied other remedies, and in a short time the corpse was declared to be a living man. Luigi Vittori left the hospital to resume his duties as earabineer, but his nose-a scarred and orimson beacon on hise face-told till he died (which weas soon after wards) the sad story of his uenre in the very jaws of the grave. SItories.are told of men who, after sentenu6 of death at the hands of the doetors, returned to life blighted in intellect. Some of these viotims of medioal incapacity were men of position in society, but others-the great msjority-were poor and friendless. Hos pital cases have principally to do with the poor, and in hospitals in warm countries, patients who show signs of approaching dissolution are quickly disposed of,. Camillo de Lellis, the founder of an order of hospital monks, or brothers of charity, speaks in his memoirs of the freqenoy of premature burials in Italy. "Ah, merciful God I" he exclaims piously; " how many living men and women are annually taken to their graves in this Christian coontry I" Camillo was of opinion that the victims might be nnmbered by many scores-nay, by hundrede--in the course of a single year. One day, after visiting the beds of the sick in a certain hospital in Lombardy, of which the name has been left in blank, Camillo entered the morgue, end .fonund strewn upon the floor a great number of corpses, one of which was bleeding profusely from the head. A dead man coannot bleed is this way, thought Camillo, and hadthe body taken to another room, and there examined. The man was alive,.and but for an accident would have received burial He had been thrown to the ground with some violence a a short time previously, and then and there receiving the wound above alluded to, recovered consciousneness. But he only sur vived his sentence of death three days; he died of the blow which had awakened him from his trance. But there are double deaths-twofold borials-which are perhaps themost horrible of all. Soiety thinks it is burying one per son, but the "deceased," being a woman, may from the point of view of maternity include two lives, or even more. Gasparo Bejee tells the story of a child born in the tomb whose mother was buried alive. The lady was the wife of a man of property named Franeaoo Orvallos, and "died," while far advanced in bregnancy, during her husband's absence. Orvallos, returning home the day after the fsneral, had the tomb opened, not beo?anse he suspected fool play, but because he wished to gaze once more on the face of his beloved. The lady was in troth dead, but death had transpired in the grave. A, child, struggling into existence, met the gaze of the bereaved hune band, and was removed without difioaulty by a medical ansistant. The mother was onoe more consigned to the dust, but the child lived to be a man, and carrying till his death the name of " Fruit of the Earth," occupied for several years the postl of lieotenantgeneral on the frontiers of Oherea. This story is reproduced by the late professor Comi in his treatise on "Apneology." Those who doubt it have only to read the following account of what is isalled "Involuntary Homicide," whiqh happened in the Soath of Italy (at Castel del Giudice) in November last, and of which accounts were published at the time in the Neapolitan and English papers. 