? I ' Supers ' on the Stage. | SiTERNUMERiF-s on the stage, ordinarily rallc-d 'supers,' receive a small pay, but are not reckoned within the vole j of actors. They make up a crowd, when a crowd is wanted i in the piece, and so on. Though viewed as a kind of ] nobodies, they cannot be done without, and managers need ! to take care not to give them olYenc e. I These humble players have been aptlv described as serfs ! of the stage, lor whom there is no mauumi-sion. Lot them | woik as hard as they will, play their parts as well as they I may. their merits meet s ant recognition either before or behind the curtain. For the wage of some threepence an hour, they have to submit to being bullied and badgered, and put to all manner of personal discomfort. Still, with a sensp of inferiority, the super considers himself an actor. He treads but the lowest rung: but his foot is on the theatrical ladder. The climbers above may superciliously ignore the connection ; but he feels that he too is an actor, and sometimes asserts his fellowship like the poverty striken fellow who publicly hailed David Garrick as his ' dear colleague,' on the score that it was Jiis crowing that made the ghost of buried Denmark start, like a guilty thing upon a fearful summons ; and the less obtrusive super who, when told of Macready's death, exclaimed, All! another of us gone!' It is recorded that a French super playing an assistant footman in a popular opvra- lmtilc for the first time, fell down in a lit, brought on by the cxcitemcnt consequent upon his having to ''crcate the role.' Too much xeal is always inconvenient. At a performan'e not very long since of ' Richard III.,' tho armies contending at Bosworth were so carried away by professional ardour that the mimic fray came very near the real thing : and one gallant archer introduced himself to the manage) 's notice witli an arrow through his no-e, so astonishing that gentleman that he salved the wound with half a sovereign. The next evening the casualties rose 1o such alarming proportions, that a like treatment would have well-nigh exhausted the treasury. Such realistic conibits would have delighted Forrest, the American tragedian, famous for his ' powerful ' acting. Rehearsing the part of a brave Roman warrior at the Albuiy Theatre, Forrest 6tormed at the representatives of the minions of a tvrant for not attacking him with sufficient spirit. At last the captain of the supers inquired if he wanted to make 'a bullv-fight of it,' and received an affirmative answer. Evening came, and iu due course the fighting scene was reached. For rest ' took the stage,' and the half-dozen myrmidons advanced against him in skir mishing order. ' Seize him ! ' cried the tyrant. Striking a pugilistic attitude, the first minion hit out from the shoulder, and gave the Roman hero a fair ' fa--er the second minion following up with a well- judged kick from behind ; while the others rushed in for a bout at 'close- quartcrs. The eyes of the astonished actor flashed fire ; there was a short scrimmage of seven, and then one super went head first into the big drum and stopped there, four retired behind the scenes to have thc-ir wounds dressed, and the last of the valiant crew finding himself somehow up in tbe Hies, rushed out upon the roof of the theatre bawling ' firo! ' with all the energy left him ; while the breathless tragedian was I owing his acknowledgments of the enthusi astic plaudits of tho excited audience. Considering how often the super changes his nationality, one would expect him to be too thorough a cosmopolitan to cherish any insular or continental prejudices. They never theless have their sympathies and antipathies. ' Shure, sir,' said an Irishman who had for some nights died a glorious death fighting fur fatherland, ' it's mighty onplea sant to have to be a German ; I'd rather play a Frenchman.' He had to be contented .by receiving the manager's assur ance that if he continued to work up his agony well, he might be permitted to change his uniform at the' end of the month. Greater success awaited a stalwart navvy, who after crossing Ihc Danube several times at Alexandra' Park, declared he must ' elnn-k it up' if ho could not be a Turk, llis de:-iio was granted; and the next aftcmoun he was pitching Russians into the water with a will. In the old days of the Paris Cirque, a rule is said to have obtained, compelling supers who had incurred the manage ment's displea-ure to j;o en as 'the enemy,' destined to succumb to native valour, by which means the difficulty of getting men to appear as the foes of France was obviated. When the ?' liattlc ot Waterloo' was ii»t produced on the KnghMi stage, in one of the battle- scenes the French troops drove a British division across ihe mimic, field. This was done for a few nights. One morning, after rehearsal, the leader of ilie supernumerary red-coat, corps, gathered his followers around him, said, ' Bovs, we liiusin't. retreat before tho Johnny Crapauds again, to be goosed by the pit. It's all very well at rehearsal, but when it comes to real acting it won't do. Let us turn upon tho yelling demons and pitch them into the pit ! ' And they did it too, astonishing the ' Frenchmen,' to say nothing of the audience; as greatly as Mr. George Jones was once aslonii-hed by certain theatrical pirates. He, as an American sailor, had to* rescue a fair captive from the clutches of tho aforesaid rutlians. Unfortunately he had conirived to mor tally offend the four supers conceded ; and when ho rushed to the lady's aid with, ' Come on, ye villains ! One Yankee tar' is more than a match for f our lubberly sharts ! ' instead of leading off in a broadsword fight, the pirate captain shouted, ' I guess not ! ' and seizing Jones by the le^ifi and arms, the pirates carried him off the stage, de posited him in the property closet, and then returning, bore olf the damsel to their rocky retreat ; leaving the curtain to come down before a very much puzzled audience, to whom no explanation was vouchsafed. — Chambers'' s Journal. 