' T . ' . 1 ; THE GHOSTS OJT CHAT- ELOUSSE. . . < Talking about ghosts (said Jack Scott) the toughest time I ever had with gentry of that sort was 'when I was travelling for Frost & Co. up in Canada. "We , were in the fur line, you know, and I happened to fall in with a gentleman by the name of Jblint, who agreed to go across the country with me. He was not at all the sort of fellow one would choose for a travelling companion, being extremely taciturn and grim; bub, apart from sharing expenses, there was the necessity for some sort of sympathy and affection in Buch a confoundedly bleak and for bidding country. Our sturdy team of Canadian horses took ub further and further from civi lisation ; hostelries of any sort were few and far between. But an honest sheep-dog would have been a j oilier companion than Flint; his thin lipB couldn't seem to take the shape of a healthy laugh. Without divulging any commercial secrets, I told Flint what I could of my errand into this wilderness, hoping to gee some little confi dence in return. He did go so far as to hint that he also w&b; connected with hunting and trapping, but. he was extremely close- mouthed and reticent as to particulars, and after little spurts of chat on my part the conversation languished. The third morning of our jouraey we had a little controversy, Flint and I, about our route for the day. We wanted to get on to Chatelousse, where 1 had letters of introduc tion, and where Flint hoped to find out the whereabouts of a Monsieur Bernard, in whom I was also interested, as Flint had told me he had been a dealer in skins. We were told there was a Bhort cut across the country, but it would be s»fer, perhaps, to take the public road. Fiinc was rather in favour of the latter plan, being of a cautious and prudent temperament; but although the words of our senipr partner came into my head, they only seemed to push me the other way. "Never take a by-path when you can get a highway," were the parting words of Mr. Frost ; but I considered them some of his oracular old-fogyisme. "It's only twenty miles, Flint," 1 said. "Twenty of these Canadian miles," he added. " With fresh horses," I went on ; " and our host here has pointed ua out the way." "Yes, yes," said the innkeeper, "straight ahead, gentlemen, till you eee a big cross sec up at the end of a three- cornered field. Turn to the right, and you'll soon see, a forest of fir-trees;! that is the oeginning of Chatelousse, and close .at hand lives Adrian Bernard There is arouse a little this way, messieurs that is all black and empty, and has about it the melancholy of the grave. It is — pardon me, messieurs — it is given over to. the devil. They say it is haunted." "Yes, yes," broke in Flint, craning hia neck eagerly forward; "what ia it about this house?" " lb is that a crime has been committed there, messieurs — that lights are saen, queer- noises are heard, groans and Bhrieks of terror. I have it for a fact that, nhjht after night, the tragedy ia repeated over and over agaiu." " Let us get on," said Flint, " in the direc tion ef this house." Six hours later we had reached a big bar of wood that had fallen and waa plunged fathoms deep in the snow. As for roads, there were none, neither to the right nor the left. That imbecile of an innkeeper must have known that at this season of the year ordinary landmarks ' were obliterated. Wo had long since been gliding over an unbroken surface of snow ; but dimly shadowed upon the horizon I had seen the forest of firs, and I pushed the jaded beasts onward. Ig was weary work, as we were perceptibly going up-hill. The short Canadian day was drawing to a close. If you want an idea, my friends, of complete and utter desolation, take a cam- pagna of that sorb when day is expiring at the hands of a pitiless and unrelenting night ; the vast sheet of white, "nbrokeu by fence or forest, becomes in the shifting and fading light like a pall drawn over a dead world. From early morning we hRd not passed a roof or seen a living creature. The bitterness of cold was somewhat ameliorated, but this was another souroe of anxiety, as it hinted of snow, and to think of this was to shudder ; a snowstorm would be utter and irretrievable ruin. To add to my alarm, I could no longer distinguish the line of fir-tree3. " This must be snow-blindness," I said. " Can you see those fir- trees, Flint ?" " No," he replied, calmly; "I have not seen chem tor some time. They'll probably come, in sight when we get to the top of this hill." . - But having reached the summit, and begin ning to descend, I said again, " Can you see them now, Flint?" ; " Ho," he replied. ; I reined in the horses, and got upon my feet. One unbroken, giicceriug desert of snow surrounded us. In the yeilow light of the western sky it glistened like the folds of a snake ; further on, under the stormy clouds that scudded along, it grew livid and steel- coloured, and' looked more horrible to me than the wildesttand blaokest of seas. : At that moment a filmy particle, soft as down, touched my cheek. In an instant we were enveloped by the soft, white, accursed flakes. "My God I Flidt," I cried, sinking back in the sled, "we are lost !" r ; " I'm afraid so," said Flint. i - " Great heaven I" I exclaimed, " our bones »ill lie bleaching here, for months. Our families won't even know what has teoome; of us." 'J. .J... " I haven't any family," said Flint. " Neither have I, for chat matter," said I. " But that doesn't make it any pleasanter, does it, to die here like dogs . " Of course not," Baid Flint. " You'd better take some brandy, Scott. It's unfortunate ; I'd like to have hunted out that Barnard, but it can't be helped." He took a pull at the brandy-flask and handed it over to me. He was as cool as the climate, my friends. In the meanwhile the horses, feeling the reins falling loosely from my fainting hands, trotted rapidly od. Heaven help those egotists that hold the humau intellect supreme ! The ponies chose the right direction. In lees than ten minutes those blessed ponies took ns within sight of the line of fir-trees. I was transported by the felicitious view of some honest stuck- wreathing up between the scraggy branches which sheltered a lone, low, atraggliug building, red-roofed, with diamond-shaped panes in the windows, through which wc- conld see the red light of the hou=ehold fire. The squawk of a fowl suggested its speedy conveyance to a neighbouring spit ; the gruntiDg of pigs near by was more melodlonr to my ears than the music of the sphere yoeder in the storm-tossed, blinding snow. " We're saved, Flint, my boy !" I eri-xl I " Thank God, we an saved !" 1 "This nan 1m beaucd'a," shut, looking about him with his keen grey eyes; " and over yonder I think I can see the out lines of the haunted house." Five minutes after we sat In a long low- ceiled apartment that covered half the ground floor. The oaken rafters almost touched the head of a tall trapper who was .lodging with Monsieur Barnard. He had a long blonde beard and singularly melodious voice. There was quite a number of guests there — all of them trappers, so Monsieur Bernard said ; hut this tall fellow they called Cameron had the shoulders of a Hercules with the face of an Apollo. . I suppose I waB some thing dazed with the sudden relief and rescue, for it appeared to me that a young woman who sat by the fire, paring carrots the very colour of her long braids of hair, was ss beautiful as an angel. Her eyes were soft and luminous, her forehead low and white ; an indescribable air of tender melancholy shadowed her face. The chemi sette Bhe wore was as white as the snow upon which it- was bleached ; her bodice was of homespun; the knots in her knitted stockings must have been made by her own little hands ; the big bnckles on her shoes could not hide the pretty arch of her instep. She sang under her breath a little conplet, of which the refrain was " Jamais, Jamais !" Hungry as I was, I could scarcely touch the fine grilled- fowl prepared for us, but my soul devoured the daughter of Monsieur Bernard. The tall trapper and his companions were supping in a neigh bouring room ; we could hear their glasses rap upon the table or chink against each other; scraps of songs and disjointed sen tences reached our ears. Flint picked the chicken to the bone, in the meanwhile talking in a low tone to Monsieur Bernard, who basked in the heat that poured from the crackling sides of the sheet iron stove, and blinked at Flint like an ancient lizard. Ha was a little, dried-up man, with a close cap upon his head ; his leather breeches .reached a little b&low; his knees ; a warm furry jacket, high woollen stockings, and wooden sabots completed his costnme. An hour or two went by ; the trappers in the neighbour ing room had finished their meal, and apparently gone to bed. Flint and the little - Frenchman pursued their conversation. As for me, I had drawn close to the beautiful young woman, who was washing some quaint yellow mugs at the end of the long oak table. Her name was Marie. In thi3 "primitive region conventionalities were set aside — au earnest passion glided along like snow shoes. I got over a good deal of ground in a very short time. I began to believe thi3 journey was marked out for me. I told Marie so, and lifted one of her long braids to my lips. I was just thinking what a sensation that peculiar coloured hair and her remarkable beauty would create in our circles at home, when Flint called out to me that he had resolved to go over and sleep in the haunted house. "Don't you want to go along, Scott," he' said, " or are you afraid ?" The latter part of his sentence had a peculiar sneering intonation. I said I was not afraid, but thought it a very absurd aDd infernally uncomfortable thing to leave a warm fireside and go plunging over there in the snow and the freezing air for a freak of curiosity. Marie clasped her hands, and besought of us, for the sake of the Redeemer, not to go ; that in that room upstairs, upon that very pallet of straw, the murdered man bad been found ; and nobody had slept there since, or stayed in the house. " Except the ghosts of Chatelousse," said her iather, iu a dry, wheezy voice. But. Flint got hiB lantern ready. Of course I had to go. If one man ventures upon a fool- hardy freak, another must follow, or rest under the imputation of cowardice. Mon sieur Bernard helped U9 on with our overcoats. I looked into the sweet eyes of Marie ; they were dilated with that expression of terror one sees in the eyes of a fawn. I took her cold hands in my own. " Rest tranquil, my sweet child," I said, for I was coached by her tenderness ; " I will return, to you." We made our way through the blinding snow, and found the house black and empty. The door creaked on its rusty hinge, the shutters banged, a melancholy wind howled through the corridor. " We shall have our labour for our pains," I said, as we entered the room upstairs; " there is nothing remarkable in a few broken chairs and an , old bundle of straw." " We must be patient," said Flint, throw ing the buffalo robe upon the bed, and blow ing out the lantern ; " we must wait for the hour of midnight." There was nothing for me to do but to creep in beside him. I took the inner side, and, worn out with countless emotions, must have fallen asleep before the hayseed touched, my hair., I was awakened by a peculiar mockiDg laugb, seemingly close by my ear; but, upon regaining the activity of my senses, I found it distant and hollow. Again and again it seemed te come from the very bowels of the earth. I began to feel a chill ruu down my vert-bra). " Flint," I whispered, reaching over for him, " do you hear that ?" : But my baud wand-red over an empty- space at my side". Flint was gone. I was« alone in this acoursed house. Strange noises came to me. I fancied I heard a groan, the clanking of a chain. Heaven knows what terrible vagaries beset me. " Perhaps," thought I, " Flint has been dragged away ; my turn will come next." Distinctly I heard again that hollow, mock ing laugh, and step by step a foot ascending the stair. A cold sweat burst from every pore in my body. I sprang from the bed, and ran out the open door down the stairs. It seemed to me a shadowy form fled before me, and vanished in the corridor. I plunged aoross the field and at last burst into a low- ceiled room, where I found the miserable little Frenchman and my missing compinion. "Oh, you ran away, then?" I said to Flint. ' " Yes," he said, quietly, "I: thought it bes't not to awaken you." "So you left me to be murdered, perhaps ?" -««That was what I wanted to avoid," he said. I saw that he was pale, and hia hands shook a little. "1 shall push on to Chate- lousse at daybreak," he said. " I thought you had more nerve, Flint," I replied. " I wouldn't myself sleep in that honse again to be junior partner with Frost (fc Co. ; bat that is no reason for neglecting business opportunities. From a few words I exchanged with that tall trapper — I think they call him Cameron—" "Yes," said Flint, with sudden eagerness. " What about him?" " I think he can put me in the way of a lucrative stroke of business here." " How ? In what way?" said Flint. "In the trapping" wtiy; of course," replied; " in the way of skins." The light died oat of Flint's face. He sank back in his chair, and stroked his thin beard contemplatively. " Suppose yon remain here, then, till I come back," he said. " I shan't be gone more than two or three days." " All right," I said, with alacrity.- In trtvh, I hated to leave Marie. At day brent Flint drove 'away, with a stable h..y of Bernard's for a guide. " He's the last man in :he world I'd take to be rach a coward," I said, to '-he tall yrappr, Catneroa, some hmm late-r on. I invited him to bre-kr"at with me, and related to hint ear adventures ef tke previous night. " I don't know anything about ghoBts," I said, hut I certainly heard the metallic clanking of a chaiD, and a hollow, mocking laugh — a footstep, too, mounting the stairs ; and as I fled down, a phantom-like form disappeared before my very eyes in the hall way." " There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oar philosophy," said Cameron. "All we can do is to keep a clear conscience and lead Btaiuless lives." He went on talking in this way till I began to look upon him as a kind of evangelist. Hia face had the guilelese look of an infant, and yet he had a keen eye and brain for business. He explained to me a method for curing skins, which was very interesting. Even Marie paused at her work and listened to him. Her eyes were fixed upen his face with an eager, yearning expression, so beautiful that I wondered it did not attract his notice ; but he was absorbsd in his subject. That short Canadian day was the sweetest of my life. Before nightfall I was fully persuaded there was but one woman in the world for me ; but all that I could get Marie to say in return was, " Oh, monsieur 1" This she repeated over and over again, each time with a different inflection, till it formed a whole sweet language in itself. At nightfall of the second day Flint came back, looking rather - pale and worn. He said the air was freezing ; he hoped it would be milder in the morning ; that we must go? off as early as possible. " If yon go to-morrow, Flint," I said, " you'll have to go alone. I must remain a while." " I shall Hot go alone," said Flint ; " I shall have plenty of company. But why must you remain ?" I didn't care to speak about Marie to a man like Flint, but I told him of the opening in trade offered me by Cameron. " The tall fellow with a blonde beard ?" said Flint, going ovsr and shutting our chamber door. Then he came close to me and whispered in my ear, "He.is the leader of the gang. Hush ! be quiet ; don't reply. I have unearthed a troop of counterfeiters. I saw them at work that night in the h&nnted; honse. They are the ghosts of Chat elousse. In six hours we shall have help. To-morrow we shall Btart off together. Ber nard gave them up. That was my bnsiness out here." "Trapping ?" I said. " Exactly," said Fliat. " Iu sixteen hoars everythiug will be ready. The officers will come armed ; be prepared," and the wily Jesuit slipped out the open door. I sat there for I don't know how long, completely stunned and bewildered. When I gathered my senses agaiQ, I resolved upon one thing — not to go without Marie. "We could get married at the nearest town. I would nob leave her in this wilderness with her traitor of a father, perhaps to fall a prey to some early vengeance from an unseen hand. I sought her out, and found her 0 feeding the fowls ia the coarb yard — a grey dove perching upon her shoulder, and a turkey-cook stretching his red neck and strutting by her side. I drew her under the archway. " Marie ! Marie !" I said, "you know how I love you!" " Oh, monsieur !" she said, hanging hex sweet head. " Listen to me, Marie," I said ; " be no longer a child, I entreat of you. Yon mast go away with me to-morrow morning. At the nearest town we will be married. I will not leave you behind me. There will be trouble, I am afraid. A gang of counter feiters have been discovered over in the haunted house ; Cameron is their chief. You have thought these men to be honest trappers, Marie, bub they are counterfeiters, my own one, and they are the ghosts of Chatelousse. A few hours more, and we shall have help. They will be taken, Mario — " I stopped, for 1 found that she was grow ing deadly pale. Her hands dropped at her side ; the wheat fell out of her ap-on upon the ground ; the fowls came calling and clucking after it. She grew whiter and whiter, till she was like the snow outside the the stone wall. " My God ! my God 1" Bhe kept S9ying, clasping and unclasping hes hands. I tried to take her in my arms. At first she resisted ; then she listened. The grey look went out of her face, and she listened eagerly. " Ycu will go with me, my darling I" I entreated ; " the horses are already har nessed." ""Where — whers are the horses?" she said. " Iu the shed, my sweet one. Tell me that you will go." " Yes, yes, I will go," she Baid ; " and now I mast get ready." Her face looked so set and rigid in the cold reflection of the snow— the beautiful face no longer that of a child's ; a woman's face, fall of resolution ana strength. " Kiss me before yon go," I said, holding her close to my heart. She put her cold lips to mine. " God bleBS you !" she cried ; " God in heaven bless you !" Night came on ; hour after hour passed ; lights began to flioker in the haunted house,- Flint glued his face to the window and looked steadily out into the darkness. I did not dure tell him I had a regret for Cameron. The fellow wa3 so lovable, and ha i snch a a guileless face ; hia voice was as melodious as a woman's. At last he turned _ from the window and went out of the room, making a qnick gesture for me to follow. - The men had come. Soon we were marching aoross the field, the officers of the law crunching through the snow with their heavy boots, and muttering maledictions through their chattering teeth. In truth, it was piercingly oold. "We had nearly reached the , house when an old, half-witted servant of ; Monsieur Bernard's came running out to meet us. "Mother of heaven, but I'm glad!" he cried. " I was scared to stay there so long ; they are gone since this many hours." " Gone !" shouted Flint ; " who are gone ?" "The men folks yonder. And they took with them the sweet mistress, Marie." " Marie I" burst from my lips and those of t M. Bernard. "But yes," said the old servant. "She cried all the way, but he took her in his arms and hushed her like a baby, and put her under his cloak." " Who ? Who ?" we oried. "Who but Mr. Cameron?" was tbe reply. " Anybody with wooden eyes could have seen what was going on." Bernard raised his hands to heaven, then sank upon the snow. I remained with him. I was unable to go on ; besides it was use less. The men soon came back. The hons9 was empty ; the birds had flown, and with them had gone my sweet little dove. What a madman I had been ! As the hostler had said, anyore could have seen the love in her oyes when she looked upon Cameron. I remembered now a hundrea sighs and glances. Poor little Marie ! Monsieur Bernard divided lu3 wrath and "wretchedness, as did the Jew of Yenioa, between his ducat? aud his daughter. Every mule and pony were taken from the sheds ; it was even impossible to pursue tli3 fugi tives. Flint was lirid with rage. " Who could have betrayed us?" he Bid through .is clenched teeth, and hall inclined to sus pect the mi- erable Bernard. A fortnight later we all went our separata ways ; but I never shad forget, gentlemen, tke ghnafcs «f hateltneae. 