THE MONTH'S NEWS. The chief event of publio interest iluring the month has been the return to t£ei colony of the, .Governor, . Sir William' Jervois, after an absence of six months. The services rendered to the colony by His Excellency during his stay in Eng land have considerably enhanced the popularity which he had acquired during hia brief administration of the affairs of South Australia prior to his departure. A ;most cordial and hearty welcome was extended to him upon landing, as also to Lady Jervois and the remaining mem bers of His Excellency's family, whose stay in the colony it is earnestly hoped will prove a lengthy and a happy one. The first Levee and Drawing-Room were hejd last week, and both were attended byia very large number of colonists. The record of the proceedings of the Legislative Council is Btill meagre. The Bill for the reform of that Chamber is being held in abeyance until the four vaiant seats are filled up. Ten candidates have been nominated for the vacancies, and the polling is to take place on September 10. In the meantime but few measures have been dealt with, and most of those are of no great importance. The work done by the Council during the month has related to the following measures: — A Bill providing for the extension of the North main line of rail way from its present terminus at Hallett to jTerowie ; a Bill for the protection of fisheries ; and one for the prevention of diseases in vines. This last measure is especially framed with a view of guarding against the introduction into the colony of ithe phylloxera vastatrix, which has made its appearance within the last few months in the neighbouring colony of Vic toria. In our last Summary we noted the withdrawal of the Bill for the destruction of rabbits in the Legislative Council in consequence of the strenuous opposition to its main principles offered by the members of iihatbody. The action of the Council hasj given rise to a great outcry in the country, as the rabbits are- multiplying' enormously and are occasioning great damage and loss to agriculturists. In some parts the crops have been absolutely destroyed for two and three years running by these pests, and the owners of the land have so lost heart that they have not thought it expedient to sow seed this year. In some districts the young crops have already been partially injured by these destructive animals. The grounds of objection put forward by the Council were that the State should defray the cost of clearing lands held by pastoral lessees and should assist the agriculturists in exterminating the evil on the lands belonging to them. It is note worthy that .the people really affected have, with but few exceptions. made no expression of opinion on the point. Their r urgent de mand , is \that legislation ? should bsv framed/5 speedily to make the destruction of rabbits simultaneous, com pulsory, and ./immediate, and they are willing to do all in their power to carry out its provisions. ? These were the views expressed by one of the largest deputations which has ever yet waited upon a Minister of the Crown in this colony, and the Government have so thoroughly realized the necessity for immediate action that they introduced a Bill in which they yielded to the views of the Council so far as pastoral lands held on lease were con cerned. The Assembly, however, very sensibly refused to burden the country with an expenditure so unwarrantable, and have modified the proposal to the extent that only those lessees holding their lands for a short period will be exempted from this heavy expense. The measure is' being pushed forward with all dispatch, and will very shortly be forwarded to the Legislative Council, whose imperative duty it will be to assist the Government to meet the desires of the Assembly and of the country. In the Assembly the debate on the Budget Speech was continued by Mr. Ross (the ex- Treasurer), Mr. Glyde, and Mr. Cooke. The Treasurer's figures were subjected to a very searching criticism, as also was the whole of the financial policy. The real tug of war, however, was after the debate in Committee of Supply was brought to a close and the resolutions for imposing additional taxation were pro posed in Committee of Ways and Means. In submitting these proposals the Go vernment had two main objects in view. The one was to increase the revenue, and the other to allow of a read justment of the incidence of taxation by the remission or reduction of some of the existing Customs duties. The first of these objects was, however, negatived by the casting-vote of the Chairman. Hence the whole amount raised by the new im posts, should they be carried, will be available for a reduction of the Customs duties. The Treasurer's proposals dealt with three different sorts of taxation. The first, a tax of sixpence in the pound on the assessed annual value of real property ; the Becond, a similar tax on the profits arising from all other property besides real property ; and the third, a tax of threepence in the pound on the incomes derived from trades, profes sions, and avocations. After a long and wearisome discussion the first two of these resolutions were carried. The third, however, was rejected, and in its stead the Committee agreed to levy a tax of threepence in the pound on the annual value of all moneys invested or employed in business assessed at the rate of 5 per cent per annum. The original propositions contained a proviso that the first £200 of income should be exempt from duty, and in the resolutions as carried there is also a proviso exempting a portion of the assessed annual value of money employed in business from the tax. The original intention was of course to levy both a property and an income tax. As the latter, however, was rejected ? it became necessary to arrange that all property other than real '' property Bhould be made liable to the impost. The reso lutions as passed by the Committee are$ 4t will be seen, very crude, and the' ' details will^no^ doubt -^have ^to be considerably . modified in ^ order . to make them workable.' '-, The /subject* has not excited very much .interest iu the country. A thinly-attended meeting was held in Adelaide ten days ago, bat it failed to excite much enthusiasm, and the purpose for which it was called, which was to oppose the Government scheme, was in reality frustrated. Although our taxation is comparatively light yet nearly the whole of our revenue from this source is raised from the Customs, towards which the poorer classes pay more than a fair proportion. The new scheme even in its modified form will do much towards equalizing the public burdens. In addi tion to this, in these colonies, where we have manhood suffrage, there is a great advantage in direct taxation, despite the undoubted objections which may fairly enough be urged against iL The prominence given to the financial questions has for the time pushed all other business almost entirely on one side. A Bill for amending the Elec toral Act has been introduced, but at present it has not got beyond the initial stages. It provides for the pay ment of a deposit by candidates, which is to be forfeited unless a certain proportion of votes are polled. The object of the provision is to guard against dummy can didatures, which are sometimes made with the sole view of forcing a contest. It also provides an entirely new machinery for revising the electoral rolls, instead of the Courts of Revision now in existence. The Government have also obtained leave to introduce a Bill having for its object the simplification of the procedure of the Supreme Court; which it is proposed to assimilate to that of the Local Court. The measure will also introduce a modifi cation of the system of trial by Jury as practised in this colony, and will, it is understood, include many of the recom mendations of the Commission on Tri '.bunils'of Commerce, to which we referred ast month. — At ? -prtaent - the - Bill has not been */; brought in. Two or three other matters of some importance have been brought forward during the month. A dispute having \- arisen between the Government and the contractors for the Rivoli Bay Jetty | the subject was referred to arbitration, ;and the President of the Legislative j Council was appointed to act on behalf ;of the Government. This proceeding iwas, to say the least, very unwise, and ; yesterday a motion was carried in the Assembly by a majority of fourteen that in future no member ;of Parliament shall be asked to represent the Government in similar cases. Another ^matter that has been referred to in Par liament more than once is the defective character of a large portion of the rails supplied for the Port Augusta line. The whole subject is being investigated by tho Government, who for the present object, for prudential reasons, to make public all the information they possess. It is (evident that gross fraud has been practised by some one, and it is to be hoped that the enquiries which are being instituted will lead to the exemplary punishment of those who have been the offenders. In the meantime the untoward circumstance is likely to occasion con siderable delay in carrying out the work. ; The new clause in the Education Bill now before the House which the Govern ment propese to introduce for the purpose of abolishing the Council of Education is in print. The powers hereto fore vested in the Council will be vested in the Minister instead. In the meantime the harmony of the relations between the political head of the department and the members of the Council has received a rude shock. The circumstances maybe narrated in two or three sentences. Among the schools recently built by the Council was one at Ilmdraarsh. The contractor was a Mr. James Shaw. The specifications required that Dry Creek stone should be used. In consequence of a difficulty in obtaining this material the contractor applied to be allowed to use other stone. Thi3 was granted by the Council on the express understanding that Shaw would do so at his own cost and that no extra amount would be paid to him because of the change. WTien the contract was completed Shaw applied for £175 as part of the extra cost incurred by him in procuring stone of another kind, and the Council very properly refused to entertain the application. Two or three weeks since they were surprisedatreceiving a Cabinet minute requesting them to hand over to Shaw the amount claimed by him. They protested against this interference, and subsequently four of them resigned. The papers relating to the matter have been moved for, and the whole question is likely to be discussed in Parliament. The only other political topic is the resignation in consequence of ill health of the Hon. J. Colton, the late Premier and one of the members for Noarlunga. Mr. Colton had considerable shrewdness as a leader, and his absence from the House has been much felt during the late financial debate. The Opposition appear to be disorganized, and their action is consequently not nearly bo useful or so effective as it would be if they were under a good leader. I TurniDg from political matters we regret greatly to record the total stoppage of the works at the world-famed Wallaroo Mine. The announcement, although it came un expectedly, excited but little surprise, inasmuch as the continued depression in the copper market had prepared' the public for this unwelcome intelligence. Nevertheless the closing of this mine is extremely disheartening. 'Whilst the smaller properties have one after another succumbed to the stagnation of the metal market, the Wallaroo and Moonta Mines continued operations, although on a less extensive scale than before, and all hopes of an early revival ofi trade were not abandoned. The out look at the present moment is, however, exceedingly gloomy so far as the mining industry is concerned, and the step taken byj the Directors of the Wallaroo Mine is amply justified. Great consideration has been shown for the men whom this cessa tion of operations will throw out of employment, and it is only just to the miners themselves to state that their conduct has been praiseworthy in i the extreme, and that they have received the blow which has fallen upon them in a most manful spirit. The stoppage of works is to be so arranged as to leave the property in the best position for an immediate resumption of operations when an improvement takes place in the price of copper. At the Kurilla Mine, an adjacent property, the Manager and em ploye's have adopted a course infinitely to their credit. They have voluntarily offered to accept a reduction in their wages of 10 per cent, and it is to be hoped that they will reap the benefit of theirunselfishaction. Wbilstitis extremely discouraging that the prostration of one of the staple industries of the colony should be so long continued, it is consoling to find that the colonists whom it so nearly affeefs are meeting the calamity in a courageous spirit. ' The Government have been urged to provide work for the unemployed miners, and tt is to be hoped they will see their way to do this. Should the long-expected rise in the market be near at hand the change wi& find the resources of the colony in this respect greater than ever, as the past fourteen or fifteen months have been employed in developing the mines and in ? preparing them for the resumption of operations on a larger scale than before. A meeting has been held during th« month to adopt a congratulatory address to Mr. Gladstone as a counterpoise to the despatch forwarded from Adelaide to Lord Beaconsfield, which purported to represent the views of colonists generally. The meeting was not very largely attended, but the manner in which the move ment has ' been responded to shows that there is a very large section of the comm-nnity vhicb ktf B0 IJItptXhy with the poKcy of the Conservative Govern ment. Signatures to the address havo been procured among all classes and in many parts of the colony, and the docu ment, which is to be forwarded by tho outgoing mail has now attached to it over three thousand signatures. The partial failure of tho last South Australian Four Per Cent. Loan of £688,500 has created somo anxiety here. The minimum price of issue was fixed at £05, and the amount tendered was but £120,000, at tho average price of five shillings above the minimum. The depression that prevails generally iu colonial stocks is, however, sufficient t.) explode the assertions of alarmists aiul pessimi8ta that the credit of the colony is diminishing and that capitalists in England are losing faith somewhat iu South Australian bonds. There is, iruloed, no warrant for any such conclusion, fur the colony is moro nourishing and pros perous than ever. Moreover, there can be no doubt that, though there is room for improvement, the public finances of Sjuth Australia are on a sounder footing than those of any of tho Australian Colonies. It is true that one of our Btaple industries is languishing, but on the other hand tho clip of wool and the wheat harves^H| promise to be more abundant and mc^i^y plentiful than they have been for ye ^H past. Before this summary reaches England the public will have been made aware of the fact that the lengthy negotiations for the duplication of the submarino cable which have lately been proceeding between the Governments of the Australian Colonies and the Eastern Extension Company have uow proved fruitless. The regret that is generally felt at their failure is enhanced by the fact that the difficulty which has led to this unfortunate contretemps has arisen at the eleventh hour, as \ip to witliin the last few days matters appeared to bo progressing rapidly towards a satisfactory issue. The breakdown was consequently quite unexpected. The pretext put for ward by the Directors of the Company does a great injustice to the Press of the colonies. They have, they say, ' no power to allow Press combinations' for tho transmission of telegrams, and further, they state that the Press ' does not seem to ajjpreciate the sacrifices tho Com pany haa offered to make.' In the first place it has to be borne in mind that the right of Press combina tion is one that has been steadily insisted upon from the outset of the negotiations. And at that time the insuperable objec tions to the practice now urged appear to have had no existence. Thus in October ast in a telegram published by the Com pany announcing the departure from London of Colonel Glover, tho agent who has conducted the negotiations on their behalf, the following words occurred : — ' If duplication agreed upon it is proposod tv) give important privileges to the Press generally, with largely reduced rates for Press messages in intelligible language.' A very simple calculation is sufficient to show the nature of the 'important privileges' the Press would secure under the arrangement now proposed by the Company. In the first place, it may bo mentioned, they agreed to reduce tho charges by 75 per cent., but on condition of the abolition of cypher codes, &c.; : thus the Company obtained a counter concession of about 20 per cent. Iu the ext place it has been found that no reduc tion can be made over the Indian and Java lines, which reduces tho original concession by the further sum of about 15 ? per cent. The reduction in this manner really amounted therefore to only 40 per cent., and this advantage would be almost if not entirely swept away by refusing to the Press the right of combination — a refusal, however, which could not be enforced. We refer to those facts to show that tho Directors are not placing the matter before the public in a fair light, and are moreover scarcely warranted in dwel ling upon their ' sacrifices. ' The public and the Company themselves will be the sufferers, and it is much to be regretted that the increased facility o£ communication is likely to be again delayed. The conditions which the Com pany now Beek to impose are not only unreasonable but are also, we believe, utterly impracticable. The half-yearly report of tho CliioT Inspector of Sheep, which has been pub lished during the month, bears ample testimony to the accuracy of our assertion in respect of the woolgrowing industry. At the beginning of the year the flocks were still Buffering somewhat from the effects of the dry weather previously ex perienced, but since then the rainfall has been abundant, grass is growing luxuriantly, and the flocks aro now in splendid condition. They have enjoyed a gratifying immunity from disease, and the lambing is Baid to be the best that has been obtained for many years. Furthermore the clip of wool is stated to be ' unusually promising,' and live atock generally are in a healthy condition. No steps have yet been taken by the , Government to remove the prohibition against the im portation of stock from foreign ports. The state of the crops is all that could be desired, and the prospects of the harvest are, as we have stated, exceedingly favour able. The early-BOwn crops are thriving wonderfully, owing to the frequent showera of rain, and the late-sown crops, although necessarily somewhat backward, are like wise coming on welL The weather con tinues to be favourable, and there is every reason to believe that the hopes of the agriculturist and the sheepfarmer will be abundantly realized. Members of Paeuameitt as Aee: TKATOKS FOE TITE GOVJEKNMEJJT.— We do not think the Ministry are to beiram mended for the defence set up byJmom for their action in appointing SirJVVm. Milne as their arbitrator in the matters in dispute between the Government and the contractors for the Rivoli Bay Jetty. At the same time we. believe it was a wise thing on the part of the House ? to amend Mr. Bray's motion so as to make it apply solely to the future. Neverthe less it appears to H3 that many of the arguments on both sides were conceived in much too narrow a spirit. It seems to us that quite apart from the exact inter pretation of the Constitution Act or the Contractors in Parliament Act, the ap pointment of a member of the Legislature to arbitrate for the Government is highly inexpedient. We do nob for one moment suppose that any mischief will arise from the action of the Ministry in regard to the particular case in question. We confess, however, that we fail altogether to see the force of the argument used by the Premier. Admitting for the sake of argument that such a selection is not in contravention of the law, and that there is a precedent to be found in the course adopted by the English Government in connection with the Alabama difficulty — it still comes to be a question whether in a comniunity such as ours it is wise to avail our selves to the utmost of the power conferred by the law. From the standpoint of the Government the selection of a member ot Parliament to act for them in cases of dispute may be perfectly legal ; and so far, on this assump tion, Mr. Boucaut's reasoning is sound enough. On the other hand, however, it would not be illegal to appoint some one outside the Legislature, and we can scarcely believe that it would be impos sible to find a suitable person willing to act. Considering the smaUness of our Legislature and the great importance of removing every ground for suspicion that the Ministry of the day are seeking to influence members by offering certain positions to them, the terms of Mr. Bray's motion as amended will we believe commend themselves to the judgment of the majority of the electors. We have no fear that it will tie the hands of the Government to such an extent as at any time to cause serious inconvenience or to endanger the public interests. South Australian Phodccts at Paris. — The Agent-General has telegraphed to the Government that the first prize for wheat has been awarded to South Australia at the Paris Exhibition, and that the Jury described the South 'Australian exhibits as a collection magntfqtte. A gold medal has also been awarded for floor sent from this colony. Passengkhs by thb Mail Steajieb. — The following passengers have booked to leave per the RJkLS. Siam, which leaves Glenelg for England to-day -.—For King George's Sound — Messrs. S. Marshall, J. H. Walker, Henry Davey, and W. Horley. For Galle— Miss Miller. The Taxation Resolutions.— The Hon. J. Carr is to ask the Treasurer in the House of As sembly to-day- 'Whether under the resolution 4, subdivision c, by which all moneys .invested or employed in any business, trade, or avocation in South Australia, for every 20s. of the annual value thereof assessed at the rate of 5 per centum per annum, a duty of 3d. in the pound is to be charged, is it to be understood that any moneys borrowed, or overdrafts at any Bank as capital for business transactions, shall be liable to such assessment 'f Lecjisiativb Cocscn. Elections.— A public meeting to consider who are the most fit persons to represent the colony in the Legislative Couccil will be held at the Institute Hall, Hindmarsh. this evening. Children's Hospital Cohcbbt. — We are informed that all the performers engaged for this concert, to take place on Monday evening next, professional and otherwise, will give their services gratuitously, and that a very large number of tickets have already been disposed of. Theatre Kotax.— A fan* audience assembled on Wednesday evening to witness the second representation of 'Nemesis' by the Lydia Howarde Tronpe. As on the previous evening the extravaganza was preceded by the comic drama of ' The Spitalfields Weaver.' The per formance throughout, judging from the merri ment and frequent applause which greeted the principal performers, passed off in a highly satis factory manner. The same programme will be repeated this evening. Thb Totb of Cbnscbb. — When Mr. Ward's motion expresiingdisapprovalof the action of the Ministry in the conduct of its business as need lessly tending to provoke a collision between the Minister of Education and the Council of Education was called on in the House of Assembly on Wednesday the hon. member was not present, and consequently the motion lapsed. Mr. Ward subsequently explained that his absence was not intentional, but he thought Mr. Darling's motion with regard to the police being afforded a day of rest, which had been postponed for a fortnight, would have occupied the House for an hour. However, had he been in his place he would not have moved the motion, aa he intended to defer taking action on the subject until the correspondence moved for by Mr. Parsons was laid on the table, and he should then not allow the matter to pass with out protesting against the conduct of the Ministry. Mr. Parsons's motion for the produc tion of correspondence aud minutes of the Council of Education and the Cabinet on the subject of the Hindmarsh Public School was afterwards carried. Acceptances for thb Jockbt Club Mbbt ino. — Mr.J. L. Stirling's Sheet Anchor having neglected to accept for S.A.J.C. Handicap Steeplechase has now been allowed to accept with the written consent of each acceptor in the race, which has been obtained. Through a mistake a wrong list of acceptors was copied on Tuesday. The correct list appears to- day. Adelaide Bknbvolent and Strangers' Frienu Society. — The Committee, of this Society held its usual monthly meeting ou Tuesday, September 3, 187S, at the Church Office ; Mr. W. Rhodes in the chair. The Trea surer's minute was read, showing a balance in hand of £35 12s. Sd. The sum voted to relieve the various cases brought forward at the meeting, together with that for emergency orders during the last month, amounted to £14 9s. 6d., being to relieve 31 cases. Each member of the Com mittee was empowered to draw to the extent of 10s. in cases of emergency during the ensuing month. A special meeting of the Society wa* then held to consider matters connected with the incorporation of the Society. It was pro posed by the Rev. R. S. Casely, and seconded by Mr. R. Berry — 'That the amended rules and regulations as recommended by the SubCom mittee be adopted ;' carried. It was proposed by Mr. H. S. Anthony, and seconded by Mr. J. Sttele— ' That Messrs. R. Berry, A W. Dobbie, H. Hussey, W. Rhodes, S. Bakewell, and H. S. Anthony 'be authorized to use the corporate seal of the Society, any two to act;' carried. A design for a seal was submitted and adopted, and the Secretary was instructed to get one made. The Secretary reported that the usual notices had been given, that the time had expired, and that the solicitors expected to have the incorporation complete ia time for the annual meeting. Winb and Sfikit Costpany.— We quote the following extracts from the Directors' repsrfc which ia to be submitted at the half-yearly meeting to be held next week : — 'In submitting the tenth half- yearly balance-sheet, the Direc tors congratulate the shareholders on the steady progress and on the increasing business of the Company. Considering that the half-year now under review is invariably a quiet one, and thit the opposition in the trade is keen, the opera tions of the Company ahow a very satisfactory result. The Directors have felt themselves justified in declaring a dividend at the rate of 12 per cent, per annum, which, with the interim dividend of S per cemt. paid in March last, gives the shareholders 10 per cent, on their capital for the year, and leaves a balance of undivided profits amounting to £335 15s. 2d. The Direc tors believe the stock to be carefully valued and well (telpfteo, consisting of all good saleable brands. Ample allowance has been made for bad and doubtful debts.' From the balance sh«»et wo m.:e that the net prodt for th# half jear was £710 I5s. 2J., and that the stock of feuds is valued at £l'j,;l~ Matxala Snow.— The annual Show and i ploughing matches in connection wi'h the jMallala Agricultujal Society were held at Mallala on Tuesday, September 3. The exhibi tion of stock and dairy produce was capital, and altogether the Show was a great success. A dinner was held ia the evening, when the touts ruatl on such occasions were drank. Thb Hounds.— The hounds will meet at the .Adelaide Old Racecourse this morning. Thb Address to Mb. Gladstone. — The lopies of the address to the Right Hon. W. 3\. Gladstone which were distributed for lignature have been collected, and it is found :hat 3,100 persons have subscribed their namea ;o it. The Committee met at the office of the Secretary to the movement (Mr. R. Allen, jun.) yesterday and signed the address, which has -een beautifully written and appropriately lluminated by Mr. W. G. P. Joyner. The :rown is ornamented by the South Australian :oat-of-arms, on one side of which there is a iketch of a reaping-machine at work in a field of sheat and dose by a flock of sheep grazing. On :he other side there is a drawing of the Port, »ith the hills in the distance and a train ourneying towards the city. On the left-hand dde margin a kangaroo hunt is faithfully lepicted, whilst on the opposite side is a picture -f two or three emus. At the foot a sketch ia $iven of the buildings, &c;, on the surface of the tiurra Mine. The address, which is bordered icith ears of wheat and grass-trees, is to be nounted on satin with tassels at the corners, ind will be forwarded to England by the out going maiL The following is a copy of the iocument :— ' To the Bight Honourable W. K. Sladstoue.— Right Honourable and Dear Sir— &.n address having recently been sent from this :olony to Earl Beacousfield congratulating and iomplinientiiig him upon the results of the Uongress at Berlin and upon the reestablish lient of peace in Europe, we the undersigned inhabitants of South Australia desire to assure fou that that address should be accepted only is the expression of the opinion of a portion of shis community ; and we wish to express our relief that it is due to the action of yourself and ,-our friends that Great Britain has been kept -ut of the war; and further, that had your xmnsels prevailed at the outset of the difficulty, dl the horror of the Rnsso-Turkish war would lave been avoided, and the large accession of «rritory to Russia would have been prevented. 5Ve earnestly hope that your life may be long spared, and that you may be cheered by the ?ecollection of the many beneficent services that rou have rendered oar country. — We are, dear Jir, Yoru Geatefttl Fellow- countrymen.' LBCTTREB on Physiology.— The fourth of a series of popular lectures on Physiology, in sonnection with the Adelaide University, was delivered at the Stow Lecture Hall by Dr. J. Davies Thomas on Tuesday evening, the subject jeicg '?the Tissues of the Body and their microscopic character.' The lecturer com menced by stating that the tissues might be livided into five classes— first, homogeneous, »lid or semifluid substance called protoplasm, bioplasm, ' sarcode, or bastema; secondly, pinnies of extreme minuteness ; thirdly, cells ; fourthly, fibres ; and fifthly, tubes. Reference was made to the movements of granules, such as Browinan movements of inorganic pu tides, movements of bacteria and of pigment granules, Ssc. A short sketch was given of the structure if connective tissue, fatty tissue, muscular fibre, cartilage, bone, and nerve fibre, as well as the structure of the arteries, capillaries, and veins. The Education Bill.— The following is the new clause providing for the abolition of the Council of Education, which, in accordance with the decision of the House of Assembly, is to be proposed by the Minister ef Education in the Education Bill : — ' The Council of Edu ction is hereby abolished, and all duties or obligations which by the Education Act, 1S75, jr the ' Education Act Amendment Act, 1877,' are imposed upon the Council, and all powers, lights, privileges, and authorities which by the said Acts are conferred upon or may be ex ercised by the Council shall hereafter be per formed, had, and exercised by such member of the Executive Council for the time being as the Governor may appoint to have control over the Education Department, and such member of the Executive Council for the time being so ap pointed, and his successors, shall be for the pur poses of the said Acts and of this Act a body politic and corporate under the name or title of the ' Minister controlling Education,' and shall ind may by that name or title sue and be sued plead and be impleaded, in all Courts, whether }f law or equity, and before all Justices, and shall have perpetual succession and a common leal ; and all lands, hereditaments, whether :orporeal or incorporeal, moneys, chattels, goods, ind choses in action respectively, vested in or belonging to the Council for the purposes ot the said Acts, shall hereafter, according to the juality thereof, vest in or belong to the Minister controlling Education' in his cor porate capacity and his successors in trust for :he purposes of the said Acts.' Nock's Act. — A public meeting was held at yCntaro on Monday, September 2, for the par pose of protesting against the repeal of Nock's let. There was a good attendance of the resi Jenta of the place and neighbourhood. The Rev. O. T. Newman was called on to preside, ind- in a lengthy speech reviewed the question rf Sunday liquor traffic and the efforts by which the present law was secured. He said thire ras a general admission that the lawhadbjen beneficial ; it had been instrumental in the pro notion of order, and had lessened the evil* of Sunday drunkenness. But a cry had been rai -ed by the brewers and a certain class of public ins 'or its repeal, and that even before the Act sine into operation. A Bill having for its object the reopening of public-houses on Sun lay evenings had passed its second reading in the Souse of Assembly. The third reading htd been deferred, as it was currently believjd, in fcthe hope that the elections for tV Legislative Council would result in the retux a )f men pledged to the repeal of the law ; conse quently it behoved all friends of moral order ind the sanctity of the Sabbath to support only those men who would give the present Act a fair trial. He said he could easily understand the action of a section of the House of Assembly, because they were directly benefited by the liquor traffic— men who grew rich by the desolation of families and the ruin of indi viduals. There was one hon. member known to most present, Mr. H. Fraser. (Laughter.) He knew they had a particular remembrance of him, also of his profession of teetotalism aid his extravagant denunciation of the liquw traffic; so they knew what estimate to put up?n his recent utterances in the House in his unwarrantable abuse of teetotallers. Mr. H. Jolly, in a vigorous speech, moved — 'That in the opinion of this meeting the operation of Nock's Act has been attended with beneficial results, and it regards the efforts to effect its repeal as unjustifiable.' He said they all knew that he was opposed to Sunday drink ing, from the fact that he was opposed to the use of alcoholic liquors altogether. In reference to Sunday closing of public-houses, he did not see why they should be open at all, any more than other business houses, and protested against the legalized violation of the sanctity of the Sabbath. The beneficial effects of Sunday clewing had been demonstrated in Scotland and in Victoria. Of the disorder and misery con sequent upon a legalized Sunday Jiquor_ traffic they had had frequent exhibitions in their own township. Referring to the discussion in the House of Assembly, he said some members seemed to think they monopolized the whole of the brains of the people. Hon. members! save the) mark! There was Mr. H. Fraser. He had heard him when a resident of Mintaro use stronger, more pointed, ani more offensive language in reference to liqnor traffic dealers than he had heard from any other man in South Australia. His speech in the Housa of Assembly was a direct insult to the working men. He (Mr. Jolly) denounced the claptrap cry that it was the working min who was the object of sympathy ; it was the brewers and publicans who were the disturbers of a beneficial law. Mr. Jas. Brown seconded the resolution. He remarked that putting aside the teetotal aspect of the question the Act ought to have a fair trial, which it had not yet received. The arguments used in advocating its repeal be considered ridiculous in the ex treme. The fact was that the whole scheme was cut and dried at the hut elections. The brewers were at the bottom of the agitation, and they re quired more looking after than the squatters, for they were acquiring a monopoly of the public-houses throughout the colony, and the publican could only do the bidding of his prin cipal. The resolution was carried unanimously and with great enthusiasm. It was resolved that Messrs. Jolly, McLeish, and Lloyd form a Committee to canvass the district for signatures to memorials to both Houses of Parliament against Mortlock's Bill. The Chairman brought under the notice of the meeting the necessity of vigorous action at the coming election for the Legislative Council, and said that Dr. Camp bell, Messrs. Pickering and C. B. Young were favourable to Nocks Act, and therefore de served the support of electors. Thb Bahunoa Railway.— The WaUa-oo Hints states that Messrs. Thompson & Risley are pushing on with their contract at the Biranga Extension vigorously. In addition to a large portion of the earthworks which are nearly completed, the ballasting is Iaii down for more than a mile, A number of the carpanters recently discharged from the Wallaroo Mine* have proceeded there seeking employment, and they will be at once employed at the bridges and other timber work. Hcnt Clcb Races,— The tale of booths will take place thk evening. Thb Corscn, of Edccatioh akd thb Minibtby. — A special meeting of this Council was held on Wednesday, September 4, to con sider the reply of the Minister of Education to the Council's protest against his reversal of their decision in reference to the Hindmarsh School contract. The President, Mr. Hartley, B.A., ESc, occupied the chair. Messrs. W. D. Glyde, J.P., andJ.F. Oonigrave, the only non-omcial members who have not resigned, were also present. The Minister's letter, which was dated September 3, was addressed to the President Mid was aa follows : — ' Sir— I have to acknow ledge the receipt of a memorandum embodying i protest against the action taken by myself in the matter of the Hindmanh School contract. I regret the lodging of snch a protest, doubtless influenced by my minute dated August 1, 1678, referred to therein ; and I now pat on record, as I have before verbally stated, that that minute was not intended for the Council or to be seen by them, but was a confidential minute hastily summarizing my views as to the liability of the (.Government for the information of the Cabinet, liie t«rms of the protest show also that the Council of Education has misunderstood the ictjou of the Government, as Government having duties and liabilities over and above those attaching to it as the body controlling the Council of Education. It' only the latter position bad been involved I should have left the matter entirely to the Council or else have requested them again to consider the matter for such reasons as I should have pointed out. In fact if I bad thought the Council would have preferred to bave had an opportunity of reconsidering the question before I finally decided upon the course [ should recommend the Government to adopt [ would have referred the matter back to them isith my views upon it, and in the event of a similar case arising will take that action. Here, bowever, the position is substantially this — the government made a contract with Mr. Shaw that he was to build them a school with stone to be supplied to him by them from their juarry ; and the Government having afterwards made default in supplying that stone, whereby the contractor was injured, it appeared to me that the Government were bound to recompense him, and that if this were not done through the Council of Education it ought to be done through some other department. I hope, there fore, that the Council of Education will fully understand that the action of the Government was perfectly consistent with a high apprecia tion of the value of their services to the State, sad was not an overruling of the Council in a mere departmental matter.' The letter having been read, Mr Glyde moved that it be entered on the minutes. The motion was carried with out discussion, and the Council adjourned alter accepting the following tenders: — For school residences at Greeen's Plains and Salisbury, for improvements at Waterloo, and for furniture for the office of the chief of school visitors. The tenderers in the last case were Messrs. Buttery Brothers. Scdden Death.— The City Coroner (Mr. Thomas Ward, J-P.) held an inquest at Walker ville on Wednesday morning, September 4, on the body of Thomas Fielder, aged 27, who died suddenly on Monday evening, September 2. Mr. G. Nethway was chosen Foreman of the Jury. William Rose, of Prospect, in whose employ deceased was, said he was a steady, honest, industrious young man. At about 20 minutes past 5 o'clock on Monday evening he complained of feeling ill and tried to vomit. 'Witness told him to leave off work ani go home. He did so, but experienced great diffi culty in getting there. Martha Fielder, wife of deceased, said that her husband, who used to complain of headache and sickness, arrived home at about a quarter to 7 o'clock on Monday evening. He said he felt ill and lay down on the bed. He called to her shortly afterwards and asked for some mustard and water to make him sick. He took some and. began vomiting. While vomiting he fell off the chair he was sitting on to the ground. She tried to raise him, but could not, and having put pillows under hia head she ran for his father, who came at once. When she returned a few minutes afterwards her husband was dead. Dr. Mclntyre said he was called to see deceased between 7 and 8 o'clock on Monday evening. When he arrived at the house he found deceased quite dead. He had made a post-mortem exami nation of the body, and found that the brain was considerably discoloured and was very dark. On opening the membrane covering the brain he found thin clotted blood all over the superior part, which blood came from the superior vein. The brain itself was healthy. The lungs and heart were healthy, but the latter was empty of blood. The membranes of the abdomen aad the bowels and stomach were also healthy. The right lobe of the liver was considerably en larged, and if deceased had lived much longer an abscess wonld have formed there. The cause of death would be hemorrhagic effusion on the brain. The diseased liver would produce a feeling of nausea. James Fielder, father of de ceased, said his son's wife called him on Monday evening and said deceased was dying. He went and found him on the floor of his bed room. Believed he was dead. Sent for Dr. Mclntyre, who on arriving said he was dead. The Jury returned the following verdict: — ' The cause of death is hemorrhagic effusion on the brain.' ~Thb Defbcttvh Rails.— In the Housefof Assembly on Wednesday the Commissioner of Public Works, in reply to Mr. Hardy, stated with regard to the large proportion of the 14,000 tons of rails lately arrived for the Port Au gusta Railway which have been found to bs unfit for use that the whole matter hadj been placed in the hands of the Law Officers of the Crown, who would instruct the Agent-General by the outgoing mail as to the action he should take on the subject: The Government are in possession of the names of the parties connected with the question, but consider that it might be prejudicial to the public interests to make them known at present. Mr. Hardy had pre viously given notice of motion for Wednesday next — 'That there be laid on the table of this House copies of all contracts in the possession of the Government relating to the rails for the Port Augusta Railway, and of all correspon dence and information received by the Govern ment from any persons relating to the alleged inferior quality of those rails, aud of all corre spondence and telegrams from the Agent General relating to those rails, together with a return of — 1. The quantity of rails contracted for. 2. The names of the contractors. 3. The names of the Consulting Engineer and of his In spector, and (so far as known) of all other per sons employed on behalf of the Government to ascertain before shipment and payment whether the rails were according to contract. 4. The quantity of rails shipped, by what ships, at what dates, and which of such ships have arrived re spectively. 5. How much money has been paid on account of each shipment, and how much of the total purchase-money is yet unpaid ? 6. The contract price per ton for those rails, and (so far as known) what was the market price of rails in England at the date of the contract ? 7. The results of the testing of the quality of the rails which have arrived by each ship ? 8. By what instalments, and under the authority of whose signature, were the rails to be paid for ?' Fbabftjl Accident at Mount Gahbieb. — One of the most painful accidents which (says the Souih-Eastern Star) it has been our duty to record occurred on Saturday, August 31. A heap of rubbish was being burnt on the farm of Mr. Edward Jacobs, Glenburnie.on the morning in question, and Mrs. Jacobs and her little daughter, aged four years, were attending to the fire. The house is about 200 yards distant from the spot where the rubbish was burning, and having some domestic duties to attend to Mrs. Jacobs left the little girl for a few moments. As she was returning the mother observed her daughter holding up her hands, and perceived that her clothes were on fire. Mrs. Jacobs rushed to her assistant, and as quickly as possible rendered all the aid in her power, bat unfor tunately the poor child was sadly burned before the flames could be subdued. All the clothes, excepting the boots, were burned from the little one's body, and her eyebrows and eye lashes were completely destroyed, only her hards and feet escaping from the flames. The mother, too, suffered severely from burns received daring her efforts to extinguish the ire. The little girl was taken to her home and Dr. Jackson was at onre sent for, but all the skill which could be brought to bear upon the patient was unavailing, and she died on Saturday night. White's Rooms. — The attendance at White's Rooms on Wednesday evening was an improve ment on previous occasions, and the entertain ment was given in a manner that gave complete satisfaction to the audience. To-nigh* there will be an entire change of programme, the usual ghost bill giving place to a variety enter t&inmerit.; Vital Statistics.— The number of births and deaths registered in the General Register Office during the week ended Saturday, August 31, 1S78, were :— Birth*, 184 moles, S3 females. Deaths —30 males, 35 females ; total— 190 births, 55 deaths. Bcce& of births— 135. The District of Adelaide.— Births— 28 males, 21 females; deaths— 9 males, 8 females ; total— 48 births, 17 deaths. Svxm of births, 32. . ACCIDENTALLY DROWNED AT PORT ADELAIDE —The City Coroner (Mr. T. Ward, JP.) held an inquest at the Port Admiral Hotel, Port Ade laide, on Wednesday afternoon, September 4, on the body of James Blance, a seaman, who was drowned in the Port Stream on the previous afternoon. Mr. Wm. H. Miller was Foreman of the Jury. Lily Lambert, married woman, of Glanville, said deceased had lodged with her off and on during the past two months. Thought he was a single man, and aged. 33 years, but without relatives in the colony. He told her he came from North Delting, Shetland, Scotland, where his parents were living. He left her house at 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon, saying he was going aboard the ketch Vivid for his clothes. He was quite sober. E. W. Russell, master of the ketch Vivid, deposed that he had known deceased for seven or eight months past. Thought he was under 30 years of age. He had been working as an able seaman in his vessel for about two months. He was a sober, steady man. Believed he had been in the colony about three years. Was not aboard when the accident occured. William Delmont, master of the ketch Dashing Wave, stated that deceased, who was quite sober, borrowed his boat to go to the Vivid on the. previous afternoon. George Stephenson, master of the Government steam launch, said about a quarter to 5 o'clock on the previous afternoon, as he was steaming in the river, be saw a man struggling in the water close to the Vivid with a bundle of clothes near him. Being about 40 yards distant towing two pontoons could not render immediate assistance. Only had a boy with him. Sang out that a man was drowning, and several persons heard him. A man on board the Bronzewing heard him, but having no boat alongside he :ould not render any assistance. Some men that were on the punts got into a boat and went to the spot, but they only saw the clothes. Had heard that the deceased could not swim. James Addison, mate of the ketch Bronzewing, stated that he saw the deceased go alongside the Vivid, and had a conversation with him. Witness then corroborated evidence already given. Alfred Cornell, water police-constable, proved having searched for the body on the previous evening, tnd finding it at half-past 7 o'clock that morn ing. Upon the deceased was found £1 4s. 7d., and a silver medal of the Seamen's Union. John Rae, another constable, said the deceased's bag, which was picked up by the witness Stephenson, contained a Savings Bank book showing a balance of £105 16s. 2d. The book was made out in the name of ' James Blance, ketch Capella, Port.' Dr. J. T. Toll said the body showed every appearance of death being caused by drowning. The age of deceased seemed to be about 26. The Coroner said that was only another case in which a seaman had lost his life through being unable to swim. A verdict of accidental drowning was returned. We are requested by the Secretary of the Sea men's Union, Port Adelaide, of which deceased was a member, to say that he was highly respected in the Union. The funeral takes place to-day, and the members will follow the remains to the grave. M-TiAnp ?Waixace-Bcshbixb. — We quote the following paragraph referring to this lady, who died at Sydney, on August 16, from the Sydaey Morning Herald .—'The deceased lady was the daughter of: Mr. Wallace, for many years band master of the 29th or Queen's Own Regiment, and sister of the late Vincent Wallace, the eminent composer. The last-named, having received the appointment of organist at the Roman Catholic Church at Thurles, and teacher of music in the Rosaline Convent there, placed his sister under the charge of the sisters of the convent. At ten years of age she was able to play difficult airs on the violin, and possessed remarkable vocal ability. This talent she perseveringly cultivated, and those who remember Sydney some 35 years ago may recollect her appearance at public concerts in company with her brother and Mr. John Bushelle, the hitter of whom she subsequently marrried. At the early age of 21 she became a widow, and, returning to Europe with her brother, was engaged by Mendelssohn to sing in the ' Elijah' at Vienna. After ful filling a series of engagements in Europe and America she again came to Australia about the year 1S64 and settled here as a teacher of music She died suddenly of heart disease at the age of 56 years.' A Distinguished Visitoh. — Professor Tbomatis, of Colac, has received (says the Melbourne Herald) news by the last mail that a cousin of ILB.H. the Count de Chambord, heir of the Bourbonic dynasty, whom the French Legitimists style Henry V., is paying a visit to his family, and has expressed the intention of making a tour through the Australian Colonies. Professor Thomatis expects the royal cadet to arrive in Melbourne in September next. Rowrao Prizb.— Rowing men will be glad to learn (says the Argus) that through the gene rosity of Mr. W. J. Clarke a cap of the value of 100 guineas will shortly be placed in the hands of the Victorian Bowing Association, to take the place of the Footscray Cup, woa outright by the Melbourne Club at the late Melbourne Re gatta. Mr. L. W. Bell, through whom the prize is presented, has intimated to the Hon. Secretary of the Association that the only condition placed on the gift is that it is for the senior eight-oar race. Sttd Sheep Sale?.— The annual sale of stud sheep was commenced on August 27 by Messrs. Powers, Rutherford, & Co. at Messrs. W. B. Jones's, Sandridge, Victoria, when Mr. E. W Pitts' South Australian stud Merino rams were offered for sale. There was a large attendance of stockowners, and the biddings were very spirited. The result (says the Argus) shows that the Mghly useful and money-making qualities Of Mr. Pitts' sheep are thoroughly appreciated by those flockmasters who breed for profit and not for fancy. The purchasers are from widely separated districts in Australia, and it is worthy of notice that -the rams which brought the highest price were secured by a South Australian buyer. At the same store Mr, Anderson, the auctioneer for Messrs. Ryan and Hammond, sold 20 remarkably fine-framed rams from the stud flock of Messrs. Sanders, James, &. Co., of Canowie, South Australia. Though the Canowie are famous prize-takers in South Australia, they have never before been shown or sold in Victoria. Their appearance is highly in their favour. They nave great frames, fine constitutions, their wool is long in staple and of excellent quality, aad they possess the useful quality of yielding a heavy fleece which realizes a good price in the European markets. The average weight of the wool oa the Canowie Estate last year from 52,997 sheep was S lbs. 15£ ozs. for each sheep, and 4 lbs. 5|ozs. for every lamb. These sheep are grass-fed, and endure a change of climate and food remarkably welL The following are particulars of the sales : —Canowie Rams.— Messrs. Kent & Wienholt, of Queensland, 1 at £210, 1 at £204 15s.. 1 at £131 5s., and 1 at £94 10s.; Mr. Ingle Brown, of Victoria, 1 at £189 and 1 at £63 5s.; Mr. W. Robertson, of South Australia, 1 at £178 10s. and 1 at £94 10«. ; Dr. Telford, of Few South Wales, 1 at £141 15s , 1 at £110 5s., 1 at £68 5s., and 1 at £47 5s. ; Mr. W.R. Virgoe, of Victoria, 1 at £115 10s., 1 at £99 15s., and 1 at £39 5s. ; Mr. Ware, of Victoria, 1 at £94 10s.; Messrs. Watt and Thompson, of New South Wales, 1 at £84; Mr. B. J. Gilman ,of New South Wales, 1 at £78 15s. ; Mr. E. M. Young, of Victoria, 2 at £63 5s. ; total, £2^36 10s., being equal to £111 16s. 6d. for the 20 Canowie «ams, the highest average it is said yet obtained in the colonies for that number of sheep. Mr. Pitts' Rams.— Mr. Dunn, of South Australia, 2 at £194 5s.; Messrs. Booth & Attenboroagh, of Victoria, 1 at £141 15s., 2 at £78 15s., 3 at £73 10s.. 1 at £52 10s, 2 at £42, and 1 at £31 10s. ; Mr. Ingle Brown, of Victoria, 1 a* £126,1 at £8953., and 1 at £52 10s. ; Messrs. Kent & Wienholt, of Queensland, 2 at £99 los.; Mr. John King, of New South Wales, 1 at £o'3 and 1 at £31 10s. ; Mr. Alex. Sloane, of New South Wales, 1 at £43 Is. ; total, £1,681 Is., Iwing an average of £S4 Is. for the 20 rams. Salb or THOBorGHBaED. — We notice at Messrs. Formby & Boase's Horse Baziar a very fime-Iooking imported thoroughbred which is to be put up for sale by Messrs. G. & H. Bennett on the 13th inst, GleHburnie, imported some two years ago, is by Dundee from Electra. Though we have not the means of getting at precise information on the point, we believe thit Dtsidee finished in a good position in tie Derby in Thormanfcy's year. The colt, which is about four years old, appears to be a very file animal for a station sire. A second colt will be offered at the same time, and both are on vie » at the Bazaar. Ceickbt Club Msbtixgs.— The annaal meet ing of the East Adelaide Cricket Club is to be held at the Stag Inn, and the Adelaide Central Club will Meet at Grafe's Coffee Rooms this evening. Erbatxil — The inquest on Thomas Beckwith at the Burra Hospital on September 3 was held before Mr. Philip Lane, J.P., and not Mr. J. .D. Gave, J.P., as stated in our telegram of Wednesday. 