. FEMALE DRESS. ' . (Liberal Review.) I: " , ."V® ladies their dresses have always been a subject of thu deepest concern, and the ladies of to-day are neither bi tter- nor worse in thin respect than those of their sex who lived in the last generation, the last'cebtury, or, indeed; jatany other time since the primeval fig leaves were discarded.^ During the last two or three hundred years the female dress has undergone nearly as many chAriges and modifications as there are hairs upon the female head. Tho body has been long and short; loose and tight fitting ; trimmed, and plain and bare; hooked behind and hooked in front; built up close to the chin, and cut down to-well, more or less' inches below the shoulder. The skirt, too, hag pussed through everj pradation of " fullness/' as well as of length. First, a little fullness at the back; then, a little fullness at the front; then, a little fullness all round the waist; and then, much fri lness every where-and all soon to be succeeded by exact oppo-ites! And then, what of frills, tucks, and flounces; -gathers, plaits, and folds; basques, kilts, and under, skirts; polonaises/panniers, and aprons; bows, buttons, borders, braids, and other "beauti fiers;". sashes, gimps, and fringes, with all their multifarious adaptations? Surely, there.: never was such an ever- changing, inconsistent, whimsical thing in this world as the skirt' of a woman's dress! And as to the length of the; skirt. Well, sometimes its length has: extended to a few inches below the knee,' at other times it has been so long as to neces sarily trail the ground; between these' two extremes the length of the skirt has unceasingly graduated. Now, if the satirical pencil thrusts of i Hogarth and his compeers, Leech, and those of , his time, were? reaultleas; if the faultless dic tion of Addison, the uncompromising' and emphatic wit of Steele, the direct and pungent sarcasm of Pope, and the spiritual admonitions of divines like Bishop Berkeley were without avail; if the square acres of space devotea by the old TatUr, Spectator, Guardian, See., to the habilimentary absurdities and extravagances of a past age were so much waste of space and printers' in r, what hope of Buccesi can we have in our tilt against female dress ? Irony, ridicule, and sarcasm are weapons which, as we have seen, have always proved innocuous; but we have an advantage over our predecessors because the tendency of female.dress at the present mom* nt is, to speak with becoming mildness, slightly voluptuous. Ic is singularly strange that this should be so; for, whatever be the. faults of the age, the average English lady of to.day has a hctige of modesty aad an uncompromising ' hatred of indecency or anything that bears the slightest resemblance to it which we beliove has never been equalled and certainly never excelled. Upon these points therefore our modern English lady may be vulnerable, though for sarcasm and ridicule she has supreme contempt. Now, a year or so ago, tha skirt was full and ample, but the fashion was to tightly stretch the dress round the body, whilst a ridiculous ugly lump of dress stuff was piled ap and carried behind which gave the wearers th® appearance of erect kangaroos. This fashion, ; neither lovely nor modest, has passed away; ; but it has been succeeded by a fashion which 1 if decidedly aesthetic is decidedly more im modest. We do not desire our ladies to envelope themselves as thickly and heavily as the ladies of Kussia during a severe ?winter, . or to make themselves resemble an engirdled feather bed, after the style the Esquimaux. We are not anxious for them to *<lvjpt the .Grecian underskiit, the bloomer c ^tume, or the fuller trousers of the Turkish andiludian ladies; and we bearlly.pray them to eschew the more recent American eccentricity which Mrs. Mary E. .Tillotaou, of. New Jersey, described;^two.y^iM ago"at the congress on. -dress Philadelphia, aa theu comfort favouring, - labour-lightening,. .lif»»-preserving garmenture of dual form for the legs." But we 'do., wish; our..ladiea to dress in snch a manner that the words--indecent,, sensual, immodtst, voluptuous, cannot by.any,-process' of reasoning, tortuous or direct, he justly used towards themi . " ^Now, the two primary objects . of dress are ' warmth aud deceucyj with the first we have here nothing to' do, hut;' the 'last :named' is all important * to v our i present purpose. .<.From 'ridiculous amplitude -ofrskirt and. bodice the ladies seem to be fast flying to the utterest extreme.; Jackets, mantles; shawls, and wrap* are becoming rapidly scarce ; and it- is the pre sent'delight and ambition of our incomparable women, it would seem, to:appear in .the -public streets in their! "figures/? . £a*hion- is a tyrant;, a year or. two ago .it 'Would'.have been deemed an utter impropriety for a ladv to huve been seen a hundred yards jrom her home . in-her " figure! *' J3ut, still,.we jhould not so much ^object to the present fashion ..if the. '. figure Vr were not'displayed so very distinctly -every indentation or protuberance of the body is made to very plainly declare itself. At the present moment, iu.fact, with the tempera ture at:;fever-heat, "the female: attire is so' attenuated and cicise clituing as to set off. and. display iu the minutest detail the - whole contour of the frame which it is ostensibly meant to veil. . With every 'step' the very working of the muscles is palpably evident; and - we are almost persuaded that the female' por tion of society are beginning to practically believe in the adge that44 beauty unadorned is adorned' the niost." Modesty isv relative. When we see a fishwomtiu or chip girl forging forward with h*r heavy burd».;iu»n hwrhead^her hips *wim;ingau<i her whole body okiUating . with every step, we pity the hard lot which com pels* her thus to publicly exhibit heiself-aud thutis tiU ; but when wb peo the portly matron of 4i-good societyi or-the llithe aud grateful young-lady, unnecessarily . ihibiting her?elf in . the public &lreuU;inun';aiirlogous. fswl^on," the sight appears to us exceedingly vulgar, and seems bear^^'Striking''' likeness- to - simple* refin^meutrrf inderancy.: .It ha*. been said, written; and sung* hundreds of times that the . loveliest work of God it* the divine figure of - a lovely woman, hut this truth does not warrant the exposure of the female form voluptuously and toe barely clai.: Tocover the body is one thmiT, to chastely and gracefully drape it is another fchiwg entirely. 2vot only, is the female dress of the present moment scant, tight, and bare, but it covers forms, that are.apparently of wonderful perfec tion. .-A faulty figure can scarcely bo descried in the street now! The tendency is decidedly to emiattpai'tU^vrlth every bodily thing to match. This all. makes the znatter worse. Whether some of the- perfect figures we see daily are simply perambulating falsities, to what extent the females who walk abont so pronouncedly aud symmetrically developed arc acting a lie, it is, of v-otjtrse, impossible f«r us to Buy. A few days ago, however, it was our pririlege to view the stockan. trade of a corset-maker, and we then saw such, a heap of pads, ef single and dual form; of alt sizes; coldurs, makes, and shapes, as was a revelation to us; and now, every time we meet one of these closely-trimmed, well developed matrons, or damsels, we cannot help wondering if the form we see before ua is all real, live.flesh and blood, or whether a very considerable portion of it is composed of horse hair, straw, or dried seaweed. This Psiyci-ss OP Waives axd THE GHOSTS. "When staying at Bestwood Park last August . the Prince and Princess of "Wales drove over to Xewstead Abbey. In the absence of 3fr. and Mrs.\Webb, their two young daaghters did the honours of the house. Having- inspected sun dry trophies of Mr. "Webb's skill as a sportsman, the Princess asked to be shown the Byron Hooras, and. particularly the " Haunted Cham ber.", After expressing admiration at what she had been shown, the Princess remarked: " But where is the ghost ? A haunted room is nothing without a ghost" ; and thereupon began poking about with her partsol to find one. There is a recess, in which part of the bedstead stands, and j coutiriiing to probe, she noticed a movement ns of something alive. All were amazed; when presently out rushed a young woman and ran off1, and then another stood up, her face covered with her apron to hide her confusion, to the great amusement of the Prince and Princess. Babgaixs, Clexeaxce SALES, asd ASCTIOXS. -There is ene phase of extravagance which disgms'es itself 'nndtr the name of economy the pnrchasa of an article because it is " so cheap.1* Those " clearance sales '* which tempt the passer- by to look into the ticketed shop window provske some of the dearest purchases that can be made. They suggest more wants than they snpply. It may sound economical to have bought something which the purchaser desired, at half- price. Had the whole price been asked he would probably have refrained from buying, and thus kept his money in his pocket! Xo doubt the real economical house wife who pats off the purchase, of say, some necessary garments till she comes across a genuine cheap sale profits by her delay. But very many buy from sheer inability to let " a good .bargain " alone. Such a bargain is good vhen'thearticleis imperatively n» eded, but in any other case it only represents so much money lost. It is far cheaper to do without a thing we don't really require than to get it at half br*a?quatter-of its value. Auctions are " . sometimes curiously provocative of expendi ture.'! -'remember one in the country, at which a "large, oM-fi*h7onrv?, lumbering cha riot was' put up for sale. Nobody wanted the thing,at was really useless. ''Five pounds,*' *v*d a' v.ry sm^l farmer; as the nuctiorieer l^fced round for a bid and caught his eye. I shsll ^not .soon forget Ms dismay when the Vreat y^lldfc vehicle warf "knocked do to htm. Th* i4 cheap*' rubbish people will sometime.* gleefully bring home from an ktiction i<* apt to give rise, to much vexation when' the gcod* are «>x*llyJ, inspfcied. I recollect once buying a oa;»l«: of pictures at n sale." I didn't want them r thW were poor things; but they seemed m ridiculou*>lr chcap that ih an idla momenfc I rm-Med, tf>'lhe eblh»Mo find myself the owner of two," ri'-iw*,1'. which have haunted "me eref I didn't like to burn',thera; thev s^med >o woithleas that X wuld hot give them 'and now they >hed an air of meanness in honjo bedroom in the hon«e. X wouJdre /..w«n end crazy one who* wonld*praetise doi i moti^ economy to beware of fcuperfiuous " bar- ; g?tins.**-JLeuure Hour. T " Wcoirs's;.TASTE A>*j>.Smkix.-The marked snperiority of women over men is on few points njore remarkable'than in their superior power of smellm£:arid tasting. -A womau/will detect the fHmt*atrddbur of tobacco wheri-a man, even ibouL'tV^non-smokeiy, ofiea fmls to discover any symptom of it* . As^with-emell, so with tz*to?".:'Wdmen'are marvellously acute and fas tidious in the matter of sances ahd all flavour ing in]CTe^iOTtsi7]This faculty ;ha« beeirrecog tised 'in'"a ;mo-*t pleasirig! manner'by the com position ^riK^'jor^ in Paris on the inerite^of the mhs^rds?orvarioua-nation?; The mustard con gws consisted of twelve gentlemen and an eqaal number of ladies. * This arranges »«enf,T it imitated; is owing to'a ftnggestion that the palates of the men arie vitiated by smoking; tvhorcas women. who do not as a rule indulge in that pernicions habit, are jikely to be better qualified to fonri a correct' opinion oh ihe merits ofcohdimentft. ; ;'r' J: v : .. "Waving .'THE ,! HAiR.~The, best ways .of waving tbe hair 'are; aSrfojiowa^Plcu't three strands of hair round one of cord; tightenthe cord so that; the hsir draw# up close together; 1'"ep'ifc-thus all night,- having damped it. .«.. Or ^n^f;the hair on ^me 'rif the tortoiseshell rrimpine ?piris.i-IJeat^a piece of - tobacco-pipe in the*, ^ttne'jf»gas or a candle, and twist the hairrTonnd'.it: aysmall-portion* onJv at onoe. If the hair is first damped;and then allowed to dry on the?heated <pipe;ii will retain the ware for several-daTO^-Use the soft whiteamehair pins^wld afcljairdressero'for the purpose. They are ^Vfectly harmlett fpVUhe.hair, as they. bmd'»oftly^ and do not break ihe hiur. - 