N E W S O ! THE DA V. A TU1TII) EDITION' of The Hkiajo I will be published this evening, and .vill con- j tain further particulars of tt'/ukparturc of the j .mliassy, an ncr;»n:o' or the cricket matches, , ran luiosi, .-"ant pile rvcuys, anu miner items j oi ows.. | IV'a steamship Kent, from Plymouth 8th ' N ia ember, anchored in Hobson'o Bay ejaly thb-' morning, bringing five days' later' news, y.i'.i, that received liy 'fast mail. Extracts frail. English papors up to date of leaving -Sill i.e fniir.d in another column. Tlio Kent, !:a dvg p; -id Cape Otwiv last night without being noticed, entered the Heads, shortly after four o'clock this morning, and when the agents here were notified of the fact, they at once had stop- t.dton that 110 delay in the clearance of the vessel should occur. Tiio Exhibition Commissioners are anxious to have a definite reply from Mr G. C. Levey as to whether or not I10 will at once return and enter upon his duties as secretary to the commission. Mr Lovey, it appears, thinks that an executive commissioner in England is necessary, and is desirous of filling that position. The commissioners, however, do not think such an appointment requisite, and desire Mr Levey's immediate return. An in fluential committee has been formed in Lon don to secure exhibits for the Victorian Ex- j hibition. j Tbe H.M.S. Assam, wllli the mails for Europe and the East, left Hobson's Bay hortly after two o'clock to-day. She has a engthy passenger list, and takes a large quail ity of gold. Particulars arc given in anotlici cibinui. Mr Berry and Professor Pearson went by the steamer. Details of their de parturc are given elsewhere. j Detective Williams this morning took out a warrant for the arrest of Martin Wiberg on the charge of having escaped from legal cus- tody at the Tarwin River. The reverses of fortune are strange I Ssvn or eight years years ago Georgo Williams ws nnonfthr mo' ropuiai uf unr loss-count/ . : hot. I.e 'awl 'lie niisforl inh! -in full a ' l.i v- ! h arn. so Imrily that it Inni (> 1 , a) qiutntcd, while i"l- .ri.viai i. or. the Melbourne nwrse. .'iijee tli! ooor tellow ha; wandered ;>imt.1ie 11 oili , almost, un.tiie verge el starvation, ifid y--.u : day lie a,' a cl.ancn «£ taking a gl'at . oat in Little t'ollins strey, i,hc propoi i..v_ of ..Mr Billuti. X.' 'nfnrtur.ately tor liJin.l-'cteiiiv.i XI aye > was 011 the roml, and arrest ed-liitivlioore in-, had gone jiumy yards with his' booty. As i tic: p.-isoncr's antecedents were irreproachlble, i„: was merely sentenced to fourteen dny-a'iiu- pri.u ntnent, the bench remarking that 1/ i.icase -,v,.s one which '.he members of the rirq and the sporting v.-oild generally might fairljcon- niilei . Every exeitio-i is being made w re ...ptur.: I lie escaped prfcu iter Wlw»fc In-iiect.o' fieo Iftxn ittii- p'.rsoi'o.lly i. - tncdilic niuii.'V.!i thm.arch, and a large body o£_ the Gippsland I ponce are engaged. - The services of trackers nave been called into requisition, and dogsj havo also.- been used. It is thought that will soon be ' recaptured, altliouojf' the thick scrub prespxN" " BOUBKE .u' j|fifl£»!7who was severely O IlliKlill, on the 18th inst., J . "oat. lb Sergeant Butlcdgc, » a gaol hospital. It will bo re- 00 Kliat Sorgeant Butledgo was arrest- „ o prisoner for a brutal assault on his j, in which the cowardly follow bit off a .ceo of her car, when O'Brien drew a pocket- knife,, and made sovcral ineffectual attempts to stab the sergeant, who in solf-dofonco inflicted somo severe injuries. Tlio ense was called 011 at tlio Emerald Hill Court to-day, and was postponed for a week. At a recent meeting of tlio Executivo poun- cil the appointment of Clerk of Committees, Cleric of Privnte Bills, and Accountant to the Legislative Assembly department was con-, ferret! Upon Mr W. J. Wall, the Clerk As sistant of Committees, Mr Wall, is a( distin guished graduate of the Melbourne University and a member of the Victorian bar. Work wns enrriod on last night at tlio Prali- . ran and Onkloigh railway by tlio. electric light, which wns excellently appliotl, and rather startled the noigborhood by the bright green illumination which it cast around, At tlio Emerald Hill Police Court to-day, a man linmcd Frederick Smith wns charged with being in a public place with intont to commit a felony. The prisoner wns observed by Con stable Cnwsoy attempting to open tlio windows of several hotels. Tlio constable followed tho prisoner, and after allowing him to play his little game for somo time, he arrested him. Smith, who is an old offender, was Bent to gaol for three months. Numbers of complaints have reached us as to tlio Into hour at which The Herald is now delivered in the suburbs. This is not in all cases the fault of the local agents, as just now, owing to the disadvantages under which we labor, the publication of The Hkuald is de layed beyond tho usual hour. I11 a few days, however, wo trust the inconvenience will be remedied. Snake stories are now rather stale, but the following is worth recording for public infor mation : — A few days ago dames Forster, of Linton, when stacking qood, was bitten by a carpet snake about three feet in length. Ho sucked the wound, wit): a knife cutout the bitten portion of the timer, and no bad results ensued. Had he employed any of those em piric remedies that we 'end of, the saving of his life, 110 doubt, wmld bo attributed to quackery or somethingjlso, but fortunately it is known that the cirpet snake, the most beautiful of our Victorian species — and they are all nasty enough-is not poisonous, and when so informed, le Iind no difficulty in undoi'standinc wliv lo recovered from his fright, the hite.includsl, Some discussion liar intely taken place with reference to tho mention of the diamond drill, and the credit .f originating tho imple ment is generally imposed to he claimed by n Frenchman. We ( lb Jurat Courier) may state, however, that in 185'Mr Logan, watchmaker, of Bridge street, ccicoived the idea of boring by tubes pointed with diamonds, just in the same manner ustlie drills are now worked, and actually coinnanicated with soma lapi daries in Sydney nsto the cost of the com moner diamonds thh known. He also at that time was so satistld of its ultimate success that lie requested evernl gentlemen to join him in constructlg a drill with diamond points, but for wat of sufficient capital and support the invetion was allowed to fall through. j The Ballnrat ciirier writes ;— Scarlet fever has again lnadefs appearance amongst the inmates of the Oplian Asyliimrbut as yet the disease lias only ttacked three of the children. The first case ocurred shortly aftor the an nual soiree, and t is supposed that the patient contracted it froi one of the 1280 visitors who' went through to asylum 011 that day. Tlio first patient is icovering, but now there are two other cliilcien showing symptoms of tlio disease. Dr Hudson will examine the sick ones to-day, ind according ns he reports, the children ull be kept in the institution or removed froi/ it to same more convenient place. \ The insnflieincy of the rolling stock on the Government, r.ilways for tile passenger traffic I at holiday bill has ofter -.ran talked about, | and many an .'.atliemn lias been burled at the | department b; persons \vio have been huddled together in curiagcs like a herd of wild beasts. Only a movin g or two ego (says the Bullarat Star) a whol family had to stand up in a crowded carrige for a distance of twelve miles, and it is liigi time that, the authorities were imide to uiuw -stand that the public, to whom tlio railivuy-.-uli.ng, pay not merely for thn: privilege of frivolling from place to piece, bnt ; for travcllin.' comfortably. We learn that a party of gentlemen on angling benlsriout their Christinas holidays in camp 011 tlv haul;., of tho Tipper Werribeo (says the Marat Star.) They were very :mcee:oful !i trout fishing, i having secured twelve or Ivfr'teen fine fish (hiring their stay. All the trots were, wo nie informed, taken with artitifal flies. 'League's 'bridge wa3 the centra of Ooralions. It is re pried . (says tho Maryborough Ad vertiser) tint nmaii named Burns, residing at Talbot, red off . a gun at his daughter 011 . Christina Eve. with the intention of killing her. Tlij girl, it appears, was in the habit of visiting pine acquaintances of wliom her father dilpproveu, and on the day in ques tion sli bad gone away, as Burns believed,' to visit those people. After the girl sad returned ill the evening, the neighboi1 wero startled by hearing tho report oja gun from Btirns's house. They immediiely proceeded to the spot, and the unljppy parent was discovered with a sinokinsgim 111 his hand, while his daughter lay apprently dead upon tlio lloor. A medical man ws sent for, who at first concluded the girl hap -.en killed, but on examination it was luiiiul i'.' had only fainti-.l. - v..,, reooveng her nose began hleemnr, arM (hi . appear! to show that she was v.'oiim'oI. but after r ime the bleeding slopped, and it ra". then erartaiued that Burn;: hail bc»n 'pared c? murdering Ids own daughter, Tin fiStaweirChi'onicle writes A telegram reach-! Stawcll In.' . evening, to the effect that llavi! Delapierve, ail 'd resident of the town, bad ieen killed by the ballast trucks on the rnilwv line, near Clenorchy. The men have v frcqiently bce.11 cautioned about the trap door ill tho .ballast truckH, through v/hich the gravel is allowed to fall on to> the way; but Delapierre seemed to hav. forgotten this, and when on one of the Irncksyestcrday which wns coming back to be gravel pits, and bad reached r. .-pot bet.'ceii Glcnorchy and the Wimmeia bridge, he Jipped through. The engine was .poshing tin trucks back, and caught tile unfortunate 111m up when it ranched the spot, and mutila te,' him frightfully. Death must have hem? iniaiHai. ra.:.-, rial of course nothing contd he dihe to save Delapierre alter his uill. Our Smythcsdnlc correspondent sends 11s the flowing sporting lnems (says the Ballnrat Sar). — Messrs Maddison and Webb a few days qo started 011 n sporting expedition from 1'ig- preet, Cniiiperdown way, with a boy and a bring cart; and hud excellent sport, having jigged four turkeys, throe geese, eleven clucks, fro native companions, several swans, and Aiy number of plovers. Mr Trevarrotv, of Jinton, with a mate, were also successful, and hone day bagged twenty-one ducks with minor ;nme. A prisoner lately discharged from the Ararat gaol was fortunate enough 011 regaining his liberty to bo in a position quite independent of any pecuniary assistance from that most humane of institutions, the Discharged Prison ers' Aid Society. It will be remembered (says the Ararat Advertiser) that some months ago Uic prisoners were employodon borough works, ill the vicinity of Mr 'J'obin's rouiili-nco. tui.l amongst the tailings left by fossickers the lucky one found a specimen of quartz, which, we are informed, contained about oOs. worth of gold. He managed during the remainder of his term to keep it secreted about his person, and it was not until he was safely outside the gaol that he held it up to the astonished gaze of a surprised turnkey. The Ararat Advertiser writes Salt pro mises to be most abundant at tlio lakes near XVickliffe this summer, and from tlio present prospects a very profitable season may tie anti cipated by tlio gatherers. This is mainly at tributable to the fact that owing to the meagre rainfall and tho prevalence of hot parching winds, tiio lnkeH nro dryino up much mwi.w ti.1.1. over bi'i'.n the o.o -: i" '"'a- .!'' 1 Lakes ui'i. iKV.' dry and lire being work' . tli.H lis 1 o not before been ! . ailable to the t;a'-;e -era till sumo time after Christians ; time, u'T, ugh the il iuitlit may be severely felt b' st'ea- holder, i ' iliat locality, there are alii ; lew other to whom it will be a source of 1 rout, A new phase of diimmybm, and uc that certainly posscrres less ob.icctioiii.olr' ohariKi- teiiutics than is displayed in the w.l majority of ease?, and even carries with its u'e oxtenu- athiir c.ln.nrniitKTiees, - has lately (says the .Ararat Advertiser) conic to light us having transpired in an agricultural area 11 1 far from Ararat. The episode hear,; a rather humorous asr oct, and it scaled the fate, of two young , 1 1 .j who wore well known 111 this district ;om, Lj, years ago. The jiairhad ilroady in dulged ill' OHO form or free aclcctiqi, as l.jiey had been engaged for aonie ycara, and they v.'aih'it muiiy weary uK«nbnni<>iU ivuU'.o such improvement in their warrantthem obtaining a license, forthovwll14 anrndont pair, and fully alive to the refpS as of matrimony. But romsmi , ' V proverb contra fortuno 'bon emir tl "r tobked forward to tho day whon r A "8 f ,i' " Mo'l 1 aa u>o ri'rame r AMU kg ng 8WC0t SB sharp" UrMB, jfcarts o&y; bo far diatant, and the them, and ho YweTfL f M,iBn,C0 1tP>»t up country W P„ri, '"l.'J'F g«, block, under \:!20-acro promising to find ST,1' bai"'. ,Act ! lie employ the young mnt,n fnro? E, nHa!\ and also to pay the rentH J. fPli 1 tho expiration of three j"10?,,f„e11 « ft band over to him the blol. , " Prl)w?ul(1 This wns at once agreed to/nl? ' " tlio young lady had received ni nth after tiio Minister of Lands, a lie,, '1130 tabled from a minister of m w5? ,h- lished Oliurch, and the pair were 0 Lstab- A week or two ngo tho promiso iv? '.le: into effect with the provider of cnpi'rj® otJ tho husband of the fair selector rocoit it, offer of £1000 for an allotment of ground v,,1.8 bad cost him nothing, and on which lie , actually been employed to fcnco it in. P publish the story for tho benofit of tiiose will like onr young friend, may bo kept by their prudence and foresight in tho cold shades of single blessedness. Tlio attendance at tlio Magdalen Asylum Bnznnr, in the Town Hall Inst evening, was very limited. Tho bazaar will close to-night A concert will he given this evening at eight o clock, 111 which several well-known amateurs will take part. The City Band will plav evernl selections during the evening. Although the strong programmes afforded at the theatres tills Christmas have divided the business among them, so that the rush has not been so great at any one ns in previous years they all continue to draw fair houses for tile season. By far the best feature in tlio Theatre Eoynl pantomime is Mr Hcnnings's panorama of tho lrliine. It is worked out ill tho true spirit of art, anil without any theatrical glare at all lbe pictures are just enlargements of wiiat may adorn tlio walls of any dwelling. They raise a fervor in the audience which shows that it is a mistake to fancy tho public are gratified by trash. Tho ballet is nil improvement on that of past seasons at this house. The harle quinade is worth staying for, too, bccauso it is not a rechauffe of stale tricks, but mostjy new and clever. The Ogre is so huge nnd life-like that lie cannot fail to plonse all tho children; and the mock banditti, with numer ous other grotesque characters, arc quite in the old English pantomime style. Miss Lily Bryer, as Hop, is a gem, nnd she warbles the Bright Star, Emblem of Purity, vorv sweetly indeed . The Opera House harlequinade by the eliil- (Iron is suggested by tlio juvenile pantomime lately at the Adclphi, London. The clown puts 11s in mind of the singularly queer mario nettes, which flung tlie youngsters into eestney a year or two ago. Little Miss Woir, as Colum bine, is enough to break tlio hearts of all tile schoolboys. It is wonderful how Mrs Lewis can have gathered together so ninny precoci ties. The transformation scene is very fine, and Mr Grist proves himself an able follower of Hennings and Habbe. Miss Jessie Grey, perhaps, carries off tile honors in the burlesque. MissBentrice is massive nnd hnndsomens Pluto. Thome's part is scarcely worthy of him. but lie always works linrd. IT . . renews his specialty ofci .nr l. n:.: - - i. . . j ' amusement. Mr bylvei 1 ' 1 .,t better than that of his f.-. »Sn- l.,.i Oolu. The music is p I never excessive 111 solos, mereiv to.j individuals while the :iot,.i.n Inir.:. v- Pclhain, who has been : o 1 r 1 fug lady recently, notwiUistaniliiig exerta iioi self most elaborately in n trilling clur.-ctcr. The Academy of Music extravaganza, All- . ' the Great, lias the merit oflicing 1 .or.i-ieuMii than usual. It is worthy of the Londni: nmr Miss Maggie Knight is v vrtp in i-tditi. to tbe company. Slie-nn.ii,; li favorite nt tlio Princess's : ' T : -.vhjl i, ;o, and sinco then she lias bee nuii.: 1 . in Adelaide. Miss Scnsi is i idyiifct. r. id yel. with adequate force and vivi'.'iiy 1. 1,, . part, of Kinq Alfred. Hei fin;.- in : is excel! ' > .. devoid of affectation. Thru ' otbin;; of l.n > slangy Aihnmbra style abinu r a-raimMiiu of the male costume. Sir .n's Gutlirun. ouzes with humour Mid : i gag, which makes the pimple roar, ' l._ iiriE'tion, no doubt, of tlie autlmi'. Everything in this spectacle is fresh lis paint, nnd the cos tumes are quito an instructive study of tho time, being, apnarcntly, transferred with ac curacy from Piaaclie, and tlio other autho rities on mcdinivftl garb. There i3 a refinement over all well suited to this elegant theatre, where, by tlio way, a really musical bell has been introduced to announce the rising of tho net drop. The muml People's Concert takes place ta- ight rf tli1: 'i'eiMjjtiiiui: 7Jr.ll, wlielt an nu.gl,, programme will bo afforded, including tlio best variety artists of the day. Tlie Biondencttos continue their successful career at St. George's Hall, and, 111 conse quence of their attraction, will perform every night till further notice. There is a new pro gramme this evening. Tliis i- the one hundredth and last night of ITncie Toin's Cabin at the Princess's. On Monday Angustine Daly's sensation drama, Under the Gnslight, will bo produced, with entirely new scenery nnd effects. Tlie English cricketers have promised to at tend tlie Magdalen Asylum Bazaar, in tlio Town Hall this evening, being the last night. A first-class concert will bo afforded by amateurs. The Waxworks are very well worth visiting just now. Mr Sliiroa is in attendance with bis snakes, and there is a striking group of tlie murder of Constable Lonigan by the Kolly Mv : ''An.j Bead's Ghost h»» lmd '.r pro longed inn at tho Athcnamui. mid the nev/ spectral panto mime', Beauty and tlie Bouxtisn great success. There is li day performance .Saturday, in addition to the evening allow. 