CHRISTIAN CONVENTION. A Convention of Ministers, office-bearers, and Christian workers was held at the Town Hall, last , evening, under the presidency of the Rev. Dr. Somers Wife. The proceedings commenced at seven o'clock. The service of sang was conducted by Mr. W. E. Somerville, as usual, assisted by the choir. After devotion, the Chairman explained the object of the meeting to be the worship of God, and to afford an oppor i tunity to Christians of all denominations to express their opinions. on subjects in the paper. In order to render the meeting profitable, to thought on that occasion they Should forget self put aside denominational differences, and seek to stir each other up to do , God's work in the earth. " The Rev. J. RICHARDS introduced the subject of "Praise and Promise." The promises of God ' were rich and sweet, suitable to all classes and conditions. The word of God is full of promises, sweet and 1 suitable. The Bible Was like a mine, full of precious i golden promises. As to praise, it was being thankful i to God for post and present blessings, and for blessings i in store for us, and that were on the way. He would to God that every Church would next Sunday make a point of engaging in special praise to God. Rev. B. BUTCHERS followed on the same topics. t Praise was a subject that was frequently mentioned in the Scriptures." He would mention some reasons for praise. 1. In praise they gave acknowledgments and praise to God for what he is. 2. For what he has done, for the rich provisions of the Gospel, the un- speakable gift of God's eternal Son. 3. Ear what he is doing ; he fainted not, neither is he weary ; God's i mercies are new every morning, and renewed every evening. 4. For what he has promised to do. They had heard from the last speaker of the richness and sweetness of the precious promises given to us as a church" and as individuals like cheques from heaven with the amount not filled up, but to be filled up according to our faith. Let us praise God for his precious promises. Mr. W. V. SOMERVILLE referred. to, the last verse of the 23rd psalm, "Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life." He mentioned a smile which he had heard Mr. Moody use, in illustration of those words. The next topic was, "How to make religious meetings interesting." It was ¡n.trqdi\ced by the Rev. R. Maclaren Webster, who spoke from the floor of the hall. He supposed the question was how to makes religious"inoetiugs'interesting generally. was, to lead to those benefits which they derived. His idea was that they thank] be engaged in by living Christians, living Christians to conduct devotions and to give addresses. There were some secondary considerations which tended to make meetings interesting, and he would name simplicity, brevity, and variety. Prayer, praise, and preaching were the three principal features of religious meetings, and to which brevity might be well applied- Bfn touched a little on the subject of praise and spoke of music as an auxiliary to devotion, referring to solo singing, and how his objections to it wore dissipated by hearing Mr. Sankey sing; choir singing, and he complimented Mr. Somerville on the excellence of the singing at these meetings. But, after all, he approved of congregational singing (npofauseJt which gave out the true power of music, Wafdist they should seek to use every approved) method, let them not forget the importance paris inward vitality, the living will. fire springing up, and making all things ever fresh and new, Rev. A. W. GRANT followed up the topic, and said a few words about prayer. There was a general complaint that prayer meetings were not HO interesting as they might be. The fault was in those who engaged in prayer, rather than iii the worldliness which was often imputed to those who did not attend the meetings, He offered some" practical remarks on the subject, and said one grand thing of all was intense love to Christ, and a desire to promote the welfare of the people and the glory of God. (Applause, Mr. W. V, "Soi|EnviL.L1B advocated the making of a reparation for the service of song, not only on the Lord's day," but the singing at the prayer meetings, which would tend to make them more interesting. Mr. WALSH said he thought out-door speakers should confine themselves to the old, old story, and not rail at others who differed from them in opinion. The Rev. H. COLE then offered special prayer, that being the next item in the programme for the evening, the Rev. W. S. RqiiUfspx, introduced the next topic "'How to turn the present opportunity to the utmost advantage for town and country." The rev, gentle man, referring to Dr. Snmervjllo said, from his inter course with him. he could bear testimony to his desire not for display, but to promote the good of the people, and the glory of God. He alluded to the Young Men's C christian Association which had been inaugurated at the desire of Dr. Somerville, also the Ladies Association ; the choir which be hoped might be a permanent institution in Hobart Town. The next thing was" something in connection with our churches, Church Unions, monthly prayer meetings, or. meetings such as the present. As to the Ministers he hoped it might lead to a more frequent interchange of pulpits, and more frequent labours in the country districts. He also mentioned the Sunday School work, and the openings there were for active labour on the part of those young persons who had hiS quickened, at these evangelistic meetings. He also urged a' mishap through doVatoclnesí to God's service on the part of all. Rev. JAMES SCOTT said he had been so much engaged that he had thought it desirable to commit his thoughts to writing. He then said-Dr. Somerville and dear friends, to-night I wish to confine myself during my ten minutes to a brief statement of one way in which I think the present opportunity may be turned to advantage for the city. J. hope that many practical results will issue from the formation of qui United Evangelistic Committee It was first formed a good many months ago now, in anticipation of your coming among us, but I hope it will not die with your departure, but continue to bless this community for many a long year to come. All its work will necessarily be evangelistic and missionary in its nip). Now, in Hobart Town we have a . might recess; tous field for such work. The most cursory observer cannot fail to see that a great portion of our population here is quite an overtaken by any Christian agency, and is living outside any Christian influence. Those outside people we usually speak of as the masses. And our ears are always being Gunned with the question, how are the masses to be reached 1 Now, all our experience gives a clear and unmistakable answer to this question. It is that the masses, as we - call them, are only to be reached by our going, to them. The last of our City missionaries-, after' long years of toil, laid down the burden of life among us only a few weeks ago. The question has been debated whether we should reorganise the institutions, and appoint asuece'sstfror successors, or whether we should aim at rousing our churches and our church member's to do this work' Now, I believe that we almost all feel that the latter would be the true) way of doing Jke work if it is to be done well, and done over all the city. The machinery is not awaiting and the workers are at hand but the difficulty very largely pqqijUts. in getting at the work. This, to a great extent, is owing to the absence of united counsels and harmony of action. The surprise to bestir itself has, at one time as other, possessed nearly every church in the city. The whole city lay before it, and the harvest seeded abundant enough, but the difficulty was where to begin. Or beginning it is found that unwittingly the workers are trespass- ing on ground already to some extent occupied Now, this would be guarded against if such work were done under the auspices of the United Evangelistic committee, Thus every congregation would have its field of labour aligned to it, and every district of the city' would (be cared" for and if not worked and visited by one church, then it would Solly another. Let us take advantage of the present auspicious time. Ministers and churches have been drawn together under Dr. Somerville. "yet remember that though it is all very well for the ministers of different churches to meet for common prayer, that this will come to little unless they were also prepared to separate for common work, work on an understood system, work that will overtake all parts of the city, and in which different agencies and churches will feel that there is no danger of clashing. That they are all lighting OR one aids, in a common cause, against a common foe-that for being the irreligion of the city. This United Evangelistic Committee, with its BUU agencies, its Young Men's Christian Association, its Ladies' Christian Association, and that very powerful auxiliary, our united choir, I say this committee supplies the band of union, the common platform on which the bulk of the churches of this city can meet for the discussion of this question. It may very fitly, I think, form itself into a council of war to devise the best mode of proceeding in order to win the city to Christ. Suppose then that some plan of procedure is agreed upon. , I know no city where such an enterprise may be more hopefully begun that this. It so happens that there is no lack of churches, and it so happens also that, there will be no lack of accomodation for a long time to come for all who may be induced in this way to attend the ordinances of religion. But for this very reason it is all the square imperative that our several churches should Jo from that very hopeful, though no doubt arduous work it, under some such organisation as that for which I plead. We hear of the prodigious efforts that are being put forth, add the splendid triumphs being achieved, amid the, sweltering and outcast people of two great home cities. Amid the stupendous difficulties with which Christian efforts has to contend in London and Liverpool, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, modern miracles are being wrought by faith and labour. Our whole city is not more popular than many a parish in London or Glasgow, but the reason is all the more urgent that while it is yet comparatively easy, we should attempt the task of its Evnngolisatihn. And when we see what has been done in circumstances much, more hopeless we may well be encouraged to " try." You were the other morning, sir, recommending the young men of Hobart Town to read the life of William Arnot, a most interesting and instructive life : but I have just been loading the life of another Glasgow minister, that of Dr. Robert Buchanan, of Ghutgdw, once if possible still more interesting. ' Sir, it seems like old times come back again to name those dear old names bore, and' in your presence, . Well, in the life of Dr. Buchanan I find a chapter, long and interesting, about mission work in the G lasgöw AVyn'ds, It reads like a romance, but, oh, it's all true. And it contains one of the most powerful arguments I over read in favour of such work as I am speaking about. Now,' though much of the succesS was achieved long after I left Glasgow, still I can remember how many wore, deploring the apathy of the church, and too seemingly l|(ipolca.s state of the masses. To their longing eyes the heavens seemed as brass and the earth as iron. They were praying on, toiling on, and boiling against hope, but they were far from seeing how the masses were to be influenced when they were greeted with strange newS. The Gospel preached to oars long familiar with its Bound, fell on them as a thrice told tale. Preached to the denizens of the slums or words of the great city, it came with all the freshness with which it seems to have fallen on the three thousand on the day of Pentecost. - The Gospel came to them not in word only but in demonstration of the Spirit and with power, strays were found melted and humbled in this un- wonted region, Tl|0 shows was a sweet cordial (JJ very many. Others attracted by the umwiuU spectacles, came to see what could be seen, and hear what could be heard, and what they saw was the light of men and women sitting at the foot of Jesus clothed and in their right mind. Even they looking on, found appear in the Gospel which it never had for them before, and coming to wonder they remained to weep and pray, and to take home with them to the circles of wealth and fashion the hallowed influences, and thus Instead . I of the upper CROSBIE becoming the regenerators of the lower, the lower classes became, the benefactors of those who in a worldly sense were more highly favored than they. The Lord grant that we say be en- I couraged to KO and do likewise, i Mr. VAUTIN spoke of the necessity of teaching, by religious effort, the masses who would not attend the ohm lies in the town. He also referred to the choir they had had much pleasure in being associated with Mr. Somerville, and he believed the members would be willing to continue in an organised State, to assist in evangelistic work. (Applause.) Mr. WAWI advocated the duty of efforts to reach the destitute people in the bush. He mentioned that in v lemons one gentleman paid the salaries of four bush missionaries to preach the gospel, and he thought something of the same kind might be attempted here. Mr. DAWSON said he would like to see such services as the present hold once a quarter ; he would also like to see something done for the big boys who were not at present brought under the influence of religious instruction. Mr. HunST suggested that the ministers should adopt the plan pursued by Dr: Somerville, and have some singing in the middle of the sermon, which would make an agreeable break. (Applause.) Mr. VAUTIN also spoke of the necessity of attending to the religious requirements of the larrikins of the city. Rev. Mr. WEBSTER spoke of the want of a children's church, and other provisions for the non-church going people. Dr. BENJAFIELD suggested that they should have a large tent for services in the Domain, at which the united choir might assist, and that would attract people who never went to any place of worship. He thought the churches were not reaching the masses, and it would be an well, some times to shut up the churches and send the congregations around to look up the people had induce them to attend the special services. _ Dr. SOMERVILLE suggested the passing of a resolution to the effect that the United Evangelistic Committee be requested to continue their labours, and take into consideration the suggestions made at this meeting and at others that may occur. Mr. HOOD proposed, and Mr. HIDDLESTONE- ses conded a resolution in the terms suggested, which was unanimously adopted. A collection was taken from seat to seat in aid of expenses, of the mission, Dr. SOMERVILLE gave an address, in which he referred to the outpouring of the Spirit of God. is Great Bi strain, and he expressed the hope that the life- giving influence of the Spirit might reach these colonies. He adverted to the necessity of organisation and vitality tion, especially the latter. It was indispensable in order to improve and take advantage of organisation, that the churches should he vitalised There should also be combination of Christians to. overtake the claims of the world. He thought the denominations should combine to carry on the work of Christ, even as Alexander who conquered the world, using the Macedonian phalanx of 8000 men. He. spoke of the power of sympathy, a mighty influence, for the strengthening of Christ's people. Let ministers sympathise with one another, to begin with, j then let the congregations sympathise with their ministers ; let congregations sympathise with each other, and congregations sympathise with congress tons. But in order to get sympathy they should abnegate solf, and sympathise with others. He also, spoke of the utilisation of force, and of the import ance of courage and enterprise few the advancement of the Lord's work. There were always difficulties by the way of enterprise, but they were not going to yield because there were difficulties, As to the resources which the Lord nuts at our disposal that His work, truths be carried on, all power is given to Christ, as a hood of His Church, and Christ promises to give that power in connection with the reception of the Holy Ghost, to enable His disciples to subdue the world. Let them believe in that peace and take hold of it. and let the servant'! of Christ remember that they need fear no man if they went forth with the Wo,rdoïGods the word of the Spirit. And let them not use the back of the sword, but the edge, and what was the edge of the sword of the. Spirit, The doctrine of the atonement of Christ. Dr. Somerville, at the end, of an able and telling speech, which was enthusiastically applauded, expressed in the name of his son, and himself their thanks for the many marks of kindness, they had experienced during their stay in Hobart Town. He thanked the audience for having attended in that hall' night after night to engage in their services. The kindness they had met with from, Ministers, had aided in a manner he should never be sufficiently thankful for. He had received the, most effective support and almost tear- drawing kindness. He must next acknowledge the services of the stewards, especially Mr. Crosby and Mr. Mather. Mr.Crosbyhad done good service by attending to the bills and notices, and Mr. Mather; had attended twice a day at that door to show the friends to seats, and otherwise to. assist ; lia had done his work in a humble way, and they honour cost him the more for his humility. (Applause.) He, thought, too, they were under obligation! to the, directors of that hall for letting them occupy the room, and that at a moderate charge In his son's name and his own he expressed thanks to the beautiful ladies and the gentlemen of the choir. Of their excellencies. he could speak in the highest terms. The funds were rendered with extreme sweetness, and the quick way in which pioficienpywas achieved was deserving of much; commendation). He took the opportunity also of thanking thoEiessforthoirkindnessingivingtliesonoticesoftheip meetings day by day, which had materially aided Ms mission, He was very happy to acknowledge the services of the press as he did, for it was not always that he could do so. In going from them, however, it afforded him great gratification to refer to the press in such terms. (Applause ) One thing more he must refer to the babies. Perhaps the dear mothers dk\n,q>¿ like his being disconcerted when the little things, gave, out their interests laugh) and it was possible he, (Dr. Somerville had spoken sometimes with more, sharpness than was agreeable ;' but they must all know what a distracting effect was produced. However, if it could be managed, he should like to see the dear, babies assembled in that room below, and to kiss every one of them. (A laugh.) And now there was one time he must find fault with, and he had left Chat tUl hisy they had had an exceedingly bad'clock, and he only. hoped that the next evangelist that came, would have a more correct clock, and that he would be enabled to keep time better, (A laugh.) The Rev. W. C. EpiiiNSON announced that the Provisional Committee of the Ladies' Christian Association would meet in the Committee Room of the Town Hall this afternoon at 3 o'clock, The Rev. James. SCOTT pronounced the Benediction,, and Dr. Somerville's mission, to Hobart Town terminated. Dr. Somerville leaves by the train to-morrow for Launceston, where services in connection with his mission will be held on Sunday and Monday, The Under then goes to Victoria, and will probably visit South Australia, where he has not yet been. He returns, to his own country by the American route. leaving Sydney in the San Francisco mail steamer on; the 15th August next, 