PARLIAMENTARY. The business indicated by the Notice paper of the Legislative Council is still of very limited dimensions. Mr. Pearce is to-day to make some further enquiries with the view of eliciting additional in- formation as to the defective rails recently supplied for the Port Augusta Railway. The Orders of the Day include the second reading of three measures — the Patent Act Amendment, the Fisheries, and the Virus Diseases Eradication Bills. Upon the last two of these we have already commented at length. The object of the first-named measure is to transfer the burners in connection with patents from the office of the Chief Secretary to the department of the Attorney-GeneraL This change is, we believe, to he corptended for many reasons. It is generally understood that the Attoiaey-Ger aidl's de[ jtlxent is not ovei .'Forked, so that the additior?! labour imposed upon it will not cause any incon venience. In addition to th?s ir-ray of the questions likely to arise in connection with applications for patents are of a legal nature and can be best determined by the principal law officer of the Grown. The th'nd reading of the Terowie Bailway Bill is also down for to-day, and we presume will be passed with little or no discussion. Among tr--j questions on the Notice psrerofthe Assembly to-day is one by Mr. Waid as to the ?:tion wH.ch the Gr vernment intend to take :n ldfer^cce ') the recent proceedings in the Council of Education. The member for Gumeracha appears hardly to know his own mind on the matter, for on the following day he is to propose a vote of direct censure upon the Government for the Hie inter f^rence of the Minister of Education in connection with the contract for the HindTiarah SchcoL Mr. Eright scaks to -know why Mr. Robb's contract for the Victor Harbour Breakwater was accepted when there was another, it is alleged, sent in for a smaller sum. Mr. Fowler is to ask at what t jints on the main South Eastern-roed the two returns of traffic reported to the Bailway Commission in 1875 were prepared. The other questions relate exclusively to local wants. Mr. Coglin is to move that ten days' leave of absence be granted to Mr. Mortlock. The order of the Government business has been considerably modified. The taxation pro posals of course occupy the first place. It is probaWe tbat the adjourned debate on them will take up nearly the whole of the sitting. We have re ferred to this subject at length in another column, and we need only ray further that it is most desirable the discussion should, if rossible, be brought to a close to-day. The Rabbit Bill stands second on the Notice-paper, and the urgency of this measure is abundantly proved by the account of our special reporter which ap pears in other columns. The third place is given to the second reading of the Narra^oorte and Frances Railway Bill, which heretofore has been placed low dowr. The remaining notices (csventeen in numl ?r) corsist of ths various Govern ment measures which have teen re peatedly referred to by us, and which it is not necessary to particularize now even I y name. The private business for Wednesday presents s somewhat formidable appear ance, but some of it need not lead' to' lengthened, discussion. Mr. Bean will aak whether the Government have the power to call in defaced silver coin, and if cot whether they will take the necessary action to obtain Buch power. The matter is of some importance in regard to the con venience of the public, as there seems to be no fixed rule observed a3 to what consti tutes a sufficient defacement of the coin to warrant its being refused. Mr. Carr is to move in a somewhat alter: 1 form the string of resolutions as to the South Aus tralian Irstitute, upon which we com mented at lengih a few weeks since. Mr Darling is to move tbat the duties of +H metropolitan police should be so arranged that the men shall have a periodic day or half-day of rest Ifc is very desirable this should be done if it is at all practicable, even though it will, we presume, involve an augmentation of the force and conse quently an increased expenditure. We imagine, however, if the rule is adopted in the metropolitan district it will in fairness have to be applied to other places also. Mr. Ward intends to test the feeling of the Hou«3 as to the action of the Minister of Education in overriding the decision of the Council as to the extra money claimed by the contractor for the Hindmarsh Schoo1. Mr. Parsons, with more wisdom, proposes to call for the production of all the papers and correspondence relating to the busi ness. Until these are in the hpic^ of members we should tr-irk Mr. W?7d Jwill see the exprcMency of postponing h5s motion, and in any csr.e the foui in which he proposes to submit the matter to the House apppors to us to be open to objection. We have already stated or opinion ??» to the action taken by Mr. Blyth; but it will rather add to the complications instead of d'Tii n-shing them for the House to interfere in the manner proposed by the member for Gumeracha. Mr. Bray is to move that in the opinion of the House no member of Parliament should act as arbitrator in disputes between the Govern ment and public contractors. The motion is of course specially aimed at the action of the Ministry in appointing Sir William Milne as their arbitrator in the disputed [ Mnt3 with the contractors for the Rivoli Bay Jetty. The tarms of Mr. Bray's pro pcution will, we should think, meet with aJtnczt unanimous approval. It is on every ground, quite apart from the prov'siors of the Contractors in Parliament and the Constitution Acts, exceedingly undesi rable that members of either branch of the Legislature should be asked to act on behalf of the Government, and it appears to f 3 that the Ministry made a great mis toke in appointing Sir William Milne in the case referred to. The prcrent is a rery appropriate time for raising the question, because no one will for i moment suppose that Sir William Milne wa3 actuated by any improper motive in accepting the appointment, sr that it will in the least inter fere with the conscientious discharge Df his duties in the future. Mr. Kri 'Huff is to move for certain returns as to the amounts due and paid on credit selec tors, which it is to be hoped will be pre pared without delay, a3 they will probably throw some light upon the estimate of land revenue for the current year. Mr. Cooke is to move for returns of the land surveyed in the County of Flinders during fcbe last two years, of the quantity sold, and the purchase-money. The onsideiation in Committcs of the Municipal Corporations Bill is the first Order of the Day for to-morrow, and we should hope in deference to the strongly expressed feeling on the subject Mr. Towrsend will withdraw the clauses denning the method on which assessments pre to be made out. They would be grossly unjust, as we pointed out several weeks since, to the Corporations which would .be specially affected by them, and on all recounts the existing plan is to te preferred. Mr. Coglin'* motion for a polling-place at Lake Wargary West is the second Order, and Mr. Hare's motion in favour of fres education winds up the list. We should hope the debate on this question, which has already Veen adjourned two or three times, will be concluded on Wednesday^ It would much facilitate a settlement of the question if the Government would even now pronounce in favour of frca c ducation, which must be conceded before long, and might with great advantage be sanctiored at once. Thb Eall at Govkrsichht HousB.— We have been desired to make known the following : —Gentlemen attending the ball at Government House on Thursday next are requested to appear in full dress. Thb P. k O. Co.'s Steakem.— A message received by the Postmaster-General states that the K-XI.S. Assam left Galle at 8 p-m. on August 22, aid that the Taojore arrived there at 10 o'clock on the morning of the 2Sth. MuaaiT CoHVEmoH.— Our Government have made arrangements with the Sydney authorities for a renewal of the Customs Convention relating to riTer-borne goods going from this colony to New South Wales. The present agreement will expire on December 15, 1878, and the new one, which will be for another twelre months, will date from that time. Kp, Josiah Boothbt. — The Government have decided to grant six months' extra leave of absence to Mr. Josiah Boothby, the UnderSecre t&ry;, for services rendered in connection with thb Paris Exhibition. Maccxbsitp.ld Coxoebgatiokai. Church. — The Bev. J. G. McMichael, formerly of Gawler, has accepted the pastorate of the Congregational Church, Macclesfield. St. Pethr's OATiaiDBAL Choib Coxckbt. — A concert will be given this evening in the Town TT'H by the choir of St. Peter'u Cathedral, under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois and His Worship the Mayor. The concert is divided into two parts, the first being sacred and the second secular. The proceeds are to be devoted to the Cathedral Organ Fund. Wool Sbasox at Port Adblaxdb. — We are informed that the first clip of wool of tha season reached Port Adelaide on Friday lasr. Sixty-two bales from Fowler's Bay were received by Messrs. Elder, Smith, & Co. Bknhvolbht AKD Sthahohbb' Fbibxd So ciety. — A special meeting of this Society will be held at the Church Office this afternoon. Lbctcbb oh Phtsiologt.— Dr. J. Davies Thomai will deliver his fourth lecture this evening in the Stow Church Lecture HalL 1Thh ' Conicii. or' Ed'ccatiok.— The' first met ting of this Council sine* the resignation of Dr. Campbell and Messrs. M. Salom, W. Barlow, and A. von Treuer as members of the Board took place on Monday afternoon, September 2, but the. sitting did not last longer than a very few minutes. Besides the President, the only members who were present w«e Messrs. J. F. Conigrave and W. D. Glyde. The President reported that he had received letters from the gentlemen who had resigned their seats noti fying that fact. Mr. Glyde then proposed to adjourn the meeting Mr. Conigrave also felt disinclined to proceed with the business in the present state of affairs, but suggested that they might pass tl?e accouuts. Tbe suggestion was adopted, and at the request of the President they also affixed the seal of the Council to certain leases which pressed for that formality. When this was done the meeting was adjourned. The following were the payments on contracts whirh were passed:— Yahl Paddock, P.S. and T.E. £300; Gawler P.S. approach, £12; Yorke town, P.S. and TJi., £200 ; Duffield Town S. site, £6 7s. 6d. ; Port Victor PJ3. fencing, £14 4s. Td.- MillbrookP.S. and T.K., £350; Moonta Minss, extra work, £236 LIs. 9d.; PenolaP.S. and TJi., £4C0 ; Jamestown and Caltowie, fencing, £54. Thb Hasttkgs Cricket Match. — The match between the Eighteen of Hastings and the Aus tralian Eleven has resulted in an easy victory for the latter. The Eighteen scored 131 runs in their first and S2 in their second inning braging their total score up to 213 runs, against which the Australians in their first innings made 260, thus winning the match with 47 runs to (?pare in the irnings. Two large scores are re I or ted on the Australian side, 106 runs having been obtained by Bailey and 76 by Murdoch. Jn the second innings of the Eighteen twelve wickets fell to Spofforth's bowling. Vessels in Habboch. — On September 1 the shipping ljirs in Port Adelaide, excluding Government veceJs, hulks, craft under 20 torn, and tog boats, was represented by about 56 vessels of a total tonnage of 19,075, showing a decrease of 17 vessels and nearly 1,000 tors upon that of August 1 fast Of these seven were ships, seven steamers, 14 barques, two barqnettes or schconers, four brigs, and the rest ceasting craft under canvas. Vessels having arrived from extracolonial ports numbered 14, teven being ships and seven barques, with an aggregate tonnage of 11,637 register, or su average of 831 tons each. Tbe intercolonial list of 23 vessels was made up of two steamers, 15 barques, four brigs, and two barquettes or schooners ; total tonnage, 5,582 register; average, 372 tons each. There were 27 coasting vessels, including five steamers, and the total tonnage was 1,856 register ; average, 68 tons each. A~J.G. Sfbikq Mikteto. — To-day ia tbe day of general entry for this meeting. Tbe accep tances for the handicaps must also be made to-day. ExpiOBATioii. — It is proposed by the Govern ment of Western Australia (say the Western Australian papers) to send out an exploring party, headed by Mr. A. Forrest, at the begin ning of next year, to the North-East, starting from Nickol Bay, acd examining the watershed of the country lying between that point and Pert Darwin. The party will be accompanied by a geologist acd a botanist, and important results are anticipated to accrue from the ex ploration. South Australian Clttb. — A meeting of the members of the new Club was held at White's Arbitration Rooms on Monday afternoon. Mr. W. Longbottom, J.P., presided, and there was a fair attendance. It was unanimously resolved that the Club should be considered formed, and tbat the site recommended by the Committee in Piiie-street, next Messrs. Lfivi & Co.'s warehouse, be that chosen for the Club premises. The trustees appoin^ad were Messrs. G. S. Fowler, MP, E. T. Smith, M.P., W. Johnston, and J. Gordon; and the Committee, Messrs. W. Longbottom, J. G. Booihby, Thos. King, M.P., W. Gooch, A. L. Harrold, A. Bonnin, and L. A. Jessop. Tbe rules of tbe institution were con sidered seriatim and adopted. A vote of thanks was passed to the Committee and to the Hon. Sec., Mr. W. L. Ware. South Austhaiiax Coal CoK?Ainr.— The annual meeting of the shareholders of this Company was held at the office of the Society. 87, King William- street, on Monday, September 3\. Mr. A. S. Clark presided, and there was a fair attendance of those interested. The Directors' report was as follows : — ' In present ing their thirteenth annual report and_ balance sheet your Directors have pleasure in calling attention U- the fairly satisfactory result of tbe past year's work, as shown by the balance of profit and loss, which now stands at £2,173 3s. 8d., notwithstanding that £460 has been written off from the Company's property. Your Direc .' ors propose to pay the usual half -yearly divi deud of 6(1. per share and also a boaus of 3d. per share, making a total division of 12^ per cent, for the year. After paying this dividend and bonus there will remain the sum of £1,610 13s. 8d. to the credit of profit and loss, which your Directors propose to carry forward. Tae total sales of toe Company have not been so large as during the preceding year, owing to the absence of any of the large contracts ; but the sales to general consumers have increased.'' Mr. Clark expressed regret that the workings for past year bad not been so remunerative as ia the year before. Then they had several good contracts, but competition had taken those from them at prices which they did not corsider re munerative. The retail trade, however, was still kept up, and they had every reason to believe that their operations would in the fui-ure be as profitable as in the past. As was shown by the report the Directors had considered themselves quite justified in paying the usual dividend of 6d. per share and a bonus of 3d. per share on the half-year, making a dividend at the rate of 12A per cent, per annum. The balance in hand on the profit and los* account would be £1.610 13s. 8d. The report and balance-sheet was carried. There was some little dibcussicn on a special report, which had been prepared by the auditors by request, in which the expense of working tbe Company was considered, and it was decided that the affairs were carried on as economically as was com patible with thorough efficiency. Messrs. Jus. Smith and Adamson were re-elected Directors ; ard Messrs. John Neill and W. L. Ware were reappointed Auditors, and their remuneration fxedat£l5. CoiXKcnoji of Natitb Skiss.— Mr. Goddard, of the Stone Hut, near Rebe, has on view at the John Bull Inn a very fine collection of native skins made up into variously patterned mats and rugs. Mr. Goddard informs us that he tanned and prepared tbe skins which were sent by the Government from here to the Philadel phia and Paris Exhibitions, and those that he cow has are, he thinks, quite equal to any he has previously made. There are opossum, wallaby, krng&rco;, native cat, and other skins, same of which are tastefully designed into hearthrugs, drawing-room mats, &c.; Adelaide, TJm.bt, axd Mitchaji Thajcwat. — The first rail of this tramway was laid by Mr. T. King, MP., near Chance's Corner, TJnley, on Monday, September 2. After the ceremony a luncheon took place at the Crown and Sceptre Hotel, at which various speeches on the subject of tramways -were delivered. It is expected that the line will be worked about the end of tbe year, and if it should prove a success it will be extended from Mitcham to the quarries. Disthict of NoABLncoA. — A meeting to take steps to fill up the vacancy in the representation of Noarlunga, caused by the resignation of the Hon. J. Colton, is to be held on Wednesday evening at Isoarlunga. Thb Adelaidh Chbss TorR^AJCEST. — To- night the last three games in this contest are to be played. The four prizetakers are known to be Messrs. Gorett, Elliot, Bertram, and Steele, but the order in which they will be allotted will depend upon the game between Messrs. Gorett and Elliot. Should the former win or draw it lie will gain the first prize and Mr. Elliot the fonrth, while Mr. Bertram will have to play off their tie for the second and third prizes. Should Mr. Elliot win, however, all four, having com pleted their games, will tie and Iiave to play off amongst themselves for the prizes. The two other unfinished games are between Messrs. Wren and Kliaser, and McDonald andFunnell. ImriGRATTOJ* axd EiUGHATios.— The number of persons who arrived at Port Adelaide by sea from other ports during the week ending Satur day, August 31, was 75. Of these 59 came from Melbourne, 14 from Western Australia, and 2 from Boston. The emigration from Port Adelaide for the same period numbered 57 persons, all of whom west to Melbourne. CHELDBEt's Hospital Coxcket. — We under stand that Madame Tasca and Mdlle. Eosaly Merz have ;kindly offered their services at the concert in aid cf tbe Children's Hospital and that their offer has been gratefully accepted. Ttgpini of thb CablbI— Communication was restored between Eatavia and Singapore , on Monday. Citt Cokpoeatiom.— The fortnightly meeting was held on Monday, September 2. A fort night's leave of absence was granted to the Mayor, and Councillor Fuller was appointed to act in his place, A deputation, consisting of Messrs. J. C. Bray, M.P., G. S. Fowler, M.P., and C. C. Kingston, and five others, presented a petition from the Adelaide and Suburban Cricketing Association, praying the Council to giant them a lease for a Cricketing Oval on the l'ark Lands. The Mayor stated that a similar deputation was to wait upon the Council at a future meetiBg. The consideration of the ques tion wps therefore deferred. On the motion of Councillor 'Wigg it was decided that the City Surveyor should report whether, la bis opinion, it was necessary to protect the foundations of the Albert Bridge by sheet-piling. Councillor Jones's motion in favour of taking a poll of the citizens on the question of continuing K«U3 Wjlljam-itieet through Vicfaria- square w.1?, alter a btief discussion, adjourned till next meeting. The Mayor announced his intention to give six more popular concerts in the Town Hall on Saturday evenings,notwithstanding those already given had resulted in a pecuniary losi. Several of the Councillors referred in terms of eulogy to His Worship's liberality, and a vote of thanks was accorded to him for having initiated and carried to a successful issue the series lately given. The Fatal Accident at Jamestown. — On Friday afternoon last information was brought to the police that two men had been killed in a quarry on the Government Reserve north of the town. The trooper in charge at once procured assistance and repaired to the spot with a con- veyance, bringing the remains to the police quarters, where they were placed in one of the cells to await an inquest. The appearance of the bodies was shocking almost beyond description. One named Vince had one side of the skull smashed to pieces, presenting a sickening spec- tacle, and the remainder of the body and limbs crushed almost out of recognition. The other victim named Nottebaum, said to be Italian by birth, was mangled to such an extent that deatn must have been the instantaneous result of his Injuries. His head also was smashed, but not to so terrible an extent as that of Mr. Vince. On the following day an inquest was held at Jureit's Hotel before Mr. J. B. Collins, J.P., as Coroner, and a Jury, of whom Mr. T. Faram was chosen Foreman. Evi dence was given by two men who were carting stone, each of whom had seen the poor fellows at work between 11 and 12 a.m. on the fatal morning. One of them deposed that he con- sidered the work they were engaged in rather dangerous and cautioned them, but they laughed and said it was all right. The next to visit the quarry, so far as appears, was a child of Mr. Vince's, who was dispatched to find the reason why the father had not re- turned at the usual hour for dinner, and who quickly returned with the terrible intelli- gence that the two men were lying under the stones, when word was sent to the police as before stated. A visit to the scene of the catas trophe revealed the fact that a mass of rock about four feet square, and which had apparently been undercut and cleared on one side, had come down upon them, of course instantly crushing them to lifeless masses and then canting over them, leaving only a lot of debris upon the mutilated remains. It would seem that both men were working under the larger rock, standing or kneeling upon a plank, as one was found under the bodies smashed to splinters. On one of them a watch was found still going after their removal to the cells. Both men are known as having been steady and industrious. Vince, who leaves a widow and four children, was a teacher in the Wesleyan Sunday-school ; Nottebaum leaves a widow and six children. Their ages were 36 and 30 respectively. It is needless to add that the Jury at once returned a verdict of accidental death. A rider was added to the effect that an Inspector of Quarries should be appointed. A subscription was started for the relief of the widows and families, nearly £50 being soon collected, the Coroner and Jury handing over their fees for the same purpose. It is also intended to have an amateur concert on the same behalf. The funeral, which took place on Sunday afternoon, was attended by from 500 to 600 people, and profound sympathy was expressed for the bereaved wives and chil- dren. A considerable number of children from the various Sunday-schools of Jamestown formed in with the mournful procession to the ceme- tery. The service at the grave was conducted by the Rev. P. C. Thomas, who concluded a solemn address with an exhortation to those presert to let their sympathies take practical and definite form. Farewell to Mb. M. W. Geeex.— A tea and public meeting was held at the Christian Chapel, Grote-street, on Monday evening, for the pur pose of bidding farewell to Mr. M. W. Green, evangelist, from Victoria, who has been holding a. series of services in connection with the above Church, resulting in the addition of 50 members, during the past three weeks. Mr. T. J. Gore presided. Mr. K. D. Smith, from Hindmarsb, spoke of the great cause for thankfulness at suchresul.s. Mr. Stevenson, who has recently come from Victoria to act as evangelist to the Church at Stirling East, expressed his desire to enter heartily into the work and his belief that success would attend the faithful discharge of his duty. Mr. J.H. Shallberg propounded the questions — How are you? Where do you come from ? and Whither are you going? illustrating and applying them forcibly with regard to the new converts. Mr. Green felt that in reference to the ingathering that had taken place, others had laboured and he had entered into their labours. The seed bad been sown in the Sunday-school, in the Church, in the family ; let the credit be to the sowers, and to God be the glory. He trusted that the work would be carried on with a will and desire to spread around the truth of God's word as given in an open Bible. Opinions might be allowed to differ, but if the facts of Christ's teaching be presented in word and represented in the life of Christians they would exercise a mighty power on all around. He had heard the building of a new chapel had been spoken of ; if so, well let them tell the world they were aiive to the principles they advocated and prepared to accommodate all who were willing to come and hear them. He felt they occupied a position in regard to religions truth that was invincible and irresistible when properly presented and candidly considered. A purse of sovereigns, a present from the ladies of the congregation to M: s. Green, was then presented by the Hon. P. 'anto and acknowledged in appropriate terms The tea and public meetings were largely attended, and passed off pleasantly and success fully. The meetings were attended by about 500 persons. Supekmh Court Sittwqs.— His Honor tbe Chief Justice sat in Banco and in Equity on Monday, September 2. In the former jurisdic tion a rule nisi in the matter of the Bank of South Australia v. Malzard wts granted ; and a motion for a rule in re the criminal information of James Counsell v. John and Ellen McGuiness was dismissed. A decree nisi wa3 granted in the matrimonial suit of Ball v. Ball, which was beard on affidavit. In the Equity Jurisdiction the motion in Basedow and Another v. Sudholz for interim order was adjourned for a fortnight ; and in the matter of the property of the late Emanuel Solomon and the District Council of Port Elliot, an order was made for the payment out of Court to the deceased's trustees of certain money being the proceeds of land sold for rates due to the Council mnder order of the Court. His Honor intimated that he would deliver his reserved judgment in Hamlin v. Marjoram at the next sitting of the Court. Both Courts stand adjourned till Monday next. Rosewatbb. — At a public meeting of the inhabitants of Rosewater, held at the Duke of Edinburgh Hotel on Friday evening, August 30, Mr. H. C. E. Muecke, J.P., the Chairman of the Kosewater District Council, in the chair, the following resolution was carried: — 'That the members for the district be requested to endea vour to obtain a special vote for filliDg up the ditches on both sides of the Grand Junction road from the Port-road to the Chelteoham road. for making the Grand Junctioa-road wider, forming a footpath on one side, and reducing that portion of the road where the plank-road was to the level of the Port-road.' White's Rooms.— There was an improved attendance at White's Rooms on Monday even ing, owing no doubt to the superior bill that was presented. The several performers filled their parts with much credit and were fre quently applauded by the audience. Teial o? GRtTBi*G-Mi.CHiXE3.— A trial of grubbirg-m?''hices, under the auspices of the Royal Agricultural Society, will be held to-d3y on Mr. RagIess*B farm, near Gawler. Nock's Act. — A meeting of tha cit'zens of North Adelaide will take place this evening in the Temperance Hull to coniider the contem plated repeal of Nock's Act. Wbslbtam Fobbigk _MiS3ipJ«A=Ti'0- annual meeting of the mission in connection with the Archer-street Circuit was held in the Archer itreet Wesleyan Church on Monday evening. September 2. The Rev. C. Lane, in the absence through indisposition of Mr. AV. U. Sharland. occupied the chair. After the customary hyniu had been sung and prayer offsred, Mr. Lane, re feiriBg to mission work, stated that the reports from Fiji were very pleasing and full of interest. In Samoa the political strife'that had lately been raging there was very injurious to mission work. Mr. W. 'Williamson then read the finan cial statement, which showed that the net pro i seds for the year amounted to £S'l 3s. 10d., and this had been supplemented by £15 4i. 3d by the collection on Sunday. He further said that in the mission under the Australian Conference there were 44 chapels, 1 missionary, 3 native ministers, 197 local preachers, 44 Sabbath schools, and 44 day schools, the attendance 't the schools numbering 1,7:3). The Rev. R A* Hunter in introducing the Kev. T. Williams auu tbe Rev. A. Kaibure said tbe mission work ii India was progressing slowly. If a person were to travel from Labrador to the South Seas he would see the glorious effects of mission work. The Rev. T. Williams, who on rising was greeted with cheers, spoke of the hardships of a missionary's life, saving that he had had! 15 years' experience in Fiji and New Zealand. He then referred to the labours among the Chine :s in Victoria, saving the good work was going on there, and the Chinese not only gave themselves to Christ, but they went home to their own country there to spread the good news of the GospeL Mr. Williams then referred to his first start as a missionary, and gave instances of the many dangers and trials with which he had had to contend. The Rev. A. Kaibure, through his interpreter, Mr. Williams, made a few remarks, speaking of the introduction of Christianity into his own lend, and con trasting incidents in his own life in connection therewith, concluding by urging them to con tinue their missionary enterprise, and pointing to Fiji as an example of what perseverance in the good work would do. The Kev. Mr. Hunter then moved tbat the thanks of the meeting be presented to the ladies for their services during the past year, and that the following gentlemen be appointed a Committee for the ensuing year : —Messrs. J. Maley, jun., Fance, C. Springett,5 J. Kowe, W. Goss, P. LeCornu, J. LeCornu, T. Mitchell, T. Roberts, F. Woods, W. H. Shar land, H. Wreford, B. Johns, D. Davidson, G. W. Cole, A. R. Nicbolls, C. MacDonnell, Somers gille, and W. Williamson. Mr. W. Kine, Jan., seconded the motion, which was carried unani mously. The proceedings closed with the ioxology and the benediction. Eight Hoses Tit \ion3tratic .f .— The members Df the Eight Hours Associations who are con nected with the Labour League celebrate their anniversary on Monday by a demonsttaMon at the Exhibition Grounds. A gi and procession, in which the masons, labourers, iron- worker-, coachmakers, brickmakers, boot and shoe makers, painters and plumbers, and the Gawler Branch of the League joined, paraded the principal streets in the morning prior to marching to the scene of the day's festivities. There was a very large attendance on the ground during the afternoon, and the affair passed off successfully. In the evening a concert and ball took place at the Town Hall. Another body of working men who are not cennected with the Labour League held a picnic at Paradise, to which place they were conveyed in 28 of Mr. George's large omni brses. The Port Adelaide section, who claim to be the pioneers of the eight hours movement, held a picnic and had sports on Torrens Island, to which place they proceeded to the number Df 3,0C0 in the steamers Adelaide and Eleanor. Full particulars cf the demonstration will bi found elsewhere. Dhposits rNDBE Foukdatiok-Stomes.— From time immemorial (remarks the Argus) weak minded persons have been at great pains to deposit coins of value, together with elaborate statements engrossed upon parchment, bundles of newspapers, and what not, in glass-stoppered bottles in foundation-stones of public edifices, in the fond hope that posterity centuries hence would know wbo were respectively the Presi dent, Treasurer, and Secretary of the institu tion about to be erected. Architects, con tractors, and workmen have from time to time, over glasses of wine or pots of beer, laughed at the absurdity, well krowing that so soon as the sun went down tbe stone would be lifted, the bottle extracted, and the coins would be lique fied by a simpler and less scientific process than that of the liquefaction of oxygen. When the Emerald Hill Towa Council purchased tbe orphanage buildings from the trustees it was de cided to hand over to the institution the bottle deposited in the foundation-stone by the late Sir Charles Hotham on September 6, 1S55. At the laying of the stone, the Hon. James Ser vice, then Chairman of the new-dedged munici pality, presented an address, and after the pro ceedings a liberal donation was made to the workmen in the usual way. But apparently not content with this the bottle was rUed of its contents, as yesterday (August 9) when the stone was excavated it was found empty. The Mayor and the Chairman of the Public Works Committee were present when the stone was bared, haung waited until the workmen now engaged in taking up the foundations had exca vated it. As Mr. S. Amess whs the contractor he might be able to give the names of the men wtio were employed in the laying of the stone, but it would be next to impraibie to detect the real offenders. Railway to thb Mubbat.— A meeting was held on Monday, September 2, at Mount Pleasant, to urge upon the Government the desirability of seeing if a railway by the Torrens valley could not he constructed at less expense and with easier gradients than that proposed to Nairne. Several resolutions embodying the views of the meeting were carried, and a depu tation appointed to wait upon the Government. A report of the proceedings will be found ia another column. Poet Augusta. — Our correspondent, writing on August 31, says : — ' In proof cf my statement last week in respect of the dredging of the Gulf the Royal George still lies seven miles from the port (although afloat), the steamer Flinders ran aground last Monday in endeavouring to tow her to the port, and the Governor Musgrave also has had the privilege of knowing that there are soundings at very low water off Brown's Point, TheGovernment Jetty was ready a week or so ago for berthing the Royal George, and that vessel should have been partly discharged ere this The consequence will be tbat that vessel and arother ship, which is shortly expected with girders for the bridges of the railway line, will have to be discharged together, making it incon venient for hoth shipmasters aud contractors. The great future which awaits this port since the railway has been started is patent to every ore wbo has visited it. Let the Government dredge the Gulf of a few sandbanks that any shipmaster can point out, and leave us to Providence aud ourselves, and Port Augusta will in long after years compare with many other ports as to the figures of exports and imports.' Anotheb Gho3t. — A real live ghost (says the TTallaroo Times) is believed by some persons to haunt a house which has been untenanted for some time in Johnson-street. A few nights since a resident of our town, happening to pass the particular locality referred to after night fall, was horrified by the appearance of a figure in white, which he stated placed its hands upon its knees and groaned dreadfully. The said reiident did not, however, stay to interrogate the ' unreal mockery' as to the meaning of its peculiar coiiduct, but exercised such unwonted velocity of movement that he found himself at his own door in an extraordinarily short space of time. It is stated that his hair resembled the 'quills upon the frettul porcupine'' to an extent that defied both brush and comb to make it assume its original condition until the state of nervous agitation into which he had been thrown by the apj^arition had somewhat sub tided. We expect to hear before long that Con stable Donegan has succeeded in exorcising this unquiet spirit, and that he, she, or it, as the case may be, is safe in the custody of Corparal Smith at the lockup. The Rabbit Nuisance. — In other columns will be found a report of the increase of rabbits in the Districts of Hallettrnd tbe Eurra, and tbe damage occasioned by these pest*. Appended to it are the statements of the Clerks of tha District Councils which have taken steps towards the destruction of the rabbits. Lec-tube ox ' Wicxliffb.' — The lecture which was to have been given in the Methodist New Connexion Church on Monday evening under the above title was postponed at the re quest of those present, owing to the smallness of the attendance, which was doubtless caused by the eight hours celebrations. The lecture will be delivered at some future time. Matt-h to Jaitestowk. — Our Jamestown corre spondent says that it is understood that oh and after 2nd September there will be two mails each way daily between Jamestown and 