SCRAPS, ORIGINAL SELECT. AND KING O'TOOLE AND ST. KEVIN. (A LEGEND OJ? THE SEVEN CHURCHES.) " By that lake, whose gloomy shore Skylark never warbles o'er, Where the sky hangs high and steep, Young St. Kevin stole to sleep."-— Who has not read of St. Kevin, celebrated as lie has been by the world-known Moore in the melodies of his native land ? Through him, in the beautiful ballad whence the epigraph of this story is quoted, the world already knows that the skylark, through the intervention of the Saint, never startles the morning with its joyous note in the lonely valley of Glendalough. In the same ballad the unhappy passion which the Saint inspired and the blue eyes of Kathleen and her melancholy fate are also celebrated, as well as the ghostly appearance of the love-lorn maiden. " And her ghost was seen to glide Gently o'er the fatal tide." The guide many years ago to these most ancient of Irish church ruins, aud from whose lips the following legend was gathered, was old Joe Irwin, and by him conjointly with the tourist we will leave it to be worked out. On arriving at a small ruin on the south-eastern side of the lake, he led me into the ivy-covered remains through a small square doorway, whose rough structure andlintelofstoueproclaimed their high antiquity. "This, Sir,"saidmy guide, putting himself into an attitude, " is the chapel of King OToole—av coorse y'u heerd o' King O'Toole, yer honour ?" " Never," said I. " Musha, thin, do you tell me so," said he ; " I thought all the world far and near heerd o' King O'Toole—well, well! but the darkness of mankind is ontellible! Well, 6ir, you must know, as you didn't hear afore, that there was wonst a king called King O'Toole, who was a fine ould king in the fine ould times ; and it was him that ownded the churches in them airly days." " Surely," said I, " the churches were not in King O'Toole's time !" "Oh, by no means, yer honour—troth it's yerself is right enough there ; but you know the place is called the chutches, becase they were built afther by St. Kevin, and wint by the churches iver more ; and therefore, av coorse, the place bein' so called, I say that the King ownded the churches, and why not, sir, seein' it was hes birthright, time out o* mind beyant the flood ? Well, the King, you see. was the right sort—he was the rale boy, and loved sport as he loved his life, and huntin' in particular, and fro' the risin' o' the sun up he got and awav he wint over the mountains beyant afther the tleer : and the fine times them wor, for the deer was as plinty then, aye, troth far plintyer than the sheep is now, and that's the way it was with the King, from the crow o' the cock to the song o' the redbreast." "In this counthry, sir," added he, speaking in an undertone, " we think it onlooky to kill the redbreast, for the robin is God's own bird." Then elevating his voice to its former pitch he proceeded—" well it was all mighty good as long as the King had his health ; but you see in coorse of time the King grew ould by raison he was stiff in his limbs, and when he got 6tricken in years his heart failed him, and be was lost intirelv for want of divarshin, becase he couldn'i a huntin' no longer, and by dad the poor king was obleiged at last for to get a goose to divart him." Here I could not but smile at this royal amusement—"the royal game of goose." " Oh, you may laugh if you like," said he, half affronted ; " but it's truth I'm telliu r you ; and the goose divarted him was this-a-way, You see the goose used for to swim acrassthe Like and go down divin' for throut (and not finer throut in all Ireland than the same throut) andcotch fish on a Friday for the king, and flew every other day, round about the lake, divartin' the poor king, that ycu'd think he'd break his sides laughiu' at the itolicksome tricks ave his goose ; so in course o' time the goose was the greatest pet in the coun thrv and the biggest rogue, and divarted the king to no end, and " the tb poor king was as happy as the day was long. So that's the way it was, and all went on mighty well until, by dad, the goose got 6thricken in years as well as the king, and grew stiff in the limbs like her maether, and couldn't divart him no longer ; and then it was the poor king was lost complate, and didn't know what in the wide world to do, seein' he was done out av all divarshin, bvraison that the goose was no more iu the flower of her blurne. Well, the King was well nigh-hand broken hearted, and melancholy intirely, and was walkin' one mornin' at the edge of the lake lamentin' his cruel fate and thinkm' o' drownin' hisself, when all of a sudden, turnin round the corner beyant, who should he meet bnt a mighty decent young man comin' up to him God save you, says the King (for the King was ; civil-spoken gentleman by all accounts); God save you kindly, says the young man back to him again, God save you, says he, King O'Toole. Thrue for you, says the King, 1 am King O'Toole, say he, plenipennytinchery av these parts, says. he, but how kem you to know that says he. O, never mind, says Saint Kavin. For, you see, says old Joe in his undertone again, and looking very knowingly, it was Saint Kevin, sure enough—the saint himself in disguise, and nobody else. Oh, never mind, says he, I know more than that, says he, nor twice than that. And who are you 1 said the king, th it makes so bowld—who are you at all, at all 1 Oh never you mind, says Saint Kevin, who I mn; you'll know more o' me beforo we part, King O'Toole, says he. I'll be proud o' the knowledge o' your acquaintance, 6ir, says the Kiug, mighty purlite. Troth you may say that, 6ays Saiut Kevin. And now may I make bowld to ax how is your goose, King O'Toole ? says he. Blur-anagurs; how kem you to know about my goose ? says the King- O, no mather; I was given to understand it, Bays Saint Kevin. Oh that's a folly to talk, says the King; bekase meself and wy. goose is private Mends, says he; and no one coup tell you, says he, barrin'the fairies. Oh, thin, it wasn't the fairies, says Saint Kevin, for I'd have you to know, says he, that I don't keep the likes o' Bitch company. You might do worsi', then, my gay fellow, says the King, for it's they could show you a crock o' money, as aisy as ki*s hands; and that's not to be sneezed at, savs the King, by a poor man, says he. May be I've a betther way of making money ineself, says the saint By gor, says the King, barrin' you're a coiner, says he, that impossible. I'd scorn to be the likes, iny lord! says Saiut Kevin, mighty high ; I'd scorn to be the likes, savs he. Then what are you, says the King, that makes money so aisy by your own account ? I'm an honest man, Bays Saint Kevin. Well, honest man, says the King, and how is it you make your money so aisy 1 By rnakin' owld things as good as new, says Saint Kevin. Blur-an-ouns, is it a tinker you are ? says the King. No, savs the Saint, I'm no tinker by thrade, King O'Toole ; I've a betther thrade than a tinker, says he—what would you say, says he, if I made your ould goose as good, as new ? My dear, at the word o' makiu' his goose as good as new, you'd think the poor ould King's eyes was ready to jump out iv bis head, and says he —troth, thin, I'd give you more money nor you could count, says he, if you did the likes ; and I'd be behoulden to you into the bargain. I scorn your dirty money, says Saint Kevin. Faith, thin, I'm thinkin* a thrifle of change would do you no harm, says the King, lookin' up sly at the ould caubeen Saint Kevin had on him. I have a vow agin it, says the Saint, and I am book-sworn, says he, niver to have goold, silver, or brass in my company. Barrin' the thrifle you cant help, says the King, mighty cute, and lookin' him straight in the face. You just hot it, says Saint Kevin; but tho' I can't take money, says he, I could take a few acres o' land, if you'd give them me. With all the vein3 o' me heart, 6ays the King, if you can do what you say. Thry me ! says Saint Kevin ; call down your goose here, and I'll see what I can do for her. With that the King whistled, and down kem the poor goose all as one as a hound, waddlin' up to the poor ould cripple her masther, and as tike him as two pays. The minute the Saint clapped his eyes on the goose, I'll do the job for you, says he, King O'Toole ! By Jaminee, says King OToole, if you do, but I'll say you're the cliverest fellow in the sivin parishes. Oh ! by dad, says Saint Kevin, you must say more nor that—my horn's not so soft all out, says he, as to repair your ould goose for nothin'; what'll you gi' me if I do the job for you ?—that's the cliat, says Saint Kevin I'll give you whatever you ax, says the King isn't that fair i Divil a fairer, says the Saint that's the way to do business. Now, says he, this is the bargain I'll make wid you, King O'Toole will you gi' me all the ground the goose flies over, afther I make her as good as new ? I will, sayi the King. You won't go back o' yer word t says Saint Kevin. Honor bright! says King O'Toole, houldiu' out his fist. Honor bright, says Saint Kevin back again; it's a bargain, says he. Come here, says he to the poor ould goose—cotne here, you misforthunate ould cripple, says he, and it's I that'll make you the sportin' bird. With that, my dear, he tuk up the goose by the two wings, criss o' my crass an you, says he, markin' her to grace with the blessed sign at the same minute—and throwin' her up in the air. JWiew, says he, just givin' her a blast to help her : and with that, my jewel, she tuk to her heels, flyin' like one of the aigles thimselves, and cuttin' as many capers as a swallow afore the rain ; away she wint and flew over Saint Kevin's bed, along the side o' the clift over the lake (that is, where Saint Kevin's bed is note, but was not thin by raison it wasn't made, but was contrived afther by Saint Kevin hisself that the women might lave him alone), and on with her under Lugduff, and round the end iv the lake there far beyant where you 6ee the watherfall (tho' indade it's no watherfall at all now. but only a poor dhribble iv a thing, but if you see it in the winter it id do yer heart' good, and it roarin' like mad and as white as the dhriven snow, and rowlin* the big rocks afore it all as one, as the children playing marbles)—and on wid her, thin, right over the lead mines, o' Luganure, that is where the lead mines is now, but wasn't thin bv raison they worn't discivered, but was all goold iu St. Kevin's time—well, over the ind o' Luganure she flew, stout and sturdy, and round the ither end of the little lake by the churches (that is, av coorse, where the churches is now but worn't thin by raison they worn't built but aftherwards by St. Kevin), and over the big hill over yer head where you 6ee the big clift (and thr.t clift in the mountain was made by Fin Ma Cool, where he cut it acrass wid a big sword that he got made a purpose by a blacksmit out o' Bathdrum, a cousin av bis own, for to light a joyant that darrd him an the Curragh o' Kildare ; and he thried the sword first an the mountain, and cut it down into a gap, as is plain to this day ; and faith, sure enough, it's the same sahss (sauce) he sarved the joyant soon and suddent,and chopped him in two like a pratie for the glory av his sowl and owld Ireland). Well, down she flew over the clift, and flutterin' over the wood there at Poulanas (where I showed you the pretty watherfall; and by the same token last Thursday was a twelve month sence a young lady, Miss Rafl'erty by name, fell into the same watherfall and was nigh hand clrownded; and indade would be to this day but for a young man that jumped in afther her; indade a smart slip of a young man he wor; lie wor out o' Francis-street, I hear, and coorted her sence, and they wor married I am given to uuderstaud, and indade a purty couple they wor.) Well, as I said, after fluttering over the wood a little bit to plaze herself, the goose flew down and lit at the fut o' the King, as fresh as the daisy, after flyin' roun' his dominions, just as if she hadn't flew three perch. Well, my dear, it was a beautiful sight to see the King standin' with his mouth open looking at his poor ould goose flyin' as light as a lark, and better nor ever she was; aud when she lit q,t his fut he patter her an the head, and Mavourneen (my darling), says he, hut you are the darliut o' the world! And what do you say to me, says Saint Kevin, for inakin' her the likes? I say, says the King, that nothiu' bates the art of man, barrin' the bees. And do you say no more nor that, says Saint Kevin. And that I'm behoulden to you, says the King. But will you gi' me all the groun' the goose flewn over, says Saint Kevin. I will, says King O'Toole, and you're welkim to it, says he, though it's the last acre I have to give. It's well for you, says Saint Kevin, mighty sharp, for if you didn't say that word the divil a bit yer goose id iver fly again ! says Saint Kevin. Well, when the King was as good as his word, Saint Kevin was pluzed wid him, and says he, King O'Toole, you are a dacent man, I only came here to thry you. You don't know me, says he, I'm desaving you all out; I'm not meself, at all, atall! Blur-an-agurs, then, says the King,if yourenotyerself who are you? I'm Saint Kevin, said the Saint, blessin' hisself. Oh, queen iv heaven, say the King, makin' the crass betunc his eyes and fallin' down on his knees before the Saint, is it the great Saint Keviu savs he, that I've been discoursin' all this time, without knowin' it, says he, all as one as if he wor a lump of gossoon ? and so you're a Saint, says the King. I am, says Saint Kevin, and the greatest of all the Saints ! For Saint Kevin, you must know, sir, is counted the greatest in all the Saints, bekase he went to school with the Prophet Jeremias. Well, my dear, that's the way the place came all at wanst into the bauds of Saint Kevin ; for the goose flewn roun ivery indhividyal acre o' King O'Toole's property, bein' hi into the taycrct by Saint- Kevin, who was mighty cute ; and the King had his goose as good as new, and the Saint supported him afther be kem into his property, until the day av his death, and when he was gone gave him an illigant wake, and a beautiful herrin'; aud more betoken he said mass for his sowl, an' tuk care of his goose. MoonK. 