CITY CORRESPONDENCE. [From oar own Correspondent.! Adelaide, February 4, 1877. xne report was very current on jmaay that Mr. Eb. Ward, wbo had cleared out for Mel bourne on the preceding Tuesday, bad got a first class billet in Victoria from Mr. 0-raham Berry— a splendid reward for originating a sympathetic telegram ; .but I think tbe rumour was the coin age of some fertile brain like that of friend Long eon. Mr. Ward Jis too much of a South Aus tralian thus to flit away ; and besides, be lives tt o much on tbe public approbation thus quietly to retire into private life, albeit he might make more money. He emulated Cincinnatus by taking a farm, but he does not stay there until the people urgently call him forth; he goes and comes at his pleasure. He likes to be in the thick of any political row, and I believe this is the main reason that has taken him to Melbourne just now- His telegram to the Farmer's Messenger on Friday shows that he is a keen watcher of events in Yiotoria 5 and his leader in the same paper announces him as an admirer, not of the aristocracy of birth or of wealth, but of tbe aristocracy of learning. In that case I don't think he will get much of what he moat admires in Mr. Berry's party. In political matters there is -'beginning to be a little move. Messrs. Sees and Rounsevell must have credit for being the Bret in the field. A day or two ago they an nounced in a joint advertisement that they would offer their services to the electors of the Burra at the approaching elections. With two such good representatives the Burra people sbonld be satis fied, for they could not be better served and both men command a good deal of influence in the House, besides being numbered among the lead ing speakers. The popular E. T. Smith has re turned to the colony, and will of course offer himself to bis old constituency—East Torrei.s Mr. D. Murray is going home, so that Mr. Smith will fall back into bis old position as naturally a< possible. Mr. Flayford will, I take it, be Mr. Smith's colleague as of yore, for I don't think Mr. Daniel Fisher or Mr. Villeneuve Smith, or even Mr. James Jones, will have the ghost of a chance against two such popular men as Smith and Playford. I hear that there is a probability of Mr W. H. Bundey coming out for his old dis trict. There is no question that two or three constituencies would be only too glad to secure Mr. Bundey; the Port would put him in at the head of the poll. The lumpers and boatmen . would vote .for him., to a man, while,-thp\Port people generally would be only too glad to have as their representative a gentleman wjio $ias 'done so much for the yachting interests of; Port Ade laide. But Mr. Bundey is not one to" run away from his first love; he has decided to stand for Onkaparinga; and there is no question about his return. Mr. Tomkinson's expose of the way in which Mr. Swan has administered' the estate of the late Michael Terry, mail contractor of the Burra, has excited a good deal of comment here. By some Mr. Tomkinson is admired for his pluck in ex posing the matter; but there are others who think it iB not as black aB it is painted. It is, however, a strange affair altogether, and the in terests of justice demands that there should be some further elucidation or explanation of the facts and circumstances. Ajb far as I can gather the history of the case is as follows.—Some time ago Terry, who it was understood was carry ing on a profitable coach and mail business, be came a lunatic, and Mr. Swan as one of his bondsmen to the Government stepped in, and was appointed a Committee to manage the affairs of the lunatic during his lunacy. In about two months, as I understand it, Terry passed from the Lunatic Asylum to the charnel-house of death ; but in the course of that two months Mr. Swan it eeems managed the business so badly that a loss of about £1,400 was made. There should be some explanation as to how this loss was made ; that seems to be tbe great ugly blot in the accounts. After Terry's death Mr. Swan was appointed Administrator to the estate, and while acting thns between £3,000 and £4,000 passed into his hands of the proceeds. Of this be paid between £800 to £900 to the lawyers ; he kept a 5 per cent, commission himself; he paid four or five other creditors in full; while some 195 other creditors had to whistle for their money. Some of the charges in the lawyer's accounts appear to be very absurd. There is first of all a charge of £34 2s. 6d. for preparing a circular announcing that a dividend would be payable ; and there was a similar charge . for preparing a circular stating that there were no assets, and consequently no dividend. One of these charges was rebated; but fancy, charging £34 2s. 6d. for sending ont a printed circular to 195 persons. It seems very hard lines for the poor widow, who naturally expected something out of the estate; and it must have been very annoying to the 195 creditors to find that a few of the creditors had been specially favoured while they were left out in tbe cold. Mr. Swan denounces Mr. Tomkinson's statement as " wilful liesbut Mr. Tomkinson retorts that he has put the case mildly. Whether we shall get any further enlightenment, seems doubtful, unless the creditors combine and test in a Court of law the legality of the proceedings. I am not a reporter, but I have a few friends among the craft, and am often amused at the incidents which happen to them occasionally. Not long ago one of the smartest and best dressed of tbe fraternity had occasion to go to a dinner, got up I think for the special delectation and en joyment of the market gardeners. He arrived at tbe banquet a few minutes late, and all the seats appeared to be occupied. While casting his eyes about for a vacant place he saw a sun-browned tiller of the soil beckon to him. Thinking that the old gentleman had a seat for him, he has tened to his side. The gardeuer, pleased with the promptitude of the response, in tones of unusual familiarity leaned forward and said " Bottle of porter, my man." The knight of the pen did not comprehend the point; he thought there was some mystic meaning in the phrase ; he looked blankly at the man/ and finally sug gested that he should repeat his words. " I said a bottle of porter; come, be quick, there's a good fellow," was the rejoinder. " What! do you take me for a waiter ? " gasped out the smartly dressed phonographer. " Yes, aren't you one ? " " No; I am reporter for the Danbwrtj News" responded my friend. " Oh, carry me out; I beg your parsnips," said the malicious old turnip * grower, to which no reply was given, but the look was killing. The gifted young note-taker found I a seat a few Yards away. 