MELBOURNE. [kEUTEB'B TKLBGBAltB.] July 17. Begarding the accident to the Garonno, mail steamer, tho S«c» mail brings the fol Jowing particulars s t> ^,ron®e grounded on a sandbank off Kflfi Haffoon Island, where there is a danger* ous current, and where Boveral steamers have been lost. After finding that the vossel could not be f?ot off, tho captain despatched the life boat, in charge of tho second officer (Mr. Ward roperkto Aden, 400 miles distant, for assist ance, Bos Haffoon being- quite desolate at the time of the accident. within one day's steaming of Aden, the bait was picked up by the steamer Mono ne tosh ire, bound east. 4u"AtS?r.ta^illg^(5crow and boat on board, the Merionethshire proceeded to the scene of the accident, but on arriving there found that rneOaronne had in the meantime got off the sandbank and proceeded on her voynire. J n m® ^"ooethehiro then proceeded to ualle, where she landed the second officer and boat s crew. Tho OiiFonne's position is said to bare been a most perilous one, as if the monsoon bad come on to blow nothing conld have Baved the Teasel, owing to tho high sea which quickly gets up. Auclcland Herald says that the fire in* euiunee authorities declare that four- tenths of tho losses by fire in New Zealand are duo to incendiarism. In the Brisbane telegrams published in tho last issue of our local oontomporury, a passaze occurred to the effect that in the Legislative Assembly on Friday lost, Mr. MorgeSi with drew his motion for "*80,000" for the repair of roads in the Warwick district. This is incorrect. The motion is for £8,000, and was not withdrawn, but stands adjourned till to m will be seen by the Parliamentary Srjrw ,n supplement to this tporning's Oob metropolitan contemporary, the Patriot, regrets to hear that the volunteers are not willing to Oct as militia, which Mr. Palmer's volunteer Bill would certainly convert them into. Large numbers of the very best men OI tho metropolitan corpa intend sending in Uieir resignations immediately on the measure becoming law, and tho men of the country ootpi wilt certainly not bo long in following their example. However much this is to bo regretted it is scarcely to be wondered at; men who am their own masters may bo led. m certainly not be driven. "4 family of Bellringers, whose tuneful bells" it is not so long since the in. habitants of Warwick had the pleasure of heating, appear in tho Town Hall to-mpnow and Saturday night. The performances of this troupe are always enjoyable, and are so well known m Warwick ss to need little com. ment. _ We refer our readers to the advertise, meat in another column of to-day's issue, from which it will be seen that there is to ba a change of programme each evening, the performance to-morrow night concluding with the farce entitled " A ghost in a Pawn Shop." Alwatb happy to advanoe the interests of the OOD^ifclwntB'il "ith Pleasure wo notice \- -p- auwowNivuu iwpiuvQineDvD daily maMng thoir appearance at the southern end of Palmenn-atreet. Notably amongst them ib the capacious building in course of erection Tor Mr. F. Utayson, who, in accordance with the spirit of the times, has determined to meet his increasing trade with suitable and efficient premises for carrying on a huge pro duw ana general store j a fact which Vill undoubtedly be appreciated by his namerous friends and supporters in tho district. Tbb business transacted at the Police Court since our last has been unimportant. On Thursday, before Wm. Thompson, Esq., J.P.. one drunkard was discharged. On Saturday.' before the Police Magistrate, Daniel Skehaa, charged with the wilful destruction of pro perty, was discharged, there not being suffi cient evidence to substantiate the charge. Matthew Madden, for exposing his person, was sentenced to be imprisoned for twelve hours. Yesterday, before the Police Uagis Messrs. Morgan and Thompson, JJ.P., William Houston, for drunkenness, was cautioned and discharged. The same prisoner was fined 6s. for disorderly conduct. WE are glad to be able to state that the re ports from all parts of the district of the pros pects of the wheat crops are of tho most en couraging nature. From Upper and Lower 8wan Creek we have information to the effect that tho craps in these neighborhoods are looking remarkably well. From the farau along the valley of the Condamine, and from freestone Creek, the news is equally cheering, while our correspondent at Allora states that the cropB in that neighborhood never looked better. A harvest such as present appear ances promise would be doubly welcome after the severe trials the farmers have had to oon Thb proprietor of the Conning Downs es tate-,!. D. Macansh, Esq.-haa decided upon turning a portion of his run to another and more profitable account than the feeding of aheep. A few thousand acres of the rich elopcB on tho southern banks o£ Swan Creek, JPP08^1 Hermitage, and about five miles from Warwick, have Been surveyed into 80 acre blocks, and these theproprietor proposes to let for agricultural purposes. Already we understand some half-score or so of these Mocks have been let on lenses ranging from iZT'an v,at a rental that< with anything like favorable seasons, will leave the toaees a handsome margin of profit. Most or the men who have gone into the speculation mi Creek farmers, who will he ablo to lully attend to the new land without neglect vi Ilfn PrcWHt toldinKa. A road to mar ket will be provided by the erection of a bndffe over Swan Creek. Wi draw the attention of our agricultural and pastoral friends to the announcement appearing in another column of the opening, proximo, of the Annual Exhibition of tho National Agricultural and industriala Association, Brisbane. There can oe no doubt but that tho severe weather of * -vmwio mu wu sunouaiy atratnet JP° ?l Agricultural department of the inhibition; but we are happy to notice oy the tone of the Brisbano papers that in al mrat every otherdepttrtmentthe show promises to bo more than usually successful. Durinir the course of the exhibition week there are to be several trials of agricultural machinery, and these will doubtless attract a goodly number of our formers; there aro also to be experiments with the electrio light, the tele phono, Ac. The Exhibition opens on August 21,, andI cheap trains will ran from oil stations lo Brisbane during tho few days prior to and succeeding the opening dny.3 