THE TAPAL HIERARCHY IN SCOTLAND. Tho Bislops of tho Scottish Episcopal Churoh have issued tho following protest against tho hind- " alm' Hierarchy in Soot- " In the namo of God. Amon. Whereas wo, tho undersigned Bishons. ocom v. 1>v Tllvinn lormission, tho nneiont Sees of the Churoh of bcqtland, claiming none othor authority and jurisdiction than such as wore claimod andoxer- oisod by tbc Bisliops of tbo Primitive Churoh, before any of tho kingdoms of this world bocamo the kingdoms of onr God aud of his Christ: and touching tho faith onoo dolivored to tho eaiuts (and nono othor), as it is contained in Holv Sonpturo, and doiiuod by tbo (Eoumonical hyuods of tbo undividod Church of Christ: and whereas tho Bishop of Rome, who noithor hath nor ought to havo, any authority or jurisdiction, eoolesiastionl or spiritual, in this realm, hath, on tliO moa nf n. tit-nfnnrlnrl oyer the Churoh1 of Christ, intruded proJates of liis own appointment into Soos occupied bv us and whoreas it is tho law of Primitivo Episco pacy, as instituted by the Aiieslles of our Lord Jesus Christ, that all Bishops in the Churoh of Ounst are of the samo ordor aud hold tho samo apostolio offico, aud that for any ono of fhom to olaim nmvorsal supramaoy is te usurp the offico of tho Lord HimBolf : and whereas, also, it is aooording to oauonical rnlo, and tlio'ordorof tho Catholio Church, that there should ho but ouo Bishop 111 _tho same See, so that tho intrusion of a second Bishop mto a See already ooonpiod is a violation of tho law of unity and a rending Jf the body Of Christ: we, therefore, the Sops aforesaid, 11 behiilf.of.oursolvoVjmdour suecos-- f'flthful of that branch of the one Cathoue and Apostolic Church nu which wo boar oflico, do now, in the name of our Lord and Haviour Josus Christ, the Ouo Head of-tho Universal Clmrch, publicly und solemnly protest against this 'nssunmiiAi, ,.r power by tlio said Bishop of liomo, its contrary to tho order und fundamental laws of thoC'ullim lie Church, and_dostitnto tboreforoof anyantho- rity or validity in tho Clmrch of Christ. Givm, jntdorour hands this 18th day of April, in the year of our Lord 1878. — Robort Edorl, D.D Bishop of Moray, Ross, and Cuithnoss, Primus ' of Brechin , Georgo H. Maokurness, D.D.,JJishoii o£ ArgyH and tho Isles," aisuop At an oxponso of nearly £10,099, tho Duke of Norfolk has erected a lionso ut Sheffield fer the Vmoontiau Fathers. It is intended also us a spiritual retreat. His grace is about te l.mn new schools ilUhoHluymlLtrttld-c "- presby tory for the priests of the principal Jteuniji Catholic Church 111 Shullield (8t. llurv'f ) the cost of which will ozcood £10,000, A-Jaimnrsb Indkmnii'V. — Aounrding to the Bull Mull llazetta, tlio Japiineso lire ulinilt to recoivo from tho United Hiatus Oortiriimonl the lnrgo bnlniico roiiiiiiiiiiig of what lu known ns Hie Jnpimese Indemnity Fund. Fifteen yours ago a Japauaso daiiniowho was in opoii icTvoltngniust . the Tycoon' firoj 011 .nil Aniorioun-sliip.-qiml mado ' nssaiilts nlso 011 oilier ftn-olgii ' vossols, until, with tlio nssistunoo of fuivigii- Powers, lie wss reduced l>y his own Government te suhjoo- tiuuA- irliiiitiinise"iirdsiniTi(y_wa3-oliiiiiiod-liy- tlio United ijtntns and otlior Puwers .for tlio damage duno'lir tho rekolliuiis iluiiuio: and the Aiiioiicinis received as their share 728,125 dollars, whioli lina inoronsed to nearly a million and a half of dollars by iuvoslnioiil iu United i Stntos bonds, nftor paying nil tho recognisable olniuia under it. Tiio CouuuiUoo on Fureign- !.Aftnir8„havo_.doeido"d_oii— reoonmibiiding— tlie- returu of this amount, which lius boon lying iu Iho-Treasiiry-forsiimo-yenrSi-iis-boiiig- tlio-onlv -fnii--ftU'd_Iiotiost eomso to pursiio. Quo of tlio" iirgmnon'ts used in favor of the proposed repay ment i3 that " tho offoot of suoh n,vindioutiuu of tho prinoiples of equity inion whioli tlin "United Stntos Govornmont is condtiotod will bo te turn the tido of.pbpular footing in Japan so thoroughly towards tho United Stntos, nud inoroaso tlio domand for Ainorioau produots aud .maimraotm-ors=to_fluoh_ouoxtent,-that'-tho- bono&ts; which will aooruo to tho United States mil motto its return tho most profitablo invest, meiit over wudo by tho Amoriaau people." Tha samo arginnouts of oourso, do not apply to tho uuoxpeotod balanoo of tho Gouova award. Popular Applause in Courts op Law.— It is reported by tbo Argus of Mouday that when tho jury onipauoltod to try a ohargo of forgory -agauist-o-nmu-namod-Honfy"Giiriiadmvbui theu: vordiot of not guilty, ou Saturday afternoon, tho andiouoo in the gallory burst into loud ap plause The onor of tho Court detected ouo of I tho persons who wore joining in tho npplnuso, and brought him before liis Honor Mr. Justioo Barry. His Honor said that he regretted to find -siuco his return-to the oolony-that-tho- olass-ofl persona who attoudod thoCourtshaddotoriorntcd.-| The audienoo wore to remombor that they wore not in a theatre, but in a place where tlio publio btiBinoss was te be oonauoted with decorum. I Ho could not allow any oxprossions of opinion to be given in the oonrt on vordicls of jurioa, bocauso, u applause WGi'efto be givon for acquit tiug a pnsonor, it might bo that juries would bo I biassod, and this could not hn talnra»A/i youug mau . said - tlint This woe only tbo eocopd tuno ho had boon in Court, and ho wae camed away bv hie fooliugs at tho moraout. His Honor said lio had a good mind to sond him to gaol till Monday morning, as a warning to othors, but on the young man ropoatiug that ho did not intend any offouoo, and was sorry for what ho had doue, his Honor allowod him to loavo tho Court, cautioning him not to inisbohavo again. - , _ I — TnE-BASHooDTANNAM.— Tliis Eastern kiu«-- dom possessos lmmonso forests, whioli contain many sorts of troos capable of supplying tbo most valuable wood, and some day, says Qalltgnam, whon tho commereo of thoso distant regions is more dovolopod, thoy will bocomo tho objeqt of a largo trade. But tho vogotablo pro- ilinnil";"1 "shiowod by tho poor ond oppressed pooplo is unquostiouably tho bamboo. Every ltotiso nud villngo, from tho soa Shore to tlio I mountains, is furnishod with its bolt of this widow J P 1 ? 0,0 milnifo,d usagos to I it is applied, tlioy havo by 110 moans a superabundance. Tlio youug ehoots nro oaten 03 a vogotablo ; tbo nntivos make of it pnwr Rtrmn". nnrl nnw . ... : A " j" ««iubTworu, cextuo fabrics for drose aud nil otlior domcstio purposos, baskets, mots, and partitions ; thoy construct of it boats and utonsils for oooking which will stand tiro' pipes, and pipo-stoms ; boxes and- coffers I liiequorod, of great solidity nnd-vmy olcnnl- tlioy form thoir hats of it, and tho bolt arms of tho country aro bamboo clubs; its thorns and dnVnlTt' "Md I,01'llQ",3;ofit '»» sharpenod and dm on Into tho ground 111 frout of tho fortroasos to form stookadoB, aud ovory soldior on service is bonnd to bo furmsbod with a certain prevision of such piooos ; sonorous instruments nro mado from it for signols, as woll as bridgos to ?reas torrents, and finally houses nro 'built with it Trom tho above enumeration some idea may bo formed of the quantity required by a popnhion ' numbering between thirty and forty mflfions O" N. S. ' Wales.— At tbo Water Pnimn o__ » I on Thursday, Juno 21, Patrick Broinan 55 CbomisL was chnrgod with assaulting the Hon! >V. J. Foster, Attornoy-Goneral of Now Sonlli Wales, on tbo 17th instant, at the Crown Lam Offices The prisoner, whi wos arrested on a Pr"n'' w«b_ engaged by a messenger at ?ho offices to odd jobs suoh ns obopping and carry ing wood. On tho day in question ho foreJd nffi JlVUt a r0,m Bdjoinins the prosooStoFs with a view to lutruding himself on that gentleman s presonos unsought. Some of'tho- mossongora tried to prevent his doing orwhofi- ho boosmo extremely oxoitod, and stniok them struggling with him, and upon this the prosooutor went from his room to sea what was borag dono, ond on on obsorvin" the messengers engaged jiu removing Bremmn do su-od thom not to hurt him. Upon this tho grisonor apparently boosmo more frantfe oud rushing upon tlio prosecutor, straek-' him forcibly on the faoo with his fist. Tho blow caused nroseeutor's nose to blood, and also Tiff hlS III), bosidos lnfllnltnr nll.aw !..e 1 ... I The offouoo was testiflSd to engaged in the ostablishmont, both o/ wJom know the prisoner sovoral yoars, and on tho prosont oooasion-triod-to provont his violonoo doing anyone injury. No tangible reason w allogod for tho assault, beyond tlio Btatamnnl of tbo acousodjlkat ho was oppressod by Bovoral aWBAftj'JA'sSia bl%Ttbfrisono'!e gg telaoHbom'odM autborities Uioro should X%hy t?ati$u1 '"tf movomouts.— S. M. Heralds - Ql8, ",s rp.it... ' . « _ next, Coforo his Honor Judgo Bindon a ! ltZl 0n f .,Pohlm'»' High steoote booiMiiZn'snted for' a' fong/tlumVkl'au.l wS| I young lady homo ono ovonlng, somo two months «iuco, aud whon pseslng Uie rapZaKj ro Will i' 0 w,,ito obiect "> front of lihn" stri it'll mr0 a ,0' 1,0 "wlicd forward nud tho supposed ghost a lioavy blow with life walking s ok. However, tho /host nrovod fo he substantial flosh and hone, in thosE af n daughter of a trooper, and who was miinl li. 1 11 J m the County Court to rocovor £200 damagos.0" I 