i OUR AMATEUR THEATRICALS AT ' j > BOOLONa. A ' / He jests at scars mho moerfelt a wuiuid — Eojieo. V One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, ) was when ho made his first and only appearance as |an y actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment athis \ own house in Boolong. He, for some unknown reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the / boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean — but it J was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his y peculiar dehut. On finding the Melbourne and Sydney ' \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing ( red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" f at any of their several theatres, he resolved to " take the / bull by the horns" and get up a company of his own down ) at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense \ in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having \ scenery painted — for Banbury was determined- to do the ( thing well and in tip- top style. Hs got together a kind f of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am- / bitious amateurs, eager "to fret their hour upon the ) stoge," and one or two seely outcasts of' the profcss'on; y and he-looked forward to the production of his pet play, y " Hamlet," himself as the Prinee, with much excitement, f - not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a y 'month|s constant; rehearsal, were pretty perfect in their y words before the cui'tain went up, but after it did most of. ( them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was y intoxicated, and the Kvig likewise ; Ojjhelia, an amateur, y. -burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a dozen r lines. "Banbury was roared at by the local personages who y assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this y was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills ( came in the expense was twice as large as he had expected, y and he could not meet them. " The fellows," he used to say, \ " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on eredit, because /'they kuewdhat my rich uncle in Adelaide, a strict Method- y ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he would do no ( such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- y pings, for if . there was one thing he held in abhorrence it y was the theatre." , What was he to do ? His uncle would C disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished' / for/him, and.send him adrift on the world. What was he y to do ? His creditors would not wait and he would be a C miserable pauper. But for all this he did not lose his / house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his i name, thknks to the timely aid of one 7y/to 'i.? a friend to E the drahta ds well as totheresi of t/tc joorZfZ, who advanced / him the heedful. Need we say his name. No ; all know y him I But we may. as well, remark it was the ohaniinon ( of the distressed, ! ' ' ' ' . ' . . DAVID HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, y Who has frorh £5' to 6 10,000 to lend on notes of hand, bills y of sale (with or withouf'seenrity), salaiy orders, life C policies, certificates, deeds, biU of . lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise,, on expected reniittances, or on moneys per-' y sons may be entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., f repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers, y Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and, y mortgages. from 6 per cent.. 