A TALE FOR THE YOUNG" CHAPTER V. BABY NUMBER TWO. As time passed, Lucy's cares and labours increased. Just as the baby had got upon his feet, and was making himself the terror of the household, by pulling burning, sticks of-wood from the fire, for toys, and climbing up the sides of the well to throw therein whatever else he could lay his hands on, there came another young gentle man upon the staged - ? 'Well, sir ?'cried Hatty, as she came with her hair, half down to greet the new-comer; ' you're a fine young man, ain't you ? Don't you know we needed a great many things more thatuwe needed you i' .. She kissedhim, as she spoke, with her cold face, aiid he began, to cry. ? * What are you crying; for 5' she continued. 'Dp you suppose we've got anything to give you ? No, indeed ! you've come to a poor place, sir!' "* He shall have a warm welcome, at any rate,' said Lucy, taldng him tenderly in her arms. Her mother looked up, with a quick, grateful smiie. , .. , J Dear child," she whispered, ?* can -you really give him that?' 'Yes, indeed; mother,.and more too.' She went with the child to the kitchen fire, and let the little ones take a -peep at the small pink face. On seeing his place thus . usurped by Baby Number Two, Baby Nnmber Qne re lieved his feelings by a fearful shout of displeasure, and began pnlling at Lucy's dress, scili further to attract her attention. - ? - ' . * Do take him away, somebody,' said Lucy, trembling for her new charge. t-He won't let me, I know,' said Rebecca. ' 'You have weaned him from us all by taking so' much care of him.* This was true. Of late, Lucy had Geen mother to him' as well as sister. ? . ' Well, then, you must dress the baby,' said Lucy offering to relinquish her low seat by the fire. Rebecca shrank back in terror. - * Oh, I couldn't dress it,' said she; * I never did such a thing-in my life." .- - ; ' I know that,' returned. Lucy, ." but somebody must do it, and if you can't amuse Horace, I don't see what. I shall do.-- Arthur, dear, couldnt you take Horace out on the sled awhile. Yes,.indeed, if it isn't too cold. \- If he is wrapped up nicely. I don't believe it will hurt him, said Lucy. Come, Hatty, you will see to it will you J Hatty proceeded to the task with her usual precipita tion, and in a few minutes off they went. Lucy .io%v gently removed the blanket from the new baby, and prepared to array him in the littie worn gar ments that had already done so much service. But at this moment Arthur rushed in with Horace in his^ arms, screaming as only Horace could. He fell right off the sled, the moment 1 began"! to pull, said Arthur. Why, Hatty! did you suppose such a child would do ar. -trin /else? said Lucy. You should have fastened hua o."! s nnehow. i tr'i him to hold on tight, said Hatty. The fact is seeu; : i;sm by the side of the new baby made him seem iike such a big boy, that I forgot he was so young. You might put him in a large basket, said Arthur, and tie the basket on. SUie c.iougli ? cried Hatty, who was now quite in her element. The little - boys stopd. around and admired, while Hatty arranged Horace nicely in the basket, out of which his head peeped like that of a bird from its nest. The little face was covered with smiles and. tears ; the little hands held fast to the sides of the basket; the little air was one a small king might have put ^n. ' Let mother see him, said Lucy, looking with delight at the happy result of Arthur's suggestion. The, children lifted, and bore it in triumph to their mother, who from her bed in the adjoining room had watched the little 1 group,- longing to be among them. _ I great boy now : not baby now, said Horace to his mother, peering over the top of the basket, and point ing with one little white fiuger to the infant in Lucy's lap. He went off, well satified with himself and his new-folind dignity, and the younger children went too. Lucy had now quiet and leisure for the baby. Rebecca and Hatty stood by, and handed puis and aired tiny clothes, and gave advice, but the difficulties of the task were all Lucy's. She grew anxious and heated, as she pursued it amid the cries of the child. I'm afraid it. makes, you fairly ache to see how.awk ward I am, she called out to her mother. But the weary mother had fallen into a placid sleep. That's nice, said Lucy; I was afraid I should worry her. Well, girls, we get along pretty well as nurses, don,t we ? She looked with pleasure on the little crea ture that now lay, with closed eyes, up on her Jap. He,s a nobie fellow, said she. Yes, now he,s dressed he looks grand, said Rebecca, an announcement hailed by Hatty with as hearty laughr ter as she dared venture under the circumstances. Their father now came gently from their mother's room, closing the door behind him. . Mother is sleeping now, he said. ? On the whole, I think we make pretty good nurses. I never knew her sleep so soon, belore. Lucy remembered, with a pang, that; she] had ^been very ungracious on the advent of Horace, and felt lhankfui that she could make some atonement for it by present devotion. A nurse would have been a great expense, "said_ she, and -vve shall get-along nicely, I know. I wish this fellow would open his eyes, andlet.us'see what colour they are, said Hatty. j We musn't expect too much from him, replied Lucy, ' who already felt a- sort of maternal pride in him. But j I must make some gruel for mother now, so who,11 j take him ? j Oh, let me make mother,s gruel, said Rebecca, qnite briskly for her. Let me take the baby ; do ! said Hatty. I haven,1 had him yet. Lucy relinquished her charge, and went out to look for ; the children. She came back immediately. _ ] l-don,t see anything of them, said she. I wish 1 : had charged Arthur not to go far. Father, could you" go up the road, and see if they,re coming? I would, dear, but there are the cattle to fodder, it ought to have been done long ago. i wou!dn,t worry about those bays. They,re safe enough, I,1J warrant. He looked tired aud abstracted. . He had been up all night, ^md many painful thoughts had stirred in his heart. For this was the tenth child, and he had hardly the wherewithal for the nine. He went hastily out, and ?Lucy stood a niomfent,' looking after him. She knew pretty well what troubled him, and longed to take that weight offhis mind. It seems strange, thought she, that just Arthur and i should have found out about that dreadful debt. I doi;,t believe any ol the others would have cared as we do. Rebecca liever worries about anything ; and Hatty can,t realize that there is any occasion to borrow trouble as she always calls it. But Arthur ! he doesn,t seem like the same boy. Sometimes x think he doesn,t eat half he wants, so as to save. But there,d be no use in asking him. She took down her shawl and hood, aud went out to look for him. Now shall you find any. time to study? asked some thing within, as- her thoughts went back to the baby. rdon,t know, she answered, a little sadly. But it,s no matter if i dou,t. A few great tears gathered in her eyes, saying it was a" deal of matter ; and she felt like throwing herself right down there in the snow to cry. But that would never do ! She walked on quickly ; the cool air invigorated and cheered her. We shall get along somehow, she said-and then she smiled, as she remembered hearing of somebody, who had said he was afraid he never should get through,, being asked if he ever heard of any one,s sticking by the way. !' Yes, we shall get Jalongj Rebecca seems ? to brighten up, lately: and Hatty grows older every day. To be sure, she,s not to be depended upon, i hope she wont jump up while i,m gone and let the baby fall off her lap as she does her work and book. The fear of tills not at all unlikely contingency made her quicken her steps ; and she hastened on, looking anxious!5' up the road, till a suddeu turn brought tlie party into fiill view. They were still at a distance, but she saw i in a moment that something was the matter. Several I men occupied the middle of the road : they were lilting I something ; as first she thought it was Horace and his i basket, but as she flew panting on, she saw that it was i Arthur. As she came forward, Horace stretched forth his arms, ] and the other children all broke forth together, in inco- j lierent details. 'Arthur,* and 'a wicked naughty man,' and ' frightened to death,' was all she could catch jn the confusion, till she came up with the men in whose arms , : Arthur now lay, pale and quite senseless. ' Been run over.' said one of them, in answer to the j question of .her terrified lace. * Is he hurt much ?' she forced herself to ask. I * Don'no," said the man. ' Maybe he ain't. He's kind o' stunded now*. We'll have a hand sled here in a . min ute, and fetch him home. There'll be the doctor along, too.' Lucy took Horace from his basket, wherein he had not ceased to scream and kick ever since the accident, and i turned homeward. She had. presence of mind enough left in this great terror to know that her mother must not.; bealarmed. j ' Stay with him. John,' she said to the eldest boy, and turned away. The other children followed, crying after j her. She never knew how she got home with that heavy J boy in her arms, but it seemed as if the winds took her up and carried her there. She opened the door and step ped softly in. On one side was the great kitchen ; on the other, the best room, used only on special occasions, now . ' shut up, dark and cold. She. opened the shutters, and ' then stepped back into the kitchen. * Is mother asleep ?' she asked. ' No ; she's awake, and has got the baby,* said Hat ty Come out here, both of you," she whispered, retiring into the entry. ' Rebecca, will you help me bring down Arthur's bed?' she said. ' And, Hatty, you make a fire in the north room. And, Tom, you'll stay and watch mother: that's a good boy-and don't tell her anything has happened.' . -There was authorityin the trembling voice and in the pale young face. Mechanically they all obeyed her. .'.Oh, what is the matter?1 cried Hatty, as they hurried lightly up the stairs together. p ' Something has happened to Arthur ; I don't know, what exactly ; but I'm sure he's hurt a good deal; and we must get a bed ready for him, where we can take care of him without worrying mother. She would hear every sound overhead.* They had arranged the bed on the fioor, near the fire | Rebecca had speedily kindled, when Arthur was brough j * Don't speak loud, please,' said Lucy to the men 'isothcr is-sicit.' / <,. , She .knelt down by the still insensible boy. t 4 Where is he hurt ?' she asked. _ ' On the head, I guess,' said one of the mea in £3 Withdrew to a window, where they whispered wi* themselves. * " Lucy hYted the hair that had fatten oyer Arthurs ' rej head, and saw the dark purple biuis^that iST.5 red ' "'Will the doctor be here soon ?' she answered ! 1 WeiJ, not so very sdon,' they answered. ^ * ^5 *a<-* is,'he's gone five miles to see old Mrs. Lovejoy, who was took with a fit.' * T iuust do something, then,* said Lucy, desperately. * Couid a leech be gut any1where V And i wish, xatticr would come.* tT * < What is it she says T asked one of the men. Is it a blood-sucker she wants? There's a plenty of em handy by. But I never hearn of drawing out a fellers .ulo.od to bring liim to life, when he's as far dead as that b°,:ii should like to try,' said Lucy, hesitatingly, her con fidence in herself wavering, as this cold water was thrown upon it. ..... The leeches were brought; great repulsive-looking "things, fresh irom a neighbouring pond. Lucy, had not time, or rather she would not let herself have time, to feel disgvust, as she applied, with a trembling; hand, one of them to Arthur's temple. In a few minutes the greedy creature had so far done its work that Arthur s eyes slow ly opeued, and his lips murmured the word * Horace. ^ 4 He's not hurt/ said Lucy, instantly comprehending the anxiety the words expressed. ' Nobody is hurt but yourself, and you are getting better/ * Here's the doctor at last,' said one of the men, in a relieved tone. 'Though it's my opinion that girls as good, any day.' ^ _ _ The doctor examined Arthur carefully, encouraged the flovyAof blood, called for ice, and turned everybody, save LuCy, ont of the room. . ' flow's that young one in there?' he asked, indicating with his thumb the direction he wished to desig nate, ' Very well, I -believe/ she answered. Oh, why can t he tell me how much Arthur is hurt ?' she thought. ' Who put on that leech T asked the.docior. . ." 'I did, sir. Was it rightT j i First-rate/ he answered. c What time did you get.up this morning?' I didn't go to bed at all last night, sir.' 'No, I thought you didn't. And you stand, looking like a ghost. Now, do you go and lie down; I'll stay with . the boy. I shall apply the ice when the blood has flowed a little longer, and shan't need any help/ ' I can't go till I.know how much he's hurt, said she, gathering courage from her very fears. * Then you won't go this day/ he answered. How can 1 tell how much he's hurtf " ' Bo you think any of his bones .are broken r she ask ed. - . ,. * No, they're not,' said-Arthur; once more opening nis eves. . ~ ' That's right, my fine ;ellow» said the doctor. And now, Hiss Lucj', off with 3'ou.' . Lucy went, for she knew not how her mother had. fared ? all this time. She found Rebecca engaged in a sharp conflict with Horace, whom she was vainly trying to get to sleep. . ' ' Give him a great piece of gingerbread, said .Lucy, hurrying an to her mother's room. And between eating his gingerbread, and hugging it up, and- calling'it 3ns horse, Horace soon fell asleep, and there was a lull in the tempest for two hours. -. * t*jn thankful you've come, dea, said her mother, as Lucy entered ; 'the baby keeps crying, and I thought I heard a great talking and running, ; and began to think something had happened. But I'm always too anx ious.' , . T < I was busy, or I would have come sooner, said Lucy. She dared not trust herself to say anything more, but went on quietly to m*a)te both mother and child more comfortable. As soon as possible, she went in pursuit of Hatty; who had not been seen since Arthur had been brought in. _ , , ., ' I shouldn't wonder if she has gone for father, said , Tom. * May t get up now t . I Lucy looked at him, not understanding the ques tion. ( , ' You told me to stay and watch mother, said Torn 'and I've been sitting here ever since.' ' You are a dear, good hoy/ cried Lucy, stopping to kiss- the round cheek that blushed at these words of Pr'?mean always to be a good boy after this,' he said. Lucy now stole into Arthur s room. The doctor was preparing to go. He gave Lucy_a few directions-; pro mised to look in again towards night, and went nis way. Lucy longed to sit down by Arthur's side, and tell him how she loved him, and how it had olmost ^ broken her., heart to see him lie there so lifeless and motionless ; and how she was sure it would quite bresk if he should be very sick, and-but no, she could not think of that. a»c doctor had, above all things, directed quiet lor Arthur, and she would not indulge herself with a word. She only knelt down and kissed the dear, pale face, and then went to choose, from among the children, one to sitra the sick-room. Hatty had come in after a fruitless_ search for her father, and begged hard to be allowed this -prm ^ I am afraid you'll talk,' said Lucy. . " ' * Noj I won't; I won't speak a word; 111 sit just so. *J<Hatty tried to compose her face as_ Lucy looked at hei, but it would not do. She burst out into hysterical weep ing, all the more violent from long suppression. ' You're all tired out, poor child,' said Lucy ; and she ] led her upstairs and made her lie down, when she soon cried herself to sleep. , Everything seemed to fail Lucy. Her father could not be lound ; Hatty was laid up, useless ; lusr mother helpless in bed ; she felt herself needed everywhere at once TJ?e little boys reminded her, too, that there had been'no. dinner cooked, and that father would be hungry when he came in; . ' I wish I could think so, she said, and told Tom that he had been so very good, she must let lum go and sit by . Arthur a little while. Tom was more than thankful; he came and threw his arms around her, and almost choked her with embraces. . ' Mother,' said she, looking pleasantly in at the door j of the bed-room,after Tom had gone, 'you caut think ; how pw)d the children are-Tom especially.' ] * That comforts me,' returned her mother. I was j afraid they would be troublesome. As for Tom, nobody has appeared to appreciate him. He wants encourage ment, poor boy.' . } Air. Grpnt now came m to dinner. He had been at a i distance from the house all the morniug and had not heard of tile accident. _ 1 He went isi to look at the baby a minute, and to speak 1 a few kind words to his wife. , * The children areas good and quiet as possible; she. said, in answer to his question, ' and I .can't help thinking as I lie here, how thankful we ought to be that we have such comfort in them.; As foi this baby, I'm sure we've never had so fine a child befoie. I shouldn't wonder if he proved the staff of our old age.' Grave as he always was, and unused to mirth, Mr. Grant was moved by this speech to a peal of laughter that called every child within hearing to the door of the bedroom.. ' The idea af discovering signs of a brilliant, intellect in a creature not twenty-four hours old 1 Ob, you mothers ! Your last baby is always a wonder !' he cried. Mrs. GniiJt laughed too, and looked foudly down upon the smail head upon her arms. * You'll see I am right this time,' she said. Poor Lucy, unused as she was to seeing her father in anything like a joyous mood, dreaded disturbing him now with the news of Arthur. Yet she knew he would miss the dear hoy from the table, and that there would be no use in delaying the intelligence. She took him aside, therefore, and told it as gently as she could. The old care-worn expression that for a moment ha j1 beeii gone from his face came back and settled itself down again like a great cloud. But he said not a word, and -went straight to Arthur's side. t.ucy watcbed him as he stood therepsSo as her eye me accustomed to the darkness, she" perceived that H. ty occupied a seat in a distant corner, where she was crj g quietly. '. thought you were upstairs and asleep,' she whisper ed. 'I d sleep a little while,' said Hatty," but I had such aterr le dream ; it woke me up, and I came down." The i fathernow drew Lucy from the room. * Gi\ 2 the child-en their dinner,' he said ?: ' don't .wait for nic.' " Oil, father, dutrytoeata little,* said Lucy, just to _i~]s;' us.* " J am going to see lir. White, and see what he thinics of Arthur/ he answered. * But he will be coming in soon,' urged Lucy, 'and it is getting late, and you were up all night. D«, dear father !' He let her. lead him to the table, and as he sat opposhe her, he observed for the first time hfiw pale, she looKeiL ' I don't icnow what will become of you,' he said. * You IOOK already worn out' ' Oh, 110, father. I was only : frightened at first, Ar thur looKed so very pale. I thought once he was dead. And mother being sicK, and you not at home ' She put a leech on Arthur, her own self,' said Tom. * A leech !' said her father; ' who told you to do that? ' Nobody, father, but I thought 1 must do something.; and it seemed to me I had read it somewhere that ought to be done.* ' Everything comes at once,' he answered desponding ly. ' Oil, Iwas thin King what a mercy it wasn't haying time !' said Lucy. And now she had the comfort of see ing him smile. When the doctor came at night, he seemed not quite pleased with Arthur's appearance, Lucy thought. ' Have you all been running in and out, crying and talKing to him X he asKed. Lucy assured him the room had been quiet. ' What are the plans for the night ?' he continued. ' Lucy must not be up, at all events,' said her father. ' By no means,' said the doctor. * I was going to say that one of the young men who so unfortunately ran over Arthur has been anxiously inquiring about him ; and he proposes spending the night by his side. He has been used to sicicness : and, in fact, would suit me better than any stupid woman you could call ill; this night, at least.' Dr. White always had things in his own way; -and though not one of she family liKed to relinquish the care of Arthur to a stranger, no one dared object In deed, it was necessary they all should have rest. Lucy had learned, from her mother's example, not to tease a physician with questions. But she Knew Dr. White well, and felt sure, from his manner, that he was anxious about Arthur. He always assumed a jocose, careless tone when his feelings were stirred; and Arthur had been his favourite for years. As he left the room with her father, her heart sanic within her. "Venturing to taiceone of Arthur's hands gently in her own, she was startled to find it hot and dry ! and amid the daricness of the room, she fancied she could detect an unnatural glow upon his cheeK. The tears fell upon the hand she held, but Arthur did not heed them, orin-any way notice her. She thought if he would speaK to her once more, and say he loved her, she could lie right down and die with ioy. But as for years she had had no time for dreams so she had now no time for grief; but, taxing the great ?weight with her ivkerever she went, she returned to the family. She found Rebecca patiently submitting to the caprices of Horace, who had made up his mind not to go to bed until Lucy came to undress him. Sljf toolthim, send ing Rebecca to taice Hatty's place in the sicKroom, and sat down with him in a low chair, when he willingly yield ed himself to her pleasure. 'Has Horace had his supper f he asiced. ' No, no, said the child. 'Why, he's hadalotofsupper," said Tom. * I saw Re becca give it to him with my own eyes.* Hes so sleepy he doesn,t Know 'what he,s saying, said Luc3', and she drew hiroujJ tenderly in her arms and ear ned him for agood-night Kiss to' his mother. In a sleepy voice he repeated to her as he'glanced down at the baby by her side: - I big boy now . Lucy tooK him up to her own little room, and made him comfortable in bed. She wasjn the habit of singing him to sleep, for he was still only a baby, his own opinion to the contrary notwithstanding. But now, when she began to sing her voice trembled, and was choKod with years. This won't do, she said to herself; and rising up from the bed where she had thrown herself by the side of Horace, she clenched her handsalmostfiercely together, ahd forced bacK her tears with a resolution that never failed when demanded. And after this, stir as they might in her fceartj there were no tears in her eyes. Horace was soon soothed into sleep by the hymn she now calmly sang to him, aai then she went down to get tea ready, forit was quite late. She found Dr. White had not. gone; he had been paying Arthur another i^sit, and had promised to stay to tea, . I haven,t heard yet how this accidenthappened, said Mr Grant. . Why, Arthur was going up the road with one of the fam ily in a basKet on a sled;-Miss Hatty, I suppose, said the doctor, mischievously, and two young men, strangers here, came behind in a sleigh, and their horses, taiting fright at the basKfet and its contents, became unmanageable. Arthur had time to hurry out of the way himself, but one of the children stood stupidly still, rightinthe way of the horses, Arthur flew bacK and caught the child, but was somehow KnocKed down himself. They were silly horses, said Tom; I wasn,t afraid of the basket a bit. The doctor laughed. Your mind isn't in a very lively state to-night, said he. I guess it wants to go to bed. No, itdoesn,t, said Tom.- Iain,t agoing to bed at all to-night, I,m going to sit up and taKe care of Arthur, Dr. White laughed; again; Lucy wished he wouldn't -; and she hurried Tom, fnervously, offto |get wood Jforfthe fire. , This long day came to an end at last The children were all in bed ; tier mother made comfortable for the night and lier father went with Lucy to take a last loox at Ac-, thur. The youug man who Jiad offered his services for the night sat by the bed-side, and a single sentence trom his lips assured them that the dear boy was in good hands. Such a voice comes from a Kind, heart, whispered Mr. Grant, as he bade Liicy good night. We may feel easy, I thini. And now, darling, do try to get some sleep. And poor Lucy wentup to herroom silently, and pray ed: but did not sleep. 