of % Jlmes. THE LITTLE DIGGEES. By Donald Cameron. Author of ' Soripopolls,' &o.; ( Concluded from Supplement 83.) Over two years have elapsed since wo left the littlo diggers in tho chargo of Jack the Blowor. Vast changes have taken place in Sandy Creek. Tho alluvial olaims havo all been worked out, and population has departed to such an extent that tho onco populous field is almost deserted. Thero is little indeed to ho seen except the mounds of tho departed diggers, and the marks of their vanished camp. Those who remain seem to vegetate rather than live. Many of the old identities, however, remain. Mrs. Gumbles still keeps tho Miners' Arms, hut customers having do parted, sho has taken to drink her own liquor, and is in a fair way to soon find her way to tbo lunatic asylum or tho grave. Mr. Grahall is still on tho creek, but is contemplating going to Sydney in order to start a money-lending establishment, for the good man is very ?wealthy. So is Mrs. M'Grudgo, and she is thinking of moving to Sydney or Melbourne, where she intends to open a boarding-house. She has now plenty of time to read tho biblo and other good books, and to reflect upon the end of all Binners, except hor own. Hard as ever — many a hungry - and weary man she has turned away, refusing trust to nil. Sad it was for tho remnant of the Sandy Creek diggers that their two storekeepers had effectually killed trust. The sun was setting in the west, irradiat ing the world in a. golden glory, when two horsemen drew rein at tbe front of tbe MinerB' Arms, to the astonishment of two or. three ' loungers, and Mrs. Gumbles, who . was at . that moment comforting herself with an extra soothener. Tbe good lady was so flustered that she npset one half of it, The arrivals were a noble looking old gentleman with hair white as the snow, and a smart-looking,' handsome young fellow. They asked Mrs. Gumbles if she could accommodate them for the night, and, of couree, tbe reply was a glad assent, for she had not bad an inmate for an age. While the gentlemen sat in the best room — 1 now very faded and beer-stained — two of the loungers got their horses to the stables, and'Mrs. Gumbles and her servant, a red haired daughter of Erin, bustled abont to get something ready for dinner. Mrs. M'Grndge was astounded to receive a large order from her neighbour, and began to won der whether buaiooaa would not, after all, look up. The arrival of the strangers soon was the sole topio. For some time Sandy Creek had rumours that some specula tive-persons were going to try the rannea for the quartz-veins whioh had fed tbe allnvial, and everyone set the travellers down as the advance guard of the army of speculators who were to find the reef and reBtore the prosperity of the plaoe. In oon Bequenoe of this there waa muoh joy and congratulation. _ After dinner, and when the moon had risen and was silvering natnre, the landlady was summoned to the beBt room. ' Mrs. Gumbles,' said the elder of the two gentlemen, after that lady had at his request taken a seat, ' we have asked you in because we want to make Bome inquiries about some persons in whom we are interested. You knew Mr. Harry Bawson ?' ' Indeed, I did air,' replied Mrs. Grumbles, getting out her handkerohief ; ' him as was killedjby tbe falling in of tbe elaim. I never oould'forget bim ; suoh a fine man, and' so free with his money — when he had any. If you're a friend of his, don't pay anything on hiB acoount to that old rasoal, Graball. He'll be sure to ask you. He's an old miser, tbat'B what he is.' : : A shadow rested upon the old gentleman's faoe . as be heard tbe woman speak, and he appeared to repress a sigh. ' We'know,' he said, after a while, ' that Mr. Bavson was killed, bnt what we are here for is to ascertain what became of his wife and children.' ' His wife, sir, poor creature, dieg -jome time btfore he was killed, . which was a Woasinij for her, poor dear soul. Sbe was a good woman, though Mother M'Grndge — ' 'Well, well,' said ber interlocutor sharply, '.never mind that. What beoame of the ohildrenf'? . He ^as strongly agitated now, and his breast heaved with emotion. ' Ths children, sir,' said Mrs. Gumbles, upon whom a light began to dawn, and hope of profit was prompting., ' O, sir, they're all riglit. I've been very kind to them, but Mrs. M'Grudge and Graball refused 'em trust , ever ana over again. That Mother M'Grulgo — ' ' Wiere are they?' oried the old gentle man, inpatiently; ' Hare, sir,' replied Mrs. Gumblos. ' Mj God !' cried hor questioner, starting from. Us seat, 'Harry's children here — in this hoise. Send for them at onoe — ' ' Mf dear sir,' said his companion, ' ' calm yourBei.' 'I 'cannot — I cannot,' exclaimed the other. ]' Quiok, woman, quick, and send them't) me — ' ' They ain't in this house,' said Mrs. Gumblas, in some confusion. ' They're at Jaok,tio Blower's plaoe, and he's—' She. |was interrupted by the sudden ap-' pearanso of her rod-haired handmaiden, whose lsually carmine face was white as the' lily. -j 'Bridget,' cried Mrs. Gumbles, rising up, ' ndiat's the matter ? Has the till been robbedP' .. ?' Nc, ma'am,' replied Bridget, forgetting just th|n that it would have heen necessary to put, tome money in the till before it could be rotted, ' but Jack tho Blower's here, an' he look like a ghost, and cries out about the ohildrei — ' ' Wiere iB he?' oried the old gentleman, who wis in a 8 to to of . feverish excitement.) .' He;lis this ohildren.' ? 'Lcjd 1' exclaimed Mrs. Gumbles, ' how could jiok get up; he's not left his bed for three rjontha.' / . ' Tte ohildren, the children,' was nttered - in a seralohral voice, and Jack tottered into the roan, a fearful objeot. HJb face waa that of a cojpse, his form a skeleton. A wild ex oitemejt was evident in his face and eyes. He fel into a chair, and ro\l--d his eyeB abont lke a maniito. \ ' Tl?y haven't oome home to-nigbt there'BBometbing wrong,' he cried. 'Ob I Mrs. Comblea, get the' men f.o Bearoh for them..] I don't know wherq^ they're work ing.' ? 1 / \- :' Ml good man,' said the old gentleman, approahing ? Jaok, 'I have come for those ohildre. Don't alaijm yourself— they will no dotbt be all right.'/ , ' Ych've come fo* them 1' said Jaok, be vilderdlv. ' And who are you who want my darlinw?' I ? ' . ? ' I an the father of Harry B»wson.' : ?! Grit God !' dried Jaok, ' and so you've come ajlaat to help the little ones,' to make ?em ge tlefolks-fas I Sold 'em yon would. Ob; sir that almost oures me of my illness— it'wonll oure ijfae if death, hadn't clawed me long ap. I feel I'm going, and perhapB be fore vol flfmr'oh for them I'd better tell you all I kiow; for fear I wouldn't live lonq. I feel M© .done wrong in getting up, but I wonldnave gone mad. if I'd stopped in .bod. longeiwhen they didn't return.' ,'l]!ong to hear your Btory,' said Mr. Bawsci. ' Go op with it.' . U v. 'It isn't a lonff ono, fir,' Raid .Tnclr, speaking very feebly. ' Whon poor Hurry was killed they wanted to send the chil dren to the Industrial Schools, among tho wiokedest little creatures in tho colony, an' no one here offered to adopt them. Well, sir, Harry'd been kind to me, and so bad bis wifo. the angel, and though before then I was only a luafer and a drunkard, I mado up my mind to take care of the chil dren, and to become a new man. It was hard work, sir, but with the help\of'G.od and the little ones — who would be wicked in the company of that little saint, Jessie? — I succeeded. I'd never worked for years before, hut I took to it quite natural an' liked it. The children helped wonderful. Harry got a job driving a whim horse, and Jessie, though she was a tiny thing, was a regular old woman at housekeeping. Oh, tho winning^ways and little arts of that girl. Bat, sir, my resolution came too late. I'd destroyed my constitution, and given a mortgage to death, an' though I struggled on for a long time, and fought against it, I'd at last tojlio down and wait for a release, an' it happened when everything had gone to the bad, when there was no work to get. We'd have starved, Bir, and I'd died like a jrat in a , hole, for these good people on Sandy Creek wouldn't trust us with a loaf of bread, only for the pluok of them little ones.- They went off to work an' washed the tailings, Jessie cradling an' Harry getting the stuff ; and when the tailings wouldn't pay they began digging here an' there, where, little bits of good ground had been left, and so, sir, they kept ns all, but it broke my heart to think of it. Lately they've been very un lucky, but- Harry said to-day that he thought they'd try the banks of the oreek, where some washdirt might be fonnd. It's that that troubles me. The bank might have fallen upon them.' 'God forbid 1'! oried Mr. Bawson, with terror in bis tone. ' We will searoh for them at onoe. Keep up your heart, my good, kind fellow. You and the ohildren will be well provided for hereafter. . Perhaps yon are ourious to'know how I camo to trace. Harry. Perhaps you don't- know it, but Harry made a match, whioh I thought, ' short sighted man I was, to be beneath him, and a bitter feeling arose between us. I waa hard, he was independent, and he left England swearing never to see me again until he was independent. I have never bad a happy day sinoe. He waa my darling, my only sen'— here the old gentleman's . voioe faltered and bright drops stood in his eyes — ' and God forgive me my for hardnesB ot heart. At last my yearning for my son oould not be restrained and I advertised for him, without effeot. I then communioated with lawyers in Sydney, and the firm with whioh this gentleman is conneoted ' — he pointed to his companion — ' found out the particulars and sent me home the heavy' news that my boy was Cdead. The intelligence brought me nearly to the brink oi the grave, and when I recovered I at once set out for Sydney to searoh for the wife and ohildren. I mean now to atone for my sin by making them as happy aB'I' desired the father to be. Mrs. Gambles,' (he continued, addressing that worthy woman, 'at onoe get some men to go with us to eearoh for the poor little things.' ' All right, sir,' waB the reply, and in a few minntes tbe search party, composed of every inhabitant, started with Mr. Bawson at the head. Toe night was one of those lovely evenings so peouliar to Australia. The air was cool and balmy, tbe perfume of the early flowers was wafted on every gentle sigh of the win d, and the moon Bhone in a deepblne sky, irradiating tbe_ world with a riob, mellow, silvery light, whioh cast a glamour over scenery that would have looked dull and uninteresting by day. Everyone knew the spot where the Little Diggers were at work that day. The banks of the creek had been mined over and over again except in thiB place, whioh had always been thought too poor', d^ie whole company came to a stand still, and a nameless horror settled upon them when they saw that, at a | particular place, the bank had fallen in!' I ' They are buried, sir,' said one of the' men to Mr. Bawson. ''?-Be gave a wild cry, and wonld have fallen but .lawyer's help. Then, rousing himBelf, he orieefc. 'No, no, God is tod^'UBt to allow it. No, no, it ib not, it cannot be'-'f o lato. Dig, men, dig, they are yet alive, 'it - thousand pounds to the man who brings tfesi out alivel Hurry I Hurry I' The diggers had never thought of bringing I spades with them, therefore there, was some I delay before work was begun. Mr. Bawson. in a state of terrible exoitement, rushed about and encouraged tbe men to exert themBelves with liberal promises' of money. It was a soene that rivalled that which had occurred some years ago. ' ' 'I knew it, I knew* it,'.' cried Jack, who suddenly appeared in- the midst of the orowd, looking a speotre ; 'they're dead, they'rei dead.' He caught a sight of tho unprepossessing features of Mr. Graball and Mtb. M'Grudge, and bis face lit up with a terrible fire. ' Your'e here, are you,' he hissed. ' Of course it's right for you to see your work. You could havo helped these poor creatures when I took ill, you could have got work for Harry, but you wouldn't, you devils. You've got money, have you, heaps of gold, but it won't do you any good; it will sink your souls to hell, to the bottom of the bottomless pit !'' ' Tho Lord forgive the poor man,' Baid Mrs. M'Grudge, raising her eyeB up to Heaven ; ' I always loved the bairns, but I waa too poor to help them.' 'It's a lie, you old hag,' cried Jack. 'He'B mad, poor fellow,' said Mr. Graball, 'maid as a hatter. I'm sure I did my best for them.' 'Yes,' oried Jaok, 'you' sold all their father's goods, you miserly wretoh.' ' Hush 1' ' They are here I' 'Alive, alive!' cried Mr. Rawson, rush ing forward. The crowd drew baok respectfully, and Mr. Rawsnn and Jaok went to the front. vWhat a sight they beheld. Embraced in each other's arms Harry and Jessie Rawson lay in the mponlight still in death, a sweet smile on their lovely features, as if whon the Great Conqueror came, their angel mother had appeared, before them. Better thus, perhaps, than to live on in this cold, heartless world, to be tainted with sin, to experionoo misery, to be Boiled and torn in tho . great Btruggle for existence. They had gono to rest before tho battle had begun. ' Dead I Dead 1' oried Jaok, looking at them as they lay thero like two sleeping angels. ' Gone before the old man. But not long— not long.'. No, indeed; not long. Tho exoitement whioh had borne him up died out, nnd with it his spirit also left tho v?orn-out body. God bo merciful to hind ! The cemetery at Sandy Crook is no w almost untraceable. Wattlo and gum-trees have grown up rapidly and hiddon the few graves which wero there. But thoro is ouo part whioh' is securoly railod in with iron, and kept scrupulously clean and neat. 'Within this onolpsuro are five graves. At the head of tho central grayo rises a splendid granite oolumn, tho head broken off— symbol of tho untimely doath of thoso whoso remainB lie beneath. On the blook of granite which ?c : '? ' . \ :: I snpports this column is the following inscrip tion: Sacred to me Memory Of Harry Rawson, Who was killed by tbe falling in of a claim at Sandy Oreek, on November 8th, 1865. . Jessie Bawson, his Wife, Wbo'died on the 6th January, 1863, And their Children, ' Harry and Jessie, Who were smothered by a fall of earth on the 6th of January, 1808. Also, John Fieldhodbe, Who adopted the ohildren after their parents' ' death, who died of grief at their Iosb on tho same date. ? ' The ways of God are insorutable.' There is no Sandy Creek settlement now. The trees flourish vigorouly where onoe: a multitude lived aud toiled; the kangaroo and wallaby havo made their homo there. Mrs. GumbleB drank hersolf to death a few months after the occurrence of the above events. Mr. Graball is a prominent Sydney merohant, and la in great repute ; while Mrs. M'Grudge lives in retirement iu a fashionable Mel bourne suburb, the principal Presbyterian ohuroh of whioh she ia a pillar. Mr. Baw son has long sinoe departed to that world where he will meet bis son and daughter and . j the Little Diggers. 