) 'OtrR.'. AMATEUR THi3ATRi;CACS AT" ) B00L0U(3-. Ilcjcstn (it scar.t who necerfclt a wound — Eo.meo. i One of the mo.st awful i-ecollections Mr. Banbury Cross, / of Boolon.g, h.ad of his youthful days, he used to declare, .) was when he m.ado his fli'sl; and only aiipearaiice as Jan \ cactor at a private amateur theatrical outertaiuineiit .atliis \ own house ill Booloiig. He,- for .some unknown rea.sun, nad f conceived that he was born to be an .actor — to tre.ad the ( bo.ai-ds like the great Gan-ick and the elder Keaii — but it ) w.as, foolish notion, .soon knocked out of his head after bis ) peculiar dehut. On finding the Idclbourne and Sydney \ managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with ble.aring ( red b.air, aiid a turn-up nose, an appearance in "Jl.aralct" .at any of their several tbcatrcs,. be resolved to "take the r bull by (be liorns" .and get up a comp.any of bi.s own down ) at bis.placc at Boolong, He went to enormous expcn.se \ in building a small -tbeatre, purchasing wardrobe, having \ scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to do the C thing well and in, tip-top style. He got together, a kind ( of Scratch;, comqiaiiy, many oE them iikebimselC, raw am- " ( bitibus am.ateurs, ofiger..." to Let their h-our . upon the y sbage;-' and one or two sec D' outcasts of the profession: \ and lib looked 'forward to the prblnction oC bis pet play, y " Hamlef," himself ds the Prince, with mucli e.xcitement, ( not ujialioyed with pleasure.. The .amateurs, .after .about a ) mqn til's iconstant reliearsal, were- pretty perfect in their \ wo'rds'.liefbre the cnrtain weut iip, but after it did most of them To ''K.bt them. The scenery bitched; the Ghost was ) iutpxicalcd, and the Abty likewise an amateur, \ burst into a nervolis -fit of" tears- before she said a dozen r lines. Banbury :was roared, at by the, local pcrson.ages wlio ) assembled to asSi.st at the aniatcnr pcrforinaiicc. But this j k w.as not the worstl'for BanbiivyTbnrid- tliat when the bills ! ( came iu. theexpebse was. twice aSjlargc .as'he had e.xpectcd, i ) and he coukl iibt meet them. " The fellows," he u.sed to say, ! " allo>vedrme,to have whatever I w.antcd on credit, because i ' they knew. that. niy, rich uncle in Adel.diile, a strict Method- | ) i.st,' would 'pay Tbcui, bnti kncwver3'' well he would do no j . such thing when he-foi-ihd the"- were for theatrical trap- I pings,' for if- there wa? one thing he held in abhorreuce it j ) was the theatre.'' . AVhat jvas. he to' do ? His uncle would disinherit hiih, turn iiiin but of the house he had furnished ! for him, and semi hi nl a-.lr'ft ,bn the. world;. AYliat was he I to do? His.creditpbs wonl.il iibt wait and' he woald.be a miserable. paiiper. 'But for -'all this be did . not lose his ' house, and .liis.pqor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his ) ila'nie,- thanks to the timely aid of one who iv a frloiid to the dravM as well, as tu.tlu; rost. of the world, who advanced ' ' him the necclfai.' Need we saj"; his name. /No; .all know ! ) him I Btit We maj' as well .remark it was the cluimpioii of the (list ressodi ' - ' " DAVID HENEY, bf-o2 Collins street e.ast, i Who ibas' from , to' £ ' 0,000'',to lend' on not es.of band, bills ) of .s.ale (with. ,or iyitbnut. security), ,s.al.ary .orders, life policies. Certificates, 'deeds, bill'- of lading, legacies, goods, ) merchandise, on expected remittances, oi- on moneys per- ' 3 sons, may be entitled' to from England .and elscsvbere, etc., ;j repaj'able to suit the: coil venience''of' borrower.s. ) , , Bills: discounted daily at the lowest r.ato of interest, and \ mortgages from G per cent. 