i THE ELECTIONS. McfWTH. Groom, linvcuport, PcrltliiN, O'Hulllvitn send Kellet, at tlie lloyal Am MCiutly IKooius. On Wednesday eveniug the above named gentlemen nddre«Ml their several consti tuents at. the Roynl Assembly Booms. The meeting was the largest ever held in Too- woorabn, the rooms being entirely filled to the doors. The chair was taken by the Mayor, who introduced the candidates and risked for caeh a i air ano . lnp.iri im iieannir. Mr. W. II, Giuiom and Mr. G. IT. Daven port, addressed the meeting at some length, and were listened to with much attention nnd frequent hearty npplnusc. As, however, the election for Drayton and Toowoomba took place yesterday the necessity for the publication of their remarks docs not now exist. Mr. Perkins who was received with hearty cheers, said, that when it was nrranged to meet that portion of the electors of Anbigny resident, in Toowoomba, he had no idea he would meet such n targe audience. It was a pity the Qucen-stecct men were not there to see bow Toowoumhn could interest itself in a right direction. He was happy to meet the other caudidatcs and address the sarao meet ing with them. He could not, however, pro mise them everything, but if returned would work os bard for Toowoomba as he bad pre viously dime. Their late member Mr. Groom, nnd himself bad helped each other in the past a; he ho|>ed they would in the future. Ho was now called upon to give au occouut of him-rclf at such meetings as that. They were called for the purpose. Ho had had five such meetings, nt all of which be had hail votes of cotifideuce in him passed unani mously. If therefore he could judge from 'these circumstances his past con- duet had met with their approval and they would honor them with their confi dence. ' He had stated his views fully at previous meetings And they lind been re ported in the Press : he would therefore not go over them again. He had, however, an account to settle wit ii regard to the Hon. John Douglas, himself (Mr. Perkins) and the meeting, and if it could be proved that he had noted in au ungcntlomnnly way he had no right to come forward for Aubigny, and they had no business to support him. In the first place he had been in Australia since 1854 ; ?ad been engaged in business, and had luut transactions of many kinds among various people, but ho hud never been told that he was a liar. If Mr. Douglas hud shown that he had done wrong he would have made an ample njiology as all men were subject to the making of mistakes, amino one would be more ready than himself to acknowledge an crrur. He" fouud, however, on careful inquiry that the statement ho made at bis meeting nt Mcringaiidan was substantially correct, and that he had made no mistake. Mr. Perkins here read the correspondence which had taken place between Mr. Douglas and himself. The statement that he (Mr. Pcrkius) had made, and to which Mr. Douglas took excep tion was, that the Ministry had, from time to time, invited certain members of the Opposi tion to join them. The correspondence had been handed over to the Courier, and the editor of that paper had, in the issue of November 11th, been pleased to indulge in severe strictures on the conduct of his fnend, Mr. Groom, nnd himself, in reference to their speeches at the present election crisis. lie read the article in question, nnd commented severely upon it. As to his statement, he knew it to be correct. Ho had been to Bris bane nnd had made special enquiry. He know it as well as they knew the sun would rise to- morrow, or that the Prince Consort is dead, cr any event of which there could be no possible doubt. If Mr. Douglns himself did not do it, it was dono by his authority, and with his knowlcdgo. He (Mr. Perkins) knew who did and it, who the people were who were tampered with, and he repeated again most emphatically that every time the Ministry bnd an opportunity, they went to some member of the Opposition. It was very plain nnd thoroughly well-known. With regard to the articlo in the Courier where it is said that " veracity should count " lie joined issue with the writer. He would put his veracity against that of Mr. Douglns. If he kail spoken an untruth ho would retire. During tbc twenty -two years he had resided in Australia his word hud never been doubted, and those who know him, and what ho had done for Australia, would value his word as nnu-U as that of Mr. Douglas. He, therefore, would hurl buck the lie with nil the vehemence nt his command, and with all the energy of his nature. Perhaps, of all 1 others, no one knew better than tbc editor of the Courier, the right and the wrong of the matter nt issue. It would not take much to make him believe that Mr. Douglas himself had written the nrticlc iu question. The Courier wan always ready to kotow to power. This would not be tbc first time tbat Mr. DouglasnnUtbccxccu- tive had hnd to do with the press. He would, however, place bis character against that of the Editor of the Courier . He did not know whether ho was a "fighting Editor " or not, but he could have as much as he liked out of him. lie (Mr. Perkins) had a great respect for the press, no one more so, but he stated, without fear of contradiction, tbat the Courier was the greatest shuffler in Queensland and that for the last eight or ten months, it had hnd a most miserable existence, not knowing which sido to espouse, bccnuso -they could not ascertain which party would tie the winner. He would therefore hurl bock ike slander— it was a base falsehood on the part of Mr. Douglas, backed up by the Editor of tho Courier, while nt the same tiine, no one knew the real truth better than the Premier and the Courier. For a whole session he (Mr. Perkins) had supported the Douglas Ministry. When ho returned from Melbourne lie found the Queen- street Cabals, many of them of tho white tic order and of n pious turn of mind, but nil talking against Mr. Douglas mid wanting to get rid of him. lie did what ho could do to aid hint and allay the trouble. His friend nnd colleague, Mr. Groom, had supported him ns long as l:c could, but lio (Mr. Doug las) was always shifting and not to be relied upon. When he reflected upon the dictation of the Opposition being calmly submitted to, anu the action of the Government iu relation to tho opening of the lauds at Jimbour and on the Coudamino he thought it quite time to chalk out a new pnth for himself, and for this he had bccii denounced by a man like Mr. Douglas, who was wandering about, and had come to Too woomba to endeavor to upset his election. Mr. Perkins then dwelt upon the public works policy, shotting the disastrous conse quences to the country should tho public works be stopped in June. He then referred to tho term " Liberal,'1 as applied to the Douglas' Ministry, nud showed it to be a misnomer— that if they were liberal it was to the 6qunttcrs, as proved by their actions— tbat they had no financial policy, but accepted the one dic tated to them by Mr. Mcllwralth, and which they had thiovcxl— tbat they were a divided family, and the sooner they were out of office the better. Mr. Perkins then enumerated his rlowB on the land question, and the best way to settle the people upon it, and passed on to draw a comparison between himself and bis opponent. Ho had no personal quarrel with Sir. Walker, but tkonght ho should show either that he (Mr. Perkins) liad failed in sorving them in the post, or that he could better represent them in the future. It was a difficult task that a member had toper- form. He behoved tbat had a man the mighty genius of a Disraeli or a Gladstone there would be pcoplo who would express dissatisfaction with him. He could say however, thut he hod douo his best, and, he bad often been ashamed of asking at tbc different offices in behalf of bis constituents. He pointed out thnt the interests of Aubigny and Toowoomba were Identical, and that, if returned, he would work cordially for tho two electorates. If they thought Mr. Walker a better man thnn himself, then, in the nntnc of goodness let them vote for him, but if tbey were of opinion' that he (Mr. Perkins) hail served them faithfully, and would do it again, then he would dc|>eud upoti their, support on tho day of polling. Mr. Perkins coucludcd a long nnd excellent speech amid loud applause from every part of the meeting. Mr. O'Sullivan, one of the candidates for Stanley, came forward and was received with loud cheers. He said that nfler the glowing speeches which hnd been delivered lie felt diffident in addressing them. It h;ul bscn published that he and Mr. Kellett would address the electors of Stanley resident in Toowoomba, but be hnd no idea lie would have to meet so lnrgo nn nudiencc. Whatever doubts he might have hnd with regard to the Toowoomba election, mid the fate of its long tried mcml>cr, Mr. Groom, he hnd none now. He had knocked about in the world n good deal, nnd know when men were in earnest. It was when tbey wcte calm and collected like they were then. He cottld also appreciate kindneis, nud he than :cd them for their reception. JIc did not think it nt nil necessary to nddrcss tjietn nt any length, as he believe' it was very well known that be agreed with the previous speakers, in politics. He would, therefore, let the new member who was to follow bim have au opportunity of spcakiog. Peoplo were always suspicious of new men, nnd verjr properly so, as there was no class of persons in tho world greater impostors than candidates for Parliament. When they were ret umcd they were not a week iu the As sembly before they were ganged nud . their temper nnd price known. Still suspicion had its limit, nud time was the ordeal by which members were kuown. It was doubt less a great honor to be a representative, but there were responsibilities also at tached to the oluco. They were often anxiously at work while their constituents were calmly sleeping. Wheu a member had served for a great number of years he de served thanks, because he had done his duty. As to their late member and pre-cut candi date for tboir suffrages he could bear testi mony to his great worth duriug a period of 10 years, Hchnd been an eye witness to thecou- duct of Mr. Groom in the House for all that time. He knew every action of bis life. He bad had differences of opiuiou with Iiitn, but wbat should wo be without them. Mr. Groom was a man worthy of a foemttn's steel, and the tiny that Toowoomba parted with bitn would be one to be bitterly regretted. How ever, he hod a serious fault to fiud with bim. It was always " Toowoomba I Toowoomba ! Toowoomba 1 ' He thought no place like Toowoomba. It reminded him of. tbc dispute between the Yorkshireinnn and tbc Irishman. There was no place like Yorkshire in tho estimation of the former, to which the latter agreed-— Darrin Kerry. There was a deficiency in the revenue, aud no wonder while Mr. Groom was getting so much for his constituency. If the late mem ber for Toowootnbn bad a fuult, it was on that account. If lie (Mr. O'Sullivau) were returned he must keep nn eye on him. As to the controversy between Mr. Perkins aud Mr. Douglas, tlie former gentleman bad hot blood in him. He (Mr. O'Sullivan) was uot soyoung as h6 was Aud uever got in a temper about politics. He was like tbc lady who put on her gloves when she went out, and took tbcm off when she came iu. As to the statement of Mr. Perkins, however, he would tell them all about it, and could support Mr. Pcrkius. The statement was as true as that to morrow's sun would sbine. H« believed the Ministry would have douu anything, oven to tho taking, in of a Kanaka, if it would have suited their purpose. Never since separation had there been such u rotten ministry. It was a sad state of 'things when poli tics wcro made a trade or a means of l'ving. Some matters had come to his knowledge which if true, the present men in power should be scouted from society, lie lind heard thai a certain character bad not been able to find the £20 deposit, nnd that it had been found -for, nnd accepted by hitu. Much had been said of Mr. Douglas as nn electioneering agcut, but that was not to be wondered at. As for liiiu«clf he was ou good terms with Sir. Douglas, who was a most gen tic- mualythun, but ho would nor support his poli tics. Mr Pcrkius bnd raised himself in his esti mation by confessing that he had supported the Douglns Ministry until ho could do so no longer; but, as for himself, he had not been " hud '' n month. When he saw tbo miserable land bill they brought in, he at once said he could not sit on tho same side of the House with such men for half-an-hour. That Laud Act of 1878 was full of penal clauses. That was quite natural, however, ns it was drawn by n naval lawyer. Mr. O Sullivan then gave ludicrous instances of gros3 ignoraufcc of geography and spelling on tbc part of certain Ministers of the crown, aud elicited much laughter and merriment. Hcthenpio- cccdcd to show that the Douglas -Ministry possesses nsmtich of thesquatting clemeutos tlie late Opposition, distinguishing each member by name. They were aware that the Ministry had formed a crusade and rigged up a camp on the law of dummying, and hnd selected Mr. Davcupoit- as a victim. The judges had decided that every farmer of forty acres was under tho samo law as Mr. Davenport,— thnt the lawreachedall ; 100 had had not received their certificates, nnd were consequently alarmed. When Mr. Macalistcr cameupthc matter was considered so serious thnttbey waited upon him, nndaskedhim what should be done. He replied that no small farmer should be interfered with. No one however knew what might happen, while this was held ' a political two-banded sword over the heads of the people, for electioneer ing purposes Then Mr. Davenport went in and obtained a victory. He had fought, not only bis own battles but theirs, and Queens land owed n debt of gratitude to him. He fully expected to sou thnt a public testimonial would have been presented to him on his return from England. If Mr. Davenport could do so much out of Parliament what could he do inl It was such men as he who were wanted— men of high principle, men who. could not be tampered with. Again, he thought the Miuistry should not bo confined to one city or town. Ho thought it should bo composed of mem bers of different constituencies. The Min isters of tbo Crown should be distributed. With respect to the termination of the pre sent Toowoomba election ho hod not the ghost of a fearastothc result. Mr. O'Sullivan thanked the meeting for his reception, and resumed his scat amidst loud and continued cheering. In answer to a question as to a land tax, Mr. O'Suilivnn stated his opinion that it would not be necessary if a proper system of retrenchment were adopted, aud proceeded to 6how this from tho experience of the past, where immense sums of money bnd been thrown awn", iustanciug more es pecially the Dry Dock, which had cost £120,000 and would be useless; the Groper dredge, wlifoh cost £25,000, with an additional sum of £5,000, nnd was not worth 5s., and tho rani-construction cf tho Warwick and Stan- thorpe railway, whereby, by taking it in a curve like n horse-shoe, instead of a straight a large sum had been wasted. He showed that ' if these amounts hnd been saved, the colony would be very much on the credit sido instead of the debit side. Mr. Kellett, on being introduced by the Chairman, was well received and listened to attentively. He said that he felt himself in a difficult position. He alluded to the trouble he had had in getting a polling place for Stanley at Toowoomba. He regretted thnt be was nn untried man; and that he could not point to his post conduct ns an earnest of the future. Iu his opinion the Land Laws were the stiuids-by of Queensland. It should be the endeavour of uew members to make good laws. The last' land bill was an abortion, brought in by a so-called Liberal party. It was a bye-wonl for every larrikin. Everyone knew thnt in order to produce good farming, good land was required. Fanners should have the eyes of the country, not stony ridges. Tlie auction system was calculated to put the Inwt lands into the hands of a few, and therefore was to be de precated. It was allowed on nil hands thnt population was lieccssgiy. but immigrants should Ire of the right kind. In order to procure thu best class of immigrants he would give away the land if necessary, pro vided that the necessary conditionsof residence nnd improvement were observed. If these conditions were observed he would give tbo deeds at tbc end of three years. He was told thnt it was necessary that it would bcndvi-ablc to tax the big fellows; but if tbey would take Victoria as ati instnnoc, and the endeavours of Mr. Berry in that direc tion, it would be found that iu taxing the large holders, it was impossible to ( exempt the small. As to Immigration Mr Kellet expressed his opinion that much money had been thrown away. Three millions and a quarter had been expended but all to very little good. Ship loads came out here, but where they came from, he was at a loss to know. When he was in Kugland people were willing to work, but those they were sending out now, roust be of a tliffcrerit breed. We wanted good men but not loafer, who expressed themselves as willing to do any thing, b»»t who were fouud by experience to be able to do uothing. He bcliered in as sisted immigation. People here should send for their friends, then they would take an interest in 'lie place and settle in it. He would redu ce the staff of London. As to railways there were great differences of opinion, and he had been amtnod in reading the different views on this subject of members of the same cabinet. Sir. Griffith having expressed himself In favor of the three trunk railways while Mr. Dickson was all in favor of branch lines. If the present parties had to cany them on he was of opinion that very little would be done, as there wan a great northern party combined with Queen-street. He .was pleased to think thnt gentlemen hero were prepared to fight in the interests of their constituencies. He reracmljcred Too woomba, or rather Drayton then, more than 15 years ago when Mr. Groom was then a candidate, and the great battle he had beeu waging iu tlie truly Liberal cause ever since. lio could truly say he was the most consistent and persistent member he ever knew.' He hnd stuck to the people of Toowoomba, and the people ought to stick to' him. He trusted he would be at the heal of the I toll, as it would be a disgrace to Too woomba if he were not so. Mr. Kellett then drew attention at some length to the intfin- sisteocy of Mr. Griffith in regard to dummicrs, showing how his position as Attorncy-Genenu audadvocateatlawcla-bed witlitho well-being of the State. He referred to the action tlrat' Mr. Davenport lind taken, and the example he hnd set to farmers, as well as his willingness . to impart to them the sujierior knowledge he possessed. He hod brought experience from England nnd hnd placed farming on a firm and lading bad. He had fought the battles of the i>eoplc ; he lia d shown tlmt wheat- growing was a great industry, and that flour could be grown on the Downs. Hc'(Mr, Kellett) however, was quite sure that 80 acres was not sufficient for any man's requirements, and thnt tlie present Land Law was a dis grace to the Statute book. He was of opiniou that 320 acres should be the minimum, aud that a man should not confine his par- suits to agriculture alone, but combine grazing with it. Mr.-Kellett concluded a long and- able sjmcch by drawing attention' ; to the fact that soveral elections for different places have been fixed for the same day, whereby persons who have votes in each electorate can only exercise their franchise in . A vote of confidcucc in Messrs. O'Sullivan and Kellett was moved, seconded and car ried unanimously, and the usual vote of thanks to the Mnyor brought the proceedings to a close. Three cheers were colled' for"" the several candidates aud were responded to with a will, and the large assemblage slowly dispersed. 