A NEGRO PREACHER ATTACKING SCIENCE WITH FAITH. fwASHINGTON P0ST.1 Punctually at eight o'clock on the night of the 20th April the Rev. John Jasper ascended the stage of Lincoln Hall and was introduced to a rather slim audience by J. W. Johnson. This celebrated Baptist clergyman, who has -grown in notoriety with the rapid growth of Jonah's gourd, is about five feet ten inches Irish, sinewv and well-made, with a round bullet head set firmly on strong square shoul ders. His black and glossy forehead slopes abruptly and steadily from the eyebrows, which are shaggy, prominent and jutting, above deep set eyes that, when the preacher gets well down to his work, fairly burn with luminous light. His face is oval, with the advancing chin of the negro, but his features are quite shapely and strongly marked. A shaggy beard and moustache cover his face. His feet are short but very broad, with a high instep and no arch. He was dressed in a black cutaway coat and dark clothes, and wore gold studs in his shirt front and gold-bowed spectacles on his nose. His voice is a 6trong musical tenor of much power, but, in its ordi nary tones, thick and muffled. There is a great deal of magnetism about the man ; be is thoroughlv in earnest, and at a colored camp meeting would gather in the converts at a rate to gladden the hearts of Wesley or Whitfield. His style is eminently adapted to the wants of his congregation, and only lacks cultivation to be singularly powerful and effective. He is essentially dramatic, and his descriptive powers are pictorial and graphic to a high degree. He is a unconscious humorist. Withal, he id a logican of no mean rank, and rea sons from his premises to his conclusions wiih a force and directness that only need cultiva tion, and informatioa to be of convincing ?weight and influence. Opening his meeting with an old hymn, in which the audience joined, he read the 114th Psalm, and called on Mr. Johnson to pray. Then he arose and said he ' wou'.d prove that the sun do stand still, prove it from the leds of the Bible.' He ' didn't know nothin' about outsiders ; and dealt only with God's word which war writ by holy men inspired by the spirit of God moved upon by the Holy Ghost, and authorised by God's authority to light a lamp for the feet and prepare a guide for the path.' He was not a grammarian, and had ' never been to school in his life except seven months thumbing of a New York spelling-book, but had been direc ted to studying the Bible, and asked God, for . Jesus Christ's sake, to lighten him.' He then described his conversion, his entrance into the ministry and the manner in which he was brought into this argument. He h:-d preached it by request four times, on each occasion his white hearers increasing in num ber. Then warming with hia subject, and \- rising equal to the emergency, he plunged into the famous sermon which has carried the name of Jasper all over the counrry. ' Ladies ai:d gentlemen,' said he, 'before proving, as I have been formerly do, that the sun- do dove, I shall go into Egypt extensively, and after devouring my subject will then travel into Canaan and show by the Lord's own mouth that the sun gets up in the morning in the east, whar you kin see him if you wants to, and goes over houses and trees and territories and co't-housea till he goes down in the weBt, whar he hastenetb back again to the starting place. Now that the Lord is a man of war just take notice of Exodus xv. 3, and 'scuse me for meandering around in Egypt, for I shall not undertake to prove that the eun do move until I get over into Canaan. From the creation until the flood when the Lord drowned everybody but Noar and his family ?waB sixteen hundred and fifty-six yearB. Then four hundred years after, when the world got de multiplied with people pretty thick like, the Lord took Abraham out of the land of Haran way from his kindred and relations who was idolators after giving him a son he made up his mind to try Abram's faith. It was a Bo'ce of pleasure for Abraham — excuse me for calling him Abraham ; his name was Abram, but it comes kinder pat, but I don't mean it — to look at young Isaac, but the Lord said, says he, * Abram, take de boy up to Morias' mount ing, and strap to a pile of logs for a burnt sacrifice.' Now,' if Abram had been a philos opher, and hadn't had unshooken coafidence he'd have said, 'Lord, if I stick my knife in young Isaac's troat whar ye gwine to get Another boy of mine through whom to bless the human race ?' But Abram wann't a philoso pher; he heard the Lord, he saddled his a«, he rode to Morias' mounting, and was jess ready to nuake a burnt sacrifice of Issac, when an angel of de Lord — I don't know his other name — called out to Abram, ' See here, old man, that's enough ; don't kill the boy. Thar's an old ram got caught by the horns in the thicket over thar, make a burnt sacrifice out of him !' And Abram. he begot Issac, and Issac he begot Jacob, and Jacob he begot twelve sons, and they all went down into Egypt's land, whar Iv'e been meandering all this time. Thar they stayed four hundred years, and thar God said to Moses one day, ♦ Moses, I have heard the prayers and seen the tears and watched the cares and pitied the fears of zny people down in Egypt, so you go down to the royal town, tell Pharaoh, bound with the lust of the Crown, that I say, let my people go.' So Moses he went dewn and told Pharaoh, and Pharaoh, nothing would do for him till they let the frogs on him. Then lie got scared, I tell you, but it took the lice and the darkness and the destroying angel to work him up to the sticking-point. 'And then when lie did let them go he was sorry, and went after (hem with six hundred chariots filled with colonels and captains. And the Lord said to Moses, * Jess tell your people to stand on one side and look at me, for I'm gwine to do the fighting this morning.' And the Lord said to one of the angels, * Angel, get down thar and unscrew Pharaoh's lynchpin, and take off his stern-wheel?' And the angel did so, and then Pharaoh said, 'Let's get, boys, the Lord's doing this fight, I tell you., And he went to go, but the east wind came on and whar, oh whar, was Pharaoh? Then Moses he died and Joshua took command, and the Israelites were beaten at the city of Ai. And wharfor ? Achon, the son of Zen, stole a magnificent Babylonitish garment and two hundred and fifty shekels of silver and gold wedge, and hid them under bis bed. Joahar sent out three thousand men— I forgets now, it was three thousand or three hundred ; — anvhow they got whipped, and Joshua fell on his face and prayed, and the Lord said, ' Get up, Joshua, what's the matter with you ?' And Joshua said, ' 0, Lord, they licked us !' And the Lord said, ' Of course they did. Take that cursed thing away. Hain't he got that Babylonitish garment ? Hain't he got two hundred and fifty shekels of silver?' Then they killed Achon and his family and went after the city and took it. Then the Giberni tes played a trick on Joshua : 'Joshua, them fellows ain't foreigners, they live around here and have taken you in.' But the five Kings of the Amorites, having a quarrel with the Giberite9, came down to fight them, and the Jews buckled to them. They fit, and fit, and right here I'm gwine to prove to you bv this blessed book that the sun do move, suab ! For Joshua said, ' Lord, the battle ean't be foute before the sun goes down behind the western hills.' And the Lord said, 'Joshua, tell the sun to stand still upon Gibeon, and thou moon in the valley of Ajalon.' So the sun stood still in the midst of the heavens, and hastened not to go down about a whole dav. Do you want any more proof than that ? Take Hoze kiah ; where the sun went back ten degrees. And Solomom savs, in Ecclesiastes, 1st chap ter, 5th versej ' The sun ariseth and the sun goeth down and hasteneth to his place where he arose.' Now Solomon was a smart man. and knew something, and is entitled to respect and that's what he says. Now, I want to ask the grammarians something:. What is the meaning of the word arise? Don't it mean something that goes downstairs, or gets up and moves about ? If I haven't proved that the sun do move, then ray name ain't Jasper! ? Don't take my word for it, take God's. He says so. Will you make God a liar ? But they say the earth moves, that it turns over. Pshaw ! An astronomer told me it turned over and over and over ! Why, don't you see if it did, all the warter would fall out of the rivers and we all be drowned. Drowned ! I tell you. And if the earth turned over, all the houses would tumble down and the terri tories turn over, snd you would be standing on our heads half the time ! It's nonsense ! I have proved by the Bible that the sun do move. The Bible was cherished by our fathers ; we kin not do better than cherish it ourseWes, and teach our children to eherieh it. But don't believe that the earth turns over, for you know that you can't stand on your head all night.' So saying the Rev Jasper banged the Bible to-gether, aud walked down to the railing, where he received the congratulations of scores of black admirers. 