ITALY.— THE WILL OF PIUS IX. I The correspondent of the London Times gives the following as the authentic copy of the latest will of Pius IX. : — "Dispositions and last will of Mastai- Ferretti, Pope Pius IX., formerly Giovanni Maria of the Connts Mastai-Ferretti of Seni- gallia, son of Girolamo. "Testaments. "From the Vatican, March 15, 1875. — Last Will. — In the name of the most Holy Trinity, I recommend nay soal to thee, most Holy Trinity — Father, Son and Holy Ghost, three persons in one God. " I implore most Holy Mary, always im maculate, and her spouse St. Joseph, the Holy Apostlos Peter and Paul, St. Michael the Archangel, St. Louis Gonzaga, my holy guardian angels, and all my holy protectors and advocates to aid me in the great passage from time to eternity, as they have aided and proteoted me during the course of my life " My body, having become a corpse, shall be buried in the ohurcb of St. Lorenzo extramuros and precisely under the little arch standing against the so-called gridiron (gralicola) or stone on which may still be traced the marks caused by the martyrdom of the illustrious Levite. "The cost of the monument shall not exceed 400 orownB. " Upon the monument shall be sculptured a tiara with the keys ; then an epigraph con ceived in the following terms : — "ossa et cineres pii p. ix. svm. pont. vixit an . . . in pontificatv. an . . . ouate pro eo. The coat-of-arms shall be a Death's head. "Having already by the Bull of June, 1873, provided and established the use and applica tion to be made of my estates and personal property acquired in Senigallia, I dispose of what property shall be found alter my death. I pray God to protect and preserve those estates which are destined to pious purposes. In so far it depends upon me, I repeat that with respect to my estates of Senigallia, of the which I have disposed for the Pious House of Refuge, and for the Ginnasio of the said oity through tho Bull of the 1st of September, 1853, and the 20th of April, 1857, as well as through the chirograph of the 24th of May of the said year, I will and intend that all I have declared in the other Bull of the 1 st of June, 1873, shall be observed, in order to the resolu tory conditions, falling in, and rights of rever- sion in the cases contemplated in said Bull ; the which declaration I confirm also with my present testament, as tho expression of iny last will, ordering and enjoining upon my heir and others named in my said Bull, and in case these should not do it, even entreating whomsoever may have the office and interest of the same to see to the diligent and rigorous observance thereof. "I leave my library to the Semiaario- Romauo-Pio. The smaller library, consisting in most part of ascetic books, I leave to the Convent of Passionists by me erected at the Scala Santa. "To all the persons berinafter mentioned who shall survive me I leave in the following proportions: — ToMonsignor Conui, 8,000 lire; to my servants 15,000 lire to be distributed in proportion to the service: the brothers Fran- cisoo and Giuseppe Minocoari, Giuseppe Zangolini (to whom shall be given a double portion), Filippo Cnstellani, Federico Senapn, Antonio Earina, and Pietro Jurgis. Some re compense to the coachman Gaetano and to Pietro. "To Monsignor Sumniinietelli, Almoner, a picture representing the Blessed Mary with the Child on her knee, with its glass which hangs in the little upper ohapel. " To Monsignor Ricci, Maestro di Camera, the statue of St. Peter on the column which is the piodel of that which waB to have been erected at St. Pietro in Montorio. " To Monsignor Pacca, Major-domo, the model of the column in Piazza di Spagna. "To the Monsignors Negrotto Casali, Di Bisogno, and Delia Volpe a remembrance as the testamentary executor shall think proper. " To the Commendatori Filippani and Spagna, a remembrance in some object of value, as above. " The Sacred Relics to the two Pinaoote- cas of the Vicariato and of Monsignor Sacris tan, with the following modifications : — The silver reliquary representing a small altar, enclosing the wood of the True Cross, with other relics, I destine to the Vatican Basilica. To the Lateranenae a great reliquary from Hungary, and which is in a1 black leather case. A reliquary representing a little temple supported by three children, whioh contains the precious relic of the Holy Thorn, is destined for the Collegiate Church of St. Maria in Via Lata. A little temple with small columns of rock crystal, containing relics of St. Peter and St. Paul, to the Cathedral of Senigallia. "To the two Cathedrals of Spoloto and Imola, two reliquaries : to the first the wood of tlip True Cross, supported by a silver trunk, with base of silver, the whole ornamented with diamonds ; to the second a small urn, within whioh is a relic of St. Damasus. " To the Cathedral of Gaeta on ivory crucifix upon a black cross and base, which stands on the floor of the the little upper ohapel. "In the same place, and likewise standing on the floor, another great metal crucifix 'on a marble base, which I destine for the Cathe dral of St. James of Chili. " I dispose of 5000 lire towards the founda tion of a chaplaincy to be erected in the Seminnrio Bio, with the alms of a lire and a half. "The pictures belonging to me, exclusive of those in the little upper rooms, bung upon different walls of the Vatican remain to the Apostolic Palaoe. The sums of some import ance derived from the Obolo of St. Peter shall be all for the Holy See ; and in caBe the Government or rulers who now sit here and call themselves masters and Sovereigns should interfere with these interests, and claim them from the Holy See, I intend to call iu my nephews as heirs, leaving certainly to my testamentary executor all faculties and all the power of protecting, in case of need, the rights of the Holy See. " Of all remaining property which shall be found after my death, whether in money, or in chattels, or in funds, shall be made three shares, one for eBob, in favour of Luigi Mastai, Erode Mastai and his childern, and Anna Arsili, daughter of Virginia Mastai. " I desire Cardinal Antonelli, who has given me so many proofs of kindnes, to assume the charge of testamentary, giving him all the faculties necessary to the carrying into effect these my last wishes ; and I pray him like wise to accept, as a sign of my affeotion and & gratitude, a snuffbox with brillants, of oval shape, and ornamented with enamel. "Pins P. P. IX. "Rome, Nov. 10, 1875. — Cardinal Anton elli having in these last days passed from amongst the living, I substitute the Cardinals Simeoni, Mertel, and Monaco. "Pio P. P. IX. "From the Vactican, Nov. 5, 1375. — In the name of God, I declare and dispose that when the Blessed God shall bring my mortal life to an end, the sums and values, whatever they may be, derived from the Obolo of St. Pdter, administered by tho Signer Cardinal Antonelli, shall be and shall go to the ad vantage — that is to say, into the possession of, tho Holy See. "PioP. P. IX. "Rome, Nov. 22, 1S75. — To the two Cardinals surrogated to the defunct Cardinal Antonelli, I leave a box sat with brilliants to Cardinal Mertel, and a crucifix to Cardinal Simeoni — the crucifix upon a cross of metal. The crucifix and the two statuettes of the most Holy Mary and of St. John are in ivory. It stands in the salon of the private library. " Pio P. P. IX. "To Cardinal Monaco a pioture hanging i in the little upper room — the 'Madonna della \ Seggiola in enamel. ; " From the Vatican, Dec. 26, 187G. "I declare and dispose that when the Blessed God shall bring my mortal life to an end, - tho conspicuous sums and values and ; credits especially and above all derived from the Obolo of St. Peter and from the oblations < of the faithful of all nations, sums, and values, < and credits existing whether in Rome or in whatsoever other parts of the world, of which the Cardinal Prefect of the Sacred Palaces has the administration, shall be for, and shall go to, the advantage — that is to say, into the full possession, of the Holy See, and to the free disposal of the Supreme Pontiff pro tempore. " Pio P. P. IX. "From the Vactioan, Feb. 8, 1877. "In the name of God, I appoint and in stitute the Cardinals R. Monaco, G. Simeoni, T. Mertel, my universal beirs, -to whom I leave all my estates, personal property, rights and shares, with the exception of jvbat I have disposed of or may hereafter dispose of by other acts or especial title. " Pio P. P. IX. "From the Vactican, Aug. 23, 1877. " I have already declared and disposed as I I now also dispose, and when the Blessed God shall bring my mortal career to an end the conspicious sums of money and the values and the credits, &c.;, of which the Cardionl Prafeot of the Sacred Palaces has the administration shall be for and shall fall into the possession of the Holy See and to the free disposal of the Supreme Pontiff pro tempore. I now add that I make the same declaration and disiposi- tious with regard to the sacred vestments and other objects and precious things in point of art or material of which I might have specially disposed. "Pio P. P. IX. "If, by whomsoever or by whatsoever title, the dispositions made by me that the sums of money, the values, the credits, &c.;, adminis tered by tho Cardinal Prefect of the Holy See, as also the sacred vestments, the objects and precious things, whether in point of art or material, of whioh I might not have specially or particularly disposed shall be for and shall remain in possession of the Holy See, sha'l be held as not valid, or for whatevor other motive, should n.it have full effect and execution, in this case or cases I leave the above-mentioned sums and everything else above descibed to the Cardinals Raffaele Monaco, Vicario, Simeoni Giovanni, Secretary of State, and Teodolpho Mortal. "Pius P. P. IX. " From the Vactican, Sept. 4, 1877. " In the patrimony of my family — that is to 6ay, from the patrimony derived from the heritage of my father — there is a portion which belongs to me, and I intend that this portion be divided iu three — two parts to fall in favour of Girolama Mastai, and the other in favour of Ceristini Mastai. "Pins P. P. IX. "From the Vatican, Oct. 2, 1877. "To his Royal Highness the Corate de Cbambord, the Madonna called Del Destino (mosaic) "To her Highness tho Duchess Dowager of Modena, Madonna (mosaic). "Pics P. P. IX. "To the Queen Isabella of Spain, Crucifix of Lucca. " Pics P. P. IX. "From the Vatican, Oct. 2, 1S77. " In token of paternal benevolence, I leave to His Majesty tho King of Naples a group in silver representing the Holy Family. "To His Imporial and Royal Highness the Grand Duke of Tuscany, a Madonna after Raphael with a silver frame. "To his Royal Highness the Grand Duke of j Parma, a large. miniature, ' Sinite parvulos.' " To His Highness Don Alfonso di Bourbon, formerly Pontifical Zouave, the Resurrection in mother-of- pearl. " Pius P. P. IX. "From the Vatican, Oct. 13, 1877. " To her Highness the Princess of Thurn and Taxis the trunk of the Cross in Silver ornanented with diamonds, with two small angels having in their hands symbols of the Passion, and containing a relic of the Holy Wood. "Pius P. P. IX." Goulburn Gaol. — The Venerable Alfred Teed Paddicombe, B. D. has been appointed Church of England obaplain at Goulburn, vice the' Reverend William May, resigned. Gundaroo. — Senior-constable James Irwio, soting clerk of Petty Sessions, has been ap pointed Mining Registrar at Gundaroo, and to issue miners' rights, business and mineral licenses. Land Reserved for Roads. — The land in- eluded within the conditional purchases speci fied in the schedule appended hereto has been reserved for roads : — Name of conditional purchaser, Michael Renehan ; description couuty of Harden parish of Jindalee, about 16 chains south-westerly from John Raleigh's conditional purchase of 40 acres; area of por tion, 100 acres ; area resumed, 8 acres 3 roods ; Miohael Reneban, county of Harden, parish of Jinda.'ee, being recently measured portion No. 189, adjoining his conditional purchase of 100 acres ; area of portion, 43 acres 2 roods area resumed, 2 aores 2 roods. Approved Claims for Pre.Emptive Leases. — Claims for pre-emptive leases under the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1861, have been made by the persons enumerated in the sub joined list, in right of the several portions of i land therein referred to, and have been ap- proved subject to the conditions of the said Act : — Miohael Phelan, Tarciitta, 960 acres, rent £1 10s. county of Wynyard, parish of Bulalgee, district of Wngga Wagga ; Thomas Phelan, jun. Tarcutta, 960 acres, rent, £1 10s. county of Wynyard, parish of Bulalgee, district of Wngga. Tender Accepted — The following tender has been accepted by the Government, viz. : — J. Irving — Contracts 1 and 2 g, Main South ern Road, Guudagai District. Reserve from Sale for Camping and Access to Water. — The land specified in the schedule appended hereto ha9 been reserved from sale for camping and access to water : — Lacltlan District. — No. 1,450. County of Monteagle, parish of Cocomingla, on Cocomingla Creek and Burrowa River, and on the road fromCowra to Frogmoor. Area, about 122 acres. Forms part of Cocomingla run. Marengo.. — The portion of land hereinafter described has been withdrawn from the temporary commonage at Marengo : — Lachlan District. — That part of the temporary common at Marengo, bb notifi ed 22ud February, 1S70, containing 32 aores, inciaded in portion 110; parish of Marengo, county of Monteagle. Adelong. — The portions of land hereinafter described has been withdrawn from tho tem porary comonage at Adelong: — Portions 100 and 101, containing 10 aores each, county of Wynyard, parish of Gadar. Revocation of Temporary Reserveb. — Tho temporary reservation from sale of tho portions of land hereinafter described has been revoked, the revocation to take effect at the Bxpiration of thirty clear days from this date (9th September) : — Lachlan District. — No. 1,1S5. County of Monteagle, parishes of Brnndah and Yambira, on Murray's Creek, area 640 aores. Notified 20fch April, 1877. — No. 195. County of Bland, 640 acreB, Old Diiry Station on Yeo Yeo Creek. Forms part of Grogan Creek Run. This reserve was gazetted on the 10th April, 1S67. No. 832. County of Monteagle, at the junction of Breakfast Creek with Burrowa River, about 14 square mile. The above cancellation docs not' refer to reserve 804. Notified 23rd November, 1875. No. 1,078. County of Bland, parish of Euroka, area 640 acres. Notified 21st October, 1876. Murrumbidgee District. — No. 1,747. County of Cowley, parish of Taemas, about 640 acres. Forms part of Taemas run, notified 9th May, 1877. Reserves from Sale for Water Supply. — The land specified iu the schedule appended heroto has been reserved from sale for tho preservation of water supply: — Lachlan Dis. triet : — No. 1,451. County of Bland, parish of Euroka, on the northern side of Travelling Stock Reserve from Bland to Yoo Yeo creek towards Granfell No. 1,283 from sale 116 from lease as notified 1st, December, 1,877, area, about two. square miles. No. 1,457. County of Monteagle, parish of Cjcomingla, at the junction of Stniggin's Creek with the Burrowa River, area about GOO acres. Forms part of Paddy's Plains run. — Murrumbidgee District: — No. 2,026, County of Cowley, parish of Taemas, area about 500 acres. Forms part of Taemas Run. — Lachlan District : — No. 1476\. County of Monteagle, parish of Weddin, area about 920 acres. — Murrumbidgee District. No. 2028, County of Buccleucb, parish of Chidowla, area 90 acres, being measured portion 34 on Jeremiah Creek. Forms part of Chidowla and Jeremiah Runs. Reserve from Sale for Public School Purposes. — The land specified in the Schedule appended hereto has been reserved from sale for public school purposes. — Lachlan District, — No. 1410. County of Bland, parishof Milong, on the road from Grogan to Young, area 28 acres, to include portion 70 of said parish. Reserve from Lease for Bridge. — The por- tion of land hereinafter described has been withdrawn from the O'Brien's Creek run of which it hitherto formed part :-Murrunu bidgee District. — No. 368. County of Wynyard, parish of Gregado, area about 14 'acVes on O'Brien's Creek. The above iB reserved from sale as No. 2025, on this date. Reserve from Sale for Quarrying Purposes. — The land specified in the schedule appended hereto has been reserved from sale for quarry ing purposes: — No. 58. County of Murray, parish of Merigan, area 75 acre. Reserve from Sale for a Crossing-place. — The land specified in the schedule appended heroto has been reserved from sale for a crossing-place : — No. 72. County of King, parish ofKenyu, area about 14 aoios. Reserves from Sale for Travelling Stock. — The land specified in tho schedule appended hereto has been reserved from sale for travel- Hug stock : — No. 71. County ofKiug, parish of Nelanglo, area about 1200 acres. Lachlan District. — No. 1410. Counties of Bland and Monteagle, parishes of Momagong, Milong, Bribaree, and Thnddnngara, on the road from Grenfell to Wallendbeen Railway Station, urea about 10 square miles. No. 1441. County of Bland parish of Bjrthong, on Berthoog Creek, on tho road from Grenfcll to Wallendbeen Railway Station, area 320 acres. Situated in Bcrthong run. No. 42. County of Bland, parish of Berthong, on the road from Grenfell to Wallendbeen Railway StatioD, area about 2400 acres. Tho above includes portions 216 to 222, and 226 to 229 inclusive, parish Bertboug. No. 1443. County of Monteagle, parishes of Kikiamah and Burramunda, on the road from Grenfell to Wallendbeen Railway Station, area about three square miles. Reserve from Lease for Public Purposes. — The portion of land herinafter described has been resorred from the Nnbba Run, of which it hitherto formed part: — Lachlan District. — No. 205. County of Hardon, parish of Nnbba, area about 470 aores. Reserved from sale as No. 213 on the 10th of April, 1867. Reserve from Sale for the Preservation of Timber. — The land specified in the schedule appended hereto has been reserved from sale for the preservation of timber : — Murrum bidgee District. — Weejasper Forest Reserve. — No. 1289. County of Buocleuch, parish of Weejasper, area 36 square miles. The Crown Lands within the following boundaries : Com- menoing at a point on tho Wonjasper Creek, at the first crossing of the road from Yass to Tnmut, being about one mile in a westerly direction from the south-west corner of por tion 10, parishof Weejasper; and bounded thence on the north by a line west 6 miles ; thence on the we9t by a liue south 6 miles ; thence on the south by a line east 6 miles ; and thence on the eaat by a line north 6 miles, to the point of commencement. Forms part of Jeremiah Sonth, Little Swamp, Weejasper, and Tnmorama runs. The above is in lien of reserve 1885, notified let February, 1878, which has been cancelled on the above date. Reserve from Sale for Water Scpply and Access Thereto. — The land specified in the schedule appended hereto has been reserved from salo for water sapply and access theroto : l — Lachlan District. — No. 1448. County of Monteagle, parishes of Brnndah and Yambira, on Murray's Creek, area 480 aores. Forms part of Brnndah run. District Court Bailiffs' Fees. — At Cnorna, tho other day, the Mercury reports Judge MoFarland to have stated that if a bailiff served to or more Bummonsos in one neighbourhood, the miloage should bo charged for one summons only, and distributed over the various sumraouses. Tho sum of £3 ISs. was charged for eervico of summons iu provious case ; he would allow the bailiff 30s. only. His Honor instructed tho clerk (Mr. Smithers) to supervise the costs of all bailiff's charges in future ; where one or inoro summonses are served in tho one locality, the bailiff must charge tho one mileage from a common poiot on the road. Cheques under Twenty Shillings. — The Bank of Australasia was sued tho other day for damages at the Sale County Court for refusing payment of a cheque for 5s. on the ground that it was not the usage of the Bank to cash cheques oi less than 20s. An apology was tendered to the plaintiff — Henry Peok — with the offer of a donation of £5 5s. to tho local hospital in his name. This was refused, the plaintiff demanding £20. His Honor Judge Nolan said the law was clear, and the oheque should have been cashed, but he thought the apology ehonld have been accepted. A verdict was given for £5, with £3 2s. 6d. costs. Effect of the Extension of the Railway into Riverina. — For the years 1876 and 1877 the nnmber of head of cattle sent by the Great Southern Railway averaged respectively 1436 and 1482 per month, while for the first six months of 1878 the average por month was 3666 head. The traffic in eheep shows a greator increase ; the number per month for tho years 1876 and 1877 was respeotivoly 7730 and 7420 ; the nnmber per month for the first six months of 1878 was 29,649. It was a fortuuate oiroumstanoe that the Railway Department obtained a timely snpply of additional trnoks for the conveyance of live stock to cope with this largo demand, and even as it was tho immense increase in the traffic, amounting to nearly 400 per cent., must have taxed their resources to the utmost. — Echo. An Impudent Impostor. — A person calling himself Gibson, of Gonlbnrn, was arrested at tho Royal Hotel, Liverpool, on Friday last, on . warrant, charged with passing a valueless oheque on a storekeeper at Penrith. Ho bad beeu staying tbero several days, representing himself to beau up-coantry squatter, and that he had engaged a lady to go up to his station with him. He had also managed to introduce himself into the private bouse of one gentle man in the neighbourhood, who was actually driving him about when tho police were waiting to arrest him. While in this town he had procured olothes from one storekeeper, and bad passed two cheques to Airs. O'Connell, landlady of the house he was staying at. Both these cheques were valueless. Ho was brought up and remanded to Penrith. Since then Mrs. O'Connell has taken out a warrant against him. — Cumberland Times. St. Mary's Cathedral, Sydney. — The annual meeting iu conneotion with St. Mary's Cathe dral building fund took plaoe iu the pro- Cathedral on Monday last, when the chair was occupied by Archbishop Vauglian, and the building was well filled with people. The Chairman dolivered an interesting ad dress on the occasion, after which tho report and balance- sheet of the committee having charge of tho fund wore read. They were deemed of a satisfactory character, and, after being well supported, were agreed to. Sub scription lists were opened in the building, resulting in promises of valuable annual con tributions being made to the building fund, and the sum of £1066 being collected amongst those present for the same object. Thanks were accorded to those who so far had con tributed to, or had worked on behalf of, tho fuud, and committees were appointed for its regulation in the fntur6. The proceedings terminated with a cordial vote nf thanks In the Chairman.— -S. M. Herald. Our Land Law and the Government. — There is uo doubt that the resolutions passed by tho Free Selectors' Conference oxpross.the views of a great body of free selectors of N.S.W., who really desiro to make homes for themselves and children in this colony. It has boon pointed out that tho establishment of the system of selling public lands by auction is absolutely necessary, that the money paid for land went back into the banks and was used over and over again to buy lands, and that in one portion of the colony tens of thou sands of acres of choice laud are in the hands of four people, whore there is room for and whore 4000 people could have settled. Mr. Ferrier, one of the speakers, poiuts out that the system, in spite of promises to tho can- trary, is as rampant as over ; for at Hay, Urana, Grenfell, Young, &c.;, nearly 90,000 were sold during a few weeks in August and September. Seven million acres of land have been sold since 1872 by auctiou. The Free Selectors' Conference have also passed resolu- .tions relative to the question of purchase by improvements to be of the value of 10s. per acre (which no one will objoot to), improve ments by squtters not to bar selections, but improvements to be romoved where practic able ; trausfers cot to be made until after thi'eo years ; certificates to issue after five years ; and parents to select for children. Tho con ference express a strong desire to meet as many members of Parliament as possible, and it is to be hoped that arrangements will be made to meet the representatives of the people, so as to disenss these important subjects and adopt them with such modifications as are necessary. There can not be the slightest doubt but that the people of this country will make the land qnestion the vital subject, and iuEist on its settlement on a fair basis. It is satisfactory to know that the conference dis tinctly asks no class legislation, bnt only fair play for a large industrious section of the oom- munity, which is now strong enough, and will make itself heard. — Eveniwg News. An Evening with Mr. Jesse Shepard, hie Spirit Medium. — It will be within the re membrance of our readers that some time since we published an acconnt of the wonders said to be produced through the mediumship of Mr. Jessi Shepard. This gentleman arrived from America by tho last mail boat, and gave his first seance on Saturday evening, in the parlonr of a lodging-house in Macquarie- streot. There were eighteen ladies and gentle men present, comprising amongst them several of our leading citizens. Mr. Shepard said that the circle would meet under very un- favourable conditions, as, iu tho first place, he had not yet recovered from the severe illness occasioned by his voyage ; secondly, there were too many present, fifteen being the nsual limit ; and thirdly, the piano (a small cottage) was utterly nnsuitod for tho render ing of the music they hoped to havo. The lights were then extinguished, and tho com pany sat, hand in hand, horseshoe fashion, aronnd the medium. After a hymn had been sung, Mr. Shepard briefly onnmerated the mediumistic properties of each person present, adding advice as to development, &a.; Whilst this was in progress the sittora wore tonohed by banda, voioes wore heard, lumiaons appear ances wore seen, and a guitar was played in tho air. At times, too, a cool breeze fanned the sitters, and Mr. Shepard described tho appearance and gave tho names of spirits present, all of whom were recognised by some one or other. It should be mentionod, also, that many of the sitters osserted that they saw and rocognisod the spirits of departed friends, and heard their voioes. Up to this stage nothing had occurred which is not of nsnal occurrouces at soances with professional (or even developed aina'eur) mediums ; bat now Mr. Shepard took his seat at the piano, and it soon became evident that his claims to pre-eminenoe have not been over rated. The instrnmeut gove forth such a volume of sound that it seemed os if drums, symbols, and even trumpets, could be distinctly heard, whilst the melody was weird and wonderfully beautiful, unlike anything we have ever heard before. The spirit oontrolling Mr. Shepard was said to bs Donizetti, and the music was called Egyptian. Then a solo by Madame Sontag was announced, and the tones of a magnifioent soprano voice rang through the apartment, filling it with such melody that it seemed im- 1 possible to doubt that the renowned prima ( donna was present. The evening concluded | with a duet between Madame Sontag and Signor Borelli (basso), whiih was indeed a most marvellous performance, the voices being so intimately blended that it was hard to believe that they bath proceeded from the same organism. Tho bass voice is dear and powerful, and of great rauge — iD fact, 'of a character that is rarely heard except in the leading opera houses of Europe. We do not oare what opinion may be formed as'to Mr. Shepard's bona fide in his claims to spirit oontrol. This much is certain, his musical performances stamp him as on the wonders of the age. — Communicated to Evening Hews. The Gundagai Cat.— The Times remarks— , A few years ago tho then editors of the Border 1'ost and Gundagcii Times occasionally indulged in a littlo harmless badinage frjm which the term Gundagaigeese originated, This oft repeated allasiou to the people of the town by the Albury literateur drew forth a smart retort from him of Gundagai, after which this district was credited by oar Albury friend with a variety of probable and impro bable events in connection with its history, such as annual pig haats, enormous snnkes, big pumpkins, and ancient cats. Oue of these squibs, bearing the semblanoe of a fact, was copied into several of tho provincial, and even into tho metropolitan papers. Subsequently it appeared in amplified form in seme of tho English newspapers, and then in a popular journal called JIardwicke's Science Gossip, where it received the finishing touch, and from whose columns it has again beon repro duced in the North of England Gaette, and other home papers. The paragraph which was originally nothing more than a litorary squib, has now assumed a different phase ; historians havo adorned it with figures, so that now it is roally regarded as au historical fact. To give onr readers an idea of how a simple fiction may, by repeated utterance, be chronicled as actual fact, we copy the follow ing from Hardinicke's Science Gossip for Janu ary last, undej the heading "An Ancient Cat " : — " At Gundagai, New South Wales, there is in existence a cat which is said to havo attained the ago of 100 years. It was brought From England in the Golden Grove, one of the three store shipe that accompaniod the first fleet of convict ships which oast anobor in Botany Boy, on the 20th January, 1788. This vessel may be characterised as the Noah's Ark of Australia. She conveyed thither one bull, four oows, ono calf, one stallion, three mares, throe colts, one ram, eleven sheep, eight Iambs, five goats and three kids, six pigs and a litter of fourteen young pig3, nine different sorts of dogs, and soven cats, in cluding that ot Guudagai, which is supposed to be the sole survivor of the magic number of seventy-seven quodrupeds brought by tho Golden Grovo. The cat passed into the hands of a pensioner of the Imperial Government, who settled in Gundagai, in 1839, and who was drowned in the local deluge of 1852." Melbourne Divorce Court.— Last Friday tho causo Turabull v. Turnbull was disposed of. Tho Telegraph reports : — This was a peti tion by Archibald Turubull, a minister of tho Church of England, recently residing at Black wood, praying for a dissolution of his marriage with Harriet Turabull, on the ground of her adultery with Frederick Henry Home, re cently a olerk in tho National Bank at Black wood Mr. Robert Walsh appeared for the petitoner ; no appearanoe for the respondent nor co-respondent. The pet:tiouor stated that ho was. married to the respondent on tho 16th of October, 1 862, at Redfern, New South Wales. Thoy were both of the same age, namely eighteen years, and she was his cousin. Ho was a boot salesman, and she was the daughter of Mr. Tnrnbull, a boot and shoe manufacturer. They resided at Newtown for two years, and then removed to Victoria. In 1866 he became a city missionary in Mel bourne, and studied for the church, and in 1875 bo was licensed to preach. Snbso. qnentlyhe was placed io oharge of the ohnroh of England at Blackwood. The co-respondent Horne was a clerk in the National Bank there. He was also one of the committee of the church and frequently visited the parsonage. About nine months ago, he (the petitioner) noticed that an undue familiarity existed between the respondent and co-respondent, He spoke to her about it, but she protested her innocence; also mentioned the matter to the oo-respondent, and he denied that there was anything improper. On Friday, the 18th of Jauoary last, be left the parsonage to perform ohuroh duties in the district, and returned on tho following Sunday. Discovered then that the respondent had deserted her home and children, without leaving any intimation of where she had gone to. A few days later he (the petitioner) received a letter from tho respondent in Melbourne, en closing a note from the co-respondent The respondent's letter was as follows : — " Archy, you are now free from me, for I am guilty of what yon accused me. Get a divorce, for bow conld I stay ia the house, and look you in the faco — a pare, honourable, virtuous man ; and I swoar now before God, while I write, a Christian man, one that deserves a wife who will love him as I once did. I thonght it better to go, for yon would always have been wretched. Now your character is olear. Your people love you. They will cling to you. Do not fret about " me. Look upon me with disgust, for I ana a beast. Never give me a thought. I will never go any worso than I have gone. If yon get married again, do get a pious woman. I was never meant for a minister's wife. Get one that will love the children. There is no use my saying I love them. I intend writing to tho bishop and telling him all. You should get him to remove you. Tell the little ones I am dead. /'Do not give me a thought, for a more worthless wretch never lived. . . Get married and forgot mo. . . . Never pray for mo. It is no nso. Again I say, lovo the children. If I am not your wife, I am still their mother iu this world and in the world to come. . . . When yon get this letter I will be far away in the interior. You will uever see or hear of me agaia. Be kiad to poor Sarah, and darling George, and Daisy, May, and Gertrude. God bless you all. — Harriet ." " Tell Sarah to take care of my mother's ring ; it is for her." The co respondent's note was as follows : — "I lied to you, I know, but it was for one's sake who is dearer to me than life. . . As soon as it is in my power I will marry Harriet. Think not too harshly of her. . . We are jnst leaving for the intorior." He (the petitioner) had not seen the respondent nor the co-re spondent sioce they left Blackwood together. The five ohildren born of the marriage were alive, and in his custody. There were four girls and one boy. The eldest was fourteen years of age and the youDgeat three years. At the close of the petitioner's evidence, the court granted a decree for dissolution of mai'riage, as prayed. The good will of Alexander Moore and Co.'s Labour Bazaar, Pitt-street, Sydney, has been sold for £19,000, the purchaser being Mr. Maher, one of tho retiring partners in the firm. Tho next Coart of Quarter Sessions at Sydney will be held on tho 6th November. The date, however, ha9 not yet been officially notified. Messrs. Max-Monash and Co.'s new stores at Narrendera wero burned to the ground last Friday morning. Nothing was saved out of the main baildiug. The following are the appoiutments for tho forthcoming circuit eourts, to be holden in Ootober : — Mr. Mathew Henry Stephen to be judge at Dubbo and GraftOD, Mr. C. J. Manning to prosecute at Yass and Goulburn, Mr. C. B. Stephen at Tamworth and Armi- dale, Mr. G. B. Simpson at Wagga, Albury, and Deniliquin, Mr. F. E. Rogers at Dubbo and Grafton, and Mr. G. C. Davis at Mudgee and Bathnrst. It is proposed to erect a bronze statue to- the memory of the late Mr. Thomas Sutoliffo Mort. At present there is a balance in tho hnnds of the committee of £2673 for the pur. pose of erecting a suitable momorial to him. The Bishop of Melbourne, Dr. Thornton, has boldly stated in his last public address, that he does not believe in endless misery. Very many people, principally Victorians, cherish the fond hope that the Bishop ia right. Mr. E. Barton, barrister-at-law, ha3 re signed the position he has for some time filled as Crown Prosecutor. Mr. Mathew Henry Stephen is likoly to be appointed acting-Judge at tho Assizes of next month, and will most likely take the Dubbo and Grafton circuits, The police have succeeded in finding the' iron safe stolen some time ago from Mr. Phillip M'CarroIl's house in Sydney. It was found at Enmore, in a paddock belonging to Mr. W. H. Paling. The safe had been broken open, and was rifled of its contents. About a week ago the office of Mr. J. J. Livingstone, timber merchant, Circular Quay, Sydney, was broken into, and the safe carried away. Tho police have since had tho matter in hand, but have not yet traced either the thief or the safe. Senior-sergeant Wallings, of the Dubbo police force, was shot dead Inst Friday morn ing at Wonbobbie, while in the execution of his duty. Particulars are not yet to hand. Tho appeal in the Equity case Wolfe r. Hart, iu the Victorian Supremo Court, an in junction in reference to Wolfe's aromatic schnapps, was dismissed with costs ; Judge Molosworth's decision granting au injunction against Hart has been confirmed- In tho Victorian Assembly last Thursday, Sir John O'Shanassy moved the first reading of a bill to set asido the existing Education Act. In Melbourne a committee has been ap pointed to make arrangements for a banquet to the Australian team on their return from England. A divorce case was heard at Melbourne last Friday in which the petitioner was the Rev. Arohibald Turnbull, formerly of Newtown. New Sonth Wales. A decree for dissolution, of the marriage was granted. Mr. Berry and the Minister for Lands (members of the Viotorian Ministry) visited Wangaratta last Friday. The former received a deputation from Albury urging the abolition of cereals duty. He replied that the Victorian- Government were ready to moke arrange ments for the total abolition of the Border dnties, the only obstacle being the excessive demands of New South Wales. A matoh has been arranged between Robert Fletcher Watson, of West Maitland, and John Applett, of Parkes, for £200 a-sido. To take place at Maitland on the 2nd Novem ber next. Distance, '200 yards. What more precious offering can be laid upon the alter of a man's heart than the first love of a pare, earnest, and affeotionate girl, . with undivided interest in twenty-seven ten- roomed houses, and a farm down the Mnrrum- bidgee P "Ten dimes make one dollar," said the schoolmaster. " Now go on, sir. Ten dollars make ono — what?" "They make one mighty glad these times," replied the boy, and 1 the teacher, who hadn't got his last month's Balary yet, eonoluded the boy was about right. Not quite the same Thing. — Merciful Tra veller : Your little horse has been going well. When do yon bait him P Pat : Ah, share, it's been a party livel road, ser ; bat oi'll have to bate him goia' np Sloggin Derry Hill, sor ! 