Terry off HOSIERY to ; no trial of the action Sargood 3 The sudden. i" which is involved the question as to what is meant by the term "hosiery in a the customs Duties Act, was continued yes t today in the Supreme Court-Before his S Honour Mr. Justice Harry and special jury " "Vin Purves. Mr.^VilUanv, Mr. M'Kinley, and Mr. noon were AT the jgKIt.onera Mr JKlling, Q.C.. Mr. ,VU)b, and Mr. C. A. Smyth for the respondent... On the previouway an objection had been raised that Mr. proud, who was being examined as a witness, could not give evidence He what warrant in the trade by the time. hosiery. it being contended by the roiiiselfortlo Crown that the judge must decide that for himself; and if there was any doubt as dc meaning of the term he must refer m- dictionary to find the meaning, and the 'dictionary meaning of hose applied army to coverings for the feet legs, and Mr. WILLIAMS, for the petitioners, said that the question was not what those meant, but what was hosiery- Of course, in the olden k innes, hose meant principally stockings and coverings for the legs and thighs but after the invention of the stocking frame the term hosiery was applied to all textile fabrics made with the stocking stitch, no matter whether it was covering for the head or the feet. The ii Scott, 3 T. R., 602, the Court admitted evidence of usage to explain a contract. Mr BILLING said that these were cases of contract, which was quite different from the interpretation of an act of Parliament. Mr. WILLIAMS continued that in Hutchison r Boiler, 5 M. & W., evidence was admitted to show that there was a distinction between "good" and "fine'' barley, and that the distinction was one well known to the Mr. WEBB.-That is another case of a son Mr. WILLIAMS referred to Monfiel.. Cole, I, 12. 7, Exch., where Baron Martin said he should be loth to hold that there was any distinction of construction in a deed, a contract, or an act of Parliament. Where words were used in an act of Parliament that were ambiguous, or were capable of different interpretation, evidence of usage must be given to explain them. In 1 Chitty's Blackstone, 59, it was laid down that words are generally to be understood in their usual and most common signification; but in terms of art or technical terms they must be taken according to the interpretation of the learned in each art or science. If the Crown wanted to rely on dictionaries, it would be found, on reference to Ure's Dictionary, that hosiery was applied to all articles made by the stocking frame. In a dictionary published by Collins and Son, which stated that the terms used in art and business had been revised to the latest date, "hose" was described as loose-fitting breeches as formerly worn, reaching to the knees ; stockings ; a flexible pipe or tube attached to a pump or hyraulic-engine for con- ning water to any given point. "Hosier, one who deals in hose or in goods knitted or woven like hose." Hosiery, the business of a hosier ; stockings in general ; a manufactory for weaving or knitting stockings and similar wages. As to whether evidence was admissible to explain a term of art, it had been expressly held in Kirkland .. White, 3 Macqueen, that such evidence was admissible. His lloKOtm.-Some of the terms in this schedule certainly appear to require evidence to explain them. For instance, what is fancy goods," "iron wire Nos. 1 to 9," " materials for toilet covers," " antimacassars "oil or other floorcloths:" Toilet covers may be made of leather or any material. "Toys" is another expression. What are toys? Some children might be caused by a mud- hole, and others would require other things to amuse them. Mr. WILLIAMS said he believed, as to toys, that the Customs department admitted children's hats free as toys, but they charged duty on men's hats. There was another hem, artificial human hair, in the schedule. What was that? It would certainly not be found in any dictionary. " Chignon" would certainly not be found in any but the most modern dictionary, even if it could be found there. He apprehended that evidence was admissible to show the uniform practice as to hosiery between the trade and the Cup teams, and the sense in which it was received, not only here, but in England and the colonies. It was also to be observed that though the Crown wished to restrict " hosiery" to "stockings" and " breeches," in this very Customs Act of 1878, among the articles of apparel that were subject to, duty was ''breeches." That bore out the petitioners' view that there might be breeches which, if made in one way, would be liable to duty, but if made as hosiery would not be liable to duty. So as to capes and pants, which were also mentioned in the schedule of dutiable goods. liisHoNOtin.-You won't find "pants in . any dictionary that I can remember. Mr. BILLING, in support of his objection against the reception of evidence, urged that the usual course, if any word was of doubtful meaning, was for the Court to refer to a standard dictionary, and if the word was found there it must be used in that sense. > , iris Hosotm.-In other words we are to call the ghost of Johnson, or of Webster, or of Richardson to give evidence. Mr. BILLING did not put it that way. All he contended for was that the word must be taken in its usual sense. In Saltoun v. The Advocate General, 3 Macq. 671, it was held that an act of Parliament applicable to the three kingdoms must be interpreted in its popular sense as understood in English, and not as it might be understood in Scotland. The practice that had existed between the Customs and the merchants before this act came into law as to the way " hosiery" was dealt with did not affect the case. In Feather v. The Queen, 6 B. and S., it was held that the practice of the Crown officials did not bind the legal rights of the Crown. His HONOUR Then I understand you that in order to define hosiery reference must be made to a dictionary. Mr. BILLING.-YeB if it is to be found there, or else in some standard work on the subject. His HoNOim.-Very well. Adopting that method of interpretation for the present, I have looked into several dictionaries. I do not find it in Marshes, published in 1817, although hose and hosier are there. Nor is it in the edition of Johnson published in 1827 ; nor is it in Richardson, published in 1855. I he first place I find it in in in the Imperial Dictionary, published in 1854, where it is defined as stockings in general, a manufactory where stockings are woven by ma- chinery." I next found it in Webster, published in 1862, where it is said to be " stockings in general, socks." In a dictionary of arts and sciences, published in 1867 by -linight, in which it was said, under the heading of hosiery manufactory," that the stocking frame was the oldest machine in existence by which this manufacture was carried on. It was invented about the close of the 10th century by the Rev. Wm. Lea, but a considerable time elapsed before the produce of this frame took the place of the trunk nose, as then worn by all who could afford such articles of dress. "From the period of its first invention the stocking frame received no considerable improvement till recent times. Frames with a rotary motion and worked by steam-power have been successfully brought into use, which bid fair altogether to supersede the use of the old re- ciprocating engine. The economy in the process of manufacture thus-applied-'is-very great ; the working of a rotary machine, impelled by. steam-power, in which 12 fashioned stockings are made at the same time, requires the superintendence of only one man and a boy ;? ?wlíerens'"úñ'der' the old frame but one stocking could be made at once by several workmen.'. We have spoken only of hosiery; but many \- other articles besides stockings are made of this linked fabric gloves, waistcoat pieces, nuts, pantaloons,..drayvcrs, comforters, caps, jackets, leggings, are made nearly in the same way and of the same material." " Our exports were chiefly to Australia and the United States," I shall receive the evidence. Mr. SARGOOD'S examination was continued, -He said that prior to 1871 he paid duty at the rate of 10 per cent, on hosiery'. A num set of articles, described as osprettes, squares, capes, fichus, chest protectors, neckerchiefs, and vests, caps, polkaB, capitulate scarfs, wool shawls, wool hats, Alexandra jackets, v ~n TO Jackets, Minerva sets, wool hoods, a id ladies mats and CUITB, were handed to Vg-_w!ineB9'nnd he said that prior to January, at 9, they paid duty as hosiery (10 per cent.) £1, i ""owner 120 Percent). They were made with the stocking stitch. He only saw the manufacture once, in 1861, but it was impossible to pass off on him the loom stitch instead of the stocking stitch. He produced Borne caps, vests, and sets made of cloth or linen which came under the head of apparel, and were not hosiery. In 18?, he had an mtcuieyvwith the Commissioner of Customs we' A_VdeiS°,n> and Mr' a'yIer on the sub- ALL v Tyler contended that as some of wJ500 shown at that interview had inward hawks and w tu°yCCB3^ to offer'. and became apparel. Mr. Ander as if' decided that the things were the' next attempt to change the newtoSfcT? a".d in 1878- 'After m t £87 "was came into force he saw Mr. Lalor, we present Commissioner, and Mr. Tyler. He reminded Mr. Lalor that when the tariff resolutions were first submitted to the Assembly the words "not being hosiery" were inserted at the end of the clause imposing 20 per cent, duty on apparel after the words " men's, women's, and children's under- clothing ;" that it was feared that the words except hosiery," if so placed, might be used in a restricted sense. As applicable only to underclothing that this had been explained to him (Mr. Lalor); that it had been pointed out to him the class of goods which it was desired to introduce free, and that Mr. Lalor had acknowledged that the Government intended to make them free that the Commissioner had agreed to shift the words " except hosiery" from the end of the clause to the place where they now stood: and that the clause now read-" Articles of i apparel whether wholly or partly made up (except hosiery)." He (Mr. Sargood) pointed out that the goods had always been passed as hosiery-, and Mr Tyler said that the goods were constantly varying in style. Mr. Lalor said, "It is questionable if the clause now reads as originally intended by me." Mr. Lalor after some further conversation, said What's your meaning of it?" and he (witness) replied If it does not bear the construction the trade put upon it, it has no morning." Mr. Lalor promised to consider . it. (The various letters that passed between plaintiffs and the department were read.) There was also a dispute as to whether blue and green quilts were dutiable. Plaintiffs claimed a return of £3 18s. 3d., duty paid on a shipment of quilts, which were charged 10 per cent as rugs. The witness said that under the tariff of 1871 the department claimed duty on this class of quilts at 20 per cent, as coming under the heading " apparel and slops, and all articles made up wholly or in part from silk, cotton, linen, or of wool, or of other or of mixed materials." In that tariff " woollen blankets or blanketing rugs and rugging," was charged only 10 per cent, but the department officers insisted upon the higher duties being paid. In the present tariff the provision as to " articles wholly or partly made up of side," he. was omitted, but Mr, Tjder maintained that these quilts were rugs, and were therefore liable to 10 per cent. duty. (The evidence as to the course of business between the plaintiff and the department was objected to, as it could not affect the meaning of the act of Parliament, and the evidence was admitted subject to the objection.) In cross-examination Mr. Sargood said that the stocking frame was invented to imitate the hand-knitting of a stocking as far as possible. The stitch in the "osprettes" was a long stocking stitch. The stocking stitch was not meant to be ch_e. The fringes to the different articles were not made in the stocking frame, but were added on by hand. There were buttons on the vests, and there were bindings all put on by hand. There were tapes to the caps also put on by hand. Some of the chest protectors find binding, Bone not. As to stockings, there was hand labour on every pair of stockings made at the machine ; the too and heel were always finished off by hand. W. C. Whalley, shipping clerk to the plaintiffs, said that the present tariff came into operation on 19th January. On 15th January passed an entry for wool squares,, crossovers, shawls, and other things of the same description as those produced. Passed them as hosiery, and paid 10 per cent. duty. The goods were delivered in due course. On January 23 a shipment of goods per Lusitania was entered. Part of the entry was for hosiery-, which was described as free. They were the same class of goods as those produced in this case; the landing waiter initiated the invoice. On the 12th February another lot of hosiery was passed in free, the invoice was seen and stamped. On the 19th February passed an entry for 18 packages of hosiery (crossovers and esplanade shawls) as free ; but the Commissioner afterwards decided that they were dutiable, and the duty was paid under protest on 22nd March. ( It was admitted for the defence that the money claimed as refund of duty had been paid by the plaintiffs.) Mr. WILLIAMS next proposed to prove the claim for drawbacks, and asked if those amounts were admitted. Mr. Billing said they must be proved in the usual way. Mr. Williams then asked that the written claims sent in to the department in pursuance of the regulations should be produced, in accordance with the notice given. Mr. Billing said he had not got them ; they were at the audit office. His Honour decided to admit secondary evidence of the claim, but Mr. Whalley said he could not' remember what claims he had made, and it was arranged that the commissioners of audit should be subpoenaed to produce them. In addition to the correspondence read yesterday, the following letters were put in from the plaintiff's attorneys to the Commissioner of Customs. The first was undated, but was written on 19th June : " " Hosiery Cases. "Sir-We have now, in accordance with your request, to ask you to' consent to have the question in dispute between the department and the trade as to the duty payable on J hosiery' tried without raising any technical objection on either side, and so that one action may decide the whole. The dispute consists of two parts-viz. (1), Is 'hosiery' exempt from duty and (2) do the goods in question come within the term 'hosiery?' The first is a question of law, and may be decided by a special case without the necessity for a trial. Should the Court be of opinion that hosiery is not exempt, the whole dispute would then be at an end ; but should 'it otherwise determine, then the second question would remain to be settled. We believe that the committee of the Warehousemen's Association made a proposal to you some months ago to allow the question of fact to. be decided by a committee of experts who are' now out of business as warehousemen, such as Messrs. Andrew, Cooper, and Lyell, and we now beg to submit that proposition for your approval. Should you not assent thereto, we would then suggest that, as there is nothing to be gained by requiring 20 or 30 actions to be brought to decide the question of fact, and as we find there is no firm which has passed or is in a position to pass entries for all the goods in dispute, it would answer all purposes if you allowed one firm to pay duty on all the items about which there is any doubt, and without taking any technical objection on the ground that such goods were not in existence, consent to that firm suing to recover the amount. Thusone.trlal would dispose of all the facts at one sitting. We would respectfully press upon your attention our application to waive the technical objection of want of a month's notice of action against the collector, because it was in consequence of your requesting time to consider our proposition for a consolidation of the actions, and of your assurance that you would not insist on any objection if the effect would be to throw us over a sitting, that we have lost the opportunity of trying the actions at the cnBuingBittings." The next letter was dated 28th June : " We shall be glad to know if you are in a position to answer our letter of the 19th inst, as to taking the opinion of the Supreme Court on the question of law' and of experts on the question of fact, so as to save the cost of several actions. We beg to enclose you a circular and list of goods recently sent to the warehousemen here by Messrs. Plant and Co.', of Leicester, who are very extensive dealers in hosiery, from which you will' observe that the very articles about which your department is now disputing are classified and treated as hosiery'. ~ John Binney said he had been in the trade 20 years, and had bought goods in the English market. The goods produced were fancy hosiery; the structure was knitted. They were made on a machine which was a modification of the stocking frame. In cross examination he said he had seen . similar articles to these made in Leicester, which was the principal manufactory of this class of woollen goods, as Nottingham was of cotton goods. Thomas Gibson said he had been in the trade 42 years, and had made hosiery. These goods were hosiery. of Thomas Guyatt, warehouseman ; William Cater, manager for Buckley and Nunn and James R. Laing, warehouseman, said the goods were hosiery, but none of them had seen this class of goods manufactured, and only spoke of the trade name. ' * ' Mr. WILLIAMS said that he had about 15 other witnesses to give the same evidence, whose names he read out to the Court. His Honour asked if Mr. Billing wished them produced. Mr. BILLING said he objected to its being taken that these witnesses gave the same evidence as the others. He wanted some we witnesses who had seen the manufacture. Mr. WILLIAMS promised to produce such at witness in the morning. The case was then adjourned. Notwithstanding the lure held out by Government to local bodies in the shape of £10,000 upon the Estimates to recoup them for losses sustained by the abolition of tolls, the Bungaree Shire Council, whose position with regard to the maintenance of its main roads is almost the worst in the colony, is endeavouring (states the Ballarat Star) to devise some means for providing for the roads to he kept in good repair, and it is probable that the council will shortly call a conference of local bodies, to be held in Ballarat, to consider the question, and if possible decide upon some scheme that will prove satisfactory to both boroughs and shires, and to shires that have been troubled with tells, armatures that have not 