PARLIAMENT. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. THURSDAY, JULY l8. The Speaker took the chair at half-past ' 4 o'clock. PAPERS. The following; papers were p /esenteil : Ketum showing the amount paid for ad- vertisement« to the Melbourne 'journals \ during the past financial y tax. Return showing the number of schools with on average attendance of, less than 30. PETITIONS. Dr. MADDEN presented a petition from «lectors o£ 'Sandridge in favour o£ the pur- chase of the Hobsoivs Bay Railway. Mr. DIXON presented a petition from the Prahran ^Railway Conference in favour of the .purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway and the ..connexion with the Gipps Land line by tho (shortest and most ?dircot route. SUPREME COURT JUDGES. Mr. TUCKER, asked the -Attorney-General whether it was -the intention of the Go- vernment to make the present reduced number of "Supreme Court judges a per- manent reduction, 'and if BO, whether .n bill would be hrought in to that effect. A return hadlieeiuprcsented last session, show- ing the amount poid to the judges whilst on leave of absence, the period taken being the seven years from 1870 to the end of 1877. Full salary was paid in all cases. Ile found that Sir Redmond Barry had received £7,720 17s. Gd.; Sir WHliam Stawell, £7,02118s. 3d.; Mr. Justice" Stephen (including leave up to December 31, 1878), £4,52815s. Id. : Mr. Jus- tice Molesworth, £780 11s. lid.; Mr. Justice Fellows, «ii; and Mr. Justice Williams, who retired in 1874 on a pension of £1,500, m7 making a total amount paid to the Supreme Court judges whilst on leave of £20,638 3s. The nine County Court judges, including the Insolvent Court judge, drew during the same time whilst absent from duty £8,925, making the full total of £29,583 3s. paid for services not rendered. In the Supreme Court there had been no increase of business, either on the civil or criminal side, the County Court having taken over a largcamount of business once done in the Supreme Court. The Go- vernment had made great protestations of economy, and they had now the opportu- nity of saving the country £3,000 a year, and -th& prospective pension of £1,500. .Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN stated that the question of the appointment of another judge had received the most serious con- sideration of the Government, but as yet no definite conclusion had been arrived at. ¿"earing the over-pressure on the Court, he had last month, at the request of the Chief Secretary, telegraphed to Mr. Justice Stephen 'to ascertain whether he could return at once. -Judge Stephen replied that the state of his health would prevent his immediate return, 'hut inn subsequent telegram he stated that 'ho fully counted on returning in restored «health at the expiration of his leave at the -end of the year. There had, no doubt, been . considerable pressure on the Court during the hist temi, but that pressure was now over, and would not occur again until ' September next Between the present time and September the Government would have the opportunity of considering the question, and of taking the step, if the necessities of the public required it, of ap- pointing another judge. The Government were most anxious, if possible, that then > should be only four judges instead of five, but the matter was one in which they musl be guided by the pressure of- business and the necessities of the country. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. Mr. SERVICE asked the Treasurer vvher he proposed to make his financial state jnent. Mr. BERRY was scarcely able to name ans Íiarticular day. The second reading of the leform Bill was fixed for Tuesday week, and immediately on the close of that debate he purposed making the financial statement, foi he did not think it desirable to interrupt the debate when once commenced. He feared that he would not be able to make the state ment before Tuesday week. Mr. KERFERD pointed out that the de- bate on the Reform Bill was likely-as had been the case with the Norwegian scheme to last several weeks. (Mr. BERKY.-" Oh, no.") The subject was one of great import- ance, and a large number of members would desire to address the House. Mr. SERVICE, while admitting that the Chief Secretary was placed in a difficulty, owing to the number of important subjects with which ho had to deal, thought it would be very inadvisable to postpone the financial statement, which was anxiously looked for by the country, to so late a period, ne thought it might be possible to delny for one more week the Becond reading of the Reform Bill. (Ministerial Members.-"Oh, no."; Hon. members were scarcely alivo to the im- portance of the financial position of the country. ASSENT TO SUPPLY BILL. A message was received from His Excel- lency the Governor, notifying that he hat) riven his assent to the Consolidated Revenue Bill. ' LIGHTHOUSE ON CAPE NELSON. Mr. COPE asked . the Commissioner ol Customs whether he had under considera- tion the report of the Western Harbour Com- mission, and the previous reports of Captain Pasley and Captain Ferguson ; and if pro- vision will be made on the Estimates for the current year for the erection of a lighthouse on Cape Nelson. Sir BRYAN O'LOGHLEN, lu the absence of Mr. Lalor, said that these reports were in favour of the erection of the lighthouse, and he believed the Minister of Public Works liad taken steps to provide for its erection. SCAB IN SHEEP. Mr. .GRAVES asked the Chief Secretary if it .is the fact that an outbreak of scab in sheep took place in Tasmania early in tho present month : and if so (in view of the fnct-of the number of stud sheep now offered for sale in Victoria imported from Tasmania), have jiny measures been taken to prevent this disease extending to this colony. Mr. BERRY said that, in consequence of a report in the press, he had telegraphed to the Chief Sooretary of Tasmania to the following effect :-" It is stated thatan outbreak of scab lias taken place in Tasmania. Please favour me with full information on the subject immediate." Before he received an ansvter a deputation representing large stockowners waited on him, and he promised that strin- gent regulations should be issued to prevent the introduction of the disease into this colony. He had since received from the Chief Secretary of Tasmania the reply : " Chief inspector of sheep states that the report is not true." He expected to-morrow to receive further information. If neoessary, regulations would bo issued requiring all sheep sent from Tasmania to be dipped before shipment, and, should circumstances justify the course, legislation would bo proposed prohibiting all importation. It was necessary to guard agaiiiBt any possibility of scab being introduced here, or the arrangement with îvîcvv South Wales about the crossing of stock might be prejudiced. ' SWIMMING AT STATE SCHOOLS. Mr. WILLIAMS asked the Minister of Public Instruction if it was his intention to provide baths in connexion with state schools in the principal towns, in order that the children might learn the art of swimming! Major SMITH said that while he was most desirous that the state school children should 3HJ taught swimming, sjtill until we could supply the whole of the Behool accommoda- tion required in the colony, it would be pre- mature to spend money for the purpose suggested by the lion, member. (Hear, , hear.) THE PARLIAMENTARY LIBRARY. Jn reply to Mr. D. M. DAVIES, Mr./BERRY said he did not see any reason why,,tor the convenience of country mem- bers, thelibrary should not be kept open on evenings, ¿vhen the House adjourned at an ?early hour, and he would give the necessary instractions in the matter. ' THE-YAN YEAN AQUEDUCT. Mr. LANGRIDGE moved that theie bo laid before ttíís House copies of Meásrs. -Overend and RoWs contract for the supply and delivery of bluestone ashlar for the aqueduct at Yan Yean, and of all papers .connected with it-,|Ofao, of the contract for the building of basin a.nd aqueduct at Yan Yean, and all papers conncated therewith. Mr. PATTERSON said it would cost a great deal of money to copy out these docu- ments, but he had no objection to lay the papers on the library table, if that v'vould suffice for the bon. member. Mr. LANGRIDGE said this would bo fiufficicnt for his purpose, which was to move for a select committee in the nutter. The motion was then withdrawn. GOULBURN VALLEY RAILWAY BILL. The repoit from the committee on this bill was adopted, nnd the bill read a third time, passed, and oideied to be sent to the Legis- lative Council. PURCHASE OF THE HOBSON'S BAY RAILWAY. On tho order of the day being called for tho ' iloUBe to go into comroitttee on tue rcsolu ions for the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway, Mr. GAUNSON complained that he and Jther members had been taken by surprise with regard to the passing on the previous evening for the nouso to go into committee on this question to-day. When the Chief Secretary .first gavo notice of the matter his notice was that he would move "on Thursday" (that day) that the House should go into committee on the question, whereas the notice had been altered BO that it carno on yesterday, and a resolution was then passed that the House should "on Thursday" (to-day) go into committee. He considered that the House had been " jockeyed " in passing tho resolution on the previous day without debate, but he (Mr. Guunson) would not leave this subject until he had expressed his opinions. Tlie SPEAKER explained that the Chiei Secretary had in moving the resolution he did on the previous day, simply followed the notice-paper, and it would have been quite competent for any hon. member to have de- bated the subject of the purchase on thai motion. The House then went into committee. Mr. BERRY moved the following resolu- tions " 1. That in the opinion of this com- mittee, the undertaking of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay United Railway Com- pany be purchased by the Government upon the terms, conditions, and stipulations contained in the agreement made on the tith day of July, 1878, between the directors of the company and the Government. 2. That the Government be instructed to take the necessary steps for carrying out the foregoing resolution." He explained with reference to the com- plaint of the bon. member for Ararat, that he (Mr. Berry) had merely moved the reso- lution yesterday for the nouse to go into committee because it was on the notice paper for that day, and if it were wrongly on the notice-paper he was not aware of the fact. If there had been any mistake it had not been mnde by the Government, nnd he need hardly say there had been no desire to perpetrate any trick, and he hoped lion, members would approach this question with -their minds free from any bias of that kind, and consider it on its merits. At the very outset he desired to say that the Government had not mixed up this resolution with any other question. It wns a resolution proposed on its own merits, and although there were many collateral cir- cumstances which had had weight with the Government in commending this purchase to their minds, it was quite open to bon. mem- bers to choose whether they would or not give those circumstances weight. (Hear, hear.) On a previous question, a great deal had been said in favour of lion, members being left free to exercise their own judgment, and to express their own opinions ¡ and cer- tainly, above all questions, a question in- volving the expenditure of money on the purchase of a railway was one exceptionally within the province of every lion, member to deal with as he liked, and exactly from the standpoint he might himself adopt. There was no question more peculiarly one for that House than a question of the ex- penditure of money. At the same time the Government, in deciding to enter into this agreements- subject, of course, to the ap- proval of that House and the shareholders of the company-did so with a full knowledge of what they were doing, and with a deter- mination to do all they could to perfect that agreement and carry it into effect. Proposals for the purchase of the nobson's Bay Railway had been twice placed definitely before the House. When the construction of the Gipps Land line was first decided upon, it was sug- gested that running powers should be taken over the Hobson's Bay line, but the majority of the House disapproved of it. During the debate there was a strong expres- sion ot opinion in favour of the purchase of the line, and the Government of tile day were moved to ascertain on what terms the di- rectors would sell. The hon. member for Warrnambool (Mr. Francis) was Chief Secre- tary, and the hon. member for Rodney (Mr. Gillies) Minister of Railways. The Govern- ment of the day communicated with the com- pany, and the terms were thus stated to the House : " Th» nil!--.,,!'- mo- nrnn/ln.v, "F (?!_ valuation was as follows : Net profit for tile half-year ending 30tli June, 1873, alter íraylng In- terest .. .. .. .. £22,041 1 11 Equal to lier annum .. .. 44,082 3 10 Tvi cnty years' purchase .. .. 881,043 16 8 Debentures. 444,000 0 0 Total.£1,328,213 10 8 Though there was no great disposition to purchase the line then, so largely did the profits subsequently increase, that two years inter it was almost universally regretted by lion, members that advantage had not been taken of the offer. It was freely stated that the Government were never likely to obtain anything like as good terms again. If lion, members will look at the contract now entered into they will find that the gross amount now proposed to be paid is £1,320,000, or a little less than the amount asked in 1873. Sir James M'Culloch, the head of the Go> vemment in 1S7C, proposed that the price should be arrived at by arbitration, and the minimum was fixed at £85 a share, and the maximum at £100. The lion, member for Brighton proposed that the price should be £80 per share. He (Mr. Berry) could not say that nil who voted for the amendment were piepared to purchase nt£S0. Ho personally voted for the amendment in order to defeat the scheme, and so did others. (Hear, hear.) Mr. SERVICE.-The nouse never divided on the question that £80 be paid. The divi- sion took place on the question that the words proposed to be omitted stand part of the question. Mr. BERRY.-Whatever might be the technical way in which the vote was taken the intention was clear. Had the Government of the day been disposed to accept the £80 a share proposal, they could have carried it on the next motion, but they moved that the Chairman leave the chair, and the business came to an end. The lowest price mentioned was £80. The hon. mem- ber for Maldon went into an elaborate statement to show that the £80 was a fair price, and no one proposed less. Had the Government pressed on the purchase on these terms it would have been impossible to have prevented it. The opponents of the Scheme could have done nothing. Now the price at which the present Government pro- posed to buy the line was as low as the one named in 1S73. (Mr. Onn.-"He was not dealing with matters of detail.") When ile said that the amount now named was as low as the amount in 1873 ho spoke generally. He believed that the aggregate amount was as low now as in 1873, and that the terms were less, hi 1873 the terms were 20 years' purchase on the basis of the then profits ; they were now only 154 years' purchase on the basis of the present profits. The terms were more favourable now than in 1873 In the proportion of 15. to 20. Mr. FRANCIS.-Under different conditions of revenue. Mr. BERRY.-Precisely. The net amount we should have had to pay in 1873 was £1,320,243 His. 8d. ; the net amount now, £1,320,000. He knew it might be said that there were collateral payments which would somewhat increase the amount ; but he was justified in saying, in general terms, that ina purchase of this magnitude the price now named was on a par with that named as far .back as 1873. Mr. SERVICE.-The maximum then fixed | was £75 per share ; the price agreed on now : is £80. The number of shares and the amount of the debentures were the same on both occasions. How can the gro3s amounts be the same? Mr. BERRY had -previously heard state- ments of that sort made, but he could find none of them in the speech which the Minister of Railways delivered in the session of 1873. What ho had read to the House con- tained the terms of the proposed purchase. -, Mr. SERVICE.-When was1 the speech de- livered ?" ' ' . ? Mr. BERRY.-On the ,10th October, 1873., Nothing was said aljout a minimum or a> maximum price per share. He did not wish ' to deal elaborately with the financial aspect of the question. It had already been worn almost threadbare. He had heard it asserted that the profits of the line had declined since 1876, but there were no facts to support the statement. The last balance-sheet showed that the prospects of the company' were as good, and the revenue as Inrge, novi- as they were two years ago. (Mr. CLARK. " It may be cooked.") Though this was not a matter of principle, but of policy, it was a very important one, and should be discussed fairly. (Hear, hear.) The balance-sheet for the last half-year, forwarded to him by the directora, showed a net profit of about At the time the proposal was discussed, he belieC'fd, speaking from memory, that the largest profit was lsss than £'G0,00O per annum, CO that there had been, if anything, a slight iiu'rease in the net profits since 1870. If lion.-mein'Oers looked at the money which had been expended on the line they would be entitled to say tisat it was in better condition now than it wa.."1 two years ago. (An JJ ox. MEMBER.-" eton that be proved?") We know from the*" accounts that the money had her-n oxpcn'ded. If there was any doubt about tbp ac?0|uiti, it would amount to a fraud, and vitiate the whole o' the agreement Hon members should have some grounds before they insinuated that the audited accounts had boon cooked The price at which the Government proposed te purchase waB a possible £200,000 less than we might have had to pay if we had referred the matter to arbitration m 1870, for arbi traüons always went against the Government, and in favour of private individuals or private companies It was quite possible, if the resolutions of the M Culloch Governmenl had been carried, that w e should have had te pay £200,000 moro than was asked now, and £200,000 constituted a substantial reason foi a purchase now rather than then In 187Í the net profits amounted to £44,000 , m the last half year they were tit the rate of £03,001 per annum, an increase of about 33 per cent On the other hand, the price to be paid wai about the Bame The question the House had to consider was not one of principle but simply whether it was good pobc. on the part of the state to buy tin lme, and whether the price was reasonable He had shown, at all events, that the nnci the country would be called upon to paj for the line could not be said to be unreason able, for it waa the lowest that had ever been suggested to any one in favour of purchas ing the line (Mr ORB -" No ' ) WeU, lu thoiieht tho bon member who bad inter jected would find that it was the lowest pnci ever submitted to the Assembly, and win persons outside might have said m conversa lion it was scarcely fair or pertinent to dis CUBS 1 he question, therefore, resolved itsel into that of whether it w as good or bad polio, to purchase the line He must admit thal when the matter was befoie the House pre viously he was opposed to the purchase, ant foi vei} good îeasons In the first place, tin proposal came on the House very suddenly just as it met, and whilst an election wai pending for the boiough of Sandridge, ant it was mentioned by the candidate, whe vv as also a member of the Gov emment Tin first intimation, indeed, the House liai had of the matter was in the eleetioneerm, speech of that candidate When the termi came to be known-that there was the largi mai gin between £85 and £100-it struck lion members as being something very objection able, and considering that so laige a margu was on over 10 000 snares, the House woult not have been justilicd in allowing the pm chase to go on Then theie were the poll tical circumstances of that time.which causei intense suspicion on the part of all who wert Bitting on ttie opposition side of the House lion members sitting on that side had onl; just passed through the period of the stone wall and the non hand, and they had liai such measures as the Uaibour Trust Bil beforo them There was a majortt. almost prepared to tarry anything the Go v emment proposed, and there was ni doubt a feeling of justifiable suspicior entertained by the minority He du not wish to deny to a minority now, i the« thought the circumstances suspicious the light of sajmg so, and if they thought so let them say it But apart from all that, hi had said he was opposed to the purchase and he was BtiU opposed, if it could hi averted, to the purchase of any suburbai line, chiefly because it would act undul; on the responsibility of the Governinen to extend railways m the suburbs ni held that, if the Government purchased thi Hobsons Bay Railway, they could scaicel; avoid giving railway facilities to the otho suburbs north of the city-(hear, hear)-am that was a îeason why he took the course lu did on the last occasion He shared with i good many, and still shared, the feeling tim the company had not behaved liberally ti this country, winch had behaved very liberal!: to them, and consequently there w as all tha unpopulanty resting in his mmd and those o others Under those circumstances, and a¡ thej did not look on the purchase in a com mcrcial aspect at all, they simply put thei foot on it, and said the line should not bi purchased He alBO intimated from the firs that he was m favour of connecting the Gipp: Land railway with Melbourne by means o a direct hne lion members, knew they tool the whole of last session endeavouring b: every means in their power to obtain com munication ni that direction, and that al they did, including the confeience with th( other Chamber.only resulted m failure, so tha1 at tlie end of the session they were m exactl. the same position as they were at the com- mencement When the Government ap proacbed the present session, the. had ne guarantee that they were likely to succeed any better than they did in the last The) found in fact that an obstruction had been created along the south bank of the Yarra bj the concessions of previous Governments, which acted like a stonewall against Mel bourne, and the losses that were likely to be suffered were so much that they justified anj Government m looking at the matter to see whether the objections to the purchase were not overborne by the injuries the i lony was suffering under the present circumstances That, however, would not have turned his mind to the pur chase, but he was confronted by two things of vast magnitude, which he considered rendered it necessary to get the purchase difhculty out of the way The first was, the alteration of our constitution, BO as to bnn_i it m harmony with the w ishes of the country He considered it necessary to do that, and therew as al vvajstheprospect before them thal they would have to go to the Imperial Parlia ment to get the constitution of this country altered Besides that, the. were confronted with the fact that the country districts were Btill suffering through want of railvva.s, and that those parts which had no railways were really worse off than before railwajs weie furnished to the other parts, because thpy were unfairly handicapped m getting their pioduce to market It was, therefore, neces sary that the Government should ask the Parliament to sanction a lame and compre hcnsive schemo of -railway construction in the country, and there vi as consequently the further necessity of lloating a loan in the London market Ihose two inatteis were of very laige importnnoe when compared with the question of the puichose or non purchase of the Hobsons Bay railway or of the cost of the railway to the countr) He did not wish to magnify the importance of getting the Hobsons Bay question out of the way, but he did ask lion members, and especially those on the Go\ eminent side of the House, to fairl) weigh the difficulties of the Government, who were anxious to bring the tvv o important matters he had just men tioncd to a successful conclusion Let them see how the difficulties respecting those two things would have been increased if, con tempoianeously and side by side with them m Fngland, it vi as known that the two Houses here were fighting one branch against the other with respect to bringing a railway into Melbourne w Inch had been authorised, and the loan for which was I'oated }earsago Many bon memberë must see that the Go vernment would have been injuring both im portant points of their policy if thoy had cen sented to commence a conilict about the rail w a) purchase when they could see a way out of it, and when the price to be paid would not be too much for the large and indirect advantages to be gamed by the purchase In a matter of this kind he claimed to be able to do, not what lie said two ) ears and a half ago, but what he deemed best for the circum stances of the countr) now (Hear, hear ) He knew the lion member for Williamstown had peculiar views on this question and de sired to v lew it from an entirel) local point of view, for with lum it was entire!) a Williams tow n question , but m that îespect the lion member stood alone, and ev cn he should not consider the interests of Williamstown if the) weie outweighing those of the whole colon) (Hear, hear) 'lhere was another point in w Inch the present proposal to pur chase differed from the last one, and that was that in the last there was not side b) side with it a proposal for the construction of the countr) rnilvvios, which were urgently needed The Government by their proposal now did not rob the countr} distucts of one single mile of rail« a) The) were prepared to submit to Parliament a plan of railway communication that vv ould meet all the rea sonable requiiements of the colon) for the balance of this generation He did not think it was necessary to say an) more on the meuts of the purchase, which he had put fairly before lion members, and lion members could of course vote on it as they chose He did not think that m the matter of a large mone) purchase the) should be expected to do otherwise, but he did sa) at the same time that unless bon members had some othei ground against the purchase than simpl) that it was refused two and a half )ears ago thatgiound would not be sutisfnctoi), because they must bear m mind that then the price would have been at 'least £70 000 or £80 000 and mifcht have boen i200,000more than it would be at the present time And after all he did not Biippose bon mcmbciB w ould ¡,o so f vr ns to si) the hue should not be purchased at all and at no tune m the past could it have been purchased at a less price than that pi oposed now J von if theie could be nn) loss m the purchase it was small in eompai ison vi lth tue direct loss the countr) had suffeied in the past and wus likely to suflcr in the future, if the purchase weie not etlecied He said that putei) in illation to the difficulty of betting the (ups land line to Melbourne, but he sind also th it the purchaso was a small matter m comparison with the large matters m lc-urd to the policy the Govern nient wished to carrv The question was u difficulty in the way of that pohc), and if in i commeiunl aspect the proposed purchase w ns satisfactory then on the Government side ofthe House alni! events theieoughttobeeom I roendatjon of the Government for getting th{ ' difficult} out of the way, and the question of the purchase w ould bcatcstofthe sincerity of members about reform ("No, "Hear," and loud laughter, w Inch continued for several minutes ) He was not going a step too far m what he said and would justify every word He said it w OB a test of the cohesion of a paitj-a test of whether it was possible m thiB country to have a party that would keep together long enough to carry out the measure of constitutional reform As to another ob jection any lion members might make against the purchase that the prico was too high, he said they were bound to recognise the advantages which the purchase gave the Government in a political point of vicwin the measures they wished to carry, and in the only woy it was possible they over would carry them (Hear, hear ) Mr A T Clark and Mr Lyell rose, and the Chairman called upon Mr Ljell borne lion members called out that Mr A T Clark ought to be heard, and others caUed for Mr Lyell Mr GAUNSON movel that Mr A T Clark should bo heard, and submitted that it waB not the lion member who first caught the Chairman's eje who ought to be called on, but the one who lose first, and Mr Clark was the first to call the Chairmans attention (Cries of " Yes and " No ) Mr PURVrS pointed out that the Chair man s ruling was quite correct m caUmg on the lion member whom he first saw 'Hie CHAIRMAN said it was the business of a Speaker or Chairman to call on the lion member who in his opinion, rose first Ho had done so m this instance, and it was for the committee to agree or disagree with bim as the} thought proper Mr ORR rose to second the motion that Mr Clark should be heard Aftei some further discussion on the point of order, Mr Lil LL withdrew his claim upon the Chair m favour of the lion member toi Wil hamstown Mr A 1 CLARK moved the adjournment of the debate In doing so lie w as follow mg piccisely the same course adopted by the Premier with regard to the pioposal to pur chase the railway which was submitted by Sir James M'Culloch He intended, moie over, to go further than even that If the motion were carried by a large majority, he would show that there were still a few genuine stonevv allers left m that Chamber He w ould take ev eiy possible objection to the purchas» of the hue, and would do overj thing in his powei to prevent whit was a cross job on the part of the Government being perpetrated If the proposed pur chase was a job when Submitted by Sir James M Culloch, it-was 10 times more gross when brought forward by the present Govern ment He did not know what grounds the Chief Secretaiy had for Binghng him out as one whose opposition proceeded from local reasons the purchase of the line would be a very treat advantage to the district which he (Mr Clark) repie sented , and this he was prepared to prove it necessary But supposing it w eie otheryvnsc, the Chief Secretary should not endeavour to cover Ins own inconsistency by attacking his (Mr Clarks) consistency, and by stating that his opposition was purely of a local elia racter On Tuesda} he would read several v erj ince extracts from speeches deliv ered by gentlemen now supporting the Government but who were then opposing the proposed purchase (An interjection by Mr MUNRO ) He would have quite sufficient for the lion member for Carlton Ihat lion member had once or tw ice turned his coat, and w hen ho emerged from this debate, it would be like a int coming out of water (Laughter) Hie Chief Secretary had said that this would be a test question, and would prove the sincerity or othervv ise of those who professed to be heve m the desirability of constitutional re form Mi 1 L bMYlri - niatisaii imncomue Mr CLARK knew ltwasbuncombe.butstill he thought it vv as very likely to prov e a test question with the countr) as to whether the Government lind not purposely introduced this red herring-had not throw n this discord amongst their party in order to prevent the question of constitutional reform being de cided He himself believed, and would assert, thnt if the Government did thrust the proposed purchase forward, there would be no constitutional reform at all (Minis terial erics of " No ' ) That was one ground on which he opposed the proposal Another reason was that a million and a half of the countr) s money waa to be expended for no other pnrpose than as a bribe-actually to bribe half a dozen moue) lenders to lloat a ten million loan in the London market, w lnl8t the balance was to be throw n pell mell amongst the members of the Legislative Council and their friends to make them pass a Constitutional ReformBill Itvvasrnonstrous to think that the electorates of this country must have railways carried to their very doors before they would consent to the pur chase of the Hobson's Bli) Compan) s pro pert}, thnt £10 000,000 must be circulated before a liberal Government could be allowed to retain office, and that before the) could get sufficient votes to carry out schemes which they believed iii, it was necessary that they should use a bribe On behalf of the country he denied that such a course w as necessai) lie trusted the Government would consent to nn adjournment, and quoted the standing order vi Inch related to his motion Hie) had airead) gota step furl her with the business under considera- tion than was expected by some lion mem bcrs, and he thought the Gov eminent had less reason on that account to object to his motion Mr BERRY said, if there was a general wish b) and b) for nu adjournment, he would lot object, but he would remind lion mern beisthat it was still very early m the evening, and as there was no other business on the notice paper, it would lie a great waste of time to ndjoiun at this stage Mr CLARK pointed out that the House had not full information jet with regard to the purchase llicy would be committed, amongst other things, if the Piemiers pro posai ivas caincd, to provide compensation for ev ery serv ant in the employment of the Hobsons Bay Railway Company, and it would therefore be necessary to have a letnrn of the number of those emploi/éà Vi hen that return was presented, and when all the fact« were known, it would be Been that the difference of the amount proposed to be paid b) Sir James M'Culloch ana that ofleiedb) the present Government would bo so small as to be impossible to be seen Another important item of information re Suired was with regard to the stores Su ames M'Culloch gave the House all these particular, but the onl} information sup plied to the House on this occasion was a statement signed by Messrs L) eil and Munro, winch had been circulated Mr GAUNSON advised the lion member who last spoke to avoid heated arguments if how ould exercise an) effect upon the deci- sion to be amv ed at He supported the mo tion forieporting progress, and thought the manner m which the motion for going into committee was carried was an argument why an adjournment was desirable If the Chief Secretary did force the House to consider his pioposal, m all human probability such a stonewall would be erected that he would not have the ghost of a chance of passing the measuie Mr PURVES- Two bucks will not make one stonewall (Laughter) Mr GAUNSON -In couise of time they might get that very genuine brick who had just interrupted to indulge in a little stone- walling hereafter (Mr PUBVES-"No ) No>raunwhohndnotanobliquit} of vision in the direction of the 'treasury Ucnch would fail to seo the absurdity of the decision of the Government not to report progress 0 here ought to liai e been a discussion m the House on this question On a prev lons occa sion, when the mattei of the purchase wu8 under the consideration of Pailiamenl the present Chief Secretary-then m Opposition had claimed that there ought to be a debate m the House As to the subject generall}, he should reserve his remarks for a futuie occa sion but he had no objection to sa) mg now that be was prepared to oppose the pinchase, and didn t care whethci the íesult was ostra- cism from the Liberal part) Mr BLRRY remarked that if, Inter m the da), bon members wished to adjourn the debate, the Gov eminent would not object, but it would be better to allow information on the subject to be given that afternoon It would be a waste of time to adjourn the tie bate at that stage Mr GAUNSON-We have been jockoed into going into committee before Mr GRAM -1 rise to order That ia not a proper term to use Mr 1 L SM\ 1 II hoped the lion member foi Ararat would withdraw his opposition to the continuation of the debate Mr GAUNSON disavow ed am intention of oflcnnj. factious opposition but he considered he wns entitled to follow the example bet by the Chief Secretar) when m Opposition, and of insisting on a postponement of the deb ito Ile would boprepaicd to move an amend ment, that it was most injudicious md lyunst the interests of the people of this countr) that the purchase of the Hobsons 1 ay Illiliwa} should be considered until the whole railway schemeof the Government was submitted Mr LYJ.LL explained that in desiring to speak he had wished merely to feive some in formntion to lion members concerning one or tvv o clauses m the agieement which the Chief Secretary brid inadvertently oroiftc^. Lio had, on his own responsibility, circulated ortona figures with the view of enabling hon members to see exactly what this pnr hase would cost the country Ho observed that the hon member (Mr Miraras) had pub liehcd a conflicting statement no (Mr L}ell) was prepared to Btake his seat on the correctness of his figures, and hoped the lion member would be prepared to do the same Mr ORR, v\hile opposed to the purchase of the Hobson's Bay Railway denied any inten- tion of joining in the obstructivo course in- dicated by the bon member for Ararat He believed this proposal had been brought for- ward-though he did not accuse the Govern- ment-for the purpose of defeating the re- form scheme, and he thought that the Go v emment ought not to proceed with this matter until the Reform Bill hid been dealt with This discussion would give riso to disunion and acrimony, and ho trusted the Chief Secretar} w ould consent to the adjourn- ment, and agree also to the postponement of this matter until after the Reform Bill Mr SHARPE said he could quite under- stand that if lion members w ero not prepared to discuss the Chief Secretary s speech it would be wise on the part of tho Government to allow nn adjournment But the fact was that both the lion member for Lmcrald hill and the bon member for Collingwood were prepared to speak that evening, and it was most unieasonable to ask for an adjourn ment at that earl) hour under those circum btances 'Hie bon nicmbei for Aiarat need not speak till Tuesday Mr ANDRLW said that ni his opinion it was very iinseenil} for the Government to force a discussion on this question to night It was only that evening that statements of accounts by the lion member for Emcrald lnll and the lion member for Collingwood rcspectiv el} had been laid before bon mem- bers, and those statements were diametrically opposed to each other Neither of those statements, besides, was put forward with authority, and it was to have been expected that in a matter of this importance tlio Govemment would have submitted authoritative figures to the House It was most uiibeeml}, he repeated, for the Government to force on a discussion under those circumstances, in the face of then oiv n supporters, who last session had given them sounllincliingastippoit-even on some matters on which they entertained some doubts (" Hear, hear,' and laughter from the Opposition ) It w as a very poor return for the lojalty with which their sup- porters had followed the Government Mr M'HvaYRE -Changothom (Laughter ) Mr ANDREW -We moy go from bad to worse }ct (Laughter) Another reason why this discussion should be delà) ed was that information w as not } et forthcoming as to the condition m which this railway was-the state of the lolling stock, &.c The sup fiorters of the Government vy ere asked to bo ¡lie ' old hats, and to vote for this purchase w ithout proper consideration Had the head of the Government no respect for them'' Did he not know that the) repiesented con- stituencies to which they had a duty to per form-that they ought to bung Bome little feeling of honesty to the dis charge of their public duties' Ho (Mr Andrew) could not feel justified in voting on this question w ithout being placed in posses- sion of full material on which to form a judg- ment He could not forget that one of the gentlemen who had arranged this purchoso (Mr Munro) was the same gentleman who last session was connected with the passage of the Gas Companies Bill, w Inch, although profitable to the companies, had been most disastrous to the public He ("Mr Andrew), before that bill was passed, bad privately spoken to the Chief Secretary, warning him of the danger of confiding such important in- terests to the hands of a monopoly Mr BENT -AVhy didn t you join us m stone« nlhng the bill ' Mr ANDREW said he could not sit on a mil like the lion member for Brighton (Great laughter ) Ile held strong opinions on politics, and took a decided sido-a fact which would account for his not having been able to join with that lion member (Laughter ) The disastrous result to the public of the Gas Bill caused him to look with closeness, narrowness, and suspicion on an) otlicrjiroposalregardiiigaprivatecompany put forw ard bv tile lion member for Carlton He certainly thought, therefore, the Govern- ment oufcht to atree to a postponement of tins discussion, especially w hen the íequest came fiom the Chief Secretary s own fol- low ers w ho had supportedlnm BO thoroughly '1 he Chief Secretary had used a most un called for taunt with îespect to their earnest- ness on the subject of constitutional reform -that this question was to be a test of their earnestness on that subject The fact w as. that luoking to the past, he (Mr Andrew) vns inclined to ask-\\\ as the Chiof Secretary in earnest on the question of constitutional reform ' Why was not constitutional reform the lirst thing brought forward last session' If that bud been done, it would be inincees sai) to repeat over a_,iin the struggle they had gone throuirh on the land tax question Again they had been pionnscd that constitu tional íeform was to bo the fust and only measure of this session, and he (Mr Andrew) asi ed for a satisfactory reason wh) that pledge had been departed from' VA hy had this miserable Hobsons Buy Railway squabble been drawn to the front in the beginning of the session and the gi cat question of constitutional reiorm thrown into the back ground' If the Chief Secretary was ni earnest on the subject of constitutional reform, let lum postpone this question, and let them all unite and give all their strength to that question (Hear hear j But a suspicion existed-and he confessed he shared m it-that it was felt the question of reform of the constitution would endanger too much the existence of the Govern inent and that they were not therefoie ver) willing to deal with it ( ' Oh ' ) If the) looked back in Lnglish lnstoiy they would lind that great struggles for refonn were not combined with matters affectin0 local interests but that all the efforts were directed to obtain the one gieat object Ho thought it would be verj ungracious on the pait of the Government to refuse this ad journment which was asked for in no un fiiendl) spirit b) their own supporters Mr BFNT said the lion member for West Melbourne had twitted lum with sitting on a mil-(laughter)-but he could say he never had occasion to whisper to the Chief Se cretar) and whatever he had tosa) he said openly in the House He thought this ob struction carne willi ver) bad grace fiom those w ho had been bosom friends of tho Mniistr), and some of whom would never have obtained a seat in the House but for the Chief Secretory &urel;) it was not too much to ask that ! hose gentlemen would be kind enough to listen to the statements which some 1 on members were prepared to make that m_,ht It was not proposed nor expected that a decision would b° come to that ev enmg A complaint was made that the Government had not submitted then whole íailwuy pohc), but one of the best points in the manner in which tluspioposal was put foivvard was that it could be con sideied on its merits alone (Hear, heal ) 'J hore waa one thing that ought to be borne in mind if the Government bought the Hobsons Bay Railway they would obtain some land of treat value in rimdersstieet cast of Princess bridge, and at S mdridgc land w Inch the compan) could not themselves use It would be well for the public if the) land could be made available the puce asked for the line was fair notwithstandi i" all the opposition of omnibuses and canals (Mr ORB -' Bu) the omnibuse» too ) ne would be very glad to do it if could îaise the nione)-very glad (Hear, hear) The Brighton poition of the Hobsons Bay line would m tile next six 01 seven )eois pa) at least 12 per cent if well managed lhere were plenty of persons who would start a line from South Yarra to Oakleigh to nioirow if they were allowed and the spéculation would pay well lhe Hobson s Compan) w ould be glad to hav e the chance to extend then line to Oakleigh (Hear hear ) An g\tension from Cuullield to liankston would prove very profitable and pi lv ate mdiv ¡duals would cair) it offt at once if permitted io do so It w ould he had little doubt bring in a return of 10 pet cent Some peinons objected to the conditions in the agreement that the employés of the compan) should be tal en into the sen ice of the Government this was n most nüite ous pioposal He would be ¡.lui to bee all allowances discontinued but until the) were stopped the persons employed on the Hobsons liu) line should be treated like the peisons eniplo)ed on the other lines Ile complimented the Government on the business lil e pioposal the) had submitted It had been hinted tint the persons who brought about the purchase would probpbly iccenc commission the duectors of the Hobson s Bnv Compan) were not the men to liny commissions and it would take ver) shaip persons to ¡_ct an>thing out of them J lie lion member for YA ilhamstow n could not hav e opposed the scheme in the îuteiests of his constituents for when the two lines weie united the triflic to Williamstown would he trcntl) uicienscd At present it took lum ("Ur Bent) half n Government working day to get fiom BuJiton to Y\ ii hamstov n and it often paid lum better to lose mono) than lose the time that had to be w listed on the journe) It could not be said that the members of the Government hld 1 een inconsistent for ne oclieved six of them suppoited the scheme of Su James VI Cnlloi li (Hear hear ) J he members who spoke against it did go not because they really objected to the purchase, but becanBe they wanted to obtain easy terms Mr DIXON hoped that the Government would allow the debate to bo adjourned if Ihe mcmbcrB for Ararat and Williamstown really meant to permit no piogrcss It would be a pity to waste the night m prolonging discussion Let the committee divide, so that they could ascertain whether they wanted the debate to proceed m the ordinary way or to adjourn it until next week He thought it was to be regretted that the lion member for Tmcrold hill (Mr Lyell) and the lion meinbcrforColhngvvood(Mr Miramsjhad not been permitted tomaketheir explanations He utterly objected to the suggestion of the hon member for Moira (Mr Orr) that the question of the purchase of the Hobson s Bay line should be deferred until after the con Btitutional question was settled That lion member forgot that last session when seven out of the nmo lines the Government pro posed were passed, and the Goulburn Valley line and Oakleigh line were not passed, he was anxious for the Govminent to consider those two lines Now, however, when that hon member found he had got the Goulburn lino he had no sympathy with those who desired to have the Oakleigh line passed, and the best w ty to effect that was to purchase the Hobson'a Bay line Some lion members on the Government side seemed to think they must disagree with the Government altogether if they did not get all they w anted, but the Government would soon be in a difficult position if they tried to give them al) Some hon members also seemed to think they could leave tho Government when they pleased if they did not got ever) tlicy desired 1 hey should, how ever, remem her they were not required to vote for the present proposal i f they objected to it, and ho was not sine that it was the proposal to pur chase the line that was weighing ni the mind of the lion member for Ararat but was inclined to think there was something; boyond that in the opposition that lion member was giving to the Government He believed it w as not a question of railvv n) at all with that lion memliei, and he did believ e it w as more a question ni i elation to several elections that had taken place recently that was affect mg lum lion membeis ought to look at the piesent question fiom other than a mero personal point of view 'llicy should ask themselves how, if the purchase were not effected, the Gipps land line was to be brought into "Melbourne, and whether the people of GippB Land were to be debarred for anumber of ¡eais more trom bavmgdireet commun cation with the metiopolm' Mr BritRY thought they had now aruved at a period when it was undesirable to pro long the discussion, and he would therefore now consent to progress bein,, reported He hoped that on tuesday they would resume the debate m a diilcrent spirit Reasonable time would be given to debate the question full infoimation would be given, and bon members would be at liberty to endorse or condemn the agreement with the rom pany He »rusted that at the com menrement ol a session, m which they expected to de v cry great and important work the representatives of the people would de bate the question now before them fairly and on its merits, and that after a full discussion the result would be the adoption of the reso lution m fav our of the purchase Mr A T CLARK was anxious that an ad journment should take place for more than one reason On Tuesday he hoped the Chief Secretary w ould giv e a statement, not only of the value ol the purchase, the traffic, manage ment, and all mntteis of detail, but v.ould also inform the committee whether the purchase would piovide a suitable sito for a central railway station, and furnish a general report from the engineer in chief and other officers The committee had no information whatev er from any of theBe officers, and in the absence ofsHch reports, were they to be expected to assume for instance that the same amount would be requued for îepairs as was e3ti mated on a former occasion by Mr Higin botham ' He (Mr Clark) did not purpose opposing the purchase from a commercial point of view, but he thought the committee w as fully entitled to full and positiv e informa bon on that point His intention was to test the House on 1 uesduy upon the question whether or not it was desirable to proceed with constitutional reform at once With lenard to stone walling the Chief decretar) s proposal such a proccedm" could have no efiect, fur the baois of the agreement v a^ that if a majority of the Assenibly npproved of the purchase, that parchase would be completed ho action he or any minont) mifcht take could, therefore, have the shf-htest efiect He alwa)S considered that a majont) of that Chamber w is quite capa ble of f>ettlm0 the business of the county for good or bad This was to be done with the matter under consideration for one dif feienee between fen James M Culloch s pro po-al and that now submitted wai that the lormei had to be nppioved of by both Houses of Pailnmcnt whilst the latter onl) re quired the concurrence of a majority of the Assembly Mi UL-\j(U said the fion memdcr was wrong, as the wording of the two agieenicnts was picciscl) the same Mr CLARK knew he was not wrong, and lie emphasised the fact that the moment a majority of the Assembly a.rced to the reso lution, the pinchase was binding on the Go v eminent, und through them on the countr) In these circumstances, he thought it bettet that as much h-ht as possible should be thiown uiion the subject, and that lion members should be satisfied that they w ero going to make a i,ood bai0ain With repaid to the v otmg when the proposed purchase was submitted on a fonner occasion, the then Opposition voted for the lion member foi Bu-htoiis proposal to buy at £S0 per share m 01 der to prev ent the purchase, as Sir James VI Culloch had distinctly stated that if the v ote for £S0 w eie carried, the Gov eminent would consider the negotiations at an end Mr GAliNSON contended that the £80 amendment m the last Parliament was voted for b) the Opposition of the da) on the un deictanding that its adoption would lead to the abandonment of the proposed pinchase On that occasion the present Pioinier mov ed an amendment,declaring it was not desirable that the Government should purchase the undertaking, and the hon member for St Kilda (Mr Dixon) hadn't the courage to re cold his vote, although he was in favour of the purchase, but stn) ed outside (Mi DIXON-"'1 hat s not so ) In Jul) last) ear, after the general election, the Chief Sccietaiy saul, speaking on the Railway Rill, "The fact that the eouutryhadalmostunanimousl) condemned the pinchase of the Melbourne and Hobson s Bay Railway ought to be de cisne upon the question " Mr h\ 1 LL remarked that the lion mern ber for Collingwood (Mr Minims) and lum self had both submitted calcul itions concern ing the compnii) s undeitnking There was a material diUcrencc between their cjilcula tioi s, md both could not be right He there fore invited the lion member to go with lura before the audit commissioners, or any com pctcnt ¡uithoiil) the lion member might choose, so that they could both state their case, and ascertain who was light Mr MUNRO stated, in rcgudto a remark of the lion member foi V\ illiainstown, that the 12th clause of the old and the 11th of the present agreements vv ere precisely the same Mr COOP! R asked the Chief Secretary to suppl) lion members before'tuesday with the data on the subject at the disposal of the Government Mr ORR suggested that the bon member for I mernie! hill and the lion member for Collingwood should take their respective statements, and sit upon them (Laughter ) If theyrequiied assistance, the senior partnei of the firm of negotiators would doubtless icndei it Iho motion was agieed to, and piogress was repoited, the committee to sit again on 'i ucsdn) 'Hie House adjourned at ii minutes past 9 o'clock until 'tuesday. 