t'fk' OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, September 3. Yesterday was a fine day for the Eight Hours' celebration, and some ten thousand celebratists in all are estimated to have turned out for a day's pleasure. There were three distinct parties-the pioneers of the movement at Port Adelaide, who, to the number of about 3,000, went in the steamers Adelaide and Eleanor to spend a jolly day on Torrens Island ; a separate purty of 1,300 or 1,400 made up a picnic to Gaskmore Part, the residence of Mr. H. A. Short; and the largest gathering of all took place on the Exhibition Grounds, where about 6,000 assembled. There was a concert, followed by a ball, at the Town Hall, Adelaide, in the evening. The day seems to have been thoroughly enjoyed by those who went holiday making ; the usual sports, with some few novelties, being carried out everywhere with great zest. Bands of music accompanied the parties, and dancing was in dulged in by hundreds of young couples during the day. Several very handsome banners were carried in the procession through the city, that of the masons being a particularly grand one . it cost over £70. I saw three natives marching along Bundle-street in the moniiDg with a yellow banner between two poles, which I sup pose had been given to amuse them. Their following was not great, but they seemed very well pleased as they proceeded in the direction of the Exhibition Building. Tho Exhibition Building is a place well-known to most of the residents in Adelaide, but rows of offices iu various streets, known as Smith's Buildings Jones's Buildings, Brown's Chambers, and Robinson's Chambers, are becoming so com mon as to be quite confusing, puzzling almost the letter carriers and telegraph hoys. I think while every man has a perfect right to immortalize his name by attaching ?t in perpetuity to his property it would be a great improvement if, in addition, the system of street numbers were kept up, thus John Smith, Jones's Buildings, No. 22 Waymoutli-street,'' and so on. Many of these buildings are so much alike that it is not easy to remember them sufficiently well for identification. Sometimes as most of us have found iu our experience persons resemble each other rather awkwardly under certain circumstances. I have just been told that a geutleman has lately made his appearance iu Adelaide so much like one who left here in cloudy weather about ten years ago, that some friends of the original man have gone up to and addressed the new man by the narno of the old one, but he does not acknowledge the patronymic. It is rather singular though, the name lie goes by is the'same its the maiden name of the former man's wife. Some persous who knew the original swear the recent arrival is the same, so there seems to be the makings of a comedy of errors. I have not heard of anything being discovered about the missing man Myles Cavenagh, who disappeared so mysteriously a year ami eight months ago. It sometimes happened when tho Victorian diggings were at their beat that persons disappeared Irom Ade laide and were afterwards reported to be dead ; yet, after a convenient lapse of time, I have' known some of them return to the scene of their former toils and sorrows, "not like thin ghosts or disembodied creatures, but with their flesh and bones and limbs and features." Truly " there are more things in heaven, and earth too, than are dreamed of in our philosophy." It is satisfactory to note that there is some little chance of another attempt being made to opeu King-William street once more through the centre of Victoria Square. Councillor Jones (not the political bill-sticker) moved at a recent meeting of the Corporation that a poll of the citizens sliould be taken on the question. The matter lias been postponed for a fortnight, so that legal opinion may be taken as to whether there can be a poll, unless it has first been demanded nt a public meeting of the citizens after a show of hands has been takeu. If, however, this very vital point should be decided against the poll, it need ,'not altogether cause the matrer to be (helved, as, if the citizens desire it, as it is to be hoped they do, it is in their power to move in another way-to peiition or get the matter brought forward again in the Council. In the opiuion of nmuy persons the closing of the street through the square was as illegal ns the attempt which was bo strongly and effectually resisted eight and MVcmy years ago to erect u cathedral lit tlic square, A strong argument in favor of opening Victoria Square from north to south 'is that it is already open from east to west j but as King William-street, which runs in the former direction, is so much more impor tant a street than Wakefield-street, it is of still more consequence that the square should not form any obstruction to the continuous Hue of the street. If open from North to South Ter race it would add greatly to the appearance of the city, and King William-street would be one of the handsomest thoroughfares in any colonial city. It is earnestly to be hoped that it will be re-opened before long. The Adelaide and Suburban Tramway is steadily and satisfactorily progressing. The num bers conveyed between the city and Kensington last week were 16,581, the largest number yet, except in the week when the Prince's Birthday brought so many holiday makers. The success of this, our first street tramway, will probably iuduce the extension of similar lines to other suburbs, as MagilJ, Puyueham, Enfield, Walker ville, &o.; Tbe first rail of the Unley and Mitcham line was laid on Monday by Mr. T. Kiug, 31.P., and the Hindmarsh line is to be commenced soon. As often happens, the first that starts is more costly in its establishment than others that follow, and probably this will prove the case with our local tramways. But even at the present rate the Adelaide and Suburban are making about 7h per cent, over and above working expenses and cost of main tenance, and I have no doubt they will soon in crease their profits to 10 per cent. It has so far been a very expensive line, quite as much so as a light locomotive railway. It will be a fine thing when we get tramways laid front the city to the foot of the hills, so that persons can, with less difficulty, have their dwellings four or five miles out of . town, and go home to purer fresher air than can be found in the city. In one of our beautiful suburbs, Mr. A. B. Murray has promised to let on a long lease, at a peppercorn rent, a fine piece of land-some six or eight acres-as a recreation ground for the in habitants of Magill and its neighborhood. The^ wool season seems likely to be early thi®' year. A week or more ago two huudred bales were brought down the Murray to Goolwa, aud within the past few days a small cargo was received at Port Adelaide from the Western Dis trict, and some dray loads have come down from the North-Kast (Oulnina; to the Burra. The clip generally promises to be very good. The wheat also is generally said to look exceedingly well, but from two or three places there are reports of red rust in self-sown crops and wild oats (serve 'em right), and of "take all" about Mnllaln. I think it is too early for genuine red rust, such as would affect the grain of wheat. We shall soon be wanting more rain, and there are already indications of an approach ing change of weather. The Western Australians are about to send out their bold and successful explorer, Mr. Forrest, again from Perth to try tho country in a north-easterly direction^ and" they anticipate some important discoveries will be made. A' party is also about to start from Port Danviiiin search of country in the Northern Territory for rung for Sir Thomas Elder. We shall ere long find our knowledge of this great con tinent increasing far more rapidly tlmn it has yet done. If the more liberal regulations introduced I»y flic Govenimeiifc for encouraging the settlement of the country are carried the progress of discovery will be more marked, and as settlement is pushed further into the interior so many fresh starting points will be established .from which to send out new expeditious, or which will form depots for future explorinT parties. , ° Tuesday, next weok, is the day for the election of four members for the Legislative Council. The interest displayed iu the contest is not at present very exciting, but it may warm up a little before the 10th. I ain not a sporting man, but I should feel tolerably safe in betting on two of the candidates, Mr. Henry Scott and Mr. John Hodgkis?, and after them I should , not like to lay long odds as to who the other two will be. There are several good men to choose from, and we can only hope thnt the best will he returned. Theelection for a member for Noarlunga, in place of,the Hon. John Colton, seems to be exciting comparatively little interest at present. The only two. men whose name3 have as yet been publicly mentioned are the irrepressible James Jones, Hill- sticker, and Mr. J. C. Minns, the latter of whom has received a numerously signed requisition from tho district, but is taking a day or two to consider his reply. I. expect some pretty good local man will be brought fonrard, or if not, two or three others will be asked or offer their services. There is to be a meeting at Noarlunga on Wednesday evening, and I may be able to telegraph jrou fouietliiug more qu 