Literary Coincidences. THE more remarkable instances which follow are coincidences of words. Of these not only are two authors inspired with precisely the same idea, but also with exactly the same expression. Not only are the features the same, but they are ' set in Ihe same proportion Amidst infinite possibilities of combination of color these authors , have by the strangest chance painted their con • ception in one and the same tint. Pope, in an epitaph on Fenton, that right honest person, fat and indolent, commences thus— This riwlest stone, what few v^iii marble* an, . May truly iay, litre lUs an lumut i,ia,i. , | Curiously enough, CrashaW, m, an epitaph also, : and also at the beginning of it, wrote concerning Mr. Ashton, a "conformable citizen, by which term he seems tq mean what we call a confer | j...... The modent front of thi* small floor, ... Believe me, reader, can toy. more ' ■' •' Than many a braver marble can. ,i ■• Here lUt a truly konett ween. Drydenj In an elegy on Anne Killigrew, one of j the maids of honor of the Duchess of York, a young lady who was remarkable alike for her • poems and pioturea, at whose birth the most ! maUoious pfameta were in trine, and who died of smallpox at the age of twenty-fire, says— ; Henrif was more than man, her innocence a child. i Pope mousing the c|eatb of Qay, calls him— ■ In wit a mqn, sirapUoity a child— \ a .v*rj frigid commendation, says Or. Johnson. t TohaTe the wit of a man is not much for a poet, i though to have more than the wit of a man was a circumstance worth mentioning in what old \ Wood contemptuously calls " womankind.'' I Among many other surprising verbal similarities 'in the " Essay on Man, is the well-known line— i • ■ . Bee tnanfov mine, replies a pampered goose, \ which recall* Cowley in his " Plagues of Egypt"— No creature but might since say, Man U mine. '■ Wor b Pope's "proper study of mankind is man" ' unlike Chaßon'flMnthnentinhis"2)e&i;«a£a<c" — la vrait itud dt I'homme c"tst I'hommt. (The coincidences) of expression with preceding ; authors, in the "Essays on Criticism were so ' numerous as to induce Lady Mary W. Montagu to declare that it was "all stolen." This amiable woman forgot that U$ grand* upriU touvttU te rencontmU. Pope merely thought by chance, like Cowley and Bolinbroke, and accidentally wrote like Dryden and Boileau. Blair tells us how the good that was scorned by man soon after its crea tion stalked of reluctant like an ill- used ghost not to return, or, if it did, its vititt weie 1 Like those of anytU, short mad far between. The reader may imagine the distress of the Rev. Robert Blair, when some good-natured friend called to his notice a Rev. John Norris, who died about the time Blair was born, and had left in a printed book his opinion that the most exquisite and strongest joys soonest take their flight, and are, Like angelt' vititi, tkort. But what was the distress of the devont Blair compared with that of the convivial Campbell, who, after requesting every joy to cease to glim mer in his mind, so long as the light of hope was left, informs the public that his own winged hours of bliss have been Like cmgtl vitiU, ftw and Jar bttxteen. Sorely not unmixed with a little natural anger wms his sorrow when he had learned that he had cfimbed " the hill that braves the stars " in steps cut by another, that his own pretty sentiment had been sung before him, aud without being spoilt by something almost approaching a pleonasm. Well may the bard of Theodoric have exclaimed with Donatut, Jerome's tutor, and the primum mobile of primers, " Ptreant illi gui ante not nottra dixeruntf" Especially when they have said them better than ourselves.— (JornhiU Magazine. " Editojq a Pap£R," declares a Transatlantic editor, "is a nice business. If we publish jokes, people say we are rattle-headed. If we omit jokes, they say we are an old fossil. If we publish original matter, they blame us for not giving selections. If we publish selections, folks e»y we are lazy for not writing something they Jsave not read in some other paper. If we give a man a complimentary notice, we are censured for being partial. If wo do not give complimen tary notices, folks say we are a bog. If wo do not cater fot the wishes of the ladies, the paper is not fit to tie up a parcel. If we remain in our office and do our business, folks say we are too proud to mingle with our fellows. If we go out they say we never attend to our business. I' we do not pay our bills promptly, folks say we are not to be trusted. If we wear poor clothes, folks say business is bad. If we wear good clothes, they say we never paid for them. If ow what are we to do? 