EGYPT AND MIDIAK Ccptam Br.rtoa s expedition into tha Land ox Midian has resulted in a series or important and interesii-sg discoveries. To most people that part of the world is only familiar through its connection with Scripture history. It i3 pretty well known that when for prudential reasons Moses quitted Egypt in the first instance he found a home there, and by marriage formed an influential connection. Nothing, however, in this part of his career indi cates that the country was famous for its mineral resources. The father-in-law of the Hebrew exile, indeed, seems to have been a squatter, and the only hints that Midian was a mining district occur considerably later on in the narrative. Towards the end of the desert-wanderings of the Israelites, Mirii»nitfah temptations brought upon them severe calamities, and war was resolved upon. An expedi tionary force of 12,000 men was sent out under the leadership of Phinehas, which did its work with the thoroughness of ancient warfare. The Kings of Midian were slain, their cities and 'goodly castle3' burnt, and an immense booty captured. In the arrangements for the disposal of the spoil we come across evidence of metallic wealth and skill. Special reference is made to ' the gold, and the silver, and the brass, the iron, the tiu, and the lead.' This enumeration is of itself suggestive, but further mention is made of ' jewels of gold, chains, and bracelets, rings, earrings, and tablets ;' and this wrought jewellery was ordered to be brought into the tabernacle for a memorial. It is quite easy to under stand that this foray must have temporarily suspended mining opera tions, for the brief but stern record is ' they slew all the males.' Beyond the fact that several centuries later the Bame mines were worked by the Romans com paratively little is known either of the history or resources of the country. For ages past it has beeu almost buried in oblivion. Lying to the east of the Red Sea it is off the main highways of civiliza tion. Belonging in some incomprehensible way to Egypt it has been habitually neglected and lost sight of ; its wild and savage scenery, and scarcely less wild and savage inhabitants, have proved deterrents to the ordinary explorer more than suffi cient to counterbalance the attractions of its ruined cities, half-worked mines, and other relics of bygone times. Now, how ever, Captain Burton has dispersed some of the obscurity which surrounds it, and there appears strong probability that it may afford a profitable field for British capital and enterprise. The expedition, which was undertaken at the expense of the Khedive, consisted of eight Europeans,, three Egyptian officers of the staff and two of the line, 25 soldiers, 30 miners, 10 mules, and about 100 camels. It was absent some four months, during which its travels and explorations extended over about 2,500 miles. Some thing like 30 ruined cities, once great and prosperous, but now utterly laid waste, were visited, and specimens of almost all kinds — amounting to 25 tons — wore brought back as tangible evidence of the important discoveries which had been made. The country extends from the 25th to the 29th degree of latitude on the eastern coast of the Red Sea. Three excursions inland were made, all of which were productive of valuable results. Northern Midian had been visited by Cap tain Burton in the previous year, but the mines there were reinspected, and a week spent at the port, Maknd, in exaininingaud extracting the veins of silver with which the quartz is threaded. Masses of argen tiferous rock yielding a high percentage are described as being close to the shore. The second excursion was directed east ward from Niowilah with a view of ascer taining the longitudinal breadth of the metalliferous country. It was menaced by a semi-Egyptian tribe, which under ap parent friendliness plotted hostile designs, but it escaped the snare without blood shed. Turning to the south-east, traces of mining operations on a vast scale were met with. Among the unveiled wonders were the ruins of one city, which with its suburbs covered four mile3, and was evidently a city of workmen ; and of mother city a few miles south, which was judged to have been the residence of mine-owners and other wealthy inhabitants, Aqueducts care fully built v.ith cement, broken catacombs, luruaccs, snafts, and ruinous traces of mining operations attested that these barren and almo3t desolate wild3 were once a hive of industry and a source of wealth. Even the manner of treating the ore wa3 ascertained by cxanrning the furnaces, but either the ancient miners or more modern depre dators bad removed all trace of the metals themselves. The third excursion, which was directed still further south, proved the moat remunerative. Instead of silver and copper mining, auriferous deposits and the remains of extensive gold-min; form the centre of interest. The workings were spread over a vast e&tent; of country, and though iu some places they had fallen in there was no difficulty in understanding the scientific manner in which the old miners had pro secuted their labours. The land is de scribed as having been once evidently as rich and prosperous as mining could make it, but as having become the very picture of dreary desolation. Among other relics interesting to the antiquarian and archaeologist the ruins of a beautiful little temple, built of white and variegated alabaster, end fragments of columns, bases, and capitals, all of alabaster, cut in the simplest and purest style of Greek art, were met with. In addition to the precious metals, copper and alabaster quarries, turquoise mines — soiae.tf which are still scratched by the Arabs — chalcedony, sulphur, rock salt, and salt lakes were found in one or other of the excursions. Th? numerous cases of specimens con tain something of interest for every body. Coins, inscriptions, remains of worked stones, fragments of glass, pottery, and smelted metals, with maps and plans of tie whole country, giving the sites of many long-forgotten citie3, will interest the ethnologist and the historian. Geological specimens illus trative of the general formation of the land, and specimena of auriferous, argenti ferous, and cupriferous ore have mnch ir.ore than a mere scientific value. Ths natural featare3 of the country aiv by no me&nt; devoid of interest, ex cept to those who are in search of the picturesque, and the inhabitants, what there are of them, are in keeping ; but there seems no reason to doubt that a promising field is open for courageous skill and wisely-directed enterprise What effect these discoveries will have on Egypt cannot be ascer tained till their practical value has been thoroughly tested. Since the British Government became part owner of tho Suez Canal, Egyptian financial affairs have concerned the nation as a wholo in a manner which used only to bo felt by tho bondholder. Moreover, tho belief is pretty general on the continent of Europa that Eooner or later an English occupation of Egypt Js inevitable. By most English men it would be far more satisfactory wero the Khedive by some means enabled to fulfil his obligations, and free tho country from the tremendous incubus of debt which presses so heavily upon his people Glowing pictures are already drawn of tho tide of wealth which is to flow into tho Egyptian treasury from the mines of Midian, but iu all probability tho reality will fall far short of tho anticipation. Doubtless tho moro perfect methods of modern scienco will be able to profitably reopen abandoned, workings of olden time, and these are * apparently so immense that sanguine expectations aro justifiable. |Tho diffi culties and drawbacks, however, aro by no means inconsiderable. From tho character of the scattered population military protection must be accorded to miners. Tho country is no El Dorado, where any one can go and pick up wealth. Effective government must be esta blished before anything can be done, and even then the work must bo prosecuted by those who havo both capital and science at their command. It is not improbable that Captain Burton's explorations may furnish an answer to tho confessedly difficult question whence King Solomon obtained his vast treasures of gold and silver — all whoso drinking vessels were of gold, 'none were of silver, it was nothing accounted of in the dayB of Solomon. ' But it is scarcely likely that a similar state of things will occur during the rule of Ismail of Egypt Since he ascended the vico regal throne the Khedive has accu mulated a public debt of £80,000,000. In order to maintain his expansive Ad ministration and to meet the interest on this large sum, very much of which is owing to English capitalists, tho resources of the country are taxed almost to tho uttermost. The bondholder has tho miserable consciousness of knowing that o satisfy his just claims the wretchel inhabitants are ground under tho heel of an unscrupulous despot. Even with tho enormous pressure put on there are con stant nunoura of repudiation. Jt would be a decided relief were a now and potent source of revenue to bo oponod up. Should tho mines in tho Land of Midian be able to furnish such a royalty to tho Government as would replenish its exchequer some of tho strain would be taken oil'. This is not impos sible. Whether it proves to bo tho fact or not, Captain Burton's expedition will havo largely added to our knowledge of a region and a period the interest of which is Ecarcely exceeded by its past obscurity. English Mail Signals. — Mr. Todd has arranged a fresh set of signals to note the arrival and departure of the English mail steamers at Albany, Cape Borda, and Glenelg, as follows :— Iii ward Mail. — Day Signals Arrived at Albany, a red flag with A in tho centre ; off Cnpe Borda, a red pennnut with B in the centre ; in s'ght or anchored off Glenelg, a blue-and-white chequered or rendezvous flag. Night Signals— Off Capo Borda, a green light: off or authored ut Gleuelg, a red light. Out ward Mail.— Off Cnpo Jervia, a blue Hag with J in the centre ; anchored at Qlenelg, 1*. k O. house flag. At the West-terrace Sigu.il Station no signal will bo liois^-d till the stentner is in night, when the following signals will bo ex hibited : — Inwanl Midi. — Blue-and-white chequered or rendezvous flag. Outward Mail. ? P. & O. house flag. The Hockds.— The hounds will throw off from Birksgate, Glen Osmond, this afternoon. Match's Cokceht.— The usual Saturdjy even ing concert will take place this evening at tho Town Hall. TrpoaRArHicAL Societt.— The annual meet ing of this Society will be held this evening at the Labour League Hall, Hindley-street. St. Baktholomhw's School.— Tho founda tion-stone of this school will bo laid this after noon hy the Hon. Neville Blyth. Sigmob Giokza's Concert.— On Thursday next SJgnor Giorza will give in tho Town Hal1 a piano recital and concert, assisted hy Sir. nnd Mrs. G. Kobertsou, lit. Mumme, and Mr. Real EA.M. Chwa Famine Belief Fuj»d.— This Fand h u now reached £1,314 0s. 7d. Thb City Bcbvetoh.— We are informed that Mr. Hyndman, the City Surveyor, lies in a critical condition, suffering from a dangerous disease. Tfb Lady Diana.— This steamer, which had been aground from the previous Sunday night in the Port Stream, was floated off on Thursday, July 25, and returned to Fort Adelaide. Tax Chops in tub Nohtil— From all parts of tlw North the crops are reported to bo looking well, and should present prospects bo upheld a heavy yield is generally anticipated. Semaphore a.nd Glakvillb.— On Monday next the water will be shut off in those dUtricts during the hours of 1 and 2 in the afternoon. Tee Late Mb. Pciujt.— We regret to auuouuca the death of Mr. Win. Purdy, the Manager of the Bank ot South Australia in London. Tho news was received hj telegram on Friday morning, stating that he died »ndrfenly on Thursday, July 25. Mr. Pnrdy firat Wcamo Associated with tho Bank hy hi* connec tion with the South Australian Com pany, which whs organized in London. li 1S41 there wes a hep:iri-tion between the Com pany and the Bunk, ard Mr. Edmund Wheeler being appoiutcd Manager of tha hitter Mr. Purdy joined him. In 1?52 ho succeeded that gentle man ; and he hna held the position ever since, bting a period cf 20 years, his service in connec tion with the two Corporations having extender] over 40 yean. Mr. Purdy was born iu 1 821, and would thus be 54 yetnj of age at hi* death. Although the deceased gentleman had never visited the ooloniui he took a very lively interest in coloninl nffnirs and especially in matters affectiug Sonth Australia. Returning colonists ?were generally soopht out by him, and his prac tical i;mp&thy; with the colonies generally was shown by his earnest advocacy in the London Press of a fortnightly mail between EuglandAiud Australia. ' . L Trial of GnctBiiio Machines.— The Roy*. Agricultural and Horticultural Society intend holding a tiiisl of grubbing machines especially aclaptwl for clearing mulleo and peppermint, in cr-nipetitku for the Donu« of £200 offered by the Government, on the property of Mr. O. E»g li'f«, EMigbroo Flit, near Gawler, on Sep te'i-ljir 3. ^;u Telegraphic Conference in London. — Seme time ago it was decided by the Imperial Govern ment that a Conference of the various tele graphic administrations, including those of the Australian Colonies, should be held in London on the 1st July of this year ; but the English Government in April last decided to postpone the meeting until June 2, 1879, because it was felt that there was not sufficient time before the 1st July to formulate and examine the important propositions of reducing the tariffs of which notice was given ; also because it was thought that the Conference would follow too closely the Postal Congress, the sittings of which were to commence on the 1st proximo ; and further because of the unsettled state of affairs on the Continent. South Australia will be represented, and should not the Agent-General be appointed to act at the Conference in all probability Mr. Chas. Todd, C.M.G., Postmaster-General and Superintendent of Telegraphs, will be selected. Sale of Freehold ahd Leasehold Peo febtibs. — Mr. J. H. Parr, with Messrs. Listen, Shakes, k Co., held an important Bale of free hold aid leoehold projarties, with 46,296 sheep, at White's Booms, on Friday, July 26, by order of the executors and executrix of the late John and Alfred Halleli. There was a large atten dance of buyers, and the property was all cold. The Winnininnie Station, 100 miles north east of the Buria, with improvements, and con taining about 335 square miles and running 22,939 sheep, wsi bought by Messrs. Home and Stirling at 27a. 6d. per head. The Mutooroo Kun, containing 531 square miles, about 70 miles east of Winnininnie, on the Barrier Range, was »old with improvement for £11 5s. per square ni'le, Mr. B. Barr Smith being the buyer. The ?\Yandillah Estate of 14,146 acres of ireehold, situated atDut five milej north of Kooringa, was ? )Id for £3 Is. per acre without sueep, the movables to be taken at a valuation. Mr. E. Bowman was the purchaser. Mr. H. Diwson bought the CaroomRur, comprising 165 square miles, lyrag near Kooringa and having 23,357 sheep, at I4z. per head. On another account Mr. Parr offered Lease No. 2214, Cbsss C, in llutooico, 107 square miles, which was Lnocked down to Mr. B. Barr Smith. Adelaide and Scbcpbas Tramway Cosi r/i-T. — At a special meeting of th;.s Company i: was rf solved to increase the capital by the issue of 3,000 new £5 shares. This amount will be required for the smpletion of the line to North Adelaide, and was rendered necessary by the large and unexpected amount which the Com pany had had to pay for metalling the streets and the increased cost of horses, land, &c;, above the original estimates. It was stated that the traffic returns up to date were very satisfactory, and when an additional 10 or 15 horses were procured it was expected with the extra trifs which would be made that the traffic would be doubled. Sihciaib & Son's Iksolvekct. — Thomas Sinclair, of tbe imolvent firm of J. M. Sinclair and San, we? further examined on Friday by Mr. A. G. Downer, on behalf of the assignees, before the Commissioner of Insolvency. The examination was as to cerhin details of a sup plemental y character to the information already elicited by the Cfficiil Accountant in his repeat to the Court. It will be continued on Tuesday rext at 11 o'clock. Mb. Varlbi's Services. — Ihe closing meetings in connection with Mr. Henry Varlej's visit to Adelaide are now being held, arid bis last sermon in the Town Hall will be preached to-morrow evening. On Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday evenings services were conducted in the Town Hall, and on Friday evening Mr. Varley preached in the Flinders-street Presbyterian Church. Notwith sfc'ndirg the rainy weather, the services have been very well attended, nearly a thousand p* rsons being present each evening in the Town Hall. The noonday prayer meetings have been h«ld ss usual, and ob four afternoons 'Bible Headings' have been conducted in the Pirie street \VesIeyan Lecture Hall, the room being filled on each occasion. At one of these smaller meetings 'thank - offerings' for blessings received during the services were given to the amonnt of £52. The collection on Sunday evening in the Town Hall, when there were 1,500 people present, yielded £37. These amounts go towards piying for the cost of the Town Hall, which has been occupied several evenings per week for over two months past. The expenses connected with the services — rent of Hall, advertising, &c.; — have amounted to about £250, towards ?which about £230 has been given by those who profesi to have been benefited by what they have heard from the lips of the evangelist. Ou Monday next Mr. Varley intends goinj to Kapnnda ; on Tuesday en 'all-day' meeting is to be held in Adelaide, followed by a farewell tea. Sir. Valley then intends paying a three days' visit to Gawler, returning to Adelaide in time for tbe following Sunday, when he will preach a special sermon for the Flinders-street Baptists. About the middle of the same week he has arranged to leave for the South-East en route to Melbourne. It is not likely he will return to England for some time yet, hia intention being to make another stay in Melbourne and other Victorian towns, and thence to go to New Sonth Wales for a season. It is a fact worthy of mention that the attendances at Mr. Valley's meetings have increased rather than decreased week after week, and that during the last few Sunday evenings every available seat in the Town Hall has been occupied. VHXBCII OF .bXGIJLXD AT THE BESIAFHOttK.— A correspondent semis va the following :— 'The Committee of the Church of England at the Semaphore have bad very forcibly brought before them the necessity of commencing the building of their church as soon as passible. The attendance at the services held twice a day every Sunday is so great, and will iucrei.se so much more when tbe church building is an accomplished fact, that the question has had to be faced, and in consequence steps will b3 at once riken towards commencing the work. A portion of a complete design will be begun as soon £3 possible, and the Committee will have to f nd accommodation for from 250 to 300 persons in that part first built, while the whole build ing will probably have to be completed before long to meet the growing want.' ? xeb ixiTE .bishop oELwTs. — mere are many stories current about the hfce Bishop Selwjii, and all tend in the seme direction. Here is one (says a writer in May fair) I heard some years ago from his onalipi. It ws* simply told in illustration of the possibility of a naturally helpless man overcoming the difficulties of suddenly fiudirj himself placed in charge of young children. During one of his expsditions along the ccast of New Zealand, Dr. Selwjn had given a passage to a woman who had with her a baby just weaned. The voyage was rough, and sho became absolutely prostrate with sea sickness. The baby remained preternaturally lively, and the question, ' what to do with it,' became one of serious concern for the officer* and crew. Dr. Selwyn eolved the difficulty by taking the child under his own care. There was an apprentice on board, who took naturally to children, and he was installed as under-nur*e. 'The voyage lasted 11 days,' the Bishop sail, 'during which time the mother was wholly incapable of doing anything. I had not mash idea what to do with the baby, bnt with the n; distance of Tom we got along splendidly, and nt the end of the voyage our chief difficulty wes to get baby to go back to its mother.' Disabilities of Residents \ is Oocstrt Districts. — An aged man (82) (remarks the IIP. Advertiser), who had gradually declined in health, died a day or two ago at Kulpara. Ht had had only one medical attendant, who had removed from the district. There was there fore no one at band to give a medical certificate as to cause of death, and the locality was distant from the nearest Justice of the Pcice 14 miles. Telegtams were sent to the doctor ; hoar after hour of waiting followed without a re sponse ; ultimately the aid of the police was invoked, and a trip for magistrate and police trooper of 23 miles became necessary ta parmit of the interment. Db. Bradford's Cash.— In reference to the incarceration of Dr. Bradford for contempt of the Supreme Court in marrying Mi*» E. M. Ware without the permission -of the Court, Mr Justice Molesworth (says the Argvs) intimated the terms of the settlement which ha wisheU made before releasing Dr. Bradford. These terms were tint the income of the i,ropertv sfcovlil I;- p-.i-! to Mrs. Iii-iniford Jurm* berHfe: tbat she slieuM be :it liberty to divid* the r-ro* perty ptjoejj her children as she pJivw.*! Hv .i,;_-! or ?will; that it she died intestate a&l; wkivj'it having made aay disposition of the property, an 1 if her children had uiid. the proper;y was to $?- to her next of kin. c\c!u«iing Dr. Bruit jr.i: m the evtnt of her sarvirin~ her hus'rau.l s«^ »».«s to dispose of the property £3 s!w ylva*s 1. As soon as a settlement his be^a prepared on tho basis of this direction an 8ppli-ntio3 wiil hs nwde for Dr. Bradford's discharge. Legal. — 3Ir. C. M.MuirheatT, who h« re.r'ntJr been admitted to the Bar, has b?gun practise oa his own account. Mb. Law's Benefit.— As far as theatrical ex perisMs* In these colonies hu extended— and we can oaegntulats uarselves on the fact that we have evinced 'sufficient recognition of talent to induce many of the prominent stage represen tative, to visit our shores — it must be unre servedly said that in his special line of business Mr. Leon — whose wonderful performances have delighted crowded audiences here for the last month — is inimitable. He has proved himself to be a first-class burlesque actor, and the greater credit has to be accorded him considering that he has had to acquit himself in female characters. In everything be has performed here he has thoroughly astonished his audiences by his singularly natural and effective representations. All his femi nine persoaations have been coloured by becoming naivete and archness, every gesture and action of the adorable ones being taken off to perfection. The theatre-going public having recognised him as a speciality performer un equalled in his forte, whose every effort could not fail to be pleasing, it was only natural to expect that they would muster in strong force on his benefit night. The weather on Friday evening was anything but propitious for the occasion — the influences of the home fire side should have been sufficiently inviting to prevent any one venturing out of doors on such a cheerless night — yet the attractions at White's Booms and the even!; which gave rise to them seemed to be strong enough to tempt from home a sufficient number to crowd the hall in every part The pro gramme presented was -ne of the best of the season, and of course the numerous auditors were pleased beyond measure. Every member of the efficient company appeared to the best advan tage- The burlesque which concluded the evenirg's entertainment, entitled ' The Pretty Detective,' was extremely mirth -provoking. This piece afforded the beneficiare an oppc .-tunity of displaying his versatility, as he had to apperr in four different characters, each of which he sustained with credit to himself. Messrs. Kelly, Lester, and Surridge also distinguished then selves. The company appear in Adelaide for the last time this evening, and from the success which they have achieved here it is almost certain that they will make their conge to a crowded house. Theatbb Royal. — 'Much Ado about Nothing' was repeated on Friday evening, July 26, at this place of amusement to a moderate house, the dress circle being fairly patronised. The various points in this excellent comedy met with a very heaity response, and Mr. Creswick and Miss Ashton were called before the curtain. To-night Mr. Creswick will appear as Othello, Miss Ashton taking the part of Desdemona. MBBCAJCTXB MabUTB IhSTBAJTCE CoKPAKT. — We have received a copy of the ninth annual report of the Directors of the Mercantile Marine Insurance Company, which is to be laid before the shareholders at the annnal general meeting to be held on Tuesday, the 30th instant ; and we are glad to observe that the past prosperity of the Company is well sustained. From the statement of the profit and loss account it appears that there is a balance at the credit amounting to £49,111 6*., after placing £5,000 to the Reserve Fund in August last, and paying to the shareholders dividends and bonus amount ing to £10,000, or 4s. per share, during the past twelve months. This balance the Directors have resolved to appropriate by adding a further sum of £5,000 to the Reserve Fund, which will then amount to £45,000 ; by paying a dividend of Is. per share and a bonus of 2«. per share, making together £7,500, to the shareholders on the 1st August ; and by carrying forward the balance of £36,611 6s. as a provision for out standing risks and unsettled claim?. The liabilities of the Company are shown as follows: —In capital amount, £50,000 ; Beserve Fund, £40,000; sundry creditors, £6,613 9s. 8d.; and balance due to profit and loss account as before stated, £49,111 6s. The assets consist of mort gages of freehold securities, £92,961 12s. ; Government bonds held by London agents, £20,5C0; Bank deposits, £3,893 15s. 3d.; office furniture, £4C0; bills receivable, £2,480 15a.; sundry debtors, including agents' balances, £9,624 2s. ld.;'.bills of exchange current. £2,000 ; asd cash in sundry Banks, £8,864 11s. 4d. ; or a total of assets amounting to £145,724 15s. 8d. The figures thus presented afford ample reason fcr congratulation on the part of the share holders. South ArsTEAUAK Cjxb. — A meeting of members of tbe newly-formed South Australian Club was beld at the Town Hall Befreshmant room on Friday afternoon, July 26*. About 25 gentlemen were present, and Mr. W. Longbottom presided. The Preliminary Committee pre sented their report, and the following geuile mea were appointed the Permanent Committ:s : — Messrs. W. Longbottom, J. G. Bcothby, A Bonnin, W. Gooch, A. Harrold, L. A. Jessop, acdT. King, M.P. The questions of the sab scription to be paid and the site of the Club Hor:e were postponed. Socth Australian IxsvRixcs Compakt. — We have received a copy of the last year's balance-sheet of this Company, from which wt note that satisfactory results have been derived both from the marine and fire branches of the business. The total receipts for the year have been £-'J,2S9 Cs. 6d., divided as follows :— Fire premiums, £18,972 2s. 6d.; marine premiums, £20,267 0s. 9d.; interest, £4,699 13*.; rent, transfer fef 3, &c;, ££50 10s. 3d. Against this the lo&res; have been £14,1SO 14s. on marine and £4.731 19s. 3d. on fire risks. Tbe charges, in cluding agency expenses, &c;, have been £7,732 12a. yd. In addition to this dividends have been paid to the amount of £3,750, and the .Reserve Fund has been augmented by £2,500. Deducting all these items leaves a net credit bale uce of £6,394 0s. Od^added to which is the sum of £17,501 10s. 2d. brought forward list year.thus making a total of £23,895 ISs. Sd. available for distribution, and which the Directors recom mend should be apportioned as follows : — Un- settled claims, £5,000 ; unexpired risks. £3,500 ; dividend 2s. per share, £5,000; addition to Beserve Fund, £2,500 ; balance to carry for ward, £2,895 10s. $d. With the last addition the Beserve Fund will stand at £30.000. The Company have upwards of £S0,000 invested in various securities yielding an average of 7 per cent, per annum. Adelaide Stbamtto Co.— We are in receipt of a copy of the balance-sheet of this Company for the half-year ending June 30. The earnings of the steamtu^s Eleanor, Adelaide, and Yatala have all been in excess of their expenses; bat the Sophia has got been so profitable, the sum of £008 having been expended on repairs, ma chinery, &c.; The total receipts for the half ycir amount to £S,0919s. 10d. against which the expenditure has been £6,096 15s. |8d., showing a net profit on the (operations of the six rconths of £1.694 14s. 2d. The accounts appear to be carefully and methodically kept, and shareholders can tell at a glance at the balance sheet the relative earnings and expenses of the (Afferent boats owned by the Company. Fhofosbd Railway to Natrke. — Our correspondent at Uroidla writing on July 24, says: — A public meeting was held here at the hotel on Monday evening last to consider the question of the proposed railway through the hill districts. Mr. James Cobbledick oo» cupied the ch iir, and urged upon those present the advisability of signing the petition, but although there were about 40 persons present only 25 of that number did so. Instead of taking a bread and comprehensive view of the matter, it was thought by some that a railway would oe detrimental to our inlerests; that our wood, fruit, ami vc-getebjes would not be. worth so much ; that such commodities would be brought from the Murray Flats ; and thit the land here would consequently deteroriate in value. Others said they would sign if the railway was likely to come to their own door. A discussion ensued as to the quality of the laud North and South. It is to be hoped that the members for the district, Messrs. Bundey and Krichnufr', will not be so narrow and selfish in their ideas, but will [take the proper view of th-« matter. Clostsq i.KaiD at Bobs. — Messrs. Hen nirg, M.P., and Hardy, M.P., waited ou the Commissioner of Crown Lands on Friday morn ing. On behalf of the District Council of Bob3, and asked that permission might be given to that body to close a nud running between Sections 22 and 23c, in the Hundred of Waterhonse. It was stated that, acting on reports of the Sur veyor-General, the Government had refused to cotfirm an order fcr the closing of the road, inasmuch as the road was in a leading line from Kobe to Guichcn Bay. The District Council cocsWered that the road in question would never become a leading one. The Commis floi.er stated that there was very little proba bility of tbe Government agreeing to the closing ot the roaJ. The object of closing of the road :h i med to be to enable a laudholder nainad Once, who hol.1 lam! on both sides, to dispense wuu two lines of feuci'ii, &-\ The District Council ha.i power to permit of the roid boiag ' J''T- *» IopS ss the rights of the pablis were cot interfered with, and proper gates were t recud on the road. Thb SirroaLiif q Cases at Poet ADHLArDB.— A crowded attendance at the Port Adelaide Police Court on Friday, July 26, manifested the great interest felt in the cases of smuggling being tried there by Captain E. H. Ferguson SJtf., Mr. A. Hall, J .P., and Mr. A. P. Hall, J. -\ Jcsiah Samkin, the steward of the Craige i darroch, who pleaded guilty on Wednesday last to a charge of being concerned in an act o' smuggling, was fined the lowest penalty of £2 - James Ramsay, the master, was next convicted of a like offence, and fined in the heaviest penalty of £100. The steward, who gave evi dence, said he handed the captain a list of the Btores, but the captain reduced it and gave the Customs officer a list short by 45 gallons of spirits and 60 lbs of tobacco. Quantities of spirits were taken from the lazarette and con veyed according to his statement to Mr. G. Sinclair and Mr. W. Beattde, while other orders were awaiting execution. A second charge in respect to a delivery to Mr. G. Sinclair of two gallons of whisky was gone into, but adjourned until this morning. Costalescbkt Hospital. — The annual meeting of subscribers to tbis institution was held yesierdayafternoDn,atthe Town Hall. The report of the Committee, which was presented, showed that o?er 1C0 persons bad availed them selves of the institution during tt-e year, and that financially it was in a satisfactory position. Special reference was made to the handsome donation of £3C0 given by Mrs. E. W. Andrew* towards the building fund. Tee Late Suicide. — The enquiry into the errcunjstnees attending the sudden death of Ferdinand Icemhagen was continued on Friday July 26, and the evidence of Mr. G.Francis, analytical chemist, who examined tic contents of the stomach of the deceased, conclusively proved that death had been caused by poison through takiDg aconite re at and strychnine. The Juiy upon hearing the evidence returned a verdict to the effect that deceased had died by his own hand while in a state of temporary in sanity. In reference to a paragraph in a letter left by deceased concluding with the words, ' Oh, Tomkirson, this is your doing,' the gen tleirin referred to wrote a satisfactory explana tion, which will fee found in the report of the inquest. The Jury contributed of their fees £3 towards the relief of Mrs. Isernhagen. Maitlakd Poet akd Telegraph Office. — Our correspondent at Maitland, writing on July 2-1, says :— ' The tenders for our new Post and Tele graph Office have been definitely acce pted, Messrs. Hague & Lake being the successful tenderers. Great dissatisfaction, however, is expressed by the majority of the inhabitants of Maitland at the insignificant building which the Govern ment is about to erect, and the general feeling is that it would be better to put up with the present accommodation until more money could be placed on the Estimates. The sum now to be expended is under £1,000, and I heard a gentleman say that he would willingly give the Government £1,000 for the land on which the building u to bs erected. In order to s'iow hew the building will be scamped, there is not even a front door provided (this is according to tbe plans), and the accommodation for the public will be but a shade better than what w-r hr ve already. I trust that the Commissioner of Public Works will be able to see his way to rectify these apparent oversights.' ?Hcjiah Behains ForsD. — A correspondent informs the Kapmia Herald tbat on Thursday last a son of Hr. 'W. Crabb whilst mustering sheep on Guide's Plain found the renuir* of a white man that must have beea there ten or welve years, as there was nothing left but bones, and they were much decomposed. The police went out on Saturday and buried all that wes left of the unfortunate man. The tx --ts were all tbat they could find belonging to him, the tone 3 of his feet still in them, wi'r'i pieces of rag sticking to them. Kafdsda amd Nokth-West Bend Bailwat. — The works have been up to Jtbe present pro gressing in a very ratisfac'oiy manner, but we are afraid (writes the Kapxmda Herald) that the late rains will affect the cartage of the sleepers between the sawmills at Mount Crawford and Gawler to a very considerable extent. We are, however, infoimed that the contractors have »;ken advantage of the relief of the tariff in Victoria and have arranged for a consignment of Lonie 6,000 sleepers, £03 of which arrived in the Victorian on Monday. Last Week's Stobh at Jamesto'wk. — ^Refer- ring to the stormy weather which prevailed last week at Jamestown, the local paper says: — ' The amount of damage done is very consider able, including the fall of two partition walls and a large section of the south- westerly por tion of a suburban residence now being erecte j by Mr. Jamei Galloway ; stables nearly finished '? for Mr. James Coombe, JJP., almost destroyed ; a ' large lot of fencing, the property of Messrs. ' GcDoway, O'Halloran, Coombe, and others, '? thrown down or swept away ; and a number of outhouses and unfinished structures reduced to confused heaps of stone and mortar. Friday morning gave promise of a clearing up; but shortly before noon a dense bank of cloud swept up from the south-west and brought violent showers of rain. On Thursday evening the p.irk lands to the west and north-west of the town were flooded, the State school and teacher's resi dence being surrounded by angry torrents, which swept through the railway culverts to unite again upon the plain. The Belalie Creek was of course in full flood, and but for tbe bridge lately erected by the District Council all com munication between the eastern and western ends cf the town would have been cut off. The road to Caltowie was for a long distance under water, and a few venturesome equestrians who essayed to travel along it found the water up to the horses' girths. Business in Jamestown catne to a dead stand, the only admitted recreation being a hasty journey (verandahs admitting) from one fireside to another. We have heard that seme empty wagon trains belonging to the S.A.C.C. got so helplessly bogged within a short; distance of Jamestown that they are left to their fate and drier weather. Altogether, although the flood ceems to Lave been less heavy than one which occurred last winter, we believe tbe actual amount ot damage is lar greater, owing, no doubt, principally to the large nenber of nn finislied buildings ard the very inferior kind of building sand available here.' Tiphoid Fevhh.— Ihe Argus of July 22 remarks: — ' The prevalence of typhoid fever in Melbourne and the suburbs, and in a leaer decree in the country districts, has excited attention of late. This disease, which is always irost destructive in the autumn and eirly winter, is never entirely absent, nor can it be expected to leave us so long as sanitary precau tions are neglected as they now nre. Imperfect drainage and tewerage and the accumulation of filth in yards and back premises are generally recognised as the prime carses of tbe epidemic, but recent disclosures in the neighbourhood of Sydney indicate that there may be a special influence at work. It is stated that no less than 13 wws of typhoid fever at Woolloomooloo have been traced to. infected milk retailed from » dairy, the disease in. several instance* pror-ng fatal. The matter was enquired into by tlu Health Officer of Sydney, who found abund iut evidence to justify the suspicion. Amongst the family of tbe dairyman several were down with typhoid fever, and the dah/man himself died from an attack of the malady. The premises, it was discovered, were so arranged that the milk before being sent out to the customer} was neceaarily exposed to the typhoid tiint, besides which there was a general neglect of saBiiaiT tews, Even, if there had been no fever in the nouse the milk conld scirceiy fcaye Vjea wholesome, for it was filled into cans in cltr.e proximity to a foul sink-hole, the emanations from which might readily have been absorbed. The inhalation of sewage gas is known ta be the cause of deadly disease, and poisoned milk is likely to produce consequences of the same sort. We should like to know whether there exist in Melbourne dangers of a similar kind to that brought to light at Woolloomooloo. We are not as a rule so much better than our neighbours that we can afford to take things for granted. In Adelaide an alarm has been sounded, and we learn that the state of the dairies amd cowyaris is engaging the attention of tbe Corporation. It would only be the commonest prudence for the same course to be followed here. It is presam?d that the Officers of Health give some attention to the condition in which dairies are kept, but extra vigilance seems called for at the prcseat time. The community would feel much sifer if it could be assured that it has nothing to fear from its milk supply.' Ford otee the Burba Creek.— It is a great pity (says the Bvrra Record) that the Go vernment have been so dilatory in their arrange ments for the completion of the new bridge in Kcoriuga, as there is so great a rush of water at every heavy downpour of rain that the ford, while a necessity, is a most expensive thing to maintain. It has been again almost entirely washed away, and vss impassable for two days pending repairs. We hope scon to hear of ths arrival from England of the girders for the bridge. Thb Hoepitai. Ekcxootbe. — Some little diffi culty having lately arisen between the Board of Management of the Adelaide Hospital and the Beyal Agricultural and Horticultural Society in reference to the use of that portion of the Hespital enclosure adjoining the Ex hibition Grounds, a deputation consisting of the President of the Society (Mr. S. Daven port) and the Secretary (Mr. C. J. Coates) waited upen the Board on Friday, July 23, to explain that all the Society desired was simply the use of a small portion of the ground for exhibition purposes, the right to which could be resumed at any time by giving six months' notice. The Board replied that they were very doubtful whether they had the power to lease the land, bnt they were willing to meet the wishes of the Society provided a sufficient guarantee was given th*t possession of the land would be given up at the termina tion of six months' notice of intended resump tion. The Ceewb Cricket Match.— The Australian Eleven have begun a match against twenty-two of Crewe, in Chester. It was originally arranged that the latter should play with eighteen, which is the number given in the programme of the matches to be played by the Australian cricketers in England. The Eleven made 130 runs in their first innings, and the Crewe team have lost two wickets for 3 runs. AS ArSTEALASIAJf UOLOOTZATIOU OOCIHTT. — The would-be colonizers of New Guinea, the self-styled Australasian Colonization Society, sought an interview with the Chief Secretary yesterday (states the Argus of July 23) to obtain from him a more comfortable assurance than that given to them by Sir Arthur Gordon. Mr. Dwyer and Mr. L. L. Smith acted as their political sponsors. Mr. Dwyer condemned the manner in which S?r .Arthur Gordon had deilt with the subject as bumptious and presutnp tnous. Upon bumptiousness and presumptuous nets Mr. Dwyer is an undoubted authority, but in this instance it may fairly be assumed that inward glancings deceived his judgment. Mr. Dods explained that the Association desired the annexation to Victoria of half of New Guinea and of all the islands between New Guinea and the Fijis. By this means Victoria would obtain the needed extension of territory without being called on to trespass on the other colonies, and would be enabled to train, educate, and advance the Papuans in the paths of virtue, knowledge, and civilization. Mr. Dods com plained that officious people had endeavoured to throw odium on this magnificent scheme, in cluding, apparently, Sir Arthur Gordon in this category. He read a communication he hod received from Sir Arthur Gordoa, reiterating his warning that persona voluntarily placing themselves in positions of danger in a savage country, without the approval of the Imperial authority, did so at their own risk and peril. Mr. Berry summarily cut short the eloquence of Mr. Dods, who was expressing his conviction that Mr. Berry was, as far as Victorians were concerned, the chief adviser of Her Majesty, by asking him to explain what he really wanted the Government to do. Mr. Berry was very severe on Mr. Dods and a few private individuals for venturing to usurp the functions of the Government and Parliament, who alone were entitled to speak with authority on such a question. All that Mr. Berry woild undertake to sav was that in case of a larze exodus of Victorians to New Guinea, tbe Govern ment would be prepared, if necessity arose, to take measures for their protection. If the Australasian Colonization Society can survive the warning of Sir Arthur Gordon, followed by the severe snubbing of Mr. Berry, its vitality will be remarkable. A Stbangeb tx the House. — A London con temporary wrihs : — ' On Monday night a 'stranger* distinguished his class in a new direction. He had secured the privilege of a seat under the gallery on the floor of the House, where he remained for some time listening with great attention to Sir George Campbell's speech on the importation of Indian troops. He heard tbis very well, but being slightly deat he had some difficulty in gathering all the words of wisdom distilled from the lips of Sir William Harcourt, who followed the hon. baronet. Witliout any hesitation he solved the difficulty by crowing over on to the bench before him. He was now actually within the sacred precincts of the House, though he had not done anything more dreadful than occupy the seat assigned to new members waiting to be sworn. Here he might have remained for a long time, for there were several new members whose arrival was expected, and few could say that he was notone of tLem. But when the Chancellor of the Exchequer followed Sir William Harcourt, and was evidently making an important speech, the agonized constituent, after vainly endeavouring to hear all that tbe right hon. baronet s-iJ, crossed over to the next bench, and comfortably ' seated himself in the House of Coiamors itielf ! Here, with hand to ear, and a highly-gratified expref s;o.i suffusing his face, he sat listening to tbe debate. But his jcy was shortlived. His attitude attracted the attention of an hon. member on the Conservative benches, who, appealing to the Sergeaut-at- Arms for informa tion as to his identity, brought about the denoumtnt. Tbe intruder thought that Cap tain Gossett, when he approached, was about to invite him to take a seat a little nearer tin Speaker, and was quite astonished when he was politely but sternly and promptly walked out of the House, his exit being made through the division lobby, in order to avoid the seiii.;tion that would have otherwise followed.'' A Trip Bound the World. — Monday's Argus has tbe fol'owirg :— ' In the Argut of Saturday an advertisement appeared headed 'A Tour Bound the World,' stating that a special steamer was to be chartered for that purpose, and invit ing any one desirous to obtain information to apply to the Secretary, at Mr. Lukey's, Lloyd's Booms, Collins-street west. The following information has been supplied to us by Mr. Vanderstegen, the promoter of the movement : — 'My intention is to charter a steamer about 1,000 tons, and fit her up especially to carry about 50 passengers. She will sail from Mel bourne, calling at Sydney and Newcastle, from [nence to japan, i-nina, maia, ueyion, jtvjypt, Furkey, &c;, and make all ports of note in the Mediterranean, thence- to England, and America, returning through the Canal, and visiting all important places, to Java, Borneo, and the prin cipal places in the Pacific, and then home. As soon as I have received sufficient inducement I 9hall issue a prospectus, stating terms, &c.; The greater part of the time will be spent on shore, travelling about from place to place, and picking op the Bteamer at convenient places. The whole tour will occupy twelve months.' ' A Narrow Escape. — An old resident of Gawler, ramed Mr. H. Skurray (says the Bunt/ip), went on Wednesday morning last to fetch [his houe from a paddeck on the South Para, and having found it was about to crc 3 the river at the usual spot, and at which minj other times the animal had crossed. Strange io say on arrival there it refused to entsr the water, but was eventually induced to do so by the per3uasion of its master, who was on its b-:k. No sooner, however, bad the aniiril got iut« the stream t'.ian the strong current and t eac!.aous quicksind coniplelely turned it over, and bolt! hcrse and ru!er nearly lost tfieir lives. Fortunately Mr. Skarrey succeeded in getting out safe and also in saving his horse, which was a much prized and useful animal. While admitting it to have been a narrow escape, we would impress upon all who may becorripellcd to cross the river in flood-time the necessity of exercising caution relative to the place in which they venture. A horse's sagacity as to impending dac~?r was in this instance quite equal to man's intelligence. CRDiOLiifB Agais.— What! are we Jthrea tenedwith crinoline again ? (asks 'Atlas,' in the World). Mankind will surely be ready to recant all its complaints on the subject of scanty dresses at this dire menace. Too certain is it that enr ladies tell us that, with the con templated revival of short dresses, crinoline is a necessity. Woman, it seems, must either have length or breadth, or else shs will look all bonnets and boots ! Which shall we choose, my brothers ? — the snaky train that lies in wait for our feet, or the steel bars which the middle aged tibia so well remembers? Well, which ever evil we pronounce for, we shall probably get the ether. ArrEAEi-'G n» a New Part. — That well known and popular actor, Mr. J. H. Biinford, has left the dramatic stage and gone into the spirit business. He has not turned publican, as at first sight people might be induced to think, but has become the proprietor of a new optical illusion — an adsptation probably of Pepper's curious invention. From the Sewcaalle Pilot we see that Mr. Bainford and his company are appearing in the city of the black diamond, aad tbat the ' ghost walks' nightly to large and ap preciative audiences. It is likely that we sniU have a visit from Mr. Bainford and his spectral trottpe, when, if he can show anything worth while, be may be sure of a warm welcome and a remunerative season amongst his Adelaide friends. 