THE BALLARAT SHOW. (BV OUR OWN KEPORTER.) TUB SECOND DAY. I Baiarat is not a pleasant place on a wet day, especially when it is show day. For exhittors and visitors the day has . been mostunplcasaufc, ushered in by a strong cold wind which soon after midday brought with it tick drizzling rain, giving promise of continence. Everything at two o'clock lookU as if a holiday was intended. The shop were closed, and business was sus pendd. This wa3 an advantage, so far as the ehibition was concerned. By cab and 'busarge numbere fonnd their way to the yard to see and be seen. . . "le very faces of the crowd like ghosts of former fairs appear ; KG one you know, yet as a mass Ton'11 swear you saw them all last year.", Plans and flowers do not form an important featie in these exhibitions. There were, howiver, three large collections of miscel laneas plants, and two collections of flower ing fants, besides a considerable quantity of cut ftwersiu stands, hand bouquets, table bou quet, etc. Altogether the number of plants cxliiited was about the average, and the quaky certainly was superior to those gene ralljahowu. The prize list for plants and flowra is as under : SETIOJ.- 1.-Collection of Cut'Flowers. j (Rest 50 Specimens.) lstprize, £2, George Smith, Ballarat; 2nd do., >2, K. U. Nichollsand Co., do. SKITON 2.-Collection of Hardy Trees and 'u'i.mts in Pots. (I?e3t 40 Specimen5.) lstprize, £3, George Smith, Ballarat; 2nd d s., as, J. Lans and Co., do. SECTJN 3.-Collection of Plants in Flower.in j Pots. (Best 20 Specimens.) lstprize, £3, George Smith, Ballarat; 2nd do., 12, E. U. Nicholls and Co., do. i SECTION 4.-TABLE BOUQUET. lslprize. 10s, George -Smith, Ballarat; 2nd do.,Ji, II. U. Nicliolls and Co., do. ! SECTION 5.-HAND BOUQUET. lslprize, 10s, George Smith; 2nd do, 5s, MisaCollins, Jiureka-street, Ballarat. Kxra Vase Wool I'lowers-P~ize, Mrs Thoa. Quiiivan. Tltre was a large attendance, but people badb shelter themselves under tho sheds, the iWnpour of rain being continuous during the py. 