LEGAL REPRESENTATION ON SELECT COMMITTEES. A question of some importance was raised in tho Legislative Council on Thursday in connection with a petition from the Glendj: Railway Company asking permission to be represented by counsel at the Select Committee appointed to enquire into the Holdfast Bay Railway Bill. Under the Standing Orders it i3 left to the discretion of the House to admit or exclude counsel from Com mittees. On behalf of the petitioners it was contended that the privilogo might bo granted to advantage in this instanco in order to facilitate the enquiry as well as to protect the interests of tho Company. The question, however, derives its chief importance from the fact that it is tho first time the subject has been formally laised, and also because a disposition was evinced by tho members of tho Upper House to discuss it with a view to tha establishment of a hard-and-fast rule. With the vulgar antipathy to lawyors as [a class we have very littlo sympathy. Hence wo regret to find that, in place of treating tho matter from the point of view of expe diency, the members who opposed tho petition on Thursday for the most part allowed themselves to become tho mouth piece of popular prejudice aud re-echoed the sweeping and indiscriminate charges against the legal profession which it ia so much the fashion to indulge in. Thus, it was asserted that lawyers torture wit nesses into confessions against their will, and that in the majority of cases their object is not to elicit but to shut out evidence. Apart from other considerations, statements such as these are foreign to the issue. There is perhaps no tribunal — for such it is, not withatandingSir Henry Ayers's contention to the contrary— that is more independent than a Select Committee. It is guided by no law and it is bound by no precedent. It is free to admit or exclude testimony, to hear counsel or to decline to do so, and it may put a stop to the examination or cross-examination of a witness at will. It is responsible solely to tho House by which it is appointed, and to which alone any complaints as to its pro cedure can be addressed. Thus, if the objections to which we have referred are the only onoB that can be taken to tho admission of counsel to Select Com mittees, there is obviously no reason for excluding them. The contention raiso I by Sir Henry Ayers that lawyers aim no . at extracting the whole truth but at serving their clients' cause, and would con sequently rather hinder than assist a Committee, is a very puerilo one for a gentleman who claims experience in legal matters. Counsel are not arbitrators, but the exponents of a particular Bide of a question, and it is in securing a full exposi tion of opposing views that their services are of value. As to the point whether it is desirable in all cases to introduce the legal element into the proceedings of a Select Com mittee it seems to us there cannot be two opinions. It is clear that to make it tho practice to allow legal representation on Select Committees would inevitably lead to vexatious delay. If ono person interested in the proceedings of a Com mittee is permitted to appear by counsel all others will, in common fairness, have to be placed on a liko footing, and tho result must be that in every case of im portance a large number of gentlemen learned in the law will be present, who will, under any circumstances, greatly protract the proceedings. Furthermore, a source of expense will thus be created which is very undesirable in all but ex ceptional cases. That tho presence of counsel would in most instances be of assistance to a Committee we have no doubt, but the advantage thuB acquired would be far outweighed by the delay and expense they would necessarily entail. In most instances, too, the questions before such Committees are such as can easily be adjudicated upon by tho members without professional aid. Of such we believe the present case to be one. We have no desire now to enter into the merit3 of the question as bet wee a the established and the projected Railway Companies ; but whatever they may be, they do not, so far as we can judge, present any difficulties which render the representation by counsel of the parties affected either necessary or desirable. Hence we regard the decision arrived at \j the Council to refuse the request of the Glenelg Railway Company as a proper one under the circumstances. Against the view »hat the conclusion is to be treated here after as a precedent, if by that is meant that the Council have now laid down aa inflexible rule on the point, we must emphatically protest. There are ca3es which may arise in which the assistance of couusei will be found not only desirable I ut it dispensable. Questions of title auu other matters involving intricate points of law incomprehensible to laymen in ay V-e raised before Committees who 'will find themselves absolutely x;nable to form an equitable and _ust decision, without legal aid. It i not impossible, furthermore, to conceive of instances where the exclusion o counsel might prove extremely deta in jatal to the rights of interested persons It is indeed obvious that in such a matter no inexorable law can wisely be laid down, and that the most that can be done con sistently with justice is to affirm the principle that it is desirable to exclude aa far as may be possible the legal element from the proceedings of Parliamentary . Committees. The construction placed by Sir Henry Ayera on the action of the Gleneljj Railway Company is, it appears to us, quite unwarranted. In no way can their request be viewed as a slur upon the Committee, albeit their petition was perhaps not ao carefully worded as it might have been. It was to be expected that Sir. Baker would stand by his profession, and many of hi3 remarks in favour of admitting lawyers to Select Committees were exceedingly weighty. We are, how ever, unable to acquiesce in the contention that such a course is :endered especially desirable owing to ihe practice followed in regard to the appointment of Committees. Mr. Baker complains that the member who asks for the Committee selects those members whom he is desirous of associating with him, and that they are invariably men who have been ascertained to be in favour of the Bill to be referred. We are of course bound to accept the hon. gentle man's assurance that although he regards Committees so appointed as 'packed' h does not apply the term in an invidiou secse ; and this being the case, we are at .1 It as io comprehend the force of the argu ment. There is no compulsion laid upon members to accept the list furnished t them for their guidance, and the practice is on occasions instrumental in facilitating the election of the persons best qualified to deal with the particular questions to be decided by the Committee. Thu3, as iras pointed out by Mr. Fisher, if no guide is afforded members may be elected who are incapacitated from acting owing to their being interested in the matter to be referred, or to some other reason. TLe whole question, it seems to ua, resolves itself into a simple consideration of the expediency of admitting counsel in each particular case, and it is susceptible of no determination capable of universal application. Retirement of the Hox. J. Coltox —We very much regret to learn that tho Btate of Mr. Colton's health is such as to have induced his medical adviser to urge that he should, for the present at any rate, retire from public life. Hi3 resignation was placed in the hands of the Speaker on Thursday, and the seat for Noarlunga was declared vacant The announcement naturally drew forth from all sections of the House expressions of deep regret that the step should have to be taken and that the cause which rendered it im -pei ative was the impaired health of the honourable gentleman. In the friction of public life it must necessarily follow that any one who strives to fulfil the duties entrusted to him conscientiously and to the best of his judgment is fre quently brought into positions of direct antagonism to others, and the late member for Noarluuga wa3 no excep tion to this rule. He first entered Parliament in 1SG3, and with tho exception of an interval between 1870 and 1S75 he represented the District of 'Noarluuga from the first-named year un; il his resignation yesterday. He held the position of a Minister altogether for nearly three years and nine months, having served in tliree different Cabinets. Mr Colton was Commissioner of Public Works in Mr. Strangways' Ministry from Novem ber, 18GS, to May, 1870, Treasurer in Sir. Boucaut's Ministry from June, 1875, to March. 1870, and Commissioner of Public Works in his own Ministry from June, 1S70, to October, 1S77. As Treasurer there can be no doubt that the honourable gentleman was requred to undertake duties that were not congenial to him ; but as Commissioner of Public Works his ?well- known business capacity, his great energy, and his superior administrative ability found ample scope for exercise with great advantage to the country. As a leader, whether in tho Ministry or in the Opposition, Mr. Colton possesaed very great skill, and was able to catch the temper of the House with a readiness which often greatly facilitated the dispatch of business ; and as an effective Opposition is almost as necessary to the good government of the country as an able and vigorous Ministry, his enforced retirement from the House at the present juncture is very greatly to be regretted. It will be a source of satisfaction to the honourable gentleman — whose absence from public life will, we hope, not be prolonged — that he carries with him the kindly feeling and the sincere regrets of those with whom he has been associated in Parliament, as is shown by the universal expressions of sympathy and sorrow called forth by the announcement of his resignation. It would, of course, be mere affectation on our part to attempt to conceal the fact that on many public questions we have felt cal'ed upon to criticise adversely the course adopted by Mr. Colton, but we none the less heartily appreciate his personal qualities and the undoubted ability and zeal displayed by him in the public service. Hence, though on many questions we have taken the opposite side to that espoused by the honourable gentleman, and have occa sionally expressed our disapprobation of what he has done in no very measured terms, we join most sincerely in the expression of regret that for a season at least his services will be lost to the country, and in the hope that a period of rest from the wear and tear of public life may bo far restore his health as to justify him at no distant date in re-entering the political arena. A Sesseless Mixing Paxic— The resolution of the Wallaroo Mine Directors to suspend for a time ore-raising opera tions upon their property has been suc ceeded by a perfect panic among the holders of mining shares. For this result the action in question is not alone responsible. No doubt it has tended to destroy what little confidence wa3 left in copper muting enterprise ; but the i losing of the Wallaroo Mine, ibo.it the working of which the jublic know comparatively little beyond the fact that it is and for a long time has been far less productive than the Moonta, would never have pro duced the serious decline that has taken place in Moonta shares had it not been for the misrepresentations of indefatigable brokers and unscrupulous jobbera, who have laid themselves out to make the most of the occasion. A day or two ago it was broadly stated that Moonta shares had been offered at £3 15a. or £4, and since then the statement has dave loped into a report that one hundred shares have been actually parted with at Kapunda or the Burra at the lower amount.' Seeing that the price has certainly never fallen below £0 in Ade laide, the man who accepted such a figure must surely have been either a fool or a knave. But this is not by any means the only report calculated to induce timorous shareholders to sell out at any sacrifice. It has been asserted that the Moonta Mining Com pany are bearing up under tremendous losses ; that there is an overdraft of an almost fabulous amount ; and that a heavy call will probably be declared. We have it on unimpeachable authority that some of these reports are preposterously exaggerated and others absolutely un founded. Operations at this mine have been conducted on a different prin ciple from those on the Wallaroo property. In the latter case, the ore being poorer, the cost of production is higher, and it is therefore of greater importance that a good price should be obtained. In view of these facts the Directors have for the most part confined the workings during the past twelvemonth to opening out the lodes in anticipa tion of an advance in the price of copper. In this process they have sunk a large amount of money, or in other words they have not raised anything like ore enough to cover their expenses. In the case of the Moonta a different plan has Lcen acted upon. While the output of ore has been contracted within somewhat narrow limits, a sufficiency has been raised and disposed of to enable the Company to pay its way. The periodical returns due a few days hence will, we believe, show that the Company is financially in very much the same position now as it was six months ago j that neither the expenses nor the overdraft have materially in creased ; and that even at the present low rates of copper there has been no difficulty in obtaining from the sales of produce money enough to meet the cost of the establishment. We further learn that the idea of making a call has not been even discussed by the Directors. Thus the statements which have been industriously put in circulation are emi nently calculated to mislead, and we feel it but fair to shareholders to guard them against becoming the victims of an unreasoning panic. It is of course not our province to advise them as to when to sell or when not to sell. The state of mining affairs i3 certainly very disheartening at the present time, and the prospects for the future are not cheering. Whether prices will ever again riso to the standards of a few years back is a matter about which we do not care to speculate just now. Our only object is to counteract the ill effects of glaring misstatements, by which thoughtless or designing persons have contributed so largely to the panic in mining shares which has lately manifested itself. Tub Levee and Dbawikg Room. — The names of Mr. A. Tolmer, Inspector of Credit Selections, Dr. J. Davies Thomas, and Mr. Peterswald, Superintendent of Metropolitan Police, were omitted from the list of those who attended the Governor's Levee ; and tho names of Mrs. H. A. Curtis, Mrs. W. B. Hull, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Fesenmeyer, Mr. D. Bower, M.P., and Mrs. Bower, and Miss N. White should have appeared ai-ong those who paid their respects to Lady Jervois. The name of Mr. K. G. Sells was misprinted A. Sells. The follow ing apologies for non-attendance at the Levee have been received in addition to those pub lished yesterday :— Captain Beaden, R.N., Dr. Ferguson. Captain Edmunds, Kev. S. Knight, Rev. A. Honner, Messrs. 'W. H. Stanford, J. G. Pitcher, W. J. Dalwood, A. R. Smith, J.Gilbert, C. J. Ebsworth, A. Egerton Wilby, J. N. Bljth, F. G. Richardson, A. R. Malcom, E. P. Clarke, Burt, D. Moodie, J. F. Henderson, C. Hargrave. jun., Frank 'Whiteley, and H. Turner, J.P. For non-attendance at Lady Jervois's reception ajologies have been received from the following ladies :— Mrs. S. Green, Mrs. Lyall, Mrs. 0. J. Ebsworth, Mrs. Fraser Seabrook, Mrs. Grundy, Mrs. C. H. Richardson, Mrs. F. G. Richardson, Mrs. A. 'W. Smith, Miss Goyder, Airs. Mildred, 3Irr. and Miss Russell, Mrs. ar.d Miss Cudmore, Mrs. H. M. Pollitt. Bin. Mobtlock, M.P. — On Tuesday next Mr. Coglin will move in the House of Assembly that ten days1 leave of absence be granted to Mr. Mortlock on account of urgent private business. QrEsnoss ix Parlumett.— In the Legis lative Council on Tuesday next, Mr. Pearce ?will ask the Chief Secretary the name of the Engineer who passed the defective rails for the Port Augusta Railway, and whether he is the same person who advised on the purchase of tho Semaphore and Murray Bridges, waterworks mains, &c.; On the same day Mr. Hardy will enquire when tenders will be called for building a school at Lucindale ; Mr. Bright intends to ask why the tender of Mr. J. Robb at £96,185 for the Victor Harbour Breakwater was accepted instead of that of Mr. Robert Thornton at £37,793 ; Mr. Coglin will ask if the Government intend to have a ford constructed on the Willochra Creek between the Beautiful Valley and Coonatto, and whether they will appoint some person to take charge of the new crossing at Brempton ; and Mr. Fowler will seek informa tion as to the points on the South-Eastern road at which the statistics of traffic reported by the Engineer-in-Chief to the Railway Commission in 1S75 were taken. On 'Wednesday Mr. Bean will enquire — '1. Has the Government power to call in defaced silver coin ; and if so, will they fix a date after which all defaced silver coin shall be an illegal tender? 2. If so, is it their intention to take the necessary action to obtain such power ?' Brvou Bat a-tj Kiitostox Punts.— The Board of Arbitration, to which the questions in dispute between Messrs. 'Wells Brothers and the S. A. Government were referred, sat on Thursday morning at Eagle-Chambers for the second tima. Mr. Percy 'Wells was called as a witness en behalf of the contractors by Mr. Downer, Q.O., and his examination-in-chief having been brought to a close by about 1 o'clock, the Board adjourned till Tuesday next, when Mr. Symon will proceed to cross-examine Mr. Wells on behalf of the Crown. Resigvatiok of thb Hoh. Johs Coltox. — In another column we publish, an address from the Hon. John Colton to the electors of Noar luuga resigning his seat in the House of Assembly. Dr. Campbell, whose certificate is also published, considers there is no probability of the hon. gentleman's restoration to health unless he retires for seme time from public life. 'We, and we feel sure the members of Parliament, as well as the puhiie generally, will regret the cause which has occasioned Mr. Colton's retirement, especially at the present juncture of political affairs. On Thursday after neon the Speaker reported the receipt of the hon. gentleman's resignation and stated that he intc nded forthwith to issue a writ for the election of a new member. The nomination would take place on Tuesday, September 10, the election on Saturday, September 14, and the writ would be returnable on Tuesday, September 17. After thi* jiDEouDctment Mr. Townsend rose and expressed his stEfce of the great less the House and thecountry would suffer from Mr. Colton's retirement and his high opinion of his ability acd integrity. The Prtmier followed in a similar strain, and a Lumber of other members also spoke to the same purpose. The Melbourne Steamers.— We hear that the Alduiga is to have some repairs effected to her boilers, and that the Victorian, which has just received improvements similar to those of the South Australian, will take her berth. La-t- BtTtrrtss. — Mr. Krichauff has given notice that he will move in the House ot Assembly next 'Wednesday for a return showing: — '1. Amount of purchase-money due on credit selections for the financial year 1S77 78\. 2. Amount of purchase-money for which extension of time was allowed for one or more years (separately) during 1S77-78. 3. (a) Amount actually received 1877-78, and (&) for July and August, 1373. 4. Amount paid iu advance after the expiration of the fifth year. 5\. Number of selectors who have availed them selves of the provisions of the Consolidated Land Act, 1877, to date. 6. Number who after application for such purposes have withdrawn their application.' On the same day Mr.Cooke will ask for a return giving the information upon the following points:— '1. 'What is the total quantity of laud that has been surveyed in hundreds situate within the County of Flinders within the last two years ? 2. 'What has been the total cost of surveying the said land ? 3. 'What quantity of hind has been sold of lands surveyed within the last two years within the County of Flinders ; and the total amount of purchase-money to be paid for same ? 4\. 'What is the total quantity of surveyed lands now lying open for sale within the County of Flinders 't 5. What report did the Deputy Sur veyor-General give of land in and adjoining the Hundred of Koppio ?' Phixhabhosic Society.— The annual meet ing of the Philharmonic Society was held on Thursday evening at the Liedertafel Hall ; Mr. 0\. Hack in the chair. The balance-sheet was brought up and adopted. The report was read, amended, and adopted. The Committee expressed regret that the last year had not been bo successful financially as could be wished, but they did not consider there was any cause for apprehension as to the future, aa it had originated in circumstances not at all likely to recur. In a musical point of view there was great cause for congratulation. The Society had during the year given three extra concerts, and in no instance bad a failure occurred. From this the Society was chiefly indebted to the energy of the Hon. Con ductor — his constant attendance and unceasing labour in its behalf. During the past year 46' new members had been admitted, but the atteu dance at the weekly rehearsals was not so regular as could have been wished. The Com mittee concluded by some recommendations for increasing the efficiency of the Society. Its aim was to cultivate and encourage a taste for a higher and better class of music than thar usually heard in places of music, but it was only when a large body of amateurs would sub mit to the training so absolutely necessary that the works of the great masters could be produced. The following officers were ap pointed for the ensuing year: — Hon. Conductor, Mr. A. Landergan; Hon. Secretary, Mr. H. Charlton ; Treasurer, Mr. £. Spiller ; Librarian, Mr. J. Bowen ; Committee, the Very Rev. the Dean of Adelaide, the Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. J. Henderson, Rev. R. Fletcher, Hon. J. Colton, Mr. J. Darling, MJP., Mr. L. L. Forner, MJ?., Mr. J. Gordon, Mr. J. H. Gartrell, Mr. G. Samson, and Mr. J. Felstead. Votes of thanks were accorded to the retiring officers, and the valuable services of Mr. Landergan and Mr. G. T. Harris (Secretary) were specially referred to in eulogistic terms. A good deal of routine business having been gone through, the proceedings were terminated with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. Ramford's Ghosts. — The announcement that a change of programme was to be given at 'White's Rooms on Thursday evening, and that Miss Amy Horton was to take her benefit, did not draw such a large house as was expected. The mirth-provoking burlesque ** The Two Othellos' was repeated, as was also 'Pat the Bailiff.' The ghost illusions mystified the audience as completely as ever and caused considerable merriment. During the evening Miss Horton sang several characteristic songs in her most pleasing manner, and at the conclusion a number of bouquets and a very handsome wreath were presented to her amidst much applause. A lady amateur with a pleasing voice also sang two ballads. Oddfellows' Pickic— On the invitation of the District Officers of the G.U.O.OJF., a meeting of representatives of , city and suburban lodges was held at the Prince Albert Lodge-room, Wellington Inn, Currie-street, on 'Wednesday evening, August 28, to make arrangementi for the holding of a picnic during the summer holi days for the benefit of the 'Widow and Orphan Fund of the Order. All the District Officers were present, as well as abont 30 brothers repre senting the following Lodges : —Apollo and Hercules, Duke of York, Prince Albert. Cumber land, Duke of Kent, Duke of Portland, Princess Royal, Rose of Sharon, Hope Valley, and New land. The G.M. was appointed Chairman, and the C.S. Secretary and Treasurer tc the General Picnic Committee. It was unanimously re solved that the picnic be held at the Exhibition Building on January 1, 1879. On this being decided the Chairman intimated that the Dis trict Officers had anticipated such a decision, and bad some- time ago secured the use of the building and grounds for that day, and had pud the usual fees. After Sub- Committees had been appointed to attend to the sports and amuse ments, band, refreshments, and printing, the meeting adjourned. Church of Emolakd Sunday- School Union — The third quarterly meeting of this Union was held in the Church Office on Tuesday even icg, August 27. There was a good attendance and the Vice-President, Mr. Holmes, presided The Secretary reported as to what had been done by the General Committee during the pist quarter, and that 37 teachers had entered for the competitive examination. The following By-law was passed : — ' That papers to lie read at the quarterly meetings of this Union shall be desig nated long papers and short papers — that long papers be read first, and shall not occupy more than half an boor in reading ; and that short papers shall nut occupy more than a quarter of an hour in reading.' The Rev. Thomas Field, M.A., read a paper on ' The work of the typical Sunday-school,' and a paper on ' How to retain our senior scholars' was read by Mr. Rolfe Beaumont, of Trinity Church School, Adelaide. Both papers were very interesting and elicited discussion. The meeting was opened and closed with hymn and prayer. The Adelaide and Mitchah Tbahwat. — We understand that the first rail of the pro posed TJnley aad Mitcham Tramway will be laid en Monday next by Mr. 'W. Townsend, 1LP., the Chairman of the Directors, in the roadway near the Green Dragon Hotel, South terrace. The Company have, we believe, decided to commence laying the rails along the Mitcham-roadfrom the place named, though the line will ultimately come down Flinders-street to the corner of Victoria-square. Particulars as to the ceremony will appear in our advertising columns in due course. Local Court at Luctndalb. — Messrs. Henning, MP-, and Hardy, M.P., members for the District of Albert, waited npon the Attorney General and presented a ^memorial asking that a Local Court might be established at Lucin dale. The Attorney-General promised to obtain a report, and, if possible, comply- with the request of the memorialists. Cbdos al SmTHGS.— The next sittings on the criminal side of the Supreme Court will open on Tuesday, September 10. Prbsestatioh to Me. A. S. Nmix. — Tea and public meetings took place at the Albertor. Baptist Church on 'Wednesday night, Angnsi 28, and at the open gathering Mr. A. S. Neil] was presented with a handsome emu inkstanc on the occasion of his return from a visit tc 'Rr- gTfflnd This Evehctg's Cokceet. — The concert to be given this evening by Madame Tasca in the Town Hall promises to be a brilliant success. Tn« Excellency and Lady Jervois have signified their pleasure to be present, and the programme contains several 'gems of purest ray serene.' Amongst these are Beethoven's sonata in A list, which will be remembered as containing the. splendid funeral march; Mendelssohn's sonata in D for the piano and violoncello, to be per formed by Madame Tasca and Mr. Reed ; aud Thalberg's famous arrangement of 'Horns. Sweet Home,' with variations for the left hand only, which Madame Tasca executed with such marvellous skill at her first concert. The concert is for the special benefit of this talented lady, and the public should not lose the oppor tunity of hearing her, for the visits of musicians of such high standing are few and far between. Mishaps on the Poht Ldjb. — There was some excitement at the Adelaide Railway Station on the late arrival of the S.45 (rain from the Semaphore on Thursday morning, August 29. It was over a quarter of an hour behind time, a&d; arrived with ropes round the buffers. On leaving the Port Station it appears the train took the wrong line sear Dunn's mill, and ran into a truck. The front of the engine was damaged, and it became necessary to bind it with ropes before proceeding on the journey. The accident, we understand, was caused in consequence of ugleet to set the points properly, and it is estimated that it will cost nearly £100 to repair the damage done to the rolling-stock. The 5 o'clock afternoon train from the Semaphore also met with a mishap on arrival at the Port Station. The train was a very long one, the engine of which on coming to the points tcok the wrong line, bat the carriages went off the lines altogether. The engine before it was stopped had traversed about 60 yards on the wrong metals, the result being that four or five of the front carriages were dragged along the road, and then left twisted, the buffer of one coach overlappping another. The explanation so far as we can learn is that there was a stone on the line. It is stated that the points were properly set, but that when the train came up a stone was found on the off metal at the exact spot where the lines separate^ The engine jolted over the stone, and in doing so jumped on the wrong liue. The stoneby this time being crushed, the coaches took the inside line and the engine the outside. In support of this statement a crushed stone was afterwards found on the line which bore the trace of the wheels of the engine. To get the coaches on the line again was a work of three quarters of an hour, in doing which the roadway was much cut up. One trip to the Semaphore was not run. The affair drew a large crowd of onlookers, and among the various opinions asserted was that the trains obtained too high a speed in turning the curve where the accident happened, and that the metals themselves are capable of improvement. Bctldihg Improvements at Port Adelaide. — A block of three two-story dwelling- houses lias just been completed in St. Paul's-square and Quebec-street, Port Adelaide, for Mr. J. A, Rann, from the designsof Mr. John Ran a, builder. Messrs. Nock k Powell were the contractors, and the block forms a nice addition to the building improvements of Port Adelaide. ' Accident to FusruBR.— This well-known steeplechaser met with an accident on Thursday morning whilst training on the Old Adelaide Conrse. He was going over the hurdles with Shylie Bawn, and in coming into the straight the mare and he came into collision. Fusilier was knocked against the fence, and his leg was badly cut, so that it is feared he may not be able to fulfil his engagement next month in consequence. Theatre Royal. — The extravagarza of ' Ivanhoe' was repeated on Thursday night by Miss LydiaHowarde's company before a crowded house in all parts. The performance passed off very smoothly, and the principal artistes, par ticularly Miss Minnie Fischer and Miss Maggie Knight, were enthusiastically applauded. The same piece will be given to-night. Pleasast Gathering. — ©n Tuesday evening August 27, a tea party was given in St. Francis Xavier's Hall to the children who sang at the concert on the 6th of August, and friends in vited by them. There were about 159 present all of whom enjoyed themselves thoroughly until after 10 o'clock. The- 'Weather iw thh Areas. — The Areas Express writes :— ' The weather shows signs of approaching summer. During the past few days it has been pleasantly warm. The crops are growing magnificently and the country presents a very pleasing appearance.' ENTERTAINMENT. — A very successful enter- tainment was gives in the Institute Hall. Glenelg, on Thursday evening, August 29, by the pupils of the Glenelg Grammar School, assisted by well-known lady and gentleman amateurs. The proceeds were on behalf of the local Cricket and Football Club. The spacious hall was crowded early, and there was scarcely standing room for late comers. The programme consisted of vocal and instrumental music, varied by a farce entitled 'Make your Wills,' and a Christy Minstrel concert, which took admirably. The musical director was Mr. T. W. Lyons, the pianist for the first part of the programme a lady amateur, and for the Christys Mr. R. C. Castle. The singing class gave several choruses most creditably, the best rendered of which was ' See our Oars.' Miss Peryman was very effective in the beautiful solo, ' Dublin Bay.' Messrs. J. H. Lyons and Jos. J. Sharp created a pleasant diversion by singing the popular 'Bold Gendarmes' in character; and Messrs. J. J. Sharp, J. H. Reid, F. Johnson, Billin, Spence, J. H. Lyons, and Miss Peryman carried out the farce 'Make your Wills' very spiritedly. The very large attendance must have been encouraging to the promoters of the entertainment, and the financial results accept- able to the Clcb. Forestrt.— On Monday night, August 26, the 'Warooka Court was opened by the District Secretary, R. 'Winter, and P.C.R. Joseph Hanton, of Adelaide. The following gentlemen filled the various offices on that occasion as representatives of Court Melville, in addition to the District Officers :— District Secretary R. Winter as C.R.; P.C.R. J. Hanton as the S.CJt; Secretary, Geo. H. Heaney; S.W., W. Cook; Junior 'Woodward, P. F. Clark. P.C. Rangers 'Woods and SHI, CJK. Thormahlen, and a number of the brethren were present The dispensation having been read by District Secretary 'Winter, Court 'Warooka, No. 5446, was declared duly opened, and 13 new members were initiated and admitted as brothers of the Order. Bro. F. J. Hodges was elected C.R., Bro. F. Holds worth S.C.R., and D. Roper Secretary At the close of the meeting the members of the Court entertained the District Officers and Visiting Brothers from Court Melville. Dis Sec. Melville occupied the chair. The usual loyal toasts were duly honoured. Mr. W. O'Grady proposed u The Parliament of South Australia' in a very eulogistic speech, which was responded to by Sec. Hesney. The Chairman proposed 'Court 'Warooka, Success to it,'' which was responded to by S.C.R. Hodges. Other toasts were duly honoured. Several excellent songs were sang daring the evening. Steak Road-Roller Casb. — The St. Kilda Council was sued on Monday, August 26, in the Supreme Court by Mr. A. S. Levy, a commercial traveller, residing in Fitzroy, for damages for injuries -he sustained through the Council's negligence. On the 30th April last (states the Argus) Mr. Levy was proceeding up High-street in a buggy, when his horse took fright _at _ a steam-roller. It was contended for the plaintiff that the Corporation had no right to employ the roller unless it closed the street from traffic. For the Corporation it was contended that notice had been put np notifying that the traffic was stopped ; bat the plaintiff said he did not see the notice. Mr. Justice Barry left it to the Jury to say whether the plaintiff could have avoided the accident by the exercise of reasonable prudence, and if not, whether the defendants had adopted all proper precautions to prevent an accident. The Jury, by a majority of two-thirds, gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £28 10a. 'Wesletax School at Rbdrxtth.— On Monday afternoon, August 26, the foundation-stone of a new Bchool in connection with the 'Wesleyan Chapel was laid on a piece of land adjoining the chapel by Mrs. Bruse. A statement of the accounts was read by Mr. Holder, and after a short address by the Rev. R. W. Campbell dona tions to the amount of £24 were laifl on the stone. A tea meeting and a numerously attended public meeting were held in the evening, pre sided over by the Rev. R. W. Campbell, who st »ted that the total cost of the building would be nearly £S00, towards which there were — Dona- tions before service, £230 ; Sunday collection, £13 ; tea, £12 ; rroney laid on the stone, £34, amounting in all to £279 ; besides which the ladies hoped to raise £200 by a bazaar. Mr. J. Paull, Mr. Burgess (of Black Springs). Dr. Stephens, and the Rev. H. T. Burgess severally addressed the meeting, and the choir sang some ?acred pieces very effectively. Presentation to Mb. W. Cbbswick. — On Thursday afternoon a number of gentlemen met at the York Hotel for the purpose of presenting a testimonial to Mr. 'William Cretwick before he left the colony. The gift, a handsome diamond ring, was presented by Mr. E. Ward. MJ»., in a graceful speech in which he referred to the satisfaction which had been expressed when at the cpening of the new Theatre, the manager, Mr. Allison stated his intention to eDgageMr.Creswickforaseason. Mr. Cres wick's pa me had been a household word to many present in their earlier years, and those who had not previously seen him were gratified with the chance that had been afforded them of witness ing the performance of a gentleman who had long occupied one of the leading positions on the English stage. They felt that they would cot have been doing their duty had they per mitted Mr. Creswick to depart without some tangible token of their appreciation, and the idea of making him that presentation bad been originated by a lady occupying \ high position in society, and had been heartily responded to. They all hoped Mr. Creswick's life might long be spared, and that he might retain bis health and full powers for many long years to come. (Cheers.) Mr. Creswick in responding said it was especially pleasing to a man in his position to receive such recognitions. The compliment was much enhanced by the the manner in which it had been tendered. It was by him entirely unexpected, and he felt Joufaly gratified, for be believed that it was a token of private as well as public feeling. His rliief reason for comiDg to Australia was that he felt sure that the Colonies must be well filled with many of those who had seen him in the }ld country, and who would probably be glad to igain witness his performances. He had been fully justified, for he had found much high intelligence in the Colonies and a. full apprecia tion of the legitimate drama. He had had presentations made to him in Melbourne and Sydney — presentations which had been quite ?pontanecus and unexpected by him. His life iince he landed in Australia had been one of ;uiet enjoyment. His object in visiting these ?bores was not altogether that of gain, though be was not such a fool as to refuse any good :ifts which fortune might bestow upon him. He bad always thought that if a man wished to be honoured and respected his best plan was to seek to attain to excellence in his profession, and that end he had striven to reach — (cheers) — and be was even yet told that he was an improving tonng man. (Laughter.) It did not require the handsome present they had made him to keep Adelaide in bis memory, for of South Australia, its people, and climate he would carry with him nothing but the happiest recollections. Nothing would suit him better than to make Adelaide his home altogether. Then possibly they would find they had too much of him. [No, no.) In conclusion, he wished to make a few remarks which he had omitted to do on the QigLt of his benefit, as he was then somewhat pxcited and found it a little difficult on the ?pur of the moment to roll himself out of the character of 'William Tell into the character of William Creswick. (Laughter.) He forgot to render the thanks that he felt were due to Mr. Allison, the manager, for the excellent manner in which he had placed the various plays upon the stage, to the company for the hearty way in which they had supported him, and the desire manifested to carry out his wishes, and also to Mr. Sail, the members of the orchestra, and all the employes of the theatre who had contributed to smooth his path. He must thank the Press also for its treatment of him. Though previously he had not been acqnainted with any of its members he had been treated in the fairest and most cordial manner. He would say that a more honest, intelligent, and outspoken Press be had not met with in his long experience. (Cheers.) Mr. 'W. K. Simms, M.P., proposed ' The Health of Mr. Allison,' who humorously responded. Mr. 'W. Reynolds proposed ' Miss Creswick,' for whom Mr. Creswick replied. Mr. A. von Treuer proposed 'Mr. E. Chapman,' the proprietor of the theatre. Mr. Chapman, in replying, proposed 'Mr. 'W. J. Holloway,' the stage manager, to whom he referred in com plimentary terms. Mr. Creswick supported. He thought they would grant that he spoke with some authority, and he said unreservedly that for energy, tact, modesty, and general effi cieLcy in a position that tried a man's temper veiy considerably he had not seen Mr. Hclloway excelled. (Cheers.) Mr. Holloway returned thanks, and said that he was now on hie third visit to Adelaide. His first had been mede five years before, and he was pleased to fk d that he was now received better by the Press and public than on any former visit, so he supposed he must be improving. (Applause.) He had agreed with Mr. Allison to take the stage management of the .theatre next year, and — he mighl add— had refused a similar posi tion in the largest theatre in Australia to do so. (Applause.) The toast of ' The Press,' which was suitably responded to, brought the pro ceedings to a close. The Coorojcq at Rivoli Bat. — A gooi deal of indignation prevails at Rivoli Bay at what is regarded as the cavalier treatment of the steamer Coorong on her visit last week. It was blowing heavily at the time and the bay had an ugly look. Captain Dowell, however, came to tl e anchorage, but before he could communicate v. ith the shore steamed off again. Some 17 pas -engers were waiting a lull to go off to the. steamer, and were of course much disappointed when they saw her steam away. Captain Dowell telegraphed from Kingston that he left Rivoli Bay after waiting an hoar owing to the heavy weather. Captain Dowell's well-known anxiety to oblige every one will (remarks the Border Watch) free him from the accusation of causing disappointment without good reason. SCAHCTTT OP LABOtm E* THH AREAS.— Re- ferring to the scarcity of labour in the country districts, the Areas Express remarks: — 'The concluding portion of the Scriptural sentiment 'The harvest is plentiful and the labourers few' was perhaps never better exemplified than during the present season in the Areas. The scarcity of good labourers, or in fact labourers of any quality, has compelled fanners to allow their land to remain uufallowed when it should have been under preparation for the coming seaf on. Ploughmen are not to be obtained at any price, and agriculturists have recourse to the employment (when such a chance occurs) of unskilled labourers, knockabout hands, who are fitted for nothing better than to do the ' wallaby.' The inconvenience suffered by the farmer consequent upon this scarcity of labour places him under a great disadvantage, for, as a contemporary has pointed out, 'the result of bad ploughing is inferior crops.' We have in previous articles referred to the absolute lack of system observed by the Government and their emigration agents in the importation of suitable emigrants so as to meet oar require merits in the department of labour. Auy man of ordinary intelligence will recognise the fact that in a proportionate ratio with our sub jugation of new areas and the extension of agricultural pursuits labour must be imported to rreet the requirements resulting therefrom; and it is surely an easy matter for the authori ties to form a pretty correct notion of what these requirements will be. Steps should be taken without delay to ensure a steady importa tion of labour, being careful however not to over step the bounds.' Cakowib Sttd Bams. — The fine South Austra lian Merino rams from the Oanowie stud flock attracted a good deal of attention in Melbourne on the part of nockmasters. It may be stated (says the Argus) that the average weight of the wool of 52^97 sheep shorn at the last Canowie shearing was 8 lbs. 15i ozs. for each sheep, and 4 lbs. 5|ozs. for each lamb, which are great weights, not only for lambs but also for sheep, and especially so when it is considered that nearly all the wethers had been cleared eff to make room for the breeding stock, as is shown in the following station returns of the shearing, viz:— Breeding ewes, 19,819; lambs, 18,323; jonng ewes, 9,804; two-tooth wethers, 4,643; wethers, rams, and ration sheep, 2^$63. Total, 52,997. Steak CosanancATios with England. — The Chief Secretary has had a long interview with Messrs. Anderson and Green, the managers of the Orient Line of steamers, at which the ques tion of steam communication with England in connection with the new arrangements for the mail service which will shortly have to be entered on was folly discussed. Those gentle men (states the Argus) expressed the willing ness of the Company they represent to under take a service which should satisfactorily meet the requirements of these color ies either via the Cape or by the Suez Oaiial, though the latter route was considered undoubtedly the best for mail purposes. Mr. Berry intimated that it was the intention of the Government to call for tenders for a mail service in order to enable any Company to compete. Bible Christian Chapel, Glawvillh.— It will be Been by advertisement that the memorial stone of the new Bible Christian Chapel, Glan ville, is to be laid by His Honor the Chief Justice on Saturday afternoon, the 31st. 6* 'Worth Knowinq. — That the Largest Clothing and Tailoring Premises in Adelaide, and the Best, tnoitStylish, and Cheapest Selection of Men's, Yontfcj', and BojY Clothing acd Outfitting!, ii at G. tndW.Shierlaw'i.GlaKowHouM U, Hlndley^treet Proot U the teit ; try them. cr 