SPECIALITIES. THERE exist three distinct theories regarding the nature of marriage; one setting it forth as a civil contract, another as a sacrament, and a third as a joke. Since the last of these opinions ia only entertained previous to experiment, and ttever after, we may leave it out of account, as not in accordance with the scientific spirit of the age. With regard to the other two, we must say that though our natural reason would lead us to declare in favor of the first, the sentimental part of our natn-re, when it came to our own turn to make'th'e experiment, refused to be satisfied without blessing of the Church. It made ua feel that, we were doing something supernaturally good in getting thinga fixed to our mind, and that thero was an inward and spiritual grace knocking about somewhere in tbe proceedings that converted our self-satisfaction into aome thing divine. It may have cost us some effort to lay the cold ghost of our politico-economical rationalism, and' humbly submit ourselves to tbe operation of a mystic ceremonial We don't say it' did, and we don't bay it didn't But we aVsAy that it never occurred to us that there a very aimple method of reconciling reason and faith. It never oo* curred to us that we could double-bank the business, and bring the civil and the sacred into Bimultaneou*', operation, and into perfect bar* mony.'Of courao we were aware that our French frienda are jp the habit of get—ng married by the Maire, and then winding up the affair with a Becond and distinct ceremony of a sacramental nature ; but this is a tedious and dislocated way of doing things, and closely akin to making two bites of a cherry. We have received, however, an unexpected access of enlightenment from the North, which shows that it ia quite poaaible for the Church and the World to combine harmoni ously as elements in the celebration of matri mony. We copy the following announcement from the Oooktown Herald ot the 28th'Ultimo, altering, of oourse, the names of the parties moet tenderly concerned in the transaction :—" At the office of the District Registrar, by Jamea Clarke Baird, Esq., assisted by the Rev. S. M'Farlane, John Smith, of Thornborough, to Mrs. Jane Jones, of the same place." If ever we have the chance again, we know now what to da.' Tou see, it never crossed our mind that the Church would be willing to play second fiddle in the Wedding March. Verfty, time* must have won derfully changed whoa the Ghuieh oondooccnda to play acolyte to a district reg-tst-rar. We. are inclined to lay great, stress on thia little event ap north. It is precisely what swell writers on achooU of thought and aueh like woald call **a new departure.'' Aad by .the-way, If this form of tying the knot ehould become popular, H trill be as well to have a name for it. -Now, experts at knot*inak—g exhibit ah intricate oonvolation of special validity, wbieh they' <*lt " the double •ling" Will that do? -.■*•• -.. Bout people has got monney and i*.o braces; and some people 1-s rat bra-sea and no uuau-tsy." 80 wrote Blr Roger Charles Tichborne, Bart, before he renounced^ this pomfc and vanities ot, this wicked and ungrateful world, and sought the waters of oblivion in the renownod monastic establishment at Dartmoor, where he contentedly plies one oi her Majesty's sewing mat-hinee. The famous baronet's aphorism is all very well so far as it goes, but, unfortunately, it doesn't go far enough. He seems to hata ignored the existence of that prominent section of hu_anity which, while it has got neither - munney" nor "braaes," possssses that whkh ie of far mbre value than eitlMr or both—namely "cJkdc" The copybooks teU ua that "Honesty is the beet of policy," " Virtue ta itm own reward," and the Uke. We brag of our scientific disooveries ; atad talk mag* niloquently of every hew 'graph, or 'ometer that comes out. But what result of modern civilisa tion will at all compare with - cheek f We hope our readers will not look upon us ss " lying scribblers" when we deliberately assert that we do occasionally - read the electioneering addressee of aome of those fervid patriots who are yearning lo consume their energies in the interests of their fellow colonists. There is hardly any sacrifice they are not prepared to make, even to the neglect of their ''visible means of support," when they happen to have auy to neglect. lan't it lovely ? And the only return they expect or get for all this self- immola tion is a stray salute from a " bobby," and good square meals at a shilling a head while they are engaged in their legialative duties. One of these philanthropists haa come forward in consequence of " the landmarks of Liberalism" having been "demolished." He is going to stick them up again and scoop out the channels afresh, so that as the tide of a "Regulated Immigration" sweeps by, tempered with "Free Selection" and "Railway Extension (wherever wanted)," the work wUI show such marks of "stability and political consistency" tbat not even floodß of Parliamentary eloquence will affect it injuriously. He "has ben for" many yeara working silently for South Brisbane and Kangaroo Point. He has conceived a " scheme," which, when it takes a.practical form, will be a priceless boon to the colony at large. Like all really great discoveries, it ia simplicity itself, but he has brooded over it since the year of our Lord 1865. Think of that 1 It ia nothing more or less than having separate wharves for the imports and exports. Things get mixed up so eaaily that, considering how the shipping business is at preeent conducted, a bag of onions might be sent to London instead of a bale of wooL Kangaroo Point ia to be the im port wharf, and the river bank at South Brisbane will be nicely levelled and converted into an export wharf. There might certainly be some little difficuly about the quantity ot exports, and " ocean-going ship*" might not be able to get up to the wharf ; but these are mere trilles. In any case, the wharf would be a magnificent promenade on moonlight nights. Although tbia candidate ia content to serve as a simple Volun teer in the Legislative army, and devote himself to coal-6hooti»g, kc, yet he can a_ert himself when it is necessary to do so. -Did hs aot, as he. candidly tells us," materially assist in placing the present servile Ministry in power ?" and doea he not now threaten to turn them out ? Really;' if' South Briabane doesn't have him, or at least Kangaroo Point, after all he haa done for them, they will be guilty of the blackest ingratitude. Not long ago Goondiwindi became the scene of an extraordinary Revival. One would have thought it was too remotely situated on the confines of space to come under any higher spiritual influenoe than such as oould be trans* mitted by dray. Indeed, there could be no stronger practical proof of the übiquity' of what Emerson calls " the Oversold" than the fact that the scope of its influenoe includes Goondiwindi . . . We pause for one brief -moment to allow tbe charge of blasphemy to be hVirled at ns : and, having received it innoouons, we beg to state that we ara not speaking of a religious Revival at all. It was the M sthetioal Oversoul that breathed upon our uttermost borders, when all Qoondiwiudi burst into musio and song. It was a singular epidemic Never in so small a township wtu there auch a rush on musical instruments, such tooting and strumming and fiddle-de-deaing. From tho piano (forty is far below tbe mark) to the popular Goondiwind* instrument, the human whistle, not to mention the vibrating surface of the keroeine case, the entire range of musical artifice was exhausted for the production of aweet (?) Bounds. The whole town was set to music. Their very meat was taken from scales, abd even their drinks were measured out in bars. It was not to be expeoted that so beneficent a Renaissance should pass over without leaving some good effects on the mind of the Goondiwindi community. We have always been taught that there ia an intimate oonneotion between music and religion, and the caae in hand (not the kerosine case) furnishes strong proof of this affinity. We have it on good authority that a Goondiwindi gentleman, of the name of Jones, was caught by the general contagion, but an* fortunately was unable to play on any other in* Btrument than a double-barrelled gun. Now, though this is an instrument of good report, its detonations are justly held tb make a d-cord with the even tenor of the Sabbath day; and accordingly, when Jonea, by way qf emptying his gun. let off a roulade, on the first day of the week, the, purified sentiment of the community embodied in the person of Constable Barton (a Bass performer, we imay bitterly Surmise) with, a staccato touch on poor Jones' ■houlder, compelled bim to perform ap obit goto; movement toward the watch-house. We have) not heard the end of the atory yet, but we have no doubt that by thia time Jones has been tried a*-td executed. Now, if auoh is the eflttot, of music on the social mind, we would re* ettamend those to whom Sabbath- desecration is thk unpardonable sin, instead'bf iscattering tracts on the subject, to go in for a grataitooa distti* butioh of musical instruments. Jews' hajpa, for instance, would make an admirable first step in a gradation toward 'Hebrew psalmody, while SuadfcyptigilieU might be reclaimed with mt—taal bosses. Be not offended, good people. This i* just a little scher&ndo; passage. Capisce 1 