AMUSEMENTS AND SOCIAL. Wo have eujoyed almost a plethora of amusements siuce our lust letter. 'Early in tho month tli Dmvsnt Dramatic Club gave a complimentary benefit to Mrs. Luptoti, in the Theatre Royal, which wm not over-well attended on tho occasion. The pieco selected was " Timo and the Hour," and, though fairly playud, it was not nearly bo well enjoyed as the club's previous one— "Blow for Blow,"... About tho same time, a similar compliment was, in the same place, presented by his pupils to Professor West, and it was numerously attended, though the weather was decidedly against it. Amongst those present was ills Excellency the Governor, accompanied by some of the junior members of his family, aud the hon. J. W. Agnew: nnd attended by Lieut.-Col. St. Hill, with Captains Smith and Evaus. We also noticed Lieuts. Roblin, Free man, Burgess, Betts, Stone, and Wostbrook ; as well as several members of the Artillery ami Rille Corps, in uniform. The combats and athletic performances were excellent.. .On the 14th instant, a miscellaneous concert was given in the Theatre, in aid of the baud fund of tho Southern Tasmanian Volunteer Artillery CorpK. Amongst those present were— His Worship the Mayor aud some of the alder men, tho hon. Colonial Secretary, all the officers of tho artillery corps, nnd many influen tial citizons, as welt as a large muster of mem bers of the artillery and rifle regiments. Tho principal items on tho programme wero those rendered by tiio baud, and the manner in which they acquitted themselves is worthy of much praise. Since bis induction as leader and instructor, Hcrr Schott has taught tho members thoroughly, aud at the rate thoy are improving, they should noon be come ono of the best bands in tho colonics. They played several good selections, and the remainder of the progratnmo was filled in with agreeable vocal music and recitations. The house was crowded tn excess.. ..On the 18th Mr. Wheutleigh, u capital actor, opened in thu same building, in "The Shaughrauu," under the management of Messrs. Byrne ami Barry, wlio havo had very good bouses ever since, and nro likely to have many more. The company, which is far above the average, have also pro duced " Arrah-na-Pogue " ami " Kerry." Mr. Whittiugtniij the agent, informs us that several other good pieces are to be put on the hoards. ...On thu 26th Master Hutchinson, not inaptly stylud "The Infant Mozart," gave some of his truly wonderful pianoforte performances in the Tastnanian Hall, and wan, on the following night, honored by a visit from His Excellency the Governor, and many other notabili ties. The prodigy has since gone up the country. ... On tho following evening a vory pleasant entertainment was given in St. Joseph's school-room by a number of well- known and popular amateurs, including Messrs. Humphries, Calinghan, Clarke, Sands, and Farreil...On the 29th an entertainment, entitled " D'Arcy Read's Ghost," was given for the first time in the Town Hall, and tho clever optical illusions, caused by mirrors, lights, shades, and other matters known only to the thoroughly initiated, were heartily enjoyed by a large audience. " The Ghost " has since been even better patronised;.. On the 22nd a ball was given in tho Town llall in aid of the Volunteer Artillery Band, and it proved a groat success, about 400 being present Among them wero His Excellency tlie Governor, attended by Lieut. -Colonel St. Hill, His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson, the Colonial Secretary, the Attorney- General, Colonol Grey, ami Captain Boddam. Mr. C. D. Huywood catered in his usually ex cellent manner ; iirst-rntu music was supplied by Messrs. Dentith and Fowler's quadrille band; and Ilerr Hchott, the bandmaster, per formed fotnc highly appreciable selections on the organ. 