MEDICAL. HYDROPHOBIA.-A note in Land and lFaier seems to inculcate the possibility of there being no such disease as hydrophobia after - all, hat that it is really a nervous affection similar to tetanus. Hartwig cites 137 dogs bitten by rabid dogs, and of all these only sis died with symptoms of hydrophobia, while tho rest re mained perfectly .well.' According to Buck muller, after extensive experiments in inocula tion, entirely different symptoms, such , as nervous fevers, catarrhal fevers, inflammation of the lungs, &c.;, ensued: and inoculation with the blood of dogs supposed to be rabid showed no ill effect whatever! On the other hand, however, cases of assumed hydrophobia have occurred, produced by wounds of tho most trivial nature, such as a scratch with an iron nail, hardly drawing blood. Maschka relates the case ot a man who died of a slight scratch, upon his nose from the paw of a dog. Yet this case, after a carefully conducted pott-mortem examination, gave no other indications than such as tetanus reveals. The sum of all this is, Mr. Bergh maintains, that the mind is master of the situation; to which we may add that a doctor once told us that he had known many cases where a patient had died from pure fright. WHY SOU? IS WIIOLESOSEE.-The Food Jour nal says: u Physiologically, soup has great value for those who hurry to and from their meals, as it allows an interval of comparative rest to tho fainting 6tomach before the more substantial be of and mutton is attacked, rest before solid food being as important as rest after it. Let a hungry and weary merchant or lawyer rush in medics res-plunge boldly into roast beef, and what is the result? The defeat is often as precipitate as was the attack. When the body is weary, the stomach must be identi fied with it, and cannot therefore stand the shock of some ill-masticated half-pound of beef. But if a small plateful of light soup be gently insinuated into the system, nourishment will soon be introduced, and strength will follow to receive more substantial material." CHILDREN* AND THE OTZS Ant.-It is a curious physiological fact (says a London paper) that, although open air life is so favourable to health, yet it has the appareii t effect of stunting growth in early youth. Let two children be brought up together, ono made to "rough it" out of doors, and the other carefully tended and kept within ; other things being equal, the boy of the drawing-room will be taller and to all appearance more developed than his companion, 'lhe labourers' children, for instance, who play in the lonely country road3 and fields all day, whose parents lock their cottage doors when leaving for work in the moming, so that their offspring shall not gain entrance and get into mischief, are almost invariably short for their age. The children of working farmers exhibit the same peculiarity. After sixteen or eighteen, after years of hesitation as it were, the lads suddenly shoot up, and become great hulking broad fellows, possessed of immense strength. Hence it would seem that indoor lifeforce3 growth at the wrong pariod, and s;> injures. PITTING IN SitAii-Pox.-Mr. Gregory, of Merchants' College, Blackpool, believes that "pitting," the sad and permanent result of small-pax, ought rarely to be seen in any civilised community. He starts with these facts, that poor people are pitted least, higher class people are pitted most, and no class of people are pitted under their dress. Poor people have less light in their homes, tho higher Mass plenty of light, and nnder the dress there is less light than either case. The explanation is a scientific one.. The sunlight consists of three primary colours. The red, tho blue, and the yellow rays have distinct and characteristic properties. The yellow give us light, the red give us heat, and the blue actinism. It is the actinic influence of the blue rays which, in Mr. Gregory's theory, causes " pitting." No seed will germinate, and young plants will soon perish, if the chemioally active rays, that is, the actinic rays, are filtered from the sunlight. A yellow blind drawn over a window will absorb all tho actinic rays. The pus of variolar pustules absorbs by its yellow medium the actinic rays, which results in corrosion of the tender flesh at the base, and thus leaves the dreaded permanent" pitting." HOLLOWAY'S PILLS -Nervous Debility.-N part of the human machine requires more watching than the nervous system-upon it hangs health and life itself. These Pills are the best regulators and strengthened of the nerves, and the safest general purifiers. Nausea, headache, giddiness, numbness, and mental apathy yield to them. They despatch in a summary manner those distressing dyspeptic symptoms, stomachic pains, fulness at the pit of the stomach, abdominal distension, and over come both capricious appetites and confined bowels-the commonly accompanying signs of defective or deranged nervous power. Hollo way's Pills are particularly recommended to persons of studious and sedentary habits, who gradually sink into a nervous and debilitated state unless some such restorative be occasion ally taken.-[ADVT.] IN a provincial theatre, where " Macbeth" was recently played by a clever man, who was also a great favourite with the audience, in the banquet scene, he had delivered his words to the ghost of Banquoy "Hence! hence! hence!" when he dropped on his knee, covering his face with his robe, aud shuddering convulsively. Just as the applause was over, a youth in the gallery, carried away with the intensity of the acting, cried out, " it's all right now, Smith; he*a gone." A MINISTER in the North was taking to tusk one of his hearers . who was a frequent absentee, and the accused defended himself on tho plea of a dislike to long sermons. " 'Deed man,' said his reverend monitor; a littlo nettled at the insinuation, "if ye dinna mend, yo may land yerself where ye'll ria be troubled wf many sermons, cither long or short." 14 Weel, aiblins (perhaps) sae,'' retorted John, but it may be na for want o' ministers." 