BOURKE STREET CONGREGA- TIONAL CHURCH, On Saturday afternoon the ceremony of laying the foundation and memorial stones of a fine new Congregational church, to be erected on the site of the old iron church, in Bourke-street, Surry Hills, took place in the presence of a large concourse of spectators. At 2 o'clock a considerable company sat down to a cold collation in the schoolroom. Among those present were the Rev. T. Johnson, pastor of the church, Rev. W. Slatyer, Rev. Dr. Steel, Rev. Dr. Kelynack, Revs. P. H. Cornford, J. G. Fraser, M.A., C. Pitman, C. Hardie, G. G. How- den, A. G. Fry, S. Savage, E. Robinson, J. P. Sunderland, J. Rickard, J. Olley, A. Lloyd, W. J. Webster, Alderman Carpenter, Messrs. J. R. Fairfax, W. S. Buzscott, R. Nott, S. Brown, W. J. Mote, E. Arnold, W. E. Sawyer, A. A. Wills, and W. Boles. Letters of apology for non-attendance were received from the Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., Rev. T. S. Forsaith, and Mr. J. Mullens, cheques being enclosed. At 3 o'clock the company adjourned to the site of the new building, which was overhung with flags. There was a large attendance of people, and many of the children of the Sunday-school were present. The Rev. G. G. Howden having given out a hymn, the Rev. Dr. Steel offered prayer. The Rev. Dr. Kelynack then read the 132nd Psalm and other selections from the sacred Scriptures. The Rev. J. G. Fraser next offered prayer. The Rev. Thomas Johnson then called upon Mr. A. A. Wills, who read a document stating facts connected with the formation of the church in 1854, the erection of the old building, the laying of the foundation and memorial stones of the new church, giving the names of the Governor, the gentlemen who laid the stones, the pastors, deacons, trustees, building com- mittee, architect, and contractors. A bottle, with a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald and of the last issue of the New South Wales Independent having been placed in a cavity beneath the foundation stone, the ceremony was duly preformed by Mr. J. R. Fairfax, who declared the stone laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Mr. Fairfax then gave the following address:-We have laid the foundation stone of a new Congregational church on the site already made sacred by the building lately removed, and now to be replaced by an edifice of more substantial structure and giving greater accommodation. A brief history of the rise and progress of Bourke-street Congregational Church will be interesting at this particular time. In the year 1853 our venerable friend, the Rev. William Slatyer, commenced his labours in this neighbour- hood, in an upper room in a house not far distant from here. Having gathered together a number of worshippers, and found encouragement and every prospect of success, he per- severed in his Master's work, and it was decided by the committee of the Congregational Building Society to import from England the iron church which until recently stood here. On the 14th Novomber, 1854, the foundation stone of the iron building was laid by the Rev. Dr. Ross, the venerable and faithful minister of Christ, who will ever remain in our affectionate renembrance. On that occa- sion, after the stone was laid, the Rev. Mr. Slatyer delivered an address. I am glad, and I am sure you must be too, to see him here to-day to take a similar part in this ceremony. The iron church was opened for public worship on the 20th April, 1855. Mr. Slatyer, who was to be the stated minister, commenced the introductory service. Dr. Ross offered up the dedicatory prayer, and the Rev. Joseph Beazley preached the first sermon from 2nd Corinthians, 4th chapter, 6th verse, "We preach Christ." The Revs. James Voller and Alexander Salmon took part in the evening service. The cost of the building, including its importation, erection, and completion, was about £4500. In May following the opening services a church, consisting of nine members, was formed. Since that time, Mr. Johnson informs me, that about 300 members have died, been transferred to other churches, or have fallen out of membership; 105 communicants were at the last ordinance in the old church. About 180 were on the books, some thirty of whom are on the retired list, living in the country though still belonging to us. The number of children in our Sunday schools is somewhat over 600. After an occu- pation of the iron church for twenty-three years for the worship of God, first under the pastoral care of the Rev. Mr. Slatyer, who removed to Redfern on the departure of the Rev. Joseph Beazley for England, and since by the Rev. Thomas Johnson, who still remains pastor, it was considered right that a place more substantial, commodious, and convenient should be erected. The commencement of this new church we are here to ask God's blessing upon. God has blessed the labours of his servants here; and that the prayers offered on this spot, at a similar ceremony to this, have been answered, is evidenced by the work itself. The people of this church have been assembled here to receive the word of Life, and they desire to dedicate a new house wherein to worship our Heavenly Father, and to make room for increasing numbers. The worship here will be con- ducted in accordance with the views of the denomination to which we belong. We believe that our system of worship is in accordance, as nearly as possible, with that of the primitive Christians preceding the time when the professors of the religion instituted by our Lord and taught by his disciples became divided into various sects, and formed great organizations affecting the temporal as well as spiritual good or evil of subsequent centuries. In this church we are building will be preached the simple Gospel truths contained in the Word of God. Here will be proclaimed Christ, and Him crucified, as the only basis of a sinner's hope. We earnestly unite in prayer to our Father in Heaven, that, as he has blessed the labours of his ser- vants already where we now stand, he will add greatly to these blessings in the future, so that generations of men and women may here enjoy the highest privilege of life, which is to have a full knowledge of Him in whom they believe -- our gracious Redeemer, our Lord Jesus Christ. Another hymn was then sung, and the Revs. T. Johnson, W. Slatyer, and C. Pitman (the latter a member of the Church and an old missionary) laid three memorial stones in the new structure, a plate of lead with their names in- scribed being placed beneath the stones. The Rev. W. Slatyer then delivered a practical ad- dress commenting on the importance of the work in which they had engaged, and urging liberality in the erection of a building which would be ample in size, graceful in pro- portions, while answering to the severest taste, and above all subservient to the devoutest purposes. A collection was then made amounting to £162. Another hymn was sung, and the pastor pronounced the benediction. Mr. W. Boles is the architect for the new building, of which the plans were on view in the schoolroom on Satur- day. The church is designed in the decorated period of Gothic architecture, and consists in plan of an oblong 50 x 70 feet over all outside, inclusive of groined recess 10 x 20 feet, at west end, for rostrum, and a 10 x 14 feet vestry at each side of it. The front will have two entrances, separated by the main central wall, and each gives access to a lobby which leads to gallery, stair turrets, and to nave of church. At each side of the church in plan a gateway will give access to an open cloister, 8 feet in width, with porch near vestry, giving entrance to church, vestry, and present schoolroom at rear. A gallery on the amphi- theatre principle is intended to occupy three sides of the church, supported on iron columns 12 feet apart, and rising above gallery, to carry the Gothic arches of nave and tritorium over each side of the vestry. At first floor level of the present schoolroom there is shown a classroom, 23 x 10 feet, in one of which there will be a hot- water apparatus, with pipes leading to schoolrooms, for tea meetings, &c.; The church will be divided into nave and aisles by 3 iron columns at each side having foliated caps at the gallery line and at springing of nave arches. The nave arches are to have labels and bosses, and the triforium will be coved and divided over columns by moulded ribs. All the ceilings of gallery will be plastered and coved, and the nave panelled. The chancel for rostrum will be coved and groined in plaster. The arch of chancel will be moulded, corbelled out on shafts with caps and bases. The church will be well lighted from sides by three lancets in each bay above and below gallery, and from the front above gallery by a plate tracery window of four lights, and under gallery by three lancets. Tobin's system of ventilation has been adopted. The foundation is now almost ready for the base course, and is of stone. The front and returns will also be of stone, with brick sides, cemented. The street entrance elevation consists of a central feature with a buttress at each side, ter- minating in a gable surmounted by an octagon finial with shaft cap, and base supporting it. In this central gable is the most effective feature of the front, a plate tracery window of four lights, and under it four small lancets. An entrance porch is shown at each side of the central gable, ascended by a flight of seven steps recessed within its depth. The arch will be moulded and supported on coupled shafts with moulded bases and carved caps, and surmounted by a moulded gable and finial. Above these recessed porches will be single lancets, with label over. The front is flanked by a stair turret on each wing, marked by buttresses at angles terminating at each side of a gable in tapering octagon pinnacles. The wall face is pierced with three lancets above, and a group of three below. The main gable is accentuated at each angle by lofty pinnacles with finials. There will be at each side a very quaint gateway to com- plete the front, ascended by stops giving access to open cloisters. The returns of stair turrets are treated in the same effective manner as in front. The sides of church will be divided into four bays by buttresses, and each bay will be pierced by a double tier of triplet lancets. The tout ensemble will be very picturesque and effective, and the sacred edifice when erected will be a beau- tiful addition to the architecture of Surry Hills, and even to the city. The foundation of the church will be of stone. The rostrum, seating, and joiner's work are to be of pine polished. The windows are to be glazed with coloured glass in diamond or other lead- quarries. The gas lighting will be effected by three sunlights and brackets. The walls and coiling are to be plastered, &c;, as before described. Acoustic principles have been carefully studied in the arrangement of this edifice. The nave and gallery will give sittings for 700 persons. The various contracts will amount to about £3850. The contractors are as follows :- For the masonry, Cripps and Son, of Surry Hills; for the brick- work, Mr. Proud, of Paddington; Mr. Weight for the finishing trades, and Mr. Parish for the plastering. The handsome trowels with which the foundation and memorial stones were laid were presented by friends of the church to the gentlemen who performed the ceremony. They have their names with appropriate inscriptions, the mallets having their monograms. Including the amount collected on Saturday about £1760 have been received or promised towards the erection of the new church. 