gbipojijlttMi Gossip. ; The patron saint ofi-MLould-Ireland" was rather shabbily treated, by. 'his, protegees in. Sydpey on his festive day. Perhaps it having fallen on Sun- day accounts for the: little demonstration made in its favour. True, Erin's sons, and fair daughters WPje thqir qwn imn\qrtal greerphjut foy this'the oc- : casion. was almost unmarked. But as the fracas ;. that arose in Pastor- Alice's mob'-, on Suncjsay. was caused ; by the ostentatiqus, display, of the rival colours (green and orange) it ws wiser and better .that no-; celebration should'take place" that, might under present irritated feelings call forth a repeti tion. ; Since, last Saturday a most delightful , change has taken place in the weather. On the morning of that day the heat reached a climax that if con tinued would, have producedthe spontaneous com bustion of all created things, But happily, after puffing and.panting( lill 3. o'clock, in. thg afternoon, a couth.erly, buster came to our relief...' The ferocity " and; violence of this storm, terrible to behold. In qn.instant the city,. subHjrb andiharbour; were' a thick dark mass. The locust plague blackened the land of- Egypt hardly more dreadful, than the famous brickfielder while it lasted. In the twinkl ing of an eye about 30 boats were capsized, and the ' y,ach.ts and oth?r craft that were but an hour- bftp fore gliding sp. gracefully over the blue waters were violently dTrveri, soshe qn- rocks and some on. shore, Kke-chaS-'-bef ore tho wind . ' On land vehicle trafiic for the time being- was wh.ol'ly impossible, and pe-. destrians. were compelled to seek some leaning post. . and- thera. remain, stark stiiktiH- tbp tenjpest was over, - .. - If -.those- whb- mfidA the- generafe were, the oqly ones to fight, we should have less battles and blood shed'. This- truth applies not only- to tlie protec tors of the earth, but with regard to such charac ters. as the. nqtorious. Pasl»r AIJ?0- .By.hjs unchris tian and nncallecLfor attacks, upqn a large section of this eommaniiyi hq haq stirred up a strife- that will -take some, time to quell... His sectarian rant- ings in Hyde Park will have been the cause directly and indirectly, of most serious ischie.f-.Uot only physically bnt spiritually, to many of his fellow , citizens." Last Sunday the- tmjusands that gathered onHthe park in the expectation of seeing a riot were ; disappointed,' and had -it not- been for the police and volunteer force, the, mob might have turned our . great recreatioq, ground into a. field: of slaughter, as it wa&;mahy unftffehdi.ng persons were seriously in- jured. No doubt- the gentle shepherd; the cause of all tho trouble, mpekly, folds, his hands and says, "no harm . can. h.appea,to the good"— he. Pastor Allen, to wit,— but the " goqdy" took every care to provide himself -with- a stout, body: guard; of friends, who might have saved" their valour for a better cause. The city .press all, with the exe'eeption of ProtestanpSiandard (if journal druuk; .with bigo try), highly disapproves of Pastor Allen's conduct. . K he had fulfilled the mission'expectedrof .a Chris-. bion minister and preachpd a gospel of peace and ; good will lie. wronld; (perchance have won, converts, if not his own particular sect, at\ least to . divine, seekers after trutfithat xnaketh wise. . Mr. Mort is determined to persevere in Mq. at- tempts to send- frozen meat to England',, ai- the.- Auiericans have,been sueceeding so well in this-, " enterprise.. The price of m,eat in the old country, is cheaper than it i here; " Perseverance is always , to be commended, but there, is little sense of profit in sending coals to Newcastle; Th.e N ortham, which., left here-last year fitted ottt with an apparatus for- freezing , the meat, owing to an,, accident, failed, ingoing so.. However, she mjafie the voyage -home satisfactorily, having the roachinery all in good; working, order, and giving proof that a! second effort- to" ship a cargo of; beef "and mutton under the preserving process - will prove a success; The Nor-, thamjmad&the; run back to Sydney in 68- days,, apd is in due time to receive the' trial shipment of frozen mqat for conveyance to England'. Few races have .been regarded; with greater .in-. terest by the.pqblic than the oceap boat raee which.- took plaee last week,, and'-a prettier sightwas never seen than wh.ea the- Garlotie reached the goaj' six .minutes'; ahead of her. rival, _ the Lottie, followed by steamers gaily decorated with. flags apd yachts and : sailing craft of every description. The weather was beautiful, although there waqbiit- little wind at first, but ere long , th ore was. a; nice - breeze. For a. short tiipoJhe-Lottie.had the advantage, but was quickly overtaken by the Carlotiej which, reached: Broken Bay six 'minutes- before, tlxe Lottiej the same, time by which, she finally won. The spirit of gamT. bling unfortunately spoils all our public amuse ments. and our, acqjuatic- pleasures tbat hitherto have been, enjoyed/by all.'sectionS of the . cominun- ity are- even looked- ugon. With distrust through.this detestable vice.. Such. large sums were betted on the chances of the race, and' so dishonourable are; the practices of> those T who make . money; . hy this , ineauB, that a; watch was set on both, boats the nigiit before the sail, to prevent them- being tam pered with.; These precautions werp no doubt quite necessary, for it was only a "weekAr-o agp that a crack shot at a pigeop, match foupd. on examining his gun that the shot hadbeen extxacted;and,some harmless snbstance substituted; ' , Another young Australian Jady has retired from the world and taken the white veil, preparatory to her installation as a uiln/at the, 'Presentation Con,-/. ' vent. : The " fair las3")WJ only nineteen years olfi/ and of -very pleasing, appearance. According to the custom observed on these occasions, she entered dressed as a bride, attended by -her bridesmaids. Thealtar was beautifully decorated, and the musi cal part of the service was very fine. An eloquent sermon was preached by-tJhe Rev. Dr. Birminghaxn, and all the peremoqies were conducted in pn inter? esting and solemn xnaqner. Many would feel sad at the sight of a fair- young girl renouncing for ever all earthly hopes and ties. Vet those fo, whom the experiences of life have been somewhat bitter, might well envy this young creature, the life she has destined for herself — -seclusion from a woild of toil and sin, to .meet with joy everlasting 1 . In one of our city journals the alarming - au-- ponncement is made1 that the DeVil will soon be in. Sydney, and also a ghost. That his Satanic majisty baa iong- been dwelling among us, very few- will doubt, but what evil may we not dread when he be lieves be bps subjects sufficiently- numerous to ad/ vertise his. coming. Not only are .we -expecting these very, illustrious, visitors- a dpy-il and a, gbost —but; we have a lady-lecturer,. who.professea to be under- spiritual influence when delivering he?- dis courses. But although she professes, to be. tne mouth-piece of angelic beingSFshe does, not litter anything superior- to .the common-place lecturer of;' ordinary human beings.. . ' Ab amusing bit, qf- gossiptreaches us from,- Mel-, boure. In one of the theatFca where recently an Italian opera was being perforrp®, ,the choristers did not trouble to learn the, Italian, words, but sub stituted/anything they could think of, no matter how absurd. For instance, in one-part, where the music was very solemn, they set to.thp'following words :.-n ? /'/ :.; ; / H Macarroai verminkilli,. , Cockadooli dorini. How'syonrmotheri apd; f atheri,, | : mitherintheri." The. primp donna listened with astonishment to .tbe first' and; second- chorus, . bnt could not for- the. . life ; o,f; hpr make out what the.language was, and- left the" stage to tell the director that she suspected; the chorus, was all " ombggri," as she called- hum bug. The director, who is a famous master - of "rough lingo, "As well as ho mean pugilist, placed himself behind one of thq.sceries, so- as- tq be imme diately. at the back of; the chorn s without being seen< Presently his ears Were assailed by the ma- carrohr business/ and at onqe ; the Italian director was astonished- to. hear- a : bpss. accompaniment of - choice English 'oaths.. The end : of the cborus was very " shabby," and at the/conclusion the singers : removed to the opposite, side, to escape a.drnbbing from the director. ' / STELLA. ' " Sydney, Thursday evening. 