THE OLD CHATEAU; A TALE OP THE BATTLE OF WATERLOO. I'hb night wag sultry and oppressive, as two officer# of tho Highlanders strolled indolently through the streets of Brussels. THe ro^imcnt to which they belonged had but recently entered the town ; and they wero, perhaps*, tho only men in ifc'who lmd not been to examine tho qimrters assigned them for the night. And yet thoy looked travel-stained: and weary enough, tho dust of their day'a inarch powder ing tho still plumes of their stately; bonnotp, «nu obscuring tho gorgeous tints of their Highland plaidR. Many of; those bright tints wero utterly .absorbed, a fow daya later. in tho goro of battle; and fow of .: these noblo men, who fought eo bravloy, and,fthed thuir blood so freely, enmo ^th erect anil seathlesH from tho carnage of Iheso two pffioers I havo spoken of-major ftnu Riibalturn-wero too busy discussing the JWljujiatet} " f iw; " to heed tl^cir qwr fatjg up. They spoke together with, the assured con fidence of soldiers who knew themselves to he resolute men under a tried commander. Tho elder of the two conversed with the cool gravity of a veteran, the younger with the fiery vehemence of a novice. The major was a tall, powerfully built man, with features well-cut, and naturally fair, hut now considerably bronzed, and marked with the sternness of one accustomed to command. His companion was some ten or twelve years younger, handsome, bright-looking, alight and boyish in figure, with a little curve of tawhy down above his rtrnd mouth,- which seemed ambitiously labouring to imitate the great sweep of pale brown hair that entirely con cealed the other's upper lip. In spite of the disparity of their years, tho difference of their military rank, and the utter dissimilarity of their dispositions, a sincere friendship united these two men. On young M'Fherson's side, it was reverence and affec tion, akin to adoration ; on the othei's, an almoBt fatherly gentleness, so far from his bearing to the rest of the world, that it waa oven noticed amongst the men. In his best youth, Greyham had loved M'Pherson's mother. Sh6 was a few years older than himself, but this disparity had served to augment his passion at the time by adding a grandeur and hopelesaneas to its youthful fire. The darkest day of bis life had been her marriage-day.' He had never loved since when the matron* still beautiful, and half-dear to him for the sake of the past, had begged him, in the low, moving voice that stirred every chord of his hear{, .to take care of her son. . He had promised this in a few, measured words, that many might >have'' thought cold and insufficient; but Mrs. Sl'Pherson knew him well, and in all trust she confided her, young soldier-son to his oharge. The mere expression of his assurance had been simple enough, but its fulfilment was as ekpahsive and dofinite as the most exacting of mothers could desire. But so delicately and imperceptibly was his influence exercised, that the quick, ardent temperament of the youth never.rose in arms against a show of authority he would not have brooked even from Greyham. The plan of .'action laid out for him he followed invari ably, and this with implicit faith that it was one of his oy^n choosing. . Greyham's experience and pool judgment often enough shielded his yollng friend from unnecessary danger; his calm, disdainful bravery, tempered, the .other youthful zeal; whilst M'Pherson, in his turn, prevented Grej ham from degenerating into a mere disicplin arian, without sympathy for th- bo weaknesses and tempationa from which the peculiar biaH of his own nature Jiad kept him aloof. The conversation between th# two had lan guished for a few minutesi whett Greyham suddenly said, "Mayn't we as :well seek our billet, iTEherson ? I sent an orderly on to announce our coming. I .hate this system, of forcing oneself upon people whether they like it or not; but as there is no other alternative, one had better swallow one's qualms. In our case I fear, we shall be<more than usually intrusive, since our hostess is young, beautiful, and. a widow." - " Young, beautiful, and a widow!" exclaimed M'Pherson. " Good heavens, what unmitigated good luck! Who told you that ? " " The. fat landlord of the ' Hotel de Londres.' As you begged to drink to our victory, he became so-Voluble, there Was no checking him." " But I never heard anything of what you tell me." " Possibly not. I remember he lowered his voice to a whisper when he gave me this information, thinking, I suppose, that he might corrupt your morals, or inflame your imagination. But he predicted, at last) some sort of finale I took no pains to comprehend." " That one of us was to carry off the widow, eh?" inquired M'Pheraon,:stroking his in cipient moustache. " Perhaps he thought the widow would bewitch you." "I am not easily bewitched," answered Greyham, coldly; "and widows are not my taste." M'Pherson wheeled about, soanned him curiously, but admiringly, a . moment, then answered, in a perplexed tone. " Nothing in - petticoats is, to my certain knowledge. I shouldn't like to take a fanoj' to yout if I wore a woman-I suspect I Would break my heart before I touched yours." " But since you are not a woman, and never can becomo such, a conjcct'uro is idle and profitless," said Greyham, with a stiiilo that followed quickly on something that sounded very liko a sigh; Then" ho addod, more gravely than ho had spoken yet, " I often think how lightly we talk of battle, how cheerily we front tho reality, as if it were a game witn no high stako attached to it; and yet many muBt fall, and why should not wo be amongst the number ? But here wearoat our chateau,just as the moral iziug'fit wub strong upon me-it looks as lugu brious aB my mood ; but if Madame (what ever her name may be) will give us a comfort able bed whereon, to rest our woary limbs, preceded by something eatable, the exterior won't much signify." Ab Major Groyham spoke, he pushed open the gate, and passed into a. wide court-yard, followed closely by his younger companion. Everything about them had certainly a deso late "neglected look. Tho grass grew in vigorouB life botween the hoary stones, and no sound, or sign of life, greeted their arrival. The chateau was quito in the environs of the town, standing back from the quiet thorough fare in isolated gloom.' Gaunt, erect, and brown with age, it ibore little resemblance to tho newer-fashioned edifices around, and seemed intent upon preserving the instinctive awo its first viow created,'by the utter stillness that wrapped it about liko a shroud. Not a dog barked as Greyham knocked impa tiently at the old partc-cohcrc. His first summons, though sufficiently demonstrative, received no answer; but on its repetition, tho orderly opened the door, and presented himsolf bofore tbemi his mouth full to overflowing, his cheeks distended, obviously interrupted in the agreeable occupation of dining. "Well,1' said his master, a little sternly, "why couldn't you come before? I should have thought iny first knock might have aroused one of tho sevon sleepers.' TJie man saluted him respectfully, but made no exense, and, without further parley, they entered the house. It was evidently spacious, rambling, and antiquated, an old chateau belonging, to splendid names that had left their record in the pages of historj', but had now perished out of the land. There was something of solemn grandeur is. the dim old hall, with its carved staircase, upon, which the light shone palely from small, diamond-pained windows Gloomy, and sombre magnificence reigned every-where. Even the room into which the orderly ushered them, although so rich and luxurious in detail, seemed to lack sadly an aspect of combined comfort and grace. The furniture of dark, stamped velvet-the throne like sofas, with their gilded, upright backs the huge mirrors-the shining floors,-all were handsome enough, but too cold and stately to be homelike. The weary men glanced about them, and would gladly, under their present circumstances, have exchanged one little carpeted nook of old England for all this imposing grandeur. A little dubiously, they exchanged glances. r "By Jove! what a ghostly place 1". ex-, claimed the young sub, at last. "Those mirrors may all be doors, for aught we know, and slide back in some imperceptible way im possible for the uninitiated to detect. One would scarcely be astonished if they did, to see a fleahless skeleton standing iq the aperture, and beckoning us to follow with his bony fingers. The place makes me feel superstitions, and if we don't get a light, I know I shall get the blues." "Bo your feelings depend, then, so much upon external influences?" said Greybatn, smiling. "Don't you know the lines-old I Shakspero's, I believe ?" He who has light within his own breast, May sit in the centre and enjoj sweet rest ?" " I should like to seo them carried out liter : ally and pratically-in this room, though, in stead of in my breast, for I don't enjoy this tmlight.. It's even chilly, too, here, X do declare. A ghastly shiver creeps through my veins. To give you quotation for quotation, I really fear-* " By the picking of my thumbs, Something wicked this woy comds." The words were still upon his lips, scarcely finished, when there was a little cough; not I evidently from quite a new-comer, who felt hat the noise of her entry mast attract atten tion, but from one who had remained unnoticed for awhile, and desired to make her presence knoWn. Simultaneously, the do<>r opened, and an old servitor tottered in, with two tall candles in his hand. Then the officers became aware of the presence of a lady in the room, and doffed their bonnets simultaneously. Finding herself perceived at last, the lady advanced towards them with perfect ease and grace, a peculiar expression on her lips, as of a smile suddenly arrested there, and the pale tranquil beauty of her aspect impressed them both with a sudden feeling of awe. She returned their salutations with serene gentleness; and then she spoke, addressing herself to Greyham rarther than to Mcpherson, out of deference, probably, to the former's superior rank and age. "I am afraid j*ou will find but poor ac commodation here, and I am sorry it should be so. Since the arrival of your orderly, I have made all the efforts possible to render your stay less inconvenient to yourselves, and to increase the accommodation of the place. My old servant here has been in the town on a forag I ing expedition, the results of which I hope you tfill find Satisfactory; and, therefore, it simply 1 devolves upon me now, as the mistress, and an Englishwoman, to bid you welcome, and beg you to make yourselves entirely at home. Benson will be at your service, but if, for the future, I myself, as well as my agency, should be invisible, I hope you will understand that it is not from my rudeness or neglect on my part hut solely from motives I may easily leave to your delicacy to divine. Xou both find the room chilly, I believe, it is so seldom used; but Benson shall make up a good fire at once, and provide for your comfort in every way, as well as his resources will allow. And now, gentlemen, good-evening and farewell." ^ Calmly bowing, she moved away, without waiting for a reply and disappeared at a small door, which, according to Mcpherson's pre dictions, had the appearance of a mirror only. Not a word had either of them spoken to her. She had given thorn no time; besides, ? the fascination of her strange, marble-like beauty, exorcised a kind of spell upon them which rendered them speechless. But no sooner had she withdrawn, than their tongues became unloosened. "By Jov.e!" exclaimed McPherson, whose impressions, whilst more tivid than those of his companion, generally lay on the surface; "was that flesh and blood, or a spirit? I declare, though she spoke in a human voice, her beauty was so inhuman, that if 1 were put on my outh I should be at a loss to say whether I had been looking on a woman or a ghost. I believe I had all the sensations that are sup posed to attend these supernatural visitations. My limbs trembled strangely; a cold chill went from my head to my feet; my heart beat in dull, leaden throbs- - ' I "Hunger andfatiguo,mygood fellow,' inter rupted the Major, with anindulgent smile, i " Greyham, how distressingly practical you are! Pray, haven't you one shadow of romance i left in your composition?" inquired the lad,* pettishly. , ", ' . .. . . I " No," was tho grave reply," but that is no i reason why you should not have. X ^ had my I share at your ago, only that buffeting with I the world ha« worn it threadbare." ! " I wonder it didn't rise like a Phccnix out I of its ashes, at the sight of that face. . How strangely beautiful it was 1" . . I /* waj it ? " answered tho othor, with an indifference, exaggerated, if not ontirely assumed. u I noticed that hor voice wa» singularly clear and harmonious." " And that description would answer as well for her face. I never saw before features so clear-cut and BO colourless, or a complexion of such transparent whiteness, without any appearance of ill-health. X have always under stood that perfection was impossible, but^ I shall oppose that doctrine all my future life, for I have had good evidonco to the contrary." "You won't make many converts to your creed," said Greyham, quietly. I, at thirty five, must candidly acknowledge that I never yet saw the face that could warrant the appella tion of perfect. There is always something wanting. When the features are. good the expression is unpleasant or vice versa*' " But what fault have you to find with the ; widow's?" "None; I cannot say that- X noticed her I enough to he able to give an opinion." I " Well, then, did you look at her hand ?" " No, certainly." "No? Then X am astonished! It rested on the table close to the light, and when I dared no longer look at her face, I riveted my eyes on that; and it resembled a flake of enow, whilst the palm and finger-naila had a faint flush of pink on them, like the inside of a sea* shell. X called her a spirit, did X ? My first, exclamation should have teen," 0, dea arte !" " She has quite inspired you, Willie; I never heard you so poetical before." 411 never had so much reason to he." " There is often rhyme without reason." " Thereyou are with your practical vent-pegB again screwing down all one's little attemps at enthusiasm. It's really too bad of you," Grey ham." The lad spoke petulantly, for he said much what he liked to Greyham, and the latter was always associated by a familiarity which the other youngsters^ of the regiment held him in too much awe to imitate. Greyham was by nature serious and unexpan flive. early disappointment, which had kept a firmer bold upon him through this very depth and gravity, had shut him away from those influences which generally soften a man's character and nurso his sensibilities. Fatherless and motherless, without a single home>tic, all his affections seemed to concent rate itself upon McPherson. His sense of honour was too fine and rigorous not to have Btified, long ago, any feeling of passion for the mother; but he regarded her with an earnest esteem and interest which took some uncon cious strength of colouring from ihe memory * of thoee days when she was all in all to him. McPherson had scarcely finished speaking before the door opened, and Benson entered the room, tottering under the weight of a tray of smoking cheer. The orderly followed him, carrying some of the minor accessories of the meal, and soon the famished officers were deeply engaged upon the good things before them. A fat chicken, nestling in water-cressea; a, diflh of some savoury concoction, the ingredients ctf which neither had the curiosity to submit tc any deglutitionary process of' discovery; 8 plate of Bpinach garnished round with crisp triangles of fried breacf, and I hope you wilt each acknowledge that the bill of fare was by . no meana contemptible. A good bottle of claret and a few dried fruits followed on the substantiate, and a little later, a cup of cafe voir. After which both stretched their feet before the wood fire, and owned they were very comfortable indeed. At a little past ten they summoned Benson, and guided by him, sought their chambers for the night. They were assigned rooms adjoining each other, and merely separated by a red curtain. Both were large, unevenly floored, and fur nished with grim precision. Huge ^ beds, draped in flame-coloured moreen, occupied no small share of obscure space in each; and a few ancient pictures of no extraordinary merit, ! but of consistent gloominess of exterior, patched the discoloured walls, whilst an occa | sional shred of Gobelin tapestry attested for I mer magnificence and grace. I Soldiers in those days were too accustomed to rough it to be much at the mercy of external I influence. To say, therefore, that thoy slept 1 soundly would be mere wanton verbosity, for I they were not likely to do otherwise after a I long day's march, unless they had stirring' causes for mental disquietude. They would probably have slumbered on in dreamless tranquility until the morning, but for an occurrence X am about to relate. The clock in tho hall had struck one, slowly and solemnly, in a deep, sonorous voice, like the stroke of a hell tolling for the dead. As. the sound died away through the silent house, Greyham, slightly roused to con sciousness, less by this, he felt, # than from some imperceptible cause difficult to define, became aware of some unto ward vicinage. Fully awake now, he hold his breath and listened. He was too brave to be easily frightened, but, imagining that there might be robbers near anxious to obtain things he did not feel quite so satisfied to resign, he adopted caution upon principle. Therefore, carefully regula ting eaoh respiration, that he might still seem to be asleep, his keen eyes pierced the darkness with steady urgency. He could see nothing, the gloom was too intense for that, but he could detect the sound of breathing, and that so close to his ear, that it appeared as if he had only to extend his hand and capture the intruder, whoever he ^ might be. Very stealthily he withdrew his arm from the encumbrance of the bedclothes, and stretched it out to its full length, the fingers finnly intent upon clutching his noc turaV visitor, and leaving him with palpable proofs of their contact. But swift and silent as was his movement, they grasped the empty air alone. And yet, nearer still, and more distinct, was the mysterions "breath. A strange, nn» accountable thrill passed through Greyham's powerful frame. In open warfare* with a sword pointed at his breast, ho had never felt as ho felt now. A visible, even a tangible, enemy he was ready to defy; but this thing, or spirit, whateverpt might be, which drew its respirations from shadowy forms, and hovered about him bodiless, he could not regard as an ordinary foe. The first sensation of real fear he ever remembered to Have experienced crept' over him now. He became chill, tremulous, benumbed, and a cold perspiration spread over his face and limbs. His tongue clave to the roof of his mouth. He tried to speak, hoping to reassure himself by hearing the sound of his own voice; but the eerie breath invaded his throat like a fog, and nearly choked him. But there was only a brief paralyzation of all his faculties. The spell was withdrawn after a few seconds, and a portion ofc his natural courage returned. He sat up in bed, strained his eyes once more into the darkness; then he called-out to JMcPherson, 4< Willie, are you awake ? There is some jugglery going on here, I feel very much inclined to unmask. If . people think to frighten or cheat me, they will succeed but a minute at most; I am not easily fooled." - ^ " I'll be hanged if X know what X am being done to I" answered McPherson, with emphasis. " Xt sounds to me as if a pair of bellows hud gone into convulsions close to my pillow, for !in tEe way of sighs I never yet heard anything to come np to the puffings and blowings some saeaky coward has been manufacturing for my benefit. At any rate, just let me catch him, that's all, and X*ll give him a reminder that will "stop his exercises it that line for some time to cornel" A sudden bound showed that McPherson was out of bed, and making unheard of efforts to capture his visionary adversary. Greyham could not help smiling to himself at the other's useless display of energy, as he hastened to Join him. A muttered oath terminated the lad's endeavours, and then he paused, baffled and enraged, and took counsel with Greyham. "Couldn't we strike a light somehow?" inquired the last-mentioned person. "X should vastly like to unravel this plot." - ' He set his teeth together sharply, and there was an expression of stern menace in hiseyesj that augured ill for the perpetrator, if dis-. covered. Both stood silently reflecting upon how this was to be managed, and Greyham started again, for close to his ear, distinct and long-drawn, came a mournful sigh, whilst a shadowy hand hovered about his lips. "Was that you?" exclaimed McPherson, testily. " -As if I couldn't keep quiet without your hand upon my mouth!" "Hush 1" said Greyham, in reply. "I felt it also. Xt is a mere continuation of the mum mery going forward here." And suddenly he sprang in the direction he imagined the invisi ble hand to have taken, spreading his own vigorous arms about him with such expansive energy, that it seemed as if nothing of flesh ? and blood could escape their contact. A stormy meeting with the bare walls was the only fruit of this essay; and he groped his way back to McPherson more carefully. After a long searoh, a tinder-box was dis covered on the stove, and they managed to strike a light, illumined their* candles, and proceeded to examine the appartment. (To be continued.) 