WHAT IT COSTS TO WRITE WELL. Excellence is not matured in a day, and the cost of it is an old story. The beginning of Plato's " Republic," it is said, was found in an old tablet written over in. a variety of ways. Addison, we are told, wore out the patience of his printer, frequently, when nearly a whole impression of the "Spectator" was worked off, he would stop the press to insert some new proposition. Lamb's most sportive essays were the result of most, in tense brain labor; he used to spend a week at a time in elaborating a single humorous letter to a friend. Tennyson is reported to have written "Come into the Garden, Maud," more than fifty times over before it' pleased him ; and " Locksley Hall," the first draft: of which was .written in two days, he spent the better part of sLx weeks for eight hours a day, in altering and polishing Dickens, when he intended to write a Christmas story, shut himself up for six weeks, living the life of a hermit, and coining out as haggard as a mur derer. Balzac, after he had thought out thoroughly one of his philosophical romances, and amassed his materials in a most laborious manner, retired to his study, and from that time until his book went to press society saw him no more. When he appeared among his friends, he looked, said his publisher, in the popular phrase, like his own ghost. The manuscript was 'afterwards altered and copied, when it passed into the hands of the printer, from whose slips the book was re written a third time. Again it went into the hands of the printer— two, three, and some times four separate proofs being required be fore the author's leave could be got to send the perpetually re- written book to press at last to have it done. He was literally the terror of all printers - arid editors. Moore thought it quick work if he wrote seventy lines of " Lalla Rookh " in. a week. Kings- lake's " Eothen," we are told, was re-written five or six times, and was kept in the author's writing desk almost as long as Wordsworth kept " White Doe of Rylsone," and kept like that, to be taken out for review and correc tion almost everyday. Buffon's "Story of Nature " cost him fifty years of labor before he sent it to the printer. He composed it in a singular 'manner, writing on large-sized paper, in which, as iu a ledger, five distinct columns were ruled. In the first column he wrote down the first thoughts ; in the second he corrected, enlorged, or pruned it ; and so on until he reached the fifth column, within which he finally wrote the. results of his labor. But even after this he would compose a sen tence twenty times, and once devoted four teen hours to find the proper word to round off a period." John Foster often spent hours on a single sentence. Ten years elapsed be tween the commencement of Goldsmith's ' "Traveller " and its completion. La Roche foucauld speut fifteen years in preparing his little book of maxims, altering some of them, Segaris says, nearly thirty times. We all know how Sheridan polished his wit and finished his jokes, the same things being found on different bits of paper, differently expressed, Roorers showed Crabbe a note of his "Italy," which he said took him two weeks to write. It consists of a very few lines. — "Printers' Register." . - . It is reported that the men belonging to the Austrian navy now on leave will shortly ; be ordered to rejoin their respective depots. Torpedoes have been placed not only at the entrance of the harbor of Klek, but also at other points of the Dalmatian coast. Extra- , ordinary pre'eautionary measures have niore particularly been taken in the waters of Pola and in the roadstead of Fasana. The Liberte says a mysterious affair has occured in a fashionable quarter of Paris. A young married woman, whose husband lives in Havannab, was found by the con- cicerge tightly bound and almost dead on the floor of her drawingroom. Her statement is that two men, armed, assaulted her, de manding a large sum she had received from her husband. Lady Dufferin, wife of the Canadian Viceroy, has hit upon an ingenious mode of raising money for charitable purposes. She offered a prize to the young lady who should obtain the majority of votes in favour of her being the prettiest girl in Canada. Four belles were chosen as candidates, each voter paying the small sum of ten cents, and the proceeds went to the charity in which her Excellency had an interest. On this special occasion the winning beauty was a Miss Mac- pherson, of Toronto, who polled 4000 votes, and thus upwards of £S0 was obtained for the charity. Lady Dufferin's prize to the young lady consisted of a gold bracelet. George (who has just engaged himself to .a girl of his heart) breaks the happy news to his friend Jack (who has been married sometime). Jack — " Ah! well, my dear fel low, marriage is the best thing in the long riin, and I can assure you that after a year or two a man gets .used to it and feels just as jolly as if he had never married at all. " — Punch. Of the late Mr MacGahan's bravery and endurance a writer in the " Athenasum" tells this striking story: — "Skobeleff on one of his dashing excursions, was confronted by a river over which there was no bridge, and where no boat was not to be seen. How were the soldiers to be got over ? HacGahan and Skobeleff held a counsel of war as to how the difficulty was to be overcome and the deci sion was that they should both jump into the stream and swim across, and show the men what they ought to do ! Remember, too, that at the time he did this MacGahan was on crutches, with a leg bound up with splints." An extraordinary story comes from Bengal writes the Bombay Gazette; — A village about eight miles from Calcutta has been taken j possession of by large moneys. The in habitants had to fly from the raiders, who attacked women and children viciously, and are living on the food left behind by the villagers. Insure tour health by taking that plea sant and popular remedy, Clemes and Bartle- man's Fluid Extract of Senna, which is now proved by hundreds to be the best and safest medicine for stimulating the liver and kid neys, and curing. headache, pain in the back and chest, furred tongue, wind, unpleasant taste in the mouth, and other indications' of indigestion. It is better and safer than Calomel or Blue Pill for removing bile. Re tailed everywhere. — Advt. "Berkeley Sept. 1869.— Gentlemen, I feel it a duty I owe to you to express my gratitude- for the great benefit 1 have derived by taking N ortox's Camo mile . Pills. I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell Berkeley, for the above named Pills, for wind iti the stomach, front which I have suffered excruciat ing pain for a length of time, having tried nearly, every remedy prescribed, but without deriving any beuefit stall. After taking two bottles of your valu able pills 1 was quite restored to my usual state of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of those who may be thus afflicted. I am, Sir, Yours truly.— Hexrt Allvass — To proprietors of Norton's Camomile Pills.' JBblioway's Ointment.— Bad Legs "Wounds, Ulcers and all descriptions of Sores are cured by the proper aud diligent use of this inestimable preparation To attempt to cure bad legs by plastering the edge" of the wound together is a folly or, should the skin unite, a boggy, diseased condition remains underneath to break out with tenfold fury in a few days. The only rational and successful treatment, as indicated by na ture, is to reduce the inflammation in and about the wound — to soothe the neighbouring nerves— to cool the heated blood as it courses along it s vessels— and to render the thin, watery, ichorous discharge consis tent and healthy. Holloway's Pills should be taken at the same time, to purify the blood, and expel the obnoxious humour from the system. 