A SCHEMING MAIDEN. In Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely maiden, say of 35,' who fell desperately in love with a rich youngfman, and to prove the disinterested rapture she felt fur him, and the ardent nature of her gush, she as only a lady of 35, anxious to marry, can, that he was the very finest man she ever came across, and could make any woman happy by the simple means of a preacher and a license. But the rich young man didn't see it ; he didn't nibble, and, in fret, he stayed away from there in a most unproposing manner. Bnt it was an enterprising maiden, aud so she went through some five hundred novels in search of a good way to catch a rich young man with matrimonial lasso, for, as the couple in a novel always marry, it is safe to conclude that the courting most be good which results always in - success Well, at last the fair reader came to the " Romance of a Poor Young Man," wherein the point is that the P. Y. M-, being locked in « moonlit tower with s lady, jumps off the tower at the risk of his life, sooner than stay up there and thus compromise the lady. " I have it," said the fair reader, clos ing the book, and going to the sexton of a lonely Methodist Church which stood some miles in the country. Diplomatically besieging that sexton, she managed to wheedle him oat of the key to the steeple, which was high, had ' a spiral stairway inside, and only one. window. "Then the rich, bnt cool, yonng man and the designing lady, were aeen' one afternoon' riding along that road, and, stopping at the lonely church, to go np in the steeple -and view a fine article of sunset. The couple climbed the stairs, and istood at the single window admiring' the lovely scene until the sun went down behind the west, and the twilight crept o'er moorland and. lee — see any novel orpoem for' minute description; - Then the rich young -man began to get skittish and wish he was at home,eo he imparted a gentle hint to fais companion that they had better- go, Ac. ' Now, the lady had locked, the door of the steeple, assuring the young' man that it was the sextan's imperative com mand. Down the steep, narrow stairs they came, and at the bottom the lady felt for the key in herpocket, bnt no key was there. " Gracious me," says she, in a most histrionic manner, "if I haven't gone and dropped the key out of the window! It's fifty feet to the ground. What will become of us) To stay in this steeple all night with a man and show myself afterward unmarried would kill me," Ac, .and she fell on the young man's breast in a paroxysm of weeping. That yonng man was cool and busi ness-like. He waited until she turned off the water, then kindly seated her on the lowest etep and started upstairs. " Heavens, Joseph ! dear Joe, you ain't going to jump 1" " Not if I know it ; you just wait" Presently he retained with a. bright smile on fais face and the bellrope under his arm : gently, but firmly, he took that thirty-five-year-old yonng maiden upstairs to the window, end, in spite of her entreaties and cries,, tied the rope about her waist and lowered away. The conventional ploughman, . homeward ptiKHung ma weary way, saw, aa me moon "rose, a parti-coloured ghost des cending the face of the church steeple, and he began to plod faster, at the same 'time whistling a tone: to keep up his courage. But curiosity, stronger than fear, caused him .totake, .just '.one more look at the apparition, and what was his' surprise to behold against the 'steeple, ! two barred and .striped . objects that, loomed like the clown'siw theorou?. The ploughman stood rooted, to the ground, : and . then . down came , ghost number. two, yanji, as . it was a, dark and ' masculine-looking object; jthe plough man rallied from - fais fright , and ap proached the spot; when he beheld fa lady and geutleman quarrelling, end the lady calling thegeutLemana "horrid wretch.". Np cards. . ' . \- Sli FiiBTATiOH.— When a postage stamp is placed , upside down ion the left: comer of the letter, it means "Jlove ' jpn?» if 'ateswise, "ftyp'iiBart is; another's": straight' np ' Add HdOwn, ' "jQood-byA ' hwlsethisrt, ' ; yon '/ tobjc«ni&eoinjfti3ut;, wish5 yijijir taehltoip" \ bfittotlF cfnntSf ohthb W "I Tins' with' e auroeAbcept 'toy1 love" ; the' sasie tipride down, V | >mL engaged" y at a right ape in too same plaoejA' T long io%ee yoti y 'in The middle nt'toe right hand. ed, i" Wi3teImmo-'; diately." .. .. ' ' : "FhaiiestPhoral'>1oiUedtoeampronB youth, " pfaprever dismiss jqur.phears, .arid phly/.- vriih ::jone ;-whoBe .phervent pfaanncy is phixed-1 on you wloim. Bhriends— phamiy —pluier— phqrget toem,-andthink: onlyroffhe pfaetiotyqf thejphutarei 'Phew; ;phellpwflv.«e so, phastidinaeaayonryhewlinBndtSopheign not phondnesS . jf--ypu tod.it ;aot| IPhongo phnditg rhnd (#nsWbjnaIJiji, Phlora !". .ihecpoed. :: !.<: What thb Mattxe Wab. — "Why, my dear, what is tie matter ) What can you mean) you look" sb tirasseiL. It cannot be — and yet oh, relieve this kill ing suspense ! Alexander, have you failed!" Saidhis'wife, with claspedhanda. ' ""Ub; my dear ; my credit ;isi jsfc. unimpaired j my business is Looking up." " Yon can't mean to say, deary that your old pain in the head has come back." "No." "You haven't had to pay' the note for your brother Joseph f a No." " Have you — now tell me, .Alexander Bidlack, have you had another attack of vertigo ! No. " Has your cashier broke his Murphy pledget" "No." "Now I know— I expected it — I knew it all toe time — I felt sure it would be so— Mr. Debonair has asked for Seraphine T" " No ; nothing of the kind." "Then tell me, without waiting another minute, what has hap pened ; I can bear it let me know the worst." "Well, that button Itold yon about has got tired : of - hanging on by one thread, and here it is." — Elmira LiBMoh .Cms 'fob fannrwntawcB. ' — The ScUxtific Avurictui contains an account of an experiment test of liebig's theory for toe core of habitual drunken ness. It eays : — " The experiment consisted of a simple change of diet, and was tried upon twenty -seven persons with satisfactory results. The diet proposed is lann&ceous;, and in the cases reported was composed of macaroni, haricot beans, dried peas, and lentils. Thedishas were made palateable by being thoroughly boiled and seasoned with batter or olive oil Breads of a highly glutinous quality were used, care bring taken to prevent their . being soared in course of preparation. In his explanation of the theory, liebig remarks that toe disinclination for alcoholic stimulants, after partaking of such food, is due to the carbonaceous starch contained therein, which renders unnecessary and distaste ful the carbon of the liquors." Hop Tea. — If Btrong hop tea be applied with the palm iff the hand to any surface afflicted with pain, the pain in most cases will instantly disappear. Have toe ten milk warm, dip your hand in toe tea, then rub briskly np and down several times. If the pain is chronic, it will require mote rubbing to banish it. . This treatment cures rheu matism, neuralgia, disease of the spine, congestion,' pleurisy, kidney disease, disease of the hearty and a great many other diseases. 'Persons who are weak and debilitated can be' pitf on their feet in a few days by this treatment. The rubbing must.be done by a person of nervous 'temperament to insure success. This yssmatkur pp. Booms. — Mr. John Hamilton, of Melton, near Carlisle, sends the ..fallowing about toe ven- tilation of rooms : — " In a lecture in the Carpenters!: Hall, Manchester, Dr. Morgan said " I am well aware that; it it difficult in winter to open toe windows in a small (room ; yon cannot avoid getting between the window, and the ! fire, and are then exposed to a dniHiriit- Tt -is nosaible. however, to admit air without exposing ourselves to cold draughts. I here show you a model .of a ventilator /which I have had intro duced at the Salfrrd Hospital. A little boxlabont an inch and a half in depth is Avri into the upper part of each window,; and extends for ox -inches down the sash. .The' pater faring, of this! box c is piads .of perforated, zinc. Into thi/hpy-is fitted another box, which cap freremoved from .the Bash find taken :dpwb.'. Thejsjde of 'this box. whiph.looks Into! the: room jA. jrovered with a fine gauze wire j it is filled with finely carded cotton wool, "d is then fitted into the as«h- The outer air then gains ad mission into' toe room by passing, through toe zinc; the wool, and the gauze wire.. In : this manner, while toe wool is perfectly pervious to toe air, blacks are filtered oat, moisture is as it were, broken. The - cotton wool requires to be changed every five or six months j it is then found loaded with blacks which would other wise have made their way into, the room." Sebving a Weh. — An Irish gentleman, whose solicitor had vainly endeavoured , to serve a writ ou an ex-H.P. for an Irish borough, fait upon the following plan : Having sealed a stone bottle with ah : imposing crest . and marked it "poteen,", he forwarded it by an' intelligent lad of thirteen, who was .previously well instructed, as a present from a friend in the. West -end, with instructions , to. be delivered to . himself. The bait took. "There is a note, I believe >n toe . wrapper, sir," observed the messenger ; "and perhaps it would \- require an answer." The ex-M.P. undid toe newspaper in which;the " present was folded, and took out an - envelope. W Tkaen'o a Mif'it n ' tliat B1V WMttl tba A|10lv D f| US MMI) SU| _ auv youngster ; "you're served' T' and bounded ont of sight in. an instant. The ex-M.P. looked as if he was. converted into stona . ; Molly, who had let the boy in, foamed with rage at being made the involuntuy.ih&truinent; of suto a ruse, Pobclab Baeaoanre. — An American, pride thus describes a . popular preacher of . the emphatic ftype: — "-There's no whipping the devil round the stomp with . him!; he jumps right at him, tooth and toenail; abd I'm flabbergasted if I fion't thiok herather worsted him this morn-; tog.1 >- > . He raises old Heutuck to: me in a minute. X feel fall of fight, end repdy for anytoiog. Til teliyouwhatit , fSg that's what I call a real .tear down sneezer;, he's a Jbaik well, and holdfast, too ; 'faerioean't honey it up to em, and' mince his . words— he leta it down upon 'em hot 1 and heavy ; .he knocks down and drags not ; .firatfae give it to.>em. in. one'eye, and then in hp ther j and.thriiin toe giiraid,'at lhe.griasyourheadfiader hisanand'iiilrbnJhete<dl£araU pn toe born ;;;e m ji a;:oY<j jtiis ilariippasaigtf feam fpr .eomppnre jtoi'depatedj.bitt al'toeysa these toro. wmen.- . One remark 'Jed to anotoer, ;nntU : were . |tototing qoite dentially- The youqg' woman ;m torn became quite , commuhicafive, ahd aaid hi» loy|xjwas coming on in toe rnidnigjit bain, and that ehe was'jgqing wito him! mprppjtiwi tiift oldladjWHirt riiB fafljlM. inn to jexparience in toe. " mazzyizigprit toe .sjpftoj5|wy .someadvice, a|iarog|Mtte.i!>jH attention of -women. Never marry a hotel-keeper. My first husband was a hotel -keeper, and fell through the elevator opening and Broke Ins darned skull It riles me when I think of that man. Never marry a travellihg man, for he's always away from hnm. 'Nobody knows what those men are op to when they are away from hnm. 'Never many a steamboater. My aecond husband was a steamboat captain, aud got 'blowed into 4,000,000 pieces. I always get terribly mad when I think of that man. Never many a dry-goods man. Dyes in doth is so injurious they never live half their days. Never many a grocer. They have such dirty hand a My third husband was a grocer ; such hands as he'd have was 'nof to sicken a body. He was killed by a molasses barrel frllin' on him. When I think of him I am redly completely disgusted. Never many a carpenter. My fourth husband was a carpenter, and fell off a scaffold and was smashed into a jelly. May his soul deep in peace. Never many a machinist. - ' My fifth husband was a machinist Til - never forget the day be was brought home on- a bosrd.- I- didn't : recognise' him. A belt had come off a pulley And Hit him plum in the free; and spread his nose all over His countenance. I promised him on his dying bed that I'd never many another machinist" Jost then toe train rolled in, and the old lady asked : — " Child, what business is your lover in V " Insurance business." " Oh mercy ! You don't mean to marry him 1 My sixth huBband was an insurance " But the young lady was gone to meet her love. The Sydney Evening Neat relates the following amusing occurrence': — A clever piece of work has been accomplished in the Lands department, an erring officer of long standing being the victim. Kleptomania does not confine its victims to valuables in shape of money or jewellery, but permits of operations on sweetmeats or, in their absence, on the excellent frre enjoyed by civil servants' at toe half-hour forenoon interval. In one '.branch of the lands office a day has never passed over without complaints of some unscrupulous hand being laid on toe lunch baskets. One gentleman was victimised four times, successively not a week ago, and toe horrible presentiment - came to his mind that the 'chief of the branch was the culprit ' A conference was held, and it was derided to bring the offender to justice. The whole of the lunches next day were liberally served with tartar emetic. At about one the chief felt disinclined to "dine, and at 2 was! sure he was attacked by cholera or' typhoid. Half an hour later' toe real" symptoms were apparent, and the syta-. parities of the officers of the department increased as the tableau drew high. He was sure he was going- to -give tip the ghost as he had a feaxf id dose, but instead of that gave up the dinner. .Traces of ' many a tit-bit were - forthcoming, and toe chief in due course was led back a better -and a lighter man. - He has since petitioned for the .removal, it is said, of the cruet conspirators, on toe ground oi insubordination. \- An amusing story comes from the Ardennes, where, according to the tale, an agriculturist recently died, leaving a wife; a horse," aiid'a dog. . A few moments befrre 'ius death he Called ltis .wife to him, andlbadfe her eeHl the ' horse and give toe .process of the jsale to , hifl relatives, and to sell toe dag 'mil keei the money thus gained for herself 'SoOn after 'the death .the wife wefit to the hiarket With ' the horse and dbg and exhilfited ' toem;' with the ' announcement' that the ptice-of toe ' dog was five hundred francs and that of the horse five francs.' The passers-by .stopped and stared, and judged the woman mad, more especially ' as she in formed all would-be purchasers "that to buy the horse it was necessary to buy the dog first. At last a carious passer by concluded' the bargain ; after which the ekilful woman handed over five francs to the frmily of her' deceased husband, and retained five hundred francs for her self thus contriving at the same time to carry out the letter, if not the spirit, of the wishes of her husband, and to secare the largest enmuf money for herself An. -old clergyman, who had got a strong-lunged helper, observed that one nf his hearers was becoming rather irregular at church. Of course, - the di vine felt it his duty to visit toe back slider, and accordingly went to his house bnt " the gudeman was not . in. He inquired of -to6 wile why John , was so aeldom at church now I "Ob, indeed, minister," . she replied, without . the slightest hesitation, " that young man yeVe gotten roars aae load that -John canna - sleep, sae comfortable as he did when ye used to preach yersel' sae peace- ably." An .officer in toe -army laughed at a; timid woman because toe was alarmed ; at ths noise of a cannon when a salute was fired. He - subsequently married that timid woman; and eix months after-- wards fre took offfais boots in' tim hali: when he ca<ne in late st night. An'- Englishman volunteered to do somerioiig fora'Scotchman,but :was told fay toe' latter that he 'needna frah." What does toe fellow mean -by ' needna fash' I" raid the former to a' bystander ph,rir,"'was?to(e reply, "he just means ' toiit ye needna frshwva, toi" ' " .>'« . The witty and coinvivial Lord KeDie being, inhik Carly years,. much. addicted- tq dissipation, his mother sdvised ltim to ' take example of a gentleman; whose .con- stantfbod was hferbs, Hid his dnnk water.' ." What,( madam,' , ' said, he, " would yott have me imitate a 'man who eats like a beiist,;and dniks like \- A Young , lady in Brptolyu asked her yonng man arhy he caUed ho: faia lJltra, , and he courtepusly;(eplied |t w»sa Latin, aqnotatipm- r "?Stis," v"l» 1 W kbeeHmdiVien Iaddypfl.toif Ihavejiny, dorf j?sa|r ytoingtoiweSri W, knep,' 1 D0h't«ousee,Afiariingr,!) toeTaid. " : ; VRwi aformerTftince tiff ;YPaMfrwaa'J «nartied;a BighUmdtoiniiter atHreenobb araa'mayingdbrjtoB ibappinesa tod weki frre bf the my al ooupla , Hevras aonwf what' embarrassed <as So bow;he toould join toe two names, hot at length he got ovetit tons, " Lord bless her Boyalfligh- : nest toe Prince iff . Wales, and Aw Royal IBjhiMi -j -iThe Breakfast Zit&frarks;: "Whenyon : look'rixinto yon atchntCh, daring ariull' to ietose that' tootaaidfl'bf ipbople' 'die Says toe Some Sentinel Contributors will take notice that we have already more spring poetry than we need. What we want Is a liniment tost is a dead certainty on rheumatism. 