OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. (FROM OULL OWN* CORRESPONDENT-) The holidays being over, -interest in politics has once more returned, arid those Ministers who happened to be iu town have met every day to consider the political situation, and to take steps to place the colony in a state of defeuce. It was well known that a dissolution was distateful to the Ministry and their followers, because to dissolve would be, in their opinion, to do exactly what the Council have acted as it has done to secure, and, further, it was held by the Liberal party that a dissolution so soon after a great election, wliea reform of the Constitution was a prominent plank in tlie platform, was simply nugatory .and ridiculous. Those are the reasons given by the Berry party against a dissolution, and of course the Opposition say they are shams, and that the real reason is the dread that the electors would pronounce against payment of members, without which the Liberal party would be helpless. However, it should be- tensembered that the Reform League submitted the following as the first plank" of their platform ott the 11th of May :—" Keform «f the Constitution, whereby ai'iy measure twice passed by the Legislative Assembly, and twice rejected by the Legislative Couhca, shall be finally settled, so far as Parliament is concerned, by an appeal to the electors by means of a plebiscitum." The Liberal party have, therefore, some reason to say that the couutry have pronounced on Constitutional reform, although it is questionable whether the plebiscitum is altogether regarded by the majority-as the correct thing now. In view, therefore, of the strong feeling against a dissolution, the Ministry have cast about for another scheuic, and it is no wonder that they have thought of that suggested years ago by the Age, a National Convention. Heretofore nothing has appeared more feasible than sending up a Reform Bill to the Couiicil on the re-assembliug of Parliament, and, if that was thrown out, to appeal to the people, and then to the Imperial Parliament. But, from the indications given, it seems clear that the Ministry, seeing their followers would throw the first plauk of the 11th of May programme in their faces, have taken the National Convention idea into consideration, and may adopt it, probably will. Historical precedents are not wanting, as every reader of English history knows full well. The question which will arise will be the form of the Convention. It will probably consist of delegates from every constituency, who wilt be remunerated, and who will have to deliberate upon the reform of the Constitution, and 'to act upon the instructions of his constituents. The whole thing will be outside of the Constitution, but 1 understand tliat if is thought that the GoFernor and the Imperial Parliament will in no manner interfere, as it will br entirely a local atfair. Tliat remains j be seen! Should such a scheme bo b.ought forward, the opposition to it will be very powerful. However, that it will be popular there is no doubt, but as to us success that ; will depend. Probably the xiublic will have some idea of what is m'the wind on Tuesday. I believe that even if the Council were to pass the Payment of Members Bill that would not interfere with the. deterinination-of the present Government to put au end, at once and for ever, to ; Constitutional Reform. . - TIIH reign ef Bishop Moorhouse promises to be remarkably in contrast tb that of Bishop Perry. - Dr. Moorhouse belongs, evidently, to that clerical 'school which has been called Mrtscular. Christians, and which is opposed -to Wesleyairism aud Presbyteriamsin. 1 Iu ; fact;. men of the Buhop's mind agree with the clergyman who said that he did liofinteud to let the devil monopolise all the.good things of the world. Bishop Bloorhouse has already given his adhesion to Christians patronising the theatreSj provided that they were properly conducted, and, now he has not oaly sanctioned clergymen playing cricket, but absolutely counsels them to patronise and appear in-.manly., sports, racing cupted. The mixing -of ihe cler^y witli their flocks in ordinary amusements must - do good,. therefore everyone must thank the good :bisliop. . :,. Melbourne swarms with sharks of: all descriptions at tho present moment. £ never saw such a number: of. the genus in the city before, and all hard up, too. : They prowl a-ound the hotels in the hope to pick up piey by some means or another, no dnubfc imagining that the country people would be easily bled. But, to • quote Harry Rvckards, " they make the mistake " The country folks tins season have been remarkably wary, and, besides, they did not have much, surplus casii- The sharpai s range from .the seedy ma«s- »an to the gentlemanly, .swindler. • The police, of couise, attack only, the former, and the latter <LIe fiee-to.do as they WilL Now, is this not a little, too baS-'f -Why should the rogue iu moleskin-suffer wheu the villain an bioadcloth escapes scot' free' I have just seen a letter from America . what states that Mr. Dampier was what is technically called .a.,,'/frost-?', .in 8an • FranciEco, m other words, -ho did uot draw. Actors who have been successful in Australia, owing., to - their, ^having secured a Urge number af friends -and admirers, often make -the-jnistake'/of- : thinking tlut the world will, be equally kind. I read, to >, that Sldlle. de Murska who queened it here, has had to play a subordinate part inoperain San Frauciaco;:, h«r co-pdoia donnas being Carey (not, Eleanor) and Kellogg..• M^Irelan'd,:who left us under the impressiou^tkat he had only to show m Loiidoii.tifset the .Thames -'< on fire -aud become a.star, ik;iiow in Mel-• Uhurne, and will shortly,.appear. at the . jPrinceBB^s. enfoice the "Vagrant Act One seesBO many creatures who have no occupation, and who prey upon the community. Would, it not be a blessing a Vagrant's Home were established, to -which place . could be sent -every man and woman who had no lawful visible means of suppoi t, and where they wonld.be made to worlc,! and to. learn industrial habits 3 To;sendi tliem'to gaol is only to.make theni crimi- Jials for ever. •I understand rthat the celebrated (infamously) Budget- has-given up .the ghost; after;coming out in <3ouble form. ;A:good riddance. The other print «£ the-same class -.[survives,: hut it has got*into . -the hands- of 1 a; respectable printer.'and -will no doubt change its life. Old men will be fools, the older the •worse. One old gentleman who came to the city to spend'the holidays will hardly go home in .a pleasant frame ofmmd. Tins old gentleinau—I could give his name audresidence, but I won't—became frisky and sought forbidden haunts. He wolce up next morning lumnsa pot of money; a gold ,watch and chain, diamond studs, &c.;, and pins an abominable headache.' J Fortunately the 'rogues left him lus clothea. In this he was better oft than a gentleman who now holds a high position,^'who found himself -sans everything, and .-in the gutter when morning dawned. Of-course the old man will keep things darlt it he can. Several oilier fools, old and young got ensnared and lost, their money—-one, L am told, to the tune of £150: ... Serve them right. Have people reflected upon the great changes iflnch i the telephone, rude forms of which are mow being -tried 111 Mel-; bourne mil oftect when peifected? It will do away with the present cumbrous mode of communication altogether. Your correspondent will not have to write mesaagesj he "will only have to sit m the Melbourne oflice and tell you the news, while your shorthand writer sits by. The army of'operators will disappear, and the telephone . will simply be let at so much per minute. You then get m two minutes what takes now an hour to transmit. When Parliament is sitting you will want no reporters in the gallery, you will simply sit in your own oflice and take notes, And then reflect how the telephone will affect musical performances. When s^eat -soloist or singer appears m Melbourne, all youliave to do is to connect the wires with the different halls and theatres Hi Australia, and the people at Albury or..Port Darwin can take thenseats and listen to the music just as. well as if they were in Melbourne ! Of course a charge would be made at every hall and fancy what one concert by a . De Murska or a Link would bring 111. Some performer might dummy the part on the local stages, aud so the illusion would be complete... And then, after a while the telephone would be extended to England, and .Sir Charles Gavan Dufly could sit in lus cozy room in Parliament House and: have it out with John Bright re that conversation about Protection. The prodigal son in Australia could converse with his dying father, in England, and receive his forgiveness and his blessing. Speeches made m the -House of Commons would appear in the Argta next inormng, just like the debates in the Assembly. Now, some people will be disposed to think I am writing m joke ,- not at all, for I am . confident that the telephone will soon be brought to perfection and be used as I have described. There,.is some talk of appointing a chemical lecturer for tlie-State schoolsj or rather to impart, chemical education to the teachers, and it is likely a gentleman oil Sandhurst, who has been very successful 111 that line, will be appointed. Agricultural lecturers are also spoken of, and once the Legislature settle down to work thematter will be .taken up. The farmers of. this country are badly m want of- men who would analyse their lands, aud who would teacli them the elements of chemicals, which they would put to practical use. The papers by the mail show an astonishing political movement in England, towards democracy. Lord Hartmgton, Mr Bright, Mr Gladstone, and -other Liberal leaders are going in for the disestablishment of the Church, division -of land, and universal suffrage. There are signs that after a prolonged political inactivity, tlie-strife is about to be renewed, and that the Liberal party are going m for extreme measures to rouse the country. Considering the number of theatres, the public are fairly patronising our places of amusement. The circus draws well, but then its maw is so gigantic that it takes a crowd to fill it. The pantomimes will be of shorter duration this year than usual, few of them will live over January, which will be a longer lease of life than they deserve. I will close my letter with au anecdote which .is gomg the Tounds about a very .miserly old squatter who liails from the Goshen of.Victoria, the Western District- He was up for-tile holidays, and prior toleaving went in for a big meal at one of. our great hotels. He then took the steamer, but he had not been half an hour, on board when he was at the bulwarks sacrificing to Neptune. After he had done his best to tarn himself inside out, a friend found him limp aud-perspiring, seated on deck, and looking as if : a great, calamity had befallen: him-' " Hoot, toot, man," said Jus friend^ " don't be glum about it, everyone lias his time of it." " 5 It's no the pain I care for," was the reply; "but just think of. it, twelve guid shillings thrown away jtdfeed the fishes." • J 