DENMAN. Amusements-A concert in aid of the School of Arts took placo last Friday night, and I must say was a great suooess, oonsidering the heavy rains we had during the day and night. About eleven pounds were taken To go through the performaneos of the evening in detail would oooupy too mach of your spaoo, and I also think it quit« unnecessary. But I cannot allow the valuable asaistanoo of some of the gümiamen who took part to go unnoticed The parts takon by Messrs. W. and 0. Breoht, whioh brought forth roars of laughter, by a nigger dialogue, and also from Mr. C. Breoht a nigger oration. Mr. Stanmore, who sang "Tight Shoe, don't bothor me," and was enoored, and gave " Tho Little Brown Jug," in a manner quite pleasing. He also sang at d'fferent intervals " Tim Flaherty," " Good-by^ at the Door," and was always encored at avery appearanoe. Mr. W Brecht also gave several noags, which were well reoeived. Mr. G. Greg son, who reoites in an exoollont style, gave several reoitations ; eoveral dialogues were also rendered by Messrs. G. Grogson and C Breoht. Mr. F. Howard, who is an exoollont comic singor, was well reoeived The entortainmont oonoluded with a side splitting farce, entitled "A Ghost in a Pawn Shop," whioh brought out roars of laughter right through the pieoe, until the curtain fell. " God Save the Queen " was then sung by the oompany. The bail was then olearcd for the quadrille party, whioh waa kept up till the day began to dswn, whon all wooded their way home, aftor enjoying a really good night's amusement. Ever sinoo last Tuesday it has been raining at times. The weather is very cold. We could do with somo fine weather for a while, as every part of our neighbourhood is well soaked. The Pearce Fund -As usual, our little town is not behind in any public mattara. I havo been pleased to notioa the Rsv. Mr. Mills going through our neighbourhood with a sub soription list for the Pearce fund. Tho amount taken I havo not heard, but oonsidering the limit of sixpenoe, it will not bo expeotcd, as we arc not of a largo population in this part, School of Arts.-Tho weekly mooting held on Wednesday, 17sh inst, was fairly attended Tho donate for ti at evening was, "Would an income tax bo advantageous to this oolony ?" [t waa opened in the negative by Mr J.Batger, supported by Jas Kennedy and G. A Kobble, opposed by Messrs. W. Breoht, Q Ross, F. Howard, and 0 Bieoht. Mr Batger then re plied. It was put to the meeting, and carried in tho nogative by a majority of two. Denman, July l8,1878 