jyArcy Iica<Vs Ghost. This entertainment was given at the Town Hall last night, and a full houso greeted its firnt appearance; here. The performance commenced with a historical romance, " The Knight Watching his .Armour," and . the temptations that beset him were well repre sented bv shadows "nf vnrtnna nlintwi nn,1 characters, which appeared and disapneared with marvellous quickness; The second part consisted of a representation of phantom Christy Minstrels, which was provocative of great amusement to all assembled, and the , celerity with which the shadows wore sub- I stituted for tho real performers was most perplexing, and caused occasional rounds of 'laughter; but the most enjoyable part was the ghost's revels in tho haunted hpusc. Tlio leading character, Mr. Lcandcr Sheak- well, was taken by Mr. D'ArcyRcad in a first-rate style, which proved that gentleman to be a very clever actor, and tho song about Mary further testified that he is possessed of no inconsiderable vocal powers, for which the audience testified their appreciation in loud and prolonged applause. The -piece itself ' is well put .together, nnd tho ghosts that were contiuually appearing and starting : the poor . man out of his senses —until familiarity bred contempt, and he became used to them— were a source of.; delight to everyone. In fact, the whole entertainment is a first-class one, and is worthy of tho fullest patronage. The stage is carried right up to the liall door, to allow room for the extensive machinery, which, wc believe,- took three days to get into- the hall. In the. Christy Minstrel portion, the singers did not seem to be very well up in their business, and a good deal of prompting was apparent, , which no doubt will be done away, with on its second ap pearance. The figuros, which in some instances arc suspended in the air, were very good, and clearly visible. The sailor's hornpipe, danced by a young lady, was greeted with shouts for an encore, which, however, was not responded to. Anyone wishing to spend a merry evening cannot do better than wend their way to tlio Town ;Hall any night this week, when the enter- ;tainnient will be repeated. We must not ;oniit to ineution .that Mr. Crowliurst pre sided at the piano, and played the pieces, and accompaniments in; his usual felicitous style, 