BURIED ALIVE. BY JOSH. PICKEHSGILL. During the summer of 1865, some of my readers may probably remember with what terrible fatality the month of March ended, tlie fell diseases—colonial fever and dysentery—siaving; the young, the middle-aged, and the old colonist with terrible and unerring aim. With itliers, careless of diet or sickening heat, I had vainly endeavored to ward off repeated attacks of the piovalent fever, lingering on in the hope of a trip across the straits, or to the more seductive station on the Murray Plains ; plying, like Hamlet's father, an afternoon's ustom, mine being the homely shandygaff, or the more popular No. '2Moselle with its soda adjunct, of course medicinally. It requires no strong mental effort to guess the end of the then popular delusion of defying medical aid, for the more entrancing mundaue stimulants mentioned above. Enough to know that I settled down within seven days to the common custom of being found in bed in liigh fever, with a medico on one side and a small host of sympathisers on the other. Those to whom the fever colonial is a stranger can little reck of the parclied throat, the swollen tongue, the sickening nausea, and singular nerve depression awaiting, turn and turn alike, upon every stage of this essentially and purely Australian malady. I have in iny time suffered as a watcher over many a deathbed scene, and the reader will bear me out in the assertion that the most trying and touching situations, which all humans are liable to of this saddening nature, are to be met with when the vital spark is flickering out slowly to an intense consciousness lingering to the last with the resigned sufferer. With the knowledge of expiring hope, imparted in sorrowful kindness from medical or nonscientific attendant, and vividly apparent in the tearful glances of relatives or tried comrades around one's death bed, I found a lullaby sympathy whose effect seemed weird-like to console and soothe me. The whisperings of tired watchers in the passages leading to the sick chamber, the ominous ceasing of stimulants, the double relays of higher pillows, and the efforts of changers of watches to steal sileutly at the closing of the wearied eyelids from the bed side, were to me significant enough of the " finale." Three friends, old chums o'er many a festive wassail, sat near as the last hour approached, and their sighs, attuned in sorrow, seemed to rise and fall in unison as they bent their sympathising looks through the dim lamplight which fell athwart my couch. And to me it seemed, as the light slowly and soothingly faded, a cheering touch which Jack Gibson's hand yielded in mine as blank darkness closed in on me, and a strange sense of exquisite repose stole over my soul, to which for days and nights my aching and reduced frame had been a stranger—I had crossed over the stream where suffering made way for exquisite rest—the stillness of my chamber, the lingering cadences of departing voices, the deep-drawn sigh and the awful stillness—a wave of falling darkness descended in slow wreathings, and I slept, but only the wild strange sleep of a deep, deadly trance, * * * * 41 Trance mediums were uncommon in those days, and, in fact, are rare enough to-day, although in the years which have intervened since my death I have never lost an opportunity, as it offered of comparing notes with one, like myself, who had slept through a trance, and suffered; and I have invariably found a singular similarity iu our compared experiences. In my own case I well remember the long, long sleep of that marvellous repose which followed my apparent demise. The first sensations I experienced were of being tied down, and a strong desire to speak, although knowing well at the time that I could not move my tongue. I did not seem to feel disappointment, although I suffered a strange inward dread of noise. I seemed to wake from my sleep with the full knowledge that I was iu a trance, and that if I kept quiet my faculties would be restored, sooner or later, through the refreshing repose I had enjoyed, could trace most vividly every footstep, and knew its owner; I could distinctly understand every word spoken, knowing right well each familiar voice ; and the distress which a sincere sob from an old servant near the bed created within me seemed more than my inflamed, unutter able thoughts could endure. The greatest anxiety I felt rested in my desire to look around me: if I could only see one friend's face, and by so doing ensure his attention to me, I felt that the trance would pass away and that something would be done to save me. Musing on this increasing misery, and reflecting upon the extraordinary sensations which were crowding through my brain, I suddenly felt a hand pat my cheek, and I thought surely I must have started. The pat was continued, and, to my horror and dismay, I recognised the voice of Gus Sleight, the Collins-street dispenser of mourning coaches and hearses. "Poor Bob," said the now familiar undertaker, " many a worse fellow have I screwed up." " Yes," answered Harry Bowler,: " with all his faults—and he had lots— there's many a worse man living." After recovering from Sleight's familiarity with his hand, I thought—" True, Harry Howler, true ; I had many faults: perhaps one of my worst being fool enough to endorse yonr bills oft enough." Sleight, without wishing, I imagined, to tickle me, felt me across and lengthways, and pinched my nose. Why this was done I never knew, and have often wondered whether all sniff noses are pinched by the cheerless undertaker. It seemed to be strange that for weeks I thought I lay listening for some familiar voice, and listening in vain. After all. I had been left alone for only one night. Yet, the terrible stillness of that room thrilled me with horror, on thinking' over this memorable career in my death for year/? afterwards. I had as yet barely contemplated for a moment my fearful position; yet it suddenly dawned across my fevered brain that there was an unusual stir of feet approaching my room; strange voices, too —one singularly harsh-toned, after the soft whisperings I had been accustomed to for a fortnight. " Catch a hold, Jim," said the raventhroated though fashionable mute, and I knew instantly my situation was becoming critical, for I was bumped, twisted, and banged down into my coffin with about as much ceremony as packing a ham in sawdust. " S'elp me never!" answered his mate; " blowed if the covey aint looking better than when I *eed him afore. They alius does, Jim, coves like him as was fond on a drop." « Was he, Bill ?" " So I heerd, Jim, from one of the swells below." " When do we fetch the bloke ?" " Well, a rummy time—lata this afternoon," answered the dulcet-toned first villain; and they walked off. * * * * " Looks like old times," said my friend Barry Bowler, removing a soft, handkerchief which my landlady had placed across my face. " Yes," answered a gay dog, jolly irrepressible, and effervescent—one Dick Ellis—" poor old devil, he's out of one hot wind, unless he's struck a worse." " What d'ye say?" said Bowler ; " do we put off the cards to-night ? I'm out a hundred yet." " Put off be hanged!" answered Ellis, " Old Bob would be just about in his best form—wouldn't you, old un" (slapping my cheek)—" if he could roll in, aud take a hand this hot night." " Yes," replied Bowler, " he owes me a pony from the last go in." "That's as big a lie, Bowler" (I yearned to exclaim), '* as ever you told seeing that in mjpjjocket-book, hanging over yonder in the old grey coat, I've kept jour I.O.U.'s for over three years side by side with ^our K.S.F, cheques." But, being unable to retort upon my cheerful chum's assertion, I just lay, and swore inwardly that, if ever I got a show out of this coffin, Master Bowler would have cause for serious reflections given him. After a few uncomplimentary remarks from my sporting friends as to mv general luck, though rolled over at last. &c.;, they left me, Bowler remarking, as a parting salute, " We won't screw him up till the last minute; some of the boys would very likely want to see his old mug again." This was kind of Bowler, I thought, anyhow; and I ignored his dishonored paper, becoming terribly anxious about the last rites which awaited me within seven hours. I will not intrude the wretchedness of that day upon my reader, but lightly scan the leading events up to the cemetery. They behaved nobly my fellowlodgers. They sat around, during that long afternoon, dividing my clothes and ornamental memorandums. Bowler seemed contented with the pocket-book, He had noticed in one of the flap pockets, not one but several acceptances determinedly overdue, upon whose faces the familiar name of Bowler appeared in undeniable characters. His clear eye undoubtedly fell upon these mystic words " Refer to drawer," and Bob referred the bills instantaneously to the acceptor'! pocket—the pocket of Robert Bowler, Dick Ellis saw considerable satisfaction in the residue of my estate lying around, He felt that the Curator of Intestate Estates might be too busy to attend to my demise, and he kindly made a home for the effects «f his deceased friend without the interference of a Government official; and thus the day wore on. With that punctuality which is pain fully apparent in the minds and manners of executioners, Mr. Sleight drove up, in all the cold-blooded, and to him beau tiful, panoply of his office, his classic brow slightly pursed with as much grief as he could afford for a one-coach show and the small gathering received his ministrations in befitting silence—-a silence broken only by the deep-drawn sighs from the old servant alluded to in the early history of my death, whose sincerity, clad in borrowed black, seemed soothing to me in .the stillness of this never-to-be- forgotten afternoon. Sleight had evidently been remarkably pushed for time all day. He consolingly told my chief mourners what a busy season he was fretting over, and that we must make haste, having three more such cesses on for that afternoon could hear the quiet grunt of contentment from his lips as he "finished off," as he called it, my little job; and with his words, which seemed to sound my last knell of hope, " Yes, Mr. Bowler, I saw his old uncle, and he goes into their family vault," I fell into a deep, long, dreamy sleep, which ended in some most singular surprises ere daylight next morninsr. When reason again returned, a most agonising feeling of bitter consciousness, mingled with fear, coursed through my brain. Everything that had passed flitted rapidly through my mind, and I knew almost instantaneously my position. With an effort which nearly strangled me, J turned on my side, and unloosed my arms. Placing my head against the lid, and the palms of both hands against the sides of the coffin, I brought superhuman strength to my aid, (I, as quick almost as the effort was made, the lid flew off, and one side of my gingerly deal board mansion cracked, with a noise whose echo froze my very oul with fear. I sat up, but could not feel what I fain dreaded to touch— walls. I crept out of my lightly strungup tenement, and crawled along the damp floor, passing too cold, clammy coffins in my ramblings. Then, reaching a corner of the vault, I came upon loose earth, positively warm to the touch. Looking upwards, I distinctly 6aw pale moonlight through a small opening, and I stood up, slowly standing nearly upright. Sleight, being nncom monly busy, backed up as he was by many of the leading physicians, and a malignant, pestiferous fever, had banked up the entrance to my vault with loose shingles, intending, when his day's suc- cessful and grim pleasures were over, to attend to my humble requirements early next day, and finish me off neatly—a fact which he tells with unctuous glee to this day; and in less time than I have consumed in writing this half sheet, stood outside the vault, free and faint, with a thankful, heartfelt prayer on my lips, at my terrible escape from lingering agonies. In screwing me hurriedly up, my ever dear friend failed to notice that a thick screw had become embedded in the edge of my coffin, leaving me abso lutely a quarter of an inch aperture at the head end of Sleight's handiwork; and, no doubt, that tiny yet important opening saved my life. In those days few men took the trouble, when dead, to observe trifles of this kind about their coffins; yet I would always recommend after my experiences in that line, the tenant to see that the Sleights of to- day close up their contracts neatly, although I am told my friend finishes now-a-days with excellent compactness, brought about by virtue of great competition in his profession. It was aD extraordinary adventure for one night, and it ended strangely. The moon, nearly at full, shone out 'with summer brilliancy; the night reposed in a warm air, not a sound disturbed the melancholy stillness of that sacred spot, until a clock-bell began its solemn striking Carltonwards. I listened, but heard only two beats ; then the terrifying silence reigned gloomily around again. I felt instinctively I had missed one or two beats ; that, if I had missed two, it mnst be 4 o'clock; or, upon closer reflection, I thought, could I have lost the early striking, and that the hour must be about midnight. Being at the end of summer, I thought 4 o'clock a.m. would bring flickerings of light in the east; and I might have gone oil wondering indefinitely had not s slow footstep—singularly loud as it seemed in its effect upon me—disturbed and alarmed me. I ducked behind the ornamental railing of my temporary lodgings, keeping my eye upon the shining form approaching. I rubbed both eyes anew, and trembled at the flashing figure, whose very head seemed to blaze, and I shivered as I crouched, On it came, with step slow and majestic. It developed, at 10 yards distance, into a 6-foot policeman—a reflective, solemn visaged, oil - skinned, shiny - crowned bobby, upon whose waterproofs the moonlight danced in ghastly illuminations. My old larrikin, worldly ways came back upon me intuitively, and thought—" Bobby, my darling, I'll give you one fright in return, which will straighten our accounts, and yield to your contemplative mind matter for dis enssion in your barracks to-morrow, dear Robert." He was comfortably abreast my hiding- place, as, gathering up my winding sheet, I rose steadily and, stretching slowly my arms to their full length, with averted face I awaited the issue. I shall never know how A224's features bore the trial; but this much I do know, the dignified sentiments of " Move on, now," were ex changed for one of the most unearthly yells conceivable; a voice, pitched won drously high, exclaimed " Holy Mother! with sundry hurried expressions honest Irish accents ; and I don't think the wildest hoodlum could have lived in the paces which overcame the bobby. In the distance I could hear the iron gate bang to in the most determine manner and if that bobby be still outside that old cemetery—aud I hope he may be, to read these lines—the hurried causes of his matutinal race with a ghost will now dawn upon him. Suddenly from " St. Mungo's tower 3 o'clock pealed; and, elated with life liberty, and the most exhilirating sight of a lifetime, I determined upon an ex- traordinary event ere daylight once again broke upon my disturbed functions. I made up my mind to scale the cemetery wall, make down the University garden, and disturb the card-party of my particular friends, Bowler and Co., knowing that they were certain to play late through the hot-wind night. Folding my windingsheet closer, I gingerly traced my footsteps o're the gravel crossings, climbed the old wooden fence which in those days pioneered the present haudsone iron railing, and, keeping the University walls close to my right, I reached my previous earthly lodgings, coursed by about 30 of the most vulgar specimens of the canine race—dogs of all sizes and varieties of yell. In our right-of-way I was delighted to observe the light from our lodgings. It played upon the dry gutters from the little back sitting-room, and I undid the gate- latch, and took a rest on the woodpile—an effort which seemed necessary after the extraordinary exploits of the past few hours. I could hear Harry Bowler cursing somebody's luck in tones which undoubtedly betrayed, not only a bad run, but considerable tumbler-lifting. Harry was drunk. Frank Gibson—as decent a fellow as ever cut a deal—had evidently landed, not only Bowler, but Dick Ellis, the same homely Ellis, upon whose person it would not have surprised me to have observed my Sunday clothes. I laid my plans immediately, seeing that in the eastern sky the grey blue of daylight seemed spreading ; already the cocks were vigorously using their lungs in loud defiance at one another all round, and sundry sniffing noses under the old face proved that my canine accom panyists had run me in to their evident satisfaction. I observed with particular fiendish delight that Harry Bowler's back rested against the passage wall, and facing the door which very soon would swing to the turn of a living-dead man. Dick Ellis faced Bowler; the rest sat round, smoking like chimneys in a high wind ; and the pale cm-ling mist of tobacco-smoke which over-hung the table and furniture like a shadowy pall suited the denouement gloriously. With little music from the Corsican Brothers given in, there was a fortune in this tableau, if the principal performers could have been brought on at some decent theatre nightly. Taking a loose turn of my winding-sheet across my bare arms left a considerable portion of my legs exposed ; but I knew right well that the face would be the peculiar attraction when I entered, which I did, still as death, advancing just sufficiently to throw the one kerosine light, swinging over the table, full upon my face Bowler was in the act of passing over an 1.0.U., when he met my steady, solemn look, earnestly and coldly scanning him, His hand stayed its course, grasping between thumb and finger the little white memorandum of liis indebtedness to the pool, and dropped upon the table. For a second he shaded his eyes with his disengaged right hand, a guttural sound escaped his lips, and, as he pointed towards my figure, his head went back, and Harry Bowler had swooned. Dick Ellis seized Bowler by the shoulder, and shook him. Then it suddenly struck Ellis—Why did Bowler point towards the door ? With a rapid movement Ellis stood up, leaving bowler's head swinging over the side of the chair, and he looked carefully at me, bravely and coolly. He then pulled Prank Gibson's arm and silently pointed towards me. Gibson turned ghastly pale in a few seconds and the rest of the gamblers stood to their chairs. I saw at a glance I gone far enough. Drawing back a few paces, I tried to speak, and with difficulty succeeded, seeing that I had been nearly 60 hours tongue-tied, accosting Ellis jocosely with "Don't give way Dick ; I'm all right; I'm not dead, 6ld fellow. Must have been a trance 1" And I remember a dismal mist, dark and thick, coming between us ; but nothing more. Dick Ellis told me afterwards that, as I mentioned the word trance, I fell forward being caught by the two strangers, slept for 26 hours, wandering, now raving, now imploring, in my sleep, as my male attendants told me—through church yard adventures, grim vaults, and smothering enemies. Poor Harry Bowler, through much tribulation and neat brandy, came back to reason just as the milkman pushed the can on the back window-sill; and as ~ slept on that eventful morning the re newed repose of my earthly connection anew, the boys sat on the chairs around, and in Whisky and milk drank in silence, accompanied with befitting glances, to the strange reappearance of their chum,whose adventures were then not known to them, but whose welcome presence, although asleep iu their midst, filled them with weird wonders and delights. The weather has nothing to do with the heat on a racecourse. A Vermont son said at his mother's funeral that he and his father were very much obliged to the people who came, '' and we hope,' he added, "the time is not far distant when we may do the same for you.' 