ON DOOTOBS.,., ,,. DOCTORS nrc men with' oyb-glusseB, anti hluok coats*, and Binny, hats; find .bends" ih'thcir bucks. They have soft voices, and speak-as if they had just left off singing very, solemn music They smile softly whet; they meet you, and shako hands with you in a slow deliberate way. They lovo tho society of canary: birds and leeches, and othor sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every timo tho clock strikes, and rub their hats with damp to weis, to make thom glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morning for .their hcnlth, and put oil on their hair for the'good of trade. A man onco told ino that no one ovor yet saw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all tho other ghosts gather around his ghost, and treat it BO : badly that it is ashamed to show its. face ..to respectable pcoplo over afterwards. He told me thnt tho reason of this is because the ' doctors mádb nearly all the other ghosts, and ghostB aro a most ungrateful chum ot people. When doctors como into a parlor or drawing room they bow, mid rub ono hand over another and smile, and bond over you, und. ask in a whisper,' " How are wo gotting. oii 1" Then they walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their scarfs and hnir, .ond tho folds of their shirts ; after thia they turn' their backs to tho glass, and, having stretched' out their arms to tho full length, twist their wristbands a little, . and smooth tho Uack bf ono hand with the palm of the other.; All; this makes them cool and collected, and prevents thom from looking within ten years of their reid age. When doctors' come'.into a bedroom they smile and talk about tho woather and tho prico of nmtfón.ló Then1 they, look'out"of tlie window, and ask who lives i opposite, - and whether his eldest daughter:/is not' married- :to, iyoung Edmunds of tho Lancet's, and ifthoro is any truth in tho.rumor that his eldest son has given up his wild habits and, is attending to his -profession. .'.After this they .walk over to tho sick person and say, "Well, so you havo persuaded yourself that you aro not well. Now, lut us seo-lot us' scci" Theil ' thoy catch hold of tho person'» hand, and 'take put a hugo gold watch, and look us if they .wcro going to sleep. After a while they shut' tho watch-caso with a loud snap, and' sigh faintly, as if'they'were waking ; then look up nt the ceiling, and look clown nt tho ground, and ruako figures with tho toes of their boots on tho carpet. ! After this they; enquire how often . tho sick person has asked what o'clock it wns during tho paat week, and if hu had been picking his teeth with brass, or cutting his huir with u nit-trap. Af tor they hnvo been, answered, .they, request'tho sick person to put óút jiis tongue.'',Whori thoy soo tho tongue thoy say, " H'm,", very softly, and sit down with another sigh.. Tlioy then enquire if the sick person' hhs expressed any wish for sausiigcs or buttered .Scotch or oxalic acid'or any othor poison,' or if ho had been using tonna of .tiflection in connection with tho ninno of his mother-in-law j or' with the Commune, or with tho incomertaXj;or¡'if .ho "IMB in.;any other way exhibited: deoided symptoms.of a wandering or enfeebled mind. ¡'.Upon.being, answorcd, thoy say " H'm" again, and leave the room immedi- ately afterwards. '''?'''? i /.?».*:'.!,' As Hoon us thoy: 'got buck1 io tho parlor or drawing-room, thoy say that tho "sick person is not in good health, and ¡ho must ( bo kept os qtiiot us possible. They* order' him 'to be pro- vided with a pocket-handkerchief, and' light ltteraturo, and whoy or brandy,' according to Iiis tasto. Thoy forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in thu daily .papers, or anything olso that would be likely to excite or oxaspornto him.. -Then they take up a piece of paper, and write n few badly-spelled words, and.draw three-legged stoolB, and frying-pans und regiments of soldiors, and othor childish figures upon it, and request to havo this sent to the apothecary's. When the apothecary sees thia he says " Oh, bother I" and places it on a file, He t'non takes ,a',bottle of paraffin oil, and, having put a pinoh of salt and a littlo nut- meg into it, sends it home to tho siolc man; EMAHUEI. KINK. 