CHRIST AND HIS. KINGDOM. ? .» ? i -LECTURE DELIVERED BY HIS GRACE THE ARCHBISHOP. OE SYDNEY, IN THE PRINCESS THEATRE, SAND HURST, ON MONDAY EVENING 7m OCTOBER, 1878. ; ~ v . ' ? {Concluded.]) _ l ' ' ' What was the consequence of this falling away from the primitive revelation of creed, morality, and worship ? What followed from man losing sight of God, and falling down into the impotency of his own passions and the darkness of this original pride ? Has man ever sufficed as alto- gether for himself ? Has 'he ever done anything else than prove, if left alone to develop what is in him, that he does require aid ' greater than what man can give ; and that he who is prone to evil from his youth cannot successfully 'stand against the tide of corruption within him and without him, except he possess the grace and the friendship of his Maker ? Not only does he sink down into darkness and misery as 'a moral being, but even as a member of civil society, , and that society of which lie , forms a part becomes degraded with his degradation. Superstition, slavery, and cruelty are the three necessary con sequences of the loss of the primitive revelation and the falling of man from heaven to earth. 'Take for a moment an example of this' in that, great Roman Empire, '-which 'after wards felt the magic ' influence of the spirit of the Gospel. As if there were' in the public mind some presentiment of the coming of a Redeemer ; or as if that old tradi tion of the approaching Messias had' somehow' interwoven itself with the religious sentiments''of the people, it is, certain that -in.the later system' of paganism, throughout the Roman Empire there was a strong tendency 'to deify the 'living man. This, certainly, was a, common practice in all times since the loss of the true tradition. But in this case the object of deification, or apotheo sis, was- the, supreme ruler of 'the Empire itself. Having the absolute power, being the highest and most 'prominent and the most august (repre- sentative of humanity, the Emperors easily con- ciliated to themselves that superstitious rever- ence which speedily developed into an adoration. Temples were erected to their worship even whilst they wore living. And when dead, they were honoured by apotheosis. Fifty-three of these rulers, together with the ladies ''of their family, were' deified between ' the 'deification of Caesar and the apotheosis of Diocletian ; and they were invoked, and prayed 'to somewhat as in \- the , Catholic Church we pray -to our Blessed Lord, and offer Him the intensest worship' of our hearts. Thus some of the greatest monsters that ever walked the earth were made the Lords and Gods of a people whom they Jenslavcd during life, and whose very adoration, they turned into ridicule, as Vespasian did, when they, were djing. Caligula, who is also remarkable for having made his horse a consul, took for granted Sithat lie was the great -Ruler of the universe. He caused' Jupiter's head to be struck off many -of the' statues in Rome, and his own hideous caput to be substituted in its place.. He even was so deranged as to question Jupiter's powers -over the heavens. During a gladiatorial show -at which he was presiding a thunderstorm* inter rupted the horrid cruelties which he and his 'cour tiers were witnessing. He started furiously from his seat, and in the midst of universal silence' turned to 'the heavens above his head, and, with frantic gestures and blasphemous imprecations, declared' that he would have no divided-empire, and that either he or Jupiter must be, sole and supreme commander of heaven and earth. Heliogabalus went further still, and did his best to unite' all religions together in the worship of himself. Thus the most crushing form of slavery 'and superstition wont hand in hand; and the em pire itself became the most telling -example 'of what kind of degradation can fall upon an em pire that has lost all clear idea of a spiritual and personal God. ' The pages of Suetonius,' says Lecky, ' remain an eternal witness of the abyss of depravity, tho hideous, intolerable, cruelty, the hitherto unimagined extravagances of name- less lust that were then manifested on the Pala tine; and while they cast a fearful light upon the moral chaos into which pagan society had sunk, they furnish ample evidence -of the de- moralizing influences of the empire. -The 'cor- ruption of a court, the formation of a profession of spies, the encouragement given to luxury; the distributions of corn, and tho multiplication' of games, were evils which' varied greatly in their degree of intensity; but the very existence' of the empire prevented tho creation of those habits of political life which formed tho moral type of the great republics of antiquity.' It follows almost as a necessary consequence that despotism and superstition of tihs kind should lead to tyranny and slavery the most appalling and debased. And so it was. Slavery was spread over the whole of heathendom, and seems like a leprosy, following on that moral degradation proceeding from the loss of creed, morality, and pure worship of a Personal God. The slave impersonates the results of this loss. He shows us the bottom of the pit of darkness and death to which man is capable of falling. He was looked upon not 'an an individual but as a veritable beast of burden, and he- was, on account of having reason, treated more cruelly than an animal. Torture, death, and crucifixion were acknowledged punishments, just as we in these days imprison and fine. Kicked, insulted, trampled on, starved, put to death— the slave had no appeal. He was chained by the foot, and branded like cattle, and when done with occa sionally cast for the wild beasts to play with in tho amphitheatres. And many slaves considered it a privilege to be allowed to escape tho terrorism and inhuman cruelty of their masters by meeting the wild beasts in the arena -and spilling their blood as dearly as they could. Slaves' were sold like cattle in tho markets, and had tab lets hung round their necks to let the world know what blemishes they had and what price was expected to be paid for them.' Rome swarmed with, these miserable, degraded,1 demoralised creatures. House, and farm were1, filled with them. Some rich, men had as many] as 20,000 sloyes. Crassus, in architects -ind cai-ponters, had over 500. Scaurus had 8000.' In the 'time of Augustus one man died leaving, 4116 slaves. Some time as many as 10,000 were set at- each other in the amphitheatres, and, on tbno occasion, the massacre was carried On for 123 days. Five years before tho birth of Christ, there were 650,000 slaves in the city of Rome alone, Seneca gives us an idea of how these human beasts of burden t were generally treated. 'The' unhappy slave,' he says, 'in his master's pre-! seiice, is not free to move his lips, even for to speak. ' Whispering is silenced, with the rod even acci dental acts like coughing, sneezing, orhiccuping, meet with the same retribution. Every sotmcl to break the silence has a heavy penance attached t o it ; they have to continue the wholo night through fasting and dumb. Wo abuse them, in fact, not as if they 'were men, but beasts of burden.' The fact of such large masses of human beings being treated as the slaves were, gives a terrible insight into the moral condition of tho world just before the coming of Christ. It introduced a feeling of contempt for human nature itself, and for human life. Where superstition and cruelty and debauchery reign, man soon comes to look upon man as ' a mere instrument of pleasure or excitement. Sights of human carnage became the normal raving ''of tho masses of the people, and of the most refined and cultured classes. What at first was but a corruption of the original sacrifice of Noe — the offering of human victims to appease the manes of the dead — grew into great public spectacles of men and men and men and animals. Large public buildings were erected especially to give freedom for fight ing nd fov seeing the fight; and the sight of men murdering each other became a national pastime amongst the ancients. The Colosseum was built to hold 80,000 people ; and just as in the middle ages the lovers of intellectual fight travelled from city to city to display their dialectical skill, so in these Roman days did the gladiators wander from one Roman town to another, hiring themselves out to fight, to kill or be killed, in -the, provincial amphitheatre. I need not suggest the consequonces of such practices as these. This gambling with human life, this diabolical excitement, as,lhc strong man in full vigour of intense, life, threw hinibeli upon another strong, as himself, and wrestled in the death struggle — as, the wild beast darted out of his underground and dark confinement into tho glare of thousands of eyes, and then made his spring upon the youth waiting to receive him with his silver spear — created a morbid cry for blood in tho human heart ; and, compared with this species of excitement, every other form of pleasure or emotion fell comparatively tame and dull. , With slaves swarming 'in the, household; and 'gladiators swarming in the arena — with private and public life poisoned with tyranny, cruelty, and debauchery, we have' not so far to go to understand the various forms of corruption which sprang out of these. Tho very theatres themselves had to keep pace with this craving for excitement.' '.And everything seems to have been done to foster the cruelty of tho animal in man. Seneca himself says, ''There is nothing so de structive of morality as 'being a spectator at the plays,t where vice insinuates itself' the easier under the veil, of pleasure; and I return from thence,' ho says, 'all the greedier and more amb'itious, more sensual, more savage and inhu man, because I have been amongst men.' He then speaks of his having walked out at midday and fell upon a combat of gladiators, butchering each other with their armour off. 'The morn ing's amusement,' he continues, 'is exposing men to lions and bears, and again at midday to their spectators. Tho only end for all engaged can be but death ; they go to work with fire and sword, and there is no respite till the arena is empty of combatants.' I need not say more of the cruelty and con tempt of human life evinced by tho pagan world. I need not refer to~ the com mon practice of' exposing children to star vation and to death, nor dwell upon the hard-heartedness and cruelty of the rich towards the poor. I will not, I dare not, enter into the revolting subject of corruption, and immorality, of the degradation and vices, of women as well, as men. I need not refer to the frequency of suicide,' nor to the deep and overwhelming nature of the corruption which spread itself from Rome throughout the Roman Empire, and into every portion of tho political and social system of tho ancient world. , ' , .. Enough has 'assuredly been said to point out the one great fact unrecognized by those who required to recognize it most, namely, that noth ing but failure 'is tho .result of man selling up hinbelf as the supreme ruler of his own destiny. It is not as if this had shown itself to be so here and there, and now and then, but it has- been displayed on the' broad 'platform of history, and during ages of ^the world's most energetic history —in 'times the most' flourishing, as far as con quest and 'dominion' are concerned, as well as in imps the most'* depressed ; when Greece was in ler intellectual prime she was in her greatest depravity; and those thinkers and philosopher who held tho highest theories, and soared from time to time in the highest atmosphere- of thought, were in 'their actions' very; often as debased as those they most despised. I will leave you, tny lord, ladies, and gentle icn to imagine* the state of things when man was worshipping, as his- highest divinities, the imipersonations^ofj his own wickedness, and per petuating and. confirming- in his nature tho elements of degradation by tho very 'worship' which ought to have lifted him, above himself. I need not refer to the effects of this upon' him- self . Pride and passion, when they are not under the control of reason, and when reason is not under the control of God, produce anarchy and confusion in the heart and soul of man. Ho has lost the end for which ho has been made. The light of his eyes is out. He is a wanderer who has lost his way in the wilderness, or rather one who has so far lost himself as not to know whether he be lost or not. He consequently takes up his lot on earth as the sphere of his action and activity ; the present is his and ho must make the most of it. To live and squeeze the most happiness out of life is the great aim in life. Each man for himself, and let each get all he can. ' Let us crown ourselves with roses, for to morrow we die.' 'Let us push on one side those in otir way, and trample on all obstacles to gain our end, for life is short, and when over, all is over.' Thus the savage instincts become abnormally developed and man approaches the condition of the brute. And as man is corrupted so is tho society in which he lives. Ho is enslaved to his passions and greeds, and he is also enslaved to the State. His rulers look on him as a mere machine or a stone in the political edifice. He is made for the State ; not the State made for him. He has no rights but those of serving, and of being thankful to be allowed to serve. His life is held in little account. And lie has to livo and die seeking after a happiness and freedom which he never finds. Mind, 1 am not speaking of the ? select few of the exceptional minds, and of the rich and -ruling class, but of tho masses of my fellow-men, who lived and suffered and struggled in their millions in those days of dark ness and blindness of spirit, - in those days of craving of heart, and blighting of the highest and purest forms of love. It was time that some life and solace and redemption should come to the groaning world, and- that that dark night of paganism should give way to tho restatement of the ancient truth, and the re-establishing of the great principle of faith and morality and sacri fice. Let us calmly look upon the great revolution that was effected in the condition of mankind by Uie coming of the Son of God upon the earth. Wo have far more arguments for His Divinity than those had who were merely witnesses of His life, and were living so close upon His resurrec tion. Wo possess tho testimony of 1800 years and more, which the pages of history give, with a clear and decisive voico, regarding the effects of Hib teaching and the influence of Hispowor. But let us begin from the beginning. We have little to fear from Teutonic science in the vast argu ment wo possess for the divine mission of Jebus Christ. His religion and philosophy have sur vived every phase of error and every strange philosophy ; and His hold upon tho masses of mankind has surpassed anything ever dreamt of by the imagination of any simple man. 1 There arc four great corner-stones to the great temple of oilr belief, each being a support and strength to the other ; and each and all forming so strong an argument for tho divine mission of our Saviour that, if fairly grasped by the mind, they become irresistible. I am not here going to enter into the intricate and endless questions of Bible criticism, in which many minds find an especial interest. I am going to address 'myself to a wider argument than any founded on such processes as these. The whole world knows that there are two books in existence, one called the Old Testament, tho other called tho New Testament, All admit that the latest portion of the former was written several centuries earlier than the earliest portion, of the second. Now, take the Old Testament as it stands, and then take 'the life of Christ as it is given us by the evangelists, and compare one with tho other compare the prophecy with its fulfilment, and you aviII be forced to admit that the figure is far too life-like to have been fashioned by chance or to have been drawn by accident. Compare the life and actions of Him who is prefigured, and you cannot get your reason to allow that He, as a mere man, could have had the talent, or tho power, to have fulfilled' in so extraordinary a manner the prophecies which had been made of the coming Saviour of the world. As weII might* -you try to imagine that the figure impressed upon the wax and that cut into the die were, by some accidental coincidence counterparts of each other, and repeated curve for curve and. lino for lino through some unaccountable and strange coinci dence. - ' The only people which had preserved the primi tivo revelation in its purity had been entrusted with tlio keeping of this prohetic book. In it wero contained their polity and the annals of their poople. In it they preserved for us those great types of Him who was to come, and those start-, ling pictures of His life and character, of His redemption and passion, of His glorious spiritual r empire which speak to us at thib hour with tho clearness of vision itself of the expectation of all the people of the world. Open that book of books at any page jou like and you will open it with a picture of Clnibt or Christ's A\ork before you- In the psalms, and prophecies, in every part of the liNtor\ ot the chobcn people, the Me 'i.ih appear either as pio tnis'ed, or expected, or announced, ov pictured, and that with uuch vividness and ttith sudi stalling liikhU oi detail ab to pie^ent .1 most accurate and striking representation of ivhaf really happened in the concrete. The succession of empires until His coming; the -t ate ol! the Jewish people and ot' theiv failing jondilion at tho epoch when lie had to appear; ?lie chain of marvellous occurrences Avhich had to n-ecede, accompany, and follow that coming ; Jic place of the Messiah's birth ; the: character )f His Avorks and of His lifo ; the details of His passion, His death, and of His triumph ; the laturo, tho aim, tho fruit of His coming, that is 0 siiy, the union of tho divine and human nature n tho personality of the Word; tho redemption if the world by a great victim ; the Availing for he expectation of the nations Avhich- alone can xplain tlio. sacrificial basis of the religion of every nation ~iri~tlic'wd rid 5 and tho establishment of a xmiversal and militant Church which should conduct to 'the 'Church triumphant — all these things are clearly^ 'spoken of, and Avith such exactness' by the jn'ophcts, that no man who can compare tAVO and tAvo together can fail to seo how* exactly tho die.fits on the figure on the wax. Without Christ/who is the key to the religious history of tho'world, tho Old Testament would be unintelligible. He, is the son of the A\oman Avho Avas to, crush the, serpent's head ; He is tho true ' victim' prefigured by sacrifices from the beginning, tho tr,uo Abel, the type of the innocent brio immolated 6n the altar of sacrifice for the salvation of the' guilty ;' He is the true Isaac carrying the aa'oocI of His OAvn sacrifice, and offered by His father, and receiving life that He might be the joy and glovy of all 'the nations ; ho is the true Joseph sold 'by His' brethren and b'ecoming the Saviour' of those Avho had betrayed Him j He is tho victim of expiation Avhioli carries the sins of the people and of the world ; the high priest according to the 'order of Mclchisedbo^for He alone 'offers Himself to His Eathor a victim of 1oato under the appearance of bread' and wine.' In a word, in Him, and' in Him alone, is realized that striking contrast 'of glory and humiliation J of strength and weakness, of joy and 'Bufferi'rig/ Avhich Isaias and the prophets saw in the visions/ and which refer to the divinity of -'ourr'Lord giving to His passion an infinite merit. ( And hot' only this, but tho vory tiind of His'- comirfglfis' foretold. Jacob himself, the father.' of' 'the twelve tribes of Ibracl, dying, prophesies that* 'the' power should not go from Judah 'until He\wils to come who had been sont, and avIio 'vrds'lo'bo the expectation of the nations. The first stranger' or foreigner avIio reigned iii Judoa was _ Herod J , the Idumean, and in his reign our Lord' appeared.^' Daniel 'counts the years sinco the edict fdilf'the' 'reconstruction of Jerusalem till Christ';1 '.th'ese' years Avcre noAv about to bo accomplished; JudeV avos filled with rumouis and' sayings' about; tho coming of the Saviour, and tho world' b'd-' yond seemed to be infected with thor same' strong presentiment. Cicero, Tacitus, and Virgil,') tho prince of orators, the prince of historians, and the prince of poets, all echoed the same expectant note. Suetonius says, 'Tho wholo East Avns rifo with an old and persisted belief, that at that time persons avIio issued from Judea should possess the empire.''* 'Josophus says tho Joavs stood against the Romans Avith so much' courage, becauso 'tin ^ambiguous oracle, founding their sacred writings, that' tit that date some one ' of them from thai 'country should fulo.' tho Avorld.' Christ' came, and all that 'Daniel* saAV in vision happened in tho order inHvhich he'saw1'1 ^t. CliriBt is 'put to death; His people'. deny/ Him, and cdasc to be his pcoplcr ; tho ancient sacrifices are abolished ; and universal aUiauce is ' made ; Israel1 is dispersed through? tho' Avorld ';' and tho latter empire — tho SpmtualiKirigdb'n\tb'f - Christ — is founded on an humble ibpk, which no'.'1 % power is able to break' to piece's. '* ' 1'-/''71 '' Noav, let mo ask' -you, as reasonable beings, is'!' it possible 'that -all 'these strange .coincidences'' occurred by chance ? Is thero any other reason' u able Avay for accoiintirig for a fulfilled prophecy — fulfilled to tho letter, as this ono is, and in to many minute and startling details — than' by saying \- that the hand of God must bain it ? 'The future and - tho past are, in no man's-hands. Ho alone who inhabits otprnity can thus proparo and picture a f plan of divine action ,- and passion, of universal 0 redemption and enlightenment,- and' then carry ' out into action,every ovent of which Ho foretold.'. I Had Christ'b been an ordinary lif-vandtha«LHoi-.r undertaken an, ordinary - Avork, ? eomeono migllt'U* have imagined it, or -He might have ,actedi in '?, accordance with a common picture ; but a life ofj: which every stop is divine, every action a miracle.', and every OA'cnt unforebcen, ' no man; could pre-w conceive and draw ; nor could,' if ho had.1 drawn -., 1 ib, imitate it. To do what Christ did requires1'! tho power of God ; and to imagine' Avhat Christ ? did do before he did it, requires a special inspira- ' tion. , , ,? ; Turn noAv to another comparison.* !Let us 'com- ' pare the remaining tAvo of these four corner-stones and thus add cumulation of proof to the divinity ^ of our Redeemer. Open the 'New Testament, ? peruso its pages, study the principlos taught thero ' . by the 'Redeemer, Aveigh His promises, .meditate ?' on and. grasp His claims,- and the attributes of -_* divinity that He is ever identifying with Himself, - - - compare them with their realization' in .-the -' Church, and you wilh find another coincidence '? ? equally startling with that which has already [been /1 1 dwelt upon. i ,? - . j -- -r' - To leave on ono side for a moment.His' personal ' - claims to divinity,' simply study His system, and ? the means,. Ho made use of to establish a world- , *j - , Avido empire, not merely over tho actions of men'; . but over that which is not jealously. iguarded by-' ' them'from all aggression, over their consciences, ' and you Avill at once feel yourselves to be in tho - midst' of methods and principles which aro be yond tho power of this Avorld. We havo s-eon liow the priests of old dwindled down into mere slayers oi sheep and oxen ; Iioav the most refined und dcop-thmkiiig philosophers did not oaou dream oi exerting any influence e\\- ept upon the chosen few, the rich and idle ol tlio w 01 Id. Here, on the oontian, A\\.n a man, tht -on of a poor limn, but beli on foot a chime so e\tui Drdiuaiy, so lilLle hLeh (0 -neeied, that il il had not biiceeoded, mon would h.iu mo^t teilainly leelued that ll\^ weu1 Hi' 1 nin^; ol a madman, lie did not choose tho philosopher to assist Him n founding- .His kingdom, but twelve poor mon ike Jliin^elf. One was a smith, and made ilovudis and cut l-le-yokest, I'miv were fishermen, me ;i tax-collector, two were husbandmen,- one i- coachman, another a gardener. These mon IT is deliberately' chose, lie ; told them Ho 'was jod. Ho gave them such orders as trod alone ivould or could givo ;, :IIe promised them powers ivhiclr none, .without- -betraying madness, coald rfl'cp to a rational creature. He tells them to ' each all nations. to baptjse them in tho Name of Father, Soiij and- Spirit ; and declares that He ,vill bo Avith' them to tho. end of time. These JAvelve poor men are charged Avith the mission i»i! revoUltiomsmg the interior heart -and soul of 4 ? A tuau, and of sotting up a 'polity, or spiritual ? .oinpiro, which should embrace all space, and ? enduro to the end of time — an empire which .should teach an infallible and distinct and \- ? ? authoritative creed, which should lay down the moral law of life, and perpetuate a sacrifice of which all those that went before . were but the shadows and the types. When wo compare this world-embracing view with those of the moat ambitions philosophers of old, how they dwarf and sink into insignificance ; :Plato and Socrates, and Pythagoras — wo see at \- ? once that they are men, clover, cultivated, intel lectual men, philosophers, yes ; but still men, 'without a, temptation to think otherwise of them ; but when wo look on Jenny Christ and ' Ilia philosophy, on JJim and Ilia scheme for the ? regeneration of the world, we feel ourselves in another atmosphere, amidst deeds and views which startle and overawe us, and make us pause and declare that never did man speak a3 this man speaks. , See Him in the midst of His disciples, and sending them forth to the ends of the earth, 'without scrip or pur-ie, to establish Hio universal empire in the midst of all the ingrained tradi tions of thousands of years of corruption and decay ; in the midst, of the millions of temples and the priests who live by serving them ; in the midst of philosophers, and statesmen, and em perors, and kings, they fear not ; a divine power is within them ; they feel that human strength is not to do the work ; though the aheop were sent amongst wolves, the sheep conquered ; those who worn ready to suffer persecution wero to be the victims ; the meek were to possess tho land, and the fisherman was to reign ovor a more mighty' empire than that governed by the great est of the Ctcsars. And the Master knew that the Son of God alone could bring about so stupendous a miracle as this. He alone could convince man of sin and teach him how to rise towards the heavenly country. He gave His envoys the power of His own spirit for the forgiveness of sin. After communicating to them the Divine power to teach, He then communicated to them the power ' to forgive the penitent sinner. West, He threw a ilood of light upon the million- of sacrifices which had been offered since the world began. He Himself became the priest and tho victim ; lie offered Himself a propitiation for tho sin of the world on tho Altar of the Cross, and fulfilled, in the institution of the Sacrement of the Last ; Supper, the prophecy which cays, that from the . rising of the sun to the setting a clean oblation would, be offered to the Father throughout the world. He declared Himself to be the living bread that came down from heaven ; and that the bread which He could give would be His flesh for the life of the world. Ho solemnly declared, on the most solemn occasion, that His flesh was -. ? meat indeed and His blood drink indeed ; and established that unbloody sacrifice of His body \- - : : and blood under the form of bread and wine, which were to be offered throughout the world until the end of time. This one sacrifice was to Blay and expunge all others ; the priests of the old pagan time were to flit away like ghosts and unclean things that fear the light ; the temples were to be closed and to fall into decay ; and the very philosphers were to leave their chairs and abandon their teaching to humble themselves like little children under the mighty hand of God. Moreover, this power, which was to regenerate to the hearts centre core the race of man, which was to teach a distinct and certain creed with a divine certainty of truth, which was to propound a heavenly morality, which was to pour the spirit of life into the spirit of man, and to par don him his trangressions ; this power, which was to set on foot a sacrifice which was to be the annihilation of every form of past idolatry was to bind the keystone of its unity in a fixed and certain centre. As His empire had to confront the world, and stand in opposition to all its force and all its fierceness, He saw it was neces sary, if it were to maintain its hold and exert a world-wide influence, to determine with umnis t takable clearness the seat of the Imperial power. ? This He did in those words which have within them the whole force of the revolution he ac * complished when He said : ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock 1 will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. I give to thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; and whatever you shall bind upon earth it shall be bound also in heaven ; and whatever you shall loose upon earth shall be loosed also in heaven.' Hero is that Empire's Centre to which Daniel refers when he says, Non prcevalebunt adversus eumj — They shall not prevail against him. Now, allow me to ask whether or not He was a madman or a God who propounded such doctrines as these ? Humanly speaking, would it .' ' be within the range of possibilities for such astounding promises as these to have any kind of fulfilment ? Is not the whole case of Christ's religion a thing so absolutely new and startling that there is nothing that can be compared with it? Had His teaching been in the direction of the passions, He might, like tho priests of old, have had a following. Had He encouraged or flattered pride, then tho philosophers might have borne _ with Him. But you know, from your own experience, better than. I can tell you, what His doctrine, and morality, and His teaching is. To those to whom ''' ' Ho and His Apostles spoke, it was altogether an .; absolute novelty. 'We are by use accustomed to '' it. To them it wag a revelation of the most portentous kind. Wow, for tho first time, the I ' nations would have a distinct and certain creed, '. a clear and definite morality, a sacrifice the most touching and divino. And not only was His doctrine a revelation to them ; He Himself was the most startling revelation of all. Ho called r. Himself a God ; He proclaimed what His mission was ; He proved His power by miracles, one more extraordinary than another ; He attracted men to Himself by a kind of divine magnetic attraction; ]' ? He died for man's salvation ; and to prove, with ,. . ? out any possibility of doubt, His power ovor nature — he absolutely lifted His dead body living and glorious from the tomb. Those twelve poor men whom lie sent forth in the 'power of the spirit, not only felt courage on account of the gift within them, but also because they knew in whom they believed. They had seen enough of Christ and His works to know that He must be God ; they boldly took their stand upon the one great test of all—upon tho Resurrection. This was their great argument. They might, to be sure, appeal to His curing the leper, allay ing the storm, raising Lazarus — but the one great fact to which they appealed, and which no one could at that day deny, was that after that man had been dead and buried three days, in the midst of the Roman guard?, from underneath the heavy stone, 71c gathered His power together throw (.he heavy stone on one side, as it' it were but a winding-sheet, and gloriously lifted Him self, throbbing with life, up into the upper air. I am not going into the proofs of this at present. Time does not permit. All I will say is that in the whole history of facts, there is not one fact to be found which has converging upon it so many direct and indirect proof? of its undoubted truth. He who, after weighing the evidence for the. resurrection, can doubt or disbelieve it', is incapable of believing anything tlnvugh the force of human evidence. It is plainly evident from what, has been said, thai. Christ's claims upon mankind are absolutely different in kind from those of any other teacher. His idea of universal empire over conscience is altogether new. His method is wholly original, and the very reverse of what would, according to human wisdom, ensure success. His personal claims to divinity ; His promises to His followers ; His own exraordinary actions ; and then His lifting Himself h'om the dead, after having allowed Himself of His own free will to be slain for the sins of the world, speaks to the intellect of the thinking man of a range of thought and a class of action that cannot be associated with the ordinary events of human life. And more than this ; He camly and delibe rately did that which while it proved Him to have been Divine, would have shown any ordinary philosopher to have been ridiculous. Ho held Himself out as the Model of Mankind. He did what no wise man before Him ever dared to do. He explained to His disciples, indeed to the whole world : ' Follow Me,' ' Learn of me,' ' I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life.' He spoke with conscious power. He did not declare Himself to bo that which He was not. He knew for very truth that he was the Model of all that '! is glorious ; all that is perfect in humanity. He knew that He and He alone coidd represent in - His own person that perfect type which' all philosophers had searched for, but had searched for in vain. He knew that no man could look upon Him, or scrutinise His life or actions, without discovering in them a depth, a sublimity, a moral beauty, which spoke of the divinity within. He held Himself out to tho world, and unveiled Himself '. as it were before it, that it should see and judge for itself as to His personal claim to be the Son of God made man ; and as if wishing to bo tested, and proved, and tried as never man before was, He allowed Himself to be born poor, to be i despised and thought lit lie of, and then to be put to the fierce ordeal of His agony in the garden, i and His bitter passion and death upon the cross, s Through all He bore Himself with all the divine i virtue, strength, and perfection which are the ' practical exhibition of His teaching. 'What He ( taught that He ? did. He was a most perfect f exponent of His own code of perfection ; and 1 His whole life on earth is an illustration in the s most perfect manner of His impressive sermon on the Mount. Again, He claimed another : attribute which no man had ever dared or dreamed of claiming for himself — that of teach- : ing the infallible, unadulterated truth, and of imparting to men powers and graces which none i but a Grod could have possessed. He declared ' Himself to be that which He really was. He - was God's truth, and He could speak no i lie, and He came especially, not to dream dreams and excogitate philosophies, but to ? deliver that which He possessed in all its fulness, the absolute creed of salvation, the 1 untarnished and undimmed morality of heaven, i and the clear and certain way to everlasting life, i He told men what they really were ; He pointed - out the flaw in them ; He showed them they : wanted healing ; that they were naked, and blind, i and lame, and sick night unto death ; He con- I vineed the world of a thing of which it had never : been convinced before — He convinced it of sin. - And having shown it its malady, having- proved ] to it that it was diseased, Ho, of His divine \ power, created the heavenly oil and wine which 1 were to regenerate mankind. Thus He was not - merely a fountain of truth, but a fountain I of living, healing waters which were to be 1 applied to the soids of men. All ages were '. to look on Him and His cross if they would be 1 sa.vod. He who would learn the law of life must 1 take it from His mouth ; he who would be healed - of his diseases and made whole must drink of tho . blood and water flowing from His side, must i indeed do more than this — must eat tho flesh - and drink the very blood of that great Model \ and Teacher, into whose image all mankind had ; to be moulded. Thus He created a new life and i centre of life. The world at last had a voice it - could listen to with confidence and security, a ?- fountain it could go to, a table it could eat off to t strengthen it in its pilgrimago and assist it along 1 to heaven. Nor oven is this all. Still more ] marvellous is His action upon mankind when Ho - held Himself out as tho great victim and sacri- - flee, and as the one groat object of lovo which - was to draw all things vmto Himself. What i mere man could have attempted to teach such a \ doctrine as this without being scouted by tho ^ world or pitied as a monomanaic ? Had such a i man made such an attempt, who would have been I affected by it, except to pity him ; who woidd j have remembered it, except to smile ? And yot ; Christ made this claim, and made ifc boldly ; i indeed he made it a sine qua non- of discipleship 1 with Him. Father and mother, and wife, and i lands, and all are to be placed second to Him. - He must be loved first and best, or He will have no love at all. As Ho claimed all man's intellect. bo Ho claimed all his heart. And the secret of His miraculous success in revolutionising- the con sciences of men proceeds from his intense thoroughness, and in the way in which He makes His absolute claim, and enforces it by acts and graces of which a God alone could have been the author. One of the largest minds that evei energised on earth— a mind filled with the desire of human glory— and first in the line of men who have achieved immense successes, one who knew how to take the measure of human deeds — I allude to the first Napoleon— expressed himsc-lf to this effect : - ' I have been accustomed to put before me the examplos of Alexander and Ciesar, with the hope of rivalling their exploits, and living in the mind of men for ever. Yet, after all, in what sense does C'tesar, in what sense does Alexander, live ? Who knows or cares anything about them ? At best, nothing but their riam.es is known ; for who among the multitude of men who hear or who ut lei- their names really knows anything about tlic-ir iiv-\s or their deeds, or atlar'he.-i to those names any definite idea ? Nay, even their names do but Hit up and clown the world like ghosts, mentioned only on particular occasions, or from accidental .associations. Their chief home is (lie schoolroom ; they hare a foremost place in boys' grammars and exercise books ; they are splendid examples for themes ; they form writing copies. So low is heroic Alexander fallen ; so low is imperial Csssar— ' Ut pueris placeant et declamatio fiant.' ' But, on the contrary, there is just One Name in the whole world that lives ; it is the name of One who passed His years in obscurity, and who died a malefactor's death. Eighteen hundred years have gone since that time, but still it has its hold upon the human mind. It has possessed the world, and it maintains possession. Amid the most varied nations, under the most deversified eiivumstancer', in the most cultivated, in the rudest races and intellects, in all classes of society (ho Owner of that great Name reigns. High and low, rich and poor, acknowledge Him. Mil lions of souls are conversing with Him, are ven turing on His word, are looking for His presence. Palaces, sumptuous, innumerable, are raised to His honour. His image, as in the hour of His deepest humiliation, is triumphantly displayed in the proud city, in the open country, in the cor ners of the streets, on the tops of mountains. It sanctifies the ancestral hall, the closet, and hhe bed-chamber. It is the subject for the excr eise of the highest genius in the imitative arts. It is worn next the heart in life ; it is held be fore the failing eyes in death. Here, then, is one who is not a mere name, who is not a mere fiction, who is a reality. He is dead and gone, but sfill He lives — lives as the living, energetic thought oi successive generations, as the awful motive power of a thousand great events. He has done without effort what others with life long struggles have not done. Can He be Ies3 than Divine ? Who is He but the Creator Him self, who is sovereign over His own works, to wards whom our eyes and hearts turn instinc tively, because he is our Father and our God ? ' Even the most scoffing of modern infidels — I allude to the impious Renan — is forced, after studying the life of Jesus, to exclaim that the influence of the intensity of Christ's nature, '?' even at this day and hour, directs the destinies af humanity.'' 'During thousands and thou sands of years,' he continues, speaking as it were to tho Saviour — ' during thousands and thou sound of years the world shall wish to seek out for Thee the Exemplar according to which it shall wish to model its life, which is troubled by our contradictions. Thou shalt be the stand ard round which shall be fought the fiercest of battles ; living a thousand times more and loved a thousand times more after Thy death than during Thy passage on earth. Thou shalt be come the corner-stone of humanity to such a degree that to take away Thy Name out of the world would be in truth to shake the world to its very foundations.' Think for a moment of the world-wide revolu tion produced by the action of this Saviour upon bhe world. I do not here speak of His direct action on religious questions, so much as His influence on the social and political liberty-of the human race. His most stupendous work was that of setting men free. St. Paul speaks of bhe freedom with which Christ hath ' set men free. And how was this freedom pro luced by the action of the Son of God ? It was produced by the fact that He gave certainty of truth, which could not be gainsaid, and de termined once for all, the relations of Creator and creature, and the position in which man stands to man, and man to woman. The deification of the most abandoned of mankind, that is, of Roman Emperors, closed for ever when that true iing appeared and proved His claims to the homage of tho world. The worship which men drew on themselves then was turned to Him. And His law of liberty was the protection of man's faith and morality, of man's enlightened conscience against the tyranny of the strong and the despotism of a ruler with no limits to his authority except his own caprice. Having given utterance to His law of life, and having laid down the infallible truths of belief, and morals, worship for the guidance of the human race, He thereby erected a stronghold against the over bearing oppression of strong and unscrupulous men, whether they acted singly or by majorities ; whether they exerted their power as a demo cracy, or despotism, or a monarchy. The Saviour of man did not teach a tentative doctrine. What Christ handed down, Peter preserved ; and as Peter and millions after him have freely witnessed with their blood to tho truths which they professed; 30 they preserved to those who came after them that freedom whorewith Christ had mado man free. There was nothing to restrain tho Roman Emperors from entering the domain of con science and religion ; no position of soul or body was so sacred that they could not penetrate there, and assert their power. They claimed to direct tho laws of worship, of belief, of sacrifice, of religion in all its bearings, and as Terrasson say, 'All power — religious, political, legislative, and civil — in a word, omnipotence in all things— the people and the senate transferred to Cæsar when the republic passed into tho empire.' Thus the most complete system of tyranny was set up which the world had ever seen ; and it required, humanly speaking, the power of one greater man to break the chains and set men free. Christ having set up His Spiritual Empire, and, having proved His claim to the allegiance of the world, Ho at once became the guarantee of man's liberty, and the protector of his con science. Caesar can do many things; but he cannot,, he may not invade the' Spiritual Empire of the King of Heaven. In the citadel of faith, and morals, and conscience, and worship he must not interfere. Christ has come not only to give me a certain creed, but to protect me in the exercise of my belief. He has hot merely appeared on earth and become niy model, but He protects me in the exercise of fliat morality which is divine He not only came to stir up true life in my conscience and to direct it in its action and foster it in its in atinerp after good, but to secure to me its freedom so that no man may tyrannise over me, or try to force me to do that, or to believe that, or worship that which I know from God's ? teaching, I should not believe, or do, or worship. More than this : knowing how great would be the confusion if the two powers, the civil and the spiritual, had no method of deciding their mutual claims, the king of the spiritual empire spoke His word with no uncertain sound, and perpetuated the unerring teaching of His price less revelation. As He, tho Christ, could not err, or teach error, so every Cresar had to obey Him and to submit to His decisions; so with Peter and those who succeeded to the leadership in the spiritual empire which the Christ estab lished. Peter protects me, and teaches me, and makes me feel safe against it, meaning all the world. I know in whom I believe. He cannot lead astray. He cannot, blunder in the defi nition of His power, anymore than in the defi nition of His faith'. If' all the world go astray, He cannot ; if there is confusion in politics, and errors^ in statecraft, and aberrations in tho councils of the mighty of this world, there is ono consolation left — that Peter is divinely pre served and protected and that his 'utter- ances for the government of his empire are under the guidance of the Most High. This, then, is one of the mightiest of the revelations in the political order produced by the coming of Christ. No man can claim our conscience as Ms property, and no king or potentate of this earth can interfere with my creed or tamper with my moral code received from the mouth of the Saviour of the world. I need not refer you to the effects of this revolu tion produced by the teaching of our Master. You can trace it down the ages to the present hour. It ha3 been bought with a great- price — that of the life and the death of God— and it has been maintained during many a bloody period ; but still it; is an admitted principle, and, far from diminishing, it is daily growing in its power. In the heart of all carnal rulers there is the greed of power. Ccesar tyrannised because it is in the nature of unregenerate men to domi neer. From the day our Saviour gave the death blow to the principle of despotism, depotism has been in one form or another in this age or time struggling for the mastery. I need not appeal to what Catholics have suffered for con science sake in Ireland and England and Poland and Italy and Germany. I need not ask the various Non- Comformist bodies in the three kingdoms to turn over tho pages of their fathers' struggles ; we know it too well. Caesar has had to be resisted, and oftentimes resisted with chains and blood and confiscation and death. Still the principle maintains. Every day it grows in power. Every day the State recognizes more and more what its duties are, and the limits of them. And every day the people feel a stronger and stronger determination to allow no man to come between them and God. Even the infidel, in the solitude of his own heart, claims the same exemption. He would shrink with horror and contempt from any zealous power which would dare to dictate to him his religious, or irreligious creed. Every man's conscience is his castle, and no armed hand, however long, or however powerful, is allowed to thrust itself into that sacred and hallowed place of liberty. And what is the result of this position and inde pendence which Christ has gained for the religious principle ? The result is this, that the civil power itself gains power and increased stability. Christ not merely gives men freedom, but He also places upon them necessary restraints. All i power is from God. The civil power is power i and not tyranny, because it comes from \ Him. He blesses it. Ho protects it. He ; gives it His sanction ; and His creed and morality i are the two strong pillars of its maintenance, and ? j the bases of its support. To run counter to the I civil power, or to disobey its just laws, is a sin j against the- morality of the School of Christ ; and j obedience, and reverence, and honour are a duty j of conscience towards kings and rulers just as - worship and thanksgiving are duties which wo I owe to God. Thus the civil and spiritual powers knowing their limits and their ends are mutually ?useful and support one the other. The former controls the external man and orders him towards civil and social well-being ; tho other rules his spiritual nature and controls and directs the con- science and the will. Christ and God are one ; Cæsar is another. The incarnation has not only taught men to render to Crosar the things that are Cresar's, and to God the things that are God's, but also it has taught what tilings are Cesar's and what tlringo are God's, no that there should bo full knowledge and a clear understanding in tho rendering. How this principle has boon at tho root of tho most valuable form of human liberty and thinking man can see ; and how this principio is based upon absolute cer tainty in tho order oi' faith and morals, and on the divino guidance, so fav us wo are concerned, ! it ie not diiiicnlt to prove. Talce livrey centamty j_ I '/. ? ? :' ; ; ''???' I ? . ?'.?'??'?; 9 from religion, and the despotism of Otesav asserts itself anew. What Christ has done for the freedom of man in the political order Ho has also done in the Bocial. When the tyranny of Cicsar has given place to the Mastership oi; God and Christ, and the State ceases to have power without any limitation, then the individual also shakes off the chains of slavery, and men find that they are brothers. Never in the whole history of pagan ism had there been this universal brotherhood. Even the philosophic theories of , it, whirl i weiv mere miserable imitation' of the Christian teach- ing, never went beyond' the .:.-..»(. i ? ??.'.was left for Christ to create this great and might unity. It is based upon the Fatherhood of God, on which He so much insisted,- and on His universal re demption. God Almighty is the Father of all, and Christ excluded none from His plentiful ' redemption. This great truth revolutionized the relation of man to man. And when those other truths, are considered which are intimately bound up with these, then we see the whole force of , the, change worked by our Redeemer in the social relationship of men all over the earth — how- one common Father, one loving Redeemer and Model Teacher, possessing an im mortal soul, and a responsibility which could be transferred to no other man began to feel respect for himself and then respect and love towards his neighbour. The doctrine of loving our neighbour as one's self created as great a change as that of preferring to obey God rather than man. .Each creature felt that lie had a destiny before him of an everlasting life ; that, He was the object of the; deepest and tendercst love ; that there was an eye. ever upon him, and a Master,: who, having bought him with a great price, valued him and desired his eternal happi ness with a profound and genuine desire. Each feeling this- of himself felt it also in the case of his fellow- men. 'Rich and poor, bond and free, all were the children of one Hea .' ^Father, and redeemed equally by the same blood-spilling of His Eternal Sou. And, besides this sympathy based upon a common calling and the love of a common parent, men were absolutely commanded to love each other.. It was the great test of sincerity in the school of Christ. Not merely blood relations, or the rich, or the mighty, or the learned, but the poor, the fallen, the outcast, the sinner, the most abandoned, all were under the common law of love, and each man had to do to another as he would have that others do by him. From this many most blessed consequences fol lowed. The greatest curse the world has ever endured, that of slavery, received its death-blows through the action of this principle, A slave ceased to be a mere brute animal, or beast of burden. He possessed an immortal soul, he was redeemed by Christ's blood, he was taught to call God his Father ; his soul had to be kept clean from the stain of sin, and his body pure from all taint of evil. He had heaven's gate open to him as much as to his master ; and in the next world, if he had lived a better life, he might hold a more glorious place than him he served. Thus lie found protection and gentleness where before he was treated as a beast of burden, without feeling or sensibility. His master would look upon hini as a trust given by Christ. And the Church herself would protect him against the passions or the ill-usage of the tyrant. It is but natural that this change should result in slaves often ;'' .being set at liberty, and finally, in slavery being abolished altogether. Where the Sphool of Christ was unable to free the slave it mitigated the severity oi' his treatment, and when the time ? ' arrived the action of that, school rendered all men equal. What was the consequence of this elevation of the slave's moral character ; and this opening of a brighter destiny before ' his eyes ? It totally changed the character of the slave. Before the school of Christ taught this philosophy to be a slave was almost synonymous with being a reprobate, lost to all sense of shame and indulging in every vice. The tyranny and degradation had stamped out their moral life, and being treated as brutes slaves be came little better than brutes. Under the rule of Christ their vory position of subjection and the very trials they had to undergo were powerful instruments of their perfection. In Christ they had a model of all the virtues they most required, and they knew that when this trial-time is over them they would bo free indeed. Patience, and meekness, and obedience, and silence, and long suffering — all these virtues of Christ's passion ' ; they were well practised in. And what was the ? result? They made the stoutest confessors and the most ready martyrs. Thousands of them ' .embraced the cross and spilt their blood joyfully ; ? for Christ's dear sake. Elandiva, and Potamirana, ' and Entyches, and Victorinus, and Nereus, and ; ? thousands more proved to the world that slavery, ' when the principles of Christ's philosophy is in the slave, does not degrade him, but givo3 him ' heroic opportunities for exercising the noblest and : most difficult forms of virtue. Potamiama for instance, being sentenced to be submerged in boiling pitch, when they were about to strip her of her clothes esclaimed to her -persecutors : ' I beg of you for our Lord's sake to let me be let down into it slowly with my clothes on, and you shall see with what patience I am gifted by my Master, who redeemed me !' She was let down inch by ineh, and endured a martyrdom of three hours, till the boiling liquid ' reached her neck, and she gave forth her pure spirit to her Lord. She had been a slave, and learnt heroism in the School of Christ, ancl under the mastership of St. Peter. Take another most stiking example : — Afra had been devoted by her mother in the worship of Venus, which consisted in the utmost moral degradation. She was a native of Cyprus. She was converted v/ith all L.t household by Bishop Narcissus, and was arrested and brought before Gaius the judge. After a long nud per sistent attempt on the part of the judge to prove to her that Christ would not love her, on account of her past life, and on her referring him to Magdalene and the penitent thief, oho vra sentenced to bo burnt alive, The executioners seized her and carried her into an island on the river Teche, upon which Augsburg now stands, There they stripped her and tied her to a stake. She lifted up her eyes and prayed with tears, saying: 'O Lord Jesus Christ, Almighty God, who earnest to call not the just, but sinners to repentance, and hast promised in Thy mercy that at whatsoever hour the sinner is converted, rhou wilt not remember his sins : accept in this hour the penance of my sufferings, and by this ? enipoiiil lire which consumes my body, deliver me from the eternal fire which torments: both soul and body.' Whilst the executioners were'. heaping a pile of vine branches: about her,- and; setting fire to them, she said : ' I return . Theei thanks, O Lord Jesus Christ, for the honour Thou, hast done me in receiving: me :a/ holocaust for..: Thy name's sake ; Thou, .who liaBt'vouohsafed to: offer Thyself upon the altaivoftheicrosaj a'.sacrir fice for the sins of the whole -worlds the -Just/for, the unjust and for sinners;- L' off ei\myself'a\victim; to Thee, O my God,fwho,iliyest' anc'Ureignest:;-with the Father and the Holy .Ghost, world with ioiit : end.' Having spoken these -.words:. -she. expired,, suffocated by the smoke. ; :Tluukialso of Felicitas, Perpetua, Agatha, Lucy, Agnes, ;Ca2cilia,and-Ana-: stasia, and a host of, other holy women who ex hibit in their testing-time the -whole courage of the. cross, and you will gain some kind of -idea of ;the transforming power: of ,the Christian^ principle when brought to bear upon tender women and' shrinking slave-girls.- Slaves, having ithus . been J educated, and 4lif ted/ above their slavery; soon became ..objects of Joviiig generosity on the part of those men .and.;: women' who had learnt' ; ;the; ; philosophy, ,.ot -'Christ. :, Thousands of them, were .''emancipated! through' the action of -Christian revelation.; t;The, Bishops of the Church; Swere : f oreinost ;iu ,.this work of highest mercy. ;.Somei spe'nti all they had, iand sold the Church plate, in -order' to liberate jthe slave. Some went into slavery themselves, to set' their neighbour free ; =whilst;St;:Peter of Nola'sco, like St. John of ;Matha- before: him,:- founded; especial orders for the express purpose of liberat-. ; ing captives.- Besides the law of .-liberty^ which Christ intro duced into the ; civil-, and the social; order; He, moreover, introduced r, another element : into, human life, : -and . that is, compassion for -the sufferings of the body as well as a deep sense of its holiness. The body of man -was .regarded as part of. man, as a main instrument .for gaining ; heaven with, and as the -temple of the,:Holy; Ghost. Our Lord, all through His ministry :dis-: plays nothing more conspicuously than /His; com-;' passion for human physical suffering. Curing :dis- - eases is one of His especial offices, if we may judge from what he did. Tho leper, the blind, the halt, the paralytic, the deaf, the dumb, even. the dead,1 He gave them all strength and life. His divine compassion seems to have been at once touched by scenes of suffering or of sorrow. He did not propose to kill off the weak and the helpless, as the ancients did not scruple to do for the sake of the State. Ho rather took the opposite view. He interested Himself in them especially, be cause they wanted help ; and has taught to all His followers the heavenly virtue of com passion, and tenderness, and love for all who are in need of any solace. Wherever a human form was, whether of an helpless infant, or of a Lazarus covered with sores, or a man struck down by robbers, He would lift it up, and pour in the oil and wine of His compassion, and restore the ebbing life, and bring back strength and vigour to the frame. Human life, had a new value put upon it, and thousands upon thousands became Christian men and women who otherwise would have died, or rather been murdered, before they had a chance of coming to the use of reason. This feeling of tenderness and compassion extended even to dumb animals. They were regarded as God's gifts and His creation; to be looked upon as from Him, and to be treated with gentleness and almost with reverence. The compassion of Christ seems to have flowed over the earth, and the force of His spirit to have mitigated the innate ferocity of unregenerate man. Allow me to quote the address of St. Francis of Assisium to the creation of God in nature, and you will at: once see the marvellous contrast between the spirit of pngan cruelty and the tenderness and love of a truly Christian heart :— ' 0 Most High Almighty, good Lord God,' he says, ' to Thee belong praise, glory, honour, and all blessing. Praised be my Lord God, with all His creatures, and especially our brother, tho sun, who brings us the day, and who brings us the light ; fair is he, and shining with a very great splendour ; O Lord, he signifies to us Thee. ' Praised be my Lord for our sihter the moon, and for the stars, the which He lias set clear and lovely in the heavens. ' Praised be my Lord for our brother the wind, and for air ard clouds, calm, and all weather, by the which Thou upholdest in life all creatures. ' Praised be my Lord for our sister the water, who is very serviceable unto us, and humble, and precious and clean. ' Praised be my Lord for our brother the fire, through whom Thou givest us light in darkness, and he is bright and pleasant, and very mighty and strong. ' Praised be my Lord for our mother the earth, which doth sustain us and keep us and bringeth forth clivers fruits, and flowers, of marr colours and grass. ' Praised be my Lord for all those who pardon one ] another for His love's sako, and who endure weakness and tribulation ; blessed are they who peaceably shall endure, for thou, O Most highest, shall, give them a crown. ' Praised be my Lord for our pistor the death of the body, from whom no man can escape. Woe to him who dieth in mortal sin. Blessed are they who are found walking by Thy most holy will, for the second death shall have no power to do them harm. ' Praise ye, and bless ye the Lord, and give thanks to him, and serve Him with great humility.' Besides liberty and; love,, ini their best and widest - signification, i being ?/ introduced by the elevation andexamplcjofour Saviour, there are two other , conditions of, thought which belong especially to His, 'teaching, and are intimately connected, (witli.;,, these :two-^— that . is, purity of thought: and life, ifind the -elevation of woman. ii/.Thisipimty.-ofi^llQught and life is an especial fruit, rO.f .the UjChristian ; tree. The purity of thptiglifc . jtiid ; rlif. c!;;is .the! especial fruit of the paganJftrQe..!.; jilcrc, a' . radical revolution was effpetodbyi pur,. Saviour. ?.; ,.i Here all the great) men of pagan philpspphy show. the cloven foot ; here uhgenerated /human, nature, with all the power of intellect .and ;tho,ugiit::;pn the side of a more sub lime '^philosophy,, finds,-:' itself ?'??impotent. Here paganjpriesl.s-and;.the,5dev6teo3 of pagan temples ? pvoy.e. tlieir'cpr.ruptip.nibyielevating into a.worship that ;which itlie;. Ghristian, tnioral code condemns with'frll; J1I1& power,; of its; anathema. ... Here domes the greatest .triumph of 'the .Cross andof that of: whichtthe Gross ;is cmblematic-^purity of tender thought,: ; as .well -..',08;.; ;,vord -.???? and deed. He, ..who ., i i redeemed :, ust. ohofioru to have a Virgin. , ^Mother ; i: His : favourite*: disciple ; was St. .; ; -John ; ? , those .who ,- were called espe cially to follow and imitate ; tho Saviour- lived lives of purity, and educated both body and soul to' the sei'vice.'of'thc Cross; ' Here the power of Christ came iinto direct ^^ contact. with the power of ,the animal man' ; '?' and; here the interior triumph ?bJ'-gracVrbver^^^ the ?rb.dbmptibn on' the ' hill ' of 'Calvary. ^ Nto words can 'express the tleptlrantl 'radical' nature :-6'C the chango-lthus 'office t'cd;' ' ': i'Tlie ?interior yiefcory, and the Iselfr-rcpressiqn' arid tile, mastery ,:6f dcsii*-3, and the triumph of reason arid; conscience, directed by an unerring la^v, placed- man in' ]iis*.true position. Hcyin.bis self -master^, looked Up !to ;a in'odei of perfe'etion on' which to ' 'f ^orm his'.: very' 'thoughts. He learnt; humility' in coritemplating:hiinself, and then ?'in-vmediCatipg''dn'liis'lV- Saji'ouV'j and. ho be came conscious ?' ; of1 the: necessity of grace : for vanquishing: the ? ^enemy; that,' assailed.. him, and ; for ;building himself (iup-iiii purity of: thought and life. .Thus that element jwhich, stood atithe root of (the .'corruption s of ipaganism, and gave au iim7, ?petns. to all its multiplied ihorrorSj was .brought urideiv; some, control.., 1,; The yearning :o0i man.: tended! towardsi;the admiration.; of , .-whatl waB, heroic;in. purity, and i.dxjj.ressiydjof . a chaste and , holyklif p^ ; .1 The hideous' gpds;'?vvhich-?;vvere the personified -aiiimalisms:;of(jman'sLhaturo,:'«'ere stricken m down arid; smashed , to i, pieces,?? and in their stead .werOi placed,; rfor; thea'cycrence and; imitation :of .the ;:wprld,; patterns of heroic purity and: chaste.' love. iTniisi. the. whole;, tendency of human thought; .became! directed au- a channel which finished! at the open -gates 'of. Hoaven, and the whole bearing^of the tide of Christian thought was in the direction of control of the senses, and the elevation and strengthening of. the purer and sublimor instincts of the creature. The result of this was inevitable when taken in conjunction with. 'the revelation of man's and woman's destiny and personality. The position of woman became reversed. In place of being treated as a degraded slave, as a mere; instrument and tool, she took her place amidst the loved and honoured creatures of : GoiV Man,: who looked upon Christ as his God and Saviour, and respected human nature, which had been hallowed by His assuming it, did not forget that He chose a Yirginfpr His Mother. For Christ's sake, . she ; was .placed on high, and loved and reverenced ? with a; passionate devo tion; :She became in -his estimation a kind of queen of every; exalted womanly virtue, and was made the pattern of purity and love. I need not refer you ;tp, tlio pages of history to prove' to you the marvellous influence whicii she lias exerted on the: thoughts; of tho -world. . I need not ask you to consider what her image has done towards purifying, softening, elevating, and, indeed, in transforming human nature, and in introducing that high civilization which is one of the especial outcomes of the Cross. All this is too clear to require any development from me. The face of tho world proclaims it at this hour, and if Mary is forgotten by many who are benc fitted by her first influence on the world, still that influence is yet potent, and is the secret of the comparative gentleness of manners and rever ence for those who are weaker than themselves which obtains in the practice of the Christian world. How, then, do I conclude ? How can I otherwise conclude than by begging of you, one and all, to protect every morsel of Christianity Avhieli you possess. I do not here confine myself to those who belong to the great representative of the stronger and most masculine form of Christianity in the Catholic Church, but I address myself to every man and woman who believes in the Fatherhood of God, and in the redeeming Blood of Christ. I say, so long as He reigns, socialism, and nihilism, and revolution will be kept at bay. Man will preserve his liberty, and the State, whilst she is supported by religion, will not dare to tyrannise. Man will bo free, his conscience will be his castle ; his faith will be his stronghold ; and his morality and worship will elevate and purify his entire nature. The great laws of self-control and love of those who are weaker than ourselves will be respected, and the life of the poorest and the most helpless will be made 1 olerable, and even pleasant, through the sympathy, love, and ten derness, which, as fruits of Christianity, will . make up for their severe lot. And, aboA'e all, I say to those who belong to the old religion, stand firm to the faith of your fathers. It is the faith of the past, and it yet may be the faith of the future also ; tho very conditions of society arc in her favour. The great tide of democracy which is covering every civilized country of tho world has much in it which has a sympathy with the Catholic Church; and the Church, on the other hand, seems never to flourish more than \vhe:i energising in the midst of a free people who have learnt how to govern themselves. If there ever was? a people free and energetic in their :;.lvanco, a people on which these colonies seem mure and more to bo modelling themselves, that people ia the people of America. And if there evor was' a country in which tho Church lias grown with a rapid and vigorous development, it is in tho very same country of progress and of freedom. Hear how Do Toquevillc explains the reason of this de velopment; : — 'America,' ho says, 'is (ho mo«t democratic country in' the world, and it is nt the inline time (according to reports worthy of belief) the country in which the Eomaii Catholic religion makes most, progress. At first sight this ia surprising. Two things must here be accurately ? distinguished : equality inclines men to wish to form their own opinions ; but, on tho other hand, it imbues them with the taste and the idea of unity, simplicity, and impartiality in the power which governs society. Men living in democratic ages are therefore very prone to shake off all religious authority; but if they consent to subject themselves to any authority of this kind, they chooso at least that it should be single and uniform. Religious powers not radiat ing from a common centre, are naturally repug nant to their minds ; and thoy almost as readily conceive that there should be no religion, ns that there should be several. ? At the present time, more than in any preceding one, 'Roman Catholics are seen to lapse into infidelity, and Protestants to be converted to Roman Catholicism. If the Roman Catholic ifaith be considered within the pale of the. Church, it would seem to be losing ground ; without that pale to be gaining it. Nor is: this circumstance difficult of explanation. The men of our- days are naturally little disposed to believe ; but as; soon as they have any religion, they immediately find in themselves a latent propensity which: urges them unconsciously towards Catholicism, i Many of the doctrines and practices of the Romish Church astonish them, butiithey.^eol a 'secret admiration for its discipline, -and; its 'great unity attracts them. If Catholicism could at length withdraw itself from the political; animosities' to which it has given rise, I 'Jiavoi hardly ariyidoubt but that the same ?'spirit of i;the age, which appear;} to be so opposed to ity-wbulcl (become rso favourable as to admit of its great and- sudderiadvancoinent. One of the 'mosb' drdiriai-y- weaknesses of the human intellect is; to seelo .to -reconcile contrary principles, and to purchase peace at: the expense of logic. Thus there have over been, and will ever be, men who, after' havingfiubmitted somo portion of their re ligious : belief to tho principle of authority, will seek to exempt several other par's of their faith from '-its'- influence, and to kei p their niinda ?floating at random between liberty and obedience. But I am- inclined to believe that the number of these thinkers will be less in democratic than in other ages ; and that our posterity will tend more and more to a single: division into I, wo parts — some relinquishing Christianity entirely, otheis returning to the bosom of the Church of Rome !' Thus De Tocqueville confirms an old proveib amongst my own countrymen up and down Eng land, who say, ' Tho old religion was the first re ligion, and it will be the last.' Thorough-going Christianity, or the rough- going infidelity, form the antagonistic camp;; of au earnest and thorough- going people. The former means the Catholic Church, with Peter as her spokesman, and with all her safeguards and protections ; the latter means paganism swept, of its priests ancl without ifa gods, producing tyranny in the politi cal order, persecution in the religious, and ending in that form of democratic socialism whoso cry has ever been liberty and equality, or death, and which means, down v/ith the altar and the throne, up with the tyranny and debauchery of man. 