MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN INDIA. Mabriaob oustoms and marriage mantras differ in some respeots in different parts of the oountry. Thus at the marriage of his Highness the Maharajah of Mysore, the fol lowing pretty reoitation formed a portion of the ritual uttered by the bridegroom in musi oal Sanskirt : . ' The bridegroom replies, ' Well be it,' and reoites the following : Who gave her! To whom did he give her ! Love gave her. . To love he gave her. Love was the giver. Love was the taker. Love 1 may this be thine. With love may I enjoy her ! Love has pervaded the ooean. With love I accept 7i-r Love 1 may this be thine.' ' . Soon after this the bride and bridgroom proceed one or two steps forward, and the bride is thus addressed by the bridegroom : ' May the regions of spaoe, may air, the sun, and fire dispel that anxiety whioh thou feelest in thy' mind and turn thy heart to me. B6 gentle in thy aspeot and loyal to thy husband ; be fortunate in oattle, amiable in thy mind, and beautiful in thy person ; mother of gallant sons ; be fond of delights ; be oheerful and bring prosperity to our bipods and quadrupeds. Soma first reoeived thee; the Sun. next obtained thee ; the regent of fire was thy third husband ; and now a human being is thy fourth, r;.- Soma gave her to the Sun ; tbe Sim gave her, to the regent of fire; fire gave her to me. With her. he has given, me wealth and male' offspring.' May Bhe, most auspioiouB oause of prosperity, never desert me.' TheBe and many others, whioh were 'recited, contain much of exquisite poetry in them.' . They are, to quote Max Muller, tho simplest child-like prayer^' on ' reoord. — The Indian . Mirror . , ij'.PAPEit Bottoms fob Ibos Snira.— After .'getting used, to paper car-wheels, we need not i'bo Surprised. to jearn.that a new coating for. . the1 bottoms of iron ships consist; of brown' ipiper attaobed by a. suitable cement. It is thoinvention of Captain F. W»rren, of Eng land, and the BubBtan-;e::.he. proposes to use vis a preparation ol papier mache. It is stated 'that weeds andbMnaoloa.will not adhere tp paper, and:that:tbe speoial cement by whioh the paper is. secured may t-e. applied oold, but it hardens under wator, is unaffeoted by oom Vparatively., ; high temperature, and. posesses ttete. thus proteoted on oup lW^hRs been immersed for six ...Months, with tile result that . the proteoted side' waB found olean, while the nnproteotod motal was covered with rust and shellfish. . A PitETTT Fanov.— One Vol the pretty fancies of Frenoh people is to make colours tbe expression of sentimont. They hold that violet is analogous to friendship, blue to love, as suggested by blue eyes and azure sky. A bunoh of violets would therofore tell a lady'B suitor that friendship is all he has a right to expeot. Yellow iB paternity or maternity ; it is the yellow rays of the speotrum which oause the germ to shoot. Bed figures ambition ; indigo, the spirit of rivalry ; green, the love of ohange, fiokleness ; blaok, favouritism ; white, unity, university. In addition to the seven primitive odours, grey indioates power ; brown, prudery ; pink, modesty; silver grey (semi-white), feeble lovo ; lilao (semi-violet), feeble friendship ; pink, false shame, ? ?. ivx-.vi SnEARiNQ Sheep. — -According to an inter esting paper by Professor Freitag, of Halle, it is only sinoe the sixteenth oentury that the praotice of shearing sheep has been followed in Germany. Previously to that date the wool was separated by simply plucking it out — a process whioh was found to bo greatly facilitated by penning np the sheep olosoly, and keeping them without food for a few days before the operation. This system still obtains in some northern European oountriea ; and the Professor had an opportunity of personally witnessing it during his late travels in certain parts of Norway and Sweden, and in Iceland and several other islands. In these regions tbe short-tailed Bheep ( ovis borealis), whioh, like other wild mountain raoea, obanges its hair yearly, ia the variety ohiefly kept ; and the fleece is plucked off in June, after its bearer has been submitted to a few days' starvation. The ordinary breeds of Bheep met with in moBt other countries do not ohange their coat, as has been oleerly demonstrated by exhaustive experiments. Thoy have been left unshorn for four, seven, and even eleven years without any fresh growth being ob served, although the original coat continued to inoreaBe by simple prolongation of the individual hairs. The rate of growth is fastest during the first tbreej years of the sheep's life, after whioh time it decreases gradually and oonsiderably. In domesticated sheep the growth eaoh year ia most luxuriant immediately after the shearing in June or July ; while in the wild breeds, as might be expeoted, it is most marked in winter time, when the severity of tbe weather demands additional proteotion. In 1870, wolves in the Russian provineo of Samara, devoured 5880 horseB and horned oattle, 56,000 small cattle, 22,000 domestio fowls, and more than 1000' doge. In 1877 their ravageB were even greater. An American BuggeBts the oonstruotion of projeotiles on tho principle of the boomerang for reaching an enemy .behind earthworks or embankments, Tbe usual way of surmount ing obstacles of this sort is to make the balls ricoohet or bounce over tbe parapet after first Btriking the ground. New Use toe Lemon Verbena. — The well known fragrant garden favourite the sweet-scented or lemon verbena Lippia citriodora,) seems to have other qualities to recommend it than those of the fragranoe for whioh it is usually oultivated. The author of- a recent work, entitled ' Among the Spanish people,' describes it as being Bystematioally gathered in Spain, where it is regarded as a fine stomaobio and cordial. It is used either in the form of a decoction, sweetened, or five or six leaves are put into a teacup, and hot tea poured upon them. The author says that the flavour of tho tea thus prepared ' is Bimply delicious, and no one who has drunk his Pekoe with it will ever again drink it without a sprig of lemon verbena.' And he further states that if .this be used one need ' never suffer from flatu lenoe, never be made nervous or.old-maidisb, never have cholera, diarrhea, or Iobs of appetite.' A Gbeat Eel Pbesebve. — An American paper says : — 'On the farm of James N. Wells, in the Town o£ Riverhead, is the greatest eel preserve ever seen iuland. The pond covers five acres. Two years ago Mr. 'Wells put into the pond 2000 dozen eels, with no intention of disturbing them for five years. They havo increased wonderfully, millions being in the pond, and it is thought that there will be quad rillions before Mr. Wells gets ready to market them. The eels are fed regularly every three dayB on what is known as ' horse feet,' a sea product, with meat in side a shell which takes the shape of a horB'e'B hoof, and it is doubtless from that that it derives the name. They consume 750 horse feet in three days: It would seem impossible to furnish so many, but the. number does not begin to detail the extent of the catch. Millions of them ore annually fed to swine and poultry, and some men 'make a business of catching them. On 15th Juue, after a storm, Capt. Downs, with a trap of hiB own invention, caught 1000 'feet,' and between the 15th of June and April his aggregate catch was 19,000.' Hanlan in Pentientiaby. — When Hanlan, America's celebrated oarsman, visited the Penitentiary at Kingston, he found that an arch had been erected over the atone yard bearing the inscription in green, very oleverly executed by one of the prisoners, ' Hurrah for Hanlan 1' — with a shamrock and a pair of crossed skulla on one side, a shamrook and flag on the other and the harp of Ireland' beneath. As the party -were leaving the yard one of the convicts Btepped up to the champion and presented him with a pendant for a watch chain, of a horBe and his rider, beautifully oarved from a plain piece of bone. Hanlan's appearance in each room was the signal for every man to momentarily quit work to take a glimpse at the celebrated oars man, with whose doings, in spite of their dungeon walls, many of them seemed well acquainted. The Evidence op a Ghost. — Murderers have in many instanoeB been convicted and exeouted by evidence that was elioited through the agenoy of a dream or Bome vague ghost story. It is not generally known, however, that two men were exeouted in the North of England, a little more than two hundred years ago, by tbe testimony of a ghost. In 1631, a woman named Ann Miller was mur dered at Chesterle- Btreet. Her ghost, ac cording to the looal reoords, appeared to a miller who resided in the neighborhood, and told him the story of her murder. He in formed the magistrates, who issaed warrants for the atreBt of John Walker and Mark Sharp.. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, at the next Durham Assizes, found guilty, and exeouted upon no other evidenoe than the story of the miller.— Newcastle Gaurant. An Exceedingly Mahkied Man.— Un- easy lies the head that wears a_ crown applies particularly, one might think, to the King of Siam, who has, or had, GOO commissioned wives and 2400 wivoB by brevet, all of them living in one vast palace at Bangkok. Most men would rather relinquish all power and royal authority than be quite so muoh married ; but, we presume, the polygamous sove reign has got accustomed to his super abundant connubiality. He is said to be ah amiable and enlighted Prince, and to be sufficiently advanced not to grieve over the reoent death of the white elephant, ? a sacred beaBt among the Budhists. He probably thinks his 3000 wiveB elephant . enough for him without concerning himself about the aotual quadruped. He must be amiable, surely, to get on Bmoothly, as he is said to do, with 3000 women, all of whom are reputed to esteem and like him. We wonder how he manages. There must be some 'subtle secret in it whioh the Western world haB' never divined. . Why doesn't he give his views i on the Woman Question bo muoh disouBsed of lateP His multifarious experienoe has empowered him tb speak intelligently, and his opinions would have weight. It would be very interesting to know how one man, .can live comfortably with SOOO women,' when so many men Bnd' it very hard to live comfortably with one woman. 