JOURNEY FROM PORT PHILLIP TO SOUTH AUSTRALIA IN 1839. [CONTINUED.] Having got rid of my sable intruders, we started on our journey. Poor Jim was sadly chaffed about his fear, which had turned two blacks into an unknown quantity. A strange incident occurred at starting. The cattle were away feeding at the back of the camp when the natives were seen. These cattle did not see them, for it was my anxious endeavour to send the natives away before they were seen by the cattle ; yet, when the herd came to the spot where these niggers had been some hour or hour and a half ago, it stopped, and the beasts erected their heads, distended their nostrils, and showed every symptom of extreme terror. They could not have seen or even heard the black men, and it therefore fol- lows that they now smelt them. The Australian nigger does not smell nicely ; he carries about with him a strong flavour of bad Irish stew mixed with other perfumes not much relished by civilized noses.; but I never thought that the pungency of his smells would last so long in the atmosphere through which he passed. For some time the cattle were in an excited state, and would not move forward ; but by degrees they calmed down and moved quietly on, and we saw no more natives that day. We were now approaching the Grampians — a range of hills, or rather miniature mountains, rugged and picturesque. Mount William, the principal peak, rising up to 5,600 feet, stands out boldly against the sky. Having been accustomed to the ranges in New South Wales and those nearer Port Philip, the characteristics of which are rather a dull tameness of outline, the contrast of the rugged features of the Grampians was very marked and pleasing. The ranges of the Pyranees approached very nearly to the foot of the Grampians, and it appeared to us that a wide valley separated them. The scenery was certainly very beautiful — wild in its aspect, grand in its solitude, and sublime in the mystery which had so long enshrouded it, and hidden it for centuries from the world. Travelling through these solitudes was like passing into new regions through the mist of bygone times. As the sun went down and the day died away, the expiring sunbeams cast a rich crimson hue over the western horizon, the tints of which fell on the various peaks and lit them up as if they were so many active volcanoes. Near the horizon, a golden light shone forth, fading into a beautiful apple green ; above this the sky was streaked with bright crimson, which tinted the fretwork of clouds that hung in the vault of heaven, mingling with hues of purple and gray. It was a most glorious sunset, accompanied by such sublime beauty that the gazer might be easily led to believe that the gates of paradise were opened and some of heaven's lustrous light was per- mitted to visit the earth. No one gazing on it could agree with Hamlet that this ambient air was only a " pestilent con- gregation of vapours." As it passed away and the darkness of night came on, one sighed to think that so much beauty could fade into the cold blackness of night. It was late before we had prepared our camp and driven the cattle between the fires. The night was beautifully fine, the sky clear of clouds, but studded with the brightest stars I ever beheld. After supper, I wrapped my blanket round me, and, putting my head on my saddle, lay down to sleep ; but slumber would not visit me. Romantic ideas, springing from the remembrance of the lovely sunset that had adorned the sky that evening, would rise up in my mind and keep me awake. So at last I abandoned all notion of sleeping, and, lying on my back, looked up into the spangled sky. The musical note of the black swan came sweetly to me as flocks of these birds flew over my head, as did the low note of the teal, the harsh quack of the black duck, and the scream of the black and white goose as these birds crossed the sky above me. When these had passed by and silence reigned again, suddenly (from the rising ground near me) a low, plaintive wail ascended up into the night air, followed by another and another, until it appeared as if a crowd of suffering people inhabited the country — as if all the captive Jews were pour- ing out their sorrows as they did on the banks of the Jordan. These sad notes came from a flock of birds called by the colo- nists "curlews," but by naturalists " aedicuemus grallarius" — a kind of small bustard. Near me I could hear the faint flap- ping of the night hawk (a kind of caprimulga), as well as its fluttering, whispering note. Far in the distance from the wooded hills the mournful howl of the wild dog would float down the breeze, sending that kind of shiver and creeping of the flesh through ones frame which is felt at the climax of a ghost story. Altogether, what with these "voices of the night" and my excited ideas, it was a long time before sleep visited me ; but it did at last, and rapt me in its poppy folds until day dawn. About sunrise a stir was made in the camp, the cattle ap- peared excited, a low bellowing was heard, followed by a cry of surprise and alarm, and the next moment my overseer was seen running for bare life, followed by an infuriated cow. He had to dodge about the herd for some time before he could evade his enraged pursuer. It turned out that during the night another " accouchement " had taken place, and when the overseer passed near the newly made mother she rushed at him. Everyone but the poor fugitive himself burst into laughter. It was ludicrous enough to see with what perti- nacity the cow followed him, and he in all probability would have suffered some damage if his pursuer, in her eagerness to get at him, had not horned a bullock in the flank and trans- ferred the quarrel to one of her own species. The bullock rushed at the cow and upset her, thus freeing the overseer. These sudden additions to the herd by the presents of " en- ceinte " cows to me became at last so oppressive that I had serious thoughts of drafting out all the cows that were then in an interesting state and leaving them in the bush by them- selves. Indeed, I did draft out about seven one morning and drove them away, but they all came back at night quite well, only a little further advanced in pregnancy, and threatening to fall to pieces in a few days. We now entered on a very fine piece of country ; the soil so very rich that the grass grew luxuriantly on it, and in places the marsh mallow (malva) grew in dense and almost impenetrable masses. Clumps of acacia trees were collected in picturesque masses on the graceful undulations of the landscape, and fine noble-looking gumtrees lifted their proud heads high in the air. The acacia trees that we had hitherto met with were known as acacia decurrens, resembling the mimosa ; the acacia that grew on the country we were now entering on was the acacia platyphylla — in appearance it, at a distance, resembled the orange tree. This country had been occupied for some time by Mr. Henty, of Portland Bay, he had placed a herd of cattle on it. Through this run ran a river, then called the Wonnon, but which, I believe, has since my visit changed its name. We were all delighted at having arrived in so beautiful a country, and looked forward with much pleasure to the enjoyment of travelling through it. About one o'clock post meridian, I saw, most prettily situated on the side of a gently sloping hill, a neat hut, or rather cottage — for although it was built of gum slabs, yet it was so very neatly put together, and being supplied with glass windows and cedar doors, it rose above the class of huts, and entered into that of cottages. The scarlet kennedia and the purple hardenbergia climbed over the verandah, and gave a most enchanting aspect to the place. On riding up to the door Mr. Henty came forward, and, giving me a hearty welcome, asked me to dismount and come in. Having given my horse to a man he sent to me, I entered one of the prettiest rooms I ever recollect seeing — it was carpeted, curtained, and looked the very picture of neatness and comfort. As I entered, an inner door opened, and a lady — young, pretty, and in every way in keeping with her surroundings — walked, or rather glided, into the room. Mr. Henty introduced her as his wife. Astonished, bashful, and blushing, like a common clown, I stood before her, unable to say anything. The circumstance of meeting in the wilderness with this fairy-like habitation and this fairy like inhabitant had taken me quite aback, and I felt " de trop " in such a place and in such company. My grand- father Adam was ashamed of his nakedness ; I was ashamed of my clothing. Looking down I beheld my dirty, ugly, mis- shapen boots, and I was ashamed of my feet. My torn and dirty travel-stained blue serge shirt, together with my dirty red comforter, filled me with shame. I was relieved from my embarrasments by Mr, Henty telling me that dinner was ready, and that if I would like to wash my hands I had better follow him into a room where there was water, soap, and all the requirements for making myself comfortable. Wash my hands indeed ! What was I to do with my feet, and my boots, and my general clothing ? Wash my hands ! It ap- peared a farce to wash my hands only when I was so supremely dirty and ragged. As I followed my host into a small, neat dressing room, I looked into a looking glass, and saw what appeared to me to be the portrait of the first ruffian who comes on the stage to commit some horrid murder. There in the glass was a face not very clean, hirsute with a growing beard, the hair long disordered and unkempt, the very picture of a raggamuffin. However, after washing face and hands, and struggling with a comb and brush to get my hair into some sort of order, I returned to the room, and we then sat down to an excellent dinner. My hostess by her tact and judgment had managed to restore to me some sort of con- fidence, and I was able to talk. After dinner we all walked out, and wandered about the grounds. There was something so charming in finding in the midst of the wilderness such a sweet retreat as this was, that I could not help expressing my delight in beholding it. Both husband and wife responded to my feeling, and expressed themselves as quite contented and happy. Many years have glided into the past since then, and the career of my kind entertainers has never been revealed to me, but I hope that the happiness they then enjoyed lasted long, and remained with them through life. Towards evening I mounted my horse and bid adieu to Mr. Henty and his wife. There was some relief in getting back to the dirt and disorder of the camp. One felt that all things were in keeping with the surroundings — my boots did not seem so dirty, or my feet look so ugly, when I sat down by the fire under one of the drays. The next morning four of my best working bullocks were missing, and could not be found. Not wishing to be delayed on this cattle station, where there would be a risk of losing our animals by their being mixed with the cattle on the run, I sent the whole party on, giving the direction in which they should steer, and expressly ordering them not to diverge from a westerly course ; and retaining with me the stockman George, we mounted our horses and set out to search for the missing bullocks. All that day we wandered over the coun- try, up fertile vales, over stony hills, through thick scrub, down forest glades, passing through mobs of Mr. Henty's fat cattle, but without finding what we sought for ; and I con- cluded that some of Mr. Henty's servants had planted our bul- locks in the hope that I would offer a large reward for them rather than leave the run without them. If this was the case, they were deceived ; no reward was offered. And as evening closed in, I determined to join my party, ahead of us now by a day's journey. Even at this distance of time there comes floating up the vale of years a feeling of gratification that these rascals had only their trouble for their pains, and that their avariciously itching palms were never scratched with my money. Some months afterwards, Mr. Henty wrote to me saying that the bullocks had been found, and he offered me a price for them which was accepted, and thus this affair termi- nated. We had been travelling the whole of this day without food, so that when we set our faces to the westward we were tolerably hungry. There is a luxury in hunger that, in my opinion, has not been properly appreciated — especially in hunger that has to wait for some time before it can be ap- peased. Appetite and hunger are two very different things. Appetite is satisfied with eating, but when it has grown into hunger the imagination has the enjoyment of a thousand feasts rising from the mental enjoyment of one repast, quite prepared to enjoy in imagination the next, and thus to go on in one round of delightful feasting only to be spoiled at last by actual sensuous eating, and to rise at last from the real meal replete and disgusted, only to look back upon solid victuals with loathing. The sumptuous meals that I enjoyed in imagination that night have never been realised, and that poet who said that "imagination always surpassed reality, because in one instance you cooked your own meal, in the other the meal was cooked for you," was in my opinion a sensible poet, who no doubt had been in his literary career hungry at times. For some time we travelled on in silence and in darkness, keeping to the dray tracks, and expecting every moment to come on the party encamped on the banks of the Glenelg River, where it joins the Wannon. About midnight the moon rose, and we found ourselves in a country very inferior to that which we left in the evening — the soil was sandy and the country scrubby. After a time two wild dogs came out the scrub into some tolerably open country and joined us ; they played before our horses' heads like tame animals, seemingly without a particle of fear. After gamboling about for some time, they would suddenly turn to business — one would post himself at a little distance from a clump of bushes, while the other would enter the clump and in some cases drive out a bandicoot or wallaby, which the sentinel would rapidly catch. If it was a bandi- coot, it was instantly despatched and eaten on the spot, a little growling and snarling accompanying the repast; if it was a wallaby he was put back into the bushes, covered up, and left for a future opportunity for feasting on him. They carried on this game for some time, and then they devoted themselves to play with us, This was getting rather monoto- nous, so to put an end to it I fired a couple of shots at them from my pistols. They utterly disregarded the noise of the report, so I unloosed my stock whip from my saddle, and rat- tled it two or three times. The noise of the cracking of a stock whip when well handled is very great ; it now had the effect of sending my two wild companions away. The night wore wearily on. We were looking out for the Glenelg River, little thinking that a small dry creek in which the tea-tree was growing abundantly, and which we had crossed early in the night, was a branch of the Wannon just above its junction with the Glenelg, and thus we had passed the Glenelg without seeing it, and we were now fairly in the colony of South Australia. I cannot say that the contrast be- tween the two colonies resulted in favour of South Australia. We had left the fertile country through which the Wannon was flowing, and entered on a barren, sandy, waterless tract of land, sprinkled here and there with patches of scrub, in which grew the banksia, melaleuca, acacia, and casuarina. Both the stockman and myself were becoming weary and sleepy ; we had been many hours in the saddle without taking any rest. I now experienced (probably in consequence of fatigue) certain effects on my mind which led me to believe that I actually heard the voices of men, the cracking of whips, and the barking of dogs ahead of me. At every rise in the ground I expected to see my advance party on the other side of it. At times, when a clump of scrub intervened, the voices appeared so near that I was greatly puzzled at not overtaking the persons who I imagined were so close to me. This phantom party led me on from one hill to another, and from one patch of scrub to the next, and prevented me from granting George's constant request that we should lie down and sleep. At the end of many of the longest and dreariest hours I ever passed, the morning gave signs of dawning, and just as the sun began to tint the eastern sky I heard the bark of a real dog and the voice of a substantial man. We had at last come up with the party. George and myself took an hour's rest while breakfast was being cooked and preparations made for moving on, and we were all on the move again by eight o'clock. This day a circumstance occurred which very nearly caused death to visit us. For two or three days I had ceased to ride my thoroughbred as his back had been slightly injured by the saddle, and I gave directions to Little Jim to lead him. This morning, as I was riding in front of the party, I heard behind me in the scrub the noise of a horse galloping, and before I could turn round my thoroughbred, with Little Jim on his back, shot past me. They had not gone far before the horse began to buck, throwing his rider up in the air, and pitching him some distance over his head. Poor Little Jim fell on his back, and when I came to him he was insensible. The stockmen (Jim and George) now came to us — George was sent to catch the horse, and Jim was sent back to hurry up the drays. Poor Little Jim did not recover his senses before the drays arrived, and some blankets were spread on the ground on which he was laid. My surgical knowledge was not extensive ; I knew the effect that epsom salts, jolop, ipecacuanha, and rhubarb had on the human frame, and I firmly believed in phlebotomy and could open a vein. Turning up Little Jim's short sleeve, and tieing a piece of string tightly round his arm, I opened my knife and was proceeding to open the vein, when the poor little fellow's senses returned. He looked up with surprise and horror when he saw me bending over him with an opened knife in my hand ; he firmly resisted being bled, and thereby he possibly saved his life. Dr. Sangrado's system still existed, and was in a modified form in practice by the medical profession, and this led me to believe that the " letting of blood " was the " soveringst thing on earth for an inward bruise." However, as Little Jim was a free man, his aversion to blood-letting had to be respected, so he was wrapped up in blankets and put on the dray. We now entered a dreary sandy country, thickly wooded, gloomy beyond description, and apparently waterless. After travelling for some miles over this wretched country without seeing any signs of improvement on it, and finding my patient was growing hourly worse, I determined to alter my course and steer due south. In a very few miles we emerged from the dense scrub of the paper-barked melaleuca into an open gumtree forest, with numerous waterholes scattered over it. Here we camped, and when Jim was taken from the dray I saw that he was very ill, his face became deadly pale, his eyes were losing their lustre, and to all appearance he was dying. A thought suddenly struck me that if he would not take one half of Dr. Sangrado's prescription he might not object to the other half — having failed in the bleeding, there might be some success in the hot water. So one of the harness casks was emptied, as we had killed a bullock a few days before and salted it down in these two casks, and boiling water was put into it, and when reduced to a moderate temperature Little Jim was popped into it. It was lucky for him that he was small, for the harness cask would not have held even a moderately sized man. Whether it was the warm water, or the salt, or the blood that had drained from the meat — whether it was any of these separately or all combined, — the consequence was that Master Jim had not been in his curiously constructed warm bath many minutes before he showed symp- toms of recovery, and when we took him out, rubbed him down, and wrapped him in warm blankets he was out of pain, and soon fast asleep. Thus ended successfully my first essay in doctoring. By this time I was knocked up, and glad to get supper and go to sleep. The next morning when directions were given to put back the meat in the harness cask, objection was taken to obey this order because the cask had been turned into a bath the even- ing before. The idea seemed to have got abroad amongst the men that as poor Jim when he was stripped, before being put into the bath, did not look very clean, but on the con- trary very dirty, and as also he did not smell sweetly, the men thought that he might give a flavour to the meat which would not be a pleasant or desirable one. This fastidiousness rather staggered me, but, after having well scrubbed and rinsed the cask, each man was invited to take a sniff and say whether he was satisfied with its cleanliness or not. A majority soon decided in favour of putting back the meat, but a minority still held out against it, stating their objections to any gamey flavour being imparted into their meat. Nothing occurred of any note for several days, during which time we were travelling towards the coast. One night, when all was still in the camp, I distinctly heard the waves beating and surging on the shore. It was a pleasant sound, and brought with it many recollections of my boyhood, when as a middy I was visiting the classic grounds of Ancient Greece and Asia Minor, when the thought never occurred to me of visiting the antipodes. But here I was, far, far away from home and friends, in a country so little known in the old world that its very name of Australia conveyed no infor- mation to people on the other side of the world, unless that name was coupled with Botany Bay. The next day, about noon, we made the sea shore. As usual I had gone on in front, and as I went over the sandhills and came upon the beach the sight of the glorious ocean filled me with delight. I soon heard the cattle approaching, so I turned towards the sandhills to watch the herd as it came for- ward. The cattle at the head of the column, when they rose on the ridge of the sandhill, stopped simultaneously as they beheld the great ocean spread out before them, their heads erect, their eyes dilated, and their ears pricked up ; then, as the cattle in the rear pushed the front ones forward, they descended to the beach bellowing loudly, either from surprise or fear. We had struck the coast somewhere near Cape Ber- nouilli. When the cattle approached near the water, they gazed with wonder at the waves as they rolled in on the beach. When the head of the column halted, the rest formed line on their leaders' right, until a long string of animals were fringing the beach. They stood, with heads erect and ears pricked, gazing with wonder on this vast expanse of moving water, and as the surf surged upon the sand they drew back from it as if the water could injure them. Some time was lost and some trouble expended in trying to make these wonder struck animals move on. Some of them tasted the water, and seemed much surprised at its salt and bitter flavour. At last we succeeded in moving the herd on in the desired direction. Ascending the sandhill, I gazed on the animals, drays, and men composing the party as they filed passed me. Looking on the moving beings below me, strange reflections rose up in my mind as my thoughts wandered back to the time when Flinders and Cook visited these coasts. The simple fact of their publishing their discoveries turned the eyes of civilization in the direction of these then unknown lands, and the result has been the colonization of the savages' domain. Even I (as my party proceeded) was assisting in forging a link to the chain that was to connect the separate colonies with one another. The waves of the sea that had borne these gallant naval explorers on their crests were now surging on the sand beneath me, and their murmur was the voice of the great Southern Ocean, speaking as it had spoken for centuries past, and yet telling nothing. My brown study was suddenly put an end to by my finding myself on my back in the sand, with my horse sprawling near me. He had put his foot in a hole, and as a necessary sequence he tumbled down, pitching me over his head. Bushmen when travelling had better avoid falling into brown studies and philosophising about the past — the present should occupy their minds. Flinders and Cook were very good names without doubt, but the names which were of the greatest consequence to me were those that were attached to some acceptances that were wait- ing to be met at Port Philip when they arrived at maturity. However, my tumble drove all my reflections out of my head, and good deal of sand into my hair and beard. Recovering myself and catching my horse, I turned my attention to pre- sent affairs, and left off speculating about the past. But even the most practical persons cannot at all times confine their thoughts to the things present. A friend of mine (a thoroughly practical man), who had brought stock to South Australia, being most anxious to sell his cattle and start back again to Sydney, was one evening dining at Government House, when he was asked what he would take. Looking up to his host's face, he said — " £8 all round, six months' calves given in." That night we had to go back behind the sandhills to camp. Clouds had gathered in the sky, and about sun- down the rain descended in torrents ; the wind rose to a hurricane, driving the waves before it, and creating a surf on the coast which broke on the shore with a sound like thunder ; the cattle became uneasy, and in spite of all our endeavours to keep them in the camp they broke away. What with the darkness of the night, the pouring of the rain, the noise or the roaring surf and our utter ignorance or the features of the country we were now travelling over, this conduct of the cattle placed us in a most awkward position. And to make matters worse, we found that the herd had been split up into separate mobs, each mob taking its own course. It is said that philosophers should always take things easy. It had never come to my knowledge that any philosopher had ever been placed in the position I now occupied, so there may be some excuse for the language I made use of and the temper I displayed, as there was no example before me to follow. A Latin poet says that " anger is short madness." If that is the case, madness must have some delights, for what can be compared to the exquisite delight that accompanies furious ungovernable anger, when evil thoughts fill the mind, when the last drop of humanity is pumped out of the heart — when a ramping, raging devil glows within, sending the blood through the veins at fever heat, and urging one on to wanton extravagant actions ; this was the state I had arrived at. There was nothing now to do but to expend my rage in the most unreasonable manner, and make as great a fool of myself as possible, for it was utterly useless now to try to gather together the scattered herd on such a dark night and amid such pouring rain. To sleep was also out of question, so I sat down and sulked. My men all went to sleep, and as I sat brooding over the fire, drying my saturated clothes and abusing my destiny, I saw something moving in a hollow log on the top of the lighted pile of wood. As the flames rose up to this log, its tenant became very uneasy. At last a deaf adder ("the most poisonous of all the snake tribe) slipped out of the piece of wood, and fell writhing into the hot ashes. These reptiles, as it was afterwards discovered, were very abundant on this coast, and it was fortunate that my first introduction to one of the family was made under such very favourable circumstances to myself and such very embarrass- ing ones to the snake, for when he fell into the still live ashes he became an easy prey to me, and I soon despatched him. He was not much more than two feet long, of a copper colour, with a broad flat head, thick body, and pointed tail, at the end of which was a hooked nail— altogether a nasty look ing fellow ; and if any of his branch of the serpent family had anything to do with Eve and the apple, all I can say is that our respected mother had a rather depraved taste. The noise made in killing this venomous visitor awoke the men, who, when they saw the dead adder and heard its history, did not readily return to their resting places, but carefully searched through the camp to find out if our intruder had any friends in the neighbourhood. Finding nothing more than a few centipedes about the fire, they wrapped themselves up, and were soon snoring in unison. It is a very common saying that there is an end to all things, and so there is— even to the sulks. It struck me that nursing my ill-humour and cursing fate, was a profitless waste of time, and that it would be advisable to take some rest, and prepare one's self for the hard work in store for to-morrow. The next morning found me in a better temper. The mists of my ill-humour had passed away with the night as the clouds of heaven had also vanished from the sky, and the smiling morning was met by me with a smiling face. All hands now turned out to find the scattered mobs. Those on foot stepped gingerly as they walked through rushes and low ; scrub, for the vision of the deaf adder was still present in their minds. To track the cattle was out of the question, as the rain had obliterated all foot marks. Occasionally we came across single beasts, then mobs of twenty or thirty bullocks ; but whether we found solitary beasts or mobs of cattle, they all seemed dull, out of spirits, and conscious of having misbehaved themselves. By noon the principal por- tion of the herd had been collected, and only a few small mobs were still astray. Towards evening we came upon some morasses, on the edge of which were countless myriads of snipe. As we flushed them, the noise of their rising, the bleat of their cry, and the sight of their zig-zag flight drove me wild with ex- citement, and made me curse the hour on which I left the camp without my fowling piece. Here in this wilderness, far from the ken of sportsmen, were these beautiful birds, flying gaily away without a chance of being bagged. By the even- ing almost all the cattle had been gathered together, and col- lected in the camp. A few stragglers were away, but they came in during the night, and on the next morning not an animal was astray. When we had finished supper, Big Jim came to me, and, in a hesitating way, said, " he wished to ask a favour of me, which he hoped I would grant." There was a kind of bash- fulness about him that would have suited an ardent lover when about to " pop the question." He said, " he had had his eye for" some time on a black bullock — the finest animal he had ever seen, — and he wished to get permission to break him in ; would I grant it ?" " Most certainly." I had observed this bullock for some weeks, and it struck me that for symmetry of form and nobleness of carriage I had never seen his equal. Big Jim had evidently fallen in love with him, and was anxious (like many a lover) to yoke him up. The next morning the poor brute was roped, and fastened to a tree. An old broken-in bullock was then placed close to him, the yoke placed over both their necks, the iron bows fastened to the yokes, and the two animals' tails tied together. It had been by no means an easy matter to get the rope in the first instance over this black bullock's horns, and when it was rightly drawn over them he was not inclined to yield up his liberty quietly. He rushed about, reared, fell on his back, and did all that a roped bullock could do to regain his free- dom, but all to no purpose ; he was now yoked in no very loving bond to an old worker. Everything seemed now all right, when our sable friend made another last struggle to be free. Doing this he broke the key of the bow, and the bow falling to the ground, he was nearly at liberty, only being held in captivity by his tail. With one bound he got rid of the bondage by leaving a few joints of his tail with his fellow captive. Turning round upon us with his head erect, his eyes dilated, and his nostrils expanded, he gave one sonorous snort, and dashed away into the scrub. In a few minutes the stock- man George and myself were in the saddle pursuing him, but although we were so soon on his heels, we never saw him again ; he had disappeared as suddenly as if the earth had swallowed him. Up to this time it is a puzzle to me to account for his extraordinary but successful flight ; it was to no end that we traversed open land, scrub, and marsh — our black friend was not to be seen. In the afternoon the pursuit was abandoned, and we joined the party. We now came to a country thickly wooded with melaleuca, and the next day we journeyed over swamps more or less' covered with water. During the whole day we did not pass over an inch of dry land ; at times the drays were axle deep in water, and the herd was splashing and floundering through the submerged land. A more perfect picture of desolation could have scarcely met the eyes of Noah when he drove his animals into the ark ; there was not a dry spot on which his dove could have rested. To make matters more unpleasant, it began to rain in this misty, muddy, boggy, slushy, swampy country. There fell a gloom over the party which no amount of cheer- fulness could dissipate, if any cheerfulness could have pene- trated the moisture which surrounded us. The cattle, ap- palled by their surroundings, broke off into mobs and sought shelter among the trees, refusing to move on. It must be con- fessed that the cows set the first example. An old lady, who had from the beginning proved fastidious and troublesome, introduced the movement, and, placing herself under a tree, she not only resisted all attempts to urge her on, but she charged furiously any person who came near her. The only expedient under such circumstances was to leave her behind, which was done. After a time she repented of her behaviour and overtook us. Not so with a surly old bull, who, after very riotous conduct, was abandoned to his fate, and I believe he perished in this desolate waste, as he was never seen again. Towards the close of the day it became a matter of importance to find some dry place to camp upon, so I left the party and rode away to the eastward. After travelling in this direction for a short distance, I came on a pretty rise of ground, wooded with casuarina and acacia, and carpeted with a rich growth of grass and herbage. This was a godsend, and for the present there was an end to some of our troubles. Dry wood was found for the fires, and much comfort reigned in the camp — no doubt enhanced by the clearing up of the gloomy prospects of the morning, as well as by the clearing up of the weather. In looking for the working bullocks next morning, I was much struck with this little oasis in this desert of water. In it was assembled a vast quantity of birds of almost every description, as if an ornithological congress was to be held in the wilderness, white cockatoos covered the ground like snow drifts, black cockatoos perched in the branches of the casua- rina and banksia, flocks of parrots with shrill screams darted among the trees ; at every step one took, quail (either in beveys or singly) rose up with a whir ; snipe were numerous, the wattle bird with his harsh note hovered about the bank- sias, hawks of various kinds sailed gracefully through the air, and the cawing of the crows was heard as these birds gam- bolled high aloft or perched on the topmast branches of the trees, bronzewinged pigeons passed by in their rapid flight, and now and then a curlew (oedicnemus) would rise from the low bushes, or a bittern would flutter from a bunch of rushes. Strange to say, but few aquatic birds were seen. Now and then, with a quack and splutter, a black duck would skim over the watery waste which surrounded us, or a flock of teal would float away from their harbour of reeds and rushes. Having a great love for ornithology, this delightful spot seemed to me a perfect bird paradise, and even the recollec- tion of the scene fills my heart at this distance of time with a kind of rapture. Yet, notwithstanding this display of life and life's enjoyment, death (the fell destroyer) had visited this spot in the night time. In searching for the working bul- locks I wandered up a very pretty valley, in which two of the working bullocks were lying quite dead. They had been turned out in yokes, and by some accident while feeding one had fallen over the other, and the yoke had broken both their necks. It is something really awful to stumble on two dead creatures in the midst of so much active life. There lay the two bullocks that yesterday evening were full of life and health, now stark and stiff in death. It must, be con- fessed that my feelings took more a practical than a senti- mental view of this accident. I sighed, it is true, at the un- timely end of these poor creatures, but a sigh escaped me also because of the inconvenience we should be put to by the loss of these two useful servants, who actually, and not metaphorically, "died in harness." However, the poor things were dead, and past hoping for. It was, therefore, useless to expend much sentiment on them — indeed, in my experience I have found that sentiment is " de trop " when it comes to a man in bush clothing, and in the midst of bush troubles. It is very well to look poetically on a disaster if you have not to meet it practically, and all the sentiment in all the poetry of the world could not have turned these two dead animals into living, useful working bullocks. Sentimentally I sighed over them, practically I took the yoke off their broken necks and carried it into the camp. When Big Jim heard the mournful news he scratched his head, and said, sorrowfully, " that Young Brindle was the best worker of the lot, and Old Sable was the steadiest bullock for yoking ; young steers, too. Ah well, it's no use grieving over spilt milk ; I must break in a few more." And he did so. With wonderful skill and patience, the man appeared born to his calling. He would rope young steers in the morning, drive them through the day, and in a wonderfully short time these newly broken-in animals were valuable working bullocks. He hardly ever used the whip, and yet he would take his dray through most intricate and difficult passes with ease and safety. The con- trast between this man and Tom King was most striking. The one was self-possessed, temperate, merciful, and kind ; the other was always confused, blustering, cruel, and injudi- cious, using his whip constantly and indiscriminately, unable to guide his team on level ground, and utterly useless in a difficulty. An incident occurred about this time that induced me to depose Tom King and put another man in his place. We had been travelling through a very fair country, when towards evening we had to ascend a moderately sharp incline. Big Jim, as usual, got his team to the top of the ridge without trouble or difficulty. The moment that Tom King's team began to ascend the rise, he, with his usual stupidity, began to flog his bullocks until they stopped, and refused to budge an inch. Information of this difficulty was forwarded to me, and on riding back to where King was in trouble I found him mercilessly beating his bullocks, and using infamously blas- phemous language. I ordered him to cease flogging his bullocks and hold his tongue, and not make use of such dis- gusting expressions. The fellow had the impertinence to disregard my orders and continue his objectionable conduct. Again and again I desired him to desist. At last, finding words were of no use. I struck him across the face with the double thong of my stock whip. The fellow, whose anger had been for some time at boiling heat, on feeling the pain the blow gave him, became utterly furious ; he rushed towards me in a fury and tried to unhorse me, but a tap on the head from my whip handle brought him to some extent to his senses. But still his passion was ungovernable ; tearing off his coat and waistcoat, he threw them away from him and challenged me to fight, calling on the bystanders to see fair play. The little fellow was frantic ; he stamped on the ground, bit his lips, foamed at the mouth, and abused me in most unmeasured terms. I could have beaten the poor little weak devil into a cocked hat in a couple of minutes, but I thought that it would be injuring my position if I had a stand up fight with him before the other servants, so I let him rave on for some time, and I then told him to give up his bullock driver's whip and to cease being a bullock driver any longer. To this he demurred, until he was told that disobedience of orders would subject him to punishment when we arrived in Adelaide, and that any further opposition on his part would compel me to bind him hand and foot, and carry him on his dray until he could be delivered up to the police. This brought him to his senses, and he became penitent and obedient. He had, how- ever, got his team into such a state that it could not be moved by the new bullock driver, and I was obliged to ride on and overtake Big Jim, and send him back with his bullocks to get us out of the mess master King had got us into. On giving Big Jim orders to go back, for the first time this useful ser- vant displayed a somewhat mutinous spirit. He took off his hat, dashed it on the ground, muttered an oath or two, and then said — . " Look here, master, do you want me to do that little piss- ant's duty and my own too ; it is not fair, and — " " Now, don't say you will not obey my orders, Jim, or you will put yourself in an awkward position, and you may forfeit all the pay you have up to this time earned. You must go back." I then told him how Tom King had behaved. " And did he offer to fight you ?" said Jim. " Yes, he did !" I replied. This appeared so amusing to Big Jim that he roared with laughter, and, taking his bullocks from the dray, he went back to where Tom King's dray was stuck up. (To be continued .) 