Victoria Thoatro. THE entertainments last evening were in aid of the funds.for the Sydney Seamen's Strike, and we were happy to see an improvement in the attendance. The play chosen was Shakespeare's tragedy of "Hamlet," and those present participated in a highly intel lectual treat. We may ssafely assert that the play has never been so perfectly rendered in Newcastle since the theatre was erected. We have had good Hamlets (both profes sional and amateur), but there has been the alloy of a weak Ophelie, or an inefficient Queen or King, or some deficiency in the caste to mar the effect of the good acting of the principal performer. Last night, how ever, witnessed a happy changed in this re spect; tIhe principal character was not only magnificently rendered, but its representa tive was ably supportedon every hand. Mr. Dillon's Hamlet is one of the most striking and impressive that we have ever seen. The man whom we have seen as Belphegor, Richelieu, or Claude Melnotte, is no longer before us, we only see Hamlet the Dane. From the time that the terrible conviction forces itself upon Hamlet that his royal father has been foully murdered until the fatal climax is reached, the expression of Mr. Dillon's features was a complete study, and his powerful but unobtrusive by- play, both in speech and manner, was a marvel of perfect acting. We hardly know upon which portion of the character to expatiate, eachl claiming to be specially noticed. The inter view with his father's ghost (capitally played by Mr. T. E. Ellis), was a rare piece of artistic skill, unexaggerated, yet power fully emphatic. The weird music in this scene, arrangedespecia]lybySirMichaelCostna, contributed greatly to the dramatic effect. Throughout the mimic play-scene, the excitement of the s.udienco was raised to the highest pitch by the realistic acting of the heart-broken Prince, who is thus fully con vinced of the atrocious guilt of his ambitious uncle and abandoned mother. Our space prevents us from doing anything like justice to the merits of Mr. Dillon's Hamlet, it is a perfectly unique piece of acting, and most assuredly merited the rich tribute of applause last evening which greeted his well-sustained efforts throughout the play. Miss E. Pender's Ophelia was both a vocal and dramatic b ous. Her voice, physique, and graceful bearing, eminently qualify her for this interesting character, the faithful developement of which, is often found extremely difficult by very many ex perienced actresses. The audience quickly realised her ability and were profuse in their applause. The Queen Gertrude of Miss Marion Willis especially deserves our warmeat approval, and the guilty King was ably personified by Mr. Keoph. We have rarely seen a better Polo nius and very seldom as good an one, as that given by Mr. Hesford; and the Laertes of Mr. St. Laurence was equally well rendered. Mr. Tyrell made an excel lent Horatio, and our early dramatic recol. lectiens were vividly awakened by Mr. Sam Howard as the Grave Digger, hlie was indeed "to the manner born." Mr. Clifford as Mtarcelles, Mr. De Glorion as Bernardo, Miss [Patty Holt as Osrick, Mr. J. P. O'Noil as Guildenstern, and Mr. Britten as Roseneranz, each deserve to be favourably mentioned. In fact the tragedy was a complete success throughout, the very apprbpriate music so excellently played by Mr. Christie's band, adding materially to the interest of the play. To-night the romantic drama of the "Four Knaves and the Pack" will be repro duced by special desire. 