Farm and Garden Notes. The best garden seeds, it is said, are those grown from aeed Bown so late in the BeaBon aa to be past the ! fwk of any blighting cold, and whioh can push straight ahead to maturity. Trustworthy statistics, showing that only about one horse in 44,000 proves faßt, ought to have influ- ence in convincing farmers that there ia more profit ui breeding something else. Maine farmers are finding out that it don't pay co put all their eggs in one basket, but that instead of potatoes more than they can sell they had better raise wneatto eat, and corn to feed cattle, to enrich future cor« aud wheat fields, Maize growers are too often incapable of pro- perly caring hams and bacon. This is a great loss to them, because it obliges them to sell their produce in Sydney or Melbourne at unremunerative prices when- ever the country ÍB blessed with a productive harvest. Whereas if they possessed the knowledge and skill necessary for feeding and curing these articles they would ensure a certain minimum price for maize. FLORAL DECORATION.-Some notion of the exten to which floral decoration is carried on among the wealthy in America may be gathered from the follow- ing description of a recent marriage in the Vanderbilt family. The marriage bell hung in the front of the Fifth-ave window of the parlour. Its rim was within six feet of the floor, and it waa four feet in diameter, The lining was all of white flowers, and the same kind of flowers on the exterior were varied on three sides by clusters of pansies, masses of roses, and Victor Hugo carnation. On the front of the bell, the mono- gram composed of the letters T and V, was arranged in block letters, the T being of violets, and the V of maroon carnations. The clapper was a closely packed pendant of scarlet bouvardia. PEEN-TO OR FIAT CHINA PEACH.-This nice and earliest of peaches, was first fruited in Australia about thirty years ago. It waB brought here from Shanghai by the late Captain Simpson of the Freak, brig. It is now common ; and in Queensland it is more common than any other peach. It may prove interesting to many to know that this peach is only of recent introduction in the United States. It fruited for the first time in America in Pensacola, Florida, in June, 1877. The following notice of the fruiting appeared in THE GARDENER'S MONTHLY :-" In THE GARDENER'S MONTHLY of April last I referred to this peculiar variety, which, although in my collection for a number of years, had heretofore failed to produce fruit. Some two years ago I gaye a friend residing in Pensacola, trees of the most promising of my varieties, and to day (June 23) he sends me a box of the fruit with the following note :-'At the time when we received the trees you stated that they would not answer for Georgia. I can assure you they are here a perfect sucoess, and just the peach for the climate. The samples I send you were taken from one tree, from which we have plucked 1200 peaches. As thiB is the first instance of this peach having fruited in the United States, it may prove interesting to Cali- fornia and Florida fruit-growers to learn more about it. I add the description of the fruit.-J. J. Berk man.' " We omit the lengthy description as the fruit is so well known here ; though the name (Chinese) may be new to many-Peen-to,-T. W. S. VASES AND STATUARY IN GARDENS.-In nine cases out of every ten where these useful adjuncts to embel- lished gardens and grounds in our suburban and rural seats are employed, the grand mistake of placing too many is made. Architects professing to advise in landscape gardening, of which they rarely possess the ghost of an idea, are the chief cause of this grand mis take. Vases and figures, often of inferior and inap- propriate design, are dotted and sometimes clustered about so thickly in situations unsuitable for them as to destroy all harmony, all repose and all pleasing effect. Well-designed, well- filled, and well-placed vases form a beautiful feature in garden or pleasure ground ; so does statuary, well-selected, choice, but limited, and suitably (harmoniously) and meaningly placed; but there are many very beautiful gardens and grounds in which nothing of the sort# is to be seen ; and many even extensive oneB in which half-a dozen vases and as many figures would be an improvement only if really select, and placed with real taste, and an ap- preciation of true art. Any garden is far better with- out having any of these, unless under these con- ditions ; and always, rather than having more than a few. We have seen several naturally and well-planted nice grounds, not far from Sydney, BP crowded with these things as completely to destroy the iden of em bellished pleasure grounds, and to replace it with the notion that the proprietor was a trader in them, and that the ground or garden was the show shop. No doubt some of our readers will have noticed some such examples. Gentlemen having means and the desire, but without confidence in their own judgment, are apt to follow the decisions of every pretender who visits him, and thus is sure to make a jumble. It is the ¡ safest plan to employ a competent person and be guarded by him, or else to judge for himself; in the latter case always remembering that the smaller the number the less chance there will be of the vulgar mistake. BitowN BREAD.-The ordinary brown bread supplied in towns is generally unwholesome, anda8 disagreeable to the taste as it is injurious to the deli cate stomach, It is a combination of siftings, or bran and generally of damaged or inferior flour, and irri tating, from the bran, even if the flour were unexcep tionable, to the bowels as well as to the stomach anc the digestive organs. Brown bread is often recom- mended by physicians, as useful in preserving regu- larity in the processes of digestion j but there is rea- son to fear that, generally in cities and towns, its use is injurious rather than otherwise. Physicians of ex- perience and of good perceptive faculties have recog- nised this both in Sydney and in London, and have recommended their patients to discontinue its use ; some have remarked that it was " made to send them patients," Brown bread is used in most households, and is looked upon as a treat as well as a wholesome variety in the staff of life. It is so ; and the medical profession is perfectly right in recommending its par- tial use ; but only when :its composition oan be tho- roughly relied upon. Every family should possess a small wheat-mill and grind their own meal for making this bread. It could be ground as wanted and thus the meal wonld always be fresh and pure. In former days all the flour used, in the bush, was ground in hand-mills at home, and we think that now all that would be required for brown bread might be so ground both in town and bush. Perhaps the danger of stale flour is not so great in the inland towns as in the cities and towns on the seaboard, yet the fact of the mixture of coarse bron remains, and is very objectionable. Small hand- mills only cost a few shillings, and the satisfaction of knowing that your delicate little ones were getting a really wholesome article for their bread, or "pap," would be worth far more than the little trouble it would entail. BIG BUNCH OF GRAPES.-An American paper states: There was recently shown, in San Francisco, a mammoth-bunch of grapes from the great grape-vine of Santa Barbara. This cluster weighed 1251b, and was 6 feet in circumference and 3 feet long. The vine from which it was cut is sixteen years old, and pro- duces annually from 10,0001b to 12,0001b of grapes, t ? 