CARDINAL MANNING AND THE NEW POPE. ; f r - The following pastoral letter from Cardinal Manning was read on Sunday in the - various Roman Catholic places of worship in the diocese of : Westminster-r- Being by - the will of God absent from you, we have been deprived of a twofold consolation. We have not been among voii to share in vour sorrow for the loss of - en r beloved Pontiff and Father, Pius IX. j nor in your joy for the speedy and peaceful election of our Sovereign Pontiff, Leo XIII. Nevertheless, though absent, we have shared with you in heart and spirit; and we desire now, by a solemn act of adoration, to unite with- you in giving thanks to the Divine Head of the Ohur'cb; who has raised upas His Vicar ;upon earth a pastor according to his own heart. 'We. have said that the election of Leo XIII. was speedy and" peaceful. It was speedy almost "beyond precedent on record. Nover in-; any 'conclave was .the number of electors 1 so great; and seldom was the' duration .of a conclave so: short. ' The most numerous "conclave - on record was that which elected, Urban VIII., but the number of electors was only fift v-nine— in the late conclave there. were present sixty-one. Conclaves have usually .lasted for weeks and months. The shortest conclave was in the election of Gregory : XV.'/ which was 'completed in' one day. The election of Leo XIII.: was completed 'in two; ! These facts demonstrates the unity of mind and will1 which pervade'd ' the Sacred- College! and : thisjagain 'demonstrates the hand aud the -will of God the' presence- and- the 'assistance of f he' Holy Ghost;-. When -the first Apostolical ; election was made in Jerusalem it -was made iti , speedand m pbace; ' for the Lord showed whom i He had chosen. In - thq midst of a world in I whichallthePowersand rulers' have consented ;to spoil and- 'to "dethrone' the' 'Vicir'-' of Jesus ; Christ; the" eleotion' of J the jSpvereigh Pontiff lias ; been made, with an ; absol'ute- internal liberty; ' j which excluded even > so niqch as a shadow of i secular '-ihterfefehbe-; 'for 'where- thV Spirit" of S the -Lord is,' th'ere is' liberty;" ,For this/ peace iand liberty- which came from God' alone;'; let us ; qffer;,our thanks;; ' But we have atiother abund- ant and heartfelt caiise to give thanks—that is,: for -the singular gifts which uhito in 'the. person jori whom this choice has fallen. It ' wbuld ill i become us' eveh tb seem to commend the' Vicar of Jesus Christ.. But as to Pius IX.- ' we have I lost a man of God, ' a true 'Pastor of Souls! - and (one who was known and loved by his own and > by all other peoples, so in Leo XIII. these three grbat conditions, on which, under God, the power. of faith and charity depends, are found united. But our duty is to uphold the' hands of the: Head of the Church by our fidelity and prayers. The latter days'are upon the Chnrch, and the world is in confusion. The last Pon- tificate has bequeathed to the present its glorious inheritance of the Chnrch in warfare. Pray, therefore, rev. and dear Fathers and be loved children in Jesus Christ ; pray for Leo XIII., that the light and power of the Holy Ghost may be abundantly with him in every hour of counsel and of decision, of action and endurance. With this intention we appoint that on tho second Sunday in Lent the most holy sacrament of our Lord's presence Bhall be exposed upon the altar from the high mass to the evening, to be closed with procession and benediction. To our reverend and beloved brethren the clergy we have the duty of select ing such fitting devotions as shall moBt emphat ically express the intention of our united aot of intercourse. And finally, we invite all our flock, clergy and people, to join with us in saying daily, with the same intention, seven " Glorias " in honour of the Holy Ghost, to which devotion Pius IX., of glorious memory, granted an indulgence. The God of peace and hope fill you with all. joy and strength to do, and if need be to suffer, His holy will; 