THE ADELAIDE HOUNDS. (By Sportsman.) My good friend the Editor with a most worthy desire of preventing any mental lethargy on my part has asked me to chronicle for him as of old the doings of the Adelaide hounds, and the " moving accidents by flood and field" which our noble Olub undergo from week to week; and while so calling upon me he pleasantly awakens a little of my large stock of pride by reminding me of the time, now nearly four years since, when the hardest of hard days' rides at the heels of the spotted beauties was seldom hard enoogh to keep me from furnishing him with news of our day's exploits in time for his next issue. For the renewal of so praiseworthy a | habit there could surely be no happier occasion than a meet at Birksgate, the seat of Sir Thomas Elder, M.L.C., patron of learning, of racing,of boating, and above all of hunting. The meet was advertised for Saturday last at the con venient bonr which has now become canonical, and, as might have been expected, at about 2 p.m. the main roads and by-roads leading to Glen Osmond presented that cheerful ap pearance which betojcens a good field and a pleasant concourse of onlookers. Approaching Birksgate from the : road which leads eastward from the Unley-foad, we caught more than a glimpse of vehicles, horse men, men, women, and children congregating at various spots whence the prowess of riders and horses could be best seen. At half-past 2 to the minute we reached Birksgate, where the first we met was the worthy Master, looking none the worse for his month's holiday, and certainly none the less welcome to the Club. After a taste of the cap which cheers and possibly inebriates, and after having our movements hastened by a warning voice that scent wouldn't last for ever, we fonnd ourselves in the centre of a group amongst whom were the Master on Sheet Anchor, Mr. Gilbert' on Slim Jim,. Mr. A. G. Downer on Celt, Mr. Morphett on Novelty, Mr. Young on Bistori, Mr. Turner oh Hamlet, Mr. Ferguson on Barney, Mr. Parr on Glencoe, Mr. A. Bickford on Yangnard, Mr. Wigley on Oasterton, Mr. Aldridge on Warrior, Mr. Gwynne on Tambourine, Mr. W. Pegler on Buc caneer, Mr. Beauchamp on The Back, and last, but not least when judged by his day's performances, Master Tom Smith on Talavera. As we approached the gate leading into the stable yards we' came upon our old Mend Mr, A, J. Baker, true as ever to his did love of sport, looking ready for anything, and proud, as he well might be, of the pretty little pack of which he is so excellent a guardian. At about a quarter to 3 the bounds burst away on a not scent, making acroBs air Thomas Elders grounds with their noses in the direction of Mr. Cudmore's, and giving a little diversion to the field in the shape of a few ugly ditches and some capped wire fences. Beaching Mr. Cnd more's they got into Mr. Price's grounds, the Master, with his usual vanguard, and a fair pro portion of the field, negotiating in their ; journey some stiff timber with anything bat : agreeable takes off, and with at least an ngly ; doable. The devious route we took got us some- i what confused now and again as to where we : were, but of this we do feel clear—that from Mr. - Prices we got into Mr. Hardy's, and sailed merrily, thence for the road which runs from -the : Mitcham-road towards the hills. Turning again : we went westward at a good bat across the Mitcham-road, and into what we believe, to be ■' Mr. Prince's land, where a few complications in ; the shape of wire fences, awkward holes, and m ploughed ground, not the lighter for the week's: rain, tested the plnck and endurance of both riders and horses. A detour brought us with heads westward into TJrrhrae, getting there by means of a nice piece of timber. Leaving "Urrbrae, hounds and horses went at a swinging pace for the Birksgate grounds, and ran in at a little distance from where they had thrown off,; having done a distance of something like four to1 five miles in time and over ground and timber* that tried the mettle of all and soiled the coats' of a few. A short breather and a renewal of the festive cnp before quitting Birksgate, and we all went homewards with better livers and, as a consequence, with better hearts. Hunting.—Several members of the Adelaide; Hnnt Glnh turned out on Thursday, August IV at HiltoD, and had a spin across some very stiff; country, winding up at the Butts. Amongst those present were Mr. J. L. Stirling (the Master) on Sheet Anchor, Mr. Barker on Yam bro, Mr. Ferry on Frank Hewitt, Mr. Moore on. Garryowen, Mr. Turner on Meteor, Mr. WIgley on Oasterton, Mr. Parr on Glencoe, Mr. Pegler on Benicia Boy, Mr. Kearnan on Swordsman; Beauchamp on Warrior, Mr. Baker on Moidore. Mr. L. McDonald on The Ghost, and a stranger; on a pony, who jumped well, and finished up plnckily bareheaded. The run was a veiyBtiff awkward one, with some of the wire fences strapped down. Warrior fell at the third fence, giving Beauchamp a heavy come down. Frank Hewitt came down twice, and Sheet Anchor was also amongst those that made mistakes. Inquest on Mb. Cablin.—An inquest was held at Mann's Hotel by Mr. J. D. Gave, J.P., on Wednesday, July 31, to enquire into the cause of the death of Mr. Frederick Benjamin Garlin, storekeeper, of Port Lincoln, who died suddenly in Opie's coach while travelling from Jamestown to Hallett. Mr. J. A. Goodfellow was chosen' Foreman of the Jnry. John Opie, mail driver, stated that he was driving on the previous day from Jamestown to Hallett, and deceased was a passenger by the coach. Did not notice anything the matter with him, and he got oat with the rest of the passengers at Tommy's Gap. When witness stopped the coach to wait for the passengers the deceased was some yards behind them. He fell down within ten yards of the coach, and two of the passengers ran back to assist him into the vehicle. Did not hear him say anything, and then drove on, when two or three minutes after wards some of the passengers called out " Stop." One of the outside passengers got down to see what was wrong. Got down myself, and some one inside the coach said the man was dying. Some of the passengers went for some water, bat when it arrived he was dead. Waited until the other coach came on, and the constable in that coach, took charge of the body. Never saw deceased before, and noticed nothing peculiar about Into at Jamestown. Drove him from Hallett to Jamestown the day before. Paul Clark Thomas, of Jamestown, Wesley an minister, stated that he was son-in-law to the deceased. . He parted with him the previous morning at Jamestown, and saw him off by the mail. Perceived nothing wrongabont him. Deceased had recently suffered from palpitation of the heart, especially when walking, but was not aware how long he had been subject to it. Did not hear deceased complain while in .Jamestown. John Hohhs deposed that he was a passenger by Opie's coach on the occasion. The passengers got oat to walk np Tommy's Gap, and the coach waited on the top of the hill for them. The deceased was a little behind, and witness saw him fall down aDout iu yaros rrom tne coacn. Assisted aim, with another man, to the coach. He said he felt very lad, and he leaned back against the back of the coach as the coach started. Sang oat to Opie to pall up the coach, as the man was dying. Opie palled up, and one of the out side passengers jumped down to see what was the matter. Water was fetched, but death j bad taken place. From the time we pat ' deceased into the coach to the time of < bis death was about three minutes. When we picked him up he walked with our assis tance to the coach. Thomas Austin Sheehan, police-constable, deposed that he met the coach driven by Opie, who informed him that a man was dead in his coach. Galled upon a Mr. Phillips, a young medical gentleman, to ac company him and to see if he was dead, which he immediately did. After opening deceased's coat and vest and putting his ear to his heart he pronounced him to be dead. Took charge of the body to the hotel at Hiallett. Found no marks of violence on it. Evidence was also given by Sergeant Bentley. The Jury without retiring found that the said Fred. Benjamin Carlin had died by the visitation of God, and as a rider wished to express their opinion that the police should receive great thanks for their prompti tude and dispatch in taking charge of the body and getting the inquest on so quickly. Amendment of the Constitution.—Mr. Ward has given notice that on Wednesday, August 451, lie will move in the House of Assembly :-r "That with a view to ensure the application of the full force of representative government, it is desirable to amend the Constitution Act by providing the same discretionary power to dis solve the Legislative Council as already exists to dissolve the House of Assembly." Map of the Colony.—The Legislative Council have just received for their Cham ber a plan of the southern portion of the province as divided into counties and hundreds, showing the railways, post towns, telegraph stations, main roads, and districts, compiled from official documents in the office of the Sur veyor-General. It will be hung on rollers in the same way as the map recently fitted up in the House of Assembly by Mr. Jos. Allen. Victimized.—A smart dodger visited Glencoe Station recently, and reported that he had killed a notorious sheep-killing dog which was a great scourge to Messrs. Lindsay and Sutton. He produced the skin in proof (writes the Border Watch), and was rewarded with a cheque • for £10. He then called upon Mr. Sutton, who supplemented the reward by a cheque for £5. In a few days it transpired that the dog killed was one that had been picked up at Mount' Gambier, which had a strong likeness to the sheep-killer, which, by the way, was as lively as ever at his old vocation. Government Measures.—On Thursday next the Attorney-General will seek leave to introduce in the House ef Assembly Bills to amend the Mercantile Law Amendment Act of 1861 and to provide for the better administration of justice in the Supreme Court. SrsANDiNG of thb SuaBBAHK.—The Marine i Board met on Thursday, August 1, to pronounce ; judgment in a preliminary enquiry as. to the ' stranding of the Ellerb&nk; at Point Malcolm on i the night of July 18. The President (Captain £. H. Ferguson, S.M.) read the folio wine decision, which was also signed by Captains J. "W. Smith, J.P., and D. Tapley, and Mr. J. i Formby, J.P., Wardens" The Marine Board is of opinion that the grounding of the ship Ellerhank on the night of Jnly 18 was occa sioned (so far as the evidence adduced goes to show) by the vessel's compasses being defective throughout the passage, and that this was no doubt caused by an almost entire cargo of rail Way iron. The lead appears to have been attended to in approaching the anchorage, but the vessel get into a position different to that which the master supposed she was in, the weather at the time being so thick and squally as occasionally to obscurethe Port Adelaide light. Under the circumstances the Board con sider that the prudent coarse would have been to have put the vessel's head to sea to await daylight; otherwise the conduct of the master appears to be free from blame. The Board therefore finds:—'That no evidence has been adduced upon which to found a charge against the master.5" 1 