OF the day. .irjld thai TV.rlintnr?-1; —'11 pro- loroguod next wcc!r. M/ Berry 'goA doling tho morei: ': at the f in tho ("idparnticu at She apple- . 1 jy Estimates. Tho Attorney -U'taeral tnggid with Mr Pialayson mul ;'iessrs ,3b<J hlugiBad in liaaliy iovisiog forth.' purchase uf tho Htbsoa'a Cay linhviiy ipany'e property, j : ICho is by uo ii-'E- H"..' satis- i iorl ( '. Ills prospect' o( an cmbatqr' to | t-on-iun vi in the eoa'itry. M psomiocat laeab.--.. of the ir ; .1 ibnt "fcu'.'i.1; lection prior to the c-nihtasy is iaiiispL-- .'! i, and that i! j.ny other hobwb it foil:.- id the league aili espiess its dissent i.-oiu Far stroogar lajgua:;'.- is used than r.'a care to ptiblie!.. . Cwisg io nni.l pnuiasal rt.rsy m, :'ie part of the Toiegraph Sew>x!rj-: . . ubvural . Im- ! pat tec!- joasoaijes in c.uii, ton with, i , M>t- 'Maneueld 'y . . : voii. ..(th thi.t .piano at oetn-esa and .two . t'olocb yesterday, did not . reacii . this oiiite till .aflei-.iiix o'cioott. iVe aro . glad to sr.; soot bitahst do aot freqnently j o'xiu, tjul uo energy or uniarpiiva c.,n over come JiBicuilif')) of Ma natave, uy which j scodnis s«i deprived of the v: ty, lata-!, j il'ro.ipi! .'.he iaohos oJ fheve ov.ir.whot: j '?» havo no uiiutrol. | The irtoeneei. S'!otu<Ji«ra'Ask!i c-;;r n wait« cl I oe ib.> AtUirt.oy Ueaeral to-ilay, ni.'i a viev.1 j or iiaria the publieaDU placed on d rJurort' j I 'Mr. '.they recti ?ed an aasovavi.-s ifoiri'Sir llrynu O'Ltigiiton that if they vijhed. i-.i j ?;eivvt aavr.oir.re would' be tu>.:» by 1 .tli'i (.'ro>vu ol iboir oifer. .'Use bneikswot moat iuipoi ta. i i'.in both ' ncnw-B cf p«rli.imeut' 0 evaoi.: j Ig thn ; ; rntinip-tEd eauorowofttent of ttm f illdre of ! lbs -xakvmv. Ihal' tho osrenoj 'ot !th-. j sbaitnient whioh wtli ba made by fr Borr,. : and B:r Ohsrlua. Rlmlra will ho 'hat|.tht j conforarss fcta hgen unablo to a;:, etoan;- i ajhemoof iietliu;5 With money t ./a '.s re na cutniu iu 'aril iiifoteiiic clroles It diUirvlf to ro:! how any other ciinoluaiot j conkt fcsv# bean t-jticheu . ! 'Two boys; muceOi A 'trad ii'r.r.n ind Ed- ward Wriph', iaformcil ihv (V.llingwood police on Smntcy last that they i. ; . found ' an bxo in the \'a7ta, near t'linm !'-'ot, abou j lluoo feet from lha bank, 'i'li-- ' de wen liohing on the spot wiseu umy and the kxo, which v'f.e ooT'jrod by a ht... If stones, j i ami firmly embedded in the mud. The axe had evidently been lying there for some timet and the blade was tbickly covered with rust. The police have it under consideration whether there is any connection between this aud the mysterious disappearance of Mrs Farrell. The axe has not yet been exnmined by tbo Government analytical chemist, bat will be sent to that officer, with a view of determining whether there ie any trace of blood about tbe implement. Tho election for the vacant seat in the Oily Council for Victoria Ward, caused by tbe resignation of Or Arnold, took place to day. Tho candidates were Messrs Gpnn, Wharton, and Waxman. The friends of each candidate worked hard. The proceed ings were, however, very orderly, Sqniba abounded, tempered with good humor; end it ie noticeable that each one of the candidates has been anxions to impress upon the ratepayers that there is not a spark of personal animus in the contest, Tho re sult will be known in the Victoria Hall, JJrnmmond street, by abont five o'clock. Affaire at Messrs Wright and Orr's dock have taken another turn, which uoome quite as .inexplicable aa any of tho previous manoeuvres of the Harbor Trust, and leaves things in mnoh the same state as at first. Yesterday afternoon tbe War hawk got np steam and backed out of the dock, and, much to tbe surprise of the dock hands, came to anchor farther up the river alongside Borne punts. The dredge Platypus then hauled across the entrance of the dock, and began to lift the clay from the bottom of the river. At present tbe dook bands are endeavoring to Blide the sunken pontoon farther into the dock by means of a grapple and chain- tackle. As soon as this is accomplished, it is intended to raise the door of the dock again into its place, and then get np steam and pump the water out, which will be pro bably effected late this evening. The deck ie cot in any way damaged, and when pumped dry will be in as good working order as ever it was, The steamer was in a rather awkward position in tbe dock entrsnoe, as whenever the tide wbb low she rested upon the ennken punt, and yesterday, when there waa a most ex traordinarily low tide, she had a list to port. Tbis probably decided the step which was taken this morning, the safety of tbe steamer being at stake. How ever, as the Platypns continues at work right across the entrance of the dook, it is Impossible to take a veBBel in, bnt other wise everything is in the same state bb it was before the dispute arose. Tbe Land Tax Commission still drags . along, The Commissioners sat again to-da; in the old TreaBnry buildings, bnt little of importance was effected. The appeal of Colin Campbell Finlay against the classifi cation of 3879 acres in the county of Bogoag, placed by tbe Crown in the first class was considered. The|cl»Baifiers were examined ihis.morning, and their examination lasted the whole ot the forenoon. There were no withdrawals or decisions. A deputation, consisting of the members of tbe School Board of Adviae of the town of Hotham, with Mr Cooke, M.Ij.A. at ita head, and introduced by Or Clark, waited on the mayor aod councillors of tbe town of Hotham last night. The object of the deputation was to endeavour to place beforo the council tbe necessity of constrnoting public baths in the town. Mr Cooke urged that as the children of the State Schools had to learn swimming, it would bB us well to teach them that art io their own town instead of Bending them all the way to Sand- ridge, and expose them to needless danger. Ho further pointed out that the baths oould be ntilised by the public generally, and he was sure that advantage ol it would be taken by many persons who could not enjoy this luxury in their own houses. Ors Laurens and Clark snpported the movement, and tbe conneil approved unanimously of tho ides. The mayor, in reply, said he fully . recognised the necessity of erection nnhlm i Jronrud-.-rii omr; Jiir!. | t .u ; i-l 'ti . Ui; L-X lioo» cum vuia oYeuiOg cu Anhuiy u HoiiBi, Dram- mond street. / Mr Evans, hairdresser, who was charged the other day with acting in contravention of . the Sunday Trading Act, by shaving cus tomers on tbnt morning, appeared before . tbe City Court tbis morniDg;and on tbe police : stating that since then bis establishment had ,'been rigorously kept closed, Mr Call remitted the fine. A somewhat novel attempt at fraud came before tbe City Court this morning. It ap pears from tbe statements made by Detective Lomax, who applied for a ramand, that the 'prisoner, on asking at the Post-office for a -letter, received ' ono addressed to anether person of tbe same name. This ad vised that a letter was now lying at tho office of Messrs Lorimer, Marwood, and Bome, con taining a post-offico order. This order he .went for, and, by representing himself ae the person to whom it was really addressed, ob tained, and, by aid of tho information therein contained, enshed it and spent the 'money. Tbe magirtrateB granted the remand asked for by the detective. Wo have been requested to notify that entries for all handicaps for the Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting close with Mr R. 0\. Bagot, Melbourne, at 4 p.m., and with the hoc, secretary, Royal Hotel, Sandhurst, at 8 p.m., this evening. The police want an owner fur a counter pane, found in tbo possession of a woman at firm o'clock this morning, under suspicious co;'. I... ,i by Constable Oahill in the Osrii,-" ''to-.-..'.ns. . 'I'iy tench set tbis morning as a LicniiSiiii? i 'o rt. 'The lollowlng transfers of pnb'ioai'.o' : . nses were granted; — For the John iif.il 'IV tra, 'Little Collins street, from ; ) n't: r, Rigby to John Maokay ; for tho Vine b'jMii, Wellington Btrcet, Oollingwood, from Tbcamt ffno v lea to Charles Council ; for the Si. Kildr. Fe.mily hotel, Clyde' street, St. JCiUta, /sr:a I'enry Salt to Sydney Jewett ; for ibi Vict.. > hotel, Sandridge, from Jane i Atecan -y John JameB Smith ; for the Adelaide !.; I, Wellington atreet, Prahran, from O&h; i- Cooper to Goorge Emery; for Mju Ito:,". el,' Rose atreet, Fitzroy, from 'obi. lii.l; . | to Patrick Baggy, Mr Call it, each n ado a aaarohing inquiry into 'he eharas and position of tho trans ferees. D'Arcv B; \o't Ghost entertainment at. tho Ai'rjirtut.s J7, .11 iB beooming very popular, am! among t -tie nightly andiencoB are large - numbers of . id Idren. Tbe little ones do not c ha ii ' be slightest degree frightened s- nuiiCi'- -'.mills? apparitions, but catch to-ib : /, ? .ipeotof the performance, and ; no-' heartily. Parents should look if;-"- ' "t uri 'tainment as a good means of < e li. children's minds against the ir . d .: .- -ton nursery, and of pointing ont 't i iter all are bnt theatrical ' : ' .'St. 1"- ig columns Mr J. II. Knipo an- s ' " Ivo auction ealo of properties at r. i .tn. .TOW. !< cd from tho nublisbors, Messrs ' r- i«: Io., tho " Mualcri Snuff Jlox," a1? t '. .cdby Modamo Victorinc Peit and . jw : - t, at tho Promenade Popular Con- -» . i.i : jV. Uall, Molbourno. .. ft <>: ' Uitorsto tho National Muaoum of i in.. «: -to"y - id Geology for thowcckanding 2Gth -<i The Museum is opon to tho .i:i ; c u:. ! oxvoptcd), from 10 a.m. till . p.m., t 1 itlonal Museum building at tho Ol Diol/m.fftrity. 