AMATEUR PERFORMANCE. -4---- On Monday evening a performance took place at tile Atllentum Hall, and there was a largo and nppreciative audience. The fltst piece on the programme being the farce of "Kiss in the Dark," the part of '" Pottibone" being well played by Mr O. lnamen, who was very amusing as the jealous husband and received great applnuse. Mr Howard as "Frank Fathom" also did well, playing easily, and making the hits tIl. As " Mrs Pettibone" Miss Wright, and Miss Simpson as " Mary" contributed murch to the success of the piece, which was not allowed to flag for one moment from commenceonet to finish. and it was well received throughout. After the Sareo Mr T. Cronin gave thu "Ghost" in Ilamlet, and for an Amateur certainly rendered the words far above our expectations, and doubtless we shall see more of this gentleman. " Clareces l)ream," delivered by Mr A. Ihmnea was very artistically spoken, proving this gentleman to be an apt and able scholar of the immortlnl bard, being perfect to the letter, and having a thorough kInowle.lge of the character lhe impersonated. 'ltlen followed Boulcicault'a " Octoroon," and was it not for want of space, more jnstice shoult be done to tihe several ladies and gentleman engaged therein. Mire Mills as "'Mrs Peyton" deserves much credlit for tile able manner in which shte went through her long part, ant ad evidetntly studied the character, which enabled iher to do ample justice thereto, of Mr Lipscombe'e " Salem Scudder," too much cannot in justice ba said, a heie not only played the part well, knew the words of the text, but looked the honest Yanlto C the life, its also did Mlr C. IInmen as " Jacob M'Cloaky." IIe played the villain so well that one could not help disliking him, anti when lie bid for tile "Octoroon" at the sale we nearly felt inclined to hiss him,--o well did he portray the evil points in the unpleasant character allotted him. " Dorn," by Miss Connal and " Zoo" by Miss Wright found character to suit them, and all the rest of performers might be favorably spoken of had we room in this issue but cannot close these remarks without a word of praise for poor ol 'eato" which character, in the hands of DMr Richie, was a decided success. We must now con clude by remarking the scenery painted for thIe occasion by Mr C. Ilannea was very much admired, and reflected great credit on that gentleman, and certainly proved thant lie is good at anything he undertakes. May he nndertake the like again. and again. The hall was also decoratedl entirely anow by the samne gentleman, and certainly it is much improved thereby. 