I I PASTORAL NEWS, STOCK MOVEMENT6 1 AND MARKETS. Nabbabri. Stock and , Station Report.- June 7,1878.-We have no change to report as regards the weather. Grass and water are failing, slowly but surely, and unless a change should shortly take' pin ce, lambing and shearing will be remafknbly un- satisfactory. Every now and then there are indica- tions of the change that comes not. For the last three ur four days it has looked like ran, but the otherwise welcome rain has not put in an appear- ance. This is bad enough for our own immediate neighbourhood, but'the accounts from outside are, from day to day, worse and woko. Even in thin neighbourhood things are anything but satisfactory; feed is falling off, and though water is still plentiful, prospects are bad. Passings have been as follows : -On the 7th, 360 mixed cattle, A. Roger's, these are for hiB Pottinger run, Tamworth, J. Heydon in charge; on the 1st June, 34 bullocks, T, Cook's, Turanville, for Pqckataroo, Pritchett in charge ,- on the 3rd, 76 mixed cattle and bulls, from Piercefleld, for D. Cameron's Wild Horse Plains, Queensland, Thornton in charge; KOO mixed sheep, W. Hocken's, from Merigalah, for his selection, Merah, (owner) driving ; on the 4th, 1776 fat sheep, Hamlet Fletcher and Co.'s, Boolcarrol, for Sydney, John Galvin in charge ; on the 6tb, 7000 wethers, Canvin and Buck- nall's, Yarrawee, are awaiting inspection (by buyers) below Molly, Osborne in obarge ; 8920 mix< d sheep, Woolsey's and Co.'s from Dangar Bros., Myall Creek, for their station Gilgalman Creek, Waitera in charge, crossed at Molly en route for their destination ; on the 6th Gee crossed at Molly with 700 mixed cattle, Doyle, Bros., from Gramen, travelling towards Forbes for s«le ; 63 mixed CRttle, J. Taylor's, Dobi- kin, for Maitland, C. Huggins in .charge,-Narrabri Herald. Foiibi-s Stock Repobt,-Another week has passed and we are still without rain. There have been severe frosts nearly every morning. Within the last twenty- faur hours, however, another change has set in ; the cold piercing wind lins dropped, the clouds are much lower and look more promising than they bave done for days past. In the imme- diate neighbourhood of Forbes, grass is exceedingly bare, and although stock have not suffered much from scarcity of feed, we cannot hope that they will retain their condition during the winter, unless the much needed rain comes soon and abundantly. The lambing on many stations has been got through fairly well, but the continued dry weather will have a deteriorating effect on both the quantity and quality of the incoming clip. It Hffúcts all trans actions in steck, as may be seen by the meagre reports which have reached us of late, nor cm we hope for a better stiwe of things until the change comes. The following are the passings for the week.-700 sheep, Mr. ThomaB Leslie, owner, in charge; 60Ü0 sheep, Mr. H. Grand in charge; 2430 sheep, Mr, J. R. Hume's, Mr. E, H. Turner in charge, St. Baker and Harwood report sale by auction in Sydney by their Sydney agents of 2000 fat wethers, on account of Messrs. C. E. Pearson and Co,, and have this week started another lot ot 30-0 for sams miirket.-Forbes Times, June 8. Deniliquin Stock Bepobt.-June 7, 1878. During the week the weather has been variable,eome days beautifully fine, though the niyhte were very cold, and then some severe frosts. Yesterday it was cold and cloudy during the early part of the day, and in the afternoon a little rain fell. At Deniliquin, Wooldridge and Wren report the sale of 39 head o'f cattle, stores and fat, by auction, at prices ranging from £3 10j to £7 16s. James Mann also sold by auction on Thursday, 150 head of store cattle, in emu 11 lots, at satisfactory prices; and Gibsone, Braim and Co. report sale of 240 store bullocks, on account of J. E. Haslirgden ; and have 400 bullocks, now near Conargo, tor sale, 116 fat cattle have started from Uabba, Lachlan River (Dr. Dickson'«), and will truck at Deniliquin ; 6UO0 fat sheep have left Yancauniu (Reid and Shaw's); 710 i at bullocks (Robertson Brother*') from Comouincon, Bulloo River, Queensland, are now between Menindie and Pooncarie ; and 241 fat cattle have started from J. Tyson's Juanbung station-all consigned to R. Gib- son and Co.. Melbourne. On Monday next 11 trucks of fat sheep, from Benduck, will load at Deniliquin, consigned to the same agents, and on the same day nineteen trucks from Moonbria, consigned to W. and J. Raleigh. 8000 sheep from Beemery are reported «ia hftincr hptwpun hfirfi And Hav_P/wfnrnt 7*.«i#». Brewarrina Stock Report.-Since our last issue there hns been no change in the weather to report ; the nights are becoming decidedly sharp, and must tell heavily upon poor stock. With scarcely an exception the lambing this j ear will bo nothing; in fact, one flockowner told us he jaw nothing for it but to kill the lambs to save the ewes. Such a state of affair?, it can readily be understood, has a depressing effect upon business of all kinds. Not the most pleasant feature in the prospect is the fact that should rain come this month, us predicted, in sufficient quantities to do permanent'good to vegetation, the deaths among weak cattle and sheep will be something enormous We would guard our readers at a distance against being misled by glow- ing telegrams when min does come. The town of Brewarrina is only a dot in the district, and we ad- vise our readers to take very little notice of tele- grams sent off betöre the drip from the roofs has ceased, as such can be no guide whatever as to the actual amount of good done. A mob of Beemery cattle passed through during the week, in charge cf Mr. King; destination and number we did no1 ascertain. It is strange that there should be such indifference on the part of some drovers, and a positive disinclination on the part of others to furnish us with information as to the stock under their charge. We are anxious to furnish the fullest information in stock matters, and hope both owners and drovers will assist us in this respect.-Barwon Argus, June 5, _ Boülke Stock Kkport.-June 2nd.-We are yet without rain, although we have been informed that a smart shower fell between this and Cobar. The absence of rain means absence of feed and conse- quent absence of business. Mr. Hatton, of Tanda, has sold to Mr. KeyB, of Wilcannia, 200 young heifers at £2 each. Delivery on the run. He has also sold tea bulls to Mr, O'Donnell, of Cooper's Creek. And is sending' 80u head of cuttle up the Bogan in charge of Mr. Flunigan. The stock move- ments at Hillston, our correspondent informs us, wer,B as follows:-May lOtb, 3550 ewe« and rams from Tanco for Toorale, Mr. D. M'lntyre in charge. 12th, another mob (of which I could cain no particulars) passed from the aura» place. 15th. 8000 Mt wethers from Belalie for Melbourne, Mr. D, Wallace in charge. These «heep were very fat. ¿Oth, 8000 young wethers from Wagu« to Hay for sale, Mr. P. Rue in charge. Weather continues fine and cold.-Bourke Telegraph. Wagga Wagga Stock Rkpobt -June 7 : Tie proB|jtcts of the season bave no v been unfavourable for some time pa-t, and it is much feared that the drought will be continued through the winter. On nil sides feed is brown and abort, and so far no rain, sufficient for supplying the tanks und dain>- in the buck, has fallon, Stock keep in moderatt-ly good condition, it is true, but unless rain cornea in larger quantities, the consequences will be most disastrous to all interested in grazing. Last night a little rain tell, and there h uve been slight showers during the day. At about six o'clock mis evenir g it began to fall steadily, and with every appearance of a con- tinuance. We have experienced so rosny disap- pointments from the promises of clouds tbat most people are beginning entirely to distrust »ny pro« spert of rain. There hate been some remarkably he-vy frosti during the week notnbly on Monday and two following nights. From Cootamundra, we leura that the weather has been cbangeab'e, with light rains, scarcely penetrating the , surface. Towards Jerilderie, the weather hits bean mild and geuial, threatening rain, but none bus fnilent The frosts are telling on the grass. Down the. river they hiive occasional frosty nights and log«* mornings. On the b.dw»rd the weather has been fine ; feed' and water for pastoral purposes are plentiful. lu the Manaro district the weather bus b en I ros ty with occasional fogs. The stock trnnsuction« are-this week very few. MessrBAWilkinson, Hann, Miucbin, and Co, report :-Mr. J. H' Donald bas sold 252 store bullocks to Mr. P. RogeB. The same «dents have delivered the following stack: - 2100 wethere, bought by Mr. Smith tor Mr. K.jf. Bond ; 134 bullocks sold to Mr. J. H. Spiller, of Imbbo, by Air. Lawson ; 195' bullocks bought from Mr. R T. Rirby, by Mr, Ji Clark.- Wagga Wagija mxp\ ess, i Haï Stock RhpobtI-June 5.-Since Saturday lfst, the weather has been dry and bitierly -old in this district, a steady south wind having set io en Saturday morhing. In the following report of movements of fat stock, it will be seen that Berry's tax on Riverina stock crossing the border is bearing fruit that differs widely trcm what he intenued to reap, two more large lots »! fat sheep Irom this dis* trict having just started for Sydney via Bathurst and Cootamundra, where they are trucked for that market:-4000 Yandembah sheep were to travel to- wards Hay for sale about the end of last week ; 4350 sheep left Tupra station on the 29th Muy, for Mel b lurno via Maude and the Dry Luke ; about 1000 fat wethers were started from North Merrowie on the 27th May, for Sydney via Bathurst, in ch rge of Mr. R. Denis; 3288 fat wethers were started from Wooyeo station on 31st May, for Melbourne, to travel via Hay and Deniliquin, Mr. J Percival in charge; 4000 fat wethers Mi Groongal on the'28th May, for Sydney, via Cootamundra, Mr. E. Slade in charge, 1050 store ewes were to leave Mr. Frear son's, Cochran's Creek, on 3rd June, for Mr. Macrea, of Tarrawonga, Our Hillston correspondent reports the following stock movements for the past week: -May 26th, 233 head store cattle for Hay, owner (Mr. C. Reynolds) in charge. 29th, 670 head stere cattle from Willandra for Coree (Billabong), Mr. Dickens in charge. The following have crossed at Hay since last issue :-June 1, 245 rams for Messrs. Reid and Shaw, Yancannia station, from Barra Jarra, James A. Scott in charge ; 2000 fat wethers from Benduck, Mr, Skene in charge, for Melbourne ; 17,001 store sheep for Gal Gal station on the Dar- ling; 12,000 store sheep from Teryawynia to Groon- gal. June 2, 8000 fat wethers, Mr. Robert Scott's, from Beemery, David Wallace in charge, for Mel- bourne. June 3, 3000 fat wethers from Benerem- bah, Mr. E. Smith in charge, for Melbourae. The river at Hay is 2 feet six inches above summer level, stationary. -Riverine Grazier, Bay.-The same paper says on Saturday, June 8, the river at Hay is 2 feet 6 inches above summer level, stationary. The following stock have crossed at Hay since our .'ast issue .'-June 5,500 store cattle from the Darling to Groongal, Mr M'Millan in charge. June 6, 7008 store sheep from the Merool, Mr. D. Macgregor ia charge, travelling up the south tor sale ; 10,000 store sheep, Mr. Ricketson'«, came down the south side, travelling to Barratta, George Boyne in charge. June 7, 600. store sheep came down the south «ide, the Eroperty of Mr. Swift, for the Lachlan river, Mr. arge in charge. Melbodbnb Lite Stock Market.-June 6. Richard Gibson, and Co., report-Fat Cattle : About 1,300 bead came to hand. 300 were from Riverina, the balance being chiefly small lots from the Gipps Land district, of medium to prime quality. Sales opened at an advance of about 10s per head, but the market was very unsteady throughout We quote: Best bullocks, ¿'IO to ill 10a; seconds, £8 to £9 ; best cows to £7 10s; seconds to £6 10s We sold 22 bullocks for Mr. E. Charsley, Fern Tree Gully, at £6 17s Gd ; 19 cows for Mr. W, J. Clarke. Bolinda Vale Estate, up to £7 5s, and averaging £5 18s 6d ; 12 bullocks for Mr. Joseph Beattie, Rosedale, up to ill, and averaging £9; 6 cows for Mr. Jas M'Clel land, Footscray.-Fat Sheep; The number in this week's market-viz, 11,342-were principally good quality, with a few very prime amongst them, about equal proportions of crossbreds and merinos, Prices for best descriptions were firm at fully last week's rates, whilst second class and inferior sorts were a little easier. We quote :-Best merino wethers Ida to 16s ; good, 13s lid to 14s Gd ; seconds, 12s' to 13s ; others, 9s up ; best ewes, 1 Is Gd to 12s 6d ; good, 10s Gd to 11s ; seconds, 9s to 10s ; others, 6s up ; best crossbred wethers, 17s to 18s (extra, 22s) ; seconds, 15s to 16s ; others^ 12s 6d up ; ewes at proportionate rates. We sold-\604 ewes and wethers for the late John Dickson, Carroonboon station ; 1218 ewes and wether» for Messrs. Geo. Holloway and Co., Boort station ; 548 ewes and wethers for Mr Daniel Mackinnon, Marida Yallock ; 423 wethers for Messrs. Campbell Bros., Riddell'« Creek; 261 ewes and wethers foi Mr. George Grant, Myrniong ; 238 ewes from Rocklank Estate, and 237 wethers from Bolinda Vale Estate, for Mr. W. J. Clarke ; 222 wethers for Mr. P,aGrant, Myrniong; 182 wethers for Mr. R. W. Pullin, Woodlands ; 72 ewes for Dr. Plummer, Wyabun Eaft- ; 25 ewes for Mr. J. Temple- ton, Wharparella. Prills ranging to 16a for merino wethers; to 12a 6o,¿foV merino ewes; to 18a for crossbred wethers ; and to 17s for crossbred ewes. 8tore Stock : There -is ho alteration of any conse- quence to report 'in 4%3 description of stock,' in- quiries being still nura*0ua for good sound yowie sheep, whilst the demajd for cattle is not so good. Quotations unaltered. (We have sold-On account of Messrs. W. T. and (j Allen, Warrion Hills, 1000 crossbred wethers, 6-tô6|h, at a satisfactory price. T M), I Tripling ABQUftG} i08ts - Rather a peouliar oaBe (says the A'cAuca Advertiser of Wednesday last) is sot downer, loaring at tho Heathcote County Court, tosco imonoo sitting on Friday next, before bis Hpju . judg0 B1Dd0Dt At the intorseotion of Poh n3D anj High streets, Heathoota, is situai«) a brcwory, which has besa untonanfed for a<Ufoj time paßt, and was said t» have been the < fous 0f a gb0Bt, some white object having freù>t iy boen scon patrolling the prennBos at thpjpjfl 0 hour- A young gentle- man, living not far gf wa9 efiCOriiDg a young lady home one evenii Z) Bome tw0 months einoo, and when passing th Bupernatural's promenade, beheld a white*objee j" front of bim. Without moro ado, he ru*he { forwara and struok the supposed ghost »the« rj Wo(T w¡th nÍB walking atiok. However» Jib, ^host proved to be sub- stantial flesh and bon t¡ intho 8hape of a daughter of a trooper, and ' b0 wa8 qriietly talking at the place with á \má, sho being dressed in a light; coloured dn « Negotiations at an ?mioabla settlement 'a«*g faded, the father of the injured intends1 lofbiing an aotion in the County Court to reo \,M £200 damages A oontrivanca for sustaining the sound« cn the pianoforte without interfering with the usual form of structure otfthe instrument, has been invented by LuigiJJaldera, Tarin, and recently patented by Mcafta. Kidman and Son,! of London. The mélhanism consists of a simple and ingenious arrlDgemeut of small hammers, attaohed to a oylilder wbioh is set in motion by a pedal. Duringjfche rotation of the oylinder eontinuouB vibration of the Btrings is produoed» 