HOW TO CONFIRM THE WITNESS OP CHRIST. A SEIMON BY EEV. C. H. SrunGEON. "Even as the testimony of Christ waa confirmed in you."-1 Con. i. G. There nra two pointB in this passage-the witness of Christ needs to he confirmed in ourselves, and it needs to be confirmed in others. I. First, [then, to every Christian the witness of Chribt needs to be confirmed in'his own heart. Oh, beloved, this is tho best; confirmation of Gospel tiuth which overy Christian carries about with him. I love Butler's "Analogy;" it ia a powerful book. I love Paley's "Evidences," but I never need them myself for my own use. I do not want any proof that tho Bible ÍH true. "Why ? Because it ia confirmed in me. There ia a witness which dwells iu me, which makes me bid defiance to all infidelity. I do not care to read books opposing the truths of tho Bible ; I never waut to wade through mire for the purpose of washing myself afterwards. Whon I am asked to read an heretical book, I think of good John Newton. Dr. Taylor, of Norwich, said to him, "Have you road my 'Key to the Romans ?' " "I have turned it"over," said Newton.-.' You have turned it over!" said the Doctor ; "and is thia the treatment a book must meet with which haB cost me so many years of hard study ? You ought to have read it carefully and weighed deliberately what comes forward on so serious a subject." "Hold," said Newton ; " you have cut me out em- ployment for a life aa long aa Methuselah's. My lifo is too short to be spent in reading contradictions of my religion. If the first page tells me the man is un- dermining truths, it ia enough for me. If I find the first mouthful pf a joint tainted, I do not want to eat it through to be convinced I ought to send it away." Having the truth confirmed in us, we can laugh all argumenta to scorn ; we are plated in a sheet of mail when we have a witness within us to God's truth. All the men of this world cannot make us alter one single iota of what God has written within us. 1\. Ali, brethren and sisters, we want to have the truth confirmed in us. Let me tell you a few things that will do this. Firat, the very fact of our conver- sion tends to confirm UB in tçie truth. " Oh," cays the Christian, " do not tell me there ia no power in religion, for I have felttffclT I was thoughtlesa, like others ; I laughed religion to acorn, án^ iih^sa who attended to it ; my language ¡was, Let ua eat, drink, and enjoy tho sunshine ¡of life j but now, = through Christ Jesus, I find the Bible a honeycomb,'which hardly needs to be pressed to let the drops of honey run out ; it is so sweet and precious to the taste that I wish I could sit down and feast on my Bible for ever." , What has made thia alteration ? That ia how the Christian reasons. He says, " There- must be a power in grace, otherwise I should never be so changed as I am ; there must be truth in the Christian religion, otherwise thiB change never would have come over me." Some men have ridiculed religion and ito f"1 lowers, and yet Divine grace has been'so mighty, chat tho"<e very men have become converted and felt the new birth. Such men [cannot bo argued out of tho truth of that religion. Yon may stand and talk to them [from dewy morn to setting eve, but you can never get them to believe that there is not truth in God's word. They have the truth confirmed in them. 2\. Then, again, another'thing confirms the Christian in his truth, and that is, when God answers his prayers. I think that this is one of the strongest confirmations of truth when we^ fbad God hears us. Now I Bpeak to you on this point of things which I have tasted and handled. The wicka'* <nan will not believe this ; he will say, " Ah, go and tell those who know no better." I say I have proved the power of prayer a hundred times, because I have gone to God and asked him for mercies, and have had them. "Ah," say somo, "it is only just in the common course of providence." Common course of provi- dence ! It is a blessed courso ot providence. If you had been in my position you would not havo said that ; I have seen it just aa if God had rent the hea- vens, and put his hand out, and said, "There, my child, is the mercy." It has come so plainly out of the way, that I could not call it a common courso of providence. Sometimes I have been depressed and downcast, and even out of heart at coming to (stand before this multitude, and I have said, " What shall I do ? I could fly anywhere rather than come here any more." I have aßked God to bless me, and send me words to say, and then I havo felt filled to the brim, KO that I could come be- fore this congregation, or any other. Is that a com- mon course of providence ? It is a special providence -a special answer to prayer. And there be some who can tum to the pages of their diary, and see there God's hand plaiuly interposing, We can say to the infidel, "Bsgono! the truth is confirmed in us, and so confirmed that nothing can drive us out of it." 3\. You have liad the truth confirmed in you, my dear friends, when you have found great support in times of affliction and tribulation. Some of you have passed through trouble, for we can never expect a congregation which ia free from it. Some of you have been tried and have been brought very low. And can- not you say, with David, " I was brought low and the Lord helped me ?" Can you not think how well you bore that last trouble? When you lost your child, yon thought that you could not bear it so well asj'oudid; but j'ou said, "The Lord gave and the Lord taketh away, blessed be the name of the Lord." Many of you have loved ones under the sod : your mother, father, husband, or wife. You thought yotir heart would break when you lost your parents ; but is not the promise true-" If thy father or thy mother forsake thee, the Lord will take thee up ?" Ile told thee, woman, that Ile woxild be a father to thy chil- dren : and hast thou not found it BO? Canst thou not say, "Not one good thing has failed of all the Lord has promised?" This is the beat confirmation of the truth of God. Sometimes persons como to me in the vestry, and they want me to confirm tho truth outside of them. I cannot do that ; I want thom to have the truth confirmed within themselves. They say, "How do you know the Bible is true?" " Oh," I say, " I never have to ask such questions as that now, because it is confirmed in mo. The Bishop has confirmed me-I mean THE BISHOP OV SOULS HAS CONFIRMED ME, for I was never confirmed by any other, and so con- firmed me in truth that no ono can confirm mo out of it. I say, try religion yourself, and you will see its power. You Btop outbide the house, and you want mo to prove what Í3 inside the house. Go in yourself -taste and see that the Lord is good." Oh, it ia a blessed thing to trust in Him. Thia ia the best way of conGrming the truth. II. Tho second thought is, that it is our (business j not only to have the truth confirmed in our own aoulp, but GO to live that we may bo tho means pf ,'con I firming the truth in others. Do you know what.Bible the wicked and worldly man reads? He does not j read this Bible at all. He retida tho Christian. " There," says ho, " that man goes to church, and ho is a member; I will see how he livet-I will read him np und down ;" and he watches him and reads his con- duct. If he is bad, he says, " Religion is a farce but if he ia a man who lives up to it, ho says, " There ia something in religion, after all." Wicked men do not read tho Bible. ; they read Christians ; thoy road professors and members. They watch them, to see how thoy live, with a careful eye. Christians have got Argus with a hundred eyes Btaring on them. The wicked world looks at every fault with a mag- nifying glass, and they make the smallest molehill into the greatest mountain ; and if thero is a moto in our eye they will make it into a benin, and they will I aay the man is a hypocrite at once. It is the duty of every child of God so to livo that ho may confirm the witnes« of Christ. We öhould labour to do it in all the common things of daily life, " Whether you eat, or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God." Some men think that religion lies in great things. It does not ; it lies in little things. That man who died last night, and went to heaven ; if you ask what hia life waa tho day he died-why, he ate, he drank, there waa nothing particular about tho day. Take any one day of our lives : we eat, drink, rise iu the morning, go to bed at night-no- thing very particular about the day. Our life is made up of little things ; and if we are not careful of little tuingB, we shall noti>e careful of great ones. If we do not take care of little things, the great ones must go wrong. Uh, may you have grace so to live that^he world may find no fault in you ; and if in little things they see an exactness and almost precision-and too much decision will be better than the looseness of the morals of some professors- then they will say, " There is something in religion ; that man's life has con- firmed it in my mind, because he lives up to it." Then, again, if you can bear the taunts of wicked men, without returning them, that will be a way of confirming religion. Oh, when I have entered into a controversy with some men, and have been betrayed into the heat of temper, I could have bitten my fingers off that I should have done so. If you can keep your temper when men laugh at yon, and if, when they revile you, you do not return it, you will confirm the truth. They will say, " There is .something in that man, otherwise he could not go keep his temper." You have read of James Haldane. Once, when un- converted, he threw a ship's tumbler at the head of the poison who insulted him ; but when regenerated, on another occasion of insult, he simply said, " I would resent it, but I have learned to forgive injuries, and overlook insults." Men were obliged to say of him, "There is something in religion which can bring such a lion as that down, and make him such a lamb." Thus you will confirm the witness of Christ, if you can bear un against persecution. If you can bear the laugh and jeer of wicked men patiently, you will con- firm the truth. Ah, my friends, to close ; the last confirmation you and I will ever be able to give to the witness of Christ is coming very soon. There is an hour when we shall no longer be able to confirm the truth ; for we must die, and that ia the best confirmation of a man's prin ciples, when he-dies well. Oue of the noblest con- firmations of the Christian religion is the fact that a man dies a peaceable, a happy, and triumphant death. Oh, if, when you come to die, you are able to say, " O death, where is thy sting ? O grave, where is thy victory ?" and if you can grasp the tyrant death in your hand, and hurl him to the ground, and triumph in IHim who said, " O death, I will be thy plagues ; _0 grave, I will be thy destruction !"-if you can die without fear, or repining, or remorse, knowing j that you aré forgiven-if you can die with tho song of victory on your lip, and with tho smile of joy upon your countenance, then thou wilt confirm the witness of Christ. j Once more, let ma, in conclusion, urge you, as fol- lowers of Christ Jesus, as " those whom He has loved with an everlasting love," as heirs of immortality, as those who have been rescued from the pit of destruc- tion, as professors of religion, as members of a Chris- tian Church, let me beseech you to make it your firet and last object to confirm the witness of Christ. Wherever you are, whatever you are doing, say within yourself, " I must so live and dio that I may confirm the witness of Christ ; I mußt so walk amongst my friends and neighbours, that they will see there is a truth and a power in religion." And let me warn you not to undertake this in your own strength, you i will want fresh power from on high from the Holy I Ghost. Get a fresh supply of grace at the throne. You j waut fresh p^wer from the throne of heavenly grace. It is a good plan that some persons adopt, when they get home from a sermon, they have a few minutes in prayer with their God. It is a blessed way of clinch- ing the nail, and making a sermon tell. Ah, if you can go homo and say, "I solemnly vow-yet I vow not in my own strength, but I solemnly vow I by Thy grace-that from this moment hence I forward it Bhall be my aim to live more as a confirmer of the truth ! I did not know my high standing be- fore, but I know, now, that I am a confirmer of the truth. Lord, help me so to live, that there may never be any flaw in my conduct, never any vile word pro- ceed from my lips ; make me so to live that I may confirm the truth ; Lord hel^ me to confirm tho wit- ness of Christ !" Go and register that vow, and that resolution, and seek God's grace, that you may not let it lie there a vow uncarried out ; but you may be able to live to the glory of God, and to the honour of His blessed name by the help of His grace. 