FROM ®Ir.e tomb lor tyit tonktrt: A Narrative belonging to the Nineteenth Century. BY A CHURCHMAN. CHAPTER IX. — Continued. It is exceeding likely that Florence herself did not at the beginning suspect the master sentiment that lay hid in the recess of her heart, at first as an infant, diminutive and weak, but increasing in dimensions and strength aB time advanced and daily intercourse and observation nourished and cherished it. Per haps the Reverend Cornelius himself paw more of the sentiment than Bhe did whom it was mastering, and with all his Romanism he re- joicedjtliat no vows were imposed on him hostile to the' hopes which such a discovery inspired. He would indeed have been more than human to resist the fascinations that enwreathed the, fair form of Florence Rumford, so greatly en hanced by the high cultivation of mind and manners for which she was distinguished. He saw in her, morever, one of the richest trophies of Mb pastoral achievements in the parish. She had above all others taken the impress of his mind and will ; and surely none could be a help more "meet" for him than she whom he had him self moulded into her present shape of faith and practice, as though from the first he had con templated the formation of an alter ego or second self, with, as it wore, only one mind and soul between tliem. Mr. Bayley had reason to feel proud of the conquest he had made, for Florence was not one easily won. She had had, as the saying is, several offers already, and her father and mother feared that, in her imperous self- will and impatience of all restraint, she would continue to reject the advances of eligible young men, and thus mar their fond anticipation of seeing her a happy wife and mother, adorning some bright and peaceful home, and so relieving their minds from all concern for her future earthly welfare. They saw with much anxiety her distasto for domestic enjoyment, and her leaning towards that class of young ladies who are not content with being women, and being loved and prized in that condition, hut must affect masculine sentiments, and aspire to the avocations of men. To do Mrs. Rumford justice, she had never herself made that mistake. She had indeed sought and obtained a supremacy which neither nature nor revelation assigns to the weaker vessel, but it was only within the precints of the domestic circle that she committed the error of arrogating to herself a position to which she was not entitled, and the effect was, as it always is, disastrous for all parties concerned ; but she never aimed at carrying her disaffection to God and nature's law out of doors, or de manded a place on a level with man in the arena of political and social, conflict, for which he is mentally and physically fitted, and for which she is not. With all her ambition to rule, and her practical sovereignty at the parsonage, for which perhaps the parson was more to be blamed than the parson's wife,' she was still womanly in her deportment, and not only did not adopt the character of a " strong- minded woman," but always expressed aversion to any one who was known and acted as such. A mother's eye was quick to discern in Florence symptoms of impatience with her position as a female which rather alarmed her. She heard her, too, uttering sentiments from time to time which she knew were those of a school which she dreaded, and therefore it was not without considerable relief she thought she saw indications of a growing attachment between her and Mr. Bavlev. Being herself now one of that gentleman's devoted adherents, and quite prepared to go any lengths with him in his \ retrogressive projects, she was not the least disturbed by thoughts of the position which her daughter should hold as the wife of an extreme Ritualist, pledged to all Roman doctrine and practice, and consequently to the overthrow of that Reformation under which he and her husband held their position and enjoyed their incomes as clergymen of the Church of England. She had got beyond all consciousness of the manifest dishonesty of eating the Church's bread while doing the work of the Church's enemies. Whether her husband had done so she cared not to consider, as she had long ceased to regard him as a court of ultimate appeal. He was pleased to think that his dear child would take her place among the " holy and godly matrons" of whom he often made mention in the "Form of Matrimony," and that he would have the happiness of uniting her in marriage with the man of her choice.- CHAPTER X. 'i'HE CENTRE CONTROVERSIAL SUBJECT DISCUSSED. As time advanced, and sentiments underwent development, the relation of Cornelius Bayley and Florence Rumford came to be a secret known to the whole world— that is, the world of Heathfield parish and its neighbourhood. In such a sphere events, especially of this kind, assume a magnitude which they do not obtain in wider fields of social converse ; and, to give all due credit to the people of this favoured locality, the subject did not suffer any diminution of interest in their hands. It is worthy of observation, as an ethical and perhaps a physiological fact, that the opinions, expressed varied as the positions, ages, antecedents, and prospects of the parties who expressed them. There were young ladies who "wondered what Mr. Bayley could see in Miss Rumford " ; and, to counterbalance this unamiable reflection, there were young gentlemen " who wondered what Miss Rumford could see in Mr. Bayley." There were ladies with daughters who expressed their satisfaction that Mr. Bayley was at last about to be settled, as their daughters could now assist him in his various parochial insti tutions without the danger of forming a con nection that did not appear desirable. Elderly unmarried ladies assured their hearers that they had for a long time foreseen this result of Miss Rumford'a devotion to Mr. Bayley ; " so closely and determinately besieged, he could scarcely help popping the question, poor man !" Middle- aged gentleman clapped the fortunate suitor on the back, and cried, "Well done, Bayley!" while old ones shook him cordially by the hand, and wished that he might live as long and as happily with the objeet of hss choice as they had done with the old ladies who were fortunate enough to own them. There were a few serious ones in the parish who foresaw and deplored the effect of this union upon the parish of Heathfield. Mr. Bayley's influence for evil there would be strengthened and perpetuated. As son-in-law of the vicar he would occupy a strong position, and allied in sentiment as well as in wedlock with the daughter of the vicar, and thus also having a double hold on the wife of the vicar, who could question his authority or resist his will ? and in what direction would that authority and that will be employed ? No sane man could doubt that it would be on the side of Romanism. Mr. Bayley was often told that he was playing into the hands of the Roman Catholics, but he in dignantly denied it, nay, he was infatuated enough to assert that he and his clerical brethren of the same school were the true protectors of the people against the Church ot Rome, and this after hundreds had passed as easily and naturally from the position to which sacer dotalism had led them as a ship glides from the dock in which she has been constructed into the element destined to receive her. The parish and neighbourhood were already beginning to feel that a pervert to Romanism of position and wealth had taken up his abode there. Sir John Pottinger, now filling the squire's place, had entered on possession of the Hall with the fixed determination to labour there for the interests of the Church which he and his family had joined, and he was not a man to neglect any means of accomplishing the purpose which he had taken in hand. At Oxford he had made himself conspicuous as a supporter of the most advanced Ritualism, and having passed from that, as appeared to him inevitable, to full union with Rome, he was now prepared to throw all his energies into the service of his new faith, especially in facilitating the work of perversion from the Church of England to the Church of Borne, of course he and those with whom he served viewed the condition of things under the auspices of the Rev. Cornelius Bayley with the utmost satisfaction. They saw that his mediseval reforms, as he called them, were unprotestantising the parish, and that the doctrines and practices for which the Church had become noted were leavening the people with the superstitions and idolatries of Rome. Mr. Rumford had visited his old college friend shortly after his arrival at the Hall, and received a very cordial reception from him and his wife. That was to be expected, and it acted just as it was intended to do. Sir John and Lady Pottinger became intimates at the parsonage ; the young people of the two families mingled together in familiar intercourse, and it was evident to the few godly ones in the parish that Pilate and Herod were once more made friends together over the act of "crucifying the Son of God afresh, and putting him to an open shame." God had reserved to Himself two witnesses still at the parsonage — Mary Rumford and Jane Hughes. The former had remonstrated many times against the Romanising course of things in the parish, but in vain. Her attachment to Mr. Steele's ministry caused her to be regarded as disaffected to her father and mother, aud while both still loved her, her father especially, who sometimes listened to her until a tear stole down his cheek — " but what could he do ?" — it was evident that the tender and cordial inter course which ought to have existed between such closely united ones was gone, and mutual constraint was felt and exhibited when they met. The situation was painful on hoth sides, and contact was avoided as much as possible. As regarded Florence, poor Mary, who dearly loved her sister, could only weep and pray over her present dark career and still darker future. To aggravate the mischief inflicted on her and others by her new religious principles, if such they could be called, her disposition was under going a marked change for the worse. Naturally, she was a high-spirited girl, frank, lively, generous, loving. Her new creed was teaching her to bow her head like a bulrush, to be, or appear to be, very miserable, to affect a mysterious air, to be ever on the defensive, and to crush out every natural emotion of the heart. It was inducing a moroseness that ill became lier, and a peevishness of manner that seemed to he assumed as a sort of coat of mail to protect her from the expostulations of former friends. In short, if the character of High Church views was to be judged from their effect on Florence Rumford, hut little could be said in their behalf as exemplifying the religion of the lowly and loving Jesus, or as expressive of the " love, joy, peace," which it is the Spirit's office to produce in the breasts of those whom He teaches to believe that "their sins are forgiven for the name's sake of Him to whom Ho witnesses." It was obvious, too, that the pressure on mind and body to which this deluded girl was sub mitting in her daily round of services, societies, visitings, &c.;, began to tell upon a not very roburst frame. The family physician con sidered it his duty to warn her parents against threatened mischief, and occasional lassitude, coughs, and other symptons justified Mb alarm. As usual, however, the remonstrance was un heeded, and the mischief came. Florence was confined a couple of days to her bed, and three or four more to her room. During this time her mother, her sister Mary, and the faithful Jane Hughes, tended her with anxious care. On Jane, however, the main part of the nursing devolved, as she never left her night or day. When confined to her bed she sat beside her, administered her medicine, arranged her pillow, spoke or read to her as she felt disposed, and, in short, left nothing undone to cheer and comfort her ; and when she was able to sit up the same devoted attendant sat with her, sewing or knitting, and ready tor any kind office to which she might be called or might see necessary. Jane's heart was full of one subject over which she pondered as she sat, and concerning which Bhe was mentally much in prayer that her heavenly Father would guide her aright, for she yearned to tell her young mistress what she was thinking about. An opportunity soon occured after the complaint had well-nigh passed away and a little weakness alone remained. Florence, who was impatient to resume her usual avocationB, said to Jane — "Jane, don't you think I shall be well enough to go to church on Sunday ?" " Yes, Miss Rumford," Jane replied, " I hope and trust you will be strong enough to go to church, but, if you are not, the Lord will hear your prayers as well here in your sick- chamber as He would in the church." " Ah, but Jane, the church is God's house, consecrated to His service, and the place where He meets with His people." " I know, miss," Jane answered, " that the church is intended for the assembling of God's people, and the Lord Jesus has said, ' Where two or threo are gathered together in My name, there am I in the midst of them.' Is not that true of any placo where the two or three might meet in HiB name ? I do not wish to say a word against churches as buildings specially set apart for God's worship and the assembling of His people, only I cannot think He is there more than an » where else." " That is because you have not studied the subject, Jane. Don't you remember how God promised to be specially present in the Temple at Jerusalem, and He was ? Why should not the same be true of His temples now ?" "Well miss;" Baid Jane, "I am only an ignorant woman, but I thank God I know some thing of His blessed Word, and there I learn that ' God dwelleth not in temples made with hands.' He is a Spirit not bound to any place, and, is, therefore, to be worshipped everywhere. I have read that the Temple at Jerusalem, like everything else belonging to the Jews, was only figurative of the Church of God, formed of living stones, that is, His people. St. Paul, you know, Miss, argues that Jewish ordinances were only shadows of good things to come." "But would it not be very hard onus Christians," Florence asked, using an argument which she had often heard, " if we should be worse off in our public worship than the Jews were? that, for example, they could feeb that God was in their Temple, and when they went there they were sure to meot with H>m ; but that we, in our churches, should have no such sense of His presence, and that we could feel no more devotional in our churches than in our drawing-rooms ?" " Oh, dear Miss Rumford," Jane tenderly replied, " there is no reason why you should not feel the presence of the Lord in the drawing-room as well as in the church. Surely, miss, it is neither the stones, nor the mortar, nor the shape of the church, reading-desk, pulpit, communion-table, or font that brings the Lord into the church, but the presence of His people there. Excuse me, miss, but that is the great mistake that the poor ignorant Roman Catholics make who worship what they call their altars by continually bowing down to them as if God lived in these dead things. And, alas ! miss, some of our clergy are teaching their Protestant people to copy these poor ignoraut idolatrous Papists. I see Mr. Bayley and others bowing down whenever they pass the communion-table." "That is not idolatry, Jane," Florence re joined, in a slightly offended tone, "but an act of respect for the place where the holy mysteries are performed, and which the Church teaches us to regard with special veneration. Surely you would not have us to treat such a spot with irreverence ?" "Pardon me, Miss Rumford, but I do not think the blessed book of God teaches us any thing about these performances. We arc told that the Lord Jesus commanded His disciples to do something in remembrance of Him, but it is so simple that any body of believers, however humble, can doit — and they can do it any where — that is, to meet from time to time to break and eat bread together and to drink a little wine, to represent His body that was broken and His blood that was shed for them, and while doing this to feed on His body and blood by faith in a spiritual and not in a carnal way. The Roman Catholics, I know, think that their priest turns the bread and wine into the body and blood of Christ, but I always thought that our Church condemned that as superstition and idolatry, calling it ' a blasphemous fable and a cheat.' " "No, Jane," quickly replied Florence, "our Church calls maises, which the Romish priests offer for all sorts of things, 'blasphemous fables and dangerous deceits,' but the early Church always made a great deal of the Holy Communion, and taugnt that by the words of consecration an extraordinary change took place in the elements, so that they could not be regarded as bread and wine any longer." "What are the words of consecration, miss?" asked Jane. " Why, the words used by our Lord Himself. ' This is my body, this is my blood.' " "Then do you really think, miss, that He meant He was holding His body and blood in His hands, and that He gave them actually to His disciples to eat and drink ?" "Not exactly, Jane," Florence, who began to be a little perplexed, replied! only we are taught that when we take the bread and wine we take along with them the body and blood of our Lord." "Well, then, miss," demanded Jane, "what does our Catechism mean when it calls the bread and wine signs of the body and blood of Christ? They cannot be signs if they be the things themselves." This was rather a poser to Florence, as it has been to others. The sign and the thing signified cannot be one and the same thing — one is the shadow and the other the substance. She thought it wise to evade the question, and asked — "Jane, don't you believe there is a great difference between the bread and wine before consecration and after ? Before, they are merely bread and wine, afterwards they must be some thing more sacred." " Well, miss, if 1 must tell the truth, I can not see how there can be any difference in the things themselves. They look, taste, smell, feel juBt like what they are — bread and wine, and this they do before and after they are consecrated; and I think St. Paul calls the bread bread, aud the cup the cup, after, as he says, our Lord had spoken the words of conse cration. I think, too, that if our Lord had intended to make any difference in the bread and wine He would have told us so, and not left it for men calling themselves priestB to pretend to perform a miracle, which, to judge by our senses, is no miracle at all. "Then, Jane, what do you think is the use of conseoration ?" " What I think of it, miss, is that it is-- a setting apart of something or somebody for- God's service in a special way, as Aaron and. his sons and the vessels of the Temple were- consecrated in the time of Moses. Though they were consecrated they were not changed. They were set apart more particularly for God's use, but no one said of them that by a miracle they were transubstantiated into something else." " But, Jane," demanded Florence, with animation, "if we take nothing in the Holy Communion but bread and wine, how can we feed on the body and blood of Christ, as He says we must do, to be saved ?" "You are now, miss," said Jane, "alluding to what is written in the sixth chapter of St. John, where our Lord says, "Whoso eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath eternal life"; but can we say that of every one who receives the bread and wine in the Lord's Supper? Can there be two ways of having eternal life, believing in Jesus and receiving the sacrament; or do they mean the same thing? Jesus said to Nicodemus that 'God sent His- only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life,' and when the gaoler asked Paul and Silas- what he must do to be saved, they said, 'Believe- On the Lord- Jesus Christ, and thou shalt' be saved.' + This is what the Bible everywhere- says, 'The just shall live by his faith' jJ but if it was possible to feed on the actual body and blood of Jesus, this would not lie faith. It: would be a work, and no one can be saved by works. Surely, miss," added Jane, smiling, "mv stomach and my heart are not the same. St. Paul says that Christ 'dwells in the heart" by faith,' IT but what I eat enters my stomaclij. but does not dwelt there — that is, do'es: not re main there." ' ' . "'For shame, Jane," exclaimed Florence, who seemed shocked at Jane's rather homely way of putting the case, "I should be quite ashamed if Mr. Bayley was to hear of 'your speaking in; tliat way.- He ' would tell you that you were arguing carnally concerning the spiritual body which Christ has on our altars." " Well then, miss, it cannot be the same as He rose and ascended with, for that was the same as ours, as He ate and drank with His disciples after His resurreefciou, and they saw and handled Him as a human being, so that, though He was God, He carried up to heaven a. body like ours, and if the Romanists and Ritualists have Him on their altars, as they call them, He must be there a perfect man ; .but how that is I cannot understand, as nobody sees Him there. " "You who read your Bible so much, Jane,"' Florence replied, with something of sarcasm in her tone, "ought to remember what our Lord said, ' Blessed are they that have not seen, and! yet have believed.' " "Yes, miss, that was said to Thomas, who- doubted our Lord's resurrection, and would not- believe unless by the evidence of sight and touch ; but the saints of God in old tinies, . as Abraham, Jacob, Joseph, Moses, David, Job, Isaiah, and many others, believed in the, resurrection, because God had told them of One to come who was to rise by His own power, and who would be able to raise others and all God's believing ones who have lived since Christ's ascension must have believed the same without seeing, that is, without Seeing the risen Jesus ; but that is very different, miss, from seeing bread and believing it to be a man. It is just lilce this, miss. I believe there was such a man as Bonaparte, although I have never seen him ; but if any one brought me a bit of broken china with the likeness of Bonaparte upon it and told me that was he, I should laugh at their stupidity. God has given me my senses, and He means that I should use them." "Well then. Jane," Florence asked, "how are we to get Christ if we don't get Him in the sacraments ? Were they not left to the Church by Him as channels through which the graeeof God was to come into our souls, , by which we- were to be regenerated, and made partakers of Christ, so that we might serve Him and secure- all the blessings of His salvation ?" "Excuse me, miss, but that is not the teaching of Christ and His apostles. How very seldom did they speak of the aacraments, almost never, and now we scarcely hear or read of auything else— I mean in High Church books and tracts and sermons. One would tliink that the Bible was full of sacraments, channels of grace, baptismal regeneration, the Holy Eu charist, priesthood vestments, choral services,, crosses, candlesticks, and such things, but when we examine the gospels -and epistles we find nothing of the kind. The Lord Jesus preached the Gospel of the Kingdom to His disciples, and, when they received the Holy Ghost, they believed, and they knew that Jesus was their Redeemer. The apostles did the same, and men and women believed, and thus felt they were children of God, washed in the blood of the Lamb, and entitled to the inheritance which Christ had purchased for them ; they did. not require man to do something for them ; the Holy Ghost applied the word to their souls, and they were brought under the power of it." " I know, Jane." answered Florence, " that is- your way of looking at things, but we miist hear -the voice of the Church. What are called', evangelical views may do very well for a few- enthusiastic people, but you can see how miserably they have failed in reaching the masses, who require something more than to be told Sunday after Sunday that they must believe certain doctrines which they cannot understand. Now the Church in old times was wise enough to Bee that ignorant people must be attracted by something besides preaching hard, dry doctrines in rude, cold, barn-like churches, so they tried the effect of architecture, music, painting, sculp ture, gay decorations, and attractive services, and the people came to hear and see." ( To be Continued.) John iii. 1G. \+ Aots xvi. 31. t Hab. ii. 4, and Heb. x. 38. IT Epli. iii. 17. 5 John xx. 29. Barry Testimonial Fund. — The Rev. -Dr. - McGibbon acknowledges with thanks, the following additional sums— Pastor D. Allen, 21s;. Mr- R- Wynne, 42s ; Mr. J. N. Trebeck, 42s . Mr. J. Greenwood, M.L.A., 25b ; small sums, : ; per Mr. .Greenwood, I5s ; Kiama lodge ancL members, 84s ;. Mr. McCutclieon, 21s. 