MACBETH. Mr. Thomas. Kenny, a clever essay- ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of "Macbeth," character- ises it as "a drama of gigantic crime and terror relieved by the most mag- mhcent imaginative expression, yet marked with great simplicity of general design. The date of the production of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, and "we may take it for granted," says Kenny, "that it was written in the time of James the First, who ascended the throne March, 1603, as it contains an evident allusion to that monarch in act iv. scene I, and also a complimentary reference to him in an- other part. The material for the play was found by Shakespeare in Holin- shed's History of Scotland, where the story of Macbeth is told at page 168." The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- sented to have been cousins; the first a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- sition, and the latter "so soft and gentle in his nature that the people wished the inclination and manners of the two to have been so tempered and interchangeably shared betwixt them that where the one had too much of clemency and the other of cruelty, the main virtue belween these two extre- mities might have reigned by indiffer- ent partition in them both. The play all along keeps close to the line of Holinshed, varying from it in scarcely any particular except in the non- appearance in the banquet scene of the murdered Banquo's ghost." This tragedy has been presented in Melbourne we believe oftener than any other of Shakespeare's works. The late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, Charles Vincent, in their time essayed the part, and we have had other repre- sentatives, from the burly McKean Buchanan and James Anderson to the little dapper J. B. Howe. But few artists have made their Melbourne debut in the role of the Thane of Caw- dor. Of those who have, we now call to mind Mr. C. W. Barry, at the The- atre Royal, July 2, 1860, Mrs. Charles Poole supporting him as Lady Mac- beth, Mr. Henry Edwards as Macduff, Mrs. Winterbottom as Malcolm, and the principal singing witches were Mrs. Hancock and the late Julia Matthews. Previous to that on Aug. 25, 1858, at the same theatre, there burst upon the theatrical firmament ; an Australian Roscius, Master Edward Pole, aged 14\. He also played the part, which as a feat of memory was extremely won- derail. This gentleman has long left the stage and become a"family man," and now follows the prosaic business of a thriving paperhanger. At the time of the "Ghost" sensa- tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy was revived to be produced with "Pep- per's ghost effects," which were an- bounced as "combining the real with the ideal, the scientific and the poeti- cal, the positive and the illusory," with thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late James Simmonds. The part of Mac- beth was alternately played by Messrs. R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the Lady Macbeth was by the late charm- ing Annie Lockhart. It was in the part of the "Thane's guilty wife" that Miss Goddard (Mrs. Capel) made her bow before a Mel- bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke appearing as Macbeth. The Opera of "Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by two different companies at an interval of twelve years. The first production, was at the Theatre Royal, September 8, 1860 with the Bianchi Opera Com- pany. Signora Bianchi undertook the music of Lady Macbeth, Signor Bianchi Macduff, Emile Coulon Macbeth, John Gregg Banquo, Walter Sherwin Mal- colm, and Mr John Winterbottom was conductor of the orchestra. The se- cond time the Opera was revived was at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title, role (Macbeth) was allotted to Signor Tournerie, Macduff to Signor Leandro coy, Banquo to Signor Dondi, Mal- colm to Signor Benso, Physician to Signor Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora Tournerie, and Lady Macbeth to Sig- bora Zenoni. 