CITY CORRESPONDENCE. {"From our own "Correspondent.! Adelaide, February 27, 1877. The meeting at Tidemann's Auction Mart tm Monday night was hot a success. Whether, this was to be attributed to the fact that Mr. JameB Jones convened the meeting, or to the circum stance that the elections are too remote, I can't say. If the time had been ripe and feeling at all excited there would have been a crowded at tendance, no matter if a bigger muff than Jones had called the meeting. There is a feeling that the elections are too far off, and that it is absurd to hold meetings now, since the excitement can not be sustained for fire weeks. It is now posi tively understood that the first batch of elections will take place early in April, and not in March as was at first stated. Under these circumstances it is not -very likely that candidates will are to address their constituencies for another fortnight. There is often as much evil in having meetings too early as too late. Mr. Jones's meeting did no good. It was to all intents and purposes a failure, considered as a metropolitan election meeting. True, it gave us clearly to understand that Mr. Jones himself is a candidate for the district j but he did not seem to get on very well even with the very men by whom he expected to be adored. One man charged him with temporising on the payment of members qnestion. Mr. Jones said he had always opposed payment of members, and should still do so. This was a poser to many of those at the meeting, who were evidently in favour of payment of members, and who took it 'for granted that Mr. Jones from his radical proclivities would be on the same side. Mr. Jones in the course of his speeoh made an extra ordinary statement which I am loth to believe, although I have always regarded him as a truth telling person. After referring to the fact that he had opposed the present Acting-Governor for the District of Sturt, and stating that if he had spent as much money as his opponents he might have got in, he said that the Chief Justice had since remarked to him, " Well, Jones; I have secured a first-rate billet, and next time you go in for the Sturt, you will be returned and get a good billet too." I can scarcely believe that Mr. Way would have demeaned himself to have made such a statement, for it implies a low selfish object in entering politics which should be foreign to the mind of all true patriots. At Noarlunga the people seem rather reluc tantly driven to the necessity of re-electing their old members—Messrs. Colton and Carr. They wanted new blood, but it does not seem to be forthcoming. There was a whisper that Mr. C. H. T. Connor, of the firm of Morgan, Connor, and Q-lyde, wheat merchants, would come out, but he has telegraphed to one of the electors that he cannot stand now, though at some future time he may be glad of the opportunity of serving them in Parliament. The name of Mr. R. Smith, of O'Halloran Hill, was also men tioned ; but it does not seem very clear whether he will offer himself. Under the circumstances, therefore, the meeting seemed to think that they were tied up to Messrs. Colton and Carr. Why they should regard their old representatives in such a melancholy light I can't understand, for they have done as much for their district as any other two men could have done; and there is nothing much to be ashamed of about them. Mr. Rudolph Henning since he gave up the "Q-lobe Hotel lias a strong desire to enter politics, and he and his agents have been making over* tures to more than one district. He offered him self to the District of Albert, but now having had a requisition from the electors of Onka paringa he has decided to contest the latter con stituency. He is conscious that he has to oppose Messrs. Bander and Kriehauff. He has not the ghost of a chance against Mr. Bundey, and he knows it; but he believes he can beat Mr. Kriohauff. It is well-known that Mr. Kriehauff has offended a good many of the electors of his own nationality at JLobethal and elsewhere; and taking advantage of this knowledge Mr. Henning, who at one time is understood to hare said that he should uot think of opposing either Mr. Bundey or Mr. KrichaufF, is now a candidate . with great confidence that he will be elected. I can only say I hope he will not be. It will be a disgrace to the district if after the earnest and faithful, services of Mr. KrichaufF be is thrown overboard. There are few more useful men in the House than Mr. KrichaufF, and bis services in connection with the Forest Act aloce are de serving of lasting acknowledgment. Mr. W. R. Wigley has retired from the world of: politics. His partner is going to {England, so be iB obliged to look after the business; Aid deny himself the pleasure of making those' extraordi nary speeches for which he was becoming famous. I hear that Mr. W. 3. Magarey is likely to come outjfor West Torrens, whereat I am glad, because he is a good man and will be elected. I hear that Mr. G-raiuger is coming out for North Ade laide, whereat I am glad also, because he is not much good, and will inevitably to be defeated. You are freetrader enough, I think, to take an interest in anything that concerns the l.te Richard Cobden, towards whom in every En glish breast very grateful memories should be oherished. The Cobden Club have written out to Mr. Hardy, M P., of this city, informing him that the late statesman's daughters purpose issuing a biography of their father, and that should any one in the colony possess any letters written by Mr. Cobden, they will esteem it a favour if they can get a sight of them. It is to be hoped that the request will be complied with, ; since it is desirable to have as complete an account of the great man's life as possible, and any letters of his held by people even in this remote part of the world may possibly throw Bome particular point in his 