OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. [From Our Own Correspondent.] Everybody now is talking education, and the principal phase of the subject which is engaging attention is the reductions in the teachers' salaries, affected by the Minister of Public Institution (Major W. C. Smith) from the 1st August last. There seems to be a very general opinion both inside and outside Parliament, that, notwithstanding the fact that these reductions are the work of the Berry Ministry, the course taken by that Government was an unjustifiable one, and likely to materially lower the status of the educational department. Thinking men of the present day are becoming alive to the necessity for having the very best class of men as school teachers, as they are the persons who have in their hands the power of controlling, to a very great extent, the future conduct of the rising generation. But if men of ability, intellectual acquirements and high moral principle are to be induced to devote their lives to the educational training of the young, their services must he rated at a higher amount than that which can be earned by ordinary manual labour, and upon which it is impossible for a teacher with a family, to live in comfort and to present a respectable appearance before the world. The tendency of legislation in Victoria, for some years past, has been to keep pace with the progress of thought in this respect, and within the past few years the position of the school teachers in this colony has been gradually improving, both pecuniarily and socially, while the class of men and women who are now induced to engage in school teaching is, generally speaking, better than it has ever been hitherto. The majority of the people appear to have been well satisfied with the progress made in educational matters and, as evils were developed in system, the Parliament would no doubt have been prepared to have provided a remedy. While matters were in this satisfactory state the Chief Secretary suddenly, conceived the idea that the annual vote for educational purposes should either decrease or remain at a standstill in regard to amount, and he accordingly desired the Minister of Education to take back his estimates, strike off £20,000 (the amount of the increase during the past twelve months and then he would be prepared to submit them to Parliament. The Minister of Education, without consulting Parliament in any way, complied with the request of his chief, and the State school teachers throughout the colony, suffered a sudden reduction in their salaries. When the educational vote came before Parliament in the usual way, on Wednesday night, Major Smith treated the Assembly to a two-hour' speech on the subject, and sought to justify the course he had taken by pleading that, if some of the expenditure was not lopped off, the system would topple over of its own weight. He appeared to forgot that the increasing population of the colony, and the expansion of the education system, must cause a large expenditure, while he totally ignored the fact that, notwithstanding the increase in the total amount, the average cost per head of the children attending the State schools is less this year than it was last year. A large number of members of the Assembly are disposed to look at the matter in this light, and it is more than probable than when the debate closes, the decision of the House will be strongly in favor of the amendment moved on Thursday night by Mr. Sergeant, a late head teacher, to the effect that the vote be increased by £20,000, in order that the teachers should be paid the same rate of salary as heretofore, until Parliament had an opportunity of dealing with the whole question. It will be interesting to a large number of your readers to know the nature of the scheme which Major Smith has proposed should regulate the promotion and remuneration of teachers in future. The theory of the proposal is very good, and if the details can be worked out satisfactorily, it will prove, beyond doubt, a great boon to the teachers. Major Smith proposes a system of classification in which each teacher will occupy a place, so that when a vacancy occurs in one class, the teacher occupying the next highest position in the classification will be at once promoted, not as a matter of favour, but as a right. Every teacher under the department will thus know at once his or her exact position, and will have nothing to expect from the four or froavns of any Minister or member of Parliament. Promotion, however, will have to be dependent upon the nature of the reports furnished by the inspector, and in that respect, a great reform in the department will be necessary. At present the inspector makes out two reports, in one of which (that intended for pub- lication) he may speak in satisfactory terms of the teacher, while in the other, which is furnished to the head of the department, he may speak in such terms as may tend to the removal of the teacher. Such a system of double-dealing as that is. should not be tolerated in an English community. The lowest rate of salary which Major Smith proposes should be paid to the teachers, under- this system, is a minimum of £104, and a maximum of £140, while the highest rate would be (for head-teachers) a minimum of £300, and a maximum of £450. It is a matter worthy of note that almost every important measure which the present Ministry have had passed through Parliament, has had to be repealed, and they are not inaptly called what the lioiboy-cum-Bromby administration were called in Tasmania-a Ministry of blunders. The wattle bark and red gum duties are instances of this, and it is more than probable that the obnoxious stock tax will have to be similarly dealt with. A very influential deputation waited upon the Minister of Railways the other day and pointed out to him the fact that the trade of the Riverina and surrounding districts was being gradually weaned from Victoria on account of the heavy imposts and restrictions imposed by the Government of Victoria. It was emphatically stated that 30,000 and GO.0O0 bls. of wool would, this year, be diverted from the Melbourne market and sent to Sydney, besides a very large proportion of stock being sent in the same direction, thereby causing an enormous loss not only to the revenue of Victoria, but also to the port of Melbourne. The only means of pro venting this was stated to be the immediate aboli- tion of the stock tax, and the reduction of rates of carriage by railway. The Government have already expressed themselves in favour of a reduction of the amount of the stock tax, but they will eventually have to deal with it as they have dealt with nearly all the other important measures they have passed through Parliament bring in a bill for its abolition. I mentioned in a previous letter that the Constitu- tion Act Amendment Bills which were passed by the Legislative Council and sent down to the Assembly, had been taken charge of by the Chief Secretary, who formally moved the first readings, but has purposely, indefinitely postponed the second readings with the object of ultimately shelving them. On Tuesday last the Ministerial Reform Bill was received in the Legislative Council, and the action of the Chief Secretary was effectually checkmated by Sir Charles Sladen, who formally moved thofirstread- ing, but made no motion whatever in regard to the second reading. The Chief Secretary, on learning of the action taken by the Legislative Council, wrote to Sir Charles Sladen proposing that a conference upon the " reform question should be held by a joint committee of the two Houses, and I understand that on Tuesday next that a motion to that effect will be proved by the Chief Secretary in the Assembly and Sir (Charles Sladen in the Council. On the meeting of the Congregational Union the other day, the meeting soberly and seriously adopted a report, recommending that as the Congregationalists do not recognise a bishop, the name of Dr. Moor house should be used in the Congregational Independent Instead of the title " Bishop of Melbourne"! This extraordinary resolution has brought a considerable amount of ridicule upon the Union, and a con respondent t in one of the Melbourne papers very aptly asks, " how would they like the church people to retaliate by calling the so- called ministers of the Congregationalists, simply Mr. instead of Rev., as the Church of England only recognises as clergymen those ordained, as priests or deacons, by a Bishop." Professor Henwioke, a conjuror, is performing at the Apollo Hall, and one of the most attractive feats that he performs is the "slate trick," as performed by the celebrated Dr. Slade, the spiritist. Honwicko, however, does the trick without the aid of mediums or spirits, but it nevertheless is OF astonishing and inexplicable as the best efforts of the spiritualistic mo Jiunis. He uses estate made of what I is called " parchment slate," upon which a question I is written by one of the audience. Half-a-dozen sheets of blotting paper are then placed on a table, a small piece of slate pencil laid on the paper, and the plate is then laid that on the paper with the pencil underneath, and in that position it is held by one of the audience until the "spirit" writes the answer on the underneath side of the slate After a.dohiyjof about a dozen seconds, the slate is removed, and an answer is found written in a plain bold hand ; the slate is than hold close under the table by the Professor, and one of the audience, and in a very few seconds the first answer is rubbed out and another written. How the trick is performed I cannot venture to say, but there are many spiritualists in Melbourne who consider it quite as clever as the spiritualistic communications received by Dr. Slade upon a slate. The theatres are not doing a great business. I fairy V, has been temporarily withdrawn from the Theatre Royal, and Mr. Wybert Reeve, the English actor of some repute, will make his first appearance to-night in the colonies, as "Count Fosco" in Wilkie Collins'' H'owum in While. Mr. W. Creswick is still playing at the Opera House in high-class drama. Mr. R. D'Orsay Ogden and Miss Beatrice, supported by a general company, are playing sensational dramas at the Academy of Music; the new Princess Theatre has been re-opened under the lesseeship of Mr. Morton Tavares, late of Queensland, but the re- opening has not been a pecuniary success, so far and the United States Minstrels are doing good business at St. George's Hall and D'Arcy Read's Ghost is exhibiting at the Atheneum Hall to fair houses. We are now within a fortnight of the Spring Meeting of the Victorian Racing Club, and the public interest taken in the "coming events," more particularly the Cup and Derby, is very great. There is every indication of the Cup meeting being the most successful ever held under the re- gime of the Victorian Racing Club. Great improvements have been made to the course and stand which is now said to be the most complete in the world. The several entries for the meeting, closed on Thursday, and are very good save in the weight for age races, from which the probable presence of First King and Chester, seems to have frightened a number of competitors. The acceptances for the cup reach 43, or two less than last year, but the only horse of any note withdrawn on Thursday, was Woodlands, the winner of the Wagga Wagga cup. A kind of influenza has broken out amongst the horses at Flemington, and Woodlands and Stra- thearn are the two greatest sufferers, and although the latter has accepted, 100 to 1 can be very readily obtained about him. The Tasmanian admirers of the "yellow and black" will, also, regret to hear that Amendment has gone in both his fore legs, and although Mr. Tait has great hopes of being able to bring him to the post, his condition will be very faulty. Mr. De Mestre's horses are in training at Williamstown, and are said to be doing very well. Satisfactory accounts have reached town of the St. Alban's string, and the friends of Melita are very confident about her winning the Cup. It is said that she has been tried to beat both First King and Savanaka, and her trial gave so much satisfaction that the stable have backed her for a large amount of money. Chester, too, has been largely backed, and the general opinion seems to be that the race is virtually a match between Messrs. De Mestre and Wilson. " The Wizard," a sporting writer connected with the Weekly Times, thinks that the placed horses will come from Melita, Chester, His Lordship, and Democrat and everything seems to favour that supposition. His Lordship is an immense favourite for the Derby and as the Wilson party have supported him, in conjunction with Melita, for the Cup, the natural presumption is that there is something wrong with Bosworth, who was, until very recently, a co-equal favourite with His Lordship. The following is the latest betting V.R.C. DERBY. 6 to 4 agst His Lordship 3 to 1 " Bosworth 6 to 1 " Vulcan 10 to 1 " Roodee 10 to 1 " Melita . 10 to 1 " others. MELBOURNE CUP. 100 to 12 agst Melita (t) 100 to 8 " Chester (t) 100 to 0 " Lockleys (t) 100 to 0 " Calamia (t) 100 to 5 " First King (t) 100 to 5 " His Lordship 100 to 5 " Auckland (off) 100 to 4 " Democrat (off) 100 to 4 " Savanaka (t) 100 to 4 " Darriwill (t) 100 to 3 " Svviveller (off) 100 to 3 " Nerissa) 100 to 2 " Emily 100 to 2 " Roodee (off) 100 to 2 " Amendment (off) '100 to 1 " Strathearn (off). Saturday, October 16. 