Religious. New Lutheran Church, Toowoomba. THE opening on Christmas Day of a new Lutheran Church at Toowoomba, capable of holding 600 persons and estimated to cost £1800, is described as follows in the D.D. Gazette:— "The ceremony was commenced in the old church, which was tastefully decorated, at half - past ten in the morning, by singing the 57th hymn ('Seid stille, Sinn und Geist'), which was followed by a prayer and short address from the Rev. Mr. Burghardt. They then sang ' Unsere Ausgang segne Gott.' After this they proceeded to the new church, headed by a band composed of some of the members of the Light Infantry Company, playing ' Seelenbraeutigam.' While they were retiring the choir sang 'Nur mit Jesu will ich pilgern.' On arriving at the new building the congregation sang the hymn commencing,' Dreieinger, heilger, grosser Gott,' and the Rev. Mr. Burghardt read the first eleven verses of the sixth chapter of the second book of Chronicles, saying a few words in exposition. Mr. Busch then handed him the key, which he received, saying, 'My soul longeth, yea even fainteth, for the courts of the Lord ; my heart and my flesh crieth out for the living God.' Mr. Burghardt continued, 'I open our new Evangelical Lutheran Church in the name of God the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and then, turning tbe key in the door, he said, ' I give the church the name of St. Paul and St Luke.' He then opened the door, saying, * Enter in the name of the Lord, who blessed you before, and will bless you after.' While the congregation were being seated (the males being on the right and the females on the left of the entrance), the choir, consisting of about twenty-five voices, Mr. H. Groth acting as accompanyist, sang 'Macht hoch das Thor, die Thurenweit,' and the band played "O selig Haus." The effect of the singing was somewhat marred by the confusion incidental on the entering of the congregation. The elders going to the altar, Mr. Holl handed the Bible to the pastor, Mr. Linde- meyer the baptismal basin, and Messrs. Perina, Wollfgram, and Oestrich, the communion vessels, whioh were plaoed on tbe table. Two lighted tapers were placed at either end of the table; over it was an engraving of ' The Lord's Supper,' and above tins again, on the front of the pulpit, the words in gilt letters on a black ground, en circled by a wreath in the form of a heart, ' Gott ist die Liebe,' ('God ls Love.') After the several vessels had been handed to the pastor, the congregation sang the 83rd hymn, ' Janchzet, ihr Himmel,' at the conclusion of whioh the choir sang the liturgy and doxology. Mr. Burg- hardt read the first seven verses of the ninth chap ter of Isaiah, and the choir sang the 26th Psalm. The congregation again sang,' lch frene mich in dir,' and the pastor preached a sermon, taking for his text Luke ii., 10 and 11 : ' And the angel said unto them, Fear not, for behold I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people; for unto you is born this day, in the city of David, a saviour, which is Christ the Lord.' The theme was, * Why is Christ born ?' and the reverend gentleman divided it into two parts—first, 'To be a light in the darkness ;' and, secondly, 'To be a continual blessing and joy for all men.' The sermon was delivered by Mr. Burghardt in a fluent and earnest manner, and was listened to with rapt attention by the large body of worshippers. At its conclusion prayer was again offered, and the choir sing the Psalm, 'Ich willden Herrn loben,' and after wards Kreutzer's celebrated choral,' The Lord's Day.' " On Sunday morning and evening the faithful of St. John's congregation were summoned to prayer by aid of one of the new bells, which was rung for the occasion. Although not of particu larly melodious sound when rung by itself, it yet formed a contrast to the bell which has done duty on previous occasions. The ceremony of the profession and reception of several Sisters of Mercy took place on Dec. 28, at St. Stephen's Cathedral. The profession took place in the morning and the reception in the afternoon, the Right Rev. Dr. O'Quinn, assisted by tbo Revs. D. Byrne (Dalby), J. J. Horan (Warwick), J. J. Ahem, J. B. Breen, and E. Martin, of Brisbane, officiating. Mass was celebrated at 8 a.m., at which the Sisters, six in number, about to be professed, received the Holy Communion, having firat subscribed to the Act of Profession, enjoining poverty, chastity and obedience, and a life of devotion to the poor, the sick, and the ignorant. After Mass the Bishop preached a sermon appropriate to the occasion, and the Sisters elect then received the black veil and ring. The service having been concluded the Sisters entertained the visitors and friends of the professed Sistera at a ddjeAner. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon the reception took place, when eight candidates were received to their noviciate, and took the whito veU. The following are the names of the Sistera received and professed : — Received : Misses Bridget Hayes, Mary Gorman, Mary Tobin, Amelia Tobin, Catharine Ryan, Hamy Barry, Mary Fitzgerald, and Lucy Lalor. Professed : Misses M'Donald, Mayne, Wail, St. Ledger, Thompson, and Hen nessy. We learn that two very handsome presents have been made to St. John's Church during this Christmastide. The fint was sent to the churchwardens anonymously, and consisted of a handsome set of altar furniture of solid silver, and intrinsically worth a large sum. The pre sent was accompanied by the following letter :— Brisbane, December 24, 1877. To tbo Rector and Churchwardens of Ut John's Church, Brisbane. Reverend Sir and Gentlemen, —I am desirous through you of ottering to the Almighty Giver of .ill Good, and in memory of my deceased mother, a sot of altar furni ture, which you will find in tho accompanying box, being nccnntoined to symbolical teaching from childhood (about forty years), and can testify to ita good effects both in tho Church and my fnniily. Your beautiful fluial on the new belfry inspires me with confidence that( you are alive to the benefit of auch teaching; but au many are very ignorant of these mat tern, mid that I have no decile to give otfanco, will nek you kindly to make them a part of the festival decora- tions, whiob will be muoh mora tocomlng than the tinsel usually displayed on such ocoasioiu, at tho same time keepin; in view their permanent use. Bhould you not aocept my offering, the abeenoe of them from the altar to-morrow will be a sufficient answer to this note, and by leaving tlie box with the sextou, I will send for it. My insignificance is my apology for writing anony mously.—Yours faithfully, A WOBBHIPPEB FOR TWENTY YEARS. A handsome prayer- book for the use of the officiating minister was presented by Mrs. Hugh BeU also on Christmas Day. A correspondent of tiie Melbourne Argus, writing from Rome, says :—Perhaps it is hardly necessary to caution your readers against attri buting the very smaUest value to the rumors and speculations that are continually put forth an to the probabiUties of the choice of the next Pope. No human being has the slightest knowledge, on the subject. If every cardinal in succession were to unbosom his inmost thoughts upon the sub ject to the same individual, the person so favored would obtain from such confidences no clue to the probable issue of the conclave. To those who have some acquaintance with Papal Rome, and with the history and mode of operation of that unique assemblage caUed a "conclave," aU tbis is weU known. But it would seem that the number of such persons is strangely small, to judge by the quantity of nonsense that is put forth upon the subject by the newspapen of every country in Europe. Perhaps the prevail ing ignorance on the subject is aU the greater beoause it is so unusually long since the world has known or seen anything of a conclave. I wiU conclude by cautioning your readers to dis trust equally all the talk and speculations re specting the aotion to be exercised on the mem bera of the conclave by tbis, that, or the other European Government. No Qovernment wiU exercise, or has any means of exercising, any in fluence at all upon the Sacred CoUege united in conclave. Ido not mean that thia was the case when the Pope was one of the temporal princes of Europe. Far otherwise. But it is absolutely so now. And this is one of the most important results of the loss of the Pope's temporal power. The Ripubliqu^Pran^aiee gives some statistics of the increase which haa been made in the hierarchy of the Roman CathoUc Church during the Pontificate of the present Pope. During his lengthened reign Pius IX. has, it appears, founded twenty-nine metropoUtan churches, 130 episcopal chain, three chairs nullius duecesos, three apostolic delegations, thirty-three apostoUc vicarages, and fifteen apostoUc prefectures. In Europe at the preaent tune there are altogether 595 bishoprics and archbishoprics, either imme diately subjeot to the Papal See or suffragans of metropoUtan churohes; in America, seventy two ; in Africa, eleven ; in Asia, ten ; and in Australia and Polynesia, twenty-one. Of religious orden there are fifty-three; of inonaatio orders, fifteen; and of mendicant orders, fourteen. Thirteen States are repre sented at the Vatican, namely, France, Austria, Spain, Bavaria, Belgium, BrazU, ChUi, Peru, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, Portugal, Paraguay, and, finaUy, the PrincipaUty of Monaco. On the other hand, the Pope is represented abroad by apostolic nuncios, delegates, or charges d'affaires, in Paris, Vienna, Madrid, Lisbon, Munich, Brus sels, the Hague; by an apostoUo internuncio in Brazil, who is also delegate for the States of Paraguay, BoUvia, Chili, and the Argentine BepubUe ; and by a single apostolic delegate for the States of San Domingo, Hayti, and Vene zuela ; whUe a similar appointment for the States of Central America, Colombia, and Peru is at the present moment vacant. 