' MACBETH. Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- ) ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charactor- ises it as " a drama of gigantic crime and terror relieved by the most mag nificent iniatrinative ' expression." vet > marked with great simplicity of general k design. The date of the production > of the piece is set by Furnival at 1605-6, ) and " we may take it for > granted," V says Kenny, "that it was written in the time of James the Firet, > wiio ) ascended the throne Marclr, 1603, as it V contains an evident > allusion to that monurcli in act iv. scene i, and also a ) complimentary > reference to liim in an other part. The material for the play ' was found by > Shakespeare in Holin- ) shed's History of Scotland, where the . story of > Macbeth is told at page 168." ' The Macbeth and Duncan are repre- f sented > to have been cousins ; the first . a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- f > sition, and the latter " so soft ' and \ gentle in his nature that the > people wi.shed the inclination and manners of ) the two to havB been so > tempered and- » interchangeably shared betwixt them that where the one had > tod much of clemency and the other of cruelty, the ; main virtue belweeu > these two extre mities might have reigned by indiffer- ) ent partition in > them both. The play V all along keeps close to the line of Holinshed, > varying from it in scarcely > any particular except in the non- V appearance > in the banquet scene of the murdered Banquo's ghost." ) This tragedy has > been presented in V Melbourne we believe ofteher than'any ' other of > Shakespeare's works. The ) late G. y. Brooke, Charles Kean, Charles Vincent, > in their time essayed the part, and we have had other repre- ) sentativcs, > from the burly McKean . Buchanan and James Anderson to the / little dapper > J. B. Howe. But few artists have made their Melbourne deHvt in the of the > 2'kane of Caw- f dor. Of those who liave, we now call f to mind Mr. C. W., > Barry, at the The- atre Royal, July 2, i860, Mrs, Charles "Poole'supporting-hlm'as - heth, Mr. Henry Edwards nsacdtif, Mrs. Wintcrbottom as IfMSolm, and the principal-singing Tvildres .were Mrs. Hancock and' the late Julia' Matthew , Previous te tliat, oh Aug. 25, 1858, at the same theatre, there butst upcni the theatrical firmameht , an Ausbalian i Rbscius, MiKter Edward' pdey'agcd . 1x4 iHh also 'played the irt,' uihich as : ' a feat of memory was exlremely won- \ derful. This getitleman has long left the stage and &come; d " family man," < and now follows the prq.saic busine.ss j of a thriving paperhanger.; At the tinie of the " Ghost" sensa- " tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this.tragedy ( was revived to be: produced with '' Pep per's ghost effects," which were" an- ' nounced as " combining the real with the ideal, the scientific and the poeti cal, the positive and the illusory," with ' thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay- ( marlcet Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late James Simmonds. The part of Mao- ( heth was alternately played by Messrs. R. Yoiinge and Henry Edwards, the ' Lady Maehcth v/ns hy the late charm— i ing Annie Lockhart. It was in the part of the U Thane's ' guilty wife" that MLss Goddard (Mrs. ( Cape!) made her bow before a Mel bourne audience, at the Theatre Royal, August 24, 1857, the late G. V. Brooke ( appearing as Macbeth. 'The Opera of "Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by ( two different ;companie8 at an interval of .twelve years. The firet production ' was at the Theatre Royal, September ( 8; i860, with the Bianchi Opera t.om- pany., Signora Bianchi iindertook the ' mu.sic ofLrt/Iy Maeiei/t, Sigor Bianchi ( MaerZw/L Emile Coulon Macbeth, John Gregg Bdn/jno, Walter Sherwin MaZ- ' colm. and Mr. John Winterbottom was conductor of the' orchestra. The sei cond time the Opera was revived was ( at the Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. i W.' S; 'Lyster arid" Cagli. The title role Qilaobcth) was allotted to Signor ( Toumerie; Mac(Z?(/f to Signpr Leandro . Coy, Baiu/uo , to Signor Dondi, MaZ colm. lb .Signer Benso, Physioia7i to ( Signor Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora , Toumerie, and/Lady Macbeth to Sig- nora Zerioni. /V . ' ( 