CHINESE IN' SAN FRANCISCO. ( From Hepworth Dixon's White Connuast \ ? Not far from Lock Sin's tea -house stands j a big edifice, first used as the Globe Hotel;! a house (our storey's high above the ground, I six windows to the front, and boasting of rooms enough for fifty persons. Including Vaults and attics thero may be sixtj' rooms in all. Surrounded by the Ghinese rook ery, the Globe Hotel, no longer fit for decent visitors,, is let to Le Si -Tut, a rich Chinese, who relets his apartments to Chinese resi dents of tho better class — - to shopmen, waiters, clerics,, and agents. , Lee Si Tut takes care to. have no tenant of bad repute. A thief, a rag-picker, a night-prowler can not hire a: bed in his hotel.' No painted woman, passes his door.. Tan and ; other such gairies are forbidden.. No wrangling or fighting is allowed within the house. So ; far as order can be made by rules, order is said to reign among Lee Si Tut's tenants, and. the' Globe Hotel in Jackson- street may _be regarded. as the royal khan. and summer palace of the Chinese empire in America... Pass in. : Oh, Lee' Si ,Tut ! A sickening odour greets your nostrils on his steps. A reek comes out of every door, and dirt lies, heaped on every landing stages. The dust of years encrusts his window-panes. Com-' pared with this Globe Hotel under Lee Si; Tut, a Turkish or a Spanish prison is a decent place. The bannisters drip; the, passages sweat. A' black and fetid slime' runs down the walls. - And then what press and multitude of tenants on the stairs and in the rooms! Men swarm at every, door, and crowd down every stage ; each pale and melancholy, wretch vomiting his narcotic poison in your face. .A. name- less horror seems to^brood in every .corner of the house, for out of' every1 corner glare tho spectral eyes of beings fevered by ' tan and stupefied by drugs. Each room, arranged for the accommoda tion of a single guest, is eithei' parted into six or seven sections by -a string of mats or shelved in tiers all around the walls. Shelves are preferred, since, no one cares to pay for privacy ; and a room, that will only sleep six or seven, in sections: may.be got -.to 1 sleep ? a dozen on shelves: - From vault .to , attic, - each room is foul .with smoke, and ; black with dirt,; and choked with men. - No less than fifteen v. hundredi- ghastly creatures find- a lodging day and nightdn this Chinese paradise! ' Rooms- crowded and unwholesomolhave seen before— at a. feast in. Einsiedeln, a mad-house'iin Naples, an: ^emigrant ship at Liverpool, a barraek^ on the- Nile-^but ncwhere have .1 seen human creatures packed and crushed as those tenants of the Globe Hotel are packed and crushed. Lee Sis Tut lets his house, he says, to eight hundred tenants ; which would give him, in a house ofsixty, rooms, including cellars and lofts, thirteen tenants to each chamber; but the rascals cheat him he alleges, out of half his rent, by sub-letting their shelves to uien who occupy them half the day. Enquiry shows me that this stoiy. of sub letting is strictly true.: Ki Wgok lets his shelf to Li;Ho ; -Wgok using his shelf for twelve hours. and. giving it up to ;-Li- Ho for the other- twelve hours.-. In some room th ree sets of lodgers oc:cu py ; the sliel ves each twentyrfo.ur hours — eight hours a-piece. - Yet those who lodge in this hotel live in a Jighfc and - roomy .palace: by the side of j those who livd* in the labyrinth of courts I and stves, yards: and' entries,- lying round i Bartlett Alley. Here some of the first white settlers in San . Francisco threw up their hives. The ground is undrained. The log shanties were run up hastily aud cheapily ; and in' these fever-hiiunted hovels,, rotten with age,, putrid with ; filth, overrun with' vermin* the masses of Mon golians make their home. They creep into vaults,- they climb into eaves, they burrow in the earth. , -In holes unfit for dogs, you may 'discover' ten or. twelve wasted crea tures, sprawling; on. shelves, ? staring into space; and trying to smoke themselves into the opium dreamer's paradise. , Worse still, if in the ' lowest depth' there can be a ' deeper, still,' Js the thieves' quarter; a district running in a;)d:out of more respectable quarters with a rare in difference as to social forms. In the thieves' quarter it is well to have a guide and escort, for. the . Chinese criminal has curious- ways, and your.. ramble, in his pur lieus should be made at night. All round Bartlett's Alley lie the thieves' i yards and cribs ; foul attics, falling balco nies, underground kennels ; with a few ! spikes of Joss-wood burning at every door. Rags rot on the ground, and garbage poisons | the air. Slush squirts at you from under i every plank, and where the planks fail you, the earth appears nothing but a running sore. Rag-shops and receiving-houses hid in old pits 'and hollows' under the tilank floors. In all these damp and loathsome holes a swarm- of Asiatics wallow in the ?filth, their pale and ghastly faces rendered j .visible by the -flicker of a reeking lamp.! Pah! . , ° F| . Fear lurks in. every Mongol eye, and des- j peration glowers from every Mongol face. ' In passing -from -yard to yard you . catch the ' slain of doors, the shot of bolts, and feel by j instinct that every ruffian standing behind I these planks, alarmed bj' strange footsteps 'and loud] voices in the dead of night, is listening at his door, with hatchet raised to strike or rifle poised to fire. '? Open, the door?' crios your guido in a peremptory tone, stopping in front of a log. cabin — ' open the door !' ' You foolee me I You -foolee me ?' 'No, no. Open the doorl' ; -'f; v . ? The voice is recognised within ; the door is slowly1 opened, and yon peep into the crib ; a cupboard as to size,; but: occupied by five or six men and women.' Heaps of stolen goods are on the floor; but neither blade nor gun is visible. . At another crib we are repulsed. To the enquiry ' How ? you foolee me ?' we answer iis before. 'No, no ;' but. instead of seeing the door open, we catch a rapid exchange of whis pers inside. . ' r , : - - ' Go; j'ou not. foolee me !' cries a voice, accompanied by- the click of a rifle.. ; . '' Dip and slide,' whispers our companion, and we instantly dip and slide. . ? Jn' Stout's Allej', and in the yards around this sink of squalor. and iniquity, lodge the partners of these thieves and murderers — the female slaves. ? c: Let us go into the open streets ! ' You have1 now'seen- a little' of our Chinese ? quarter/' says.;- my companion, as we enter Lock Sin's tea-house about two o'clock, and order a- refreshing cup.; 'What you/have seen in Sanr;Fr an cisco you maj' see in Sacramento;- Stockton, San Jose, and other towns. Wherever John plants his foot, he builds .a China Town; and peoples itwith harlots, criminals, and slaves. . .We' get some. veiy. cheap?-. labour, and iour; financiers; .say , thev, need cheap labour. ' to develop the country.' What think you of the price we have to pay for our development?' ' ' , While we are sipping tea on Lock Sin's ; balcony, a j'ell comes, up .from the street below. . A Ghinese fight is on. Ah King,, a Chinese . scamp,, employed, by -..the .city . officers, and, in the -slang of his Asiatic countrymen, such' a spy is called ; a ghost. Of late this ghost- has been too busy, his celestial. countrymen think,- even for a paid ?spy- ; -and two'- Asia tics, who hiive just couie .out of jail, are setting on him, one inooii-face with a hatchet, the second moon-face1 with a knife. From every door into the street swarms out a crowd, and in an instant fifty Chinese lauteras Jieave and; drop along the flags. ' ' ' Excuse me !' aavs my escort,- and before. I can' reply, he is gone from iny ; side. King vanishes — like a ghost. Moon-face with the knife' escapes, just ns cay escort swoops into the murdorous circle ; but the fellow with the -hatchet is arrested on the spot and carried . to the city ward. His weapon when examined, proves , to be a long blade., sheathed ^n a layer 9ft fine cloth,, so that, in case of a fatal pl'ungo. the- blood 'might have been at once removed, and tlie stainless knife replaced under the white smock;- as clean . and innocent .in- appearance as 'the soft eyed Asiatic who had' plunged it into his neighbour's heart. , , ., , , , . - , 