LOVE BEFORE THIE MAST. The captain of-an-Eeglish -shipjust arrived in Port relates a singular story which is worth adding to the already extensive budget of marvellous tales of the ocean. The names of captain and ship are not given, as sailors are provelr bailly sensitive about their ve racity. The official log contains these entries : " August 15, latitude --,longitude -, James Colton, a stowaway, fell from the foretopgallast yard to the deck, and was instantly killed." " August 16, latitude --,longitude -, William Bean, all ordinary seaman, while the funeral service was being read over the body of Colton, jumped from the topgallant rail and sank immediately. Ship hove to at the time. A boat was lowered but no traces of the man was discerned." "That," said the Captain, " is an entry that gives the key to the yarn -l'l-spin- you,"-as a-~lkil--reporter -sat in his cabin yesterday afternoon after the noonday meal. "I shipped Bean in Liverpcool. He was a tall, good-looking young fellow, and did not appear to be much of a seafearing man by his appearance, but he had a couple of good discharges and I took him. After he went for ward among the men I did not notice him again until the second day out. The mate came aft lugging along a little bit_ of iafellowith short curly hair and a round face, whom he had found stowed away under the fore hatch. Alot of themen got around to see what I was going to say about it. "' What the bhize~s-made you hide away in-my ship?' Isaid; -fle didn't answer a word, and seemed scared to death. Then Bean stepped out and said : " 'I know that young man, Cap tain; he is an old chum of mine. He wanted to get a passage to California and had no money.' " 'I swore at them both and then sent Coiton off in charge of the third mate,-whosoon got him to work oni a broom. He handled the broom pretty well, and took sort of to polish ing the brass work, and seemed so in clined to be industrious that I took him out of the mate's watch and gave him odd jobs about the cabin, lending the steward a hand and so on. He had all night in and better grub than they got in the forecastle, but he always used to slip some of it forward to Bean. Those two were a good deal together on Bean's watch, and Colton would sometimes stay up all night with him. Then he got to like going aloft, and used - to handle -the royals as well as any ordinary seaman on board. One day the mate said to me, "I heard those two men, Bean and Colton, talking together last night sir, and there was something queer about it. Bean was telling him that his mother and brothers would never forgive him,-and the best thing to do when he got to-San -Francisco -?wou!d be to write to some friend at home, but not to let his people know where he was. Colton wascrying and seemed to feel very bad. Then they saw me and shut up. I think -Bean has made that boy Colton run away from school or something of the sort.' "I told the mate to make work as light as he could for him, and once, when he brought me up a cup of tea.on the poop, I asked him if his friends knew that he had started for California. - - " ' Oh, no,' he said,' but I could not get along well at home, and I thought it best to go away.' " 'You knew Bean well at home, didn'tyou?' I asked. " 'Yes, sir,' said he, and looked red and confused. "'Did he induce you to run away ?' "' No; no, sir,' said he; 'but he told me he was coming in this ship.' " That was all I said about it then. A week or so afterward, when he was cleaning upmv cabin, he got hold of a photograph of my wife, which an artist in Liverpool had undertaken to color and had made a botch of it. ' "Did you ever do any painting ?' I asked. He said he could paint a litle; and I got a box of water-color paints from the third mate and some brusheP, and gave himi a few photo graphs to color. You see how well he didit. He surprised me." Then the Captain opened his album and showed the reporter. some pho tographs which were very skilfully and artistically retouched. -_' Lsawhimn o, ce continued the Captain, "painting the photograph of a fine looking old lady: He- told me it was Bean's mother. Well, to come to the day the accident occurred. I was on deck at the time, and Bean and Colton were sitting for'ard. I was going to call the young chap aft to help the sail'naker, who was work ing on the poop, when a squall came along. The mate sang out, the royal halyards were let go, and Colton jumpedinto the fore rigging to get aloft and stow the foreroyal, for it was darkening up to windward. Bean also got into the rigging and seemed to want to get up, but Colton got ahead of him. " He laid out on the yard, got hold of the canvas, and the next thing we knew something came whirling down on deck with a thud that made me shudder. The first one at the poor fellow's'side was Bean. He turned him over, for the face was towards the deck, and then he fell down in a fit, and-the -boatswain--attended-to him. The watch carried Colton's body aft. His neck was broken. I pulled off the shirt and then I knew the whole story," and the skipper took a gIaes of sherry, and his eyes were moist. "What was the mystery," asked tiherepo?atai. Well," saidthe Captain, " just this, Colton did not belong to our side of the deck. The body that was sewed up and launched into the deep was a young woman, and she was Bean's wite, for I found the marriage certificate in Bean's trunk with some letters that partially explained the matter. But I'll tell you about that afterward. As soon as Bean got right he came aft looking like a ghost, and he knew by my face that I had discovered the secret. "'Captain,' said he, taking off hls hat, 'would you have any ob jection to letting me stay alone wi-h it this night ?' "Ilet him stay all night by the body, and I can imagine what the poor fellow suffered. I never saw such a dispairing face on a man in my life as that which met me when I opened the cabin door and the hands were summoned for the funeral ser vices. He stood by until the last moment, and when the body slipped off into the sea, and the shot carried it down, down, into the blue depths, he watched it until it disappeared. Then hejumped on the top-gallant rail, and before any one could grab him he was gone." "And the letters P?" "I hunted throng his trunk," said the skipper, "and found a bundle of letters which I am going to enclose to his friends at home. From what I could learn from-them-it-appears -that-Bean-,?(-which -wa- -an--assumed name) was a young fellow of good family but very wild. The girl's people w, re also well offand reputable. She knew him from a boy and ran away with him, and they were married. He went to sea after that and she went back to school. When he returned they tried to make it up with-tuheold folksj but-they would not have ic. So the young fools, without a sixpence to bless themselves with, came on board my ship. Sounds like a novel, but it is all just as I told you, and here are the proofs.' "Have you any objection to my giving the name of the ship ?" said the reporter. "Well," said the skipper, "I don't like that sort of sensation, and the owner's don't want these sort of things about the ship in the papers. Here is the boat alongside," said the Captain, and the reporter took a seat in the stern sheets and was soon at the-ixnding-Sarranoisco eMail. 