DUNN 0* THE FIVE. By W. W, It was a strange partnership altogether, strange in itB contrasting elements of charac ter, and in the unusual unanimity of its members, but the very Btrangest thing con nected with the partnership was the fact that it existed it all. There were five of us, and we had drifted together in odd yet every-day ways that one wonld never have expected to produce such a lasting union. Bart and I had been mates at Old Bendigo for about two months before another was added to the nucleus of the five, and though no two characters could be more dissimilar than mine and Bart's, we rubbed on pretty well together until the night we fell in with Dunn. Bart was a big, powerful Irishman, about 27, with a shock of fair hair, merry blue eyes, and a great attachment to his glass when he could get it. He was one of tne most even tempered fellows in creation when in his sober senses, and with an amount of cheerful vitality in his composition that made it a pleasure to work with him ; but given the " glass," and its certain repetition when the fit was on him, and you had a fiend incarnate. Drink was never my weakness, nor is society such as one met with in the restau rants and dancing-saloons of Old Bendigo in those days ; but when Bart was on the go, I shepherded him to the best of my ability, as a mate ought to, especially when he had gold on him, as he had on the night we fell in with Dunn. We swagged our gold about with us in those days until the escort was due, and we had a pretty tidy claim in Shicer's Gully at the time I write of. Well, it was up at the "Spell O," a big restaurant near the Great Lead Claim, that Bart fell into his old misfortune. We had panned out nearly ten ounces that day, and my mate was jubilant. The escort had been due nearly a week, and I began to find my gold belt rather heavy for comfortable wear, but Bart used to laugh and say, "Never mind, old fellow; hang on another revolver to balance it, and you'll dance all the lighter, you know!" And dance he did for half that night like a man who had forgotten the whole world as well as the weight of his gold. If I had not been looking forward to tne certain end of it I should have thoroughly enjoyed the 6ight of the good fellow's perfect happiness; as it was, every hour found me uneasier than the last. Women were scarce on the diggings then, there were only five or six in the great crowded room, but Bart didn't trouble him self about the shape or style of his partner— so long as a man could dance with spirit my mate would keep him up until his head grew dizzy, no matter if he had a beard like Methu selah's on him. And talking of heads, it seemed a miracle that Bart's stood it for half the time. Every now and then he came out to the bar and "shouted" for everyone who would drink with him. The last time he did I saw the end was near, and began to shake in my shoes. There was a tallish man of about 33 or 34, with hair and eyes like coal and a face as pale as ashes, leaning against the bar among the crowd of noisy, smoking, and drinking men near me, and as my mate came blunder ing in from the dancers he pushed rather roughly against the stranger. " Confound it, man, look out!" Bart said, rather irritably. But as the man with the dark eyes and seedy clothes made no reply and continued to smoke quietly, Bart turned on me. He never quarrelled with me but when he was drunk, and he always did then. "Are you blind? What are you standing here gaping and blocking up the door for people to tumble over like a fool? Come on and have a drink." I made no answer either, but took the drink be shouted, and then went back to my post near the stranger, leaving Bart in the centre of a loud, noisy lot of diggers, all in the agonies of " shouting" or being shouted for. " Is that a mate or yours?" asked the dark stranger of me as he put bis pipe in his pocket. " Yes," I said, " and one of the best fellows that ever lived when he's sober." "I should guess that from his face," lie returned. " Why don't you try and get him away ?" "You don't know Bart," I replied; "o you wouldn't ask the question. If I was to moot such a thing he'd knock me down." He laughed a soft, low, pleasant laugh, which showed white, even teeth and his face under such a different aspect that I couldn't help watching it as his eyes were turned toward my aggressively noisy mate ; and as he looked to me again and saw my interested gaze bent on his face the smile deepened until the handsome, dark face seemed, in my eyes, perfectly beautifuL And that was " Dunn o' the Five," though I didn't know it then. All at once the smile disappeared, like the sunlight from the face of a dark hill when a heavy cloud has intercepted his bright beams, and Dunn lifted himself from the counter against which he had been leaning. I saw where he was looking again, and that it was Bart who had got into it once more. He had got into some drunken dispute with a big rough man who had been drinking heavily at his expense, and, just as Dunn raised him self, one man had given the other the lie in a voice that attracted every eye and ear in the bar. It was Bart who had been called the liar, and in his paralysing rage words failed him to retaliate upon his opponent. But, if he hadn't words, he had firearms, and it was the Hash of his fierce eyes, and the quick movement of his hand to his belt, that had caught Dunn's eye in the middle of his smile, and not one instant too soon. As Bart's hand drew the revolver from hiB belt, Dunn sprang forward, and, before my foolish mate could raise the weapon, with one strong heavy blow felled him to the floor. There was a momentary panic in the saloon. Bart's finger had been on the trigger, and as he fell the revolver went off with a loud report, and suddenly the music in nie saloon ceased. There was a rush of bearded and flushed dancers to the door of the room. while the men fell back from the counter and: blocked up the passage. In less fciuatithan it takes to describe it, the space in fioont of the. bar was vacant, save for the presence of the first three of the five. Bqrt had got it hard. He lay quietly insensible where he fell, and 1 stooped over himj half fearing he might be more seriously hlffrt than it proved. Dunn stooped ana lifted the revolver, and laid it on the counter, and then 1 saw that he was shaking like a man nervous to the lost degree, ana that great drops were standing on his forehead, under his battered, clay-soiled hat. "I—I hope I haven't done wrong, he stammered, " but it was better than than m"r\Vrong!" cried the terrified landlord, as the crowd of men began to pour back into the bar. " By jingo, you've done the best job you ever did in your life. Lord knows how many he'd have killed! Get him home out of this," he added, turning to me. 1 ye no objection to reasonable rows, as men will have, hut, by , 1 won't have men m tbe place that draws iron. Here, mister, take a class at my expense, and many thanks. Dunn accepted the drink, and I saw that be was much in need of it, little piessnig then what cause there was for the poor fellow's shaking hands and white trembling lips, and just men Bart began to come to. and scrambled to his feet. The Wow, rather its effects, had Partially sobered him. but it was in a bewildered way that he turned to me and asked me to take him home. n "There's something wrong, Archy, ne said, "but 1 can't quite make _ it out jet. Get me home, like a good fellow. . . ^ He was staggering as he spoke, and looked so white that he frightened me, and I «as glad of Dunn's offer of help. " Yes said I '' give him your arm. You needn t be afraid he'll have a down on you for this. ^ Bart comes to his senses lie 11 be the first to thank j'ou for what j'ou have done. We took him home between us like a great helpless child, under the, W dear calm stars and among; the. heap i of newly upturned "stuff, where the holes looked dark like yawning graves, and_ the ghostly silent windlasses seemed watchnu our progress jealously. " Home " was a good sized tent standing just at the end of Shi -era Gully where our claim was, and I am certain its white roof was never before so welcome to my eyes as it was on that night. We put Bart to bed, stupid and dazed still, but I knew he would sleep all that away, and I was easy about him; aud then I got out the bread and meat and a drop of brandy .we always kept in the tent, and at my pressing invitation Dunn sat down to have a bit of supper with me. I noticed that he ate a hearty meal, and was glad of it; but I never suspected the truth until he told me when he ha"Mato^he said, "I don't know whether you've done a good job for anybody or not, but I believe you've saved my lite, inats the first bite I've eaten for three days, and 1 had nearly caved in." . Words failed me as I stared at him in open-mouthed wonder. " There's a curse on me, he added bitterly. " Everything I put my hand on dies, and no wonder; no wonder that this hand should lie accursed!" He struck it on the hush table as he spoke, and rose to go, but 1 laid my hand on his and held it "You're not going, I said. No man alive shall say that a hard-up mate turned his back on this tent while I've a handful of cold in my belt We want a mate ; stop and chum in with us. I know Bart 11 back it up iTi^bring8' the curse of ill luck on 10"''Wlfririufe curee," I answered, with a laugh, for I never was a superstitious chap, though I am a sailor; and so that was how Dunn became one of the five. LongNat came next. We dragged him out of a shaft one morning when we were going to work. He was " coo-ee"ing like a steam engine, though he'd been at it aU night, and was hoarse as a beetle, and when he got to the surface he began to swear at us all round, as though we had put him in. "A durned set of niggers, he growled, looking pointedly at Dark Dunn, to lie a bed all night, and leave a man here in a wet Bhaft." , , " How were we to know you were down a shaft! How did you manage to get there I " Durned if I know. Got a glass too much at Jollip's. Guess I fell in. Don't remember nought about itand he shook himself like a great dog just come out of a pond. Somehow or other Long Nat took to us, though we were a durned set of niggers, and as by this time Dunn wanted a mate ne joined us, and so became the fourth of the fiv€«» Italian Giacomo we fell in with on tramp, when shifting from Shicer's to Forest Creek. He had just tramped up from Melbourne, a new arrival in search of gold, and was wearied and foot-sore when he fell on our camp. We had a horse and cart of our own, which carried our tools and swags when on the move, and poor Giacomo made himself so useful in getting the animal and harnessing up in the morning that we offered him a share on the spot, and he accepted it. oo was completed our party of five. We stuck together for three years, the best of good fellowship prevailing as a general thing. Of course we had disagreements and plenty of jaw at times, as might have had brothers with each other, but there were no serious troubles; and as for outsiders, what was the quarrel of one was the quarrel ot all. We worked out three claims in New Chum Gully, with gold in every claim, and, at Forest Creek our good luck was notorious and enviable. We were known on every hew rush as weU as "Johnny Allsorts, and it rUflU tto WCU aa 77% 1 ' ~£ al was quite enough to say, he s one of the five," to establish a credit in every open house on a digging. And during all this time there was no change in Dunn o' the Five—I mean no change while our luck lasted ; he was quiet and rather stand-off in his manner to all but me. As a natural consequence of his superior strength of mind and will he had got uncon sciously to be looked upon as our manager by every man of us, and his voice in any matter was final; but he never imposed on ns in any way, and never bounced, ine others knew the value of his brains, and re cognised his superiority in many waysi; and as for me, I loved him as though he had. been of my own blood. Though I never said so in words, he knew it for aU that, did Dunn o the Five, and I met the well-known smile 1 first saw in the " Spell 01" restaurant far oftener than any other of our party. But changes will come, and when we cleared out of Forest Creek we left our luck behind us. We went to Fiery Creek and then to Creswick, and spent fast as we went, but every <claim we got turned out a duffer ; and when at last we were on the old Daisy-hill track,'making for Maryborough, one of the old wooden matchboxes would have com fortably held all the gold we had left. It was alow-Bpirited party that tramped on by the side of the swag-cart aud the old horse, when one evening, near sundown, we came within sight of tne Diggers' Best, a well Imnwh house of entertainment in the lone Sparfcof the old Daisy-hill track. Long Nat stamped along with his inseparable gun over ItfssEwWie^nut, contrary to his wont, hp looted hew""- to ngbt npr left in search of JomrtS^oot Jart had lost ah his "id fnn and jjfe, and crawled behind the SjJySif he didn't care whether he kept up Aiid for many a day I had been uneasy about our Dunn. His brows had set down into a heavy frown, and he seemed so full of dark thoughts as to have no eyes or ears for his mates interests. He had tacitly aban doned the command of the party to me, _ and I, seeing his inaptitude for the responsibility, looked out as he used to do, without daring to question or grumble. He was so changed to me was our Dunn that I felt my throat getting lumpy sometimes when, in answer to some ventured remark, he would turn his dark, fierce eyes on me, as if to threaten for my temerity in speaking to him at all. Alas, the five were not the five at all after their leader grew dark to them ! With one consent a stoppage was made at the Diggers' Rest; the good old horse was made content with a good feed, and one by one the five made their way into the bar and got their several drinks ; but it was an almost silent party, and instead of sitting down and enjoying themselves while resting, as they would have done a few months before, they drifted out again, leaving Dunn and me alone with the landlord. Dunn was standing by the counter, with his hand resting on it. and still holding the glass he had been drinking from; but his eyes were turned to the door, and gazing away over the plain with an ex pression of despair and pain in them that grieved me to the very heart to see. " Dunn," I broke out, " I'd give this hand to see you more like yourself. For God's sake, dear old clium, rouse up, and don't break my heart altogether." He turned and looked at me long and silently, and his eyes gradually softened until the old smile gathered into them, and broke around his lips once more. "You always were a softy, Archy," he said. "You ought to have been a woman. Landlord, give us another glass to wash away care." As the host was fulfilling my mate's order he looked curiously at us both. " May I ask if you be the five?" he questioned at length. " Yes, master, we are the five," said I in return. " And you are Dunn o' the Five?" The question was asked of my mate, who looked not half pleased at the landlord's curiosity. " Perhaps, and pray what of that?" was the sharp return. " Oh, no offence!" the man replied, "only I've heard of you so often. I had a brother in the' Spell 0' at Shicer's Gully the night you struck that blow, and he has often talked of you." '' Struck that blow!" my mate repeated, in such a tone of horror as drew my anxious eyes to his face. It had grown as white as clay, and his distended eyes were fixed glassily on the face of the man behind the counter. " Dunn, Dunn !" I whispered as I shook him lustily, " I am afraid you are not welL Rouse np, man, and come out in the air." " Struck that blow!" he repeated again, as he removed his eyes from the host's nice and i fixed them upon mine. I " When you knocked Bart down, youknow. Don't you remember? He was going to shoot someone and you prevented him." j " Yes, yes, I know now—Bart would have I been a murderer. Oh, Lord, what a horrid word!" and he shook himself with a shudder ing movement as that of a man recalling the touch of a bloody hand. He had turned his back again to the bar, and was looking over the plain once more. The landlord saw that he had somehow fallen upon a sore subject, and was afraid to speak again, but this time it was Dunn who spoke. " What is that new turned ground to the right at the rise of the spur?" he asked. " Is it a digging?" " No—yes—that is to say it was," answered the man, hesitatingly. " Any gold got there?" "Aye, was there! plenty; but it's an unlucky spot, and gold out of it carries a curse with it." " How's that?" I asked, while Dunn turned and looked and listened. " Well, this is how it was. A chap went prospecting between the creek and the old burying-ground, and struck gold. Of course he was rushed, and they run the lead right under the first grave. In spite of all warning and advice, one man was reckless enough to drive on. He was smothered in the drive." " The ground caved in?" Dunn said. "Yes; the graves were close, you see, and the sinking not deep enough to leave 'em bottom. They fell in on him," " Was he ever got out?" "No. 'Twas hopeless to save him, and no man would try. They deserted the place from that day." "Fools!" Dunn said, between his teeth. "Was there no doubt about the gold?" I asked. "Not a doubt. I've bought it of'em time and again—good rough shotty gold, too." Suddenly my mate turned on his heel, and went to the door. "Jack, bring that keg in," he cried, with a return of his old prompt manner and tone, " and see and get a start made as soon as it's filled. We'll camp up the spur on", and, pointing in the direction of the Graveyard llush, Dunn went on at such h pace that he was out of sight before we left the Rest. Barely three-quarters of a mile and we came on Dunn standing by the side of the track, where the grassy hill sloped down to the creek, and great spreading trees grew widely among the scattered underwood. As the last beams of the setting sun lay slant on the slow waters of the creek, and crept up the opposite'slope among the. upturned earth of the luckless diggings, somehow I shuddered as with cold, though the breeze that began to rustle above us was soft and warm as ever felt it on the shores of the Mediter ranean. We'll camp here, boys!" cried Dunn, cheerily, " and see if there are any ghosts at the Graveyard Rush J" " Ghosts I don't believe in no how," said Long Nat, as he propped his gun against the trunk of a tree. "Oh! bedad, I do then," observed Bart. The Burkes are ah ould family, and the Banshee follows them. I never heard it meself, but me mother—" "Here, Bart, drop that, and give us a lift with the swags. Aich, are you dreaming?" It was Dunn who spoke, and I hastened to help in the usual way. In truth I had been dreaming very unpleasant dreams while looking up the opposite slope at the old place of naves of which the landlord at the Rest had spoken. Among the farthest away holes I could see traces of a broken fence, and up on the verge of the hill more oblong fences were outlined between me and the sky, with here and there among-them the gleam of a white-painted and black-lettered slab. As I said before I am not superstitions, but guessmg what was in our Dunn's mind <. I had rather have camped on a shifting sand than within sight of that desecrated burial-ground; I could say nothing, .however, And wben- J our sapper had been cooked aha eaten, we lounged or sat . about the fire under toe6! round moon, I could notkeep-my eyets AwA^' rrom the hifl where ths grey/ ienbOB were standing solemnly ihi the white 'light, and once my . heart jumped inth my throat as 1 saw white shape* mdyjag alo^; among them, until I made out the moving things to be harmless white sheep grazing among the graves. , , * . , , How often I have thought of that night uiucii j. uivvc — since, and of our Dunn o' the Five, as he sat there facing the graveyard on the hill! A swag had been tossed against a log, and he sat upon it, leaning against the log and smoking silently, until the moon rose so high that her beams pierced the foliage far above our heads, and fell upon his dark hair and pale face with an intensifying power no other luminary possesses. Long Nat was chewing—he didn't smoke—and keeping his eye on the branches above, on the look-out for 'possums. Bart was blathering away something about the Banshee again, and happy Giacomo was fast asleep at full length on the grass, when suddenly Dunn dropped his pipe on the grass, sat up erect, and spoke. ,, , , " Boys, how much gold have we got among us ?" "Durned little," growled Nat, cocking his gun with a click as he fancied he caught sight of a 'possum's tail. " If you're talking to me, Dunn," said Bart, with a sigh, " all I can say is that I'm cleaned out—there's not over three or four penny weights in my matchbox." "Matchboxes," said Dunn bitterly, "and we used to complain of the weight of our belts! Well, mates, we're as nearly run ashore as we can well be without being actually hungry, and I suppose none of you will deny that something must be done if we don't want to be swamped altogether." " Hit him!" exclaimed Nat. as he raised the gun to his shoulder, and dropped a possum close to Dunn's feet. " Ef that w*or a moose now, or a b'ar," he observed, as he lifted it by the tail, " it would ha' bin a feed anyhow, but—" "A moose or a 'b'ar' up in a gum tree would be something; to look at Nat," Dunn 3aid sharply, but I'll thank you to attend to what I'm saying—it's a partner ship concern, and a serious one to us all." If you knew where there was a claim with certain gold in it, Nat—mind I say certain—and that the claim was deserted, and only waiting to be worked, what would you do?" " Work it sartain, if the devil stood in the drive !" cried Nat with sudden interest, as he brought the butt of his gun against his boot with a thud. Dunn laughed a soft yet triumphant laugh as he rose suddenly to his feet, and threw back his night-dark hair from his forehead with one hand, and pointed to the Graveyard Kush with the other. "At all events, you and .1 are in for it, Nat! See, do you know what that is ? " "A bit of prospectin', I guess," Nat an swered, as he turned his pale dreamy eyes up the hill. "Not prospecting, mate, it's a deserted gold-field. Archy will tell you its name," . " It's the ' Graveyard Rush,'" I returned in a low voice, for my heart was very heavy that night. Good Lord !" Bart almost Bhouted, as he scrambled up to his feet, aud stood by Dunn's side, staring up at the broken grave fences with his big blue eyes as wide open as he could hold them. "Well?" Dunn said, as he turned to him sharply. " What's all that outcry about ?" "Why it's where they drove under the graves. Just as they dropped on a pocket the coffins tumbled down on them, and smothered them. I wouldn't work there if I starved." "Starve, then!" exclaimed our Dunn, as he turned his back upon Bart, contemptu ously. " I have Nat with me, at all events, and Archy I am sure of—he vnll never desert me. With the old smile and his dark affectionate eyes bent upon me, Dunn held out his hand to me, and what could I do but take it and grasp it warmly, for my heart was in that will never forsake you, dear old fellow," I said; " and you know that well; but I don't like this work." " Why?" "Disturbing the dead seems to me like sacrilege. No luck can attend the violator of graves." " My good Archy, look up at the quiet, innocent sheep yonder, grazing among the the graves. Are they committing sacrilege, think you? Are they violating the dead? The cropping of the herbage they have pro duced does not make the dry bones rattle. What do the dead want of the gold that lies uselessly beneath them? Let us turn in, mates." Without another word he turned and undid his swag, and having shaken his blankets out on the soft, sweet grass, belaid himself down on them as if to sleep. But I know that for hours he did not close his dark eyes. Lying close to him, as it was my habit to do at all times, I could see them sparklingin the moonlightas they rested.aome times on the blue star-sprinkled sky above us, sometimes on the rustling branches of the grey old gum trees, but far oftener on the rise be yond the creek, with its crown of silent graves. Full of a great unrest as was my heart, I could not sleep either, in spite of the wooing to rest of the murmuring water, and the soft lullaby of the whispering leaves. " Dunn," I whispered at last, " what are you thinking of ?" " Just at the moment you spoke I was envy ing the quiet rest of those sleepers up on the hill. My God! what would I not give for the Lethe of death." He sat up as he murmured the terrible words, with an intensity of pain in the tones, and a haggard wildness in his white face that, among allhis changes of mood, I had never seen there before. " I wish I could comfort you, dear old mate," I said softly, " but I know I cannot. You have some sad trouble of the past to carry with you at all times. I cannot, even with the loss of my right hand, comfort you." " Yes you can, Archy—you can. I have often wished to ask you for a promise, and something urges me to speak to- night. Archy, my dear old mate, when I die, will you bury me as 1 stand ? " " As you stand ?" I repeated wonderingly, for I did not comprehend his meaning. "I mean without removing one article from my body. Let no hand but yours touch me. Archy. and let even your hand refrain—" " Dunn, I cried, " surely you do not think —" but I could say no more, for I felt choking. " I think nothing but what is kind and good of you, my faithful Archy ; still I want your promise." "You have it Dunn, if, which may God forbid, you should die while I am near you, no other hand Bhall touch you, and mine Bhall hold sacred everything on your body." My mate seized my hand once more, and wrung it hard, and then he lay down again, and spoke no more. : ivaa late for me when I awoke, for I had mfiii Sleepless till toward morning. I got tip Mfiurriedly, and looked about me. The billy etood by the smouldering fire, and the " grub box" on the grass not far away. Giacomo was fitting at a little distance mending some'' 'part bf the harness and singing feoftly to him self, put there was none of the five in sight. " Good mercy, how late it is!" I exclaimed, na i looked at the sun. " Where are they all gone, Jack?" but before 1 asked the question ?aclt wiinted^o the1 Graveyard-hill without lifting his eyes. "Dunn and Nat went at breakfast-they wouldn't let me wake you and them hastened across the creek. Before I reached the ground I saw by an already great pile of fresh stuff that my mates had been hard at work. At about 20 yards from the bed of the creek the whole surface of a claim had been " paddocked," that is to say, taken out bodily to the " bottom," which was about 5ft. from fhe surface ; from this paddock a drive had been run into the hill, still on the bottom; and I saw at one glance that my mates were clearing out this old drive. Above this drive, perhaps 10 yards from the paddock, commenced the broken, roughly inade and roughly-painted railings of the old craves, and there it was that they had sunken down until the spars had bended and broken, and lay over against each other, telling plainly of the undermined soil and the dese crated bones beneath. My heart stood still for an instant with a great fear. Surely this was the very drive in. which that unlucky digger had lost his life, and where his unre covered bones still lay. . I jumped into the paddock just as Bart and Nat came out, carrying buckets of stuff in either hand. At the first look of my mates' faces I saw they had dropped on the ^ Bart was pale as death, and his arms shook so that the buckets rattled again as he dropped them on the ground; but Nats face was red with strong excitement, and his small eyes blazed with a fierce fire. " By the livin' Lord. Dunn s dropped on it!" he cried huskily. 1 See!" and he grasped a handful of the stuff and let it sift through his fingers, leaving patches of heavy gold and small nuggets lying on his palm. I couldn't speak one word, not because 01 the gold—no, no, not because of that! I stooped and entered the drive, and when 1 got within sight of my mate, Dunn— Dunn 5' the Five," you know—I stopped and looked at him. He was about six yards from the opening, at the very end of the drive, and working close against what had evidently been a " cave in " from the roof ; he had his hat on the ground beside him, and was picking out what my experienced eye told me at once were clay-soiled nuggets, and putting them eagerly into it. Every now and then he looked quickly to the roof above him, and then he would work more quickly, if that were possible, and with a wild trembling of the hands I had never seen in our Dunn be fore. I saw and recognised it all—he had dropped on the dead man's "pocket ' (as a neposit of nuggets in a crevice of the bottom I is called), and the surface of the Graveyard hill was slowly subsiding., Some horrified but smothered exclamation of mine attracted him as he looked up, re cognising me with the old smile deepening and deepening until his handsome face was perfectly radiant, and his teeth shone like ivory amid the dark surroundings of his wavy beard. . .. , _ " For the love of the merciful Father come out, Dunn," I gasped; " the roof's caving in! He gave another quick glance up at the now plainly yielding roof, and cried, All right, I'm coming. Catch the swag! as he lifted the hat with its heavy contents and j tossed it towards the opening of the drive, | and then he bent to seize his pick and fell to the earth, crushed beneath a ton of stuff that fell upon him like a thunderbolt! I shall never forget it, never. I suppose I must always have been a " softy," as dear old Dunn o' the Five used to call me in Ins pleasant moods, and I went mad at the sight of my mate's danger. I could yet see the upper part of his body, but the soil was still slowly sliding down through the breach above, and I knew it would soon be too late to save him. Like a maniac I flew to him, as 1 shouted to my mates outside, and seizing the shovel that fortunately lay within reach, began to clear off the earth quicker, aye, far quicker, than it came down on Dunn o the Five. I soon had help. Bart worked like three men, and Nat forgot to swear. Little we cared, or indeed thought of, our own danger. Dunn must be saved; and when, slowly down with the drifting, sliding, superin cumbent earth, came first tarnished coffin ornaments and then white bones and pieces of rotten wood, we tossed them aside with as little compunction as though they had been broken rubbish in a dust-heap, ne did not think of the dead, we were working for our mate's dear life. And he was sensible and composed through it all; not a word did he utter, not one groan escaped him. His lips were compressed with pain doubtless, ana the moisture lay thick under the dark wavy hair, but he made no sign until our almost superhuman exer tions had lifted the terrible weight from his body, and then he gave a long heavy sigh ere he said, " For your own sakes hurry, lads ; there will be another fall." We lifted him gently, and carried him out to the soft-shaded grass, where, on a heap of our united blankets, we laid our Dunn. The most sanguine of us saw death in his face, and big drops were falling from kind hearted Bart's eyes as he turned his face to hide the tears he was ashamed of. As 1 laid him softly down I left my arm under his shoulders, and he turned his wan face toward me with the dear old smile on his lips and in his eyes once more, and for the last time. i uui nut suffering at alL The spine — jured." And then, as I could not speak, he went on quietly, " It is all right with me, Archy. I am glad to die. I am so tired of my great sin. The punishment of an avenging conscience has been almost more than I could bear. I meant to carry my secret with me, but I couldn't deceive you so. , Take the packet of papers in my pocketbook, and let no eye see tnem but your own, then bury them with me . They will tell you who I am, but I know I shall be always Duun of the Five to you, my good mate." Then he closed his eyes, leaned Ms forehead heavily against my breast, and murmured uncon nected words, among which I could ouly make out, " Dunn o' the Five," and, at the very last, " One blow. [Oh, mother! mother!" Years have passed since that day, and I have passed tnem in my old calling, and master of my own ship, but how well I re- , member the death - damp head that lay againBt my breast, with its white face Mdden, and my tears rolling off the dark hair to hide Ihemsel ee in his dead breast. I can see Bart sobbing on the grass, and Nat clenching his fingers and Bhuttinghis mouth hard as he stood and looked down on our dead mate.v I can see. the unconscious Giacomo bringing the old horse to camp, holding him by one ear, and. hear the Italian's sort whistle and the'rustle of branches above out headB—oh, as plainly as if it had all been as many weeks ago as long years have passed 1 We buried bim him high up beyond the crown of the old graveyard (for po gold should tempt men to disturb DuutfsW^ ' and,more because he wished it than to kS. my own curiosity, I looked over his S ere 1 laid them m hia coffin. The stonl gathered was a sad one, and I need not U It here: enough to Bay that with one hW • - Anroa VirtMpmnpppn , wv>i 1ft his her, net. oimwai on the face of the earth, a con? stricken and, aa he thought, God-a man, what did not out poor mate - _ _ j fn nnpnlr Yim\A. t\r nonn, toaftj "wnav. uiu uui> uui yuur mate sufiet^ and no voice to Bpeak hope, or peace, or tit, in his darkest hours. v « 