FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27,1878. The alleged obstruction of legislation by the Legislative Council is the ground upon which the Ministerial party build their case for a revolutionary reform equivalent to sweeping away the Second Chamber. The charge against the Upper House continually in the mouths of the leaders of the democratic party is that the Council not only possesses under the Consti- tution Act, but exercises in practice, an absolute and perpetual veto, thus, in fact, wielding a supreme power. This is the tyranny so much complained of. And the aBsertion is made with a vehemence and a persistency t wins credit for it. . It is w therefore, that tho public should shown that the plea is untrue, that Council has done no more than exori a suspensive veto, and has done o' that with marked moderation and gi sense. The appeal is to facts. lu other portion of our issue we give particulars of all the disagreements any note between the two Houses, u this return-which cannot be c1 lenged-is fatal to the assumption the democratic orators. The cry of i agitators is, '.' Wo want to abolish 1 " perpetual veto," and a perusal of 1 return will satisfy overy reasonable u that no such voto exists in practi and that the alleged grievance is al gether illusory. The bills rejected by the Council ir bo divided into four classes. The ii consists of what may be called hy critical measures, which are sent up bo rejected, the Assombly preforri that the Council and not it should d charge the unpleasant duties of oxei tioncr. The Permissive Liquor Sa Bill and tho bill to amalgamate t two blanches of the legal profession, i cases in point. The second class consi of bills of which tho country de not approve, and which, having be once rejected by the Council, are more heard of. The Equal Electoral Bill and the bill to abolish all savin banks other than the Post-office Savin Banks, arc prominent specimens of t class. The third division consists bills which, having been endorsed 1 the Assembly more than once, havo be passed by the Council against its ov views and wishes ; but because it 1 cognises that, as a broad rule, it exorcis only a suspensive veto. Protection ai the existing land laws are familiar i stances. The fourth class consists money bills,which have been rejected t cause foroign matter was tacked to thom order to coerce the Council. These a thecauses of the deadlocks,and of the lo of Appropriation Bills involving a sto page of public payments. But there is i instance in which, when the tack h been undone, the money bill has n passed, and the will of tho country bec accepted. A protective tariff was tacke to the annual Appropriation Bill. Who tho tack was undone, and when ti country had declared in favour of pr tection, the difficulty disappeared. I; with payment of members last sessioi Great capital was also made la year out of the rejection of ti Forts and Armaments Bill by ti Legislative Council. In this instance, novel preamble was used, raising que tions of privilege, but the charge < obstruction is unfounded, for the sam year the Council accepted the vol necessary for carrying on the defeiic works when put upon the Estimate: Thus, though the list of single objection taken by the Council may at first sigl appear formidable, they fade away upo examination, and not one instance ca be found in the return, to which we refe our readers, of the exercise of au absolute or perpetual voto-of any dead lock in the ordinary legislation of th country. When challenged to name a case i; support of their proposition, Minister have fallen back upon tho question o mining on private property, and this thoir one instance, deserves considero tion. A " temporary " bill was intrc duced in 1858-9, and an unimportan amendment-the mero extension fo twelve months of the time during wind private contracts were to be recognise) as legal-led the Government of tin day to abandon the measure. And tlv non-vitality and non- urgency of tin question may bo judged of from tin fact that for thirteen years no otho bill was passed by the Assembly. Oni or two were introduced, but thej were abandoned in the Lower House, am therefore if the public interests havi suffered, that body is the culprit. Bu all this time gold mining was beinj actively carried on on private property and is being carried on to-day, and th< natural willingness of owners to co operate with the miner has really ron dered a bill to a great extent unneces sary, and accounts for the apathy of tin Assembly. In 1872, the then Ministei ' of Mines sent a bill to the Council, bul it was extensively petitioned against was warmly denounced by the leadinj members of the present Government and was admittedly imperfect, as it die not contain the regulations for the ad ministration of the measure nor for thi compensation of the owners. Message; passed between the two Houses, and thi bill failed to pass. Then came thi appeal in the case of Wolley and Oilier, v. Tlie Ironstone-hill Company^ a¡ to whether the gold belohged to th< Crown or not, and the Council de cided to wait until the law .wai finally laid down. In 1877, thi Berry Government introduced a bil of tia same extraordinary charactei as their other legislation. Past anc current contracts between mining com ponies and owners of land would not b< legalised by the measure, and thu¡ important existing interests woulc be endangered were it to bocomi law, for companies which have goni to enormous expense in sinking and in machinery on the faith of poa sessing the right to mino on a specified area, might find other people taking possession, and then- property gone The Council substituted a bill whicl legalised existing contracts-a principle equitable in itself, and which every Par liament and every Government Mort the present Assembly and the present Ministry have recognised when dealing .with the subject-and the Ministry, carrying matters with a high hand, refused to debate the proposal. This is the matter on which the democrats rest thoir case, and its selection is evidence how hard pushed they are for any justification of their cry. Constitutional' reform is jlso now in dispute. But the revolutionary bill of this session-the bill which would "decapitate" the Council and " stick its head on a pole "-is the only measure, which the Upper House has rejected, and it has never been before the constituencies. The four cardinal points of the policy of Vic- toria, are protection, free' selection of land at a nominal price, free and com- pulsory education, and a national railway system. In the first two instances, the Council, believing the people to be wrong, gave way when assured of the people's verdict. Our educational system was accepted at once, the Council re- sponding to the popular désire. On the railway question, tho aid of tito Uppor House has been invaluable. It Los heartily co-operated with the Assembly, but has checked its hasto on occasions. In this last session it prevented a blunder in the Goulburn Valley, and induced the present Government to desist from running a railway on stilts through Melbourne and its reserves, and to pinchase the Hobson's Bay Uno in- stead ; and in both instances the Uppor House has earned the thanks of the community. So far from the Council having exercised an obstructive or perpetual veto, there aro at the prc .sent niomeut no tiuestions of any practi- cal importance at issue between the Houses, with the exception of the two already indicated, and regarding which a violent and blundering Government has mado pioposals unjust in themselves, and not, as thore is reason to believe, in accord with the real wishes of the country. It may bo asked, why, if there is no jar which is rot preventable, should all parties be agreed in desiring reform I The reply from the Constitutional party is that the Council as it stands is weak. A narrow elective basis, the large size of its electoral districts, and the long period for which members are elected, dis.ts sociate it from popular sympathy and support, and expose it to insult and aggression on the part of the dema- gogues, who desire to see every interest in the colony handed over to a short- lived Lower House, reflecting the passion of the hour, and based upon manhood suffrage alone. This weakness is the evil which the Constitutional party would remedy. But the charge brought by those who seek tho lifo of tho Council is, as wo have shown, absolutely with- out foundation. For the proposed sotting aside of the Council there is no justification whatever. By the mail boat, which starts te morrow, Messrs. BERRY and PEARSO: will set out upon their mission to th Imperial Government. So many change have been made in their intentions tha it is difficult to know from day to da; what is the precise object they have ii view. At first it was given out tha the Reform Bill, as originally introducet by the Government, was to bo submittci to the Home authorities, with a modes request that they would bo good enougl to pass it through the Imperial Legisla turo without alteration. Thon, aftc a time, it leaked out that ai a concession to. British prejudice! it was possible that the plebiscilun would not be insisted on. This arrange mont, however, had not been long an nounced when we were startled by hear ing that the Ministerial measure woult be quietly dropped, and in onablinj act asked for. This new device was re- garded as a very astute move. It was seen by the " liberal" leaders that it was useless to ask the English Parliamont te sanction their designs when sot forth in precise terms. Their bill showed toe clearly that their desire was te abolish the Second Chamber, and concentrate all the power of the state in the hands of a majority, which for a period of three years would bo practi- cally irresponsible. It loft no oppor- tunity for mystification-no chance ol alluding 'to the imaginary moderation and reasonableness of the so-called " Li " boral " party. An enabling bill would not require to be preceded by a state- ment of views, and the intentions of the Ministry could be left in a state of hazy indistinctness. No doubt if the English Government could be induced to confer power on the Assembly to legislate on the reform question without the concurrence of the Upper House, no settlement of the diffi- culty would so fully meet the wishes of Mr. BERRY and his friends. It would leave thom absolutely free to carry their wildest schemes into effect, and lead within a year to tho absolute subjectiou of property to numbers or to a civil war. But promising as the enabling act arrangement appeared at one time-that is to say, of course, in the eyes of those who imagined that the Imperial Go- vernment could be guilty of the in- justice and folly of passing such a measure-it was speedily abandoned also. The infinite variety of our sapient rulers was by no means exhausted. The next reason assigned for the " embassy " was a readjustment of the relations be- tween the Colonial Office and the gentle- men who, from timo to time, represent HER MAJESTY in the various provinces of the empire. We were informed that the Bystem of conveying instructions in " secret despatches," instead of allowing governors to follow whatever advice their so-called responsible advisers may choose to tender for their acceptance, waa a grievance not to be endured, and one which it would bo the duty of the delegates to endeavour to abolish. " If," said Mr. BERRY, speaking at Sale, " we " could kill that fatal danger contained " in these secret despatches, something " would then be achieved." In other words, if Governors were permitted to do in the name of the QUEEN any law- less or violent act that a number of political adventurers like Mr, BERRY and his colleagues might advise, without remonstrance or reproof from Downing-street, colonial statesmen would find it much more easy to ride roughshod over all opposition to their proceedings. The fact that they are directed to maintain the law renders public, life, according to the Premier, almost intolerable. But even with this fresh excuse for the mission, we had not reached finality. Before long, another reason for the delegation was forthcoming, and how many more there are behind it time alone eau show. Speaking at Williamstown recently, the Chief Secretary said : "AU my fellow-colonists have a right to ask the latest revelation of our minds Before wo take this new departure-this great stop of going in the name of this great colony of Victoria to ask the Imperial Government to give the people of this colony what they only gave to a section of the colony-to carry out in ita true spirit that wonderful gift, the grandest gift ever conferred by one people upon another-tho land of this colony to be the heritage of the people of thiB colony. Wo ask them to review the deed of gift. Wo do not ask them to give us anything more. We have no quarrel-we eau have no quarrel-with the Imperial Go- vernment. We are part of the British Empire, and there is no portion of that vast and wonderful empire more loyal to the tradi 1 tiona, more thoroughly loyal to the Crown, than the people of Victoria. We will oak them to give to the whole people what has been usurped by a section, to carry oat the 1 ttftl epirit of the gift, and to tot the h»is of i the colon} come into the hands of the vast majority of the people " Heie the mattei lests for the present l According to the " latest revelation " of tho Ministerial muid, the distribution of the land amongst the whole people, and i not any particulai scheme of reform, is ?what Messrs BERRY and PFUISON are going homo to foi ward They will be perfectly content if they can securo powers ior the Legislative Assembly, which will enable that body to confiscate tho lai gc estates bj means of a progies sive land tax We do not think the Fnglish Got eminent is likely to regard this latest development of "libeial" policy with ieij gre it fa vom But theie is one thing about this " embassy" which is oven more ridi culous than the fiequent changes which have been made in its* ostensible objects We allude, of couise, to its being pi o ceeded with m the face of the despatch lecently recen ed fiom Su MICHVLL HICKS BLACII on the subject The light lion gentleman does not say that in no case would the Impeiial Govoni ment interfere m oui local affiuis, but he slates cleaily that it would only bo undei conditions which have not jet aasen The " embassy" was only sane tionedinPailiamentbyannirow mijonty, ind we have not the slightest doubt that the decision would have been reversed had the despatch m question been pio duccd befoie the piorogation It is felt to be an nbsmdity even by many who voted foi it on paity grounds A settle ment would have assuredly been at tempted on some such basis as that submitted by Mi SLHAICI-, had it been known in time that the Colo nul Ofhce would only interfeia in the list íesoit, and aftei oveiy chance of solv ing the dillie ilty locally had been exhausted By the unfortunate delay m producing the de- spatch, and the course puisued m dis- missing Paihament without aftoidmg lion members an opportunity ol con sideling its contents, the country has been entiapped into committing itself to a mission which is essentially de grading, and, under existing cucum | stances, absolutely farcical It seems that the despatch of S MICHAEL HICKS-BEACH, NO. 121, di not reach the hands of the Ministi until after the prorogation of Parlii ment. It was delivered to His Exce lency the GOVERNOR on the morning ( Thursday, the 5th of December. The was the day upon which the Goven ment and -its» supporters were having holiday trip down the bay, at th expense of the public, in th Nehon. On the following mon ing, the Chief Secretary, owing t an accident, was not at his office and at noon of the same day the door of both Houses were clo.sed in due lorn: Now, considering the exceptional iru portance of the document which liai been just received, we think the mos dispassionate observer and critic of passin; events would bo disposed to affirm tha His EXCELLENCY committed a very grav oversight in omitting to place th despatch in the hands of his responsibl advisers at tho earliest possible moment failing which the prorogation of VM liament should have been post poned until tho succeeding day, at th very earliest. It was due to both Houses under such altogether peculiar circum stances, that they should have beei afforded, an opportunity of considcrin; the despatch, and of taking such actioi as they might deem to be advisable witt respect to its contents. If this had been done, wo regard it a: more than probable-as almost certair -that a majority of the members of th< Assembly would have adopteda resolutior directing the abandonment or postpone ment of the "embassy." For in the face oi suchanexplicitdeclarationofopinionfron: the Secretary of State for the Colouiej that "sucha step" was only "justifiable " in the last resort," we cannot strain credulity so far as to believe that se many as forty members could have been found who would have voted in favour of persevering in an undertaking from which no advan- tage can now possibly accrue, and which can only subject the colonv to ridicule on tho one hand, while- weakening its credit, at the very moment that credit requires to be strengthened and sustained, on the other. For if any discussion on out affairs should arise in connexion with this Quixotic enterprise in the British press, the facts which are sure to be brought out-the incendiary language and revolutionary threats which have been indulged in by the Chief Secrotary, the Attorney-General, and three of their colleagues-must e.tert a most pre- judicial influence on our securities, and must inspire capitalists with a well founded distrust of the stability of our political institutions and of our social order. Again, the Legislative Council may justly complain of the GOVERNOR'S in- discreet reticence with respect to the despatch. In it Sir MICHAEL HICKS BEACH states that if it ia thought that gentlemen representing loth Houses could with advantage lay their views before him, he should be most ready to hear them, and to place at their dis- posal any assistance or advice he may be able to offer. Therefore, as he has de- fined beforehand the only practical outcome of an embassy, namely, the friendly discussion of a possible settle- ment of the constitutional difficulty, and as the representation of both Chambers is the condition precedent of such a discussion, it follows that this suggestion should have been laid before each branch of the Legislature à tout prix before the prorogation. For, as it is, this conferenco in the Colo- nial Office cannot now take place. The Council, not' being in seâ_on, cannot send representatives to Eng- land, " and Sir MICHAEL HICKS BEACH will, of course, decline to listen to ex jarte statements from Messrs. BERRY and PEARSON, just as he would refuse to do so -from delegates commis- sioned by the other side exclusively. Thus, we are sorry to have to add, " a set " tlement of this difficult and important " question" upon a basis "generally " acceptable to all parties in the " colony " has been frustrated in all pro- bability by the unfortunate procrastina- tion of His Excellency the GOVERNOR. Cable communication was restored on Wednesday, tho temporary interruption 1 having been caused through repairs to the Batavia shore end. We learn that the Italian exhibits intended {or Australia are to he despatched, io. a wat vessel, of which the Duke of Gonoa is to have the command, hut it is not stated whether tho exhibits are' intended for Sydney next year or Mel bourne in 1880 The lion Eliot Yorke who will be remembered as forming ona of the suite of the Duke of 1 dmburgh during his visit to Australia ia dead He was brother to the Karl of Hardwicke M P for Cambridgeshire, and not long ago married a daughter of Sir Anthony Rothschild Hie occupation of Jclla lahad lina been nccompliahed without diili cult}, and vie further leam that since the Ameer a flight from AfghaniBtin his aon lakoob Khan has been proclaimed in his ** alead by theGhilzaca a tribe numbering foo ¿¡¡P SOO 000 to 400 000 and who dwell m tlip-" ¿dill eastern portion of Afghanistan JVC0* ' Hie past two das s havt,'t,tcm. «lanka in tho political world \ctfb \ ey evening Mr Berry was cutertamciUtlcs ?s colleagues at a dinner given at^S.UTmcnt house at which the wives of Ministers were also present lo day an IXecutiv e Council will be held, at which Major Smith will be sivoin in as Irea surer Invitations have been issued to the members of the majority in the House to meet on the Spencer street platform on Saturday morning with a vie« of proceeding to \v llliamstovv i, and huidme farewell to tlio members of the embusBy there Christmas Day was ushered m willi show cry v» eather and the day was somewhat cold and boisterous throughout Christmas waa spent more indoors therefore than ia usually the case and the number of seaside visitors and marine e\cursiou ists was not so large as hat year Itcligious services wero held at the Anglican, the Iioman Catholic and other churches In the evening, "Hie Messiah,' waa Bung at the Town hall to a gre»' audience and sacred concerts were alai held at the Academy of Music and the lern perance hnll while Lcwiss slue troupe of jubilee 8ine,ers aang jubilee songs at thî PrmcCBSH Theatre Yesterdaj, Boxing Day the weather was all that could he desired for outdoor amusements and consequently the holiday was generally observed in the heartiest manner Notwithstanding the high price of admission, some 9.03S people witnessed the english v \ictonan cricket match and the other sports as well as the steamers and trams w ere all crowded In the evening the pantomimes were attended bj overflowing audiences and tho other places of amusement were also largely patronised Official reports regarding the collision which occurred in the Spencer-street station yard on Tuesday afternoon, between the 5.35 p.m. down Essendon train and a pilot engine with several carriages have been received by the department. Mr. J. Sadler, the yard inspector, reports that the collision took place at the point where the Williamstown and Essendon departure line runs into the main departure line. The pilot engine was con- siderably injured though not put out of running order, and three carriages were damaged to such an extent as to require repairing at the Williamstown workshops. The acci. dent, he states, occurred in this way:- The pilot engine was engaged in making up trains, and in doing so was required to run off from No. 2 to No. 3 road, and had five carriages and a mail-van attached. The driver challenged No. 1 signal box to change to the road mentioned, when Mr. Sadler, to save time, told the signalman to "make the road for the Williamstown arrival, and to pull over No. 12 points." This was done, and the signal given to "go ahead." Just at this time, or half a minute afterwards, the Essendon train started. The points however, were not held as they ought to have been, but just as the last vehicle attached to the pilot engine was on the last crossover points leading, to Nos. 2 and 3 roads, the signal is stated to have been given to the pilot engine, which was travelling at a very slow rate, to stop. If this had been attended to, Mr. Sadler alleges that the pilot engine could have pulled up within a car- riage or at most two carriage lengths and the Essendon train would have been cleared by over 100ft. The driver of the pilot engine, however, does not appear to have noticed the signal, and hence the collision. The reports of Yard- foreman R. Spall and Signalman Fricker are to a similar effect, but the driver of the pilot engine denies his responsibility for the accident, and a full inquiry will be held. Another old colonist, ve regret to learn, lias passed away-Mr. S. 1'. Winter, of Murndal, whose death is announced ia to-day'a issue. In 1831 Mr. Winter arrived in Tasmania, where he purchased sheep early in 1837. He came over to Port- land in March of that year, and occupied Mount Cloy and the country between the Surrey and Fitzroy rivers. The same year ha selected country on the Wannon, of which, the present Murndal station is a portion, and in March, 1838, accompanied by his brother, Mr. Trevor Winter, he removed his stock thither. In 1852 he went home across the Isthmus of Panama, and was attacked by the worst form of y ellovv fever, from the effects of which his constitution never recovered. Mr. Winter was a liberal contributor to the support of the Church of England. The Rev. Daniel Lordon, who during the last 10 years has been attached to St. Francis's Church, Iionsdale-street, died at the Frcsby. tery early on Christmas morning, from paralysis. Father Lordon was a native of the County Cork, and was educated at the Foreign Missionary College of AU "allows, Dublin, After spending some years in the West Indies as a missionary, Father Lordon came to Victoria, and was imme- diately appointed a professor in St. Patrick. College. He occupied that position for two years and afterwards officiated for two years more at St. Patrick's Cathedral, at the end of which time ho waa removed to St. Francis's, where ho remained till his death, About a month since the deceased rev. gentleman had a paralytic stroke. Two other strokes wera quickly sustained, and the deceased suc- cumbed. Father Lordon was Co years of age. Ho was deeply versed in ancient and modern, languages and in theology. As a priest he was zealous and self-sacrificing in an an* common degree. Yesterday morning a solemn office and high mass for the repose of the de. ceased clergyman's soul were celebrated in St. Francis's Church. The Most Rev. Dr. Goold presided, and thero were 17 clergymen present. The mass was celebrated by the Very Kev. Archpriest O'Meara, tho Rev. D. Quinn and the Rev. J. Horan actings» deacons, and tho Rev.T. Donaghy as master of the ceremonies. The remains were aubae« qttently deposited in the vaults beneath the Catholic mortuary chapel in the Melbourne General Cemetery. Mr. F. Ormond, who has rendered Bael» signal services to the Presbyterian Church and the colony by the munificent gift of £10,009 towards the erection of an affiliated college in connexion with the University, proceeds to Europe by the outgoing mail, We are informed that this handsome eura has been paid into tho Bank of Victoria to the credit of the treasurers of Ormond College. It will be remembered that at the request of tho committee entrusted with this matter Mr. Ormond attached to his gift the con- dition that a like amount should be raised from other sources before the end of the year. Although .the condition has'not yet been literally fulfilled, it will be gtatifyü_ to the public to leam that the sums altead* received, together with promises of further contributions, warrant the committee in believing that there will bo no difficulty ia realising the full amount of £20,000. Mr. Ormond carries With him the best wlshe. of a large circle of friends, who will be glad to> welcome him again to our shores. Mr. B. P. S. Sturt waa yesterday presented with, a hundióme i Bilver claret jug by th» clerks and o_cq_ of the City Courti, with whom he has been associated during bia long career as senior police magistrate in tho ' metropolis. i . Mr. Wm. Howard Smith, of the Melbonn.» Steamship Company, yesterday received a telegram from London, stating that tho "steamer Keilawarra left Cape de Verde for Melbourne on the 20th inst." She must have made a very fast run. The cricket match between the Lord Harris' Eleven and 15 Victorian players was begun on the ground of the M.C.C. yesterday. The ?weather was fine, and there were about 9 0i persons present The Victorians went fir to the wickets, und when the game was di continued they had scored 2S8 runs, with tri wiekcta to fall D Campbell made the fn score of 128 without giving a chance an rvvas then run out The match will be coi turned to day, when there will he an oppo tunlty of seeing the Englishmen batlin, Hies are expected to maki» a long score The members of the Canterbury cricketing team arrived jesteiday from Lyttelton, N / by the s s Arawata The following casualties were admitted into the Melbourne Hospital during the last two days, namely, William Cookson, about 20 years of age, residing in King William- street, Fitzroy, having sustained concussion of the brain, caused through being thrown out of a cart at the corner of Little Bourke and Stephen streets; William Clay, aged 40 years, residing at Doncaster, suffering from a fractured leg, which he sus- tained through falling off a drag; Samuel Cracknell, a jockey, aged 30 years, living at Newmarket, who was thrown from a horse he was riding at the Williamstown Races on Boxing Day, and received injuries to the chest and ear, besides a severe shaking. Dora White, 19 years of age, living in Pro- vost-street, Hotham, suffering from an injury to the head, caused by a fall from a swing in Carlton. A little boy named William Benson, between three and four years old, was also admitted into the institution last night, suffering from an injury to the hip joint, which he received through being run over by a cab at Mordialloc during the afternoon The injury was not of a very serious nature and the wound having been dressed the lad was enabled to leave for his home in Collingwood. A rather extensive fire occurred shortly b< fore 3 o clock on Christmas morning b which two dwelhnghouscs, situated n buckingham street, Itichmond, were totall destroyed, whilst two adjoining tenement wero very considerably injured The hous in which the fire originated, w Inch was con structed of wood, was occupied by a cabmai named King At a few minutes before o clock Mrs King found that the place wa full of smoke, and having arouse* her husband it was found that the housi waa on tire, and an effort was made to sav< tho household furniture and effects, bu owing to the rapidity with which the llame advanced only a portion of the furmtur could be removed into the street Tin Simpson's road brigade were promptly n attendance, und were speedily followed b: the Metropolitan, Richmond, Carlton, am Albion brigades, but by this time the flame: had obtained a firm hold of the building, ant notwithstanding the exertions of the firemei they wero unable to prevent the fire fron communicating with tho adjoining premises which wero occupied and owned by Mr David Morrow, and were also destroyed Two neighbouring wooden tenements had e narrow escape from total destruction, but the bngadea to a considerable extent succeeded it saving the premises which were occupied bj Messrs Cowan mid Cook Mi Cook states thal tie is uninsured, but the losses occasioned by Messrs King, Morrow, and Cowan art covered by insurance Theongmof the ti« is at present unknown At about 2 o clock yesterday morning a fire broke out in an unoccupied house of live rooms, situated m N ightingale street, Bala c1 iva owned by Mr Kiordan The Prahran and St Kilda brigades were in attendance but the flames spread so rapidly that the building was almost totally destroyed before any service could be rendered by the brigades Hie onyn of the fire is at present a mystery and it could not be ascertained whether the building was insured oi not A seaman named J Napp committed suicide by hanging himself at the Newmarket Hotel, ¡sandridge, on Wednesday night At about half past 10 p m the deceased, who had been lodging at the hotel, was found hanging from a chandelier in ono of the bed rooms of the hotel by a man named Archi bald Menzies.who at once cut the body down, and gavo information to Constable Mullaney Dr Smy the who w as sent for upon his arrival pronounced the man dead The body was removed to the morgue where it now lies awaiting an inquest, which will be held by Dr Youl, the city coroner, this morning Yesterday morning two boys named Wil him Smith and Arthur Cook while passing au enclosure opposite the Christian Brothers acnool, in Victoria parade, found a large sired Btone jar, containing the dead body of a uewlj bom male child The lads directed the attention of Constable Graham to the matter, who conveyed the body to the morgue where it now lies awaiting the coronet s inquest There appeared to be no marks of violence about the body, which was quite naked A case of infanticide httB been brought *o hc,ht by Sergeant Parkinson, of Prahran On Thursday morning the sergeant discovered the dead bodj of a newly bo-n female child lying under the floor of a house situated m Bendito street, Prahran, occupied by a young girl named Henrietta Jennings and her mother The body, which was in an advanced stage of decomposition, was re moved to the local police station, and Sergeant Parkinson, m company with Con stable Charles, subsequently arrested the girl Tennings on a charge of concealment of the birth of her child The girl waa unable to stato whether the child w as born aliv a or not, but she added that the father of the child in structed her to dispose of the body in the manner described A fight took place betweon two constables and two larrikins on the Iitzroy cricket ground yesterday afternoon The two lam kins had climbed over the fence for the purpose of evading the gatekeeper, but being detected in the act by the constables a chase took placo, which resulted in the offenders being bailed up, but as soon 03 an attempt was made to convey them to the lockup they fought desperately, and knocked the con stables down several times, and it was not until assistance was obtained that they were secured and conveyed to the station The inmates of the Immigrants Home were regaled with their usual annual tieat ou Christmas Day, and thoy appeared to enjoy themselves Tho womens depart ment was noticeable from the creditable attempts at floral decoration E ich of the children was presented with a suitable toy, the gift of Miss Budd and the working party connected with Mr Budds educational in Btitute for young ladies, the latter sending also a very acceptable parcel of new garments Two members of the committee were mattend ance.and handed to each child the allotted toy "vnth an encouraging word A large number of donations in kind, such as flour, currants, raisins, wine, and other articles of con sumption, were received from various mer ch&nts; and brewers, and enabled the com .mitlco to make the Christmas festivity ono of genuine enjoyment to nil A real Chnstmas tree is m preparation, on which will bo hung the handsome gift of toys presented by Mr Peterson ThiB treat is appointed for to night, when the committee and other friends of the institution will take a part m the evening's enjoyment Mr Woolley, the honorary secretary, has received about £30 up to the present in response to the appeal recently made m our columns Mr John Finlay sends us the following description of a mixture for poisomng rabbits, OB used by a number of settlers in the Wimmera district, and found successful in destroying a great number -Directions foi poisomng rabbits with phosphorus -Get an iron tub, to hold 80 gallons Put lib of phosphorus in lb gallons of boiling water, stir it well for 10 minutes, mixing the phos phonis with water Put one ounce of oil of «odium into it, then put 1001b of wheat into the 10 gallons of water, and stir it well for 20 minutes, mixing the phosphorus well fro the bottom of the tub Allow it to settle f 12 hours, then put sufficient flour on ti wheat, stirling it until it becomes a litt thiek, so that thrco or four grains of ti w heat w ill stiel., together The mixture nv then be divided in hucketo, and dropped < b-ire ground, free from grass from a cart . waggon, at about lib to the chain, at 4 to p m , on sueh places as rabbits will cross t going to feed This mixture must not 1 dropped on dry gross, as it will ignite, at: care must be taken not to allow pigs to o poisoned rabbits, or sheep or cattle to eat ti mixture, as death will ensue immediate! Whero rabbits are plentiful the mixtui nny be laid every third or fourth day in ti: summer months, when there is no gree grass The Iederal Stamlatd states that ltwi probably be necessary to appeal toMelboun liberality to assist the numerous loieraby ti destructive hurricane which devastate Chiltern on Tnday last A man was killed at Bannaby, near Goul- burn, New South Wales on Saturday last, by a blow of a cricket-ball. It was elicited at the inquest (says the Goulburn Herald) that the deceased, John Bogg, was a farmer. He was acting as umpire at a cricket match on Saturday. The ball was hit by a man name Whitehead, and struck deceased under the left ear. He fell instantly, but he rose to his feet and then fell again. After the deceased fell the second time he neither moved nor spoke, and in a few minutes after the ball struck him he died. He was an old cricketer. When struck he was not more than seven yards from the wicket. Rowland Whitehead deposed that deceased was standing near the short-leg in the capacity of umpire. Mr. John Hillas was bowling. He bowled witness a leg-ball, which carne to him on the hop. He hit the ball to leg with all his strength. As soon as he struck it he ran for the other wicket, and did not watch the ball. When he was turning at the other wicket to come back he saw deceased staggering, and some of the men running towards him. He looked to see whether there was any mark under or behind deceased's ear, but there was none, nor any sign of a blow. The ball played with was one of Duke's usual cricket balls. The deceased stood nearer the wicket than umpires usually do, and was cautioned. The jury found that deceased died from the effects of a blow from a cricket ball accident- ally received. A few days ago (says the Dubbo Despatch, a strange adventure befel Mr Richard Ridge superintendent for Messrs Richardson, a Moonagee He was returning from an ia Bpection of some country at and beyoni Coopers Creek, belonging to Mr W W Riehardson In his buggy were two cattli puppies a numbor of charts of the countr; ho lind been examining and taking over, 12' revolver cartridges, a pound caniste: of powder and a five barrelled revolve: loaded in all the chambers Whilst dnvinj along the M arrego, 20 miles or so from Cun namullo, ho heard ono of the dogs growling and lool ing down discovered the buggy wai on fire He jumped out at once, unharncssec the pair of horses and led them away fron the vehicle Coming back to the buggy, h< found tint while ho was taking the horses out the puppicB had been burnt to death Ile then attempted to sav esome of the luggage but just as he was leaning over the buggy the cartridges commenced going off righi and left Ilullets nore Hying about in all directions, and he was hit ni three places -on the shoulder, shin, and thumb The wounds were not severe, fortunately onlv breaking- the skin, but under the circum stances Mr Ridge was remarkably fortunate that he was not dangerously or mortally wounded About this time Mr Roborf Ne ti, of Cooper a Creek who was travelling in company with Mr Ridge, came up m his buggy Mr Ridge waved his hand foi him to keep back but Mr Neal did not understand what waa meant, and the first intimation ho recciv ed of the state of affairs waa from a bullet which whizzed past his ear The revolver had by this timo com menced to discharge its leaden load, and in the meanwhile Mr Ridge (who went to the horses) had to remain m close proximity the animalB being too frightened by the report of the cartridges to move Tho canister of powder now exploded, and shattered the body of the buggy, pieces of it flying m all dlrec directions Nothing was now left but the wheels and undercarriage, and Mr Ridge had to travel tho remainder of his journey m Mr Neal s buggy The Home Neus of November 7 Bays - 'We hear that Sn 1 liornas rider, who has already shown so great liberality in promot ing the exploration of the unknown regions of Australia intends shortly to despitch another expedition into tho interior, under the command of Mr Tesse Young, who was astronomer to Mr Ernest Gile3s expeditio _ Mr loung has been in England for som time past making preparations for it » journey, and sailed for New York, en imite for Australia, a few days ago In its theatrical gossip the Home -Veros has the following - ' Mr J B Buckstono, the celebrated comedian, is said to bo in great distress and m very bad health A public subscription lias been commenced on his behalf Mr Sothern is suffering from a sudden paralytic Bei¡_ro, from the effects of which he is not expected to recover for a long time A disgraceful disturbance occurred at Rochester on Saturday night, or rather early on Sunday morning. The Reverine Herald states that some seven larrikins of the rougher sort wound up a drinking bout by attacking all peaceably disposed persons who had the misfortune to cross their path, and otherwise conducting themselves in so riotous a manner as to effectually alarm the township. The police (two in number) having been sent for, attempted to quell the disturbance, but their arrival seemed but to further excite the desperadoes, who rushed upon them, violently assaulting Constable Ralph, to the severe injury of two of the fingers of his left hand, and threatening, in the event of an arrest being attempted, to "knock his brains out." Aimed as they were with a long clothes line prop, fence pickets, and bricks the infuriated bacchanalians drove the police and about 20 spectators before them almost the length of the main street. Ultimately the disturbors of the peace cleared out; but though victorious for the time, the ring- leaders, being known to the police as Sandhurst roughs were followed with warrants to Elmore, and three of them were captured and brought up at the Rochester Police Court on Tuesday, and mulcted in the sum of £7 10s. for insulting behaviour, with the alternative in default of two months' incarceration. Our San Francisco correspondent, writing on November 25, sends the following items of theatrical goBBip -" Tho company of bur. lesquera at the Standard, of which Willie Edouin and his wife, Alice Atherton, are the chief, is very popular, and draws crowded houses nightly They aro doing Byrons "Babes in the Wood' at present The Grand Opera house, atter a per sistcnt Btrugglo by Manager Bert, has had to Buccumb, and close its doora An ex cellent chorus has been fully rehearsed in "Carmen, in expectation of tho speedy arrival of the opera company now being formed in Europe by Mr WiUiam S Lyster for California and Australia Miss Augusta L Dargon will probably leave for Sydney by the December boat She recently made a professional tour of Oregon and British Columbia, with largely profitable results. With reference to the fatal illness of the late Mr Charles Summers, the correspondent of the Daily News writes from Rome:-"The deceased artist, who left Rome at the end of August to proceed to England for the benefit of his health, on reaching Paris was suddenly taken desperately worse with an acute goitre in the throat, brought on by drinking the aqua marcia in Rome, which water is very cold, and contains a large proportion of magnesia." In describing the work of Mr Summers, tho same writor states -"The hilt of a presentation sword which was subscribed for in Melbourne and sent to Garibaldi at Caprera, was his work Colonel Veccchi, in his letters, mentions being present when it was unpacked and says the general was particularly pleased with the figure of 'Italia Libera,' it being the first time he had seen Italy represented as free on the various swords presented to him Curiously enough the sculptor was present at the consummation of united Italy, for after narrowly having escaped being, shut up in Paris during the siege there in nv ed at ltomo just m time for the siegetherc in 1870, and had an escape while standing on the roof of his house from a bomb which a little further on fell on the house of another English sculptor, Mr. S. Wood. Mr Summers settled m Rome in I866 on his return from Aus tralia. His studio was in the Via San Niccolo da Tolentino, where he worked indefatigably, going into the studio early in the morning and remaining often till late at night. With such application did he labour for the last nine years that few sculptors ever accomplished more work than he did in the same time. A work, completed only shortly before his death, was four sitting portrait statues of Her Majesty, the Princess of Wales, the Prince Consort, and the Prince of Wales. The admirable manner in which these figures are treated and executed would make the reputation of any artist. That of the Princess is a beautiful piece of work, as ex- cellent from the natural feminine grace of the figure as the exquisite arrangement and carefully studied drapery. The representa- tions of Her Majesty and the late Prince Consort, with that of the Heir Apparent, are perhaps the happiest which have been made of our Royal Family." The bazaar In nid of the Magdalen Asjlum will re open this afternoon in the Town hall, and v, ill be continued until Saturday night A concert will be given this evening under the direction of Hen Gorlach No doubt owing to the dulness of the season the bazaar this year has not been so successful as the last, but it is anticipated that with the patronage of the country v isitors during the next two davs the ba7aar when closed will realise a substantial sum A concert of sacred music was given on Christmas niejit at the Princess a lhextrc by Lewis Negro Minstrels The pieces given wero all of a very Bimplo character but they were well sung by the troupe whose -voices mingled well togethei in the chorus Mr Hobbs was loudly applauded for the solo " Softly she faded, and the concerted pieces Did my Lord deliver Daniel and "Wait till we get on the road were encored It waB announced that the concert was to be interspersed with descripti.e remarks on slav ery by Mr G "W Collier, and that gei tie man appeared to carry out his part of the piogramme, hut he was not a success in it, as he did not appear to remember it w oil The members of the Volunteer Engineer corjis intend giving a grand" military pro monade concert in tho Botanical gardens on New Year s o\ c Tho gardens will be illumi nated by a rjowerful electric light produced by Siemens dynamo electric machine, worked by steam power There wall also be a coloured fountain illuminated by the lime light, to gether with an assavl cVai mes by members of the volunteer force, the whole concluding with a brilliant display of fireworks iho musical pci formers will consist of a double quaitctte party under Herr Her¿, the haul of tho Engineer corps, and a band of High land pipers What was described m the bills as a " Ghost Pantomime was produced at the Athenajum hall last night It was diQicult to guess what the pieco was about, for the actors did not appear to be perfect 111 their parts, and at times the dialogue could not be distinguished 10 make up for this deficiency, however, the spectral appearances were ex tromely well managed, and some of tho changes were much applauded Iho enter tammont concluded with the " Ghosts Re- ids m the Haunted House "Alfred the Great' was repeated at tho Academy of Music last oveuing Some judicious excisions have been made, and the piece now runs more smoothly than on the first night It has beautiful music, an excel lent company, and great caro displayed in the mounting Last night Mr Linton tilled tho part of Dumilf, owing to tho absence, through illness, of Mr George Leopold, but it is hoped that Mr Leopold will soon be able to resume his place "Uncle Toms Cabin formed the enter tamment j esterday evening at the Princess s Theatre, where for many weeks it had a sue cesBful run The Blondenetto Lady Minstrels gave their entertainment at St George s Hall last night, and pleased their audience by some pleasant singing * 10 e Opera house last evening the panto iue "Pluto was repeated to a large hence, who seemed thoroughly to enjoy the lun of the performance An "indignation meeting is announced to be held at the Reform Club Hotel this evening to " consider the conduct of tho P and 0 Company in refusing Mr Henderson a passage to England by the RMS Assam 