OUR Ai!iLA.TEUR TH I3ATRIC A LS AT BOOL ON a. He jests at soars who never felt a wound — Rojieo. One of the most awful recolloctious Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolo.ng, liad of iiis youthful days, be used to declare, was when be made his first and only appear.ance as Jan actor at .a private amateur the.atrical entertainment at his own bouse in Boolong. He, for soma unl;no wn reason , nad conceived that be was bom to be an acldr — to tread the boards like the great Oarrick and the elder Kean— but it was, foolish notion, soon kuockcd out of his head after his peculiar dchut. Ou finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect noyice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of . their several theatres, he resolved to " take the bulLby the horns'' and get up a company of his o\yn down at his place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to dp -the tiling well a-id in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their hour upon the' stage," and one or two see ly outc.asts of the profession V and" he looked forward to the production of his pet play, " Hamlet," himself as the Prince, with much excitement, not unalloyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a month's constant rehearsal, were iretty perfect in their words before the curtain went up, but after it did mosl of them forgot, them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated/ and the ATi/iji likewise; Ophelia, (va amateur, burst into a. nervous fit of tears before, she said a dozeu lines. Banbury was roared at by the local pereonages who assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But tliis was not the worst, for Banbury found tbat.whcn the bills came in the expense was. twice as large as lie had expected, and he could not meet them. " The fellows,", he used to say,. " allowed me to have whatever I wanted on -.credit, because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide: a strict Method ist, would pay them, but I knew very well helwonld do no such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap pings, for if there was one thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre." "What was he to do ? His uncle would disinherit him, turn him out of the house he had furnished for him, and send him adrift on the world. What was he to do? His creditors would not wait and he would be a miserable pauper. But for all this he did nob lose his house, and his poor uncle's fortune is in the bank in his name, thanks to the timely aid of one who -is a friend to the drama as well as to the rest of the mn-Zd, who advanced him the needful. Need we say his name. . No ; all know him 1 But we may as well remark it waS:the _6'7trt«>i«/i. of the distressed, DAVID, HENRY, of 52 Collins street east, ' "Who has from £5 to £10,000 to lend onnolesof hand, bills I of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life policies, certificates, deeds, hill of lading, legacies, goods, > merchandise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- ) sons may he entitled to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to suit the convenience of borrowers. ) Bills discounted daily at tbe lowest rate of interest, and \ mortgages from 6 per cent. 