NEWS SCRAPS. The rains have materially bemefiitStiiB* grape crops in,alldirections!"". i: Further intelligence lias been received from 0."£. Jones, who is «t3Iin Ohinsgp, , In sad around Wirw^ielHBaj'flte country Is overrun withrabbits. Foxee are said' to lie plentiful fit Little River, near Geelong. r The ton." J. G. Francis is menlicmed as a probable candidate for WarrnambooL; Mr George Brace, a respectable farmer. of Koroit, dropped down dead yesterday. c - , A Law and OrderDi'fence Association lias been, fcimed al Caslert<)n,and another is to be formed at Coleraine. ; Four vineyards in the Geelong district hare been destroyed owing to $heir-being infected by the phylloxera vast&trix.; : The : '«mnnn1 fire brig-adodemonstration this year, will take place , in Melbourne on the 23rd and 24th Hay. • . The Moira ghost sensation hBssubaded; the whole business appears to have been a. hoax. • A large number of commercial. advertisements are stated to have been withdrawn by the mercantile community from the jige. - MrPanton,-tMt., ifl to do doty at jEohuca as well as at Melbourne, Ballarat, Maiyborough, Dun oily, and -ehsewhere. A woman named Mary Rerrigan, whose husband is caretaker of the Treasory building, committed suicide on iUdsj aftecnooB. HIB Exoellency the Governor will be received in Ballarat in great state whs he opens Juvenile Industrial Exhibition. A .partial eclipse of the moon will take place, and will be visible in Australia on die evening of the 17thTebrnary. Mr W. J. T. Clarke haa refused to go cri" with tie erection of buildings at-Creswick, owing to the present stagnation of trade. The Minister of Bail ways has Gent a circular. to all the atatiomnasters throughout tile . colony, directing them to economise clerical labor as much as possible. A successful experiment was recently made to test the -nine of bicarbonate of soda_ in case of burns, by Dr. Waters, when speaking before the Massachusetts Dental Society. Hie Minister of lands -mil almost immediately increase the upset price of Crown lands by 5s and 10B, or even 20s per acre, according to its value. Mrs G. S. Batters, wife of the well-known proprietor of the Victoria dub, was seized with an apoplepticfit cm Thursday, and died almost immediately. Clara Dubois, -wife of the honorable Mr Windham-Stanhope, one of the lights of J comlcopera in London, is about to appear in Melbourne. ' The Wimmerashire Council propose to ask {or a governmental loan of £30,000 for waterworks at Horsham, and thirteen large tanks in different parts of the shire. - There iv a strong impression abroad, the Herald aays, that the Government intend to propose an Amending Sectoral Act as soon; as the recess fairly begins. j A. late number of the South Australian' Government Gautte offers a bonus of £10,000 for the discovery of a payable coal field within the province. The Hamilton Spectator states thatJVfim'y, ten purpose creating a number of new *3oetioes of the peace, as a reward for political services rendered. ' IThe warden at Blackwood lias reported to" the Mining Department the discovery near 1 : Barry's Beef of a reef two feet in thickness* and showing a little gold. ESorts are being made to form a company to work the ground. ' The Sordid says that Mr Variey is a. member of the Plymouth Brethren fraternity,: and has been pretending to work for the : various denominations, whilst secretly making converts for his ow sect. ; Mr Gudeman, late accountant of the Treasury, and the ablest officer of that department, has . received the important appointment of inspector of the Banks' Clearing House. The Earl of Donoughmore, the newlyoppointed Under Secretary for tbB Colonies, was lately ie Tasmania, where he married. The Countess of Donoughmore is the daughter of a well-known Tasmanisn colonist. The Government have determined that electoral registrars shall be empowered to sell the gtiilliTijT fee stamps which -the 33eptoral Act requires shall be provided wTien application is made for an elector's Tight. The Minister of Railways bas consented to issue excursion tickets at low rates to young people under twenty-one, attending the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition at Ballarat. Monday's Herald learns that the tightness in the money market is beginning to make itself felt in an nnmistakeable manner in business circles. Even the wages in the protected boot factories have been lowered. A well-known resident of Jones' Creek, Dear Dunolly, named John Haggerdom, was arrested on Saturday by the police on two charges of defacing the brands of a number of sheet), and using and the same. At St. AWTMI^, A public meeting has been addressed by- Mr B. SI. -Smith, M.LA., and . Mr Joseph Jones. These gentleman had their hearers with them in their emphatic condemnation of the Ministry - in provoking ' the present "^pr", and tile resolutions - submitted were carried with applause. The hon. the Chief Secretary has received a communication from & well-known resident of Melbourne, who formerly held a commission in the British army, suggesting the raising of &n; corps of 1000 men for the defence of the port in the event of a. hostile descent on our shores. Thompson, the well-known ' leviathan bookmaker, has taken the Royal Mail Hotel, at the comer of Bourke and Swansten streets, Melbourne. Thompson has had a rough tame of it lately,"having been very hard bit over Chester for the Cap, and First JQng for the Champion. Don Jean House/ it is said, is to be let. Mr Stephen Tom "Wheeler, anold Ballarat reporter and mnraniaji of note, died a day or two once. Mr Wheeler's history was a varied one, he having held from time to time ^ftw^ing positions in the orcheefcras of many of the principal theatres—when Catherine Hayes, Saza Slower, arid' Madame Anna Bishop were witching the world with «ong. . The learns that one of our leading timber merchants, having been compelled to circumscribe his operations in consequence of & decrease of £1500 per monthin bis business, and having in consequence dismissed come men, the latter were ..immediately secured by a Sydney contractor, and 8*8 to leave the colony. At the Wesleyon Church, EmeraldHIll, on Sunday morning, the 3£ev. Mr Ironsides, during bis discourse, took occasion to refer iton a political point of view, find -very -wannly condemned the coniinrt of those who were to blame for the distress -which now undoubtedly exists amongst a very large section of the community. • , There have been Belaya in paying the dismissed officers of the Education Department their'compensation.. -The Jls^ra/jAsaysthat \- rumors are freely.circulated that the Governjnent does not kriuw where to get tJie neoesaary money. The compensation to the officers of this departaiumt, which -is outside the regulex Civil 6ervioe,isnbt provided by 6pecial appropriation. - MrJBird, Mi-A-, through having a con science of his own, bss given offence to the T.Thomla of bis constituency. He, declined to be present at a recent meeting, and the; ' Ballarat Star states that after liquor, boo- Jioos, and groans, an .excited opponent proposed the neat sentiment—'!* May _ the dogs of hell chase him o ver the mountains of damnation." " - 1 