IMEV/S Of 1 HE DAY Munhipal matters aro attracting con- siderabb attention in various wards of the city at present. A warm contest is oxpooted in Latrobe Ward botwoen Mr John Wnlte- mr.n nni Mr Meares. A requisition to the former s being extensively signed through tho wald. For Gipps Ward Mr James Gartou scc-mB .ikely to obtain Mr Curtain's seat witbou; opposition ; nnd there seems little likelihood ol opposition to tho return of Mr Ben. Lac, the retiring councillor. For Vic toria Ward. Or. Arnold's resignation, to gether with the fact that Or, Ourtaln is in tho field for his old scat, make things pretty lively Tho formidable requisition, signed by al classes presented to Mr Ourtain, together with the fact of bis haing so we 11-known, should make bis return certaiu.Mr Wharto also an old resident, it will be seen from our advertising columns, offers himself for the vacancy cnuscd by Mr Arnold's retirement; nnd as tlio gentlemen we mentioned on Saturday retire and are going to support him, he should stand well. Mr Kenneth Guun, contractor, may also bo a candidate for the snme vacnncy, should the requisition which is being got no for him, seem favor able. Mr Aaron Waxman was to-day re quested to become a candidate for this ward, and promised to give an answer to-morrow. With Or. Story, mayor for tlio town, whose sympathies have always been with Oarltou, should a couple of good loonl men, who will work togethc, be olectod, tho prospects of the northern portion of the city should be looking up. The dispute between tho Harbor Trust and Messrs Wright and Orr does not appoar to have advanced any nearer to n settlement. The Harbor Trust desire n special case to bB sthted for tho Supreme Oourt. To this Messrs Wright and Orr's solicitors object on the ground that it would be impossible to cotuo to an agreement as to the fact. The dock owners are, however, willing to submit the matter in dispute to arbitration, or to accept service of a Supreme Oourt writ. Some letters on cricketing subjects appear in our fourth page. In our advertising columns Councillor Arnold intimntOB to the ratepayers of Vic toria Yard his retiremont from tho City Council as their representative. During his term in the Council, Councillor Arnold has won tho good opinions of all classes of the community ; and very geuora regret will, we feel certain, be fel at tbe unfortnnats circumstances which compel that gentleman to file his schedule io tho Insolvency Court and temporarily retire from municipal life. The following are the deliveries ol grain and other produce at Spencer street station of tbe Victorian Railways for tho woek end ing 12th of October : — Wheat, 3187 bagB ; flair, 3S41 bags ; bran and pollard, 922 bags': polatacp, G210 bass; oats, 350 bags ; bailey, 19 bags ; malt, 60 bags; total 14,579 btgs ; chaff, 10,802 bags. Grand total, 24,!41 bags. Foul flay has evidently been practised in Kabool. A few months ago tho Indian pavers repotted tbe death of Shors Ali's favorite son and heir-apparent to the Af ghan throne— Abdoola Jan. This event took place on the 16th September, and poison is said to have been nsed in the perpetration of tho crine. Abdoola Jan always loaned towards the English side, and was in strumental, to a great extent, in keep ing his father from hostilities witli tbe English. Yacoob Khun, tho pro fligate ion of tho Ameor, now beoom'os the heir-apparent, and in him the English find a ditermined enemy and the Russians an ardent supporter, A bitter feeling always existed letween tho two brothers, nnd often oauttd the Ameer a great, deal of anxiety. IliB grief at the death of his favo rite eon is very groat, and since- the event he has taken to imbibing large quantities of ardent spirits . Monnwhile Yacoob Khan, flushed with success at getting tid of bii rival brother, is in league with the Russian courtiers of his fatbor'a palace, and through their instrumentality ho has suc ceeded io winning his father over to the Russinn tide. ConBiderBble ngitation occurred some two yearB since relative to the manner in which the marine (tore dealers conducted their bnsinesB, and it was at that time urged that hoyB were induced to rob, owing to the ease with which they could dispose of their plun der, more especially old metal, to dealers of old stuff and refuse. The Legislature, in doferenoe to the expressed desire of tho public, last session passed an act en titled The Old Metnls Act, by which it was made imperative on all mnrine storekeepers to keep a book in which entries were to bo made of every item purchased. It was likewise wisely provided in the aet that the minimum quantity of old lead purchased by the dealers should be 281bs. Tho act hitherto h as proved a dead-letter, and but for tho arrest of a known thief of old metal, might never have been put in force. Constable Griffou, on arresting the mnn referred to, called nt the store of a marine denier inLeichardt Btreet, named Henry Wohron, where he found that tho prisoner had that morning sold 18 lbs of old lead. Constable Griffon demanded the dealer's books, which, upon being producod, showed no entry Binco 10th September, of what year, bowovor, the hook did not show. These facts were related at the City Police Court this morning, when Wohron was brought before the bench on summons, to answer two breaches of the Old Metals Act, Mr Daly appeared for the accused, and in pleading guilty, nskud for tho infliction of a nominal penalty, this being the first prosecution under the act. Mr Panton, P.M., reminded tbe defendant that a penalty of £20 might bo infiiuted for not having made an entry in his book of every transaction ; whilst the bench had the power of imposing a fine of £5 for purchasing a Icbs quantity of old metal than provided for in the act. Tbe bench inflicted a fine of 20s in the first case, and 10s in tho Becond case, The Booth Sea islander, Sam Ying, who' it will bo remembered, was picked up in a native canoe by a passing veflsol on her return voyage from China a few j weeks ago, appeared again once more, and for tho last timo, on remand, at the City Oourt to day, on the charge of vagrancy. Mr Hill, the court visitoT, stated that Mr Howard Smith had generously offered to take tbe lad on to Sydney in the Macedon, which sails to-morrow. The boy was remanded until to- morrow, whoa be will bs put aboard The Rov. Mr. Mercer, this morning, received a iclcgram from ono of the missionaries who is nt present stnying in Sydney, stating that the Prrsbyterion mission ship, DayBpring, will sail from Sydney fur the New Hebrides, on Xhureday next, by which opportunity poor Snm Y'ing, if ho arrives in time, will bo tnkon back to hie native land. At the City Police Court to- dny, the land lord of the Harp of Erin Hotsl, Madeline street, James Tressuan, and Mary Ann Trove- nan, Ihe sister of tho malo defendant, ap peared on remand, charged with nssaulting If, J. Mays, sheriff's officer, on Friday last, whilst in tho execution of his duty. Tho particulars of tho caso were published in Saturday's issue of Tnu Hurald. Mr Miller appeared tor tho accused; aud Mr Purves, instructed by Mr Daly, for tho defence. Mr Purves statod that tbe wife of Treosnan, who is also implicated in the charge of assault, was un able to attend tho court on account of severe illnese. Be applied, under those circum stances, for n remand for a week, which ap plication tho court granted, Mr MByB not ob jecting. A second charge of assaulting Maya wns then preferred against TreBBuan, which was likewise postponed till next Monday, Tho circumstances coiinoctid with the latter chnrgo aro as follow;: — On Satur day afternoon the sheriff's officer pro ceeded to tho Harp of Erin Hotel for tbe purpose of visiting tho bailiff who had been left in charge of the place on a writ of fi fa, and reached the hotol just in time to eee the tnan in possession ejected, MrMayB endeavored to regain possession, but was prevented by Tressuan with soma little degree of force. Tho services of three con stables wore then enlisted, and with the aid of a blacksmith, ono of the doors of the hotel was burst open by tho sheriff's representatives, and peaceable possession of tho premises was obtained, and Tressnau was then given into custody a second timo on tho second ohargo of assaulting Mays. John Maile, wbb also at the same time arrested for assaulting the sheriff's officer, ThiB last-named prisoner appeared before the City Bench to-day to answer the chnrgo, but ns Mr Mays did not desiro to press tho matter, the accused was discharged. Dp to this afternoon the bailiff i held possession of the hotel. Affairs remain unchanged as regards the bricklayers' strike at the Eastern Market, and cot a man of them is nt work. The society's funds hold nut, and it is said that other trade societies will not allow the bricklayers to suffer in fighting for a boon, or right, which all are determined ulti mately to obtain without sacrifice — the Sa turday half- holiday, There is a pickot kept up at tho corner tf Bourko and Stephen streets. It will be hoard with pleasure that Mr Stevenson, who vras so severely injured at Ihe fire on Saturday night last, is now in a fair way of recovery. He has in a great measure recovered from the shock, nnd although suffering nentely, danger is not anticipated. Tbo bums, which are prin- . cipnlly on the bead, hands, and back, are not deep, though painful, and bis medical at tendant, Dr James Robinson, hopes for n speedy recovery. The burnt honse is in- sored in tho Nortborn Insurance Company for £800, which is stated to bB much below the original cob!. The detectives are still engaged in search ing for the missing womau Farrell. but without much hope of success ns yet. Not the slightest truce of her cau bs found, nor the smallest cluc to point out what has become of her. There seems no donbt, whatever, existing iu the minds of the neighbours but tbnt she has been made oway with nnd burned, together with every article belonging to her, but whether such apprehensions are truthful or not remains to be seen at some fnturs time. A new junction line nt the Spencer stroot station for the use of the suburban railways wns opened this morning. This new line will avoid tho complicated system of points, iu crossing which tbo recent accidents have occurred. From first to last snmo five engines have got off the rails at this point, and Ihe new line, by avoiding ir, will con siderably facilitate tbe suburban traffic. The following is a copy of the information on which David Henry, Wm. Ireland, Henry Mann, and Wm. B Kissane will be proceeded against For embracery nt tho Oity Court to- moirow morning : — Whereas, Ac., that they did, at Melbourne, in the Central Bailiwick, on tbe 16th day cf September, 1878, and on divets other days, betweenjthat date and tbe date of exhibiting this iaformntoo, unlaw fully and wickedly conspire, combine, con federate, and agree together amongst them selves, and with divers other persons, to pre vent tho course of justice, by endeavoring to tamper with and prejudice the minds of certain jurors, who had been summoned to attend the sitting of the County Oourt, at Melbourne, held in the month of September, then and thero to hear nnd determine cer- tain issues to be tried before the said court, they, therefore, are & c. The case is exciting, the utmost interest, aud will likely occupy , some time. Ahout midday yesterday the signalman at Cape Otwny descriedajveasel, in tho Joffing bearing up towards Port Phillip Heads, showing signals of distress. It was found that she had damaged her steering gear to such an extent ns to become almost unmanageable, aud accordingly tbe steamer Williams was despatched in sonrch of her. However, she seems not to have succeeded in finding her, for the distressed vcrsel bore up Io the Heads Bhortly after eleven o'clock this morning, when the steam lug Rescue laid hold of her, aud brought her up the Bay. She proved to be tho Qeorgiua, bnrqnr, cf this port, which sbo left on tbe 2nd October last for Uuam, with a cargo of 377 tons of bor.edust, 170J tierce of beef, and 50 balf-boxra of common soap. After being some dnys out. she encountered such severe weather off tho coast that she hud to put back, having suffered considerable damage. S'jo is commanded by Captain J. B, Sydscrf, and is consigned to Messrs S. Do Beere and Co. The annual vote for educational purposes will be moved in the Assembly after tho refreshment hoar on Tuesday evening, and it will be of more than usunl interest, as we (Railarat Courier) understand a scheme for tho complete and now classification of teachers will be brought forward by the Minister of Education on the occasion. Tho scheme baB been prepared by n board which tbe Minister appointed some time back for the purpose, and we hear tho work has been done very completely. It Is the intention of the Minister of Education to speak fully and unreservedly, when the vote is proposed, against any tampering with onr present secular system of youthful instruction. In a few weekB'time tho large guns form ing n portion of tho dofenco of Port Phillip HendB, on tho Qneenscliffe side, will bo tested under the nupcrintendnnce of Ool, Anderson, for the purpose of ascertaining the effect they will have upon the lower light house, Small charges will bo placed in the guns. It is thought that it will not bB necessary to remove tho lower lighthouse in order to give a clear range for tho guns, because, should an enemy's vessel bo approach ing, that obstacle could bo cleared away with ono or two shots from the battery. At present there are six men stationed in charge of the guns under Bergoant M' Matron, bnt it is expected that this number will be shortly increased to ten. The battery and guns are (says the Geelong Advertiser,) in excellent order, "The Bendigo Independent says : — The gold yield laet week was vory good, and came np to abont SoOOoz, Tho calls are much lighter than lust week, beiog ,oniy £225, whilst tho dividends amount to the vory handsome snm of £5158 lis, Bhowing a balance in favor of dividends of £3334 lis. A very Bnddcn death occurred nt St August tine's Orphanage, Newtown, yostorday morn ing (says tho Geelong Advertiser). Mr Daniel O'Drieooll, tho superintendent, was dressing for tho purpose of atteuding Mass at 8.8. Peter and Paul's Church, Asbby, at half-past nine o'clock. Aa he did not nppenr nt breakfast at the nsual hour— half-past eight o'clock— Miss Bennett, tho Matron, went lo his loom to anil him, The Matron heard heavy breathing inside the room, nnd the alarm was at once given. Tbe door of Mr O'Driscoll's room wns found locked, and it had to be forced open, and when that was dono Mr O'Driscoll wan discovered lying on tho floor in a fit. Ho was placed on his bod, and a priest und a doctor wore sent for. Both gcutlomeu arrived simultaneously. Boon after cliey retired from tiro Orphanage, Mr O'Driscoll died. The ciiub.i of death was apoplexy. Tho deceased, who has bean ailing in health for some timo past, was 70 years of nRe. On Wednesday night Inst a concert was given at the Yarra Bend Lnrratic Asylum by a compuny including Miss Fanny iSheppard, Mr Knowles, Miss and Masters Oottier; Miss Dwiglif, pianiote ; Mr Allnntt, conduc tor. Character dancing and singing were in troduced, nnd n laughable farce concluded tho entertainment. Tho conceit was an excellent one, and was much enjoyed. A drama of little merit in itself, but made acceptable by the good acting of Miss Rentrice and Mr D'Orsay Ogden, entitled Tho Mavie ; or, tho Story of a Poor Girl of Sydney, waa produced at tho Academy of Music on Saturday evening. The plot is of tho skeleton ordor, but the piece goos exceedingly woll, and Beemed to Euit the taste of tlio audience remarknbly. Mr Montngn Scott intro duced sketches of Miss Otirtnichael and Thomas Pearce, which, like nil tho rest of his productions, wero immensely clever. To night ho will introduce some novoltics. Mr Morton Tavores opened the Princess's Theatre on Saturday ovoiiing with a thoroughly good comedy company, aud too piece chosen for tho occasion, The Overland Route, was played with an aplomb aud spirit which showed competence nnu care- fol rehosrsnl on the pmt of tho company. In tbo leading female role, Mrs Tavares' comedy was of that high order one seldom sees on the stage trow-u-daye, Mr Tavares was also essentially in his eloment iu the part first played by Mr William Hoskius in this city. Mr W. G. Carey had a most cordial welcomu ou his return to the colony, nnd if the pnrt ho sustained was out of bis ncoustomod track, ho sevar- thelois in :t. fully established a reputation for grent versatility, Mr S. Poolo is another old friend and a gennioo comedian, no it is Dot surprising that his efforts to amuse mat with full reCDEuitioo. Mr Martin Fordo had a character specially Buitert ts him; nnd Mrs Wooldridge received a hearty welcome on her return to tho scene of iter many triumphs, Thu scenery and stige apporntrncnts were both in keeping with the chRincler of the comedy, which should have a run. At the Theatre Royal tho cry is, "Still they come," and from all appearances, Mr Rignold may, if ho and the management c'oooeo, bold possession of tho stage till Christmas. Tho piece, doubtless, is one of the most perfect pictures ever presented to tho public here. Mr Creswick's admirable impersonation of Cardinal WolBey, in Shakspore'a Henry VHI., draws its full quota to the Prince of Wales Opera House nightly. Ab Queen Katli trine, Mies Bowriug (B fitted with a part which suits her admirnbly, aud the lest of tho characters are evenly played. What is claimed to he tho "greatest novelty of the age," D'Arcy Read's Ghost, is to make its debut at the A then teem on Wed nesday ove ning. Tito entcrt ain mcnt is made up by spectral figures, whose shades are thrown on the stage by means of cleverly arranged glasses. Iu Sydney the entertain ment wns a complete success. Professor Henuickc, the illusionist, re pealed his ontertaiumontlo a large audience nn Saturday evening, at the Apollo Hall. Dr Slado'e celebrated Blato trick was performed as Effectively sb ever, to tho intense delight of those present. The trick is undoubtodiy a very clever illusion, and so clever that strange tbe mnny different gentlemen who go up nightly to assist tho professor havo never even got the Bmalleat clue as to how it is done. A now programme will bo intro duced this week, with several startling illuEinnB, in conjunction with tho justly celebrated slate trrck. Mddle. Olga Duboin has, wisaly, been again engaged to appear at the Monday popular concerts this evening. She is to bo 'upporied by Miss E. Alberoi Waogenheim, Mies Bessie Jukes, Mr Frederick Dawson, and Mo-sra Maronoy and Furlong, As usual, Mr Charles Sykes will preside at tho organ; and no doubt those who attend will paBS a rnoit enjoyable evening. The U.8. Minstrels still bask in the smileB of popularity nt Sh George's Hail, and the entertainments given nightly show the diversified resources the tronpe have nt their command. All the principals are in their way favorites, and the U.S. Minstrels seem tu have made a permanent home at the hall. 