OUR ADELAIDE LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, February 23. Parliament has been again prorogued; this time till early in April. It is under stood that the bulk of the e, elections- will take place in March, but a few, probably, ?will be left till April, so as to provide Beats if need be for Bome of the Ministry or their supporters should the con tingency arise of their being rejected in the districts for which they first stand. This is one of the advantages a Govern ment in power always has at the time of a;general election; and no Government would decline to avail itself of it. The' meetings are beginning to be held. Mr. Jones, the irrepressible bill sticker, pro bably supported by Mr. Grainger, , of the Star, has called a meeting of the West Adelaide electors for Monday; and the ^Nairne people, who thought to be first in the field, have fixed upon Wednesday next for their meeting. I don't hear much concerning your district. Mr. Hardy, I believe, is willing to stand for Albert; again, and so far as the interests of his constituency are concerned I don't think any man looks after them better. I say nothing about the position he takes in the House; that does not matter much if he gets all his district requires. I did hear that the ever energetic Jimmy Cooke-if he will pardon me for using his colloquial title-had been prevailed upon to offer his valuable services to one of the districts of the South-East. Is it true ? Its time we had a man , with another hobby in the House. Mr. Lindsay has well nigh ridden the railway gauge to death, while Mr. Coglin's rhodomontade is beginning to pull upon the ear. Let us have Mr. Cooke; there would then be something new to enliven us. lie india-rubber-like pertinacity with which he ever springs to the surface, notwithstanding all efforts to keep him .under, would produce wonders in a House which, like the judge of old, cannot resist prolonged importunity. For Onkaparinga requisitions are out to Mr. W. H. Bundey, the popular lawyer and yachtsman; to Mr. Krichauff, that steady going, useful politician; and to Mr. Eudolph Henning, formerly of the Globe Hotel, but now a squatter of con siderable means. There is also some talk of Mr. Johnston, the owner of Oaklands, coming out; but I don't think this can be true. Even if it were, neither he nor Mr. Henning has the ghost of a chance against two such men as Messrs. Bundey and Krichauff. I believe Mr. Bundey's main object in entering Parliament thus early after his determination not to enter politics again for some time, is to get the railway to the Murray Bridge via Mount Lofty arid Mount Barker carried. Tou will know that Mr. Bundey succeeded in carrying the vote for the" erection of the Murray Bridge, and he now sees that to utilize that structure it will be essential that the railway should be constructed; I only hope that he' will succeed, for if there is any undertaking that would .pay well it would be a railway into the hills, and besides, what an opportunity would be afforded for us poor citizens stewed up in this hot, stifling city to live in the cool ranges in the summer time. Mr. Nock, whose name will go down to posterity as the author of Node's Act, albeit he is a quiet unassuming man, has declined to stand again. He has achieved what he believes to be one useful piece of legisla tion, and he is satisfied;, he will not jeopardise the reputation he has won by staying in any longer, lest he might undo all that he has done. Hia conduct reminds one of an incident in the life of Daniel Webster, the great American orator. Daniel was soliciting the suf frages of a country district, and he was told he would not have the shadow of a chance'unless he could shoot, and shoot well. The people in the neighbourhood are a tribe of William Tells, but they used the rifle instead^ of the bow and the arrow. Daniel was in a state. He had scarcely ever held a gun in his hand; but assuming an air of boldness he told them to fix the target and give him the rifle. They did so, and with the coolness of an experienced shot he put the gun to his shoulder and fired. He could not say where the ball would strike; for all lie knew it might have penetrated the clouds, but as luck would have it it struck the bullseye, and a round of cheers an nounced the glorious feat he hadjaccomf plished. 'The people asked him to repeat the exploit, but he replied "No;".you have seen what I can do ; now give me your votes," and vote for him they did. jPaniel, Webster was afraid to1 risk the good» impression <he had-oreated,and so . likewise is David Nook. i Mr. J. Q-. Eamsay has left to-day for ; rEurope. TEai facrtje not'a veiy rignifL-. i leant one to people who know nothing [about him; but it is to many in town ?whp ha^e watched hiscareer. A quarter ? ;of a icep.ti^' .ago Mr.- Eamsay was a ! working man in Horwood's foundry; now he is a man of wealth, having estab lished foundries in the South and in the :Noi*tM ' Not only this; but'Mr.* Ramsay has been in Parliament; he has been in office; and he has been a Premier in the 'House, This indicates what a man may ido in a colony where there are iree insti-" jtutions. Mr. Ramsay is pre- eminently-a fself-made man. Entering into public life without many advantages, he has, by ; dint of perseverance and selfreducation, ilearnt the way of speaking well, forcibly, and intelligently upon the various ques tions that form the subject of - discussion in Parliament'. He goes to Paris and :toJrEngk,nd to enjoy.a well-earned.holi ; day-v ? 'A' few .days ago the people.of /Mt. ; Barker banqueted Mr. Eamsay, and such was.the. esteem in which he is held that a number .of. gentlemen went all the way from Clare as well as Adelaide to do him honor. A party of 12, including Mr. Northmore, the draper, who is the editor of a penny bantling, which cackles at the daily papers, and gives him the opportunity of writing some smart things, left Adelaide to attend the dinner, and agreed that they .would re turn the same night. After the dinner, however, ten out of the dozen were .more inclined to stay then return. Mr. North tiiore insisted' that the understanding should be adhered to; but the ten i ridiculed the notion that they should be swayed by one man, and so they deter mined to remain at Mount Barker the night. Mr. North more was indignant, and, despite the fact that he weighs some 15 or 16 .stone, he. started on shanks's pony -for; Adelaide. En. route' a market gardener took compassion on the bulky : draper, and gave him a lift for a few :mileSj and his tender, feet were . not ungrateful for the rest. Mr. Northmore persevered, and reached town just in time :to see the sun rise. He vows he will never make one of a dozen again. 