The Kapunda Herald. FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1878. THE KAPUKDA HOSPITAL. The meeting held on Tuesday even ing to take into consideration the financial condition of the Hospital was not a success as regards numbers. Nevertheless it was in many respects a useful gathering. In the first place it afforded an opportunity for those who have been grumbling outside to state any grounds of coimplaint they might have against the Board of Manage ment as to the manner in which the b is satisfactory to find that after all the feeling of dissatisfaction which it had been said existed had no more solid foundation than the idle talk trace able no further back than " They say." It was said " They say" are not satisfied because of the un satisfactory character of the agree ment with the medical gentlemen, that the same mysterious grumblers who would otherwise be subscribers declined to contribute because of their dissatisfaction with the constitution of the Board of Management, and further that another ground of dissatisfaction was the high charges made to paying patients. But in all these instances the persons who mentioned what it was "They say" had been circulating to the disadvantage of the Hospital ex pressed their dissent from the charges thus made. Even Mr. Pearce, who was boiling over with indignation against some unnamed workers in the movement, though he objected to a proposition moved by Mr. D. Nock expressing confidence in the Board of Management on the ground that he had some remarks the exact reverse of complimentary to make concerning them, in the end admitted that so far as the duties of the Board since the opening of the Hospital were con cerned, they bad been as well done by the present members as they could have been done by any other set of men. True, he objected that the Board is too small; but that is not the Board's fault. The number was fixed at a public meeting of subscribers, by whom also the first members of the Board were elected. As regards the exorbitant fees said to have been charged by the medical gentlemen, Dr. Blood showed fairly enough that the patients who were charged were those only who might be supposed to be able to pay, and who for one fee got the benefit of the joint atten dance of three medical men; whilst Mr. Oldham somewhat astonished the grumblers by stating that the amount actually received under the head of medical fees, and divided amongst the three medical gentlemen, since the opening of the Hospital was only slightly in excess of £13! And we would here repeat our previously expressed conviction that whilst the Hospital was intended for the gratuitous treatment of those in distressed circumstances, it was never established with a view of enabling those who can afford to pay for the treatment they receive therein to altogether escape such payment. As regards any complaints as to the extent or personnel of the Board of Management these at present are childish, that is so far as regards throwing any blame therefor on the present Board. They had no more voice in settling these points than any other like number of subscribers. The movement was somewhat of an experimental character. If the sub scribers feel that the Board is too small it is easy for them to take steps to get the provisions of the deed in this respect altered; whilst as regards the personnel of the Board it needs to be remembered that they did not put themselves into office but were eleeted to the position they now occupy, and which position there can be no doubt they have one and all filled to the best of their ability, and as then term of office shortly expires the sub scribers will if they they think fit have the opportunity of electing others in their stead. The object of the meeting was to seek to devise means to raise funds to enable the institution to be carried on successfully, and. in this respect a very good suggestion was mby Mr. Pearce and acted upon, viz., that the co-operation of the ladies of Kapunda and the outlying districts should be enlisted m the work of collecting, and further that a special effort should be made to ob tain a list of annual subscribers to an extent "commensurate with the re quirements of the case. ^ The question of bringing the Hos pital under the provisions of a Public Hospital Aet was referred to, but met •with general disapprobation, it being felt that as the Hospital had been built by private subscriptions, and had in its investments the nucleus of a regular income, it was far more desirable to retain it as a private hos pital, and to raise by private subscrip tions the necessary funds which 1 subscriptions " as pointed out by Mr. Oldham" would in all probability be supplemented to an equal extent by the G-overnment, seeing that the opera tion of this Hospital tended to relieve the pressure that would otherwise exist on the Adelaide Hospital. &AP; P1TOA AgSICCITPBAJ) SOCIETY. 'It has been decided to postpone the holding of the ploughing match and show of stock m con nection with the above Society to Wednesday, August 21, the day originally fixed bemg a Catholic feat. day. T Woobogb.4 Agbxcultu ttAii Society. will be observed in our advertising columns that the annual ploughing match and show of entire horses will he held next Tuesday, August 6, in Mr. Hill's paddock, Tarlee. Liberal prizes are offered, and we hope that numerous entries will be received. A dinner takes place in the evening, C0NOHOI1OGY.—We had the pleasure the other day of inspecting one of the finest col lections of shells, which is to he seen in the colony. They are the property of Mr. K. Savers, the late northern railwav gu^ but now proprietor of the Port Hotel, Port Ade laide, where they can "be inspected by those interested in the science of shells. To collect together such a variety of beautiful and rare shells must have been the work of years, and we were not surprised when Mr. Sayers told us he valued the collection at £500. Legislative Cotrarcii. Vacancies.—The President has had handed to him the resigna tion of Sir T. Elder, Mr. English, Mr. btome, and Mr. Everard. The last named resigna tion was, however, informal. We hear that Mr. Nock has been requested to place his ser vices at the disposal of the electors ; should he consent we think he would in all proba bility be successful. Wool Sales in Adelaide.—By advertise ment in another column it will be seen that Messrs. Slider, Smith, & Co., intend commen cing operations in Adelaide as wool-brokers, on a similar scale to the well-known establish ment of Messrs. Goldsbrough & Co., in Mel bourne. The advantages to wool- growers of having a good local market for the disposal of their wool will be great, and the establish ment of such ai^ institution should also prove a meaus of leading the Blverina settlers to send their wool to Adelaide for disposal. We trust the new venture may prove beneficial alike to the enterprising fijaH in question and to colonial wool- growers generally. The late Dbowning Case.—The body of the unfortnate man Patrick Miller, who was drowned in the Light whilst attempting to cross on the morning of the 19th July, was discovered by Martin Hansborough on Thurs day last. It was found floating in one of the large waterholes a short distance below the spot where Miller was drowned. The body was removed by the police to the Morning Star Inn, where an inquest was held before Mr. J". Elliott, J.P., and a jury, and a verdict of accidentally drowned returned. Accident. — Our Gawler correspondent writes :—" A sad accident occurred here on Wednesday last to Mr. D. Thomson, baker, of this town. He was out with his cart doing his daily round, when on coming out from Sale & Edwards' and turning rather sharp, he was thrown out on his head. He was im I mediately removed to his residence in Crawler West in an unconscious state, where he lin gered till half-past one yesterday, when he died. An inquest was held last evening. 2fo j blame is attachable to any one. He was an old and respected resident of Gawler, and a Forester of Bushman's Pride for upwards of 20 years. Be leaves a wife and three or four children to mourn their loss, for whom much sympathy is felt." ; Ms. Tablet's Services.—A large con gregation assembled in the Wesleyan Church [ on Monday evening last, to hear Mr. Henry Varley, both the floor and the gallery being 1 well filled. On the platform with Mr. Varley were the Revs. H. T. Burgess, W. O. Ashton, and J. Rock. After the preliminary exercises, which were conducted in an easy and natural manner, Mr. Varley announced as his sub ject the power of the Holy Spirit, the text being Luke xxiv, 40, "And behold I send the promise of my Father upon you, but tarry ye in the City of Jerusalem until ye be endued with power from on high." He said the sub ject was peculiarly important because at tempts were being made to do away with the idea of a personal God. The distinct per sonality of the divine Spirit and his presence among them must be recognised in order to progress and succeed. In a somewhat dis cursive but natural and effective manner he described the effects produced by the power of the Holy Ghost and the means of obtaining that power, interspersing his remarks with numerous apposite illustrations, maintaining the unbroken attention of the audience for nearly an hour. The ssrvice closed in the usual way. The Rabbit Bill.—The Legislative Coun cil by a majority of three have negatived the first clause of the Rabbit Bill, so that it is very doubtful whether Government will pro ceed with it. We trust, however, they will make another attempt. The blame of the non-passing of the measure should justly fall on the majority who negatived the clause in question, viz., Messrs. Baker, Crozier, Hogarth, Hughes, Sandover, Tarlton, and Fisher. Those who voted in favor of the clause (which repealed -the Babbit. Act of 1875) were the Chief Secretary, Mr. H. Ayers, and Messrs. Hay and Pearce. The Council of Education.—At the meeting of the Council of Education on Monday last the following matters were dealt with;—Riverton—Chas. B. Wliillas requested that he might be classified as a II. A teacher, as he held a certificate for that class under the Board. Registered for the time, and to be considered at the end of the year. Tarlee -■-William Fogg wrote respecting his removal. In addition to other observations, he said the Council had laid down the principle that a -teacher might be dismissed whese the in fluence of sectarianism and bigotry were brought to bear against him. The opinion was generally expressed by the Council that the tone adopted in the letter was scarcely the right one. The Council answered that they saw no reason for altering their decision. AUandale North—John Williams applied for permission to attend drill class. The Council suggested that- he should attend the local drill. PRESENTTIONS TO MR. JAMES MALCOLM. —The annual meeting of the Saddleworth Institute was held on July 24, when satisfac- tory balance-sheets and reports were presented. The debt on the Institute on July 20,1877, was £360, present debt, £85. Eor the ensuing year the following gentlemen were elected as officers and committee:—President Mr. J. G-urr; Vice-President, Mr. E. Palmer; Hon. Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. C. H. Richard son ; Hon. Librarian, Mr. W. P. Mart; Com mittee Messrs. J- Fisher, F. Richardson, H. Richardson, W. H. Harry, W. Gnrr, GL Crawford, J. Johnstone; Auditors, Messrs. W. H. Bee and A Pearce. At the close of the meeting Mr. C. H. Richardson, the President for the past year, made a presenta tion to Mr. James Malcolm, who has held the office of Hon. Sec. for upwards of five years, and who is about leaving the Bank to com mence business on his own account at Wallaroo. The presentation consisted of a handsome gold watch in case, on the inside ease of the watch was the following inscrip tion " Presented to James Malcolm, Esq., by the members of the Saddleworth Institute in recognition of his valuable services as Secretary, July 24, 1878." Mr. Malcolm having ac knowledged the presentation the meetingjelosed. On Friday, 26th inst., a farewell tea was given to Mr. Malcolm in the Institute, on which occasion a colonial gold set of solitaires : and studs was presented to Mr. Malcolm by the Bible classes in connection with the : Baptist Sunday-School. Sunday afternoon, 28th inst., being the last Sunday Mr. Malcolm would attend the Sunday-School a very handsome presentation was made, a copy of Cassell's Bible Dictionary with a silver plate let in the front cover, and a well bound copy of Dr. Bonar's hymns of Faith and Hope; on the silver jjlate was the follow ing inscription " Presented to James Malcolm, Esq., b^ the Baptist Sunday- school, Saddle worth, July 28, 1878." Mr. Malcolm has been Superintendent of the school for about five years and a half. On the Sunday pre vious valuable books were presented to Miss Jones, one of the teachers, and also to Misses Jessie and Minnie Malcolm, who are leaving the school. Seating Rink.—On Tuesday evening last a new amusement was presented to the public of Kapunda, in the form of a skating rink. The proprietors (the well- known firm of Messrs. Bastard, Son, & Lee) have met with considerable success in the introduction of this amusement elsewhere, and we doubt not they will be equally successful in Kapunda. One of Mr. R. Hooper's large stores in Ka punda-street has been secured for the purpose, for which it is admirably adapted. The attendance on Tuesday night, when the rink was opened, was very good, though not 60 large as was expected, owing doubtless to the inclement state of the weather. About sixty Persons were present, but only half that number ventured to take their first lesson in skating, which on the whole was very fair considering that iby far the greater majority of them were amateurs. The onlookers apparently had the best of it for they were kept in a continual roar of laughter during the whole of the evening, the various antics of the would-be skaters being intensely amusing. We would recommend all those who believe in the proverb " Laugh and grow fat," to visit the skating rink without delay, for if they are not too conscientious in laugh ing at other persons' downfall we feel sure that they will come away highly satisfied. The rink is to be open every Tuesday, Wed nesday, and Thursday both in the afternoon and in the evening, and we hope the enter prising proprietors will meet with the support which they deserve. Magistrate's Court.—The was a heavy days' proceedings at the Court, on Wednesday, including a number of grog-selling informa tion in some of which Mr. Downer, Q.C., appeared for the defendants. There were several cases against Miles C. Mansaugh, in the first of which the police asked that certain liquors, &c.;, seized under a search warrant might be declared forfeited. The application was negatived. The same defendant was then charged with obstructing the police in execution of their duty, and was fined £3 and £2 costs. The same defendant was also fined £10 and 20s. costs, on an information for selling beer without a licence ; another infor mation charging him with having a quantity of liquor on his premises which might reason ably be supposed to be for sale, was dismissed. An information against John Ganny for breach of the Licensed Victuallers Act was dismisssd in consequence of the contradictory nature of the evidence offered. An informa tion against George Young for a similar j offence was sustained, and a fine of £10 and 1 £10 costs was inflicted: a second information against the same defendant being withdrawn, j A like information against Mr. Schutt was sustained, he being fined £10 without costs. One or two minor assault cases was also heard. We hold over our full report of the pro ceedings. 