OUR AMATEUR THE A.TEICALS AT BOOLONa. He jests at soars mho never felt a moaad — EOJIBO. One of the most awful recollections Mr. Banbury Cross, of Boolong, had of his youthful days, he used to declare, was when he made his first and only appearance as |m actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainment at"his own house in Boolong. He, for some unkr.o vn reason, nad conceived that he was born to be an actor — to tread the boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kcan — but it was, foolish notion, soon knocked out of his head after his peculiar dehCit, On finding the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give a perfect novice with blearing red hair, and a turn-up nose, an appearance in " Hamlet" at any of their several theatres, he resolved ti "take the bull by the horns" and get lip a company of bis own down ait bis place at Boolong. He went to enormous expense in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, having scenery painted — for Banbury was determined to clo.the thing well and in tip-top style. He got together a kind of scratch company, many of them like himself, raw am bitious amateurs, eager " to fret their ; hour upon' the stage," and one or two see IJ- outcasts of .the profession; .anrl he looked forward to the iJio luction of his- pet play, " Hamlet," himself as, the Prince, with much excitement, notunallo3'-ed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a ' month's constant rehearsal, were pretty perfect", in their words before the curtain went up, but after it did most of them forgot them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated, and the King likewise ; Ofhella, an amateur, burst into a nervous fit of tears before she said a closen lines.. Banbury was roai'ed at by the local iiersonages who assembled to assist at the amateur performance. But this was not the worst, for Banbury found that when the bills came in the exipense was twice as Large as he had expected, and he could not meet them'.' " The fellows," he used to say, " allowed me to have whatever Ipyantedon credit, because they knew that my rich uncle in Adelaide,;a strict Method ist, would pay them, but I knew very well he. would do no such thing when he found they were for theatrical trap- Xnngs, for if there .was one- thing he held in abhorrence it was the theatre,-'' What 'was heto do ? His, uncle would disinherit him, turn him but of the house:he bad furnished for him, and "send him adrift on the'wbrld. What was he to dO'7 His creditors woiild not wait -and he would be a miserable pauj)er. But for all this he did Mot lose his house, and his ijoor uncle's fbrtuhe is in the bank in his name,, thanks to the timely aid of_ one mho is a friend to the drama as well as totTie-iwst of the world, who advanced him- the needful. Need we say his name. No ; all know him I But we may as well remark it was Vaehatninon of the distressed, \ ' '. ; DAVID HENEX, of 52 Collins street east, IVho has from -&o; to 6 10,000 to lend oniiotesof hand, bills of sale (with or without security), salary orders, life jiolicies,, certificates, deeds , Mill nf lading, legacies, goods, merchandise, oh expected remittances, or on moneys jrer- sons may be entitled'to from England and elsewhere, etc., repayable to -suit the convenience of borrowers. .. . Bills discounted daily at the lowest rate of interest, and I mortgages from 6 per cent. 