mat tko "World" Says. I am sorry to iioar that tho Empress or Austria's proposod visit tn Irol nd this winter in by no menus viowed witli ns muoh favor in tlio Kni sorbin's own country as it is in tho eistor islo. In tho prosont stnto of Austrian finuncos tho oxponso isobjeotod to, and thoro is grumbling nt H.I.M. dimming herself in Mcutli whilst her subjects aro being slnughtorod in Bosnia nnd Horz:govinn. It may bo liopoil, however, that tlio Bosnian businoss will bo ovor by tlio and of tbo yonr, boforo wliioh time, I bcliovo, H.I.AI. did not propose putting iu an nppoarnnco in Irolnud. I wontlor wbotlior tlio soorot history of tho liorlin Oongross will ovor bo written. If so, tho springs whioh brought it nbout will bo fonnd to havo boon uot of politioal, but of personal origin. Tlio story will rovoal how, nt Lord Bbaconsfiold'h instigation, tlio Qnoon wroto n privato Icttor to tho Emporor William, pointing ont, iu pntliotio languago, tlio misery WillCU TV wUC WUlllU Ulluitli; llliu lUcb (IU lilU great European roigning families than on thoir subjects. IIow, movod by this nppoal, tlio Kaisor stirred to aotion his groat, and previously stipino, Minister, whoso notorious viow of tho Eustorn Question was that it was not worth tlio sound limbs of ono of Pomoranian soldior. Ilow, also, tho Iroporial votormi wroto to his nopliow of Russia, and to his nopliow's soil's wifo j and so, finally, how tho matter was got into diploinatio train. . Any pity I have for tlio Sliakors is wholly froo from ovory tingo of illusion or 1'otnanoo. I found thorn tho othor day iu thoir Now Forest rofugo quito sb vulgar und evon moro absurd tliiin I oxpeoted. A iiumbor of girls, ooarso of foaturo und rod of hanjl, nrrayod in wliito drossos, and sponding thoir timo piinoipally iu 'doiug' ouoh othcr'B hnir, aro invariably spokon of by Mrs. Girling ' tlio yonng ladies.' That elderly prephotosB liot self is unrofinod in voioo and spooob, and wears, undor hor straw lint, long- sorows of gray hair iu thoso most objeatiotinbla ringlets that wore onllcd Anglaiscs by tho Frcnoh in tbo inoiognut days whon thoy formed tho oliaraotoristib coiffuro of tlio British fomulo., No o'uo can accuse hor Majesty's Govorumoiit of nogloctiug thoir now acquisition— Cyprus. I hoar that the War Minister, Colonel Stnnloy, and Air. W. II. Smith,' First Lord of tlio Admiralty, nrq going to visit tlio iiland. Whetlibr this is a wiso move or not, is another quostion. Probably, if they mnko a truo report, they' will disappoint thoir ooiloaguos nnd thoir admirers among the public ; if, how- ovar, thoy mako an agfcoabla one, thoy may be found out. In tlio faqq of parliamentary inter. pollnntH, I ndviso Ministers to avoid 'having' to speak from personal knowledge. Tho old formula, 'I hold in my hand a dospatoli' whioh wo havo just rooeivod from un oliioor of tlio highest ability and of grant oxporionco,' &c.;, will bo found in tho long-run to bo by far tlio .most couvouiout. A jocoso Joromiah will novor do. . It is nooossavy, no doubt, for n prophet, howovor dismal, to blow his own drnmpot a good doal, and tlicro onn )bo no objootion to -Mr. Nowdo- gate going to Oovorutry and boasting that his missiuu is i>u uiuw ma iiuin iinu iinro up whenever be sees— or imagines ho sees— dangor throntoniug tho body politic. But his assertion that, nftor Villous wont to Constantinople, Rome booamo a ' Vnlo-tudinariau oinpiro,' is onough to raise tho indignant ghost of Snmuol Joliuson. , Cnssandra puuuiug 1 Itathor lot Whalloy sing. Thoy toll mo that tbo Reform Club just now payB not far from £15 a yonr for its tooth picks.' I am sorry for it, for I roiuombcr dining a good many yoars ago with Jolm Leocli, and tlion n member of tlio club lot out that tlio annual oxpoudituro on toolbpiuks was £10. Thoronpon said Loqob, with bis irresistible laugh, " What n legion of hollow-toothed old gentlemen they must bo!' Tho unhappy Reformer who lot out the secret manfully tried to mako out tlint tho toothpioks woro tho result, not of old ago, but of Franoatolli's cookory. But what are ivo to say now f Advancing years bring .nn inorousad con sumption of toothpioks. Tho old gentlomon aro older and moro hollow-toothed than ovor, This ploasant way of doscribiug tho Reform Oiub is but a parallel to tho description of tho Liboral party by Mr. Disraeli as a range of exlinot volcanoes. I'ovorhonrd— I oould not bolp. it— a olinrm- ing hybrid idiom at a gnrden-pnrly last wook. Said ho, ' in a low tremulous voioo ' (sup pressed ' emotion business, nnd host French accent)— 'Impossible 1 surely you remember tlio provorb', " Ou ne badino pas nvoo l'ninour " ?' , And sho looked up with hor big gray eyes, nud said very softly and swootly, 1 1 know— of course, yes ; but— but— " on does," you know, somotiracs !' And then thoy wont off to look nt a big onolus in tbo conservatory. I think Tom Robertson would have onjoyod ' on does ' ns a lino for Afario Wilton. Last weolc Mr. Hubert Mooro, well known on tho Ourragb, again proved the obampion of tho commons und commonago of that splendid grass " privilego," and agnin sucoossfullv mnintniuod tbo l'idiug rights against tho rostrio- tions imposed by tlio AInrquis of Drogheda ns ltnngor of tho Ourragb. I hoar that at tho trial tho noble Marquis rofusod to givo his ovidouco on oath, claiming tho priviloge of n poor to testify on bis .word of honour ; a privi. logo whioh I imagined was only avnihihlo iu the Houso of Lords, though I confess to a certain uncertainty of opinion on tho subjoot. , Tho Emporor of Austria, with his usual bod luok, has Sat about tlio annexation of Bosnia iu1 tho wrong way. As is well known, the Maho-' motans mil tho G'roolc Christians of tho provinoo are nbout equal in numbors, nud there is, besidos, a small body of Roman Oatholios, .Thoso last would, in any case, havo boon friendly to tbo Austrinns, although thoy had. got on pretty well with tho Turks ; but evi dently tho ossontinl thing was to soouro tho support oitlier of tho Orthodox 'Slavs or of tbo Alussulinans. As thoy havo boon hitherto in possession both of tho govormcut nud also of tho' land, it would not havo boon easy to cou- oiliato tho Mussulmans ; but uufortunatoly tho Emporor mado no sorious attempt to soouro tho ntt'eotions, of tho Greeks, and has proforrcd to -rely 'solely upon Roman Oatholio support. To mako mattors worse, it was nn-' uounood1 that a wholo staff of Roman ecclosi- nstiqs had boon appointed in concort with tho Vatican, and woro ready to oocitpy tho country, whoreut tho Grooks woro nottled, It is not quito yot that tho duo pateut to tho motivo for England's declinature to adhere to Germany's proposal for . addressing a col- lootivo rbmonstrauoo to tho Porto. That dis- oovory will bo mndo by and by. ' I venture to hopo that tlio Prcmior will bido his own timo for tho denouement, and not bo forced into tho premature revelation of ..tlio riponing coup, by tho fulmimitions of impatient oritios nguinst 1 tho Borllu Treaty aud tho Anglo -Turkish; Convention. And I may whisper that, whom tho euuji stands revealed, it will bo fouud to havo oouocrn with . Greece, and to tako tho sting out of tho aoousations that LordBoacous- fiold nt Berlin throw tho Grooks ovor. Notwithstanding tho continued depression in articles do luxo et de super/In, Irish horses of good class appear to bo looking up in tho equine market. Bouvonir, so long associated with ' tho Limb's ' victories, wus sold the other day for woll-nigh a thousand pounds to tho Marquis of Huutly by hor ownor aud brooder, Mr. Nugont Fitzgerald ; Captain Maoholl is suro to do well with Alaster Kilduro, sold by Air. Konnny; whilo at tho stud sale at Now- town, near Duuboyne, of tho Into Mr. Wardoll's blood stook, on tho l'Jth instant, tho avorngos raugod higher than thoy hnvo for mnny yoars in Irolnnd, Air. Goorgo Bryan, M.P., wns nn oxtouBivo purehnBor. Tho Gormans soourod two vory good lots, 