PETER CURING THE IMPOTENT MAN. A SERMON BY THE EIGHT REV. DB. MOORHOUSE, BISHOP oe MELBOURNE. .f'Then Peter said, Silver and gold have I known, but such OB I have give I thee. In the namo of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk."-ACTS iii. 6, Amongst the Jews there were three hoars of public prayer-at nine o'clock in the morning, at noonday, and at three in the afternoon ; and at" the latest of these hours the apostles, Peter and John, were going ap TO wie nouse ot tao ljora. At tho beautiful gato of the temple they saw lying an impotent man so helpless and lame that he had to be carried there these several hours of prayer that he might beg alms of tho faithful. Seeing the apostles entering the temple he asked of them alms ; and thereupon ensued that won derful scene to which I desire to call your attention for awhile thi* evening. If we are at all to enter into the spirit of this scene, <ara must remember that the heart of the Churoh at that age was all aglow with a divine strength of in sight Freshly received and experienced, and if that were the case with tho whole general body of believ ers what must have been the spiritual condition of their enthusiastic leader-of that ardent apostle of the circumcision whose love for his Maater, ordinarily «o deep and passionate, had been fanned into a deeper flame by the blowing of the breath of God ! Why, my brethren, there are men living now who in their first burst and glory of conversion have been able to see the common ways of this world filled with angels, and the common lives of its indifferent men .encompassedby eternal destinies. And that it was thus .and more than thus with St. Peter tho language of the sacred record abundantly testifies, for the words «sed here about it are strong words-words that are ?fit to be the vehicle and exponent of intense and ex cited feeling-words that sketch in bold, deep outlines the events delineated, yea, and, so to speak, xiaint them with vivid and glowing colouring. And, in ad dition to this word-painting of the sacred atithor, we Slave, to help us in understanding and realising this Bcene (and no inconsiderable help it is), one of the most famous works of, perhaps, the most famous painter that ever lived. Wa see, then, first of all, the beggar lying with the languid air and monotonous whine of the habitual mendicant; and we see the beautiful gate of tho temple with its columned porch filled with a miscellaneous company of worshippers. ?There were rough peasants and sober matrons, little ?children and professional mendicants, and above all there were those wisescribes and thosepious pharisees .who affected to make a home of the house of God. It was a solemn time and place, and it was a formidable \- .eompauy, and an ordinary man in an ordinary mood would not have cared then and there to draw upon himself the observations.of the people. But St. Peter was not an ordinary man, and, when that mendicant addressed him in his whining plaint for alms, he was not in an ordinary mood, for we are told in the word that "the Spirit came mightily upon him," and in the power of that Spirit which, like the wind, bloweth .as it listeth, he fastened his eyes upon the cripple. -'There was in his heart a deep Christian passion of pity. He felt that here was a soul to bo saved : hore was a great work to be wrought for the glory of Jesus ; and he knew by those deep mysterious inward signs that came ever and again to the chosen vehicles of in spiration that the time to work a miracle had come. The power, the love, the inspiration that was in him beamed forth in tho intenseness of his gaze, and when, instead of throwing the accustomed alms, St. Petor said, " Look upon us," the cripple in his turn, seeing something of the meaning that beamed forth in that «pirit-oukíndled glance, fastened his oyos upon the apostle. Thus these two souls-tho soul of the healer and the soul of the healed-were brought by the grace ?of God into what we may call spiritual correspon dence. There was, doubtless, on the part of the crip ple, 'intense and wondering expectation. What to .expect of course he knew not, but surely all his pre paration betokened that he was justified in expecting come great thing. But high as his expectations might be, how far they foll short of the blessed gift that was bestowed!-for as he gazed up wistfully into tho eyes of St. Peter with that dumb, helpless pleading, as of a wounded animal in distress, the electrifying words burst forth as if from the lips of a prophet of the mightier days of old, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have give I thee. In the name of ?Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk." Those wonderful eyes were upon him, and when the sinewy band caught his, and lifted him aa though to lift the burdened cripple to his feet were no more than to lift the sleeper from his couch, then the Spirit of the glo rified Jesu3 came upon the cripple also, and though be could not rise, though the soles of his feet had never touched the earth, though his limbs were bent and twisted under him in hopeless deformity, yet he made the venture ; he tried to respond to the divino behests, and in the power of faith-faith in the name of the Lord Jesu3-he stood upon his feet : ho did the impossible ! That, my brethren, is the incident with which our text is connected ; and now, in the light of that inci dent, let us shortly regard the two principal clauses of the text. There is, you observe, a negative part and there is a positive part. The text tells us what St. Peter had not : it tells us also what he had. I. . Let us consider first that winch lie had not. Silver and gold have I none." There was a ccriain pope, we are told, who, on taking [a friend round his magnificent dwelling, re marked to him triumphantly, "It cannot bo said now, 'Silver and gold have I none,'"-to which his friend replied, " Neither can it now be said, * Iliso up and walk !' " Now, my brethren, tho question to-day ^suggested by that incidonfc-namely, whether the .Church's power is increased by worldly possessions is one of the very last importance. Certainly the 'Church shall inherit the glory of tho Gentiles, and if tings are to be her nursing fathers and quoons her nursing mothers, it follows that she must sanctify .every rank and position of social lifo, hallowing the .splendour of the throne, softening the rigour of tlomir nion, while at the same time she sustains tho fceblo and comforts the sorrowful. And yet, though that be her future, it may well be that in order to achieve it «he may have, as it seems, temporarily to abandon it. The angels, you know, sang, " Peaco upon earth : goodwill to mon." Peace, final, everlasting peaco that was the destined future of tho gospel, but it waa not its immediate effect, for the Lord Jesus told us Himself, " Think not I am come to send peace upon earth. I come not to send peace, but a sword." It was an essential condition of the prevalence of the gospel that men should bo holy ; and if they wore de termined to cling to their Bins it was a necessary con sequence that tue only way to peace should lie through . contention. So, though it be the future of the Church to inherit the glory of the Gentiles, it is an essential condition of her power that she shall abandon all self ishness and covetousness, and if men will cling to selfishness and covetousness then the only way to power is by stripping herself of her earthly possessions. God only knows whether that be necessary for the Church. But, my brethren, if it be-if that be true now or hereafter-if, in order that the Church may be able to say, " Rise and walk," she must needs first be compelled to say, " Silver and gold have I none" then, in the name of the living God let us be stripped bare of all our earthly possessions S-yea, let us cast them from ua like old worn-out garments-everything -Bilver and gold, rank and dignity, and-even though we should regret thom most-learning and culture, and go out alone into the desert with Christ. There we know we shall renew our strength : there in the keen blast of affliction pressing the blessed cross to our hearts, and stirring up the almighty grace that is within us, we shall go forth as an army with banners -go forth to the battle of the Lord, conquering and to conquer. It may, indeed, be that God will spare us such a trial. No man can tell, for this is an age of fulfilling, and an age when those forces that have been running their course for centuries are attaining their results. God only knows what is good for us, therefore should we all take heed to the words of the apostle : "Let those that have wives be as though they had none ; let those that weep be as though they wept not ; let those that buy be as though they bought not ; let those that use this-world be as not abusing it for thc fashion of this world passeth away." Now, if ever, my brethren, wo must gird up our loins and trim our lamps, taking up the pilgrim's staff and scallop- shell, living day by day in the spirit of those words of the saintly poet ; " No foot of land do I possess, No cortage in this wilderness A poor way-faring mau." A poor portionless pilgrim, seeking upon £he hard rough sands cf this world's desert the way to the heavenly Jerusalem. IT. Ana tua«:, my brethren, brings me in the second place, to speak of tho positivo aspect of our text. And herein we observe two important particulars : first, the completeness of the miracle which is implied therein ; and secondly, the name and means by which that miracle was wrought. First, let us consider the completeness of the mi. ade. Tho aijostle did but speak, and straightway by the almighty power of God-it was as if an electric ] shock h ad. passed through him-the impotent man could leap and walk. And so it is in the conversion j of tho soul. Men in that clay must have thought it a wonderful thing when they saw a man whoso birth impotence wa3 notorious, restored to the use ol his limbs. But what is that to the sight, that our eyes have seen and rejoiced to behold, oí a child rf Adam born, with the bonds of corruption'hanging upon his limb3, able in the name of Jesus to leap up from his impotence and to praise the grace that saved him ? Oh, if you want to know the completeness of salva tion that Í3 in Christ, ask th oso that have experienced it. Ask them whether they found salvation complete in Christ, or whether they had to complete it by their own works and deservings ; whether they made them- ! selves fitter and worthier by waiting for it. - One and j all, my brethren, they will answer you . " We were not saved for our sakes, but for the merits of Christ : we were not savedbecause wo wore worthy,but because we wore needy ; we were not saved because with the power of tho Spirit wo came to the mercy throne, crying : " Just as I am without one plea, But that Thy blood was shed for me, . And that Thou bid'st me come to Thee, O Lamb of God I come " Men in this world will not believe in this spiritual miracle-it is too great. Ah, my brethren, if you had lived in the time of this impotent man, if you liad been he, yod would have reasoned I suppose thus : " What a word is ' this ! How can I walk who never performed the- action in my life ? How can I rise to my feet, whose limbs have been paralysed ever since I saw the light?" Just so men reason about conversion. " What is the use," they say, "of telling me about a new heart and a new life-rae who have lived in sin ever since I could think-me who have been growing so and hardening irt sin that I not only think it and will it, but love it and do it, yea, live in it and breathe in it, as if it were the atmo sphere of my spiritual life. Break tho bonds of my sin- break them at a single wrench ! As well talk about breaking the order of the worlds or the iron bands of destiny !" And yet, though they reaspn so, these worldly sceptics can beliovo a thing more impos sible. While finding fault with suoh conversions as that of St. Paul for its suddenness, they believe that nevertheless a mau can improve) himself by little and little. Improve himself ho may ; save himself, renew himself, he cannot. Ah, brethren, how is that pos sible ? How hard it must be for you to ciiange a single sinful lust, while it is surrounded and incited by a thousand others equally evil ! And remember, I pray you, that the mind aiid moral nature aro one} that we can no more separate them than we can break ourselves into pieces ; that in every act and in every thought there is the whole man. If then a single word, a single act is to be pure, we must begin by making the mun pure. Surely, my brethren, it is more philosophical to say with the bible, the blessed word of God: "Ye must be born again." "If any man is in Christ, he is a new creation : old things have passed away ; behold ail things have become new." And yet, do not misunderstand me. In saying that aman may bo born at once as this poor cripple was healed, I do not mean to affirm that a man at a single stride can pass from being a reprobate to being an angel, and yet I do say that though it bo true that ufter the change of conversion, rebellious tendencies and besotting sins will have to be slowly, hardly, almost impossibly fought down, still it is possible that a man shall, by the grace of God, at a single step be gin tho fight-begin it with good hope of winning, be cause by that ningle step ho has been united to the "life of men." Ah, brethren, can you not believe this ? If it be not true, why is it not, I pray you? Do you think that you can gain anything by waiting which shall make jt moro possible for you to begin to serve God than if you came to him now? Can you by waiting make tho merits of Christ more sufficient, the grace of God moro powerful, or your own heart fitter and worthier to receive it ? Perhaps you think you can make your repentance moro adequate : but now, what is it to repent ? Godly sorrow is not repentance : it worketh repentance, but itself it is not. Repentance is the turning of tho heart to God, and though from the nature of the case we must go on turning to God more and more every doy that we live, still we muBt begin that turning, and what I contend for ia this, that you cannot begin it in your own strength, but you must come to Christ to get strength to turn. And thus it romaiueth that a man may not ropont first in his own strength and then como to Christ, but he must como to Christ first that he may get strength to repent. Oh, brethren, como then to the Lord Jesus ; como with heart-broken sorrow for your post ingratitude ; como feeling ^liat you haye kept Him knocking at the door of your heart in vain for all tlusj yearB ;' come feeling that you have turned lightly away to laugh at the heartless world, and left the dear Lord with that sad grave look of slighted love upon His face. Oh, come with a heart full of remorseless relent ings and cast yourself at the foot of His cross, and, my brethren, you shall, if it be His will, you certainly may, before you leave this temple floor, have lighted up in your heart a fire of love which shall burn as long as you live, which all the malice of men and devils shall be unable to put out. I stand here os an ambassador for Christ, and I am bold to Bay to each one of you, a3 though you and I stood face to face and in all this great temple there was only you and I -I am bold to say to you in the name of God, Jesus Christ maketh thee whole. "In the name or Jesus Christ of Nazareth rise up and walk." Ah, brethren, there is the explanation of all ; there is the explana tion of the miracle ; there is the great spell of apos tolic power-"in the name of Jesus Christ," the name of the Man of Sorrows, the name of the despised Nazarene, the name of Him that died upon the cross, "for there is no other name under heaven given amongst men whereby we must be saved." We are His members and Ho is our head, and that He might be tho head over all things to His Church, God the Father ha3 put into the hands of the glorified Medi ator-King all the executive power of the Godhead ; and oh, what wonderful thought, what unimaginable ' condescension ! it is granted, till He hath put all things under Him. Just at the time when His people are passing through gloom and sorrow, just then and for no longer, the highest heavenly power is wielded with a tenderest human pity, so that when we come in our weakness, our sin, our loneliness, and look up to heaven, wo seo not the naked blinding glory of the Deity, but the -face of tho High Priest who can ba touched with the feeling of our infirmities bending I down over us in pity and love. Oh, wandering sinner, oh, poor backslider, if there be one, hear the invita I tion to como back to Christ to-night. Thou hast it in ¡ the power of the Holy Ghost, who is in this temple because two or three are gathered in it. Oh, there is love in that heart for thee ; there is healing in that hand for thee ; and, as it is stretched out in benedic ? tion, behold it 1 It is the hand that was nailed to the cross for thy sin ! Oh, then, stretch out the feeble empty hand of thy faith and grasp that almighty hand which is stretched down from heaven to seek thine. And having gained it,hold fast to that hand, for thou art safe there. And then thou shalt find that it is the hand of omnipotence which can save thy soul that was sinking in the ws ters of sin, as it snatched Peter from tho storrn-vexod sea ; and as thou holdest by it thou shalt find, as he found, that the wind ceases and the waves are still, and that there has passed across the troubled waters pf thy spirit, as across the storm vexed lake, the presence of a great calm. 