MELBOURNE. (FROM odb owk OaBKIOPOHSEHTO Friday Evening. Although the secret mode in which the Confe rence is bang held places me in a state of blissful ignorance, similar to that enjoyed by my brothers of the fourth estate and the world at large, as to what has really been said and done by the secret six during their two meetings, I am still in a posi tion (thanks to rumors tearing ont and, it may be, just the least little bit of imagination) to leave on record something winch, whilst assisting to appease the curiosity of your readers, will be found, I bare bo doubt, not a very long way frdm the truth when the proceedings of the conference come to be made known. What I hear is that the great point in dispnte, if not tits only question at iseue, is as to what does and what does not properly constitute an appro priation bill. The committee of the Assembly take the view that all money hills are covered by the term ; but the Conned representatives hold that the only bills which fall within the category are those that provide for the Civil Service and ordin ary expenditure of the year. The point was warmly debated for upwards of u hour yester day without any agreement being come to, and in the face of the often expressed opinions of at least some members of the con ference on tins important subject, it is not easy to anticipate that a satisfactory understanding will be come to. With regard to the plebiscite, it, is said that the conference has agreed to let it gb; bnt then, it must be borne in mind that .this is only rumor. The LandTax Commissioners were occupied during the whole of to-day with the adjourned hearing of the appeal of Mr S. G. Watson, whose estate of 3597 acres, in the counties of Bensmbra and Delatite, was placed in the second class by the Government valuators, Messrs Harvey and Say. The appellant was under examination nearly all day, and the case had not "concluded when the court rose. The mad mischievous individual who for some weeks "past has been enacting the part of a ghost in the neighborhood of this city, still continues to play his. pranks hi one or other of .-the suburbs utmost nightly, and .although it is said that several policemen have received special instructions to watch -for- bis ghost- ship, and to spare no efforts to arrest him, if seat, he has hitherto contrived to elude all pur suit. In the meantime a number of - nervous women residing in Pralirsn and Richmond, have been half frightened to death by the perpetration of the freak, while a friend of mine, residing in BichmoDd, tells me that his children are afraid to venture out after dark, for fear of meeting the " apparition. A few " nights ago about 150 persons assembled opposite an un finished building in Vauclnse, where toe "ghost" was reported to have been seen on the previous evening, but toe visit was not repeated. The "ghost" was last heard of it St Hilda, in which place it is said to have been observed on Wednesday night. The latest rumor sflott as to toe matter is that the paeon playing this absurd and dangerous trick is doing so in pursuance of a bet that he will keep up toe part of a "ghost" for a period of six months, without beiog caught or having his identity discovered. - A daring and most vexations theft was perpe trated last night at -the gardens of the Acclimati sation Society in toe Royal Bark. After toe keepers bad gone their rounds at nine o'clock in the erening, and found everything right, an aviary containing between forty and fifty choice ringing birds, comprising . canaries, goldfinches, linnets, Ac., was broken into and almost cleared ont, only two of toe birds being found there when the at; tendant went to tbc aviary at an early hour, this morning. The police were at once 'communicated with, but so far no trace of toe thief has beat dis covered. i ' ' The magistrates on the city bench this .morning decided that the evidence brought forward against William Woodlock, in support of the charge of stealing his brother's property, wss not sufficient to warrant them in either convicting toe accused or sending him for trial, so he was discharged. An action brought by one Patrick Joseph M'Auliffe against Mr Aaron Warm an, in the County Court to-day, to recover .£250, being money overpaid by toe plaintiff, resulted in a verdict for M'Auliffe for toe full amount claimed. M'Auliffe had some borrowing transactions with Waxuian extending over some years, and came ultimately to the conclusion that he had -repaid about flOO more than he shonld have done, but reduced toe claim to £250 to bring it within toe jurisdiction of the court. So far as I have been able to leant, nothing has yet transpired tending to clear up the mystery surrounding the strange disappearance of Mrs FarreQ, whose unexplained absence from her home at Coiling wood has created so rquch excitement in that suburb. As the detectives still think it quite possible that toe missing woman may be wander ing about the country, toey have had a large num ber of copies of ha photograph strode off and for warded to the various police stations throughout the colony, with a view of facilitating ha indenti- S cation. 