LONGFORD. (From our own Correspondent.) 'MUNICIPAL COUNCIL, 'TURSDAY, AUG. L. The Council met t 3 p.m. Present : lt. 3 Archer, Esq. (Warden), Couneillorsn Buil Archer; Y, Dodery, V'. Gibson. and J. Wilmore. MIinutes of last meeting read and confirmed. TENDER PO1 POLIOE CLOTHING. Only one tender was received for police cloth. ing from 0. Croft, launceston, at the following ruices :-Great coats, £2 Iis, trousers, £1 I7, mpere, 12e Il , cps and coners Uls. Upon thie ounaillor inspecting the samples of cloth, .they were of opinion that it was not nood enoughl, and the matter was left in the h onds of the Warden to seo aMr Croft and arrange for a better material. BUInnowTENDENT'B nEronT. The Suporintendent's report for Jul woas rend. It stated that eight persons had been arrested during the month, all of whom had been convicted. One case of sheep stealing hod been reported by R. J. Archer, Esq., which occurred at lrlckeudon between the 26th and 28th ultimo, but the parties had not been found out.. ' ' ': The Sveperintendent stated that havinl o, resort; toL the old "method of send* ing prisoners in on foot, in conecquene of the Breadalbane police station having been dispensed with, it nec, nsitated the escort going on to Young Town, which in the busy time of the year would keep one constable constantly employed. The Warden said this wou dvirtuallydooway with theservicesofone man, and wasagreat hard ship to the municipality, if it could he avoided. Councillor Dodery remarked " sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof." FINANCE. The following accounts were passed for pay. ment-Petty cash, £1 1e Cd ; W. Douglas, (rations), £2 10s 4d : Walch Bros. and Birchall, stationery, £7 14u 3d. The Council then (at 3"30 p.m.) rose. GENERAL. NEWS. For the last week or ten days an excitement has been kept up among the juveniles respecting " chot." replortrl to have heen seen on the road leading to Brickendon. Severalyoung ladies have been frightened by the "ghost," and one or two fainted. The police are on the alert, and if the party, whoever it may he, does not dis continue his foolish tricks, beforo long he will fall into the hands of the Philistines and be dealt with as he deserves. I am informed that four "harbingers of spring" were seen on MAr Thos. Lear's new stable on Tuesday mornig. Ithink they heave come before their time, as the weather ha been quite wintry these last few days. August lst. < ". 