PERSONAL EXPERIENCES OF HORATIO M. SHARPE, PRIVATE AUSTRALIAN DETECTIVE. I. — THE KLEPTOMANIAC. Another week and not a move. Mr. Balmy felt relieved, and offered, once we took a drive together, to keep me as antidote. Peace was all he wanted, and, as far as he was concerned, if he could have entered into a compact by which he should be left alone for the future on condi- tion of forgiveness to the robber or robbers, he would gladly have done so. Not so with me. I had certainly had no confirmation of my sus- picions, nor were they hinted at, but neither had I any refutation. By casually falling into a yarn with Sticky, the boots, while he was busily engaged at his uncongenial occupation early upon the morning after my discovery, I had managed to observe that the patterns of Mr. Boo' s boots corresponded with those I had cut ©out, but, then, it was quite true, that there were, among some thirty, three or four other pairs that did the same. Mr. Balmy gave shortly afterwards a "party" on a small scale. All the permanent were there, of course, and about half a dozen casual lodgers, among whom was myself. The remainder of the guests numbered a dozen or so. Two whist tables were filled, and the younger members amused themselves with music, a carpet dance in the opened drawing room, and a little courting. Periodically, visits were made to the invalid mistress of the house, who in her easy chair received us gracefully. Here were to be found, as they ought to be, her daughter and future son-in-law, not tied down, but flitting in and out more constantly than others, and ad- ministering those small comforts which only medica1 men and loving children rightly under- stand. Mr. Boos was in his esse, having been appointed master of ceremonies, and could with impunity indulge in his passion for ordering people about. He was a terrible blusterer, to be sure. Now it had occurred to me that in the event of any man being a kleptomaniac — of which I had no doubt, because, first, many articles had been abstracted which could be of no pecuniary value ; but on the contrary would serve to ac- celerate detection, and, in the second place I was almost certain no portion of the spoil had been disposed of — he would take advantage of this gathering to play some of his tricks, the supreme cunning of these, as well as all other maniacs, generally prompting them to act at times when most people would fancy them lying dormant. Acting upon this theory, I had "planted" one of my confederates — a trusty fellow — in a big cloth press whence he could view, through four apertures at the sides and front, the whole length and breadth of the first floor corridors, which at night were well lighted up ; while I had managed so, that my other man had arrived the same afternoon in the character of a country storekeeper, and been lodged in a room adjoining my own. His in- structions were to go from his own apartment to the parlours as frequently as possible, and particularly to watch the goings and comings of the permanents. Personally I took charge of the members of the party. Thus I imagined every post to be guarded by a careful sentinel. During the evening I went from one room to another, would chat a few minutes with Mrs. Balmy, the doctor and his fiancée, then look on Mr. Boos's administration awhile, and again pay attention to the whist players ; but nothing suspicious could I note anywhere. It is true, almost every one went out once or twice, but those who did not smoke came back after a minute or two. Boos did smoke, and so did I, and we two enjoyed our weeds together. Before returning, he went up-stairs, but as he would there be under the eye of my man, I joined the company before him, and after a few minutes he was down again, busily dictating, persuading and contradicting. It was late when preparations for supper were being made, but at last the whist players adjourned, preparatory to partaking of the feast, and were gathered in a large group, lively con- versing on some local topic, in which both Mr. Boos and the doctor took part. 'By-the-bye, uncle, 'said Doctor Penverdin — he called Mr. Balmy uncle since he had been accepted as one of the family, although they did not stand in quite so close a relationship to each other ; it pleased the elder, and was a pre- liminary to a more endearing title — 'By-the- uncle, I wish you would let us see that magnificent photograph you got from England the other day. Several of the ladies are dying from curiosity ever since I and Amy described it to them, and you must not have on your con- science such a burden as their lingering death, sir, particularly if I have to certify at the in- quest, the real cause.' Oh ! That's it, is it ?" replied our smiling host. 'Well, Ruthven if I had thought of it, I would have bought it in long before. 'Tis in mv desk in my desk in the snuggery.' What is it ?" asked some one. It is a microscopic photograph, not larger than a half-crown, with the portraits of fifty eminent Englishmen. Quite a gem in its way. and splendidly clear when seen through the glass which accompanied it.' 'I should like to have a look at it,' said an elderly gentleman, an M.L.A., J.P., and large land-owner. 'Then I will fetch it at once,' promptly re- sponded Mr. Balmy, and tripped away. Not much more than a minute could have elapsed before he returned, pale as a sheet, and wearing a most woe-begone and disturbed face not as if he had seen a ghost, as the common saying is, but as if someone had told him that his banker had failed, and he had lost some thousands. "What's the matter !" asked a dozen voice, at once, and I knew instantly that I could have answered the question in a general way. 'Matter !' he stammered — 'matter ! The matter is that it is too—too—too —— bad. There ! That's what the matter is. The snug- gery has been broken into and robbed !' 'The Snuggery robbed !' echoed the whole chorus. 'Yes. The desk has been forced open, and the cash-box is gone. And I locked the door myself at eight o'clock." Sundry ejacalations answered this unexpected intelligence, and twenty questions assailed him at once. 'Was much money lost ?' 'Was the door broken ?' 'Who could have done it ?' — 'Were any traces left ?' To these he replied, in effect, that he always took 'cash' from the bars, and the steward at eight o'clock in the evening, and frequently at midnight, also ; that such money, as well as all other business receipts for the day, were placed in a small cash- box, the various sums being wrapped in papers and too special chamois leather bags, to be checked off and entered in the books the follow- ing morning, when the total was locked up in the safe until banked ; that he, as usual, had taken cash at eight that night, put it into the box, and the box into the desk, and locked both, as well as the outer door. There might have been in all £50 or £60, besides cheques ; he didn't know exactly, but that could easily be ascertained to within a couple of pounds. Marks he had not observed, but the door had been opened by a key, and not forced. 'Let us go in and have a look, uncle' said the doctor. 'No,' replied Mr. Balmy, with more decision I would have given him credit for. 'What is done is done, and can't be helped. But no one goes in there, unless it be the thief or myself, until I have placed the matter in proper hands, and that will be plenty of time to do early to- morrow morning. This is something for pro- fessionals to engage in : we would only make a muddle of it. It is not the loss I care for, Ruthven, you must know that,' the honest gentleman added to one whom he seldom refused anything, and as he spoke his voice became husky ; 'but it goes to my heart to think that there is somebody in this house who so deeply hates me that nothing less than the absolute ruin of my good name and tranquillity of mind will satisfy him. Any honourable enemy — if I have one, of which I am utterly ignorant — would punch my head, or do — or do anything else that was fair, so as to get satisfaction. But this one hits me in the dark, and runs away, 'Tis an awful shame !" And with this climax Mr. Balmy broke down. As may be supposed, a good many opinions — and not a small share of advice — were pro- mulgated, but loudest in imprecations, most authoritative in denunciation, and most violent in threats, was Mr. Boos. If he really had done the deed, he certainly did his best to make people believe that he was more interested in the discovery of the thief than anyone else. The occurrence — nothwithstanding the host's endeavours to the contrary — threw a damp over the rest of the evening, and the guests dispersed much earlier than originally intended. At two in the morning I released my two con- federates. The one in the press had seen nothing in the least suspicious. People had constantly gone in and out of the private family apartments, but no one had done anything which had looked harried or unauthorised. He had only seen Mr. Balmy go into the snuggery, but as that apartment was exactly opposite the small staircase, he had been unable to watch it well, and I must confess that I had given him no instructions to pay special attention to it. My second spy reported that all the four resi- dents had, during the evening, visited their re- spective rooms for a few minutes, but that none, exeept Boos, had struck a light. He was quite certain that none of them had brought up any- thing as large as a cash-box, which could not have been concealed under a dress-coat. The poor devil who had been posted in the press since four o'clock the previous morning, had, from his twenty-one hours' confinement, become totally cramped, and with my master-key I opened an empty bedroom, and put him into it. The other one went to his own apartment. Shortly after three o'clock I judged it safe to go about, and went softly down to the snuggery, which I could open with my master-key. All the gaslights were turned low, and I met no- body ; for the night-watch had been discon- tinued, so as to enable me to place my own men, when, where, and how I liked. As I entered Mr. Balmy's sanctum, burning candle in hand, the half- sleeping occupant had well nigh fired a revolver at mc ; but he soon discovered his mistake. I may mention that it had been agreed that in case any robbery occurred, the field should be kept free from intruders, and left to my own particular survey as undisturbed as possible, and that Mr. Balmy had refused admission to all, in accordance with this compact, which seemed to have given a little offence to the first proposer of a visit to the snuggery, Doctor Penverdin. Only on one occasion, pre- vious to this, had violence been used, when, some six or seven months before, a writing case had been broken open. The desk in the snuggery was made of common deal, but had a good, strong lock. There had been no attempt made to pick this, but the sloping lid had rudely been forced upwards in such a manner as plainly to show me that the burglar not only was a novice in this branch of the business, but had been in a violent hurry. There was a mark on the lower face of the lid where the instrument had been pushed in. This was not more than half-an-inch in width, and had made an indention in the wood as the pres- sure had been put on of about a quarter-of-an inch in depth. Farther in, on the same surface, two and a half inches from the front, and one and a half from the lock, was the mark of the end of the tool — a very small, one, proving that the point had been round, and there remained in the wood, glittering in the light, a very small remnant of the edge of the instrument, exactly in the form of the cutting of a finger-nail, but thinner, keen as the edge of a razor, and of brightly- polished steel. This I carefully secured, My conclusions were that an exceedingly sharp instrument, with an iron shaft, net less than eight inches long, had been used. A round- edged chisel, or, I fancy, plane iron, or similar ! carpenter's tool, would have answered. Engravers j used many kinds of sharp-edged instruments, and I made up my mind to learn more about them before I was six hours older. The examination concluded, I returned to my own room as silently an I had left it, and had been there about a quarter of an hour, engaged in endeavouring to solve the puzzle which had been given me, when the doctor's gong sounded — nothing very unusual — as he was frequently called away of nights. 'Poor fellow,' I thought to myself, as I ex- tinguished my candle, not caring that it should be noticed I was still awake. 'Just properly asleep, and now up again, perhaps to be brought to a bed where a longer sleep is about to close someone's eyes for ever.' I have already mentioned that from the doctor's official consulting-room next door, where his assistant slept, a bell-wire communicated with his bedroom, and at the sound of the gong, the young medicus would promptly saunter forth. So he did now — very promptly, I fancied, with- out hardy knowing that I reflected upon the subject at all. It was a wonder he could have had time to dress so quickly. But I heard him go down, and knew he had a private key to the wicket-gate in the carriage-way (not the proper entrance). I was therefore not surprised to find him depart by the small stairs. I freely acknow- ledge I had no suspicions of him — not an atom of doubt floated in my mind concerning him : yet I determined now to see who wanted him. Silently opening my door, I therefore walked into the little front parlour, only twelve or thirteen yards from the doctor's own street door, but at least thirty feet above it. There was a bright moon, and I could clearly see everything below. He was not long in coming, but my sur- prise was not small when I found that he had only on his dressing-gown, and it was not les- sened when I ascertained that neither assistant nor messenger awaited him, but that he let him- self in with his own key. What meant this ? Was he such a humbug as to sound his gong merely to make people in the house believe he was in great requisition ? That was quite pos- sible, and not a bad dodge either. But, if hum- bug enough so well to manage this, why not ——? H'm ! I closed the window again, returned to my own room, struck a match, lighted my candle, and deliberately went into Penverdin's room, and was there met by a surprise far greater than any I had encountered that eventful night — Mr. Archibald Boos was there before me ! 'You here !' I exclaimed, in vain trying to suppress my astonishment. ' And you !' was the curt retort — 'what the deuce you, a perfect stranger, can want here, I should like to know. You are not ill from too much wine, I hope, and look for an emetic ?' he added, with his usual superciliousness. And you are not the thief — I know that, too.' 'Nor you either, apparently,' I remarked. ' Did you think I was ?' he asked, impetuously, but gaping so widely that he at once set my sus- picions at rest. 'It does no matter now,' I replied. ' I look for him, at any rate.' 'But it does matter, I can tell you ; and a very considerable deal, too,' he blustered. Confound it all, do I look as a mean, sneaking pilferer ? I would rather commit ten murders than one of these contemptible larcenies.' I almost thought be might. Tell me plainly,' he continued ; 'have you any right, or do you think you have any (which comes to the same thing), to be here at this unseasonable hour, and without leave ? If you satisfy me as to that, I will speak out.' '1 have.' ' Then you are a detective ?' I nodded an affirmative. Well,' he went on, I had no idea of this. You don't look or act like the others — a baby could have identified them a mile off. You, of course, suspect this precious doctor, else you wouldn't be here. So do I' 'That doesn't go far,' I observed drily, sure that contradiction would soonest make him reveal what he knew. 'But hadn't we better go into your room or my own, to discuss the rest ? He may return.' 'Don't fear it ; he is not such an ass as that. If he has no engagement, he stops next door at least an hour, to make believe ; if he has, as long as he is wanted. I know those tricks, any- how ; but as to this other matter, he is as deep as a well. I firmly believe he is the thief, and yet I am so doubtful that what I am willing to swear to one day, I discard as the greatest ab- surdity the next ; for how is it possible that a man who owns the love of such a girl as Miss Balmy, the thorough confidence of such a man as her good father, who has a splendid profes- sion and a brilliant career open for him, money in the bank and can get many thousands for the mere asking, should be a despicable low black- guard, a common sixpenny robber ? 'Tis enough to drive a fellow stark staring mad to ponder over it.' 'But,' I said, 'since you have been on the right scent, you must have some tangible reasons to adopt such an extreme measure as the search- ing of a man's bedroom in his absence.' 'Have you ?' he quickly demanded. 'Now, you are a man of business, and ought to have, you know. Save you ?' 'Yes,' I boldly answered ; 'I have. But I came to see if I could find some more here. Let's look.' 'Not an article do you touch in his absence,' was the astonishing rejoinder. 'Not as much as you could put between that,' he added, snap- ping his fingers, and placing himself right in front of me. 'Are you mad, Mr. Boos ?' I cried, still more surprised. 'Didn't you just now tell me you wished to detect him and his villainy ?' 'I am not mad, and I did intend to detect him : I intend to do so still. But you and I are different persons, you know. You will deliver him up to justice, if you can catch him. I will try to save him, if he will let me. That, you see, makes a difference as great as between night and day.' There was nothing sublime about him as he uttered this, nor do I think he fancied his con- templated action meritorious; but from that moment I regarded him in a new light. 'Now, Mr. Boos,' I expostulated, rather thrown out of my ordinary placidity by this unexpected obstable. 'Let us talk reason. I have authority for what I am doing — the very best authority, I assure you; and you will only cause a premature explosion, which may make a reconciliation impossible, if you are obstinate ; for you may easily believe that I will not give way to you. Individually, I have no intention — nor, indeed, any right — to proceed to extremities. That lies in other hands ; and, besides this, I have already proofs enough.' 'I am not sure that you tell the truth," he said, after a moment's consideration ; 'but you may do so. Anyhow, what I have already let slip must have strengthened your ground ; and if you will promise me not to do anything without Mr. Balmy's sanction, I will let you act as you like. Is that a bargain ?" 'It is.' 'Then make your inspection.' And he sat himself down on the edge of the bed. (TO BE CONTINUED.) "There are a great many doubts about that Eastern war,'' said an old gentleman to a neigh- bour, "Yes," was the reply, and a great many re-doubts also." " And yet," rejoined the old gentleman, "it is said that a great many of the troops are in transports over there." FLORILINE ! — For the Teeth and Breath.— A few drops of the liquid "Floriline" sprinkled on a wet tooth-brush produces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleanses the teeth from all parasites or im- parities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar , stops de- cay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly- whiteness, and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising from decayed teeth or to- bacoo smoke. "The Fragrant Floriline," being com- posed in part of honey and sweet herbs, is delicious to the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price, 2s. 6d, at all Chemists and Perfumers. Pre- pared by Henry C. Gallup, 498 Oxford street, London. 