TELEGRAMS. CFrom the Aqe arid other journals.) London, 19th September. — The Porte pro poses to offer for sale all the domains in Bulgaria pertaining to the Turkish Crown. London, 20th September. — The Sultan has refused to entertain any proposals for a con vention with Austria. ? London, 19tli September. — The Australian cricketers have sailed for New York. Berlin, 19th September. — The Parliament has referred a bill embodying measures for the repression of socialism to a committee of the House ? The proposal made recently by Pnnce Bismarck that the signatory powers should take common action to compel the Porte to carry out the stipulations of the' Berlin treaty has been again abandoned ? Reliable news has been received from Bosnia and Herzegovina that the Austrian ' advance continues unchccked. Tho capture is an nounced by them of Gradasliacz and Novo selsi, two fortified towns in northern Bosnia. ? The Canadian elections have resulted in placing the Government party in a minority, and also have resulted in a signal success for the protectionists. Vienna, 19th September. — Tho insurgents at Bihaez, a fortified town on 'the western frontier of Herzegovina have surrendered un conditionally to the Austrian forces. London, 20th September. — England and Germany have forwarded identical instruc tions to their respective naval commanders on the China station to use all endeavours to repress the acts of piracy on the part of the Chinese so frequent of late. Sydney, 20th September. — The free se lectors presented their . manifesto to Mr. Farnell to-day, who said that a ^ bill was al ready prepared wliieh contained many pro visions suggested therein. He, however, would consider the manifesto, and submit tho whole matter again to his colleagues ? Tho Premier also promised his consideration of the petition from 120 stockowners, asking for a renewal of the prohibition of the impor tation of stock ? The masters of two harbor steamers have been summoned before tho Marine Board to show cause why their' cer tificates should not been suspended or sancelled, for having carelessly nnd danger ously nnvigated their steamers on tho occasion of the race between Laycock nnd Messenger ? An officer of police has been shot dead near Dubbo while endeavoring to arrest Alick Law for the attempted murder of a brother officer. , Failures in the Wool Trade. — Tho failure is- announced of tho old-established firm of Hazard and Caldecott, wool-brokers, of 1, New Basingliall-street, with liabilities r*ughtly estimated at half a million sterling, of which about £300,000 is covered. It ig uncertain how the assets are likely to com* out, as much will depend upon the realization of.certain estates at tho Cape upon which the firm has made advances. Tho firm has bees in existence under its present stylo since 1859, having formerly been known as Daniel Hazard and Son. The case has been beforo the Bankruptcy Court upon an application by the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company, for an order that Mr Kemp, the receiver and manager, should pay over the sum of £16,119, being tho proceeds of the sale of wool effected by the debtors -aa brokers for the company. It appeared, that tho money had been received by Mr Kemp, and he had paid it into a separate banking account. He said there were other similar cases, and the only question was whether tho relation of principal and agent, or vendor and pHrchaser, subsisted between the parties. Ho had ascertained that the debtors had pledged large quantities of wool in their hands, aud he understood that the Bank of South Aus tralia claimed a portion of the proceeds of the wool sold for the New Zealand Company. Mr Coward, for the Bank of South Aus tralia, stated that ha received the notice of motion only that morning, and lie desired to have a reasonable time allowed for the pur pose of bringing forward his claim. He ex plained that the wool, having being pledged to the bank, was afterwards sold, and tho debtors, in order to obtain the money, borrowed the documents from the bank. It being suggested that probably some arrange ment might be made between the parties, Mr Registrar Hazlitt ordered the matter to stand over the present. The arguments in the case of 'Ricketson v. Barbour' — squatter against selector — for trespass, came to an end on Tuesday after noou, 10th instant, after lasting the greater part of three days. The Court unanimously held that there should be a new trial on soma of the issues ; on the other points, as to the construction of tho 18th section of the Crown Lands Occupation Act of 1868, the Bench differed in opinions. The Chief Justice held that the words of that section were too inde finite to give anything to a selector in virtue of his . conditional purchase. . Mr; , Justice Hargraves and Sir William Manning ex pressed strong opinions the other way. The intention of the Legislature had been clearly expressed. Each conditional purchase can celled three times its area as a grazing right out of the run or leased land on which the selection had been made. Wisdom. — Wisdom is a palace of which only the vestibule has yet been entered. - Honest Love. — True love may be likened to a ghost; every one talks of it, but few have seen it. 