MOSES REFUTED. Tho subjoined ludicrous productio from the New York Times is one of the best burlesques on the " scientific method " that has come under our notice :—The hit at geologists who construct elaborate theories on exceedingly frail suppositions might well be extended to some learned professors in other branches cf science, who have reared wonderful but unsubstantial fabrics of apparent facts solely from the scientific (?) uses of their imaginations." " A new and violent blow has just been struck at the Mosaic account of creation by the discover}' of an extremely important fossil in a cofiee-sic'i at Baltimore. In the centre of this sack was found the skull of a monkey. There can be no doubt as-to the facts. The coffee was of the variety lli->, and the skull was perfectly preserved. Let us dwell for a little upon the meaning of this discovery as interpreted by the princip'es of geolniry. The coffce-sact was 12 fsay 12|) inches in diameter and 4 feet in height. The skull, which lay in the middle of it, was therefore 2 feet below the surface. To suppose that it was violently forced into the sack, after the latter was full, would be eminently unscientific. No ont imagines thai '-) 5 fossil birds of the Old Red Sandstone dug down into thatlocality through the superincumbent strata. Nothing is more universally conceded than that fossils are al ways found where they belong. The animals whose remains we find in the rocks of ihe paloeozoic, the meso-Gothic, and the Syro- Pyoenician strata, belong respectively to those several systems. The fossil monkev skull was therefore deposited in the coffee sack when the latter was half full, and the two feet of coffee which rested uponrt was a subsequent deposit. Now, it follows from this premise that monkeys existed during the early part of the Rio coffee period. It is the opinion of mat geologists that the Rio coffee period succeeded the tertiary period, and immediately preceded the present penod. Now, no tertiary monkeys have yet been found ; but the Baltimore discovery shows that monkeys existed as early as the middle of the Rio coffee period, a date far earlier than any which has hitherto been assigned to them. Wears now in a position to enquire what utbe least period of time which must hava clasped since the skuli of the Baltimore monkey was the property of a lire and active simian. The answer to this quation must be sought by ascertaining rate at which coffee is deposited. « 1S the opinion of Mr Huxley, basedupona long and careful examination of over SW garbage boxes, that coffee is deposited in a ground condition at the rate of M inch in a thousand centimes, bnt tne disposition of nuground coffee is aim* indefinitely slower. He has placed bass, coffee-mills, and other receptacles in secluded places, and left them for montM at a time, without finding the slightat -traces of coffee in them. Although Huxley does not hazard a guess at tne rate of deposition of uuground Kio cottee. Professor Tyndall does not hesitate to say that it is .at least as slow as tm rate of deposition of tomato cans. ns suppose, as we are abundantly justified in doing, that 30,000,000 of yea™ would be required to bring ab<"» """ disposition of a stratum of tomito cMs one foot thick all over the surface ot w globe, an equally long penod must certainly have elapsed while a foot ot w ground coffee was accumulating overio" skull of the Baltimore monkey. thus ascertain that the monkey m q^tion yielded op his particnlar wiBty« ghost and became a fossil fully 30.000.0W 4f j e m w -ftrinWy^ ^ , ,,f rime is much less tlian S pe'iod which has elapsed ft" „,„nkev'« decease ; and we may that monkey ^ ^ ^ ^ it |to ^siaer months. In the light of teife rpvelation. what becomes of this ffhis S ) ^ ! It will hardly rice that he nowhere mentions — Obviously, this omission is the fact that he knew nothing of it io e «he\ras unacquainted with one of Brt » Dt formations, how can we ite ® thal he knew an j thing about the ^PP 056 lyj—the metamorphic and stereotW c - ^ia? And yet it is this man, tf°P lc „f!{ the plainest facts of geology, K f T l very simplest strata, who of i" J teU ug aU about ^ creation r— Tdenttfr .imeriwui. 