A TRUE GHOST STORY. It came with silent footfall to the bow window, and turning faced the door. A dim procession now entered the room ; first four figures, clothed in the well- known grey uniform of Mosley's {ruerillas. They were carrying on their shoulders arough unpainted 1 coffin. The coffin was placed in the middle, of the room, two more figures entered, one bent with age, the other a female. They were in their grave clothes. The room grew lighter. I lay there in my bed powerless, my skin bathed in the perspiration of a : deadly fear. I could not see where the new I light came from at first, but as I watched the figures I saw the flame creeping along their j dusky forms, and playing around the head and chest, apparently concentrated about the brain. AH the solemn forms of a funeral j were now enacted, the aged man and the female were bending over the collin, and the I cavalry men, with military precision, stood in a line against the wall. The service being ended the coffin was taken by the grey coats, and. rollowed by the man and woman. They tiled out of the room-as silently as they had entered. The figure in the black robe moved towards the door, but instead of following the procession it turned suddenly, and walked to my bed. It came close to me, and stood with 'folded arms. It was some moments before I could raise my eyes to look into the face of my strange companion. When I did I saw the eyeless orbits and the fleshless jaws of a skeleton. In a moment it raised its long hand over my head, as if to grasp me. Collecting all my strength I made one desperate leap out of bed, passing the figure and falling on the floor. The shock awoke me, and I found myself in perfect darkness. My excitement was so intense now that I felt sleep was out of the question, so I lit a cigar, took a book, and read till morning. For a moment there was silence. Then Major , M o n o mdd.-Muny of our• guests have ! lated »» tousis tliat substantially ' "•ij what lV^rJ ^lhave the? all have seen. That is my story, said the doctor. Perhaps our electrical friend will criticise it. Our friend, with his usual good nature, answered that he would try. It is well known, said he, that if you place an object, say a flower, before a plate of common glass, in a given time, with an ordinary light, von can see a picture of the flower upon the glass, which may remain for years. Perhaps it would not be too much to say that all physical forms arc photographed on plain surface, such as walls by light. Experiments have been made which go to show that physical forms impress their image upon surroundiug bodies even in the dark. It is also kuown to physiologists that living bodies are continually casting off into space imponderable particles of themselves. Scientific men tell us that we are surrounded by an atmosphere of 6ucli emanations, and that such spheres often touch and mingle with others. Now may not these silent invisible ghosts of our veal selves enter the very walls of the house that we have resided in for years. It does not follow that my theory of ghosts is unsound because I cannot tell you how the ghosts get out of the walla, ami become visible to our eyes. You cannot tell me why amber when rubbed attracts light bodies, or Uly" a soft iron bar held near a niagnet be conies a magnet. At the liittiiient of death this atmosphere which surrounds the body, and is an exact picture of it, may seek for a short time a locality for which it had a strong affinity in life. The following story, which perhaps you have heard, will illustjate my meaning :—In a country store two of the clerks, in weekly turns, opened the business every morning. One morning the junior clerk opened the office at the usual hour of 6\. The senior generally came down at 8\. The junior went through the usual routine of his morning's work, wondering why his friend did not make his appearance, as it was past 8. He was in the yard behind the store, aiid on entering the back door he saw his friend behind the counter. He said, good morning : but as the senior did not seem to notice him he went into the yard again, and on entering the store 10 minutes after his friend was gone. Then the startling news came that the senior clerk had fallen out of bed at 8 o'clock in a fit, and was dead. I will not try to explain this story, but the junior clerkj who was an intelligent man, and an unbeliever in ghosts, saw the exact counterpart of the other clerk there in the store. You cun appiy this story as follows : —If bodies having "form can impress themselves on glass, why not on other insensible surfaces. For my own part I have no doubt of the fact that this atmosphere, or second of the clerk, was behind that counter, attracted by those surroundings which in life had absorbed so much of his attention. The subject then dropped, and the doctor continued his narrative. He said the major and the purser started for a day's fishing. I remained at the house, and after dinner in strolling around the grounds I came upon what seemed to be an ice-house. It was an old stone structure, with a very heavy oak door, bound with iron. After this* I determined upon visiting the haunted room. It was a large room, and well furnished ; the walls were of plaster, and covered with painted scenes, representing battles of the revolution. The bedstead which was very massive, was of cedar, ana so heavy as to be quite immovable. The head board of the bed was beautifully carved. On examining it closely I found a wooden door behind it in the wall. • I at once called a few blaekfellows to help me to move away the bed. When they had left the room I, opened what had been a strong oak door which, either from age or white ants, was crumbling away, and entered a stone passuge, just lurge enough to admit, a man. In the passage I noticed a peculiar smell, reminding mer strongly ,of my dissecting room days. The stench would have repelled any nose, unless a professional one. It was dreadful, and although concentrated from long confine^ inent might readily have passed through the ant-eaten old door. The passage was dark. After Walking dbont 50 paces'the stench increasing at every step, I entered a room of a damp tomb- like appearance. One glahce was enough to show me that I stood in the presence of the real ghost. It was the burial place of the family ; on stone shelves, built | into the wall, Were laid caskets containing j the remains of many of the Joimstones, and as my sight improved in the darkness I saw that "the rebellion had added many to this silent company. All distinctions here were , levelled by death—patrician Mid slave slept side by side, (hi my return to the house I found the fishing party preparing for tea, after which I told them what I had seen. Our lieutenant knew that funeral services had been read in that room, which in former years was a dining-room. The stone passage led to an ice-house and wine-cellar, and , the cause ef the dreadful dream I have no doubt w-as blood-poisoning. Shirtliffs head was near the door, and with every breath the , poison from those putrifying bodies entered : his luugs. The cause of dreaming is the activity of some portions of the brain. In the present case the poisoned blood entering the brain excited some of its organs. The result was distorted thoughts. The dead of the family for the last 40 years had been buried from that room. You may accept this blood-poisoning theory, or you may receive my electrical friend's'. Were the phantoms the result of a poison circulating through the brain, or were they spectral forms of departed ancestors, who had for years b.:en impressing their outlines upon the walls of the room? Port Augusta, October 27. ? ? 