of Telegraphic. REUTER'S AGENCY.! ?- ? 3. THE WAR. '_ ~" "I LONDON,'AjâriTàÎ" -"""i -m tf. THE situation of affairs with Russia is still uncertain. All the English Press and the greater portion of the Continental Press write in high terms of the circular despatch addressed to the signatory European Powers by the Marquis of Salisbury Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, at the decision of Russia respecting the conditions of peace with Turkey being withheld. Count Andrassy, as Chancellor of the Austro. Hungarian Empire, has replied to the circular despatch of the British Cabinet in an equally decisive tone, expressing approval of the action taken. The Russian Press, in its leading articles, and. oates hesitation on the part of the Russian Government. Rockhampton, [FROM our OWN CORRESPONDENT.] April 4. A public meeting to consider the railway question has been convened by the Mayor for Thursday next. Mr. Kelman telegraphs from Blackall that a majority of the Bench refused his application for an adjournment of his case, on the grounds that his principal witness is ill in the Rockhampton hospital, a statement which was supported by a telegram from the hospital surgeon. Sydney. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.! April 4. Mr. Alexander Stuart, M.L.A., leaves for England shortly. Numerous petitions have been presented to the Legislative Assembly, for closing public houses on Sundays. His Excellency the Governor has received a communication from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, stating that the petition for the annexation of the New Hebrides to the British Crown had been laid before her Majesty the Queen, and that the Government could not at present recommend compliance with its prayer. Seven persons have been committed for trial for taking part in the recent sectarian riots at Hyde Park, A summons has been issued against Pastor Allen, for causing disorderly conduct in Hyde Park, and for preaching in an unregistered place, contrary to the provisions of the Tolerate tion Act. Arrived : Loch Etive, ship, from Glasgow Christiana Thompson, ship, from London. 1.30 our. Ministers replying to questions in the Legislative Assembly, said that it was the intention to ask the House to vote the necessary funds for an increase in the Volunteer force. Steps have been taken to carry out the resolution of the Assembly respecting the opening of the Museum and Free Library on Sundays. The consideration of the Electoral Bill was resumed in committee, which rejected amendments for a deposit of £50 by candidates upon nomination and the reference of election petition to the Judges of the Supreme Court. A new clause proposing payment of £300 a year to the members was rejected as being informal. Melbourne. [REUTER'S TELEGRAMS.] April 4. The Legislative Assembly will adopt an address to Governor Sir George Bowen, on his impartial constitutional action during the recent political crisis. 2 a.m. The Assembly has adopted the address to the Governor. The members of the Opposition opposed the motion, on the grounds that his Excellency's conduct was never attacked in that branch of the Legislature, and that it was undignified to invite criticism of the action of her Majesty's representative. The address was carried on division, by 35 to 16 votes. I HAVE to chronicle the demise, at the age of 66 years, of one of the earliest and most successful of the pastoral settlers of New South Wales and Riverina, in the person of Mr. John Peter, late of 30 Park-lane, who died at Torquay on January 28 last. His health for some time had been precarious, and since the year 1870, in which he sat on the Committee of Enquiry into the mode of conducting the wool sales in London, as one of the representatives of New South Wales, he had been more or less an invalid. _ His life affords, perhaps, one of the most striking illustrations of the success attained by some of the early pastoral tenants of the Crown The son of parents in the middle walk of life in the neighborhood of Glasgow, he emigrated in 1839, with the intention of advancing his interests in the world, but so certain did his family regard his speedy return that all that he possessed on landing at Sydney was £50, as his father expressed it, " to pay his passage home again." He was fortunate in his introductions, and still more fortunate in his indomitable resolution and clear forecast of the future. To the hon. Alexander Macleay, the first Speaker of the Legislative Council, at that time Colonial Secretary, he addressed himself, and at once entered upon an engagement to superintend and manage his sheep station at a fixed salary, with a small percentage on the increase. Mr. Peter's acute observation showed him the extreme liking of sheep for rock salt, which they were in the habit of constantly licking, and which contributed to keep them tolerably free from epidemic disease. With this clue Mr. Peter went farther afield into diBtncw hitherto untrodden by the white man, and as he journeyed he noticed that the vast plains of Riverina were covered by a small, stunted, shabby-looking shrub, largely impregnated with saline properties, which was afterwards be known and appreciated for its fattening qualities as the " salt bush," and here he took up extensive tracks of the finest sheep country, which ne leased from the Crown for his patron, Mr Macleay, and also for himself. Fortune favors the brave, or, as the old Duke of Wellington adopted for his motto, Fortuna _ comes virtuous, and the same keen appreciation of surroundings, and how to mould them to his purpose, induced Mr. Peter, upon the discovery of the great mineral wealth of South Australia, which was attracting a large population to Adelaide, to send thither some thousands of sheep, which, arriving at the nick of time upon a starving market, were sold by his agent at fabulous prices, and the proceeds invested in shares in the Burra Burra Copper Mine, which subsequently proved to be the richest in the world. Similar slices of that which is usually called "good luck" attended most of his operations, until at last Mr. Peter had accumulated so large a fortune that at his death it is counted by hundreds of thousands. It is believed. that his real and personal estate in England and the four colonies of Australia will reach, if it does not exceed, three- quarters of a million a very encouraging example of what may be done by men of steady, untiring perseverance, and shrewd common-sense. His will has not yet been proved, but I hear that one of his executors is Mr. Alexander Donald Macleay, the nephew M his early friend and patron, a name with which my readers are tolerably familiar. The other executors, I believe, are Mr. Ducroz, of DaW and Co., Sir Charles Stirling, Bart., a former neighbor and squatter on the Murrumbidgee, and his solicitor.-"Anglo-Australian in London. ""states t: ing in the way of a ghost story fish we have ever heard comes to us from New and The Auckland correspondent of the Til. Berala (whose letter was published on t "of 19 -that PaPer-) goes that some figureS Twing the percentage of electors amongst the ulation of New Zealand, etc, and further as:-" Indeed, so literally is the franchise at proUd and exercised that during one super is". "now election in Auckland an elector who offered the last penalty of the law three days previously successfully personated the =,,nerintendent at a suburban polling booth.' it is very disturbing intelligence. The Dean Westminster and some others are upsetting an old belief in a state of punishment after fAh and now it seems uncertain whether any actual punishment can be administered to an Idler in this world. If a man can vote five months after he has been hanged, he "Id we suppose, do anything else, and what an advantage he would have over all the unhanged ! He could commit his crimes with impunity, ince of course after the last penalty of the law had been inflicted on him no others could be United What a splendid opening, too, this will date for spiritualistic media. Any candidate "whose election is contested will in the future ral? require to engage an accomplished medium who will embody as many spirits Z are required to personate a majority of the electors, and the game will be won. We should like to show something more of the cir fjimsUnces attending this curious case of ghostly ' personation. Was the candidate against whom Se (ghost voted one of the jury who found him enemy or of the counsel who prosecuted him? Unless there was some desire for revenge to be ratified, it '" hard to understand a ghost revisiting the world for the mere purpose of plumping for M individual of whom he had no knowledge in the flesh. We are aware that it has been said that in days gone by the denizens of the spirit world took a "Ve!? interest in elections at Ipswich, and recorded votes by the hundred; but it was always supposed that a mistake might have been made in those cases that it was merely obliging neighbors, who, out of good feeling to perpetuate the memory of the defunct, and to carry out his last wishes, assumed his name for a time in the polling booth. In this New Zealand case, however, the men who committed the personation of an ex- superintendent is identified as one who was hung three months before there is no mis- take about that. It can be proved, too, that the honorable George Thorn was not in New Zealand when this took place, so there can be no suspicion of trickery. It has been said that the worst use you can put a man to is to hang him but if this New Zealand story be true it would seem to be no use to hang him. This item of news will have great interest for some of our Ipswich friends. They have always been supposed to know more about election dodges than any people in Queensland. "New Zealand has gone ahead of them this time ; but they have a character to maintain, and we can trust them to do it. The polling for Fassifern comes off on Tuesday, and we shall watch the result. We do not know whether any Fassifern elector was ever hung so possibly our friends may find some difficulty in capping the New Zealand trick ; but we have every confidence in tbeiringenuity, and would only wish to warn them that no bogus ghost will meet the requirements of his case. The New Zealander was a genuine article-hung first and then identified and nothing less than half-a- dozen equally well authenticated will reinstate the Ipswich politicians in the proud position they have so long best, of the cutest electioneering agents yet developed.-"Specialities," in the Queenslander, THE very inefficient state of the police force as at present maintained in Warwick has been brought rather forcibly under our (Warwick Argus) notice during the past week or two. Mr. Thomas McGahan, on Monday morning last, reported at the local police station that during the previous night a valuable draft horse belonging to him had been shot on his farm, which is situated about seven miles from town, and wished the authorities to take the matter in hand and endeavor to discover and bring the perpetrator to justice. Mr. McGahan, having given particulars, was told, in reply, by the officer in charge of the station, that a constable would be sent out on the following day to enquire into the case, if a horse could be borrowed to carry him; Hat both of the horses supplied by Government were useless, one having a sore back, the other gone in the leg. This is one instance of the sort of police protection vouchsafed to the inhabitants of this district. Here is another, still more striking. A resident of the Swan Creek re- fence lost a horse, saddled and bridled, in town one Saturday night about a month ago. As the animal had broken loose from a post is one of the principal streets, and could not be traced, it was presumed that he had been stolen, and the police authorities were accordingly consulted. The owner was advised not to advertise the animal, as doing so would put the thief on his guard, and possibly enable him to avoid capture. Matters were allowed, as the authorities advised to take their course for a week or so, during which period no clue was obtained by the police as to the identity of the thief or the whereabouts of the stolen animal we have good reason for believing that no effort was made to obtain any. Shortly after this the owner came to town one evening and was accosted in 1 fte street by a person whom he suspected as being the thief, and who offered, for a certain specified consideration, to tell him where his horse and saddle and bridle were. The offer was declined, and the conversation immediately routed to the senior-sergeant, who promised to send men next day to interview the person who had offered to reveal the whereabouts of the Went property. This promise was never kept, the men were never sent-the excuse being that they had no horses fit to carry them-and the stolen property still remains undiscovered. u THE Gympie Times of Wednesday last says : For several years past the quartz tailings and Writes question has occasionally cropped up and undiscussed. Although it was generally ad- mitted they contained a large percentage of m, yet either from the want of capital by wee who were willing to treat them, or the part of energy by those possessed of sufficient capital to embark in the enterprise, nothing had lately was practically done towards testing M matter. Probably the success of the pyrites companies at Charters Towers and elsewhere, caused some of the residents on this field to awe at the conclusion that the erection of f-T? ff,or,)«ä would pay here also ; at any rate, two local firms have started. Two of them are still somewhat limited scale, whilst the third U? erecting a plant sufficient to reduce TO quantities. Our reporter visited the one S .d on Arthur's Gully, situated Zara sale to the pound yards. The JUNE 2 Robinson. Ham, and party-con for is a. w working men. The appliances suring, k? pyrites are very simple in T riT dy ""expensive, but if the result in prove satisfactory with their appliances, awn, i fflore M wm 14 he Then carried on in a far ager 80ale- The Pyrites are five roasted CW. Ah caPable holding a charge of two they are -nTey have been thoroughly roasted ringlet withdrawn, and placed in a pulverised pXL . Cham mm- The basin of the feetinT Made of Street son, and is about 5 seawater- When pulverised and ground as is the pyrites are afterwards emptied into schist AT ?? barrel and charged with quicker to. ? . T* necessary revolutions sufficient Pyrite Tver to adhere to the gold the Presses, taken from the barrel, and by another Wen"e3°!d extracted. There are only two openers are work at Present ; they were &"thiLTni Parcel of Pyrites from the Pad. TV resting- Company when this visit was said the T "? their" retrial and Mr. Robinson factory TefTÍtUS costs and Proved perfectly satis- operated ss results of the parcel now being skins £5 Grove is now, another lucrative W?Ä7,?,lVBW»Bd»* here." so across - Chatter) have seen a sketch of "% toTS fish which is intended not as the. ss Te Porcelain from missiles but skin Law was bebtninB- The ordinary por WA U Provided with an iron shield wash is Mr r^,Td before- T116 beefeaters ct discharges' ioddsuiTention->» the provision of two mtíJ?^U for the lightning in the shape and the nrÍ.l??WB BomS through the iron shield ,&ktoofaTj;^».ïa.teTOiMtiBg within an \,Jtuktor on not as therein Pas which fixes the lo%and°^P0Îe- The sketch istobesent Î?" Above Jan 6! The Proved insulators tests. notSo fSrd d expense of making FROM the Sydney papers we learn that the Rev. Mr. Pepper, who has been appointed to the pastorate of the Congregational Church, South Brisbane, preached farewell sermons to crowded congregations, in the Congregational Church, Newcastle, on the 24th ultimo. On the following Monday a tea and public meeting was held, at which an illuminated address and testimonial were presented. The former expressed in very high terms the esteem and affection felt for Mr. Pepper by the church and congregation, and referred in very feeling language to the personal excellences and unobstrusive services of the pastor's wife. The testimonial consisted of a very beautiful silver inkstand, presented to Mr. Pepper by the deacons of the church, and a massive silver tea and coffee service, given by the ladies to Mrs. Pepper. Mr. Pepper suitably replied, and expressed his gratitude to the church for their uniform kindness to himself and family during the ten years of his pastorate. He then referred to the reasons which had decided him to accept the invitation of the South Brisbane Church, The meeting was addressed by Messrs. Brooks and Goodsir, who presented the testimonials, and also by the Revs. R. T. Hills, E. Lewis, W. Grant (Congregational); W. Bain, T. A. Gordon (Presbyterian), and J. S. Dobson (Primitive Methodist), all of whom expressed their deep regret at Mr. Pepper's removal, warm appreciation of his qualities, and earnest wishes for his future success. Mr. W. Laing, the senior deacon, occupied the chair. MR. H. M. Stanley, when banquetted by the representatives of the French and Foreign Press, in Paris, on January 21, made the following remarks "The old Roman Emperors returning in triumph, seated in their cars, generally had a slave crouching behind them to whisper in their ears, ' Caesar, thou art but a man 1 The Assembly here to-day, called the Cercle de la Presse de Paris, informs me that I am but a journalist. Wherever I went in Africa I was constantly told by my conscience, by all my principles and aspirations, that I was but a journalist. When our energies were almost bowed down by fatigue, when sickness compelled us sometimes to yield to the malarial influence of the climate, there was something which always whispered within me, ' I am but a journalist.' Then the natives on the Lualaba endeavored to intercept my passage to the ocean. In confronting them something reminded me that I was but a journalist. Then at length I arrived on the shores of the Atlantic, fatigued and hungry. I again remembered that I was a journalist, and before even taking a glass of wine or a biscuit to recruit my failing strength, I at once jotted down a telegram, and despatched a man with it right down to the mouth of the Congo. It was the journalistic instinct that caused me to speed like an arrow to the Victoria, that impelled me on my way through that untrodden land ; it was that journalistic instinct, that desire to have perfectly accurate intelligence, that led me to turn again to go back to Ujiji, and finish what other explorers had left undone ; it was, if you please to call it so, journalistic ambition that led me to say, 'I will not give it up ; I will go and finish what Living- stone has left undone.' WhenatNyanwe we heard those stories of the credulous people who wanted to frighten us back by their pictures of the dangers we should have to encounter, I again remembered that I was a journalist. I then said to myself, ' I am a soldier of journalism.' I know what that title implies in its fullest signification, and I have done my best and I make a boast of it-to add dignity to the name of journalism. 5Tou sometimes see journalists who decry one another. I am not one of them. You read papers where men say of one another, ' He is only a penny-a-liner,' I have no sympathy with these men. I prefer the advice of St. Paul when he says, ' Let brotherly love con- tinue.' I say, ' Let it prevail. I think that if there is one class of society in this world where brotherly love is most wanted, it is among journalists. If I could to-day only instil into each of the members present a spark of the esprit de corps which I feel as a journalist, I should say the happiest speech I ever made and the grandest success I ever achieved was when I stood before the Cercle de la Presse de Paris." The remarks, according to the Daily Telegraph, frequently elicited loud cheering, THE Parkes Gazette publishes a letter from Mr. David Buchanan, addressed to Mr. A. B. Pyke, one of his late constituents, in which he says : " I am not the least desirous of re-entering the House of Assembly. .... There are not more than two men in the present House WIK' can be called speakers in the most ordinary ac- ceptation of the word, and the prevailing ignorance of the Assembly is humiliating in the last degree. Coarse, vulgar ribaldry and unmixed brutality prevails to a degree that fills with disgust the mind of every true enlightened man. There is not such a thing as political discussion in the House now ; the whole talk has sunk and degenerated into mere kerbing and guttering. Let any discussion on man's true rights be introduced, and the majority of the members run away from what they cannot understand, and a quorum can scarcely be kept. This ignorance, in so important a place, may one day instruct the people as to a danger which at present they little dream of I therefore earnestly advise you, whatever you do, send to Parliament the ablest men you can find. Don't expect to reap a fine crop of wheat on sowing rusty nails. If you send ignorance to Parliament, ignorance will be the product. Unless the people most earnestly reflect on what they are doing, the probabilities are that our Parliaments will go from bad to worse, and from worse to something so sickening and revolting that some day we may awoke and find all our most cherished liberties and rights gone forever." ON February 8, at the week-night service, the Rev. De Witt Talmage, after reviewing the leading events of the day, is reported by the New York Herald to have closed his address in the following manner : " The third event of the week is volcanic. Turkey crushed, Russia triumphant, England aghast, the world con- founded! What next? you ask. That's what all the world asks. There has not been such an intense moment in European politics during our lifetime as this moment. If England hall, she becomes a second-rate Power ; if she march, then all Europe is an Armageddon. May the God of nations appear in this crisis. I am glad that the Turkish Empire has perished. She was an old butcher, and the most cheerful page of her history to me is her obituary. Where shall the miserable old carcass be buried? Where are the spades long enough to dig a hole deep enough? But I have no admiration for her conqueror, Russia. We have heard from that nation a great deal of shuffling cant about religion during the past year. What does she care about true religion ? She has been one of the world's most dreadful oppressors. Where is Poland? Where are the myriads who have been strangled under the choking pressure of her hard heel? I will not hide the fact that my deepest sympathies at this moment are for England. She has not always acted kindly to this nation, but what is the use of keeping old grudges good while the fact is certain that England and the United States stand side by side to-day in the great cause of civilisation and Christianity?" Kura Humbert is beginning his reign well. He engages to settle his father's liabilities, 3,000 000 live, out of his own private means, and he will sell Castel Porziano, a vast hunting estate bought by the nation as a present to Victor Emmanuel. The Cologne Gazette says the German name borne by the present King of Italy is an old one in the family of Savoy, being that of Humbert, sur named Whitehand, who is said to be the founder of their house. He lived at the Burgundian Court in the year 1000, and received from the Emperor Conrad the districts of Savoy and Aoota. Humbert IL had the duchy, which he considerably increased between 1891 and 1893, and Humbert IIL reigned at the time of Barba roBsa'B campaigns against the Lombard cities, died a monk, and was placed by the predecessor of Pius IX. among the Saints, After him no scion of the House of Savoy bore the name till Victor Emmanuel gave it to his son, thus connecting the lofty position his House now holds with its modest origin. 