HEINRICH HEINE'S LIFE AND WORKS. (Second Notice.) "To understand and to love nature," says M Sainte-Beuve, 'one most not be always intent on inward good or evil— incessantly occupied with spiritual self-defence, moral discipline. and restraint. Those who make a cold and cclourless limbo of the earth — who see here only exile and a twilight full of fear— may pass through the world and pass out of it without even per- ceiving, like Philoctetes at the moment of departure, that the fountains were sweet in this so long bitter Semnos, Although no philoso- phical or religious doctrine (except those of absolute mortification and renunciation) is con- rary to the feeling for nature ; although in this great temple, from which Zeno, Calvin, and Saint Cyran voluntarily shut themselves out, are many worshippers from every region— Plato, Lucretius, Saint Basil from the depth of his hermitage in Pontus, Luther from the depth of his garden at Wittemberg or at Zeilsdorf, Fenelon the Savoyard vicar, and Oberlin — it is true that the first condition of this worship of nature seems to be a certain yield- ingness, a light and trustful surrender of the heart of her." Of this attitude towards nature Heine affords a very notable example. Not only is this exhibited in his poems, but also in his "Reisebilder," or "Pictures of Travels," which is probably the most widely known of all his prose works. It was in these sketches that he de- veloped the rich humoristic vein which forms, as has been said, one of his chief characteristics. In these pictures he carries with him to his native town of Dusseldorf, to the Harz, the Isle of Norderney, to Italy, and to England, sketching scenery and character now with the wildest, most capricious humour ; anon with the most exquisite idyllic sensibility. His thoughts wander from grave to gay, from poetry to politics, from trenchant criticism to the dreamiest reveries, blending fun, pathos, and satire together in sketches which for incisive- ness of style and keenness of perception have seldom been equalled by any traveller. These pictures begin with a description of Gottingen which he left in the early morning. Beyond the gates he met the University beadles, who nust watch carefully that no students fight duels in Booden, and that no new ideas, which are always kept for a few decades before the gates of Guttingen, are smuggled in by a speculative private tutor. Among the Harz Moun- tains Heine fell in with a citizen of Goslar, who stuck to him like a bur, and made distressing remarks on the proofs of purpose in nature and its usefulness. "The trees,'"quoth this worthy man, "are green because that colour is good for the eyes." To which Heine replied, "No doubt ;" and added that God had created cattle because meat-broth was a strengthening diet for man; that He created donkeys that they might serve for human comparison ; and that He had created man himself that he might eat meat broth and not be a donkey. "So long as he was with me," says Heine, "all nature was disen- chanted ; as soon as he was gone the trees began again to speak, the sunbeams to be tuneful, and the meadow fiowrets to dance, and the blue heavens embraced the green earth. Yes, I know better. God has created man to adore the splendour of the world. Each author, however great he may be, wishes his works to be praised and in the Bible — the memoirs of God— it is expressly stated that man was created for His praise and glory." The following sketches of Harz scenery, with their lightness, purity, and graphic animation in every touch, further illustrate Heine's trustful surrender of his whole heart to the external influences of nature: — "The sun rose. The mists flew away like ghosts at the third cockcrow. I strode uphill and downhill, and before me hovered the lovely sun ever revealing new beauties. The spirit of the mountain favoured me quite openly; he knew well that a poet could again relate many beauteous things, and he allowed me this morn- ng to see his heart as surely few see it. And me, too, the Harz saw as few have seen me — in my eyelids glimmered pearls as costly as those that shimmered on the grasses of the vale. The morning dew of love bedewed my cheeks, the rustling pines understood, their branches parted themselves asunder, and moved themselves up and down like dumb men who show joy with their hands, and in the distance there was a wonderful sound full of mystery like the chiming bells of a lost church. They say these are the bells of the herds, which in the Harz are toned so lovely, so clearly and purely. "The legend is true ; the Ilse is a Princess who laughing and blooming runs down the mountain. How does her white foam garment flitter in the sunlight? How do tbe silver ribbons on her bosom flutter in the wind? How do her diamonds flash and sparkle ? The tall beaches stand beside her path like earnest fathers who laugh in secret at the caprices of the darling child; the white birches wave themselves like kind old aunts, and yet with some trace of anxiety about her daring leaps. The proud oak has the air of a morose old uncle who will have to pay ready money for the sunshine ; the little birds in the air trill their approbation; the flowers on the banks whisper tenderly, ' O take us with you, take us with you, dear little sister !" But the merry maiden springs without stop or stay on her way, and presently she catches hold of the dreaming poet, and then there falls on me a flower- rain of the trickling sunbeams and beaming trickles, and my senses faint away in pure splendour, and I hear only the flute-sweet voice of the River Ilse." Heine took his degree aa a Doctor of Law, and even made some attempt to begin practice as an advocate in Hamburg. But this project, as well as some hopes he entertained of obtaining a University Professorship or a diplomatic ap- pointment, came to nothing in the end. The two volumes of his ' Reisebilder," which had been published, though they had wonderfully built up his literary reputation, had in conse- quence of their direct and covert attacks on political institutions been interdicted speedily after publication in most of the States of Germany. "What demon drove me," he writes in 1830, "to write my ' Reisebilder,' to edit a newspaper, to plague myself with our time and its interests, to try and shake the poor German Hodge out of his thousand years' sleep in his hole? I must have rest, but where am I to find a resting-place? In Ger- many I can no longer stay.'"At last, in May, 1831, Heine left his native country and took up his residence in Paris, in which city, with short intervals of absence, he lived till his death, 25 years later. Here Heine wrote those essays on German literature and philosophy which are admitted to be the most brilliant writings of the kind ever produced by a German. These essays were first written for the Revue des Deux-Mondes, and subsequently published in a volume called "A Contribution to the History of Religion and Poetry in Germany." The most remarkable of those essays are in Heine's collected works the second and third books of his abstract of philosophical history, and entitled respectively, "From the time of Luther to that of Kant, ' and "From the time of Kant to that of Hegel." Heine himself, in speaking of those essays, says : — " I wished to give a true account of German philosophy, and I believe that I have done it. I have gossiped in artless words of those secrets of the schools which were known only to scholars of the first rank. I remember Pierre Leroux once met me and frankly admitted how he also had always believed that German philo- sophy was a certain mystic fog, and the German philosophers a kind of pious seers who breathed only of the fear of God." In truth, Heine's talent for teaching of abstruse systems of philo- sophy in a clear and comprehensive manner has rarely, if ever, been equalled. The amateur student of German philosophy, whose heart has well-nigh been broken over Fichte's "Doctrine of Science," will recognise with keen enjoy- ment the truthfulness as well as wit of the criticism : — "With Fichte it is an especial hardship that he requires the mind to observe itself while it is in activity. The 'Ich' shall conduct a series of observations on its intellectual activity while it is in operation. Thought shall listen to itself while it is thinking, even while it is getting warmer and warmer, and at last become a thought. This operation reminds us of an ape who sits by the fireplace and cooks his own tail in a copper cauldron. For he asserted that the true science of cookery consisted not only in objective cooking, but also in being subjectively conscious of being cooked." The way in which Heine sums up Kant's restoration of deism, by practical reason, after he had theoretically demonstrated that the transcendental ideal of a Creator was the result of a natural illusion, is no less striking : — ' Immanuel Kant has up to this time played the inexorable philosopher ; he has stormed the heavens, he has put the whole fortress to the sword. The supreme lord of the world lies undemonstrated in his blood ; there is no all mercifulness, no fatherly goodness, no reward in a future state of being for self-denial here. The immortality of the soul lies at its last gasp. There is a groaning, a death rattling, and the ancient Lampe (Kant's man - servant) stands by, with his um- brella under his arm, as a sorrowful spectator, and the sweat of terror and tears course down his cheeks. Then Immanuel Kant grows compassionate, and shows that he is not only a great philosopher, but a good man. He reflects, and half-goodnaturedly, half-ironically, he speaks: — 'Old Lampe must have a God, otherwise the poor fellow cannot be happy.' Man should, however, be happy is this world. So much the practical reason asserts, as I take it, and so practical reason may go surety for the existence of a God.' Heine draws a remarkable parallel between the progress of philosophic thought in Germany and the French Revolution, and institutes the following comparison of Kant and Robespierre : — "First, we find in both the same inexorable, cutting, unpoetic, sober honesty. Then we find in both the same faculty for mistrust, only that the one exercises it against thought and calls it criticism, while the other employs it against men and styles it Republican nature. In the highest degree was there exhibited in both men the type of the commonplace townsman. Nature had designed them to weigh coffee and sugar, but Destiny determined that they should weigh other things, and she laid on the scales of the one a king and on those of the other a God. And they weighed them exactly." The principal scope of Kant's chief work, the "Critique of Pure Reason," is thus indicated : — "Philosophers before Kant had, it is true, speculated on the origin of our knowledge, and had, as has been shown, taken separate paths according as they declared for ideas a priori or ideas á posteriori ; but they have thought less on the extent of our faculty of knowledge, or the limits of this faculty. This was now the task of Kant. He subjected our faculty of knowledge to an unsparing examination; he sounded the whole depth of this faculty, and examined all its boundaries ; and then he found that we could know positively nothing of very many things of which we had before imagined that we possessed an intimate knowledge. That was very vexatious. But it was always very useful to know what things they were of which we could know nothing. He who warns us of following false paths renders us as good a service as he who points out to us the right road. Kant demonstrated to us that we could know nothing of things as they are in and by them- selves, but that we can only know anything of them in so far as they are reflected in our minds." Heine sums up the review of Kant's philo- sophical labours by saying : — "The German people does not allow itself to be lightly agitated ; but when it has once set forward on a path it will follow the same to the end with the most obstinate perseverance. We showed this in the matter of religion. We show it now in the matter of philosophy. Shall we also be as consequent in the matter of politics ? "Germany was drawn by Kant into the philosophical path, and philosophy became a national question. A fair band of great thinkers sprang up suddenly, as though evoked by magic, out of the German soil." At the conclusion of his review of German philosophy Heine again returns to the question as to the way in which philosophic thought might in the future mould the politics of Germany : — "German philosophy is a weighty matter which concerns the whole human race, and only posterity will be able to decide whether we are to be blamed or to be praised for the circumstance that we first worked out our philosophy and then our revolution. It appears to me that a methodical people like ourselves must needs begin with the refor- mation, afterwards occupy itself with philosophy, and then only, after its completion, pass over to a political revolution. This order I find quite reasonable. The heads which philosophy had need of for thinking, the revo- lution might afterwards cut off for its own purpose. But philosophy could never make use of the heads which had been cut off by the revolution if the latter had gone first. Be not frightened however, ye German Republicans, the German revolution will not be milder or softer because the Kantian Critique, the Fichtian Transcendental Idealism, and also the Philo- sophy of Nature preceded it. Through these doctrines revolutionary forces have developed themselves which only wait the opportunity when they can break forth and fill the world with terror and astonishment. Kantians will come to the foreground who also in the world of reality will know no pity and will without mercy slash deep through the soil of our Euro- pean life with sword and axe to grub out the last roots of the past. Armed Fichtians will then tread in the arena, who in the fanaticism of their will are not to be chained either with fear or self-love ; for they live in the spirit, they defy matter like the early Christian's, who were neither to be subdued by bodily pain nor by bodily enjoyment. Yea, such transcendental idealists would in a social catastrophe be yet more inflexible than the early Christians, for these endured earthly martyrdom in order thereby to obtain heavenly happiness ; but the Transcendentalist treats martyrdom as a pure farce, and is inaccessible in the intrench- ment of his own thoughts. But yet more terrible than all would be the philosophers of nature when they began to be active in a German revolution and identified themselves with the work of destruction. For if the hand of the Kantian would strike strongly and surely because his heart was moved by no traditional reverence — if the Fichtian, full of courage, defies every danger, since it does not in reality exist for him — so is the philosopher of nature to be dreaded on the account that he stands in alliance with the original forces of nature, that he can conjure up the demoniac forces of the old German pantheism, and that then would awake in him that lust for battle which we find among the old Germans, and which does not fight either for the love of destruction or for the love of victory, but solely for the love of fighting. "Christianity, and that is its most noble service, has in some way nullified that brutal German love for battle; but it could not uproot it, and when once the conquering talisman— the Cross — is broken, then the barbaric fierceness of the old fighters, the mad Berserker wrath of which the Northern poets have said and sung so much, will again storm forth. "Do not smile at the illusionist who antici- pates the same revolution which has taken place in the domain of thought to be also played out in the world of action. The thought goes before the word, thn lightning before the thunder. German thunder is in truth German, and is not very flexible, and has a long deliberate roll; but it will ccme, and when you hear it crash, as it has never crashed before in the history of the world, then know the German thunder has at last struck home. Then will a drama be played out in Germany compared to which the French Revolution will appear a harmless idyll." To these remarks, which seem strongly signi- ficant in view of the present political situation in Berlin, we need only add, in order to show that Heine was by no means alone in thinking the unbounded liberty of German thought was likely eventually to find utterance in other ways besides treatises on philosophy, a short quotation from a letter written by Fichte to his friend Reinhold :— "I never believed that they (the Government) persecuted me for my alleged atheism ; they persecuted in me a free thinker, who began to make himself understood (Kant's obscurity was his safety) a decried democrat. They were terrified, as at a spectre, of the independence which as they darkly fore- bode, my philosophy awakened." Di-tkict of NoARtcjraA.— A representative meeting of the electors was held at the Hone toe Inn, Noarlunga, on 'Wednesday evening, ?ept«aber 4, to consider the representation of he district in the House of Assembly, rendered i'-ant through the retirement of the Hon. J. 'olton on account of illness. There were about 0 persons present, and Mr. W. pavy, Chairman f the District Council, presided. Messrs J 'one*, J. Hales, T. Atkinson, J.P., and T S. 'srey addressed; the meeting. A motion that Jr. Atkinson was a fit and proper person o represent the district was carried unani Dously. Mr. Jones said he intended to to to he poll, but Messrs. Hales and Carey withdrew r^0^?*'1, '*?? F^y at the «*?«* tated that he only attended in case a local c&n-; lidate did not come forward. As Mr. Atkinson lid done so he did not intend to address the neeting, but at the request of the meeting he -riefly enunciated his views. A vote o£ thanks to passed to Messrs. Jones* Haba, and Oiray or their attendance. ' 