SYDNEY. . June 1. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) l r et another case of robbery with violence in our streets ! Just after posting my letter to you on Wednesday last, I paid a visit to the Water Police Court, and there heard the details of one of the most extraordinary and audacioufi affairs of the kind yet recorded. It appears that a man named Claydon, about 9 o'clock in the morning, fell in with a young woman in the city named Enuna Brown, and asked her to drink. The invitation being accepted, the pair adjourned to a publichouso, where Claydon treated the girl Brown and two other women, and two men also; all being fricuds of Brown. On leaving the house prosecutor was accpmpanicd by Brown and the two men ; the latter, at a signal from Brown, seized hole of Claydon, garolted him, and emptied his pockets. The three then made off, and were not arrested for some days. Fortunately the whole affair was witnessed by the occupant of an adjacent house, and the identity of the prisoners being clearly established, all three were committed for trial. The extraordinary part of the business is that it took place in broad daylight, and in one of the principal thoroughlarcs of the city. There is not a great deal of news to "report in the mntter of amusements. On Wednesday night, Mr. Cre6wick played Lear for the last time at the Victoria ; on Thursday, he took his benefit, and had a bumper house on the occasion ; and last night his larewell performance brought to a close perhaps the most successful career in Sydney enjoyed by any actor that has paid a visit to the colonies. Mrs. Siddons has been playing to good houses at the Royal, where her Rosalind was received with all the enthusiasm so finished a piece of acting deserved. Those irresistibly comic personages, Messrs. Baker and Farron, have been doing good business at the Queen'6, where " Lisa Eccles" still apparently commands undiminished popularity. At the 'Guild-hall the ghost still draws good crowds. Speaking of the theatres, I notice that an evening paper has very properly drawn attention to the abominable custom into which Sydney managers have drifted of spinning out a meagre programme by means of inordinately long intervals between the pieces and even between the acts. Thi6 is a grievance oflong standing, and ought to be remedied. I bad a glimpse to-day of the veiy handsome cpergnc and "old watch on view at the shop or Messrs. Flavelle, and about to be presented to Mr. George Day, the member for your district. The piece of plate is a veiy tastefully-designed and massive affair, and the watch is also a valuable article. The suburban railway question stiil attracts a jood deal of attention amongst residents of the suburbs. A meeting of the Municipal Conference was held at the Town-hall on Wednesday to consider the subject. It was decided that a deputation should wait on the Minister for Works next Friday, consisting of delegates from each of the suburban councils and the Mayor of Sydney, to urge upon the Government the claims of the inhabitants of the city of Sydnov and its suburbs to a share in any railway scheme that may be submitted to Parliament. It was also resolved that a petition be presented to Parliament on the subject, and a draft memorial was submitted for approval anil adopted. I am very sorry to have to report that the Mayor of Sydney now lies in a von- critical con- diUon. Since his return from Melbourne he has been dangerously ill, and although vesterday he was understood to have been slightly impiovin" the symptoms are still sufficiently serious to give his friends grave cause for anxiety. Mr. Bennett also, well-known as the proprietor or the To tea and Country Journal, is seriously unwell, s':llering from inflammation, the result of what, at the time of its being inflicted, was considered only a trifling wound in the hand. ihe prosecutions arising out of the Hyde-park riot cases have at length been brought to a conclur)™ s o n e v e r c tried at the rv sitting of the Central Criminal Court on a charge l r. KU ;f e f rit i,, i " H - vde -l ,arlc ™ Sunday, 1 J t a l ™ , i The witnesses called were 1 astor Allen and a policeman named Tindall, w ho deposed to the facts of the case, which I need hardly repeat as they must be pretty well known ', r f, adcrc Tl, - e . Attorney-General, who. conducted the prosecution, said he would have been glad if he could have deemed it unnecessary M ^ V" but it was important of the ft • vindicated. At the close of the case the jury retired for about an hour, rutl , . rned ^ « verdict of guilty Phillfn SIJII^M William Stri toil and Phillip Stapleton-and not guilty as to the other t„n .if J ur >; recommended Stritch and Stapleton to the consideration of the Court in Mnsequence of the provocation received by the di ribuhon of pamphlets on the occLion The Attorney-Gencrai add that he though he would est discharge his duty by not praying judgment but by simply requiring Stritch and Staiileton to enter into their own reS)gni2ances to amear for judgment when called on? His Honor Rented and this course was pursued. «®ented, A rather sensational action for slandw was 1 Sim Tbfa/ t l l e 1,Wnti,r daraage8 Mr. Jutea Joubert is' to road a paper at the Universal Confess to be held m Paris on the 10th Juno, on the subject of "The- progress o South Wales na a pastoral and agricultural and a field for immigration." ' I regret to say that Mr. Bennett, proprietor of the Ewnina and Tom and Country Journal, died yesterday. , . Telegraphic news to hand this intoning reports lioavy gale® along,the coast. At Newcastle the nales commenced, yesterday morning and blew haid all day and all night, considerable difficulty "«eing experienced in getting several chips into v, ^Another meeting of the Mort Testimonial committee e was held oh Saturday night, Mr. IL O. Holland >i n A in the flm chair. nhn.it-. The Tlie Chairman'stated Htativ) flint, that \ \„j he had waited on the Secretary of the Trade and Labor Council, but found that his object had been anticipated, tho Council having already passed a resolution agreeing to co-operate in the work ot perpetuating the memory of Mr. Mort. The secretaries of several trade societies were enrolled as members of committee, and it was decided to send a deputation to. the Mayor of Balraain, asking him to call a public meeting to further the object in view. Trustees were elected to take charge of monies collected, and the meeting closed. . Writing of the law court reminds me of one of the most curious thefts that I remember to have had brought under my notice. At the Court of Quarter Sessions a man and woman were pro- Ffcitted for stealing sixty packets of vermin killer! This is certainly the queerest article to attract the attention of a thief that could well be suggested. It is not a thing for which a ready sale could be anticipated, and the appropriators could hardly have had personal occasion for so large a quantity. The question therefore suggests itself as to whether the thieves did not perhaps intend to distribute the insecticide amongst their acquaintances, and whether under such circuinftauces they are not entitled to rank as philanthropic sanitary reformers on a small scale. Anyhow tbe jury had 6ome difficulty in arriving at a decision and they ultimately acquitted one of the prisoners. The necessity for an increase in the accommodation furnished by our Charitable Institutions becomes moreapparenl everyday. At the Sydney Infirmary all the beds have been filled for a week past, and nigh upon a score of patients have had to be refused admission. A challenge to a competitive trial of skill in the rope-walking line was recently issued by one of the Blondin Brothers to Mr. Perkins. In response a number of Mr. Perkins's friends held a meeting the other night, to accept the challenge, but the Brothers did not put in appearance. A committee was formed to take up any challenge that might be offered. The advocates of the total abstinence movement are bestiring themselves with a view of starting a branch in Sydney of the Independent Order of Rechabites. At a preliminary meeting held at the Protestant Hall a large number of intending members were enrolled and the meeting then adjourned for a week. The movement is likely to be successful, nnd the only wonder is that the Order which has been so long established, and so successful in Victoria, should not long ago have extended its operations in this direction. I may mention by the wav that the hon. secretary to the present movement is Mr. F. A. Morgan, who, I understand, was at one time a resident of your town. He is a great enthusiast in the catiBe 01 total abstinence and will, I have no doiibt, find his efforts in this instance crowned with success. . . June 5. A pretty good idea of the way in which some branches of the public service are administered way he formed from a little incident that occurred the other day. The Minister for Works had been waited upon by a deputation from Ashfield Municipal Council, with a request for the erection of a lootbndge over^ the line at the Ashfield Railway fetation. The Minister admitted the necessity for the vork and he also stated that ordere for some ot these budges, given to officers of the department over two years ago, had not yet been ful- T , ln . this decidedly candid confession, Mr. tvkui nd i eV,<, r tl i y8aw tbatbe had made an ,h p » for ho afterwards requested the limit . r P ° r . l u F omit au ? referent to the red' t' ' '! ut ^ reporter fortunately knew his andsntJ P ? bl, ° t0 ° weU to8 "l>press the facts, 01 6 l ne unfortunate observations was duly re- *<! « Pede Rermlem principle, L l H * r. l , r conclude that if one 2 a l t,° f the . 8Crvice i8 tba * wretchedly ™ a m u'ter nf 8 f l< t 1Q T al,v * orr y P 1 0f ia ''^ ; and SO W c ? P°°l ,le that it must be that whiM, v, °" e bmu , ch alone for un example, over the deeds of grani W,tlj civil ^ foulta of the Victorian d S y na11 » "suaUy able to get his title "iven , , •" a c , nu P le of mouths of t he date of anv ,l6al C e S ? ?' in this colony one li ''Wier.i , 1l )a , rtlcuIttr department is kt C l S ^ f° l !i h Wales thun in Victoria, not affoct tho verinui t; question; the Go! to C & to maintain a sUff equal tbe work t0 1x Mr I T ? 2 Performed. Post onii 0 clerk i,lthc dS ™ General dose of SiboS 011 Monday fromthe effects of a "''JeMvS tl p S - l \ on } circumstances IV decea L place it is feared that The Sv^ co niniitted suicide. object ie Sydney ot Z a ', cricketer icketei ' 8arc „,, ln enthusiastic ntl, upon thli tCl,,l i of « the oolpniiil conjjr n «^ilatio. J, moi ' n , i "« a tu 'egmiu of Or Au' \L» A-ocSn l 11 '?,? President ot' the tUe in» "'l -lian Eleven aWii nir j to , SVplanoK^ . People are begin- £ ^'fibialetbojlj?. 1 'K jinlcs, where with lbe ^''How to thS m^ f our «°l<>Pial knights of f a " d doings I ® n ? Uve "»•. There will.be back. " gs 1 Promise you wjien they fioma I lian team with Yorkshire. This shows thatHoran j was stop scorer with 31 to his credit. Garret r scored '— 26, "C• UBannerman. , . .V" 1 " 1111 "'? zo 25, > A. uannerman Bannerma! 17 (hot oqit), and Allen II. ,, (not J. . out). m The fielding w and bowling 0fthe Australian team were of a very high order. Spoflbrth especially distinguished himself, and was credited with nine Wickpts. Former telegrams stated that this match was won by the Australian cricketers by ••«* wickets. The Yorkshire scores were « ^ r v - ^ T b W> 72 ; eocond do., 7d. The Australian Eleven—first innings, 118 the balance of 38 required to win being miide up by the 1ob3 of four wickets. These figures show tbat the players above named Bcored at least 110 or the 186 runs obtained by our team, and possibly wore, as these scores may not include the runs obtained by them in both innings—if thev played m both, as is very probable. 