ROYAL PRINCESS THEATRE. HAMLET. There is none other of Shakspeare's sublime productions, the details of which hare become so familiar to us, until they may be classed as " household words," as Hamlet. There is so much food for reflection, so much philosophy, ami yet so true a reflection of human nature in the mirror which is held up, that the reading and theatre-going public read and see, not only to while away an hour, but to make the conception of the immortal hard a study. It is to be wondered at, therefore, that the .Royal Princess Theatre presented so poor an appearance last evening, when this play was produced upon the occasion of Mr. G. DarreU's benefit. There was an average pit, stalls, and gallery, but the dress-circle presented a " beggarly account of empty benches" which cannot but have the effect of preventing theatrical managers from occupying the boards "of our only temple of Thespis. It is to be deplored that such artiste* as Mr. and Mrs. Darrell should meet with so small an amount of patronage. An excellent repertoire has been submitted to the public ; aud no complaints have or can ue made as to the changes that have been taking place in the programme of the season, but notwithstanding the efforts of the management the public have not accorded their patronage as should have been the casa. Those who were present last evening witnessed as excellent a representation of the principal characters of "Hamlet" as has been submitted to a Sandhurst audience; aud whilst the minor characters were not so good as could perhaps be desired, these dramatis persona: so delineated the characters they represented that they did not detract from the success of their superiors. Mr. Darrell's representation of the " melancholy Dane," was full of rigor and effect. His madness was that in which "method" was plainly to be seen, and throughout the whole of his performance he convinced his hearers that the legitimate drama has been a constant aud successful study. True to nature and to the text of the author, he rendered the minor scenes as effective as could be desired; whilst in thu many beautiful soliloquict, and more especially that on the im mortality of the soul, his rendition, both from an elocutionary and histrionic point of view, left nothing to be desired on the part of his hearers. In one scene only was there any cause for com plaint; and it occurred just at a stage where-hia advice to the actors and his own acting pre sented a paradoxical contrast. His excellent knowledge of stage management resulted in some of the scenes being characterised by new situations, which, although they may by some be considered innovations upon orthodoxy, are nevertheless most pleasing and effec tive. Mrs. Darrell sustained the role of tho Queen, and as may be surmised was per fect. In the closet scene she excelled herself. Shakespeare's conception of the character must have been thoroughly illustrated to the audi ence by this artiste, whose pathos and unction so absorbed the attention of her hearers that at the close of the clo3et scene more particularly they appeared spell bound. Both Mr. and Mrs. Darrell were called before the curtain at the close of the acta, and they well merited the recognition of such appreciation. Mr. Vincent ' sustained the dual characters of the Ghost and Laertes, and as the former, we must confess that seldom have we seen the character represented so well. The voluble aud kindhearted, yet prying Polonius, found an ex cellent exponent in Mr. Stuart O'Brien. Mis3 Marion Medway undertook the roh of Ophelia, with fair success; bnt the Horatio of Mr. Reynolds, aud the King of Mr. Sefton were mediocre performances. The other characters were passably sustained. During the evening, both prior to the opening of tho doors, and during the performance, Northcott's band rendered their services to the satisfaction of the public; and Mr. Darrell tenders his thanks for their kindness in so doing. This evening Mr. Darrell's dramatic version of Wilkie Collins' "Man and Wife," will be produced by special request; aud this will bring the dramatic season to a close. Ou Wed nesday night Mesns. Allison and Darrell's opera bouffe and burlesque company will open for a season, in PJatiche's great extravaganza o£ " Forfcunatus", which ia to be produced with great splendour. 