"'"« FOR PERCFVAL." CHAPTER X. | rS LANGLEY "WOOD. | At Brackenhill tbev invariably dined at 6 .j o'clock, nor was the meal a lengthy one. Mr. , Thome drank little wine, and Horace was j gi.'uer.illy only too happy to escape to the . lira wing-room at the earliest opportunity. ! l'ercival could very well dice at hom", ami .' yet be true to his rendezvous in Laiigley j Wood. j As the time drew near he became thoughtful, and, to tell the truth, a little out of temper. H e liked his dinner, and Addie. Blake interfered with his quiet enjoyment of " it. ' He would have choseu to lie on the sofaiv 1 Ji<' cool, qu.iint, rosescented drawing-room, get Sissy to sing to him. Instead of which, lie must tramp three miles along a dusty white ro:ul that July evening to meet a girl he didn't particularly wanr, to see, and to hear a secret which he didn't much want to know, and which he distinctly didn't want to be bound to keep. Decidedly a bote ! It was only twenty minutes past 7 when they joined the ladies. Sissy represented the latter "force, Aunt Middleton having gone to lie down in the hope of being better later iu the evening. Mr. Tliorne fidgeted about the room for a minute, and then went off to the library, whereupon Horace stretched himself with a sigh of relief. " Come out, Sissy, and have a turn in the garden." "But, Pereival," she hesitated, "what are you going to do ?" , . " Don's think about me, I must go out tor a little while." He left them on the terrace, and started on his mysterious errand. As he let himself out into the road, by a little side gate of which he had pocketed the key, it was fiveand-twenty minutes to eight. He had abundance of time. It was not three miles to the white gate into Langley "Wood, a little more than three miles to the milestone beyond which he was on no account to go, and he had almost an hour to do it in. Nevertheless, he started on his walk like a man in haste. The great Ford borough Agricultural Show lasted two days, and on the second the price of admission was considerably reduced. It liad occurred to Pereival that the roads in every direction would probably be crowded with people making their way home—people who would have had more beer than was good for them. Addie would never think of such a possibility. It was true that the road from Fordborough which led past Brackenhill would be quieter than any other, but young Thorne was seriously uneasy as he strode along. It was also true that he met hardly any one as he went, but even that failed to reassure him. " A little too early for them to have come so far, I suppose," was his comment to himself; " at any rate he shall not wait for me;' He passed the white gate, having encountered only a few stragglers, but before he reached the milestone he saw Addie Blake coming along the road to meet him. * She was flushed, eager, excited, and looked even liaudsomer than usual. Pereival would never fall in love with Addie. That was very certain; but the certainty did not prevent a quick thrill of admiration which tingled through his blood, as she advanced in her ripe dark beauty to meet him. By it, as by a charm, the service which had been almost a weariness was transmuted to a happy privilege, and the halfreluctant squire became willing aud devoted. " You are more than punctual," was his greeting. She smiled as she held out her hand. " I may say the same of you." " I was anxious," he confessed. " The roads are not likely to be very quiet to- day. And after sunset " "Yes," said Addie. "No doubt it seems strange to you that I should choose this day and this time " " I hardly know what I should have done if I bad seen nothing of you when I reached the milestone," he went on, interrupting her. His curiosity was awakened now that he was so close to Annie's little mystery, but he was ansious that she should not feel bound to tell him anything she would rather keep to herself, very anxious that she should understand that he would not pry into her secrets. «If you had gone much further you would have missed me," she said. " Which way did you come ?" " I did not come straight from home. Do you see that little red house ? I am drinking tea there, and spending a quiet eveniug." "How very pleasant!" said Pereival. "And •who has the privilege of entertaining you ?" " Mrs. Wardlaw. She is the widow of an officer—quite young. She is a friend of mine; she lives with an invalid aunt, an old Mrs, Watson." " And what does Mrs. Wardlaw think of your taking a little stroll by yourself in the evening ?" " Mrs. Wardlaw asked me there on purpose. Yesterday I saw her at the show, and gave her a little note as we shook hands. This morning came an invitation to me to go and drink tea there. I told mamma and Lottie I should gopapa is out—so one of the servants walked there with me at half-past six, and will call for me again at ten or a little after." " Very ingeniously managed," said Pereival. And the invalid aunt ?" " Went up to her room and left Mary and me to our devices," smiled Addie. " A delightful old lady—ah, here is the wood." " We shall probably have this part of our walk to ourselves," Pereival remarked, as he swung the gate open. "People going home from the show are not likely to stop to take a turn in Langley Wood." The sound of a rattling cart, and shouts of discordant laughter, mixed with what was intended for a song, came along the road they had just quitted. Addie took a few hurried steps along the path which curved enough to hide her from observation in a moment. Safe behind a screen of leaves, she paused. "What horrible people! Is that a sample of what I may expect as I go back?" " I fear so," said Pereival. " I shall see you safe to Mrs. Wardlaw's door." " You shall see me safe, if you have good eyes," she answered the door with me. "Ah!" he said, half-trusted?" Addie smiled. ' But you will not go to " Mrs. Wardlaw is only What people don't know they can't let out, can they ?" " Pray understand that you are quite at liberty to apply that very wise—mark me, that very wise—discovery of yours to my case," said Thome, looking straight at her. " You talked about good eyes just now. Mine are good or bad as it suits me." At any rate they were earnest as they met hers. " Don't shut them on my account," said A ddie. " No, Pereival; you are not like Mrs. Wardlaw. I mean to tell you all about it." But for a moment she did not speak. They were fairly in the wood; the trees were arching high above their heads ; their steps were noiseless on the turf below; outside were warmth and daylight still, but here the shadows and the coolness of the night. A leathern-winged bat flitted across their path through the gathering dusk. "They always look like ghosts," said Addie. " Doesn't it seem, Pereival, as if the night had come upon us unawares ?" As she spoke they reached a litlle open space. The path forked right and left. " Which way ?" said Thorne. I don't know, I'm sure. There's a cottage on the further side of the wood, towards the river " Is that your destination ? To the right, then." And to the right they went. " When you promised to help me," Addie began, "do you remember what you said?_ I was to consider you as " She paused, fixing her questioning eyes on him. " As a brother. What then.? Have I failed in my duty already ?" She shook her head, smiling. "Pereival, what do you think that means to me ?" " Ah, that's a difficult question. Of course we, who have no brothers, can ouly imagine, we cannot know. But I have sometimes fancied that the idea we attach to the word brother is higher because no common-place reality has ever stepped in to spoil it. F«r it is an evident fact that some people have brothers who are prosaic, ^nd even disagreeable, while all the noble bro- h y a s ! thers of history and romance are ours. "We may take Lord Tresham for onr ideal (you remember Tresham in 4 A Blot in the 'Scutcheon ?') and declare with him :— I tbink, am sure, a brother's love exceeds All the world's love in it's unworldliness." " Stop !" said Addie. " You are going into the question much too enthusiastically aud much too poetically. I don't know anything about your Tresham. And you mustn't class me with yourself. 'Ve who have no brothers'— I have oue Pereival!" " A brother ? You have one ? Why, I always fancied " " Well—a half-brother." Addie made this I concession to strict truth with something of i reluctance in her tone, as if she did not like to own that her brother could possibly have been any nearer than he was. " It is my brother I am going to meet to-night." Pereival, fluent on the subject of brothers in general, was so astonished at the idea of this particular brother or half- brother, that he said —" Oh!" " Papa married twice," Addie explained; " the first time when he was very young. I don't think his first wife was quite a lady," she said, lowering her voice, as if the beeches might be fiven to gossiping. Pereival would not have been happy as a dweller in the Palace of Truth. He thought " Then Mr. Blake's two wives were alike in one respect." " And though Oliver was a dear boy," she went on, " he hasn't been very steady. He has had a good deal of money at one time or another, and wasted it, and he and mamma don't get on at all." " Ah—I dare say not." " Naturally she thinks more about Lottie and me ; and Oliver has been very tiresome. He was to be in the business with papa, but he didn't do anything, and he got terribly into debt, and then ran away aud existed. Papa bought him off, and found him something else to do; but mamma was dreadfully vexed—she said it was a disgrace to the family." " Did he do better after that ?" " Not much," Addie owned. " In fact, I think he has spent most of his time since then in rauiiing away and enlisting. I really believe he has been in a dozen regiments. We were always having to write to him, * Private Oliver Blake, Number so and so, C company, such a regiment.' It didn't look well at all." (Addie, as she spoke,^remembered liow her mother used to sneer, ~ No doubt some _ day you'il meet your brother in a red jacket, with a little cane, his cap very much on one side, and a tail of nursemaids wheeling their perambulators after him." Such remarks had been painful to Addie, but even then she had felt that Mrs. Blake had cause to complain.) " He was always bought off, I suppose ?" said Pereival. Once papa declared he wouldn't. Oliver went on very quietly for a 'ittle while, and was to be a corporal. Then he wrote and said he was going to desert that day week, and he was afraid it might be very awkward for him afterwards, especially if he ever enlisted again, but he would take his chance sooner than stop. Papa knew he would do it, so he had to buy him off again." • " But is this going on for ever?" " No; for the last three years Oliver has been in dreadful disgrace, I don't exactly know why, and we were not allowed to mention his name at home. But I don't care," said Addie impetuously ; " if he were ever so foolish, and if he had enlisted in every regiment under the sun— he's my brother!" " And Lottie ? Does she stand by him as valiantly ?" " Oliver is nothing to Lottie; he never was. He is nine years older than she is, and when she would really begin to remember him lie and mamma were always quarrelling. Besides he always petted me—not Lottie. And now she despises him because he doesn't stick to anything and get on. No—poor old Noll is my brother, only mine. No one else cares for him —except papa." " Mr. Blake hasn't given him up then ?" " Ob, he is angry with Oliver when they are apart, but he always forgives bim when they meet. He was really angry this last time, but Oliver wrote to him, and they made it up. Only my poor old Noll is to be sent over the 6ea to Canada with a man papa knows something of." " And this is good-bye ? But surely they can't mind your meeting him before he goes ?" They do," said Addie. " Papa and mamma saw him in London ten days ago, and he was only forgiven on condition that he went away quietly, and said nothing to any one. As if he wasn't sure to tell me! Mamma knows how it has been before; she thinks if papa or I saw him alone he might get round us, and then he wouldn't go. If he's steady, and does well there, he is to come and see us all in two years." " That isn't very long, is it?" said Pereival, cheerfully. It was evident to him that this black sheep would be much better away. Long! Oh, no! Only you see Oliver leorC do well unless there's something very converting in Canadian air. So I may as well say good-bye to him; mayn't I ? Mind, Pereival, you are not to think he's wicked. He won't do anything dreadful. He'll spend all the money e can get, and then drift away somewhere." " A sort of Prodigal Son," Thorne suggested. h " Yes. You won't understand him—how should t ou ? You are always wise and well-behaved, hwalhnm nd a credit to everyone, more like the son who tayed at home." " Not an attractive character," was his reply. And he remembered Horace a few hours before. " Not to-day, old fellow, you lecture me, you know." H6 was startled. " Good heavens!" he thought. " Am I a prig ?" Addie laughed. " Well, I am trusting to you to understand me at any rate. Just like Oliver," she went on, " he came once, years ago, to stay with old Miss Hayward, who left us the house, and he knew something then of the man at this cottage, so he tells me to meet him there, without ever thinking how I should get to the place by myself at nine at night—Hush! what's that? Oh,Noll! Noll!" A man's voice was heard at a little distance singing, and she darted forward, her eyes alight with joy. Pereival followed, slackening his pace, and listening to Mr. Oliver Blake's rendering of " Champagne Charlie is my name." It ceased abruptly. He doubted what to do, took a step or two mechanically, and came suddenly out on the open space at the further side of the wood, where was the cottage in question Addie had run forward and forgotten him. He strolled with elaborate unconsciousness to some palings near by, turning his back on Addie and her brother, rested his folded arms there, and gazed at the placid landscape. Below ran the little stream by which he bad loitered in the morning, hurrying now in a straighter course, like an idle messenger who finds that time has fled much faster than he thought. The river mist hung white above the level meadows, and it seemed to Pereival as if Nature, falling asleep, had glided into a pallid and melancholy dream. The last gleams of day were blending with a misty flood of moonlight, beneath which the world lay dwarfed and dark. On the horizon a little black windmill, with motionless sails, stood high against the sky, looking like a toy, as if a child had set it there and gone to bed. To Pereival, as he stood, came the sound, though not the words, of a rapid flow of talk, broken by a short often-recurring laugh. But at last there was a pause, and the two came towards him. He turned to meet them, and saw in the moonlight that Oliver Blake was big and broad-shouldered, with black hair, curling I thickly under a jaunty cap, and bright restless eyes. Addie had her arm drawn fondly through her brother's. "Oliver," she said, '-this is Pereival; you have heard me speak of him." Oliver bent his head in a blunt constrained way, and looked doubtfully at the other. Pereival, who was going to extend his hand, withheld it, and made a stately little bow in return. " That's very magnificent," said Addie to him. " Why, Noll," she laughed, " you needn't be so cautious. Pereival knows. He is to feetrusted." "Ah?" said Oliver. "What does that feel like now ?" " What does what feel like said ^Thorne, as they shook hands. " Being trusted, do you mean?" " Ay. Being trusted, or being to be trusted. I don't know either sensation myself.' " Not likely, dear boy," said Addie, " with your way of going on. And yet Mr. Osborne must have trusted you, or how did you get the money and get away ? You weren't to have any till you sailed—were vou ?" " Would you like to know ?" said Oliver, his dark eyes twinkling. " I tried to persuade him —no good. Then I told him a—don't be horrified—it was a very fine specimen of fiction ' " Oliver!" " Which is no doubt set down to the governor's account." " Did he believe you?" " Well, he didn't know what to do. I don t think he would have, only—if it wasn't t rue ~ it was so stupendous, you see. He hesitated, and that made him relax his watchfulness a little. So I gave him the slip, and pawned part of my outfit, which we bought together the day before." " You bad boy!" " I left him a bit of a note. I told him that if he held his tongue, I would surely be there again to-morrow, we'd get the things, and no one would be any the wiser. But if he made a row, he might whistle for me, and catch me if he could." " And you don't know the effect of that, I suppose?" said Pereival. Well, no. I read it over when I'd done, to try and judge it impartially. And I made up my mind—considering the character he'd had of me—that if I were Osborne I should say that Blake meant to back out of his bargain, with all he could lay his hands on, and was trying to secure two days' start. What do you think I did, Addie?" " Something silly, I've no doubt." " Well," he said, " looking at her with an admiring gaze, which partly explained to Pereival the secret of her fondness for her brother. " I thought it was rather clever. I just popped in the letter I had from you and your photograph, and if that doesn't convince him, I give him up!" "Oh, Noll! How could vou? What is he like?" " Blake burst out laughing. " Listen to her! A man has got her photograph—he instantly becomes an interesting object. Oh! he isn't a bad-looking fellow, Addie. I dare say he's glaring at you now through his spectacles." "Spectacles! Oliver, you've no business to go giving my photograph to all sorts of people. And I hate him, too, because if it hadn't been for him, perhaps you wouldn't have been going away to Canada." "What then?" said he, philosophically. " Your mother would have had a dear friend on the noint of starting for the Cannibal Islands." Pereival began to feel a little anxious about time, and to wonder when the real leave-taking was to commence. He looked at his watch after the manner of a stage aside, and Addie took the hint. Five minutes later she came towards him with bent head and averted eyes. " I'm ready, Pereival." But they had not gone a dozen steps when she sobbed, " Oh, my poor Noll!" and rushed back. As young Thorne looked after her, he heard the quick spurt of a match. Oliver had turned on his heel already, and was lighting his cigar. " Heartless bruteV said Pereival. The verdict was unjust. Oliver had taken infinite pains to secure this glimpse of his sister ; but since it was over, it was over. He loved her and she knew it, but he was not the man to stand sentimentally staring at Addie's back as she disappeared into the shadows of Langley Wood. Now Pereival could not. have failed in such a matter, though be might have thought no more about it than did Oliver Blake. When he and Addie were once more on their way, he occupied himself solely with the slight difficulties of her path, but before they had gone half-way she was making an effort to talk in her usual style, and succeeding fairly well. They were just at the place where the paths branched off, and Pereival was stooping to disentangle her dress, which was caught on a bramble. As he raised himself he heard an approaching step, and quick as thought he laid his hand on Addie's arm. A couple of yards further and they would be in the one path, and must meet the new comer. Standing where they were, it was an even chance; he might pass them, or might go the other way. Addie stood breathless, and Percival's heart gave a quick throb, more for Addie's sake than his own. But, after all. it might be no one wjio knew them, and in that dim light The moon glided with startling swiftnesB from behind a fleecy cloud, and shone on their white faces. The man, passing close by, started and stepped back, recovered himself with a muttered ejaculation, and said :— " Fine evening, Mr. Thorne," as he passed. " Very," Pereival replied. " Good night." The other returned a " Good night. Sir," and disappeared in the twilight. He knew you," said Addie. She looked frightened. Her parting from Oliver had un nerved her; difficulties which she had made light of in the happiness of anticipation seemed more t formidable now. Standing there in the white moonlight and dim shadows of the wood, she suddenly realized the strange and doubtful aspect her expedition with Pereival Thorne must wear to ordinary eyes. Nor was her companion likely to reassure her. An air of sombre resolution was more in his line than the light- earted confidence which would have treated he whole affair as a trifle. He was, as Addie erself had called him, "well behaved." She ould, have trusted him to the death, only just t that moment a little touch of happy reckessness would have been a greater comfort to er than his anxious loyalty. But Pereival could ever be reckless; deliberately indifferent he ight be, but reckless—never. " He knew you," said Addie, as they resumed their walk. " Yes; but he would not know yoif. It does not signify much." was Percival's reply. " But he does know me." " Impossible! Oh, you mean he knows your name." She nodded. " He often passes our house, Always on Thursday when a lot of people go by —isn't it a market somewhere ?" " Brookley market. Oh, yes; he would go there, no doubt." " Once or twice I have been walking on the road aud he has driven past; I know his face quite well, and I'm sure—I should think—he knows mine." " Very likely he may not have recognised you in this half-light," said Pereival. She shivered. " He did. I felt him look right through me." " Well, suppose he did. After all, there is no reason why we should not take a walk together on a summer evening if we like—is there Where is he going?" said Addie. "To the cottage?" Oh dear no! There are endless paths in the wood. He will turn off still more to the right; he cuts off a corner so going from Fordborough to, his home." Who and what is he?" was Miss Blake's next question as they emerged into the road. " Silas Fielding. He farms a little bit of old Garnett's land, and I rather think he rents an outlying field or two of my grandfather's. A horsey sort of fellow. I am not particularly fond of Mr. Silas Fielding," said Pereival, and they walked a little way in silence. " Yon mustn't come any further," said Addie. " Pereival, I don't know how to thank you." " Don't do it, then. I see no occasion." " Bui I see occasion—very great occasion." " Then we will consider it done," said Pereival. Mrs. Wardlaw's house was very near. " I'm not late, am I ?" said Addie. He looked at his watch. " A little more than a quarter to ten; very good time. I shall watch you along this last little bit of road, and see you let in. Good night." " Good night." She went quickly away, and he waited as he had promised. She looked back at him once, and saw him stand, dark and motionless, like a bronze statue. She reached the garden gate, and just as a farmer's gig, with one man in it, dashed past, she ran up the little flight of steps, knocked, and was instantly admitted, as if Mrs. Wardlaw stood inside with her hand on the latch. Pereival, seeing this, turned to begin his homeward walk, but as the gig rattled up to him its speed was slackened. " Mr. Thorne! Isn't it Mr. Pereival Thorne ?" It was the young artist driving back to the farm in Mr. Collins's old gig, and inducing Air. Collins's old horse to go at a headlong pace. " I thought it was you standing in the moonlight," he said. " Can't I give you a lift Pereival accepted, and they started off, if possible, more vehemently than before. " I mast look sharp," explained the young man, whose name was Alf, " or I shall be late at the farm." " You have only just come from Fordborough ?" said Pereival. " No. I put up the horse and stayed later than I meant. I'd no idea th.it dull little hole of a town could wake ujj so. Why, it is Happing with flags from one end to the other. I ;: ; never saw such a lot of tramps and drunken men in my life." j " Charming idea you have of waking up." j " And brass bands—and gipsies," the other ! went on. " When I wanted to come away the ostler was drunk, and couldn't find the horse, and I couldn't find the gig—that is, I could find a score all exactly like this one, but as to knowing which of all the gigs iu the yard belonged to old Collins—I couldn't have told to save my life." You got it at last, I suppose ?" said Thorne. The other was cautious. " Well I got this. The man put the horse in somehow, and then, he was so far gone, be began to talk to himself and undo the harness again. I believe he thought he'd put in a pair by mistake, and was trying to take one out. However, I stopped that, and got away after a fashion." " They are early birds at the farm, no doubt." " Early ? Bather! At half past nine old Collins creaks upstairs, and Mrs. Collins goes into the kitchen, and rakes out the ciuders for fear of fire. I was out late one nigl.t last week, and she couldn't wake the old man up to let me in. It was twenty minutes to eleven!" " Did she come herself ?" said Pereival. " I know Mrs. Collins by daylight; but I can't imagine Mrs. Collins aroused from her first sleep." "' Where ignorance is bliss.' The dear old lady kept me on the door- step for ten minutes or so, while she was trying to make up h :r mind whether she would keep her night-cap on, or whether she would take it off aud put on the light-brown front she ordinarily wears. At last she made up her mind to retain the nightcap, and add the front tiy way of a finijli. But I have it on her own authority that she was flurried, and all of a shake, so 6he didn't carry out her idea skilfully. The cap was half off, and the front was only half on. I saw her forehead getting lower and lower as she spoke to me." " Could she ever forgive you for seeing her so ?" " Oh, yes. I'm rather a favourite I think. She beamed on me just the same the next morning." She did?" said Thorne. "A wonderful woman!" I think I shall ask her for a lock of her chesnut hair to-morrow, before I go, to show that my faith in it is—well, as implicit as ever. Ah! by the way, I got my letter. I thought most likely I should. I leave the first thing iu the morning." Sorry to hear it," said Pereival. But it occurred to him that the artist's departure would prevent any talk the next day of the circumstances of their meeting that evening. He jumped down, with hasty thanks to his new friend, when they came to the little gate. "You'll be in a ditch if you don't look out!" he called after him. " All right!" was shouted back, and old Collins's gig vanished into the outer darkness, with the young artist, whom Pereival Thorne has never chanced to meet again to this day. He let himself in with his key, and hurried up to the house. The door, which opened on the terrace, was unfastened as usual. The lights were burning in the drawing-room, but no one was there, aud the bright vacant room had a strange ghostly aspect, a little island of mellow radiance in the vast silence and darkness of the night. He felt like one in a dream, and stood idly thinking of the young painter rattling in old Collins's gig to Willow Farm; of Silas Fielding striding across the meadows, with thoughts intent on his bargains; of Oliver Blake turning in with a yawn when his cigar was done; of Addie forcing back her unshed tears, and hiding deep in her heart the wellspring of her tenderness for her poor Noll. He had not done justice to Addie Blake. Something of the feeling of underlying beauty, unsought or ignored, which he gained from his artist friend's talk in the morning, had come to him in a slightly altered form with Addie that evening. With Alf it was the every day world which revealed new beauty; with Addie it was shown in what Pereival had taken for a prosaic and common-place character. He found himself wondering whether he might not have failed to do justice to others besides Addie. He had looked far away for his ideal, and had found a fair faint dream, when it might be that the reality was close at hand. Since the wayside had blossomed with unexpected loveliness, what grace, and charm, and hidden treasure might be his prize, who should win his way into the fenced garden of Sissy's sweet soul! He started from his reverie, and was surprised to find that it had lasted only two or three minutes; it seemed to him as if he had been dreaming a long while in that bright loneliness. He walked to the window, with " Where can they all be?" on his lips. As for an answer to ! his question, standing at the far end of the terrace was Sissy. As he hurried through the hall to join her, the library door opened an inch or two. and a voice enquired, " Who is that?" " It is I—Pereival," he answered in haste. At the word ." Pereival" the door opened wider, and Mr. Thorne looked out. Oh! where is Sissy ?" " On the terrace." " And Horace ?" " I don't know," still chafing to be gone. " Sissy ought to come in. It's a quarter past ten." He looked up at the great hall clock. " Yes; a quarter past ten, and she will be catching cold." " I'll tell her." " Did you come in for a shawl for her ? Take her one—anything." " I will," and Pereival made a dash at the row of pegs, and caught down the first thing which looked moderately like a cloak. Then he escaped. Sissy was coming to the house, but so leisurely that the journey was likely to take her a considerable time. " At last," she said, as he came up to her. "Why, which way—oh, it's you, Pereival!" " You thought I was Horace," he said, as he put the cloak round her. " Yes, for the moment I did. What are you muffling me up like this for " Orders," said Pereival. " My grandfather said you were to come in, aud that I was to bring you a shawl." " What is the good of this thing if I'm to go in?" " Very sensibly put. Evidently no good at all. So we will turn round, and go to the end of the terrace and back, unless you are tired." She was not tired. " And you took me for Horace ? I always said we were alike." " You are not a bit alike." " Oil, no! Of course not." " Don't be absurd," said Sissy. Anybody's like anybody if it's pitch dark, aud they don't " I rather suspect Horace aud I might be alike if it were a half-light, and if we did speak," said Pereival. "Kemember the photograph. But where is Horace all this time ? What have you been doing with yourself ?" " He's somewhere about," said Sissy. " First of all we had a little croquet. Then it got too dark to play, so I wont to see after Aunt Harriet. Her head was worse; so she said she would go to bed." " Poor old lady ! Best tiling she could do. She'll be better to-morrow, I hope." Then Horace, aud I thought we would go and look up his old nurse. She has been teasing c ever so long, wanting to see ' Master Horace,' and its only across a couple of fields. But she wasn't at home, and the cottage was shut up." " Gone to Fordborough for the day, most likely." " I dare say. She has a niece there. Then we came back, and Horace didn't much want to go in because of this afternoon, you know, so we stayed iu the long walk, and he smoked and we listened to the nightingales. Very delightful," said Pereival. " The long ' walk and the nightingales, I mean." " And then there was a little pinkish light in the sky, and he thought there was a fire somewhere. So he went into the park to : get a better view, and after I had waited for him a little while, I came up here and met you." ! A quick step was heard on the gravel behind them. ; " Oh, here you are!" said Horace. " The fire ' doesn't seem to be anything, Sissy, after all. The light got fainter and fainter, and it's all gone now." < : Where did you think it was ?" Pereival enquired. "Well, I thought from the direction that it must be at old Garnett's Upland Farm, but it can't have been much. So you have got back ?" " Yes. Hadn't we better go in ? You must mind what yoa are about Horace, though it is warm. That cough of yours " " Stuff and nonsense about my cough." But he turned to go in nevertheless. " By the way." said Pereival, as he walked between them. " You've been out all the evening—does any one know I've been away ?" " No," said Sissy. " Why; don't you want "I would rather they didn't," he replied. (The stars in their courses seemed to fight for Addie and her secret, had it not been for that untoward meeting with Silas Fielding.) Horace wore a knowing expression. He was rather pleased that his lecturer should be compelled to seek a pledge of secrecy from him. It made him feel more on a level with the wellconducted and independent Pereival. " All right," he said. " You may trust me," in a softly earnest voice on the other side. " Thank you both," said Pereival, but his eyes thanked Sissy. " What have you been after ?" asked Horace; " I thought most likely you were off to the friend you met this morning." The astonishing way in which circumstances conspired to aid in guarding the mystery! " I have been with him!" said Pereival. (We value the opinion of others too much very often for our own peace. Queer, unsubstantial things those opinions often are. "I have been with him." Sissy felt a little glow of kindliness towards the unknown; it might have been, " I have been with her." She was prejudiced in his favour, and sure that he was a nice fellow. Horace was ready to stake something on his conviction that he was a bad lot this fellow Percy had picked up, and that Percy knew it.) Percy was still warm with the chivalrous devotion which had been kindled in him that evening. It was reserved for the colder morning light to reveal to him that what with Lottie on the hillside and Addie in Langley Wood, he was plunging into little adventures which were hardly consistent with the character of a most prudent young man. Yet such was the character he was supposed to have undertaken to support in the world's drama. They reached the door, and Horace went in, but Sissy lingered yet a moment on the tnreshhold. " Isn't it all beautiful ?" she said, taking one more look; " if it could only last!" Pereival smiled. "Sissy, have you learnt that?" " November—bare boughs and bitter winds— I hate to think of it," she said. " I would say, * don't think of it,' but it would be no good," he replied. " When the thought of change has once occurred to you while you look at a landscape, it is a part of eveiy landscape thenceforward. But it gives a bitter charm." "Spring will come again," she said; "but death and parting, and loss—they are so dreadful. And growing old—oh, Pereival, why must they all he ?" He shrugged his shoulders. " The whole world echoes your 'Why?' Sissy, I wish I could help you, but I can't. I can only tell you that I understand what you feel. It is very terrible looking forward to age, to loss of powers, hopes, and friends. One feels sometimes as if one could not tread that long gi'ey road to the grave." Sissy shivered as if she saw it drawn out before her eyes. " But after all it may be brighter than we think," he went on after a pause. • " There is joy and beauty in change as well as bitterness. If everything in the world were fixed and unalterable, would not that be far more terrible? As it is, we have all the possibilities on our side. Who kuows what gladness may grow out of endless change?" Yet, even as he spoke, he was conscious of a wild impotent longing to snatch her—she was so delicate and sweet—from beneath the great revolving wheels of time, with a cry of— Stay as you are, and be loved for ever. But the poet's very words carry the sentence^ of doom in the memory that the blossom to which they were uttered must have perished years ago, "Sissy," he said suddenly, "surely there cannot be much suffering reserved for you! Oh, poor child, I wish I could take it all in your place!" He spoke in all earnestness, yet could he Lave looked into the future he would have seen that her suffering would not be long, but very keen, and his not to bear, but to inflict. 