MELBOURNE. (fROM OU11 OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Saturday, 28 th September. The propriety or otherwise of extending the plebiseitum to money bills has been much dis cussed during the various debates upon the Constitutional llcform Bill; but although some powerful arguments have been adduced 011 the affirmative side of that question, it may, I think, at this stage of the discussion, be taken for granted that this is a point upon which the Government will not be disposed to give way. Mr. Berry, in fact, appears to have arrived at the conclusion that it would be far better to give up the plebiseitum altogether than to ex tend its operation to matters of finance. He has on liwro than ouo occasion given dis tiucfc and emphatic expression to his views upon this point, a\ul on Wednesday evening he made the remarkable assertion that " if that provision were struck out the bill would uot bo les3 valuable." It may then be presumed that in the event of the plebiseitum. and that alone, proving an absolute obstacle to the passing of the hill, it would bo thrown over. Iu view of this contingency it is gomewhat curious to observe to what small dimensions the bill itself would ba reduced by the striking out of all reference to tho navel proposal in question. The measure as it now stands consists of twenty three clauses, seven of which have already been parsed, leaving sixteen still to be dealt with. Of these sixteen no fewer than eleven, I besides the two schedules, refer exclusively to | the plebiseitum, and to the arrangements for its operation, so that if that part of the measure were now excised only five more clauses would remain for discussion. The dispute between the Harbor Trust and Messrs. Wright and Orr. concerning the dock on the south bank of the Yarra, has not, as far as I can learn, developed any further sensational circumstances to-day, nor are there, on the other hand, any immediate signs of an amicable arrangement. The Trust insists on its legal right and power to take possession of the dock at once, and intimates its intention of doing so vi it armis, if necossary. Messrs. Wright and Orr, on the other hand, contest the rights claimed by the Trust, and seem prepared to fight the battle ont iu the law courts to the cud. The whole question of the rights of the lease holders of the ground on the south bank of the Yarra is a very complicated one, but it is also one that must be finally adjudicated upon before long, and the present dispute may probably prove the means of bringing about a permanent settlement. One thing is clear to the most careless observer, the construction of the dock in question should never have been permitted, projecting as it does almost into the mouth of the river where the steamer traffic is thickest, and where collisions between boats turning or rounding to their berths at tho wharf ars most frequent. Manj^ of those persons here who take an in terest in tho excursive inquiries of tho Royal Lands Commission naturally feel some littlo surprise at the delay that baa occurred iu con nection witli the case of Mr. Byron Mooro j, decision., in which was expected to have been announced sever:'.! days ago. At ihe ]at 't meeting of. the commissioners ou Thursday, the case was not even onco mentioned, although at the last previous sitting it was intimated tha1 they would be prepared to state; their opinion upon Mr. M'Leaivs charges against Mr. Moore at the next meeting. No doubt some announce mciit on the subject will he made by the ctiair" man when the commiaaionera reassembleonTiiia." day, but I may add that a rumor has got abroad to the effect that they have not"linen",vlile t0 makeup their miuds as to the merits of .tbecase and that they will therefore. postpone 'the whole matter sine die. I must confess that I ratlier fail'to see whv the proposal to form another Australian eleven to play our team upon Us" return' shufiliT'lj'n scoutcd to the extent it has bepn in sooo quarters. The writers who .are, opposed to the idea seem to assume that it will detract iroin the welcome which the eleven should receive when they get back, but I donVjthink there i3 much fear of that. , It appears 'tii' ine that it would bo a pity to' disband. .the Australian eleven just yet, if at all, and that as they will most likely be matched against the | English amateurs it would be desirable, to' give them good practice beforehand, and this coulil not be -.done better Man by pitting them against 'a first-class ele\\*en. " A ' iriatch., ajjainst' the best Australian eleven tbat.',cp«ltr'...Jj»' .g?t together would be very ;• (interesting,, as ■ ifc would show the extent to which* oar imen have been benefited by their English experience arid demonstrate beyond doubt their superiority to any other colonial eleven. "Perhaps it is ia this score that apprehension is fel6. ■: Perhaps it is feared that our eleven would, be ,beateu". _ I should like to see the eleven, that " could do it that's all. i "■. It was something such weather as tin?, I should imagine, that Thomsoiy.had in- his'eye when he wrote about tie. ethereal' mildness ui spring", fol- it has been delightful to.be'odt of doors to-day. The blo'fjk, (which is always something to see, between twelve and two on Saturday, was more attractive than usual, and the iootball grounds and other places of general resort were largely patronised later oifintha day. • •" I hear that th« ghost nuisancers agaiu preva lent in soiiie of the subdrbs,' Prahran beiii" now more especially annoyed by soiiie; cruef ami cowardly idiot, who, dresse'd in;, a; white sheet finds "amusement" which one would scarcely faucy could be congenial to even the lowest ami most malignant species of ape,' in frighten'ujn nervous persons and children in secluded spots at night. Only a few days ago, I hear, thS daughter of a respectable resident of Prahran was so frightened by this wretch that ahu has since remained completely prostrated by the nervous shock received. Perhaps a patrol, of stout Prahranites, armed with stout stiolca, anil the intention of using them freely on any pre; tended "supernatural" visitant; .would sodn "lay" the ghost most effectually. ' '' A very serious charge of a3iault with intent to do grievous bodily harm came before the City Bench this morning. The 1 prisoner, a middle-aged man named Smith Brown, and said to be a card-sharper, was brought up on warrant under the following'circumstances:— On the 5th of May last ho was drinking with another man at a publichouse in Russell-street, when a quarrel ensuing between tha two, Brown threw a tumbler at his companion. The missile missed the man for whom it was intended^ hut struck the barmaid, a girl named Ellen O'Con nor, on the head, inflicting an: ugly wound from which the blood tlowed in torrents. The girl was taken to the hospital, where her wound was attended to. She was 'afterwards treated as an om-tloor patient, aud her case was not regarded as a very dangerous one until Thursday last, when 011 Ivor visit to the hospital certain alarming symptoms were noticed that induced the medical authorities, of that institu tion to detain her as an in-door patient. Last night her condition became so critical that the police were communicated with, and Brown was arrested. The prisoner was remanded for a week at the request of senior-constable O'-Meara. This afternoon tho unfortunatq girl was so much worse that it was deemed desirable to take her depositions, and Mr. Akhurst, P.M., attended at the hospital for' that purpose, when she made a statement of the facts as above men tioned. At a late hour this afternoon aho still lay in a very critical condition. A young man named .George T. Smith was arrested this- morning„ on ; a warrant charging him with embezzling a sum of £10S, the pro psrty.:of-"the*Trades"Hall'and'Eibrary Institute, of which ho ,;was^formerly the clerk anil treasurer - The prisoner" absconded in Septem. ber'of last "year,* and; went to England. Here, turned to Hhe -'cbldiiy- by Hhe 'ship Ariatides, which reached thisiporfc 'on the loth instant, 'and; was farrested!/at^aneatly: 'hour to-day by Detective Colenvm. Y The defaulter will bo •brouglif; before'tfio.'Oi.ty; Bench' on Monday -r, The, fourth ,aud".fi'nal".'footJialL match of the 'season'" between jth'e ^Melbourne' and Carltou ,Club3 was played .on/ the ■ former's ground tiiu aft'e)ruoonj/ aad/the,re3ult was another victory for:-tho Melbourne players, who have thus been successful; in'i every.contest;.; It 16oked at first a3 if Carlton was'goinglto.have it "all their own ■ way,''for^ tliey-pla'cbd'about^a dozen bchinds to 'their .'ijredii; (in1 a; very' short'-time, and once or -twice:' appeared;' tc^'be certain of -getting the ^^U^^t^eenV^.^oll^brae, then got a goalj and ;Ga'rlfoii a'ftbr aboiil a quarter of an . hour's ..play.^did~the-samo,~ which left the gamo even at half time. Upon recommencing .Mel bourne .played" much/better, and to cut what might be aii* exciting 'narrative' short kicked two more goals before'time was called, Carltcn not having secured • another. The match thus ended in their favor by three to one. Carltou played well, but with .very bad luck. The spectators did not probably number far short of ten thousand. 