TOWN TALK. At the annual meeting of the Grant and Polwartli Coursing Club, held yesterday afternoon, Mr Arthur Hopkins was elected President, and Messrs Josiah Austin and Charles Ibbotson, Vice-presidents. A re* port of the meeting will be fonnd in another column. With regard to the late races, we may state that the Secretary of the Geelong Racing Clnb has either personally paid over, or remitted, the stakes won on Friday and Saturday last, the total amonnt for the meeting being £177S 10s. Messrs T. and A. Chirnside are the largest winners, New minster having won the Geelong Cup and received second place in the Handicap, for which they have received the stun of £430. Mr E. Edwards, owner of Waterford, the winner of the Handicap, received £355; and £1S0 were paid to Mr Herbert Power, thq owner of Bosworth, winner of theBarwon Plate. Electricity won- the Steeplechase, and Mr E. Henty received for that victory the sum of £160; whilst Mr A. Morgan pockets £1od for Young Ebor's success in the Hurdle Race. Mr C. James was for tunate, with Tom Kirk first in the Grand Stand Stakes and second in the Gold Cup, for whichhe takes £150. ForPatrician's victoryin the Stewards' Purse, Mr W. Filgate received £124; and Mr E. Drewitt, the owner of Nerissa, winner of the Maiden Plate, drew £S7. Mr Joseph Thompson, owner of Plunge, winner of the Selling Stakes, re ceived £5S ; and the sum of £40 10s was paid to Mr S. Waldock for Blazes' walk over in the Connewarre Stakes. Owners of various horses which secured second places received the sum of £30. A veiy handsome case of fancy and plain hoots, for competition at the Australian Juvenile Industrial Exhibition, to be held at Ballarat, has been prepared by four ap prentices engaged at Messrs Strong and Pierce's hoot factory in Moorahool-street. The case contains six pairs of boots and four pairs of shoes, for ladies, gentlemen, and children's wear, the exhibits coming under three classes for competition. The manufac tures are worth noticing, because of the su perior workmanship and the novelty of sdme of the boots. The latest stjdes have been adopted, the designs being all the work of the apprentices, who have utilised their spare time in making and completing the exhibits. Patent and Levant leather, glove kid, andprunello are the materials used in the manufacture of the boots and shoes, and the ornamental work is such that these ex hibits are bound to attract the attention of all visitors to the exhibition. The ap prentices who are the exhibitors of the case in question are—John Richardson, clicker and fitter; Miss Alice Irwin, machinist; Edward Orough, hottomer; and Edward Jacobs, finisher. The collection is enclosed in a glass case, the woodwork frame being of polished kauri pine, and altogether the ex hibit is a neat little affair, which will do credit to the establishment of Messrs Strong and Pierce. About 600 excursionists arrived from Bal larat yesterday morning by special train of twelve carriages. The trip was got up by the St. John's Presbyterian school, Peel street, but did not take the usual form of = picnic, as the individual excursionists ha to provide their own eatables. The streel of the town were patrolled all day b the visitors, and the baths were we patronised. The rotunda in the Eastern Par was thrown open to them, but was hard] used. The weather was fine, and the Ba larat folk appeared to thoroughly en jo themselves. The information bronght to town o Wednesday evening respecting the sudde death near the Wallington was erroneou! It was Mr S. P. Ream's father-in-law, M Robert White, who died suddenly on Tuei day. The enquiry held by the magistrat showed that death arose from natural causes the deceased being S4 years of age. A meeting of those interested in th holding of the annual regatta on the Barwo: was held at the Victoria Hotel last evening It was decided to hold the regatta on Tues day, 2nd April, and the office-bearers an Committee were appointed as follow Judges—Sir Charles Sladen, and Messr S. V. Buckland and J. B. Wilson Starters and Empires — Messrs J. F Strachan and Dr. T. C. Hope. Treasure !—Mr E. H. Lascelles. Secretary—Mr D Strachan. Committee—Messrs J. J. Buck laud, R. Bayley, R. B. Ckater, A. Douglass P. Dwyer, J. R. Hopkins, E. Nicholls, C E. Norman, C. K. Pearson, C. Shannon, J M. Simson, H. M. Strachan, J. Sommers G. Upward, M. Conran, and Colonel Con ran. Arrangements were made for a sya tematic canvass of the town for subscrip tions, and, after some routine business ha< been transacted, the proceedings termi nated. A'strong easterly gale has been blowinj on the coast for several-days, and vessel which left for Sydney and Newcastle oi Friday and Saturday last, have no doub experienced the foil force of the heavy wea ther. Otir telegram from Queenacliffe, yes terday evening, states that the barque Queen Emma, trading between Geelong and Newcastle, left for the latter port on Satur day, but owing to the severity of the gale outside, she was compelled to return to Port Phillip Heads yesterday afternoon, where she anchored, awaitiug better weather. A woman named Mary Elizabeth Han spunn, residing at Spring Creek, met with an accident on Wednesday. She was get ting into a wagon, when the horse attached to it moved on, the consequence being that Bhe fell heavily, and sustained a fracture of the collar bone. She was attended to at the Hospital. Those enterprising showmen, Messrs Cooner and Bailey, the owners of the great menagerie, went to some expense m erecting a gigantic hoarding in the Market- square, fronting Malop-street, and covered it with ■brilliant and exciting pictures of the animals to be exhibited and the performances to be witnessed at the circus. The heavy rains of Monday and Tuesday proTed too much for the paste which held the paper pictures, and the latter peeled off in sheets, the only cut which adhered being the representation of the rhinoceros, which animal docs not ap pear to have been affected by the copious fall of water. An-employ6 at Thorburn's Carriage Fac tory met with a painful accident yesterday. He struck his finger heavily with a large hammer, crashing it very much. He at tended at the Hospital, where the wounded digit was dressed. A little damage was done the other day at the Corio Shire Hotel, kept by Mr Dunn, a farmer at Cowie's Creek. A well-known resident of the locality named called at the Hotel for a drink, and on the liquor being refused him, from some canse, he at onee commenced a raid on the bar, smashing a large number of bottles of whisky, wine, etc. The affair is likely to he heard of in the Police Court in a few days. The Chief Secretary has received a tele gram from Sydney stating that the New South Wales Government cannot spare a single mile of submarine cable for the use of this Government. The Chief Secretary ap plied for about seven miles of this material for the purpose of (perfecting the torpedo system of defence designed by Sir William Jervois. A, child named Charlotte Johnson met with an accident yesterday in a peculiar manner. Its mother canght hold of it by the arm rather roughly, which caused a sprain of the shoulder. The medical staff at the Hospital paid every attention to the little sufferer. Mr Panton has been appointed Warden of the Dunolly district, in addition to the Ballarat district, but it is not probable that he will sit until the Hth inst. \- His Honor Sir Redmond Barry will re sume his judicial duties on Monday, when he will take the chamber business in the Supreme Court. His Honor will preside at the sittings of the Central Criminal Court on the 14th inst. A youth named Arthur Wazeldine was admitted to the Hospital yesterday, suffer ing from a severe wound iu his forehead, caused by his having fallen through a window. By the last mail from India intelligence has been received of a great deal of sickness and mortality having prevailed at Calcutta during the latter part of last year, and that no fewer than 19 captains of vessels had suc cumbed to cholera, fever, and dysentery. Amongst the deaths reported are those of Captain Black of the Collingwood, Captain Inglis of the Ben Macdhni, Captain Boss of the Loch Rannoch, and Captain William Robertson of the Loeh Vennachar, all of whom were well known and mnch respected in Melbourne. Speaking of the West Melbourne election in the Assembly on Wednesday evening, Mr R. M. Smith asserted that Sir Bryan O'Logh len had got in because in West Melbourne a large party existed which could not forget "the old faith and the old country," and which had a warm and kindly feeling for an "old family." "How," said one elector, "can I vote against Sir Bryan when my father lived five miles from his father's gate?" The member for West Melbourne joined in the general laughter that greeted the remark. A young man named John Gleeson, who attempted to check the career of a horse which bolted in Stawell on Wednesday even ing, was knocked down by the animal and completely stunned. He was taken home, and it was found that he was severely, but not .dangerously, cut about the head. Ho complained, however, of internal injuries, but their exact nature cannot yet be ascer tained. A fatal mine accident occurred at Ballarat on Wednesday, in the mine of the Winter's Freehold, the victim being John M'Lean, aged 45, a married man without family. M'Lean, captain of the shift, was engaged in putting in face timber, tbe work' not having been done to his satisfaction, when a fall of earth took place, by which he was smothered. Watkins, a miner, standing by, was injured slightly by the fall. At tho enquiry on the body a verdict that death had ensued from accidental suffocation was returned. The sporting correspondent of tha Austral asian "wires" that the Derwent had a shocking bad passage over to Tasmania, and instead of reaching Laiinceston on Tuesday at J, did not enter the Heads until Wed nesday morning. She then ran on a sand bank, and the passengers were not landed until 11. The horses were knocked about —Filibuster especially. Referring to the division on the Govern ment proposition regarding payment of moneys on the vote of the Assembly alone, the Argus solemnly informs the Opposition that it may now claim tho respectable minority of one-third of the House. It is surely a hopeful sign that the Conservative party is beginning to feel thankful even for such small mercies. " His Excellency Mr Weld (remarks tho Hobart Town Mercury of January 30th) long since obtained a name for the many hours that he can spend in the saddle, and during his return from the North-West Coast he accomplished a feat which few men would care to undertake. Having te return hurriedly to Hobart Town, his Excel lency started at 6 a.m. on Monday morning last, and by midnight he bad ridden nearly 100 miles. He spent two hours and a half at Emu Bay, and two hours at Latrohe, and was thus 13J hours in the saddle." An Argus telegram from Bacchns Marsh, dated Wednesday, reports that an accident of a most heartrending description occurred there on Tuesday to a boy aged two years, a son of Mr Bow, of Deep Creek. He by some unaccountable means fell into a pot of boiling fat. The flesh is quite gone, ex posing the entire ribs of the left side. Dr. Nolan has no hope of saving his life, as con vulsions have set in. Some excitement has been caused during the last few evenings,' about dusk (says tho Courier), by the appearance of a real liv® ghost in'Sebastopol- street east. It appears that an eccentric old lady, living in the lo cality, perambulates aronnd in the gloaming with a white sheet around her person, and the result is a congregation each evening of an excited crowd of youths, who make night hideous in their attempts to scare tho ghost. The qniet inhabitants of the neighborhood, however, object to this sensation, and ate, we understand, determined to rid them selves of the ghost or her followers as soon as possible. In referring to the West Melbourne elec tion, the Argus makes the following distinct charge against one of the deputy returning officers;—"One of their number, whowa* asked by a scrutineer why he refused to put the legal questions, replied that if he had done so Mr Francis would have got in. A statutory declaration as to the occurrence of this incident has been made." 'The truth or falsity of this statement should be deter mined ah once. Mr John Hardy raised an important and rather interesting point at the County Court on Wednesday (reports the Ballarat Star). A married woman, a money- lender, sued Mr Hardy's client for money lent on a promis- i sory note, and it was given in evidence that the plaintiff was living with her husband. Mr Wynne wished to show that the business belonged solely to his client, Mrs Cohen, but Mr Hardy quoted a decision given on the 19th January, 1S7S, in chambers, by the Chief Justice (as reported in the Argus). In this case, Nolan v. Russell, the Chief Justice held that when a married woman lived with her husband and carried on business, the husband was liable for her debts, and that the property was her husband's, and not hers. Mr Hardy went on to argue that " apart," in the 5th section of the Married Woman's Property Act, meant living apart or separate from, and that as there was no evidence in the case before the Court to show that Mrs Cohen lived apart or separate from her husband, the proceedings would not lie. The case was decided by the Chief Justice on a recent decision given at home—Laport*; v. Costick, 31 Lain Times, 434—where it was decided that unless a woman was actu ally trading wholly apart from her husband, the earnings were his, and not hers. His ] Honor Judge Rogers held the objection good, and entered a nonsnit without costs. The Daylesford Mercury, an Opposition journal, makes the following candid confes sion :—" It is impossible to deny that the result of the election for West Melbourne is a ' heavy blow and a sore discouragement' to the cause of law and order. Account for I the fact as we may—whether by the vote of j the Irish electors being cast, almost to a man, for their countryman, Sir Bryan O'Loghlen— | the illegal conduct of -the returning officers, the personation of dead or absent men, etc., one of the most popular and ablest of our I statesmen has been rejected for a gentleman | who has never distinguished himself in any j way, and who had no claim to public favor, except what he gained as the Government candidate. And as Sir Bryan O'Loghlen had, moreover, to enconnter the strenuous opposition of the merchants and moneyed classes, we can only conclude that the majo rity of the people of "Victoria are willing to be led, like a mob of sheep, by the present Ministry. --. ... The numerous meet ings that have been held in support of the Ministry unmistakably, show the direction of the current of opinion, and the contest I on Monday'must have convinced all who | had any doubt on the subject." The St. Arnaud Times, speaking of the I recent gale, says:—"The wind which blew so stiffly on Friday afternoon was severely felt out Cope Cope way. Mr Johnson's store was partly unroofed, and if heavy rain had set in, considerable loss besides damage to the building would have ensued. A wagon with two hprses, belonging to Mr Manal Iack, of St. Arnaud, was standing outside at the time, and a sheet of iron which was blown off the roof knocked one of the horses down ; the boy who was holding the horses stuck manfully to them, and prevented the other animal from being hurt. Some panelled doors resting against the store were blown about in all directions, and one of them striking a horse near at hand, knocked it down. So great was the force of the wind that it levelled a large straw stack which had recently been erected, and blew over a new corn-crusher, the fly-wheel heh)g broken in the fall. The wind also disturbed the ridge of the roof of the Wes leyan ChapeL At St. Arnaud it was not so severe in its effects, the only casualty we have heard of being at Mr Reed's, chemist, whose sign-board was twisted round and | nearly off its proper place." Thefollowingwe take from the BendigoAd ' vertiseds travelling reporter's despatch from Kerang:—"A week or so since a serious loss of Sheep occurred on the road between I Huston and the Darling. A flock of 13,000 I had become stupefied with the heat and want of water, and refused to move in spite of every effort made by those in charge. The result was that every one dropped down and died, and their remains now lie in a | heap. A similar disaster befel another flock of 7000 a few miles further on." The Sydney correspondent of the Age writes:—" It has been intimated that the Government will most probably ask for a vote of credit to enable them to prepare the colony for emergencies. It i3 believed that this arises from the instructions recently \- given to the navy. Some nneasiness is felt I at another Italian war vessel appearing off the northern coast, making all sail in the direction of Sydney. Much anxiety hag also I arisen owing to the movements of the Rus- J sian fleet in the North Pacific." The Launceston correspondent of the Hobart Town Mercury writes :—"A man named George Morgan was found drowned in the South Ksk, near the Cataract Bridge, on the evening of the 1st inst. From the i evidence taken at the inquest held to-day, it appears that Morgan was drinking on Friday, and went down to the Cataract in the even ing in an intoxicated state, telling some ac quaintances he met that he was going to ] have a swim. As the body was partly un dressed when found, the.presumption is that while undressing. Morgan slipped off the rocks into the water, and was drowned. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. One rather discreditable circumstance came , out in the evidence. Some cuts were visible I on the deceased's head, and on enquiry it came out that there being no stretcher pro vided for such cases, the body had been placed on a ladder for transport to the nearest inn, and was allowed to fall off on the hard metal road, inflicting the injuries mentioned." The -Nundle correspondent of the Tarn ■worth, Mews, writing on Monday last, says :— "Ihave just received information from Mr M'Canna, road contractor, that the party working on the Wallabadah Road, about four miles out of Nundle, experienced a singular phenomenon in the shape of a . whirlwind, about ten days ago. The party were sitting round the fire at dinner, when they were made aware of the approach of tho whirlwind. One of them ran and buried his head in a bush. The wind took up the fire where they were ■ sitting, scattering it in all directions, carry ing: stones as large as a pint pot away, and setting fire to a log at least 300 yards dis tant. The bush one of the party had retired to was set on fire, and burnt the shirt of the man who had there taken refuge. Mr M'Cann's son had the back of his waistcoat completely destroyed by the fire, and other damage was done to the camp." It is to be hoped that the rain that has been so general has reached Booligal, for its correspondent from that quarter thus .addresses the S. M. Herald :—" Stock owners are anxiously looking for rain. I have lately travelled over 200 miles of coun ,try, and I did not see a green blade any where. There is grass, but it is as dry as it is possible for it to be. Water is wanted here more than feed, many stations depend: ing now upon wells alone, instead of having water in the creeks. This causes the stock to travel a considerable distance for water, in fact, in many cases stockowners have to drive the sheep to water, they preferring to remain under shade to seeking water thiR hot weather. The heat still remains intense, \- although the past two days have been much cooler, only ranging as high as 90deg. in the shade. Some consternation was caused here . by reading a newspaper telegram, stating that«he heat had been 142deg. in the shade -for seven days at Walgett. > It has not heen higher than 125deg. in the shade here.," The Committee of the FemaieRefnge beg to acknowledge a donation of £5 5s from Miss Ellen 6. Timms. _ -^e quarterly meeting of the Town Conn- ] cil is announced to take place on Saturday at noon. The members of the Council , appear, however, to be inclined to postpone the meeting either till Monday next or the following Monday. 