Cut 5i»îmefî imovnína ^nalö« SATURDAY, MAY l8, 1878. -» » IN the Legislative Council, yesterday, Mr. MARKS announced that His Excellency would prorogue Parliament at noon on Tuesday, and he moved that unless otherwise ordered the House do adjourn to half-past 11 in the forenoon of that day. The motion was agreed to. Mr. MARKS laid on the table the report of the trustees of the Australian Museum for 1877, and i' avos ordered that the document be printed. The Inxerell Free Church of Eastern Australia Land Sale Bill passed its final stages, and was re- turned to the Assembly xvithout amendment. The House, at twenty minutes before 5 o'clock, ad* joumed to half-past li .in the forenoon of Tuesday next. IN the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Ministers answered bovernl questions, and laid the folloxvhig papers on the table:-Returns relating to railway accidents; to the dismissal of li, Brailh avaite; to the claim by II. and A. Landale; and to the dismissal of W. Stafford. Mr. IlfiiiEV (Hartley) brought up the report of the select committee on land at the corner of 1* itt street. The SUHKEK reported a message from tho Legisla- tivo Council letuming the Inverell Presbyterian Church Site Sale Hill xvithottt nnieiulmeiit. In rcplv to Sir John Robertson, Mr. FABNEM, said that the Land Hill, would be laid on the table on Tuesday. Papers respecting the fortifications at Goorge's Head xvero ordered, on the motion of Dr. BOWKER. Mr. TritiiY nsked xvhat course the Government intended to take in reference to the question of the privileges of the House? Mr. FAIINEH said that tho lion, member xvould learn from the Speech at the opening of the next session. Mr, 'LV.nuv moved the adjournment of the House to enable him to complain of tho insulting answer lie had received Mr. FAnNct.i, said that the Government xvould con- sider the matter during the recess ; and ho did not see that any other course could bo taken on the subject of tho privileges of Parliament at the present time. Mr. HOSKIN« insisted that the ansxx*erof the Premier xvas evasive and disrespectful to the lanjo mnjority in this House xvho passed the Privileges Bill, Members of the other Chamber and the Press hud held up this branch of the Legislature to public contempt, and the defeat of the attempt made by this'House to maintain order ought to command tbo serious atten toin of the Government. The little business done during the lost six months wa» a matter also xx-orthy of the earnest consideration of the Govern- ment. Ho expressed his profound regTet that legisla- tion in this country had come to a deadlock, for it appeared that Parliaments met to talk, not to work. Sir JOHN KOIIEKTSON spoke of the obstruction which other Governments had encountered ; but tho patient endurance of the present House had not been rewarded by any useful legislation on the part ot the Government. The Privileges Bill of tho Government had boen completely altered in committee. It went from this House as the bill of this Chamber, nnd ought to have received respectful consideration ; but instead of that the other Branch of tUe Legislature treated this House with contumely, and the Govern- ment acquiesced with submission. He suggested that there should be a prorogation of a few days, and that the bill should be rcintroduced. Mr. LUCAS regarded the Prixilcies Rill as very important and essential ;o the preservation of order iii the Chamber ; and it ought to hnvo been treated with more rcpect by the Upper House.' The members of that House claimed to represent the peuple, xvhen in fact they only represented the Suiliiey iiorninq Herald. Mr. GnsENxx-oon considered that the House wai entitled to more consideration than had been extended by the answer of the Premier to the member for New England ; and the only efiect of the action xvhioh had been taken axas to give prominence to the poxverlets ness of the House to maintain the order of its own proceedings. Mr. HuNOKitFORD argued that the privileges pro- posed to be conferred by the bite bill were essential to the preservation of order ; and that it w-as not likely the poxvers proposed w'ould be abused. Mr. BAKER considered that the silence and indif- ference of the Government was most discourteous, and without precedent. Mr. FITZPATIUCK reminded the House that Parlia- ment had existed for twenty- two years, during which period worse breaches of decorum had occurred than those of late, but it had not been necessary to increase its poxvers ; and the persistent demands for unlimited power which hon. members had made of late was the best evidence that they were not now* in a temper to legislate on a matter so important The bill which the House passed againit the viexvs oi the Government would have gii-en outrageous powers and xvould be a disgrace to civilization. The üppei House, in the exercise of its undoubted right, had rejected that measure, but that was ne reason xi-hy this House should be made the laughing-stock of the country by meeting again aftet a fexv days to reconsider the question of privilege The onlv effect of that course would be to place the Assembly in hostility to the Council on a question upon which that Hoiise more truly represented the country than this. It xvas more necessary that the people should be protected against the Parliament than that the Parliament should be protected against the people. The Colonial Secretary defended the Government against imputation» made against rtiem in the course of the debate, and censured the politkal dishonesty of members of 8ii John Robertson's administration, xvho had recentlj combined in the Upper House to defeat the Electoral Bill, xi'hich they would hare been responsible for had they remained a xx-eck longer in office. He reviewed the course of legislation during the session to show .that the Government were not chargeable with wasting the time of the House, and that the bills the; had passed during the last three months were equal ir importance to those passed by their predecessors dunns the previous three years. Sir "HENRY PARKES admitted that the Legislative Council had a perfect right to reject any bill, and ht could not concur in the violent language which hat been applied to that Chamber. No great harm coule result from the rejection of the Privileges Bill, or anj other measure which introduced important changes for in proportion as a question was important it was desirable that it should be sifted and maturely considered. Ho animadverted upon the conduct ol the Government in permitting the House to entirelj change the character of their Privileges Bill. The Colonial Se'-retaTy described tho power« of the Houst of Commons as scandalous in their excess, at tremendous in their tyranny, and yet at the bidding of the Hrxise took up and tried to pass into la» a bill to confer those poweis upon the Parlia- ment. The Government, in introducing tile Electoral Bill, which oTcred a premium to the worst kind of political log- rolling and speciously inxited nnrticular constituencies to send in delegates on à particular question, committed the most flagrnnt sin against political morality which any Government could commit. The-bon member criticised the action of Ministers in the House as subversivo of respon- sible government, and repellent to the ambition ol able and patriotic young men who might be disposed to enter into the political life of the country ; and their administration of affairs ns calculated to dis- organise the public service, and introduce confusion into the economic considerations of private life. Mr. O'CONNIIU and Mr. JOHN DVVIES aUc addressed the House. Attention was called to tin fact that there was not a quorum present, and Mi, SPEAKER, at seven minutes past 9 o'clock, adjourned tlie House until 11.30 a.m. on Tuesday. WE have already commented ou somo of the principal subjects in tho Education Report for 1S77. Besides those ou which we havo en- larged, however, there aro others which will reciuiro some caroful attention. The first is that of school accommodation. Tho great point that has been insisted on in the Educa- tion controversies of the last half a century is that tho populaco shall bo brought into school. But if this is to bo done there must bo schools in which they can bo accommodated. It is usoloss to urgo that indifferent parents should bo compelled to educate their children until they aro furnished with the means of doing this. For this, if for no other reason, the making the school accommodation of the country koep paco with its population is a matter of the first importance. The reports of recent years have told us that the' rate at which we aro enlarging this portion of our educational machinery ia not satisfactory to the Council itself, and it may, therefore, be safely assumed that it ought not to bo satisfactory to the country at large, Thô increaso in tho number of schools for last yoar ovas forty-four ; the increase for tho year. , preceding was forty-three. Thus, it will bo seen, that our now schools aro increasing at I the rate of about forty-five a year. Tho number of school-houses erected in the colony between tho years 180C and 1870 was 190, or about twenty a year. In the report for 1870 it was ' stated that there were sixty-one schools in course of erection. Tbe inference from this will probably bo that no inconsiderable pro portion oí the schools that were in course of erection in 1870 wore not completed in 1877,1" It will perhaps bo thought that considering ' tho large incrcaso of expenditure! for educa- tional purposes thero has been during the last few yenrs, nn inórense of about forty schools a yenr is anything but n largo one. "Wo do not, however, wish to insist on this. We hnvo nrgued on several occasions that tho number of now schools for any given year furnishes a very insufficient tost of even our school accommodation. Tho multiplication of un- necessary small schools is ono of the evils against which wo havo to guaid ; and if cvidonco is ? wanted on this point, it may bo easily found in tho report "before us. Inspect rs tell us that not ,a few of the peoplo in thoir districts crave for small schools near their own doora, that thoy j may bo saved tho tvoublo of Bonding their | children to-laige ones a small distanco away. I It will hardly bo doubted that this complaint is too well founded. There is no surer way of increasing both tho cost and tho inotTicioiicy of primary education, than that of multiplying small schools in localities which aro sufficiently populated to support largo ones. For thi3 ronson a decrease in tho number of schools in a district is occasionally a hotter sign than tin inot'onso, and thus thoso poitions of the repoit may bo tho most satisfactory which tell us that half-a-doron small schools have been cou vottod into two or throo larger ones. The chief question after all is not what number of schools havo wo, but what number of placos havo wo ? What is the» accommodation in our schools and what proportion docs our school accommo- dation bear to our population P It is desirable that wo should havo this question nnsworod every year, and not for the colony as a whole only, but for every school district. In no other way can we so well get at the school accommodation that wo havo now and thu accommodation we want to make our educa- tional apparatus completo. It is hardly necessary to say that in England yearly statomonts give the accommodation furnished in primary sohools as well as the number of such schools. To supply such in- formation could not be a matter of gieat difficulty anywheie, and until we have some further light on this point it will not bo always easy to tell whethor a given incrcaso of schools is a step ia a light direction, or in a wrong one. It is important to observo that, so far as wo are able to gather fiom the annual rcpoits, there are districts which do not need a largo number of new schools, and others in which tho school accommodation is equal to the wants of the population. The inspectas of the Sydney district for oxample sum-up by telling us that " the means of education are reasonably well provided " in the district. The Camden inspector goes much farther than this. He tells us that " in a few places the numbers are still in excess of the wants of the inhabitants." He further gives a list of nine localities, and then tells us that in these nine localities thero are twelve unnecessary schools. This information is well followed by a hope " that fresh legislation will enable the Council to close nil unnecessary schools, thereby economising public funds and rendering existing schools more efficient. I am not aware of any places in this district where additional schools are requhed." If the districts that have been named may be taken as specimens of some others -and there is reason to believe that thoy may-it ia clear that already there are parts of the colony in which the question of school accommodation is not the urgent one. But there are other parts of whioh this can- not be said An inevitable inference from the annual reports of the Council, and from the present report among the rest, is that large numbers of children of school ages in the colony are not being brought under in- struction, because they are not within reason- able distances of any existing schools. This is a fact that must be faced before we can come fairly either to the question of school attendance or to that of enrolment. It is also clear that in such localities as those referred to we are not increasing our school accommodation with anything like reasonable speed. Who is responsible for this state of things P We have no doubt that some will at once answer-The Council. We have never been regarded as the apologists of the Council of Education. We are free to confess that we think the necessities of the country havo roquirod that the work of school building under the Council's direction should bo carried on with more energy and speed than we have sometimes had. But we also think that in this matter the Council has often been blamed for tho shortcomings of other people. Judging from this report tho insufficiency of school accommodation in tho country grows largely out of the circumstance that the Council cannot get sites, and not from any in- disposition to build schools. The truth is, that no adotjuate provision has been made by whioh the Council of Education can secure either public or private property for school purposes. Some time ago Sir ALFRED STEPHEN prepaiod a bill to deal with the subject, but his measure waa not approved, and the matter was brought to no satisfactory issue. From the report beioie us it may he inferred that the difficulty of getting school sites from tho Government is even greater than that of getting them from private individuals. Tho report says that " moro rapid progress would have been made in the erection of new school buildings but for the difficulty of obtaining sites. There are seventy places from which applications havo been received, and for which school buildings have hoon promised. In the case of six of theso tenders have been accoptcd in anticipation of the granting of sites by the Government, and the plans and specifications aro ready. In tho case of sixty-four others, building operations cannot bo commenced pending the promise of sites on public property, or the execution of conveyances by private individuals." The report gives a list of applications for no less than sixty school sites which have not yet been promised. Moro than forty of these were applied for in 1876. Several were applied for in 1875 and in 1874, and ono was asked for as far back as 1872. It will thus appear that in no small number of cases, not only months but years transpiro between tho asking for school sites by the Council, and the granting of them by the Government. Such at least is the state of things disclosed in this report. If thero be no sufficient answer to this, it is tho Government rather than the Council that is to blame for tho deficiency of school accommodation, which has .been so fre- quently complained of. We hope that the As- sembly will take this phasa of the subject-.into its consideration the next time it utters it* com. 'plaint that schools cannot bo hod where' tlie» aro wanted. Whoever may bo to blamo 'foi tho non-erection of so many schools ip localities whom they aro olficiully declared ti bo required, it must be evident that tho faots wo have stated ombody an ovil which lies at tho bottom of tho educational controversy. THE meeting at' tho Exchango to consider the proposal for a public testimony to the merits ? ' and services of tho late Mr. T. S. MORT shows that tho community is not insonsible to excel- lence of character, and that whatever re proaehes wo niny cometimos receive or mato as to our solllsh devotion to the pursuit of woalth, there is not wanting, after all, an np. preciation of tho qualities that go to the 1 making of a good citi/on and a virtuous man. j It was duo to tho memory of Mr, MonT that it should receivo such testimonios as were ron I dorad, and only a really worthy life could have called forth such expressions from so many and such différent pornous. To be as muck loved in privato as admired in public, amito bo missed from ono sphere as much as from tho other, is tho lot of only ¡x few. The general unanimity of opinion as to the fitness of a movement of the kind proposée] is nn augury of success, mid the largo aud influential committee that has buen appointed can hardly fail to give satisfaction in carrying out the details. Tho best modo of testifying respect to nn emi- nent citizen who no longer lives to contribute hit own views or wishes on the subject, is alwayi a matter of sonio dilliculty and delicacy, and tho affair is occasionally compilent d by ths urgency of thoso who, being enthusiasts in particular directions, aro anxious to divert public contributions to tho quarters where their interests and affections lio. But a memorial, to be thoroughly fitting, should, where prac- ticable, have soino delinito refcronco to the life of the person whoso memory is to be thus embalmed. Mr. MORT'S lifo was many-sided, and ho held various relations with various 'classes uf the community. But tho tiling that specially characterised him--that nuda his presenco most felt, and that will mako him most missed in public, was hit connection with tho industrial life of thi community. His was an energetic and forward spirit, and he was always pressing to the border lino between the old and the new between what has been realised, and what is just becoming possible. The grent works with which he was identified woio connected with tho practical applications of science tho utilisation, for the convenience of man, of mechanical aud chomical forces. In this work there is still indefinite room for progress, because this is clearly the line along which material civili¿ntion is to be found. It is in subduing the forces of nature to the purposes of man that the enjoyments and conveniences of the great mass of the community aro to bo increased, and that labour is to be more and moro raised from tho rudo into the skilled stage. If therefore, in devising a permanent memento of Mr. MORT'S career, it could in any way be con- nected with the speciality of his active life, there would be a characteristic iltness in nucb an arrangement. And would not this idea be realised if the money raised vveio funded aud appropriated in some way or other to facilitate the Uuining of colonial youth in the study of applied science in ita various branahes? Whether this should be done by providing speciul teaching arrangements for young students, or scholarship for approved pupils, or travelling allowances for young mea to visit the great workshops of Europe and of America; may be matter for detailed consideration. But a memorial of this kind, thut should always be alive, and always be quickening the young talent of the country, would be more in harmony with Mr. MORT'S euger, forward reaching character, than any dead investment in marble, bronze, or bricks and mortar. It would also be more distinctly useful, and as one of the speakers truly observed, utility was one of the strongly marked tendencies of Mr. MOBT'S wen le. He waa anything but indifferent to art and the em- bellishments of life, as Greenoakes and ita adornments abundantly show. But his great labours were in the direction of utility, and a memorial thut did not bear this character would not be an embodiment of the spirit of his life._ IT is difficult to believe that the Government seriously expected that the Legislative Coun- cil would suspend its standing orders to rush through, in one night, und that the last working night of the session, a bill so com- prehensive in its application as that relating to tho privileges of Parliament. If they really did entertain such au expectation, it shows what a very contemptuous opimos they entertain as to the cha-noter of the Upper House. Under tho circumstances, the rejection of the bill was the propel course Hud it been the commencement of the session, it would havo been more suitable to havo retened the measure to a select committee, or for the whole House to have gone into a detailed consideration of the subject. But for this there was no time, and to have rushed the bill as if it dealt with mutters of no importance would have been utterly inappropriate to the position of a Chamber of revision, especially as there wa» no emergency and no pretence of one. If the Council had chosen to take advantage of the negligent way in which the racosur« had boen dealt with in the Assembly, it might perhaps havo appropriated to itself all the money powers possessed by the House of Commons ; and if it had caught at the chanco offered to it, the Assembly might havo found some trouble in getting tho bill repealed, and it would certainly have looked rather foolish in tho eyes of tho country if it should have been found that in claiming indefinite privi- leges it had parted with one of its most j cherished rights. But the Council wisely deprecated having extra power thrust orí it/ and gavo opportunity to the Assembly for second thoughts on the subject. There was no unwillingness on the part of the Council to consent to the establishment of all needed Parliamentary j privilege, nor can tho vote bo taken asany indication of a distinct preference for either I one or other of the two methods proposed, j viz,, that of defining privilego or of leaving it undefined. But tho objections to tho bill as it stands wore put with unanswerable force. Mr. DALLEY especially did tho people of the country a service by pointing out as he did clearly how very large was the power whioh it is on record that the House of Commons has in its past histor}' claimed, and how unnecessary such large powers are for the purposes of legislation. Hi» cpi^uding narastrapli, whifih u lrW° A thal if to-day the question arose "«TÍ îweri- should be conceded to the '£ Wh.1 .Oont for the eilieientand satis TTco Í oi "ublic bu8ine8S' "fi factory cona immunities would rZToní«*>* «" «"joyed, and he b,° h tho if time wee given to tito people gÎÎ to rcllect upon this measure LÍ voulu bo" n most emphatic expression of .In "íaÜiBt tho bestoxx-nl of any other 'P n,Tnrivilcges than those which aro SSfSS to .n.M. the bust is bo transacted in an orderly and f ¡¿«manner.» The public at laige has ^jKtocomp&ena; the bearings '¡mew» which tho Council has mdenllv remitted to a futuro session. Ino £5nceplionand progress oi ttoobJll.a« ^«aJ^that the couti ryPtess and the public generally has hnrdly been in a PÍT . ","r 0f the rae that would bo fZii b . a ?! and fearless criticism of r.tudiod,itwill como to bo understood, and X comos to be understood, the people xul Kt bow judicious bos boon the course adopted ( L tho Council. The proper pinn for tho pro- , nation of such a measure will be a careful consideration of the whole matter by tho Standing Oidcrs Committee, or by a joint committee of the two Houses. After such a conation wo might have a bill submitted xvbich would give to the Parliament all it needs, mid- vet preserve to the people un ¡¡minisbed all their proper rights. The discussion upon the question last night |n the Assembly only served to show, if possible, more clearly than before, tho ex- pediency of postponing the treatment of it until cooler moments. The excitement of one bon. member who took part iu the dobato iras BO great that, after accusing the Council if a deep-laid design to keep the Assembly in ?position in which it was exposed to public ridicule, he .'did not recognise his own utter- ances when they weie lcpented by a calmer listener. It seems lo be a special cause of complaint that the Council should have been described as tho representative of the people, Hld the protector oe popular libertaos. The , ¡de»that the Assembly could possibly pass a bill to infringe upon those liberties, or curtail the freedom of the Press, was scouted frith contempt. All that tho House wanted, it was said, was to purge itself of the discredit inflicted by its own members. If that Is all that the House desires, why thiB eager Jemand for undefined power to deal with people outside ? And how can it be an out- rageous supposition that tho House would be Wpftble of legislating so as to trespass upon lie liberty of the subject, in face of Ibis very measure which would place the Sberty of the subject, now regulated only by Ihelaw as administered by Courts of justice, under the control of an angry majority of the assembly P Mombers, who could permit themselves to reason upon such n question in ,wch a manner, hardly showed tlint sense of the gravity of the issue which is demanded as vfit preparation for action upon it. The suggestion that there should be a pro- rogation for a few days, with the view of holding a special session, and sending up the Privilege Bill a second time to the Council, Fas simply evidence of the heat, or passion, ir disturbance of feeling which has rendered the House incapable for the time of taking t clear view of the situation and its requirements. The Council has done nothing beyond its powers, nothing against the Constitution, nothing even remark- able in rejecting tho Privilege Bill. Parliament has existed without such a bill for ¡nore than twenty years, and the need for rich a bill has never been felt. The occur- rences within the House that have lately teemed to call for action of some sort have created no necessity for the assumption of un- defined powers over people outside. If the assembly had -been battling for popular rights, and had been foiled again and again through a series'.of ' years by tho resistance of the Council, there might have been some colour of justification for the holding of a special session ; but here we have a bill tampering with the liberties of the people-a new project, hastily introduced, passed in a passion, and thruBt upon the Council under circumstances that hardly Kbnitted of its deliberate consideration ; a bill which the Council has put aside in the interest of the people. Certainly, this ie not the occasion for resorting to what the COLONIAL SBCRETARV _ rightly tamed an eccentric course-a course which Muid only be taken in the spirit of coercion. It is to be hoped that the public avili thoroughly understand, and rightly appreciate, what the Council has done in ' this matter. «embcN nsButucd, last night, that the Council bad refused to allow the Assembly to cure its own disorders. The fact is that the Council bas refused to be hurried into consent to a bill which would have given the Assembly poxv.er » invade the liberty of the subject," and to fey a hand of uumeasured weight upon every owv who freely criticised its proceedings. ÍMaooArtox OÏ PAUUAMENT. - It lias been j-ruiRtd that the piorugation of Parliament will tte place on Tuesday, at noon, at which hour Ja Excellency the Governor will ntt"nd in the wgulative Council-chamber and give his j «te Appropriation Bill. He will be receiv. io rtthahumt House by a guard of honour, mu the »mai formalities will be observed. tñ*Shn,í0rWlM!m L,,!Í.E-Communication on the í &wrg.;,uu iuerrupted whenw°Wcntt0 DwatcT CouET.-Monday, 20th Mav.-Cinrke v. H^WTSea? v' Hil1' For,tcr .»??-* "-"-"her v. teH?Lnd ""&". Scholet v' F»-«»!«* and Invert, tt, -"7* Waf°-*v-Haddon, Breen v. Sargeant, PÄ aïd Imotller v' Maloney, Forward v. ncKituig, Jeannerett v. Harmer, M'Innes v. Bar A3 .*," T.PA,Î W-H-K'-l'l-e following is rfSKo ,BorouB--»e&, schooner, from the ¡lux* khnZf '¿-""¿'".'.«b-P. from the Lizard; Sjte.i, K^'p ra-KMpS'a! n- M' 8- s* Zealandia M ? Ä.TmC-°.¿ ^«"wod, «hip, from Liver Huùw M?',. *\ -mT- IST«*>t*. -rom Plymouth; ?WMSÄT"? i***?í?** Lo-*«*<-yH»V ship r-rtur« fir Vn, ?' P' ft°m U"don' T***5 dp Ker, for %TcT?*- WearxV Sea N^Ph' levuka* TIH Caledonia; Wentworth (s), for taSw^^ Shp' forI-0-*d<-**; Somersc (s.)" ¡nterXPWn'a«ifngT'n!8'lip' for Shanghai. The bomÄpaf02'T "."^'-sallows: Arrivals «rrivals WPn?i°: d b¿e,i95 Ba,ba,le- m' fcP-uturcs for Bris ÄforwôrJVT .,"C,mmA* Qwv._The .fWwwt;«»!", hM(,V',thdrawu .*» »«ion for «»'¡-».tes nrenar,d "f i,Í ,VU?WtbV*«*rable to have fnifht bo effected 7«j i Ç^' - imProvpn-t!*-ta ANOTHER FATAL ACCIDENT ON THE SUBURBAN RAIL WAY.-Another terrible accident in connection with ' our suburban railway traffic has to be recorded. A man of the name of W. Prendergast, who has been for some time a porter on the Darling Harbour branch line, left Sydney by the 6.30 p.m. down passenger train last evening. His intention appears to have been to get out at Ashfield. This particular train, however, doe» not stop at that station, but runs through to the Croydon platform. Ho nlightdd'at Croydon, intending to return to Ash- field by the next " up " train. A train leave» Home- bush at G.3'i, passes Croydon at 0.40, but docs not stop theie. Prendergast was crossing over the line to the " up " platform, in spite of warnings from the Croy- don porter, just as the Homebush train came along, mid vvhilat the train from which he had alighted was standing at the platform. He was caught by the engine of tlie " up" train, thrown down, and elragg'od alone for some distance. One of his arms was literally torn from his body, his legs and feet were terribly mutilated, and he was otherwise seriously injuied by the con- cussion Ho was picked up, and brought to the Iufii mary, but died a short time after admission. He leaves a widow and family. Fatal accidents are noir so common in connection with the suburban traffic, mid that traine is increasing so rapidly, that it is be- coming a matter of urgency that the Government I i should take ordinary precautions against such frequent lepetitions of these dreadful mishaps, by providing safer means of crossing from one side of tlie line to the other. There is not n station between Sydney and Parramatta where passengers aro not j exposed to the ink of being cut to pieces by I an appioaching train, for it is quite a 1 usual thing for one train to pass another I at the stations. Newtown is a notable example of ! this ; and Petersham may be cited as an example of j the.recklessness of lifo and limb shown by the de- signers of subuibah stations and crossing places. At I Petersham an intomlins passenger for Sydc.y has to procure his ticket, walk to the steps i at the end ot the platform, then return along the line in a diagonal direction, in .order to reach the " up " platform. To have to submit to these incon- veniences when traffic was small and trains few was not unreasonable ; but the trafile hos grown to such dimensions that the Government ought to onsider whether it is not bound, in the interest of its patrons, to provide them ugainst such terrible accidents as those we have had too often to report, STOCK SALKYAUDS BILL.-This bill ha» been with- drawn from the paper, the hon. member in charge of it (Mr. Lackey) being of opinion that there was no hope of getting the matter considered by the House at the late period at which tho bill emerged front the committee. The question of sale yards in the vicinity of Sydney for stock is so important, not simply to gra7.it T3. but consumers, thnt the subject ought not to lomain much longer in abeyance. There is, webelieve, unanimity of opinion as to the propriety of erecting such yards ¡ but it is a moot point whether they should be constructed by the Government, as proposed by Mr. Lackey, or by the Corporation of Sydney. The follow- ing petition of the Council embodies the latter view : The Mayor, aldermen, and citizens of the city of Svdney say,-" That your petitioners are aware that a bill is 'now under the consideration of your honorable House, under the title of the Stock Sale Yards Bill, which provides for the establishment of stock sale yardli, to be under the management of and the revenue from which aro to be received by the Government, That in the year 1870 an Act was passed by the Legis- lature giving to the Municipal Council of'Sydney the power to establish cattle »ale yards, and to receive" fees for all cattle intended for slaughter, yarded, or brought for sale by auction within ten miles from the city of Sydney. That your petitioners proceeded to take measures for carrying the provisions of this Act into effect, but found that the construction of the clauses with reference to the payment of fee» was BO defective as to render them inoperative, and prevented any further action in the matter. That your peti- tioners have since endeavoured to ° obtain the nejdful amendment of the Act by the Legislature, and a bill was introduced by the Govern- ment during the session of 1877, giving them full power to establish sale yards and receive fees there trom. That your petitioners are of opinion thqt the provisions of the Act already passed should not be set aside by the transfer of it» intended power from the Municipal Council to the Government, but that the maintenance of cattle sale yards, and the revenue derivable' therefrom should he in the hands of the Svdney Corporation. Your petitioners therefore pray that \our honorable House will so amend the bill now before your honorable House as to confer upon your petitioners the privileges intended to be granted to them by the¡Cattle Sale Yard Act of 817U." THE EQUITAHLX PEKVIANB.NT BENEFIT, BUILDKO, LAND, AND SAVINGS' INSTITUTION.-The annua' meet- ing of this institution was held on Thursday evening, at the Temperance Hall, when the balance-sheet and fourth annual report of the Board of Management was adopted. In their report the Board congratulated the members on the v ery lnrge measure of aucce« which has resulted from the business transacted, The gross revenue for the vear has been £G1,950 19». Id,, which, willi balance brought forward of £3542 15s., makes n to'al of £73,499 14s. Id. ; a sum very largely exceeding that of the vear previous. The deposit branch discloses a condition of considerable activity and healthfulnesB, and a ver) largo accession of money during the year. The actual income from this source for the year wa» £47,716 89\. 4d., as against £21,527 8s. lid. last year. Buring the year the money advanced to members on mortgage of properties was £41,720 18s. (which sum includes an amount of £2128 8s., in connection with the purchase of business premises for the society), and at the close of the year engagements existed on buildings in various stages of progress and on uncom- pleted securities to the extent of £5895. Investing members' accounts have been credited with interest at 8 per cent., and provision made for interest to deposi- tors to the close of tlie year, after which there remains as profit (actually realized and in possession) the sum of £2721 Is. 2d., which is carried forward for division at the end of the current year. The demand for the society's money has been exceed- ingly brisk throughout the year. ' The expenses for the year-were comparatively light, not quite 1 per cent, on the gross amount of the year's business. The aggregate advances made are nearly £83,000. The Board has purchased the corner site at the junc- tion of Pitt and Park street«, at present known as the Volunteer Hotel, and the plumber'» Bhop adjoining, for the erection of office premises. Messrs. T. L. iusedab and R. J. Parish, the two retiring directors, were re-elected, as also the retiring auditor, Mr. J. H. Davies, and Mr. Rofe chairman. INnEPKXßBST OttSIK op Goon TEVÍPLARS.-OPKf iNO OP A NEW Lonos AT NEWCABTLB.-On Tuesday evening, 14th instant, the executive ouHcers of the Grand Lodge of New South Wales, working under the Right Worthy Grand Lodge of the World, in- stituted the Star of England Lodge, No. 87 at the Protestant Hall, Newcastle. There were present on the occasion-Brothers John Wright, G.W.C.T.; William Druce.P.G.W.C.T. : James Baker, G.W.S., Thomas Spencer, G.W.T. : Thomas L. Nicholson, G.W.M.i Joseph Marshall. W.L.D., No. 20 ; and Morgan from No. 12. There was also present a Deputy R.W.G. Templar of Moating lodges, and a goodly number Of snilor brothers ftom the various English vessels in the harbour. Prior to the instituting ceremonies a public meeting was held, at which t'ieG.W.O.T presiden. Short addresses were delivered by Bros. Baker, Spencer, and Druce. The publie meeting having ended, tha instituting ceremonies were proceeded with, and thirty-two members signed tlie constitution, eighteen of whom were card-members, chiefly from the Bethel Lodge, the other fourteen were new initiates. The election of officers was in every case, by unani- mous vote. The following are the principal officers : Brother William Hams, P. W.C.T. ; Brother Tnoraas H. Smith ,(late W.C.T. of the Bethel Lodge), W.C.T. ; Sister Sarah M'Govvan. W.V.T. ; Brother William Russell, W.S. ; Brother T. C.Drew, WF.S. : Bl other Edward Newton, W.T. ; Sister ' Annie Evan», W. Chap. ; Brother John Craik, W.M. The G. W. CT., ossiíted by the G. W.M. and G. W. S., in- stalled the officers' in regular form. Some little excite- ment took place in nuning the Lodge. "Victoria," "Star of England," "Newcastle Life Boat," and " Mariners' Welcome," were severally proposed and seconded, and after several votes the result was, that the " Star of England" won the day. Brother T. C. Drew was nominated i D.G.W.C.T. ; and the G.W.C.T. commission, np I pointing him to that office, was presented to him by ! the G.W.S. The ordinary instituting ceremony was I then formally gone through, and the new lodge was heartily and cordially welcomed into the Order of the I I.O.G.T., the portals to whose altars are open to tlie whole of human kind without regard to creed or 1 colour. A social tea followed, and short addresses , were delivered by Brother Smith, the sailors' mis- sionary; the G.W.t'.T. Brother Spencer, and several ' others. Votes of thanks were passed to tho G. L. i o/Kcprs,_ which, having been dulv responded to, the , proceedings terminated. The. whole arrangements j were t cry satisfactory, and theG.L. ofiicers express ' great pleasure at.the wav they were treated, and wish 1 the new lodge God speed. i TUB BLONDÍN, BUOTKERS.-These intrepid rope L walkers announce a farewell exhibition at Middle Harbour this afternoon. , WisHtTASí UErTEaAX'-CoiïïirRBNCE: Eighth Day. j Pursuant to adjournment' the ' WesleytuT General Conference resumed ita sittings yesterday morning, and ' entered upon a discussion of matters affecting private , and ministerial interests. At the afternoon sitting there was a discussion upon the subject of the inter- change of ministers between tho various annual con- ferences. ST. A.NI>RBW'B CATHEDRAL,-Order of service for ¡sunday, 19th Mny :-Magnificat, G. D. Callen, in E fiati Nune Dimittis, G. D. Callen, in E Ant; anthem, "Judge me, O Lord," Mozart. DOMESTIC SERVANTS.-The Immigration Depot at Hyde Park was again besieged yesterday by many ladies, each of whom was desirous ot becoming the possessor of what may be looked upon as a i-or« acts -a competent domestic servant. As usual many of I thejo ladies returned sadder and wiser-sadder, be f cause unsuccessful, and wiser, in the knowledge that i their hopes and aspirations regarding domestic bliss and felicity aro nlmost unattainable in this world, so I far, at least, as " Mary Ann " is concerned. Of the seventy-six single women, immigrants by the Erato, thirty were nominated by friends, and forty-six caine out of their own accord. With the exception of fifteen, all have gone to their friends. Only five of this number w ere I experienced servants, the rest having been employ ed in England CB milliners, &c;, and, consequently, ' know little about cooking a potato or washing a shirt. I It need hardly be repealed that the demand was far I greater than the supply, and yet one remained on | hind-or, rather, on the (loor-for she was somewhat loo tall and too heavy to bo spoken of metaphorically. She actually knew nothintr. except how to cat, and ladies instinctively nvoidel her, There is little doubt, however, that she will eventually obtain her requirements-viz., a place where sho can be, not useful, hut ornamental, at high wages, and bo well fed into the bargain. The remainder were engaged at tho following rates, which are nbout the 6ame as previously:-Laundress and kitchen assistant, 10s. per week ; cook and laundress. 10s ; general ser- vant«, from 8s. per week to one at £31 4s. per year ; housemaid and nurse, 8B. ; cook, 16s. ; house and parlour maid, 10s. There was exactly the same number available by the Northbrook a few weeks ago. A word of praise is due to the matron, Mrs. Hicks, who was indefatigable in her endeavours to please both mistress and maid. This lady has had such long experience that her tact and discrimination are almost invaluable to the institution. The entire arrangements connected with the Erato since her nrrival have been ably carried out by Mr. Wist and Mr. Treat. VICTORIA PARK. - The construction of a dwarf wall has been commenced around Victoria Park along the boundary of the Newtown Road. The length of the wall is to be 1600 feet, the stone portion being 18 inches, and the railing 6 feet 6 inches. In design the railings are similar to those around Hyde Park. There will be two entrances, one opposite Myrtle street and the other opposite Cleveland-street. The contractors for the work are Messrs. Stewart and Smith. The total cost will amount to £1620. MRMORIAL OF THE LATE MR. MORT. - A correspon- dent, signing himself " A Workman," suggests the following :-1. That all the working men of the colony contribute one shilling per head to raise a memorial of the late Mr. Mort. 2. That the memorial be useful as well as ornamental, and take the form of a magnificent drinking fountain in carved stone. 3. That the money thus raised be^handed to the Mayor and aldermen of Sydney, is trustees, for the above pur- pose ; with a request that a prominent Bite be chosen for its erection, to wit, the corner of George and Druitt streets, the railing» of the Town Hall enclosure being altered to suit its reception. ACT OP BRAVERY.-A correspondent writes :-" In a sub-leader to-day, you call attention to an act of bravery on the part of Mr. Bellett in saving life. Your remarks on the subject must be endorsed by the inhabitants of all sea ports, but especially by those of Sydney, which is surrounded by water on all sides, wheresuch accidents must be frequent, and your suggestions are consequently invaluable But while willing to admit to the fullest extent the heroic con- duct of Mr Bellett, I think we should not forget, be- cause of its frequency, that of another man WIIOSH name appeared in your'paper lately as saving a life. I allude to Mr. John Butler, captain of the Lavender Bay ferry boat, who has during the last ten years saved the lives of twelve 'or fourteen individuals. Proof of the above statement can be had, and in my opinion, if any slcp3 are taken to reward one of tho,e who thus risk their lives to save others, the renard ought to be extended to all, and ia proportion to their services." NEW SOUTH WALBS PIOEOX AND CASARY SOCIETY. -The usual monthly meeting of the society was held at their room», York-street, on Thursday evening last. The attendance was numerous: After "going through the ordinary business, the president handed over to Mr. Marr, with some appropriate remarks, the trophy won by that gentleman, he having made the most points in the aggregate in the three pigeon flying matches, which were nrranged should be flown for the silver cup ; the second and third prizes were also handed over to Mr. A. Davis and Mr. Allerton respectively. Mr. North then, on behalf of ' the members, presented Mr. C. Freeman, on his retirement from the office of honorary secretary, with a very hand» -omely bound book, as a small token of esteem as well as their appreciation of his efforts for the society's advancement during his term of office Mr. Freeman expressed his gratification at the progress the society had made, and also the expressions of esteem from the members. K. discussion then ensued regard- ing the advisability of having an exhibition of the Fociety's canaries and pigeons. On the motion of Mr. J. Grey, seconded by Mr North, it waa decided to hold one in July next. After three new members were balloted for and three proposed for membership, the meeting terminated. FALSB ALARU.-The reflection of a fire in the direction of Redfern was observed last night by the men on duty at the Brigade station in Bathurst street. An alarm was given, and three engines pro. ceeded thither; but finding nothing to extinguish, returned to their respective stations. THB AMUSBXBNTB.-Certainly, since Easter the most enthusiastic lover of pleasure can have had no reason to complain of the fare provided for them hy- the caterers of public amusement. The Victoria Theatre has continued its legitimate drama: the Royal has given extravaganzas, and has now resolved itself into more serious business ; Baker and Farron's clever absurdity, " Conrad and Lizette,'' has been the Btaple at" the Queen's Theatre; while Mr D'Arcy Read's entertaining Ghost scenes at i *e Gnlld-hall, Thompson's Diorama at the School of Arts, and Spencer's Polytechnic, have given amusements and an agreeable evening to those who do not feïl inclined for theatrical performances. The production of " East Lynne," nt the Theatre Royal, has been a decided success. So far as it was in "the power of an actress, Mrs Scott- Siddons has reduced the sensational element of the play to a minimum, and has given a most ladylike rendering of the part of the unhappy Lady Isabel. Butit is satisfactory to know that "Our Boys has ogain been produced. It was restored last "night with general approval and to a full house. At the Victoria Mr. Cresvvick's Werner was tliî attraction. This evening, however, he returns to the part with which he, introduced himself toa Sydney audience-and which, after all, is one of his best, though it is hard to choose among, BO much that is good-that of Virginius. In this ho will be thoroughly welcome, nnd there should be a crowded house. At the Queen's Theatre last evening " Conrad and Lizette " was played, as an- nounced, for tile last time ; and these very popular actors, Messrs. Baker and Farron, announce " Lisa Eccles," another of their amusing and well-known entertainments, for to-night. The Guild Hall and School of Arts offer great attractions to pleasure seekers ; and to those who admire a display of science it is hardly necessary to say that another billiard match between Mr. Roberts and Mr. Shorter wUl be played at the Masonic Hall this evening. NEW ZEALAND.-The late great¿ Maori meeting is thus spoken of by the Press:-On the 3rd of May the food was distributed, consisting of 19 carcases of beef, 250 bags of flour, a quantity of sugar, and 50 tons of fiotatoes. It is said by thö natjves that'this is the argest assemblage of natives held for many years. It is estimated that some 4000 and upwards are here. It was a great eight to see the multitude carrying the food.with the usual ceremonies- singing, grimacing, and dancing. A largo number of natives aro on duty as policomen. A regular patrol is car- ried on. Their by-laws oro very strict and somewhat ludicrous! It is stated that a re Eorter for one of (lie Auckland papers was en Toute, ut was stopped at Kopua, and requested to return to Alexandra, to await Sir G. Grey's arrival. The King has n ? guard over his quarters, A regular sentry is kept. The sentinels, to relievo the mono- tony, occasionally amuse themselves by firing a shot at a tree. This'brings out'his Majesty, who fires several shots himself, showing that povvder is in no way scarce. It rained here last night up to 9 this morning, which has inado everything very uncom- fortable. The roads are covered with mud ankle deep. Sleep is impossible. The Houses are crammed to suffocation, and card-playing is carried 'em all night. ! 