? GUILD 'REPORTS. SVDNiSST. The half-yearly meeting of the A. IT. C. Guild, Sydney, Avas held in the Guild Hall on Sunday, 28th July, the Rev. P. J. Mahoney (chaplain) in the chair. Mr. W. J. Ferris, Warden of the Parramatta. Guild, was present. The secretary read the half-yearly report and balance-sheet, which were, unanimously adopted. Reference is first nr.ido in the report to the fact that there .is IV KIll'lj HUUl'Iv V'J- .1 LUt.J tlUJlL iJl.lhl. J.O UII 11(111' lj ttlll_l that; the brethren are not buying them as readily as could be Avishcd. The report then goes on to say — ' The last half-year the total amount re ceived AA'iis £1445 2s. 7d., and this half-year it has reached £1.638 2s. lid. Tl'ie increase m the total receipts is mainly due to the large amount received for rent of the hall this half year. Mr. D'Are.y Bead, the proprietor of the Ghost Exhi bition, lias, up to the end of the half-year, paid £272 of the £360 4s. 'received for vent. The remainder paid by that gentleman (which, when added to the £272, will exceed £300) Avi 11 appear in the next half-yearly report. In; every way Mr. Read has been n good tenant during his long stay at the hall, Avhich has extended ? to nearly five months. Passing to the credit side of* the balance sheet, it will be seen that- the'i total amount: paid away was in the. aggregate larger last half-yerir than that paid away.1 in this ^half year. But the payments '* proper 'oibf'-f the. society, viz., those for sickness 'and1' mortuary, donations, have been far in- excess - of ''last.; halt-years. The enormous ^amount' '' ov £309 IDs. lias this half-year ib'eeri:' paid away-: for widows and orphans and mortua-y dona tions, whilst under this ' head last:; 'half-yeari only £137 Avas paid. Tlie money paid ? away for sickness this half-year is larger -than it ' ought to be. The amount exceeds last half-year by i672 12s. 3d. A resolution has been carried to appoint a committee to report upon the best method of re-opening the new Guild Library. A similar motion Avas passed appointing a committee to inquire into the propriety of establishing a Juvenile Guild. The chaplain (the .Rev. P. J. mauonuy^ ji-i- [muilu&uh; uu wuriuiy support/ uiu carrying out. of the above. During the past half year we have lost several old and valued mem bers, among them past Warden Shearer, who did much in his day for the advancement of the society. Six brethren died during the half year, and the AA'ives of nine brethren. During the half-year thirty-four novices were admitted. Reference is then made to the opening of a branch at Mount Carincl, and the solicitor's letter upholding the chaplain's ruling is quoted. This was given in our paper a few weeks back. The report concludes Avitli thanks to the Archbishop and chaplain for the interest they have taken in the society. Then folloAvs the Hall Committee's report. Avhich is very satisfactory. The Audi tors' report, which is a lengthy and most satis factory one, comes next. We extract; a foAv passages:— 'Brethren, — We have much pleasure in in forming you that we have made a very careful and complete audit of the Guild accounts for the past half-year, and desire to express our approval of the very satisfactory and business-like manner in which they have been presented for our inspec tion.' Speaking of the neAV system of books, the auditors (Messrs. Richard C. Meacle and Mark Ronan) say, ' In our opinion, a great and urgent requirement has been met, and a lasting benefit conferred upon the society by the disinterested and arduous labours of the gentlemen who voluntaiily undertook and carried into effect such a thorough reform in the conduct of the monetary transactions of the G-uild. This change has, of course, necessitated a considerable addi tion to the Avork of the General .Secretary, inas much as he is now required to keep a debit and credit account with the members in a separate ledger provided for each of the districts, Avhich IS pOSLCd Up UOIU l'UU UiSUllUL HTR'lill K'S UUOK, and for the correctness of Avhich he is responsible, and avo think it simply justice to Mr. Murray to state here that, so far, the additional labour required of him has been well and creditably performed, and he has evinced a disposition to ensure the success of the undertaking so ably inaugurated by Messrs. b't. Julian and M'Donall. The district secretaries' books, al.-o, we found to } be avcII kept. We must say thai avo think the new system an unqualified success, and it Avill in future considerably lessen the trouble entailed upon the auditors, as well us being in every way more correct.'' The usual vote of thanks to the chaplain and Avarden concluded the meeting. The elections for councillors Avere held subse quently, the following being chosen : — -For St. Mary's District, Messrs, Michael Candrick and Martin Ryan (re-elected) ; for St. Benedict's, Messrs. Smith (re-elected) and M'Intyre ; for St. Patrick's, Messrs. W. Finn (re-elected) and John M'Mahon ; for Kacred Heart, Messrs. Rice and Dunn (re- elected) and J. W. M'Donall ; for St. Joseph's, Mr. T. Larkin (re-elected) ; for St. Augustino's, Mr. Roger Kenriff (re-elected) ; and for St. Leonards, Mr. J. C. Byrne (re-elected). 