TROM $|r Cttrate to tljje fetiktrf : A Narrative belonging to the Nineteenth Contury. by a churchman. CHAPTER XVII. calculations not destined to be disappointed Momentous events often turn on -what we con- aider trifling incidents in our daily history, and Sackville lived to discover that this small matter exercised a vital influence over his futnre career. He soon fonnd himself in close intimaey with the family at the Jlall, perverts- though they were. Sir John was his father's old college friend. Lady Pottinger was extremely affable, hospitable, and kind. Father Curwen was the best of good fellows, a great traveller, a keen sportsman, a charming talker, an excellent boon companion, and not exhibiting the least tinge of religious bigoty. In fact it was said that no one could discover that he was a Papist, much less a Popish priest. To the subject of Protestantism versus Romanism or vice versa he declared he had a decided antipathy, and wondered "why Protestants and Catholics could not let each other alone ; for his part he thought people might as well let their religious differences slumber, and both parties try and cultivate peace and good- will. The foreign tutor, AlphonBus Sforza, was very gentlemanly, but more reserved than the rest, perhaps because he was a foreigner, and had not yet accommodated him self to English modes of social intercourse. The boys were under his charge, Father Curwen occasionally superintending their studies and attending to their religious culture. Sackville could not feel but gratified at the kind reception given him at Sackville Hall, nor help contrasting it with the treatment he sometimes received from certain Protestant families at Heathfield, where he was known from his youth, and might, as he said, have expeoted a more cordial welcome. He did not reflect that It was that long and familiar acquaintance with him which deprived him of the love and respect of the families in the neighbourhood. His father and mother, especially the latler, had taken care in his training that no one should love him but themselves, for, by their absurd and criminal in dulgence of him in his childhood and boyhood, they made him so insufferably selfish, rude, and insolent, that when he grew up he was excluded successively from every respectable house in the parish, i after having in some cases been sub jected to rather humiliating treatment by the male occupants, who resented his conduct and rather forcibly intimated that they could dis pense in future with his company. We can imagine the pain this must have inflicted on his parents, but they had reared him for their own present gratification, as too many parents do, and not for his future welfare or the good of otherB, and now they had the mortification of perceiving that society flung back upon their bands the object of their foolish partiality, in whose domestic culture the feelings and interests of those who compose it had not been taken into account. He rejoiced, therefore, all the more to have the doors of Sackville Hall thrown wide open to him, and he soon found himself in a position to avenge himself of the residents in Heathfield by taking part in a conspiracy against their civil and religious liberties, conducted with the most consummate craft ;and with untiring diligence by. the occupants of the Hall. In fact; the "Hall was a nest, of Jesuits of which Priest Curwen . was the parent bird, and over which he ruled with despotic sway. Sir John Pottinger was a lay brother of the order, a tool in" the hands of the. priest, and his whole family solemnly dedi cated to the interest of the community — that is, to the Pope of Rome, although the society of Jesus, as it is impiously called, did not consider itself at all times bound to maintain the interest of the Papal See in preference to'-its own. Sack ville Hall, while ostensibly rented by Sir John, was realy regarded as the property of the general of the Jesuits at Rome ; of course Sir John paid the rent, but that he did as a faithful brother of the order and devoted servant of the successor of St. Peter. The Hall was intended as a centre of Jesuit . influence. It was selected as such because the circumstances of the parish and neighbourhood were as well known at|Rome as at .Heathfield, or anywhere else in England. They had been accurately described by trnsty emissaries, and exhaustively discussed before action was taken. The views and practices of the vicar of Heath field and of other rectors, vicars, and curates in the diocese were ascertained, also their various shades of Romish proclivity in their sermons and services and thegrowth which they exhibited from year to year in Churchism as contrasted with .Christianity. On a full review of the diocese generally, with the bishop at its head and of the parishes more particularly and their respective incumbents, the Btate of things appeared on the whole satisfactory ; for while tne High Church party were manifestly seen to be moving forward in the right — that is, . the Romish — direction, the Evangelical party were either standing still, not improving their- position in the least, or more or less conforming to the retrogressive practices of their High Church brethren. \- CHAPTER XVIII. evangelicals slumber, but god. has his ; watchmen. Nothing appeared to the conspirators to be so promising as the policy, or rather nopolicy of the' Evangelicals, as they are called, some of them happily deserving the name as both believing and proclaiming the glad tidings of salvation by faith in a crucified and risen Saviour, while others were but little entitled to it. The policy seemed to consist in a simple laissez faire aB regarded the saeerdotal party, and- a nervous abstinence from any course that would appear to endanger the existence of the Established Church. It is this that leads even good men rather to indentify themselves with the most pronounced Ritualists, that is, the most' decided enemies of the Gospel of Christ in the Church of England, than with the most de voted servants: of the Lord Jesus out of it. Abject fear of Dissenting antagonism to the Es tablishment blinds their eyes to the fact that the extreme High Church party are more deadly enemies to the Church than any hi oncomform ing body could possibly be, and that, in making things easy for the retrogressive projects ana practices of the former, they are precipitating with fatal certainty the disaster which they seek to avert. When the nation that fought so hard in past time's and paid so dearly for the Reformation comes to be a little more en lightened as to the designs of Romanisers in this country, it will speak out upon the subject of a National Church, labouring to deprive it of its civil and religious liberties, and to hand it back bound and blindfolded to the tender mercies of Rome. And when that day comes there will be a terrible retribution exacted, not only from the open sympathisers with Romanism but from those also who, pro fessing to be opponents of such a traitorous policy, not only refrained from denouncing those who employed it, but actually admitted them to Christian brotherhood, on the plea that though they were enemies to the Cross of Christ, they were friends to the National Church, thus drawing a broad and dark line of demarcation between the religion of the Church and the religion of Jesus. The appointment of Mr. Bayley to the curacy of Heathfield was hailed at the Hall as an event of no little importance. His antecedents were well known, and his influence in the Parish and parsonage seemed all that could be desired as an auxiliary of no little value in the war to be carried on against Protestant light and liberty. The position also in which he stood with regard to Florence Rumford was viewed as a circum stance of no mean value. Naturally her talent3 and attainments would be enlisted in the service, and could be utilised as they were needed. There was one important fact connected with Florence which did not escape the lynx eyes, of the priest. She had a large fortune in her own right, her military brother having recently died abroad, unmarried, and left to her, as his favourite sister, all that he possessed. This is an element of qualification for Church member ship the Church of Rome never underrates. And then came the weak, yielding character of the vicar, just such a one as clever rogues and im- Sostors love to encounter, especially if they ave a strong idea of their own sagacity and re source, poor Mr. Rumford could not take care of the Church of God, for he could not rule his own house, as the Apostle required a bishop or presbyter of the Church to do. He was in the hands of his wife and daughter, who, with the aid of the curate, would, it was thought, answer for his readiness to be used in the interests of Jesuitism whenever the occasian for such use should arrive. There were, however, difficulties to be en countered, and these the conspirators did not undervalue. Mr. Steele had his eye upon them, and did not hesitate to tell his people that he had his suspicions of them and their move ments. Major Knox openly denounced the perverts from the first, and never could tolerate the priest, whose bland manners and liberal speeches only made him all the more dis trustful of his presence at Heathfield. He knew the cast of Romish priests well from his residence in Italy for some years, and his frequent visits since that to Rome. He could not be persuaded that some sinister object was not connected with Priest Curwen's residence at the Hall, and he predicted with confidence its gradual development; Unfortunately Major Knox was too much Major Knox to be listened to ; that is, he was always so outspoken on the subject of Popery "that he came to be credited with a kind of monomania in connection with . it. So his warnings and vaticinations came to be treated as the ebullitions of a dis ordered- fancy— a view which was tenderly fostered by the priest and his coadjutors. Mr. Golding' aud his daughter were antagonists to; the Romish party by no means to be despised. ' Mr. /Golding had been a great traveller, ' and, like Major Knox, he had seen Popery and its workings in many lands. He was a truly, Christian man, and while perhaps not so well posted up as Maior Knox in the history and literature of: Rome, lie had quite as much detestation of it from its flagrant and daring contradictions to- God's whole scheme of re demption in Christ, and its Satanic jiolicy of transferring the crown of mediatorial sovereignty from the head of the Holy One of God to that of any wretched mortal, however mean, brutish, or debauched, who, by whatever scheming and lying, succeeded in getting himself made Pope, and being called blasphemously the Yicar of Jesus Christ. He had seen with disgust and horror the effects of Papal teaching and tyranny, and he blessed God for the Reformation which had rescued his country from sacerdotal bondage, and thereby exalted her among the nations of the earth. He was not likely to look tamely on at any attempt to bring England again under the Papal yoke, and therefore he was so far a difficulty in the way of Father Curwen and Co. Of Julia Golding's competency to comprehend the situation when clearly brought to her notice we may form an opinion from her controversial interview with the foreigner. A few years before this she had been a member of Mr. Steele's Bible-class. There she was taught not only the the positive but the negative side of Christianity — not only what the Scriptures said but what they did not say — notably the Romish doctrines with which the Holy Ghost was libellously charged, but which she indignantly repudiated. Mr. Steele, knowing what he did of Rome and her tactics as regards England, believed himself charged with the solemn duty of fortifying the minds of bis pupils with at least a general view of the controversy between England and Rome ; and among those who profited most by his in structions on that subject was Julia Golding. This she found very useful in her occasional visits to the Continent with her father, where, through her acquaintance with two or three Continental languages, she was able to converse with some of the poor dupes of the Romish system, and not frequently to their rejection of the foul imposture for the saving truths of the Gospel. She was, however, so little reliant on her own powers that she constantly resorted to Mr. Steele either for information or advice, whenever she had occasion to use the weapons which he had put into her her hands, and which the state of the Romish question in England at the present moment should warn all faithful ministers of Jesus Christ to put into the hands of their, people, young and old, in preparation, for 1 Timothy iii 5. the deadly conflict between truth and error, light and darkness, which is coming on with rapid and certain strides, not only in England, but throughout the world. Then that dear girl Mary Rumford was found faithful enough to be counted a difficulty by the cabal at the Hall. Unweariedly she watched and prayed and protested, but with no apparent sucoess. Her father had been visited with bodily infirmity, and she became his constant companion, reading to him, talking with him, and accompanying him in his walks aud drives when ever disposed to go out. This privilege she highly valued, not only because of her love to her parent, whom she pitied, while compelled to lament and condemn his ministeral unfaithful- ness_ but for the opportunity afforded her of leading the mind of the sufferer to the one glorious subject which filled her own heart — Jesus and His finished work, of which she felt with sorrow he knew so little, and from which he derived no consolation in his hour of pain and weakness. She laboured with assiduity and address, not forgetting to look up for aid. She knew the result depended on the sovereign will of Him in whose hands are the hearts of all men. - and " to whom belong tlie issue from death." CHAPTER XIX. faith and love under a new form. It would seem that the first drops of the coming storm fell in the lower regions of the par sonage world, and poor Jane Hughes was its tirst victim. For several years she and Michael Bennett, the gardener, had been " keeping :coni/ pany," as the saying is, and were several times on the eve of marriage ; but Jane was not quite- satisfied concerning Michael's religious state, ' and so hesitated to commit her hnppiness to his keeping, although earnestly urged i>y him to do so. Then she knew what an important position she occupied in the family, if it was only as a slight check to the advancing tide nf Romanism ana, at all events, as a support to .her dear young mistress, Mary Rumford, who still often resorted to her for counsel and encouragement. But Jane was sincerely attached t > Michael, who in every earthly point of view deserved lier affection, for he was sober, steady,-; and in dustrious, and for hi3 position was- remarkably intelligent. He was an excellent ''gardener, and was often borrowed from Mr. Rumford by neighbouring clergymen and others when need ing the aid of superior taste and skill in the arrangement of their grounds or the cultivation of their gardens ; and as the parsonage grounds were of limited extent,- and did not afford Michael much scope for the exercise of his abilities, Mr. Rumford considered it a pity net- to allow him to take advantage of such invitations to improve his knowledge of horticulture : as re garded both parks aud gardens. Among those who occasionally borrowed his. services was Sir John Pottinger, who had sought-; and been admitted to familiar intimacy with his old college friend, and had |become a frequent visitorjto the parsonage, at times bringing with him the "Protestant priest," as he was called, because of his alleged freedom from all Romish bigotry, the liberality of his sentiments, and the readiness with which he adapted himself to the ways of tho Protestant families that he visited. Michael at first felt a little reluctance to go amongst Roman Catholics, against whom he had a sort of English prejudice common to his class, strengthened probably in his case by what he had heard Jane say of their principles and acts past and present ; but a few visits to tlie Hall served not only to remove his prejudice but to secure in him a defender of Roman Catholics in general, and of those who occupied Sackville Hall in : -particular ; and no marvel, for he always received there the best of treatment, the occupants of the drawing-room and the kitchen vying with each other in their attentions to him by Sir John and Lady Pottinger never allowing him to depart without some substantial re muneration for his services, and a few kind words, which he valued nearly as much. Unfortunately for poor Jane, the cook, Nancy Doyle, was younger and better-looking than she was, and moreover she laid herself out to cap tivate the too susceptible Miebael, who, in his admiration of good looks and gratitude for benefits received, never thought of the Popery that lurked in the fascinating Nancy's heart and would but ill assort with the Protestant principles which he professed, and the simple Gospel truth which Jane sometimes fondly thought she had succeeded in implanting in Michael's mind, and which she hoped and prayed might germinate there to his ultimate conversion to the same gracious God and Saviour whom Bhe loved and strove to serve. But poor Michael had embraced only the religion of Jane Hughes, not that of Jesus Christ, and he was almost as ready, barring the aforesaid little prejudice against Popery, to embrace the religion of Nancy Doyle, for the simple reason that he had none of his own to part with, and was ready, for what appeared to him a good cause, to adopt any other creed as soon as he should be invited to do so ; and Nancy was not the girl, to do her justice, to leave religion out of view, even in ber flirtations and love-makings, although she dearly loved such relaxations from her culinary toils. In fact, she was too much under the fear of Father Curwen to do so, and he was too much of a tactician not to perceive how even Nancy's talent for flirtation could be turned to the account of Mother Church. Under theBe circumstances, Michael's con version to the true Church, as Nancy called it, was an event requiring neither much time nor much labour to bring about; nor was there much theology expended on it ; indeed, it wa3 not required, for, after a few shotB from Nancy's bright eyes, Michael surrendered at discretion, and one more subjeot was ready to Bwear fealty to the Sovereign Pontiff. Michael was baptised in the new chapel which Sir John had erected in connection with the Hall ; and now he was ready for any use to which the Jesuit junta, sitting in solemn counoil, might decide on putting him. As to his steadfastness in the new faith, or, more properly, the new form which he had embraced, that might well be left to the care of Father Curwen, who knew how to work the confessional so effectually that it would be easier for a half- dead fly to escape from the meshes of a spider's web than for tne most sceptical .member of his flock to disengage himself from ' the . .coils which ho drew around him; j Psalm Uviii. 20. The grief, the mortification of poor Jane may be imagined when Bhe learned the step which Michael had taken. It seemed very hard to her that an attachment of so many years' duration should thus be abruptly terminated ; and, worse than all, that the man in whom she trusted, and who had so often professed andying affection, should surrender himself body ami soul into the handi of a daughter of Belial: whose only recommendation was a pair of black eyes, a smooth skin, and a bantering tongue ; aud then that to win such a worthless woman he should renounce the religion of his fathers, and do such despite to the Gospel of God's grace, of which at least he had a kind of theoretic knowledge, by exchanging it for tho foul idolatries and gross imposters of Popery — that went far to break her heart. . . Michael, as was natural, kept out of Jane's way as long as he could, but Jaue was de termined to see and reason with him about the fatal step be had taken. So,' seeing hiih in the garden one evening when the family were out taking a drive, she went boldly out and stood before him. There was a time when liis eyes would have sparkled with. pleasure at the sight of his beloved Jane, but tliat:'tiine was gone. Michael, like , manv others before him, had played the' traitor to "his 'affianced, and to his God, and the bitterness of : soul which he now felt was evident in the vain attempt to appear unconcerned at Jane's presence. " Michael,'' began Jane, (Rtorniineil to come to the point at once, " I have heard all, and I am not come ri'ow to upbraid you --with" your; treatment of me. I might say that I did not", think- that our - courtship i. f so many \ ears' standing could be' .brought to an end so quickly/ ' hut it to-useless to speak of limb n-iw." Here-. : ' Jane wiped . awav ton-. " I suup >se that what is. done cannot be li nd'one ; but, Michael, you: have a soul to be saved or lost, and however- cruelly you have served; me, I have felt too. much for your welfare here aud heieafter. aiid. ' I h ive pra veil for you too often, not to feel how- dreadful is the step you have taken and how' awful is your state before God " ,(- It was rather a relief .to Mi hael that Jane -ha-l so soon entered on the religion aspect of the case. His heart was not yet sufficiently hardened towards her to bear her reproaches for his sudden desertion of her after so manv years, of devotion on her i/.part, ' and tho many assurances lie had given her of liis un ihangcable love. He knew how terrible a blow he had! inflicted : on her, ami hoiv cruelly he had. shattered all those bright hopes of wedded! happiness which lie had helped her to emoody in that future to which they . had looked forward! as the consummation of their earthly desires.. EEo had thought before now. not.' without remorse, of what that future would be. under lie!" altered circumstances to Jane, and at; times lie -wished that, the events of the last few- months could be recalled, and that lie had never- entered the Hall kitchen, or encountered the too fascinating Nanoy Doyle ; but another visit': to the fatal kitchen dissipated the contrite? feeling, and Nancy resumed her sovereign sway. "Of course, Jane," Michael replied, "you. don't like' my change of religion ; but you say you wish for my happiness, and that has made, me happy. I feel happier now than I ever did before." "And what makes you feel happier now,. Michael?" ' ' Because I now feel what it is to be religious. Before I tried to bo religious, but could not be. I read the Bible, and said my prayers, but I never felt any more- religious for all that." " And what," Jane asked, "have you found in your new religion better than in the old to- make you feel more religious and more happy ?" " Well, Jane," answered Michael, resting on- his spade, and getting bolder' as the conversa tion advanced, - " you see I understand things better. When I read the Bible for myself I did not understand it, and although I often said yes when you tried to explain things to me,. I only thought I saw them ; and as for Mr.. Rumford's sermons, they always sent me to sleep, and Mr. Bay ley's were no better ; but in tlie Catholic chapel I see everything for myself. There is the blessed Saviour hanging on the cross, and there iB the Holy Mother of God " — here Michael crossed himself devoutly— " with a crown on her head and the Holy Child in her arms ; and there are the apostles and other- saints of God for yon to look at ; and then you- see a real altar and real priests, Hot sham ones? as they have in the parish church ; and wheni you go into the chapel and see these things,, and people kneeling before the holy images, you feel that religion is a real thing, and you cannot help kneeling down and praying like the others." "You have read the New Testament,, Michael," said Jane, calmly, " and you know if there is anything in that Book of God about these things. Neither Christ nor His apostles ever had images, or recommended them to others ; and then yon know that having them and bowing down to them is contrary to the command of God. You know tne second oom- mandment says, 'Thou shalt not make unto thyself any graven image, nor the likeness of ' anything that is in heaven above or in the earth beneath. Thou shalt not bow down to them nor worship them.' I am told that the - Roman Catholics leave that commandment out of their Catechisms, lest their people should discover that God had forbidden the images which they see set up in their chapels, . and that in bowing down to them they were committing idolatry. "The CatholicB are not idolaters, Jane," said Michael, rather indignantly, "though Pro- - - testants say they are. They do not worship the images, only them they remind them of. They are not Buch fools as to worship wood and. stone." To be Continued. An Irish wake over the body of a dead friend is one of the most curious of entertainments. Plenty of rum is a necessary ingredient, and a wake frequently, if not generally, results in broken heads. During a recent wake in this city, John Conroy interrupted the haimony.of' ' the proceedings by remarking that hie .' could whip the entire crowd. John' Delaney .rebuked him, ' whereupon Conroy knocked him down and. bit his nose off. Judge Kasmire committed!. Conroy in default of £200 bail. 