ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; After its being closed for a fortnight, Mr. Tavares re-opened the Princess's last Satur day night, with the comedy of " The Overland Route" and a new company. That is to say, a company which, although consisting of ladies and gentlemen who, for the most part, are known to the public of this city, appeared for the first time altogether. And it is a good company; for, besides Mr. and Mrs. Tavares, whose merit is of a declared kind, and who, therefore, need no present commendation, and Mrs. Wooldridge, Miss Foley, and Mr. Wallace, who are the remnant of the com pany previously there, we have Mr. W. G. Carey, whose position, also, is an assured one; Mr. Belton, whose long experience should give him a noticeable position; Mr. Poole, who, yon will remember, made him self a signal favourite six years ago at the Opera-honBe; Mr. Metcalfe, whose profes sional career favourably commenced in Mel bourne about 10 years ago; Mr. Griffiths, who showed ability worth bearing in mind at the Opera-house a few weeks since; Mr. Martin rorae, a most usetui and painstaking member of any com pany ; Mr. Dias, who belongs to the early days of the Melbourne drama; Miss Lily Forde, who has given good assurance that she has some of the qualities which help an actress mtoapermanentposition,circumstances being favourable; and several others whose useful abilities may be vouched for. And the manager has earned his claim to the confi dence of the public, both because he is a good actor, and in that he has had experience foe some years in the colonies in the business of conducting a theatre; he is wishful to provide such entertainment, for the public as shall make his theatre .free from any possible objection which can be brought againBt dramatic entertainments, both generally and for any particular reason ; also, he desires that his audience shall be made comfort able, so far as the means to.doso may nerve this end. Thus he has provided that, in the hot weather, the roof shall be irrigated, so as to lower the temperature. And he has put np two pretty fountains inside the building with the same object, and he: contemplates erecting a balcony at the south end, with access by three doors from the dress-circle. And, so far as managerial.supervision may accomplish it, all undesirable persons—that is to say, all obviously undesirable persons—are to be. excluded. And, parenthetically, I wonld, observe that if this measure of undesirable ness could be made to extend to those people who go to the theatre to talk, and not to see and listen,; it would be a good thing in the interests of those who do. Among many things that are vexing, there ate few things more vexing to anyone who really wishes to give his attention to what is going | on .upon the stage, than tp be obliged tolisten; tp the magpie-chattering of those unendur able lack-wits, who, ,in addition to having no, souls of their bwn^have so plenjifnl alack bf: manners> that ' they ate quite' inditfeibhtio, the annoyance iher cause to thoeewhbhave.j If I were a manager, «pd the *yeJl-mfcnneredj( .j^rtion of my audienpe wgre sutyected to ir ritation of thiskbd, IwrmM i—^-^5 tam, and announce that it wasT* tbe<% talkative persons to finish'all say to each other, and that SZS**4* finished, the performance wl»l?i?e5r had so If it was found that their ctavil^ resum«i sation was so uimppeaaabKffi i^er. still go on chattering, I think it y be only fair to all the rest of tW0*'1^ request them to go out e au<lience iio was played in Melbourne aXe'fif1 ifc Koyal, in 1860, not long after itatSS beat» London. The cast thSffl^ Sir William Don, Mr. Bobm* rr^y ^ Phillips, and others who^ did others who ere »„», of never returning. The cnmJ^ - ^ then much liked, principally^^ ^ member, because it had no nlot iL *!* of. I suppose this objecZn sfllW fc. it, b«t, Jthoogh labour unto this diaahJZ^,. the compensating advantage ofTju L^ ■is^r^di.oito.t.^.SC^ if not brilliant, is bright enough to Je 1 interesting to any one who has inteE, and good manners sufficient to promct him to give his attention to it. S»K," there is is briefly told. A P. and 0 steam?* is wrecked on a coral-reef on her hom^S voyage.from India. The incidents of Z life occupy the two first acts, and thesomt what comically colonredhardships of wrecked passengers supply material for the third anfl last act The leading character is ayounv surgeon, whom circumstances have compelled to travel in the steerage, but whom, other circumstances — that is to say the illness of the regular surgeon—have promoted to the cabin. Here, his force of character and the geniality of his natnre, procure for liim many duties which do not strictly come within the compass of his pro fessional functions. He becomes the virtual head of the little community, and exercises that sort of influence which all persons of clear head and strong will invariably do among those with whom they are brought into contact. Thus, he finds among the passengers the wife of his most intimate friend, and as she is passing herself off as a widow, and carrying on a somewhat risky flirtation, he interposes his counsel to pre vent mischief, and succeeds. As an adjuster of disputes, he is a recognised authority; he clears up mysteries by recovering docu ments at the risk of his life, which also he imperils, as if he did not value it in the least, in saving passengers when they Ml overboard. In short, he is just the man for good men to like, and for all women to adore. Part of the intention of the author, I think, waB to show how really genuine worth always is developed under adverse cir cumstances; and thus we find that, when the steamer is wrecked, women who, up to that point, were apparently only things for men to flirt withal, become heroines of the Florence Nightingale type, while your self asserting men are reduced at once to a con dition of helplessness. There is a comic episode, of course. A man who has been separated several years from his wife, finds that he is on board the Bame ship with her, and as he has taken the cabin, and is passing under the name of another man, concerning whom a detective is inquiring, he very naturally gets wrongfully arrested. Thecom* plication is increased by his getting by mis take into his wife's cabin, and being by her mistaken for a ghost, and being challenged for this supposed insult by a Bobadil warrior who has made the lady, BuppoBed to be a widow, an offer of his hand. It will be seen, therefore, thatalthoughtheplotis slight, there are distributed through the piece, a number of incidents and situations sufficient to pre vent any flagging. Moreover, the fun warms steadily towards the end, and when the cur tain falls, there is left a pleasant impression, which makes you feel that you have not lived during the previous three hours in vain. Of the acting, in saying that a good deal of the success of such a piece must necessarily de pend upon the acting, and in saymgi that there could be no doubt that the piece did succeed, it follows, of course, that muctt may be said in consideration of the act ing. Mr. Tavares, as the young surgeon, Tom Dexter, showed how well he ca adapt himself to the representation o£ parts belonging to the „medy. Ht& wife, who, for the time, has to enjoy the prices of ft wulow, thoroughly in her element Shelve the notion of a light-hearted wo herently good, whose faults *Lsever&i; to forgive,-without persuasion, , m reasons that they ore all -there are very-few of them, an outnumbered by many virtues, g on a coral reef , was *in|noBr had a of a true woman. Mr- P®®® . of the gro good outlet in tbe_deve P 0f the tesque fun belonging defaulter, runaway busband and siupp ^ 8itutttions He brought the absmdity pror0cative to a very high point ofnsibteP ^ ^ neBB, and yet without _ 0f Beiring prieties. Mr. Poole , j, ;ng the g»oat upon a slight incident ^ but all A® of it to illustrate the si ' .t ^p0n the time without eeemmgtofo£ed ^ ^ attention. Mr-^ especial opportunity ^ that the part he .waft riot in f^tter'cliance. ® aiths; but'beba4_h» /tomnnntrating a' demonstrating m*., _ caheeadilyadapfhimsrif toanypart "«. this I take to be ooe of jAebeit tw18 ®' acting-power* Mr. Wallace, as »ou may suppose, was quite in his proper place as an elderly gentleman of official ante cedents, and a certain measure of personal dignity therefrom arising. Mr. Belton's Bobadil Major may pass without comment; Mr. Metcalfe's lisping swell was an average sample of the stage Dundreary, neither better nor worse than such artificial inventions are; Mr. Griffiths, lately of the — «mnanv. as the Steward, ap wu„nHe company, aa m ^ Siself possessed of uBeful powers; 10111 ,' nhnflftn • Miss Lily Forde, as a young n!?v of agreeably indefinite qualities, made -hie indefiniteness quite acceptable; "®S£ Foley, with a somewhat indistinct as a stewardess, acquitted herself as ® „ « without being unreasonable, you '• ht expect her to acquit herself. The was played three nights, and as all new, it will be admitted, mi d some of the stage details were of the Inferential order, that as much of Preparation Tade as the circumstances justified. JTJ&X;, "®» tor Seaafcl" °t ft, place of "The Overland Ronte,'' !nd Mr and Mrs. Tavares repeated their Iformance of the characters of Sir Peter ^y Teazle. Of the rest, Mr. Wallace well filled the part of Sir Oliver; Mr. Carey would have appeared to better advantage in Joseph if he had dressed it more fittingly; Mr Belton's Charleswas surprisingly airy and juvenile; Mr. Poole doubled satisfactorily for Crabtree and Moses; Mr. M. Forde showed to advantage as Rowley; Mr. Metcalfe did useful work as Backbite and Bumper; Mr. Griffiths understood what to do to make Trip occupy his right place; Mr. Dias made a most excellent Snake ; Mrs. Wooldridge's Mis. Candour was quite refreshing for its real old comedy air; Miss Foley, if a minia ture edition of Lady Sneerwell, was a very good edition; and Miss Mayor, who recently played Maria very well at the Academy, re peated it on this occasion. To-night a melo. drama, with the title of " British Born," will be given for the first time. "Henry V." was played at the Theatre Royal for the last time last night, and to nignt Mr. Wybert Reeve, who has arrived somewhat after his time in the Chimborazo, will make his first appearance in Melbourne. Mr. Reeve will play the part of Count Fosco in Wilkie Collins's " Woman in White," a character in which he has achieved some success in the old country. Of " Henry V." thus: up to a [day or two ago, it was not improbable that it would have migrated to the Princess's, but after negotia tions had proceeded nearly to the point of settlement between Mr. Rignold and Mr. Tavares, they were broken off, and it was thenarranged, between the Royalmanagement and Mr. Rignold, that " Henry V." should rest for awhile, and be reproduced during the Cnp week, at the Theatre RoyaL During this period Mr. Rignold will take a benefit, and will appear in a little comedy by Herman Merrivale, and as William in " Black-eyed Susan." At the Opera-house "Henry VIIL" was continued until Tuesday night. On Wednes day, " Hamlet" was played for the first time at this theatre. Mr. Creswick never acted better in the character, and all the rest of those concerned in the cast appeared to make efforts pari passu according to their lights. At the Academy,.on Saturday night, a play with the title of " The Mavis, or the Story of a Poor Girl in Sydney," was produced for the first time in this colony. It seems com pounded of parts taken from several plays, and ity moral probably is that no man should drink intoxicating liquor if he cannot ayoid taking too much. I believe it appeared originally in a French form at the Porte St. Martin theatre, with the title of" La Belle du Faubourg," and was considered by the French critics a good moral drama. I am told that it really supplied the material for several other dramas of a like class; notably " Janet Pride," for which Mr. Boncicault got the credit of originality. It is unquestionably a temperance play, for the hero is a drunkard ^becomes Perfectly reformed in the fifth act, but before the fifth act is reached he OBeshiB situation, illtreats his wife, steals e money she has saved up to get her sick by cured, plays skittles with disrepntable acquaintances when he should be at work, driveB his wife to the desperate ttnemity of taking her baby to a foundling Pital, from the door-step of which, how ^ atolen by the dark villain of the endu °£,t'ie P^Pose of serving his own J,, Tbe agony ia further added to i a lnnnf t^a,r<^'8 wife' baing ; taken to | child !wbeP recognises her rant wbere she goes as ser formo. k-6 ^fpkard, as I have said, re asvlmn ® is rescued from the lunatic is cwL*- r.ecovera her child; the villain captS ^d ™a°rcrimes. and goes into irise io V Justice, poetical and other said £ „ ■ *8n*nUr- The play may be And thfi hV aome flavouring of humour. of one I Vw ,emdon' who Plays the part who take wfao abbor labour, and and skittle- JPe^8ttre *n unlimited beer his drunltAn drunkard, who begins tiesa, n ja ' with realistic distinct Flay; bnt ^'aapB, not a pleasant part to inalit^ of teri^yS 88 Httle °f the infuse ]nf£u.™ene88 88 ^ la possible to ^ ill-used but eventually done fa ImtMk8 sufficient justice; Wi8s Ba»fcttce, who by her To%to'hi"^erl^9feetiyie*pressive ^ fiWdfr ,,the character, V*6*' ^edVhy lia « ^u^tio^bfe if W in"-: an actoi'a motives, and he certainly was amusing. Miss Dixon played a pretty little thing with no apparently exact mis sion. Miss Pelham was also an ill treated wife, but different socially from the other wife, and she sustained the ill-UBage with much dignity. Of the rest there is not much to be said. They chiefly ministered to the ministrations of the more principal characters, 'and did their duty fairly enongh. The scene of the play is understood, as the title infers, to be Sydney, but if 1 had not been told it was Sydney I should have supposed it to be some old city in England, Chester for example, judging by the architecture. However, I suppose we must not be too exacting on the score of the setting, under the circumstances. The U.S. Minstrels are varying their per formances at St George's Hall most agreeably. Their resources, if not inexhaustible, are at any rate very plentiful. At tire popular concert at the Town-hall on (Monday night, Mademoiselle Duboin ap peared again, and repeated some of her per formances, to the obviously unmixed satis faction of the audience. Miss Wangenheim, also, Bang again, and proved that the oftener Bhe is heard the better she is liked. Miss Jukes was heard with satisfaction; Mr. Moroney did good service with his excellent voice, and Mr. Sykes, on the organ, did good service also. Next week, I believe, a won derful little pianiste, Miss Ada Willett, is to play. She is only ten, and, besides her musical accomplishments, she is very beautiful. She is a native of Ball&rat;, and has had no in struction out of that city. I thinkTshe will evoke great interest. On Wednesday, at the Athensaum, a per formance having the title of " D'Arcy Read's Ghost, or the Newly-invented and Wondrous Spectrescope," was presented for the first time in Melbourne. It is a mistake, however, to call it " newly- invented," because it is apparently what is known as Pepper's Ghost, which has been before the world 15 years at least; and we have had exhibitions of it on several occasions in Melbourne, the last occasion being at St. George's-hall, when our old friend the Fakir was last with us. So far as the illusion is concerned, it has not the ad vantage of the Fakir's exhibition, and, in respect of dramatic framework, the Fakir's ghosts had certainly very considerably the advantage of these ghosts. Moreover, nothing can well be more depressing than the many coloured bed-curtains which are made to do duty as a proscenium, and the depression is increased by an intolerable smell, of what seems to be kerosene, but which, I am in formed, is the "chemicals" used for the pro duction of the illusion. Altogether, I should think it would require much ghost en thusiasm to induce one to go to see these ghosts a Becond time. Messrs. Foster and Martin have produced five photographs of Mr. Rignold in the cha racter of Henry the Fifth. They are among the best, if not the very best, Messrs. Foster and Martin have ever done. TAHITE. 