SCENE II. EVENIXO is drawing near, Lut tho black- ness of hor robes is not all lior own. Tho lost man maries tho gathering gloom and is uneasy. "Winter is near-ho knows tho treachery of tho season and all tho" dangers of tho first groat snow storm. Alas ! wily did ho venturo ? Gold, for whioh all risk lifo, tempted him. His fagged steed moves his ears to and fro uneasily turns and snuffs toward tho wost. There is woight, moisturo, in tho gloom. Undecided, tho lost man looks abont hiin. lake tho sea, tho deep siloneo roars in his oars. Now frag- ments of clouds, slow moving, approach and creon along tho ground eloso besido hun. Dusk rises, threatening np from her lair in tho near abyss and stands boforo him. Sho strotchos hor shapeless arms about tho baso ojF tho mountains ; hor terrors glido along tho low ravines, skulking from bush to bush. Whoro shall tho lost man tura P Hark I n liouso dog bays from vtho stop of lus master's oabin ! Was that tho homo-liko thiklo of a cow-boll P Ah ! no ; thoBO ' aro sounds that bolong miles on milos bolow, moro than a day's joumoy away. Echoing memory for a momout oboated him. Hist 1 What is that %vldoh, Uko tho long-drawn sigh of tho ghost, breathes through tho siloueo F How trulokly thc Uwt man turns and peers into tho gloom bohind him 1 Pshaw !1 'twas but tho voioo of the wind, , awed to a whUrpor-robukod by the dread Îiresonoo of Slloucc. 'Twas but tho wind io folt it on his ehook-yot, iu that ono timid 'whisper it said much to him. . He under- stood and shuddered. His horse dropped his head still lower and shook his shaggy sides until the pack on his hack clattered again. The poor beast understood what was whispered by the breeze. There waa no snow- on his back--not yet-but the horse know what waa meant by the wind. The clatter of the pack was not loud-would not havo been at another place-but the lost roan started and looked quickly about him ; ho feared that the huge peaks standing around might be startled into lotting fall the gToat rooks lying in their laps. At last tho lost gold-hunter mores. Driving his weary horse before him, he gazes earnestly at what looks Uko the black shadow of a oloud-a small dark spot many miles away. It is a grove of living trees that he sees-a grove of firs in a mountain gorge far bolow. Bugged aro the ways of the wilderness and the feot of tho weary find many stumbling places. Weary is tho lost man ! weary the boast ho urges ! Bruises rebuke his haste, and stubborn shrubs roar their antlered hoads and avenge on his flesh and garments his every display of contempt for them. Tho wind whispers mora hoarsely and boldly along the rugged ground. It is yet far to thq grove-to where tho fir trees stand silent and: dark. Timidly the lost man glances upon tho heaped and distorted rocks as he hastens past them. He is foolish to bo afraid. There are no faces looking at him over jagged tops-no faces pooping from their dusky chinks. How dark it grows ! Who can now soe tho tops of tho hoary poaks around-whoso eye look into the darkness at their feet. ? Soon the gnomes of tho mountain hills will bo abroad, the ghosts of tho dead races walk ! Tho lost- man puts his hand quickly to his check ; ho gazes up in foar at the gloom in tho sky, urges his horso in a hoarse, hurried voice, for he hos just felt tho fall of tho first snow flake. His strained eyes have still in view tho dark clump of firs, but it is far, far to thou? shelter. 