APOSTQLIG OKDER ; .. , ?. A Sermon preached at the Consecration of the Bishop op Waiapu, in St. John's Church, Kapier^jN'.Z. By William Garden Cowie, D.i)., Bishop op Auckland. /'Take heed, therefore,, unto ? yourselves, and to all the flock, over, which . the Holy Ghost hath made' you overseers, to. feed the flock of -God, which He hath purchased with -His own blood,'— ACTS xx. 28. ? ... These are the words of the apostle St. Paul,' spoken in farewell to the presbyters or elders of -tire Churoh of Epliesus- : He calls them bishops or overseers ; of ; the l people dbtamitted to their charge. Clement of Rome also, in a letter written about the year a.d. 95, speaks of presbyters-^-th'ose whom we how call priests— as bishops; but afterthistime we do riot find the names bishop and presbyter applied indifferently to the same persons. Ignatius, who wrote about the year a.d. 107, on. his Wayto martyrdom, says — ' I give my life for those who are obedient to the bishop, to presbyters, to deacons,' and he always speaks of the bishop as the chief officer of the church. During the last thirty years of the first century, that Ab, between the destruc tion of Jerusalem and the death of the apostle St. John, the government of the church seems gradually to haye taken definite form; and what that form was is ? a matter of historicai,research and not of theological disputation. In the first days of Christi anity, after the ascension of ; our Lord, the apostles themselves Were the ' Superintendents: of the ' churches, .exercising ' their authority in person or by letter or message1; -'but as the corigre gatioris' becahie more numerous and 'widely scattered, the visits of an apostle to any one of them would become rarer, 'and his personal superintendence less efficieht/ ' Accordingly, we find the apostles, at critical seasons and in important congrega tions, delegating some trustworthy disciple, who should fix his abode in a given place, and direct the affairs of the church there. Thus Timothy was instructed by St. Paul to remain at Ephesus, and Titus was left by him in Crete to ordain elders in every citv. St. James; the Lord's brother, is represented as the Bishop of Jerusalem, in the sense '? in which we now use the word, by the writers in the middle of the second century ; that is, he did not travel about as an evangelist or missiohary, but remained in the holy city. ' On the death of St. James, Symebn was appointed in his place; and.of the successors of Symeoh a. complete list is preserved by Eusebius, who wrote about the year a.d. 340. ' in the epistle of Ignatius, written a few; years after ; the. 4eath of St. John, all the Asiatic churches appear provided with bishpps ; and early in the second century, by the concurrent testimony of writers of that age; ' the episcopal offi.ce 'was 'firmly and widely established.' ? - ^ ? ; : : v . ? ?. ?? V' .?-.,: '???? ' Episcopacy,' says the learned and judicious Dr.. Lightf opt, '?'is so inseparably interWoven with all the 'traditions and belief s of men like Ireneeus ''.? .' '. '-! (Whowas certainly born and 'pro bably had1 grown up before i the nliddle of the second century) arid Tertuilian, that they betray no knowledge of a ti^e^heri it was not.' ' While every other point of doctrine or practice was eagerly canvassed, the form of church, government alone seems scarcely to have come, under discussion ; and the maiurer forms of episcopacy are seen first in those regions where the latest surviving : apostles (more especially St. John) - fixed their abode, and at a time when its prevalence can. not be dissociated from the influence of their sanction.'- '!We are able,' says Irenaaus, 'to enumerate those who have been appointed by the apostles bishops inLthe' churches, and' their successors down tb our own tiriie' (Ep;'iii. 31). 'The. three-fold ministry bf the church, can thus be traced to apos'tblic direction ; ; and short !p'f 'an express statement Ave can possess no better assurance 01 a divine appointment, or atleast.a divine sanction.' ' The historical facts to which I have referred, though they be nbt a tithe of what might be adduced in support of, th'e form of government which our church has inherited, are more than sufficient to r -justify- the opening words of 'the preface to the Ordination Services in our Book of Common Prayer. ?? We' there read ^ ' It is ! evident to all men' diligently : reading the' Holy Scripture ;and-: ancient axxthorsj that' from' ' the I '-' apostle's7 time thfere-have beeri: theSe brders of ministers in Christ's Church I ' Bishops, Trie'sts/arid Deacons. Which ^ offices' were ^verril'orehad in such ^ revererid estimation that no man might presume to execute any of them except he w.ere first called, tried, examined, and known to have such qualities as are requisite for the same :. and also by. public prayer, with imposition, of hands, were approved arid admitted thereto by lawful authority.' . . :: ; ?: ;;,:???..??: ?: ;, '??';?? ? The ' reverend ' estimation' in which; the Bishop's: office. was held in the 'first ages' of the church may be gathered -from the writings, of two of; ! the;earliest ? fathers;1 IgnatidB and Irenseus. Ignatius 'wrote 'his iepistl6S, as' already stated/' about 'the year A';;D.107, on' his wav'to riiarfrvrdoml' ' -'To' him'' fhe! ohmf ? valno of- episcopacy lies in this, that it constitutes a' visible centre 'of tinit^.mthe^cprlgregatibri.,1 'cHaye a' care of Juriity; than which ?:r(ot^mg;is'.;;better,^:he^ w^ of Smyrna., '^ ' Let ..nothing.. b'e ..done. 'Tyithout thy consent, and dp Jlibu nothing without the ,' consent, of ,'Grod.'.! Ignatius '..believed, that episcopacy %^s th&^pjfid of unity, and, unity the safety o£, the 'chw9^!J.:J-.--Ajgl-J:;^e.,-nT!»y confidently appeal to history; . from* the1 i.daya'* pf ^Ignatius , t6v the -present time, ' in! sup port: oh his^opinibn.'. 'iNpt\vithstaridingvihe;iain0ntabl6.'divisioris houf—divisioris sometimes resulting from the unscriptural abuse of ''the 'episcopal office, -sometimes from the exaggeration of its authority pv the neglect of ite' responsibilities— episcopacy has proved '-'a security for good discipline and harmonious working in the church;' and qur own church in New Zealand bears living testimony to the fact. ' ': '?'Irenzeus had- been trained under Poly carp, who had himself listened to St.; Johnl He valued episcopacy chiefly as the depositbry of apostolic tradition. 'If you wish,' he argued, '?to ascertain the doctrine of the apostles, apply to the church of !;the' apostles.' In the. succession of bishops tracing their \- descent from the primitive age and appointed ' by the apostles 'themselves/ you have a guarantee' for the transmission of the 1 jjiire faith, 'which no isolated, upstart, self-constituted teacher ? can furnish. ' ' . '. 'V There is the Church 'of Smyrna, whose Bishop Pblycarp, the disciple of St. John, died .only the other day.' Here, too, we may appeal to the 'belief of Christendom at ? the p'resent ' time— notwithstanding the human ' accretions ?Jflth 'whidh' the' ancient creeds' of the church' are in some cases ?grjeyousl^' overlaid— in support of the fact that:; with the un broken entail of episcopacy, 'has been preserved in its entirety ' the' faith once for all delivered tb the saints' !' ' ? - ' ? ' ' ? ? y.' Of the extension of Christ's kingdom, in the world in cbn nexioiiwith a due increase of the episcopate, ''I-have not now titne to' Speak. All who are acquainted:' with the ? history ? of ?'?' the Church of England, and the bhurclies'in communion with her, 'during the last two hundred years, are- aware of the connexion : Between ?' apostolic ' ordpr ? arid : church life,' and between the neglect of that order and spiritual lethargy. The' compara tively small number of those in communion with us in the United States of America at the present day is a standing memorial of the listlessness of the 'English Church in the seventeenth and eighteen centuries; when bur people 'in the American colonies were for political reasons denied the centre of unity \ which, episcopacy affords ; '.and, on the other hand, we have before our eyes, in this land of our adoption, an instance of what may be expected when the church's organisation is complete. It is little more than sixty years since a solitary clergyman of our church, moved by the true spirit of a missionary, visited the North-east coast of... this island from Australia for the purpose of bringing the gospel to the Maori race ; and now, in the six dioceses into which the ; original Diocese of New Zealand was, by the zeal and self-devotion of her first illustrious Bishop, subdivided, we have more than 170 clergy, of whom the great majority are maintained almost entirely by the weekly offerings of the congregations. v '. . ? ' ,„ .How .seriqus are the, consequences to a diocese when its ,'br'gaiiisation remains for any time incomplete, has been taught by. sad experience to the people of this Diocese of Waiapu during the. interval that has elapsed since the resignation of their first greatly-revered Diocesan. ? : rWe'al'e a;bout to join to-day in the solemn act of completing -^~'^;.t&e.;:organisatioii-of--tne church in this divisionof the ecclesiastical \- . province; after the manner observed in such cases in primitive times. A 'great doctor and bishop of the church in the fifth century (Leo the Great, Ep. ad Hpisc. Vienn.) said on this sub ject^'He who is to preside over all ought to be chosen by all ;' and Cyprian, Bishop of Carthage, in the third century, wrote, 'At the institution of a bishop, the neighbouring bishops of the , .same province come together, and the election takes place in the 'presence of the people to:wKoin the bishop is to be given.' ' 'In this way,' he continues, ' Bishop Sabinus was elected in. Spain by the suffrages of all the people and of the bishops present, and was cohsecrated_by imposition1 of hands. ' According to Cyprian, towards the middle of the third century it was regarded as a divine ordinance that a Bishop should be elected by the com munity, and consecrated by the laying on of hands. Adhering strictly to the custom of the Catholic Church in the third and fourth' centuries, our ' brother ' whb: is about to be consecrated \- Bishop of this diocese has been freely and unanimously elected by the clergy and the faithful 'laity of the diocese; and the bishops who will admit him to' this 'office, by the imposition of their hands, were themselves duly consecrated ,by other 'bishops. .Our .church thus preserves, and has preserved, the uninterrupted succession of episcopal ordination, and has ever been' careful to ^ observe the. essential forms of Catholic consecration, in order ' Jih^.po^ doubts may ever be reasonably entertained as to its regularity. ' ., ?';'. , '' ' ?-? But let not the. laity of the diocese think that their- part in carrying on the work of the church is done when they have given their voice for the election of a bishop. The same Cyprian whom I have already quoted, speaks of the 'imperishable majestyof the faithful people, united in the church.' Let the laityof a diocesenever forget that they equally with fche clergy C;03^t.i*ute the 'royal priesthbbd' which Christ has consecrated ^?'Hiniself ; and that they cannot delegate to another, whoever he may^ be, the trust which Christ has committed to them. -As ^parish i priest is the persona, the. parson or representative of the. parish, so is .the bishop the persona (in some1 respects) of the : diocese ; but the bishop alone, without the co-operatibn of the ] clergy and laity, can np.more' %duiiain Christ's/ battle .in the world than a general, without an; army can resist the enemies of - nia;cduntry-^f':sNoi-me^^ife .p^ffici^nby qti the part of the Bishop i; and clergy will make up for inefficiency on. the part 6f the laity ; iil doing their share^ of the* church's work: But; we should be lowering the1 office i of a bishop1 indeed if we ; were to 'associate with it the'ideasof government and jurisdiction only' '.Sfc'Paul had in his mind much more than' this, -when' he said to timothy^ Whom he ' left at Ephesiis, ' Keep that which is'1' committed^ to thy trust.' Timothy was tfo rule and teach; those confuted' to him; to arrange the solemnities of 'worship' to watch (6fet' the purity of the' doctrine taught, and ' himself to appoint 'trust- Worthy men for preaching it, to ordain Bishops and deacon's, to judge of the qualifications of men for church offices, and riot in haste to 'lay his hands'' on any man. V: ;-?;-:-(. -ir. ' This authority to ordain by the laying on of hands is; 'as you laiow, ' limited to the episcopal office; In the fourth ce'htury the great Jerome says, 'What is there that the bishop1' does which the presbyter- might not do, except ordain 1' St.' Paul, in'deed, 'speaks bri one occasion of the laying on of the hands of the presbytery ; but it was Paul who brdained: Titus,1 though the1 presbyters' were associated with him' iil the act. : The; same practice is the custom 'in our own church at the ordihatibri of presbyters,rias sbmebf you witflessed in1 this place ' on; Trinity Sundaylast.' ? ..?-?^ ,'-: 'c - ; ;?'''?? ?'. '?'.'??' ':': :! '?;:.????????- ?? ?: 'But even in this highest trust' of the bishop— thai; of ordina tion—he does riot act without 'the co-operation of the laity:: No man can be rightly ordained by us until: we h'ave'ifa^(uiredrbf the cbrigregatiori to wlionx' he is to 'minister 'Whether;' they 'know any impediment for'the'whieh!he; ought not'to be adiriitted' to th'6' miniltryof 'the' church. ' Brethren, see' that ybit r'eiader your Bishop-real' -assistance in this 'great trust of : ordiftatib'n, by helpinghim to obtain suitable candidatesfor;holy orders'; This is to .be done primarily by training your own sons from their earliest .ye#rs,r and aiding others to' train theirs in the .nurture arid Wm'onitiori 6f the 'Lord ^ soHhat'if any of them in after years feels himself called by the Spirit of God to take part in this .wprk,'he';riiay not be''hitidered 'by'the' early neglect of {parents or teachers to store his memory with God's Word, and instil into his heart its life-giving principles ; and if any of you cannot in this way help the Bishop in the obtaining of fit persons for the ministry of the 'church, at least give liberally of your sub stance for. the support of the clergy appointed by him. 'The Lord hath ordained that they who preach the gospel should live ;of the gospel ;' and most parents, alas ! will be deterred from cherishing, a desire for ordination in the hearts of their children ? so long as no proper provisibri'is made by the church for the decent maintenance of those who minister in holy things. . In the rubrics preceding the services 'for ;the/ ordination of deacons and priests in the prayer-book it :;is: 'directed that there shall' be a Sermon declaring the'/duty and. office of ^such as come, to be admitted deacons and:*- priests';' .but there Is ; rio. such direction as to the sermqri;1 at' tlie '^biiaecratibn of a bishop. This difference iss partly ttf /bb-explairi^.d by the factthat the clergyman elected to the'' officfe^of '^i^iop -;iis';|,iwa^s':a nian of mature years, and generally 'oii&o;'fTexperie'nce inHihe ministry of the church, not needing ^,t6'- be ^ixKbit'e'd ?? 'conceriiing 'the new duties to which he is called; ' ^'tja-^no'^lhbw^ery^uiibecoming on such an occasion as this/^ndr^ perhaps without 'itsvu«ie to say to one's brother, in the presende'prtl^e!cl^gy^afid?M^^^^^^ henceforth regard him as tfi6ir4':'Jfea'3;ei*,: ~:~B-miQ -few words of encouragement drawri from one's^own^iipCTlericViri'the office of j Bishop. With a few such words I wiiPcbftdudel 1 A writer bf the second centuiy says, ' Let no man do any- | thing pertaining to the church without the bishop.' (Smym. j 8). In the case in ' which a chief pastor is forced upon an '$ unwilling people,' or when he is appointed without the consent | of the clergy and laity, this preceptmay sometimes be considered | extravagant; but in our own church, which follows the primitive | custom in the election of bishops, it is obvious that nothing | should be done in the name of the church, by an individual or f a congregation, that is inconsistent with pert'ecfc' loyalty to the ' t bishbp. It is, however, of the converse of this famous maxim I that I would now remind our brother, expressed in the words of 1 the great Cyprian. He writes,' ' From the v6ry beginning of I my episcopate I resblved to do ribthirig without -the ;cbunsel of \m iriy presbyters and deacons, and without the. consent of my lay i people.'. (JEp. xiv. 14.) In the spirit of these/words^ brother, 1 bur constitution provides that in the legislation of the church, M arid in1 the management of the ordinary business' of our dioceses, M every act shall be assented to by the ciergyaiid the laity as well || as by the Bishop. It' is not. only in' accordance with primitive M custom, that -^very man- who is a member of the' church, inas- ||| much as he is a temple of the Holy Ghost, should be recognised %jm as a fellow- worker together with God ? but' it is in keephig with fel the genius of the people of a British colony, that there should ifi be no respeob of persons, apart from merit. For your own li peace of mind then, dear brother, as wellas f or the harmonious n progress of the church's work in the Diocese of 'Waiapu, I |l would say, let the resolve of the illustrious Bishop of Carthage || be yours also. Acting ever in this spirit yoii -will'. be' sustained | In your responsibilities by the sympathies 'aiid prayers of your | people; as the arms of Moses were upheld by Aarbh and Hur. 1 Another rule which the bishops in these days and in owt i sircumstance.s should be careful to bear in mind is the famous. ' M V'icentian Caribri?J that nothing should be considered .essential in. m Christian belief or practice but what has always, everywhere, and by all been so regarded in the church. Our own peace of mind, and the peace of our dioceses, will greatly depend on the respect that we pay to this maxim. It is commonly thought that a Church unfettered by State control has a tendency to become narrow and sectarian ; but it will be generally found on inquiry that this tendency is not the result of freedom, but of some departure from Catholic principle or primitive organisation, as, for instance, when other provinces of the Universal Church have submitted themselves to the dictates of the Bishop of Rome, or when the faithful laity have been excluded from their proper place in the councils of the church. You are about to be ? asked, dear brother, whether you are determined ' ' to teach or maintain nothing as required of necessity to eternal salvation, but that which you shall be persuaded may be concluded and proved by holy Scripture.' To maintain the doctrine and discipline so to be concluded and proved, consistently with the ' grand impartiality of the Book of Common Prayer,' all who preach or teach in our churches have solemnly pledged them Belves ; and so long as we keep our pledge with faithfulness, there will be no danger of our withholding our sympathy and encouragement from any of our people, whether clergymen or laymen, who is an honest worker for God, arid loyal to the church, though he. may in many matters think or act very differently from ourselves. Members of the Church of New Zealand need not go beyond the records of their own church for bright examples of chief pastors who have acted on the two great principles of which I have spoken. Let us thank God for this. In the first Bishop of New Zealand and the first Bishop of Melanesia, the church of this country had set before it examples of men who combined, in a remarkable degree, definiteness of opinion with largeness of heart ; and you and I, dear brother, have had set' before us | another high ideal of the same Christian graces, in a beloved ? | and lamented Metropolitan of the Indian province of the Angli- | can communion. Remembering such fathers as these, 'who have | had the rule over us,' we shall be the more encouraged to ' feed ? I the flock of God' over which we are ourselves made overseers,, | with diligence, patience, and love. In these graces, brother, you I have long exercised yourself, as a missionary to the heathen, and. I a pastor to your own countrymen in different parts of the world ; I and you have learnt by your own experience that He who ' hath I purchased the flock with His own. blood' will enable you, both 1 by word and deed, faithfully to serve him in every office to which . 1 He calls you. As far as man can judge, you are now called to I the office of Bishop by the Holy Ghost, through the unanimous ' | election of the church in this diocese in synod assembled, and I the confirmation of the Bishops of the Province ; and you have I besides received in person the blessing of him to whose work ' I you are now to succeed. Let these tokens of God's guiding | hand assure your heart at this time. It is His will to give you 1 a right judgment in all things, and that you may be able ever- , | more to rejoice in His holy comfort. The Chief Shepherd will | be with you always ; His grace is sufficient for thee. Amen. ? 1 ===== | We must make man insatiable for God ; it is an hunger which will 1 unfortunately be often enough interrupted by his passions and I occupations. i 