WHEN GEORGE THE THIRD WAS KING. The pnrsuits whioh the world of fashion follow in the present day are widely different from those our grandfathers and grandmothers were wont to witness, aud the march, or rather full gallop, of intellect has prodnoed wondrous cbangea. Tho old, quiet, respect able, dull, slow, hnmdrum routine has given way to the fast railway pace, and those who do not go ahead are considered "regular muffs." In bygone times no young lady could be seen abroad except under the sur veillance of a rigid ohaperon in the person of a mother or maiden aunt. Hansom cabe were not in prospeotive existence, and, had they existed, no well-bred married or single woman would have entered them. There were few female equestrians, or, as the late Charles Mathews oalled them, " she- qnestrians," to be met with in the parks. An early breakfast, followed by a walk in tho square or Kensington Gordons, attended by a maid ; on boar's practice on the pianoforte, a danoing or drawing leBson, occupied tbe time until the ghost of a luncheon — cake and home-made wine — was announced. Then a drive in the heavy family coaoh in Hyde Park, between ApBley House and what is now the Marble Arch, constituted the afternoon's amusement. Five o'olook tea was unknown ; and at six, or half-past six at latest, and that only in ultra- fashionable houses, dinner was ou the table — a plain substantial meal, as unlike the apician feasts of the present day as the flickering flame of a farthing rushlight is to the brilliancy of the new electrio light, as tho old flint and. steel fowling-pieco is to the modern br6eoh-loader, as the Hampton Court holiday van is to tho Queen's state carriage, or any other comparison that may suggest itself to tho readers. An oooasional visit to a private box at Convent Garden or Drury Lane (for thera were no stalls, and tho public boxes wero deemed only fit for tbo plebeians), or an evening at tho King's Theatre, whero la creme do la eve ma gathered to talk and receive visits in their boxes, more than to enjoy the strains of a Cataliui, Grassini, or Naldi. With tbo exception of a children's or young persons' party to Astley's or Sadler's Wells, uo other minor theatre was ever attended by tho female aristocracy. The balls gonerally commenced at ton o'clock, sbldom lasting later thou one; lemonade, orgeat, white wine &Dd; port negns, tea, cakes, and the smallest thinnest sandwiches, wore all the refreshment tho tired dancers had to invigorate them after a long, tedious country dance or graceful minuet. What a contrast doos this form to the treadmill drudgery, called pleasure, of the present London season ? Let mo give in the form of a fast yonng lady's diary : — "Called at ten. Road the Morning Post ; breakfast — tea, toast, and a grilled bone — in bed or dreaBing-room. Twolve — horses at the door — a ride in llotton Row until half- past one, when, as horsy cousin Frank said, " all heads were tamed to the manger." Anglic6 luncheon. Luncheon at two, first-rato Badmington and cham pagne cap well iced. An hour or two at Prince's ; four till seven, a drivo in the park. Dinner at half-past eight ; ball at twelve, sitting down to supper, soup, eto., champagne ad libitum. Cotillon at half-paBt three, home at four. — Fashion Then aiul Mow, by Lord William Pitt Lennox. A Novel Amusement. — At an evening party some merry young folks suggested that they should all try who could write the best Irish letter. The following won the prize : — "My dear Nephew, — Enolosod is a £5 note, whioh your father sends to you unboknown to me ; and desires me to inform you of the decease of your only living uncle Patrick ; he lay five days quite speechless, asking for water every few minutes. I cannot describe to you the agonies of mind we endured all the time. O Pat, says I, if you're dead Bpeak to mo ! Poor fellow, he could not move a limb, so he raised his arm in reply. A stroke prevented his inquiring about his dear relatives; so, says ho, Bridget, how's our nephew fariog ? Says I, all serene ; I intend writing to say how ill you are when you are dead. Oh, says he, tell him not to open tho letter for a woek from tho time he gets it ; that will give him time to get over his sorrow before he knows about it. Kind forethought of your dear departed unole. He died very suddenly, Bfter a linger ing iltnos9. Now, my dear nephew, write and tell me how you boar the los9 of your near relative. Better do bo at once, before you receive this, to save time and auxiety to my mind respecting you. — With fond love, believe me, dear nephew, your loving aunt, Bridget. P.S. — I think you had better direct to me as before, but put a blank euvelope over to avoid any mistake. — Kathleen Stuart." Pope Leo XIII. — His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. is thnB described by Mr. Esthom in the Manchester Courier : — I have jnst had the honour and happiness to bo receivod by tho Holy Father. I found him cheerfnl, and even aa jolly as hie predecessor, Pins IX. Hie figare is tall aud commanding, end as straight as an arrow. I judge him to be over six feet in hoight. He is as firm as tho rock of whioh he forma a part, nay, indeed, the whole head of the church. He is genial, and, in trnth, kindness itself. When he had given me hie blessing he got bold of ray hand and lifted me from my kneeling posture as firmly as if be had tho strength of a giant, and as I stood before him he made very minute inquiries about myse'f and my family in tho kindest possible way. His voice has a pleasant, clear ring with it, and as he talked lie soon made me feel as if I were not in the presence of the Pope, but of a most affectionate father. He then commended mo to God, and walked away with the oourt. As I watched him for a long distance, I .thought him every inoh a Pope. Caution to Smokers. — A terrible death from phosphrous is reported. A yonng man left Paris a few days baok to visit his frionds at Lyons, and, as soon as he got into'tbo carriage, he lit a match by scratching it with his thumb nail; a piece of the phosphorus penetrated under tho nail aud made a slight burn, to which he paid no attention. But after an hour the paiu beesme very great, tho thumb swelled, then tbe hand, and next the fore-arm. He was obliged to alight at the first station and send for a medical man, who declared that instant amputation of the arm was necessary. The patient insisted on postponing the operation for a few hours until tho arrival of his father, for whom he had telegraphed. But bef.re the latter could reach tho spot it was too late; tbe poisonous matter bad gained the arm, then the shoulder, and any operation was henceforth impossible. Tho young man died 27 hours after the burn, in horrible suffering. A Ridiculous Stort. — The Lampoug cor respondent of the Stawell Chronicle relates the following story: — "An amusing yarn comes from a town not a hundred miles from St. Arnaud. On the night that the news was brought that Kelly's gang had appeared in the neighbourhood, aud had etuok np a young man within a few miles from the town, a harried consultation was beld in the Clerk of Court's Office. There were present, the police magistrate or mayor, the sergeant of police, a mounted constable, and the last viotim of tho Kelly's; tbe latter was closely interrogated by the olerk — the "victim" positively asserting that the "bailers up" were none bnt the Kellys. Visions of the reward instantly passed through the brain of the valiant trooper, cauBed him to slip unnoticed outside, whore he recklesely, and in utter defiance of red tapeism, discharged for the first time since he had entered the force — his revolver. When the alarming and unexpected sounds reaohed the ears of the dignitaries within, the utmost consternation prevailed. With a cry of terror that the Kellys were upon thorn, the clerk disappeared through an open window, through which the sergeant and the magistrate' leaving the unfortunate victim rooted to the spot with astonishment at the fjuddep vanishment of his interrogators." Fruit Culture Extraordinary. — A proposi tion has been reoently made, aud has obtaiued some favour, to tho offoot that railway cuttings and ombankmonts throughout the country might bo planted with fruit-trees u.id vinoB, and our fruit supplies thus be immensely augmented. But this ought to be done cautiously. Though a vast deal of tho land by tho side of railways might be turned to profitable account and made to look a groat doal more picturesque than it doos at present, the results which might follow from an in- considered mix-up of frnit-treos and telegraph posts are dreadful to contemplate. We might havo earthenwaro insulators growing on appjo trees, and galvanizod wire sprouting into tin foliage and bearing a profusion of iron grapes. Dr. Darwin ought to bo consulted before suoh tricks are played with tho vegetable kingdom. Strength tor the Dbbilitated. — Thousands of Panaceos and Elixirs hove been puffed into tomporary celebrity since that paragon of vege table cordials, tbo famous "Dew of the Alps," was introduced into Switzerland. _ For fivo hundrod years it has boon the favourite tonio of her daring mountaineers. They sip it as a solace when low spirited, ua a proteotion against miasma and sudden changes of temperature, as a Bpooifio for indigestion, as a euro for physical proatra- tion, as a generol regulator and restorative in all ordinary ailments. It has outlived rivalry, and defies competition. Experience has proved that i it is especially adapted to tbo climate of Aus- tralio. At the minos, on the largo stations, and 1 in all the cities, it is held in eqaal eseem, and the late imnortations. lareo as they have been, havo not proved equal to the demand. Messrs. M. Moss and Co., of Sydney, are the wholesale agents for Australia. 1 Holloway's Ointment and Pills. — Soros, wonnds, and nlcers. — Every variety of soro, nicer, eruption, boil, and carbuncle is safely stopped in its destructive courso by tho timely application of this hoaling Ointment. It arrests unhealthy, and substitutes healthy action, thus curing inflamed, irritable, and spreading diaouBOB affeoting tho skin. Holloway's ointment has gained on iraporishablo fame for its facility in healing old inflammatory sores about tho shins and ankles, and for bad legB and old wonnds it cannot be eeiualled ; nor is it lees efficacious in gathered broasts and nbscesBos. When the com plaint has boon of long continuance, Holloway's Pills will expedite recovery if taken in those doses which act as altorativos on the stomach and tonics on tho constitution. Tub startling aroumbntation or _ cases of kidney diseases recently developed, ring out a toosin of alarm to all who have ovon slightly suf fered with those insidious complaints. This Bignal should bo heodod, and precautions taken against their attack, by a speedy resort to purely diuretic and tonio remedios. Of these, none are eo effectivo, so safe, so certain, so gonornlly reliable, as Udolpho Wolfe's Sohiodam Aromatic Schnapps. No SUEEPOWNEU CAN DO WITHOUT IT.— Ownor8 of sheep are informed that the Diseasos in Sheep Act Araondmnnt Act of 1878, together with the Regulations therounder, has boon neetly printed on toned paper, and can be procured at the Courier Oflioe, Yass, price one shilling ; by post one shilling and twopence. Country store keepers should have copies on solo for the con venience of their customers. — See advertise ment. "Berkeley, Sept., 1869.— Gentlemen, — I feel it a duty I owe to yon to express my gratitude for the greot benefit I have derived by taking 'Norton's Camomile Pills.' I applied to your agent, Mr. Bell, Berkeley, for tha abovonamed Pills, for wind iti tho stomach, from which I sufforod exoruciuting pain for a length of time, having triod nearly every remedy prescribed, but without doriving any bonefit at all. After taking two bottlos of your valnablo Pills I was quito restored to my usual etato of health. Pleaso give this publioity for tho beneGt of those who may bo thus alllictod. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henri alltass. — Tu me rrupilotuiu of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 