: #joi00mffnlia:. AIRATRSTRATITATR EAIBY STOBY. BT DONALD CAMEBON. . Author of " Scripapolit," " SUvenoaterSend,' etc., etc. ". DEAB CHILD BEN,—X can see yon all on this. pleasant Christmas afternoon. The dders are pliying cricket on the parched open, the younger are romping under the shade of the gum trees, or dnmbering on the grass, -fearless of the slimy snake that may be coiled not far off. And the gluttons of the flock, who have partalen too much of the tempting tart or the dyspeptic plum-pudding, recline in idleness, like young boa-constrictors, who must hybernate a bit before they are able to frisk about. Well, dear boys and girlB, it is too.warm to exert oneself on such a day, and, therefore, come and gather around me, your innocent faces all wonderment, and listen jo" a pleasant fairy-tale, all about Australia, and with none cfc those ferrible ghosts and phantoms with which your cousins in England' are now being regaled, while seated round the roaring fire listening to Grannie's tales, '' Afraid to whisper for the fear Of something terrible and near." It wasn't mstiy yean ago when Harry Smith gav« np city life and took np a selection in a wild part of the country where the soil was good, the water plentiful, and the forest -deep. A great brawny man was Harry, huge of limb, ldnd of heart, strong of tnnscle. just the kind of man we want in this new land. And be had a loving, hard-working wife, who made the journey of life pleasant to him, and 'two handsome children, Willie and'Bessie, who were ten and eight years of age. Their parents loved them, and of an evening, when the work of -grubbing and ploughing was over, and the clearing fires burned brilliantly, husband and wife eat in their hot and tangbt their children whatever they knew themselves in the knowledge of this world, and reverently interpreted to - l than the teachings of that sacred book which should be a guide and a lamp to o our feet. And" a bright, peaceful life t these good people led. t ^ Willis end Bessie never-tired of roaming in the forests, searching for flowers b and fernB, eeeking.in vain to catch a f glimpse of the • -melodious bell-bird, j whose glorious song, heard in -the' t recesses of the wood, of ta-ta-ta-taye-wattee, was like a siren voice to them, now having a vision of the strange lyrebird, then catching a sight of the swift kangaroo, as it bounded by, or looking for the nests of the rosellas and cockatoos. In their wanderings they had dropped across many windfalls and picked np several pets. There was Hag, the magpie, whose existence was speut in a cycle of enriosity, alternately plucking up young plants by the roots to see how they grew, and hiding everything that she thought valuable, from a pin to a big spoon. It was the children'6 Opinion that no creature in the world Could cock an eye and turn a head so shrewdly as Hag. They found her a featherless, disreputable-looking nestling, just fallen out of the nest one rainy day, and brought her home, she becoming their first pet. Hag had been taught some naughty words by the man Harry employed occasionally to help bim, but several douses of cold water bad cured her of the failing, and she was careful never to indulge in the prohibited lingo except when at a safe distance, and when engaged in encounters with predatory crows, whose thefts Mag cordially hated, though herself the biggest thief that ever walked upon two legs. Bnt Mag, no doubt, resembled some servants, who scrapie not to rob their {master, but who fly into a ' terrible rage if others poach upon their preserves. Next to Hag was Cocky, the cockatoo, and between the two. no love was lost, though each united in common warfare against poor Tibby, the torfcoiseshell cat. These two would wajch puss until they saw her stretch herself on the doorstep, in the sun, to have a nap, and.then both would peck at her, and fly off to the palings and shriek with deb'ght. Cody was the drollest of all birds, and went about imploring everyone to scratch his -poll. Occasionally would .wander away, and, after an absence, of a day. or two, return considerably damaged. He wonld be very silent and sad for a while, and would mope on his perch, occasionally ejaculating, with much fervour, " Poor Cocky." In addition to these pets there were fowls, dogs, parrots, from the plain bat intelligent rosella. to the gorgeous but dumb king-parrot; - a native bear, who slept all day, and two unique creatures, Joey the kangaroo, and Pipit the kangaroo rat. Joey' was a dear, quiet thing, with, great, mild eyes, who followed the children everywhere, and over whom Hover, the intelligent coiley, kept watch,' while Pipit had to be kept in -a box, andr great was the diversion he gave. He was fed on bread and milk, and it - would make the most surly mortal laugh to see him sit np on bis hind paws and wash his face with his paws as-daintily as a lady.. . . Well, I-dare say you are asking where is the fairy. Well, children; leam to be patient. I wanted -to show yon how happy Willie and Bessie wore, and how naughty it was of : them to become riiscontented with their lot. This is how: they became discontented. They were never allowed to enter a dense wood at the back of the hut. This wood exercised quite an infatuation over them. On dark nights they stood at the back door' and looked out into its gloomy recesses, and » wondered what creatures made their abode in it. On moonlit, nights they watched the strange mingling'of light and shadow, the waving of the branches, and shuddered as they listened to the deep sighs of the breeze as it. passed vthxongb;! the "niopoko, mopoke," of the night-owl, the . shup cry of the dingo,.-and the mournful wail of the curlew. In daytime, especially in summer, how pleasant seemed its cool recesses. ...And, yet, I warrant much of its charm was owing to its! bong-forbidden to them. : They inherited Eve's failing, ... One day their parents were burning off. rubbish on the land cleared for the plough, and the two were sitting alone under a tree, with their pets all around them—Cocky engaged in an encounter with the cat, and Maggie industriously hiding pebbles, • under the • impression, perhaps, that they .were diamonds. " Couldn't we just go a.'ittle bit in f°' queried Bessie, "lifting her sun-browned face .to Willie's in a pleading way. Oh! woman, ever once Eve, the tempter. "No, Bessie," said Willie, "we can't Pather says he'll beat us if we do, and mother says the blacks'll kill us. And yon know that Nanny, the old gin, said that the Great Tree Spirit, Ooroomoolia,. ived in there." *. .. •; . .-•: • 1- . Oh,", said Bessie, with a great show f shrewdness, " I don'ti believe what hey said. - "Fou .know mother -told here was paison;in- those botties fatherrought fram town, but it'was syrup.^ "•And; didn't we get properly licked us h or trying it f askediraSe. ^ {.i --si: Jv t VYes.; -birt they-iwon't-find -ua obi his time," surged :£&s9ie.; p oome home tOl the sun is going down." feJNow, if Willie had been, very strong on the point, I daresay be would not have given in to Bessie, but he wasn't; he was just as eager as his sister, only he didn't like to show it. Selfish fellow,"like Adam, he thought if anything wrong came of it, and the escapade was discovered, he wonld be able, as Adam did, to throw the blame on the girl. And so, after a little .further argument, he gave in, and pretended to follow her reluctantly, when in reality he was as eager as herself. \- It was a still, hut day; no wind blew, no cloud dimmed the deep bine sky or its golden horizon; and yet the warmth was not oppressive, for the heat was dry, and there was no miasma or moisture in the air, which was clear and pleasant to breathe, though attenuated. In the forest there was a deep shade, a pleasant silence, a great sense of rest. The birds : had taken to shelter in the thick foliage of the cherry and apple trees, and the noisy voices of the magpies, cockatoos, and other loquacious habitants, of the wood were silenced. The cicada sang, it is true, but with a snbdued chirp that seemed to make a part of the silence. Only now and then the sweet notes of of the bell-bird swelled upon the air, and its serial melody enchanted the ear. The children wandered on through the wood band in hand, looking out for the wonders which they expected to find there. But there came nothing. No ogre peeped out from behind a tree—only a. kangaroo-rat, disturbed in its nest, .jumped up before them. No old crone, on child's flesh intent, hobbled np—only a great black snake, that lay on the path, uncoiled itself and rippled away through the grass—that, I think, is the ! best term to use for the movement of a snake. It was refreshing for the children to 'come to a small watercourse that ran 'through the wood, cheerily singing as it passed oner the pebbles and stones. The •day was so warm thAt Wilhe at once proposed what is known in the country as a " bogie," that is a bath in the limpid stream, and hehadhalf undressed, when, ;on the cither side of the little rill, he < beheld a graceful lizard basking in the sun. Surely never had gem such colours, for as the sunbeams danced over it, blue, gold, green, flashed out dazzlingly. Bessie peered over Willie's shoulder, and Willie was working up his courage to grasp tiie pretty thing, when, presto ! it seemed to fade, and in its place arose a bine-winged butterfly. The children had no' hesitation in running after this airy creature, and, heedless that they were bare-footed and in dishabille, off they started to catch the lovely thing. The chase was not long, for the butterfly alighted on the grass, and in its place appeared a -beautiful parasol flower, richly crimsoned. The children were about to seize this when it vanished, and there was only a diy fuzzyhead, as a bind of daisy-like flower is called, the seeds of which are contained in a fuzzy kind of head. • "I wonder where the pretty thing's gone ?" queried Willie. " Where all Fancy's children go," said a deep voice; and, turning round in affright, they saw a tall, black man, who was watching them with a venomous look. " I was the lizard, the butterfly, the flower. ' Ye are like older children, ye fly after what is pretty and bright, and leave solidity and safely behind. Under that guise I lured yon into my dominions, and ye are now mine, mine." " But you must set them the task," said another voice, and, looking round, the children eaw a golden-haired lady, wonderfully resembling a wattle-tree in blossom, if it had features and form. " I claim them as mine, - the children of the Wattle blossom." The boy and girl now saw that the black man vastly resembled an ironbark-tree. • "/Not till they do the task," retorted the Spirit of the Iron Tree. The children looked with astonishment around them. Every tree, dirub and plant, appeared to have become animated, each a human' type of the species. The graceful myall danced in the sunshine, the sombre she-oak drooped like a mourner, the gnarled red-gum seemed an old, toothless, rickety beldame. The larger treea seemed ogres, eager to devour, and4he smaller cowered at their glances, ?save the wattle, who stood guard. over the children. •'The task, then, the taskP' cried the "Wattle Spirit, with a wave of her hand, which diffused a : wonderful fragrance. :' • "It is," cried the Spirit of the ton Tree, " that they will fetoh me the choicest thing in this wood within two bnrs. Go I" -The wattle seemed to pity the children, but appeared powerless to help them; "-d so the poor little ihings had to go ear way. Whafc could be the most recious ' thing > they inew ^not. Willie J thought it was gold, Mid looked for grains of the precious metal; Bessie fancied it was the loveliest flower. Long they wandered, until the sua sank behind hills and the glorious light of the moon fell upon the wood, creating lights and shadows marvellously beautiful. The children were abont throwing themselves down in despair, when the trees again changed, and there were the iron-tree and the wattle. " Well," cried the Spirit of the Iron- Tree, ' • have you found the choicest thing in the forest f" The wattle seemed in great pain ea she watched the answer. " We have not fonnd it," said Willie looking up with honest eyes. ' The Iron-Tree gave a great eigh, M when a storm passes through its branches and became at once a tree, and nothing more, as did the others, save the wattle, _" Tea, yon have, children," die said, with a benignant smile. " The choicest thing in this wood is the truth." "They are here—they are here!" cried Harry Smith, bounding to the side of the little stream where Bover was barking joyously at two deeping forms cuddled up in each other's aims. "I knew the dog was right." " Heaven be praised!" cried his wife, her face illuminated with joy, as the moonlight streamed upon it. And she kissed them until they awoke. " Oh, father," cried Bessie, "we have seen ogres, and giants, and fairies, and the tree spirit Ooroomoolia." " And what did they teach you, sweet one r" he asked, as he clasped her to his breast and made for home. " That the choicest thing in the wood was truth, father," n-plied Bessie. " Then, child, they were from Heaves, for tie choicest thing—not only in thii forest, but in the world—is Truth!" THE JUST AKD THE XJJWET.—The good man slammeth tie gate and bangeth the door, and maketh a noise," for his heart is without guile and be fean-th not the grievous words of his wife; but the naughty man shuteth the gate softly, and stealeth upstairs in his stocking feet, and stum bleth over the rockingchair, and the last condition of that man is worse than the first. They saw a beautful IizardL 