PARRAMATTA. at FROM OUR COREEN Í'ONTIBXT.J I MtMciEÄL Corven. The Council met on Tuesday, the 23rd, instant, in place of Monday, the usual day of meeting. Present The Mayor, Aldermen Burge Ritchie, Taylor, Smith, Booth, Trott, Pye, Drew, and Mason. Reports from the Improvement and Lighting Committees were received. A report from the Improvement Commitee was adopted. A report from the Finance Committee recommending an increase of salary (200 per j ear) to the Council-clerk was brought up for adoption Alderman Taylor moved as an amendment that the increase of salary should be £25 only. The amendment was carried and the report as amended adopted The following motions were then put and carried -The Mayor moved, Alderman Booth seconded, - " That, in accordance with the recommendation contained in the Finance Committee's report adopted this day, the Council clerk's salary be increased £25 per annum, the said increase to make the salary of such officer £175 per annum, the same to take effect from the 1st day of May ensuing " The Major moved, BHd Alderman Taylor seconded, "That the Council clerk produce the rate-book containing the valuation of the ratable property within the borough of Parramatta for the current municipal year The Mayor moved, and Alderman Taylor seconded,-" That the Council do now make an estimate, in accordance with section 164 of the Municipalities Act of 1867, of the probable amount which will be required for the now current municipal year, in addition to any tolls, rates, or dues levied, or authorised to be levied in this borough, and to any probable income from fines, voluntary contributions, endowments, or any other source of revenue to carry on the fencing, making, and repairing of any roads bridges, punts, wharfs, piers, or other public works within the borough, and any other expenses necessary in carrying into effect the provisions of the Land Act" The Mayor moved, and Alderman Pye seconded,-"That this Council do now, in accordance with the previous resolution, estimate that the sum of £1400 will be necessary for the carrying out the requirements mentioned in the sate previous resolution The Mayor moved, Alderman Taylor seconded,-"That this Council do now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole, for tho purpose of making an assessment upon the ratable property within this borough, for tho purpose of raising the amount required for the current municipal year, to carry on fencing, making roads, bridges, punts, or other public works in the said borough, and any other expenses necessary in carrying into effect the provisions of the Municipalities Act of 1867." In committee, a rate of one shilling in the £ was lessed a A a general rate and a rate of threepence in the £ as a spy cial rate for lighting purposes was also made On n-sunir/aon the following motions were duly carried Moved by the Major, seconded by Alderman Taylor-" That the assessment as made in committee be now adopted by the Council as the assessment of the now current municipal your upon the ratable properties within this borough under the provisions made for the purposes of the Municipalities Act of 1867 2 The Mayor moved, Alderman Pye seconded,-" That a rate be now levied for the new current year of one shilling in the £ on the assessed value of the ratable property within this borough, under the provisions and for the purposes of section 164 of the Municipalities Act of 1867, and that the said rate shall be due and payable at the Council chambers, Parramatta, within ten days after the, thirty das ft' article required in lau? " '1 ten "NI and. Mr.A to a man Pye seconded,-"That, under the prsjvbic/ns of the Municipalities Act of 1867, section 165, and of the Municipalities Lighting Act of 1873, section this Council hereby make and impose a special lighting rate, for the municipal year 1878-9, of threepence in the £ on the assessed value of the ratable property situated in Georgo-street, on the east side of Church-street, and the properly of Messrs C. J. and H. Byrnes, known as the Australian Woollen Mills, inclusive, as ascertained and determined for the general assessment and rate for the same period, for the purpose of lighting such aforesaid portions of George-street, and for the purchasing and maintaining of lamps and other materials for or in relation, to such lighting, Cr in connection therewith that the said such special lighting shall be due and payable at the Ccaincil- chombsra, Parramatta, within ten days after the thirty days Perry ned by law." The Mayor moved, Alderman Taylor seconded, " That the book now before the Council" containing such assessment and late, and special lighting late, for the current municipal year, as aforesaid, fairly transcribed according to the form prescribed by the Municipalities Afjt of 1867, be adopted by this Council as the rate-book for the said year, and that the Mayor do now sign and affix the corporate seal." Alderman Booth moved, of Alderman. Taylor seconded, " That a stench trap seconders. Church-street, opposite Mr. Mating'B, Marsden Ward, at a cost of £6." Moved by Alderman Taylor,-" That through the great increase in the amount of work of this Council, as reported upon by the Finance Committee, it is hereby resolved that Mr. R. Wood, assistant clerk and bailiff, receive an increase of salary from the late May next of £25 per annum." Alderman Booth seconded. An amendment was moved by Alderman Smith, seconded by Alderman Pye,-" That the increase be at the rate of £12 20s. geranium." The amendment was carried. Alderman Taylor moved,-" That the Improvement Committee be requested to have the streets where the gas-pipes have been laid in this borough repaired forthwith with rubble and blue metal at a cost not exceeding £10." Seconded by Alderman Ritchie, and carried. Alderman Ritchie moved,-" That the Mayor be hereby authorised to cause two nightsoil carts to be constructed, in accordance with the plans and specifications in the possession of the Council, at a probable cost of £60." Alderman Burge seconded. An amendment, moved by Alderman Taylor seconded by Alderman Drew,-" That one cart be procured, at a cost of £35," was put, and lost, ; and the original motion carried. Alderman Brown moved and Alderman Booth seconded,-" That Crimean street, from Marsden-street to Pitt-row, be formed at a probable cost of £20." On the motion of Alderman Jay of-, seconded by Alderman Ritchie, an amendment was carried referring the matter to the Improvement Commit! oe. Alderman Brown moved,-" That a sum of £25 be voted by this Council for the purpose of filling up holes with r wobble or blue metal, as may be required, in the various streets of the borough." Seconded by Alderman Taylor, and carried. Alderman Booth moved,-" That the kerbing and guttering in front of Mr. Lambert's hotel, in Church-street, by covered over with flagstones for a distance of about 12 fort, to be done forthwith at a cost of £2 10s." Seconded by Alderman Taylor, and carried. The Council then rose (two motions lapsing from the non-attendance of powers), after a protracted sitting. EiSTEtt AMUSEMENTS. The park was crowded with visitors on Easter Monday, private parties, family picnics, and the children of the Wesleyan school) enjoying their annual feast. There was also a cricket match, and at Castle Hill a ploughing match and foot-races occupied the attention of the folks in that direction. All the boats on the river were crowded, and the number of passengers by the railway were out of all calculation. "When the sun went down the town.resumr/1 its wonted quietude. A gathering at the Wesleyan Church, at which the Revs. G. A. Lloyd, Orara, Dowson, Ashmead, Murray; Messrs. Booth, Barker, and Hart, jun., were the principal speakers; and a meeting at the Baptist Chapel of that body (both meetings being numerously attended closed the Easter Monday holiday at Parramatta. The weather is again remarkably Seo. ' April 24. A ALLEGED GABOTTINO.-Carl Anderson and Frances Moran, who were yesterday sentenced to a week's imprisonment for having a £5-note in their possession for which they could not satisfactorily account-;, howe been identified as the perpetrators of a gale late robbery in Hyde Park early on Tuesday morning. The prisoner will be proceeded against on the fresh. charge next week. THE AHCSEHEJITS.-There is nothing new to notice in. the entertainments last night. They were repetitions of the Easter programmes, and they improve by repetition. Crowded houses reivarr'Jei the efforts of the actors, and the performances v Lee much applauded. The list comprised "Her s- IV." at the Victoria Theatre, "Ivanhoe" at the Theatre Royal, the Georgia Minstrels, at the Green's Theatre, I)' Arey Heed's Ghost at the Guild hall, and Thompson's Diorama at the School of Arts, all being in addition to the attractions in the Exhibition building. MRS. SCOTT SIDDONS. The dry announces" her intention to give a series of climatic readings this evening at the Academy of Art 9 Elizabeth-street 