THE BOATMAN'S STORY. 'FRIGHTENED at that? No, sir, nor likely to be either. I never was really frightened but once in my life !' "Only frightened once in your life ? Come then, Captain, tell us all about it; it must have been a rare fright to last you all your life." "Was it a ghost ?" added the brother of the last speaker. "No, Master Alfred, it was no ghost ; I don't believe in ghostesses myself." "Well tell us all about it," repeated William Sinclair. "But I thought you young gentlemen wanted me to take you out fishing," replied the old boatman, commonly called Captain Abbott. "So we did; but the sun is so hot now, and you said we should not catch much as the wind was east, so we would much rather hear what frightened you, and go out fishing another time." 'Yes; in the evening;'' chimed in Alfred Sinclair 'When the sun has goes down; and the wind may have chanejed from the east* by then, you know. Captain.' 'Very like it may. sir; often does just before sunset. Now, if you yonng gentlemen like to do bo, IH row yon across the harbour to Sapparee Cove, and we can art in the shade there, and ru mend my net a bit, while I spin a yam for yon.' ' Well row and yon steer,'' exclaimed the takmg the oars. *' SVIiir In it nllrd Biprrrmr CoveforT 'Cant eay, sir; unless it be tiiat Bmng 4-lmg used to be carried en here ; ilfe a convenient p'—* to ran a boat m, yon see. Some Spanish ships were lost on the rocks here years ago and many a gold doubloon found its way into T1H 11 llllllll Tumi ihawi Hind your oar, Mr. Alfred, here we are. Now 111 make the boat fast and bring my nets — as nice a. place to spend an hour or eo, to my riiinlnM as need be. w bat do von aay, sir;™ said Abbott, appealing to the elder brother. 'I think its the jolliest place f ever saw, Captain, with these beaut&nl; cliffs at oar back, and all those rocks running out into Jhe sea. And now, -Tap**«w) for your story,'* said Wmiam, throwing himself on the dry, wazm g?*u3 n«»M» Abbott, and *^^'ip htw cres with his hat, while Alfred seated himself on a large stone on the other side of the sailor, and commenced shying pebbles into fiw. water. **I*ve been thinking, young j*p*stf*»nM-fl I can t teal you what frightened me witnoiat telimg you a good bit of my. early life.' 'All the better,' said the two brotfceni. 'AH Hie better. Kvw begin as the story books always do, with, 'Onoennonatime.'' Abbott took off his hat and wiped his face with hiR h a t^ r^prrhf rf sevcsal times; he was a fine looking fellow, in his Hue gniernsey and bare throat, and dark curly hair well stxeaked with gray. '* F was born at Oovelly yonder,' he began, and lived there the first twelve or fourteen years of my life. Yoa can see the fnrtherest point there away to the left; the prettiest alace in England to nay tinnking. We moved Enm Clovelly 'to TTfiyNmiUfs* x&y; f?Hyr was a carpenter and I worked with him when I was going off to sea. When I was about Hghtnpin I went to Squire Basaettaa carpenter, but 6t01 I lired at home, and walked backward and forward night and morning if I didnt get by water. I was the only child they ever had and my poor mother made a great deal of me. She had never the very best of health ; I never remember her being very hearty, but she was a good *Tm sorry tor any lad who hasn't a good mother. No one can be what a mother is to av lad. The thought of her keeps him from many a hurtful tibing ; he wouldn't like to vex her, or he would be ashamed of he- knowing, when he would not so much mind his father. [ owe a good deal to my motaber. I'm certain sure of that. AU lie comfortable thingB a mother helps to keep a son'e heart soft and louing to ber — for we're all more or less selfish —you know. Well, my father died just before I was twenty one. I had begun to keep company with a girl that had been a time at Squire Basaett's, but afterward she going to set up a lodging house, and she was to help her. ' Visitors had begun to find out this place was pleasant to come to even tihen; tfiey would come from London, and the gentry from the country would come for a few weeks to get Borne fresh air and sea batfamg — nothing like what it is in nowadays, but still there was a few. I had kept company a good bit before I liked to teQ my mother {a. bad ago, young geatleinea) ; but one day some neighbour let on to her about me and Susan walking together; so in the evening when I came back from work and she was getting supper ready — she always waited for me, let me be ever so late — she said, 'My boy, is Susan Turner anything to yon?1' laughed a fait, and leant backm my chair anaTaaid. 'What litOe bird has told von tint. eh,motitei-r 'Well, she got up and came behind me, and took my face in ner two bands and kissed me many times. 'Jem,* she said. 'Fd like you to have a Rood wife, and she should be as my own Ja'gHr I could not love any one so wril as my own boy. except his m£e. if ahe was a good wife to him; bat, oh, Jem, mind what you're doing, and dorft do ivnat yon iuh XsSpeiit oc, -nceand forevec 'IdH not aay much, and mother speaking in that kind way, and not flying oat about Susan as many mothers wmfil, when chey vUflait ap£TOVQ, sxjjA me Tumi «*«h|t u»i»*J with her. '?You'll not leave me, Jem, 3 yon do marry r she said, 'wfll yout Hy hearth's never good, you know, and rd Eke Onto he yoor houre as long as I live.' Father had put a bit of money by, bat it was aU hers, and E3 neverthoughtof leaving her, so I said, 'Ko, mother. 111 not leave yon. HI always 9c your eon, even if I have a wife.' ''You'll promiseme that?* she said. ?'Tea, mother, I promise,' I said. Ijxn nrise willmgly.' ''TluiikyoB, my boyf'abe answered, anS again she put her ber thin hands on ray head and kissel me. « God bless you, Jan; and may He euide you in your choice, and keep yon in aUyonr-waya.' 'She never said a word about me not bar. ing tald her, and she never said she didn't Eke Susan, yon see, so I coold not hut feel, » bet vexed with myself for never having taken council with mother or let her know what I was thinking about. ' Well, we wenton, Susan and me, taejinjj company some three years, and then I thought it was time we should think of marrying. My work 'was very regular, chiefly ?^Tl'1fr- ing. and my wages good. 'Well, tasked Susan about our BetUing. bat she was anise set on having*, house of her own, and that I could not promise. ? Mother will be as nood as your own mother could have been,' I said, 'and there's two all your own thinge in if No; she wasnl pleaBed, and I wasnt. and we walked home rather pat out wifheach other; and as we came near the nursery gardens beyond the ehnrch, wemet anewnpholBterer, Mr. Albert Strong, smoking like a chimney, and be took off his hat in a, free and easy way to Subsu. IdioVtlikeitsandwhenbehadgaa^ an, says I, 'Ton know that young man, ' *Know him! -M course I do. I should Sunk every one knowshim by this time — most genteel be is, and taken such a good ahon m High^beet — be comes from Liaiflon.* WTh. n-t tnnr T mrt this Mr Alh^ Strong was a Sunday attemoon, and to my surprise Susan was with him, and him smok ing all the time. She coloured up a bit, and seemed viaed at meeting m^ fiir she had aent me word she could not walk, as her aunt had lodgers and wanted her in tint day; and it was not a likely part of the place for me to be too. However she came forward and said aunt bad let her go at last; it was a shame, such a lovely evening to stay in the bouse, and Mr. Strong bad escorted her tffl die coold meet me. ' 'Whatever made you think of looking for me on the Torrf said I, feeling uncomfort able. ' ' Do yon think youVe so small one cant see yon?1 said she, laughing; and I was nigh afoot higher thanMr. Steong. so if she had. been looking out for me no doubt she nrigbt have seen me from the hul; and, perhaps, I' ought not to have suspected anything. VTe wdked on sort together, and then somehow I thought hemadea sign toSoean, and once more I felt uncomfortable, and longed to knock him down. Tve often wished I had then; but he took his leave immediately after, and I began to feel a UtUe better. ?'Very genteel he's dressed, isn't he!' said Susan, as soon as he was out of lw«-^ir '?Genteel, is it? Oh! I didn't know,' t said. Itiunght hisooat mnsthave been cat out oE a remnant; he couldn't button it after a.eood dinner FI1 be bound.' 'Snehathingas it was! Bine doth and liM*l*»iq ami wmII *m51r hphimi. ''And his hair brushed so very genteel,' she continned; 'and smeHs so sweet.^ 'Sowewenton, and she seemed as if she would only talk that way. I could not get ber to be grave, or think about the house; not that evening or any other tame we were tugetbeu She never let me begin about our settljngQC anything serinis, if sheconld bdp it - and one day about a month »ft»— ? J3k walk, Isaid Ithought she had something on her mind — was her aunt good to her ? ''Oh yes,' she said, 'everybody was better to her than she deserved.' ''Well, come home with me this evening,' I said, ' and have tea with ns and see what theeit eay to (he house; it's a long time, Susan, since rheeVe been to see mother.' 'I cant. IcanV sheeaid, 'don't ask me; not to-night, James not to-night.' With that she burst into tears, and taming from me ? ve were just p°«°'c ber aunt's at the time — fine irared her hand, and ran in. 'That was our last walk together. 'Next moriuqg I could not go m very early, for I had a particnlar job to finish, but just before dinner I ran off to ber aunt's. 'Susan's not in,' she aaid. 'Mot in,' I repeated; 'where is she gone f ''Oh, I suppose a bit of shopping or smne thing,' she said; 'I cant rightly say.' Sol went round home the other way, and passed Mr. Strong's smart shop ; the blinds were all dosed, but there was . notice that a new and starUnur investment was expected from. London on the fouowing Saturday, which would be ready for inspection on Monday next. I went home and had my dinner, and back to my work till about 5 o'clock; and about 5 mother came to me in Ihe shop and put ber hand on my arm, and said, looking as kind and pitiful as ever woman did : 'Jem, dear, have yon seen Susan to-day 7* ?'No, mother,' says t, turning sharp; *wuats the matter T 'Why, her aunt's come to see after berr she's pot been in pi*n^ nuTf'*'^ Jmu. anil * ' And what, mother! I said, feeling scared like. ''Ber best dotha are gone, and Mrs. Hobbs has heard she was seen early to-day on tne mad to Lee.' «? What should take Susan to Lee !' ''WeH, James Abbott,' said her aunt— who had followed my mother and was jnst outside the door, though I hadnt noticed her —* Urn sure if it's all fane, it is quite as aliiuigetp meaa to yon: I never was so took back, aadlhone you'll throw no blame on me for it.' 'Tor what, Ha. Bofahi? I said, wfaafa tne! What'a the natter! Cant you tdla fellow at -mce, and not go pbjying with him, when you've got him on the hook sure enough? *'TOD,iaa»at Mrs. AVbott, I don't like telling thing, tManddint like,' she slid; ?brt6JsnrawoaMratberknow.no ooehu [Ae&igmonuag;, too. HS» sbop'iemnty, and the quarter's just op. Theyrapecttiiat they been married at Lee. Strong has been itrmng there, and walking backward and fonwrf fOT a fortnight, snd&eyMy; the b*n» must have been cned there. She eameina bit of money about a. tmontii ago.' ' 'Money 1 and me sever H» know *.* X said. 'Why, twM only yesterday I asked iser if she wanted any 3 fta off to Lee mother. If be', not married her. Til follow them, break «verybonein ho body. «nd bring her safe iuxnetoUre. Hobbs, H they an married, HI come home to you, mother. I said Fd Ik your son all my life.' 'I«na not long getting to Lee, bat Che -£erkhsd cane oat fishing cad the parson t^A^AA*. „„*+„ K.m^^,l. 6olc£nd-ed to the top of a hfll and watched till tile boats began returning. It had got so dark, I had to wait for the cledc to get a lantern, before we went to the '^'*V Se bcofl^ct out tiie lwwA^ and t^—lif fimeouniriiWBs the ?marriage; Albert Strong and Snaan Turner. Mr. Wrey had married them and gone to Banstaple after, the clerk mid. I never spoke a word. «nd went out ot the dmrch, and straight home. *? I vent about my voik * week or two, and then I felt I had no stomach for it I most bwe a chxngeo£some»rt,»naiainnot eeenow groom from Squire Bassetfs rode up, and caida^ounggentiBinanin tna yacht was off Watenmondi Bay, and wanted a bandy man todosomc work on board at once; ao he, toeing a. friend of mine, called to give tile job. Even tins was different from what I had been At fallfcaoflinbe.AaX'toolc spine wi(H*t; n*rt' toM ' m'utiieL- iu»L wait dinner for me ; got a lift in a boat as the tide served, and was time in no time. 'The yacht w»» off Watermoath Uul. (yon most go and see that, and the eaves there, too, young genUeoen, some day; a beaotiMtripitis). Well, I went on board, and Mr. Hamilton himself was there, and toU me at at once all he wanted done. I did it to bis satisfaction : he going up and down and coming back every now and then and asking me ji question «r two. ''Do yon know anything about working a 'ship f said he. Tve never been on board one like tin* sir,' I said, - but, of course, I am as much at home in oar fishing smacks and neb life craft, as on land, living always by the sea.' '*And your*re a handy man an can ^fea band to anything going on. I hear,' contmned Mr. Hamilton. ' And a sober one, too, which itbeatofalL' ?'Tea, sir, I hope so.' fCmuhttUdianatuime.) 