[?] "HE WINS WHO WAITS." BY G-ROSVEdSTOB, BURSTER, Author of "John Horton's Ward," Mark Felton," " The Beet Man Wins," " Caleb Thornton," &c.; CHAPTER XX. — ( Continued .) Meanwhile Captain Rath had carried Bertha, and her maid — for Euch the excellent fellow had constituted Maria Pipps — to pleasant lodgings in the vicinity of Higbgate. She had three appartments in a pretty cottage, standing in the midst of a blooming garden of roses, heleotropes, geraniums, and the like ; and the child was touched to notice how like this garden was to that which surrounded their own pretty cottage near Chester. Captain Rath was slightly sensible of this, and reminded her of the likeness. " It will, maybe, do you good sometimes, my dear," said he, " to look eout on these hyar posies and think of your old hum. Don't you fear. That hum will be yours agin, I reckon, when we get Master Ned back." Poor Bertha sighed as she wondered whether that happy time would ever arrive. But youth is hopeful, and the novelty and excitement of her new position soon dissi pated any gloomy thoughts. And thus the captain left her to arrange with his friend for her introduction to her employer. To hie surprise his friend took him to Higbgate also, to a house not far from that in which he had lodged Bertha. This was so far satisfactory. But when the lady of the house stood before him, and he dis covered in her no other than Ada Laplace, he uttered an ejaculation of wonderment. " Sakes," cried he, " Miss Laplace I" " Wall, da say." Ada Laplace smiled sadly. She was dressed in mourning. The grand beauty which she had boasted when last the captain had seen her had passed away. Her face waB now pitted by the marks of that terrible soourge of beauty — the small-pox. But her eyes were still sb brilliant a3 before, though with a lesser light of sweetness and resigna tion, and her glorious hair was still her own. "You recognise me, then," said she, as the captain shook her hand. "I du," said the captain, simply. "There ain't no other woman in all London has got your hair; nor, for that rpatter, eyes neither." She bnrst out laughing as she turned to the gentleman who had introduced the captain. "You see, Mr. Ranger, that I have still an admirer!" "I agree with him," said Mr. Ranger, a brisk little man, wearing spectacles, and with a bald head. " To me yon are Btill as beautiful as you were when empresB of the stage." " Come, come, tbisiB high-flown," cried Miss Laplace. " But let us to other matters than that of my poor scarred face." " But ain't you acting neow ?" asked the captain. " No, no," she answered, with a slight shudder, " all that is passed for ever. And now I lead a sweeter, more contented life than when my whole thought was applause and praise." "Wall, I ken understand that," said the captain. " I'm sorter ;New England in my notions of stage business ; don't seem to me the right thing for women. Then what, if I may make so bold, what du you du neow?" "I write for journals and periodicals." " Story books and sech ?" said the cap tain. " Same aB Mr. Rariger here." "Yes. Andnowwhat about tbeyonng lady?" " Wall," said the captain, thoughtfully, stroking his chin, "I didn't speck1 ate, I reckon, that it was you she", was comin' tu. There's a lot I'd like to Bay, you know, afore." "What you will," said Miss Laplace, with a smile. " But, I think yon can take the word of my friend, Mr. Ranger, that the young lady would be happy with me'." ",Tetch !" interrupted the captain. "Tain't that. Bat you see, it's a sorter fix. The child is young Harrington's sweetheart." The face of the authoress grew pale, but Bhe said : "The oreole?" , " Ay, the gal I told you of when yon went eout to Melbourne with me." "And she has need of work now ?" "Yes. The old man is dead, and there's sfitae fix about the property lie left behind him" " What you have told me," said Miss Laplace, eagerly, " makes me most anxious to see her. But come, before yon bring her. it is neoessary that I should relate to you some account of the manner in which Mr. Harrington and I were placed. Donbtless she ha3 heard." " That s jest it. She has not. But she kinder knows enough, you 8efl) t0 make her S little touohv on the point," and the Bkipper fidgetted with his big feet. Mr. Ranger, looking through his spectacles, and listening witii surprise, perceivtd that this was no matter for a third person's presence. So he bade them good-day, saying that the matter was now in the captain'shands. Miss Laplace, however, said : in«lfray' g0' Rfln2er. Stay to luncheon. If you'll turn into my Iibrarv, and look over my last proofs, I should take it as kind,'.' .arid (sbelaidber long, 'delicate I ' hand upon the other's armband smiled willr j : all her old sweetness. The captain, looking I down at her hand, noted a massive ring upon one finger : " Sakes," said he, " that's real grand." "It is concerned with my Btory," she said./ " Listen"" — and she nodded to Mr. Ranger as he ambled from the room, the ideal of an intellectual tomtit in pantaloons. Then she told the story as we know it. The captain listened intently, surprised, excited. "I know "the man," lis cried, as she con cluded. "I know the man— a dollar to a red cent." " And I also," was the answer, gravely. "It was the man you knew asYioker3 — whose name is Lasoasoas.' "Ha!" said thefcaptain. "I guess you knew him afore. You wasn't strange, I noticed, nor madam either." "Yes, we knew him before," said the woman, sadly ; " God knows we did," and she covered her eyes with her hand. Again Captain Rath noticed the ring. He started. " Sakes," he muttered, " that's the ring. Then you got it back from the thief." "Yes," she answered, solemnly, "it was recovered from the thief. If I were to tell you by what agency— as I feel and know the truth — yon wonld not believe." " " Wall," said the captain, " I'm not given to goin' the hull aligater in belief. But I shouldn't doubt your truth in tellin' me." "Then listen. Do you believe in com munication from the spirit world?" " Sartain," said he, calmly. " I've seen a heap of ghosts in my time." And he looked ' searchingly at her. "Not three months ago," said Ada Laplace, " as I sat in the evening, . writing, there came to me a presence which I felt and knew, but could not see. Had this been all., I should have doubted. But I felt— I swear it is the truth — a shadowy hand upon my brow. My eyes closed under the resist less pressure. For some moments I sat thus — a chill running through my blood—a feeling which I cannot describe ruling my being. Presently, with a start of relief, and a sense of warmth inspiring me, I awoke from this condition. And there, as I solemnly swear to you, lay this ring." "Wall," said Captain Rath, who had listened qnietly, " 'taint eout of reason. Thar s somethin' consarning that thar ring mor nor ornary." " True," murmured the woman, abstract edly, " more than ordinary. You are right. But now," she went on, with an effort, " you have heard my story. The crime which so nearly brought Mr. Harrington to ruin was certainly the work of Yickers or Lascassas. If he did but know that she who was his victim was his aunt !" " What ?" " Yes ; it iB true. I know it. But this is beside the question. And now', as "you know all, are you satisfied to let this child come to me ?" " Quite," was the answer. " I will bring her to you at once," and he arose with the decision of one who had made up his mind and meant to act. Soon he returned, bringing Bertha with him. The girl looked quickly at the woman. Then, as though by some'suddeninstinct, they read each other's thoughts, each turned and embraced. What is this mysterious sym pathy which so often actuates us, and by which we are attracted or repelled? "My dear girl," said Ada Laplace, "I shall do my best to make you happy." "I am sure of it," was Bertha's answer; " there is that in your face which tells me so. And I, on my part, Bhall strive to merit your confidence." The skipper standing by, and, as was his wont, thoughtfully stroking hiB chin, mut tered : " Animal magnetism, I guess. Wall, there's a deal in sech matters we know notkin' abeont, and so we laugh at 'em ;" and with this he followed the ladies into the luncheon-room. It was a bright and pleasant room, its appointments telling of the taste of its mis tress. The repast was as eloquent. It is by such matters that weread the character ; and Bertha, noting everything around with that quick appreciation which was an ele ment of her nature, and which delighted in warmth, grace, and light, felt more than ever assured that she and Miss Laplace would be happy in their relations. CHAPTER XXI. OMINOUS NEWS. Mr. Todd, junior, fairly furnished with means by his indulgent father, established himself in very cosy chambers in the neigh bourhood of Clement's Inn. He had at first a faint idea of studying for the law, with the ultimate purpose of becoming Lord Chan cellor of England, and so raising the mis tress of bis heart to a high social station. But this idea was abandoned by Todd, junior, when," having communicated it to Mr. Clium- ple, that personage pointed out that olose "study over misty law books invariably im perilled the use of spectacles at an early age, and developed crowsfeet, wrinkles, and such like enemies to personal appearance as were ill-fitted to attract a young and beautiful woman. Whereat Todd, jnnior, wagged his nose and chin in a very PnDch-like manner, and gave up all notion of the Lord Chancel lorship. Abandoning ambition in this direction, he entered upon its path in another. He here again adopted the advioe of the wily Chum ple, and, devoting himself to the study of at tire, the airs of the great dandies he met in the Row, the parks, and the streets, soon be- came the model of a man about 16wn. Also,, he took to certain tastes which, though little consonant with his natural weaknesses, were nevertheless — as urged by Mr. Chumple — the tastes of young gentlemen of standing in society. " Yon see, sir," said Mr. Chumple, as he one morning brought his master a jorum of Fodaand brandy — for Todd, jnnior, had, alas I fallen upon dissipation the previous night — "a yonng gentleman. as is not fly to the ways of tong can hardly be supposed „ to stand a chance with them that is. Now, this here young lady bein", as I judge, a young lady of sperrit, will natterally look to sperrit in him as seeks her affection e. Yon should let her see you, sir, on 'orsebaclr occasionally, or strollin' in fashionable stylo along the street, and let her see by your hair and style, sir, as you knows what the world is." Mr. Chumple turned away and bestowed a wink upon himself in approval of his own eloquence. Todd, junior, whose natural in stincts led to simplicity, and avoided the glare and feverish folly of what fast young men called life, was, nevertheless, much impressed by Mr. Cbnmple's worldly wisdom. And so he would attire himself after the model of the swell guardsman he observed in the streets, and mounting ahorse, a feat he only learned with mnok labour and perseverance at a neighbouring riding school, he would prance np to thelrdoor of Bertha's cottage, and there inqnire after her health, or deliver some message from his mother. Bertha, of course, understood the youth's pretences. But she was honestly very friendly to Tood, junior,; who had proved so staunch and true ; and albeit she could not avoid an occasional laugh at Todd, junior's, wagging nose and fashionable smirk as he approached the house. She was always ready with ft smile and gracious words. Thus, then, Todd junior's hopes re vived ; and this arising much out of Mr. Chumplt's counsel . that personage'sdnfiaeueo j and wages were naturally very much augmented. - .. i In the meantime, however Ifc; i must - be j confessed that Todd, junior, fell into evil ways, \Habit, as we know, is a great master ;, ! and the habits which the young man; sow acquired in his pursuit of fashionable dis sipation— as necessary to fashionable . dis-: tinction — were not of a character, to give his parents; had they known the truth,; a very favourable -impression of their offspring's stability of character, ' Mr. Todd, juhior, in deed, having fallen in with a fast set, had become surprisingly well-informed in fast ways, so that, within six months of his resi dence in London, he was, in the habit of giving little sappers to certain ladies and gentlemen whose. lax notions and moralities would have shocked Todd, senior, more than he bad ever been surprised by the explosion of bis own torpedoes. Itjhappened that Yickers, being in London, and pressed for money, came across Mr. Todd, jnnior, as that young gentleman, com ing home from the opera, was having a row with a cabman. Yickers, settling .the matter by a prompt and friendly interference, was thanked by Todd, junior, with effusive grati tude. Cards were exchanged. . The next day the gentlemen met. Did Yickers know so. and so ? Know them. He should think so. They were as brothers; and sisters. Would Mr. Yickers then honour Mr. Todd, jnnior, by his presence at a" little supper at his rooms that evening. Mr. Yickers would be delighted. And so, that evening, among the com pany of actresses and their cavaliers, Mr. Yickers found . a place. If Mr. Todd, junior, had been an observant young man he might have seen that some very signifi cant glances passed between the men when Mr. Yickers was announced by Mr. Chumple, and thak among the ladies a certain flutter was perceptible, such as occurs in a dove- cote when a hawk is seen aloft, ready poised for a descent upon its occupants. But Mr. Yickers, whatever he might think of the manner of the reception, gave no indication of its effect upon him. He was as easy and composed as ever, saluting several of the gentlemen . by familiar names, and doing the like by some of the ladies. It was evident by the manner of those so favoured that Mr. Yickers was a little more feared than liked. As he would have himself argued, this was just the position for a man of the world to be placed in. " And where have you been these many months, Mr. Yickers?" asked one stout gentleman, a leading heavy man at one of the London theatres. "My good Podgy," said Mr. Yickers, picking at a fowl's wing, " how you talk. One would think that I possessed one. of those mechanical memories which; I understand, are so useful in your profes sion. I have been everywhere— to < Paris , Rome, Florence, Yienna, Prague — ay, to Constantinople itself." "Lord !"'said Mr. Todd, junior. "What a lucky fellow 1" " Don't think, it, my dear, sir," said Yickers. " Travel is a grest bore. ; I tried America two years back, was wrecked and carried to Australia. That was slightly; exciting." " Wrecked 1" echoed the company. " Ay, in the Hellespont. You may re member hearing of it." - r " God bless me !" exclaimed Todd, junior. " This is very singular" " In what respect, Mr. Todd ?" "Well, I don't mean that; it is exactly singular, you know — a sort of coincidence." "Why, were you, too, wrecked?" asked Yickers. " I don't remember." . "Me! Oh, no; not at all. Only I know a young lady who had a cousin in that vessel, and he, too, was carried to Aus tralia." " Inconvenient cousin, Mr. Todd," cried a fair actress. . "He should have been drowned." - "Not at all," said Todd, junior. "But the fact is, I take some interest in the— the — young lady, you know." "Doubtless," murmured the company, significantly, leaving Mr. Todd blushing and perspiring. " What was our cousin's name, sir?" asked Yickers. " Harrington, sir- — Mr. Edward Harring ton.-" Not even Mr. Yickers" powers of self- command could quite control the pallor which grew into his face as he heard this. "... . ; "I knew him," he said." "In fact, he was a sort of comrade of mine. But, poor fellow, he got into some scrape about an actress and her jewellery', and left for New Zealand. You may have heard of her. A Miss Ada Laplace," he went on, look ing around at the company. " Of course," assented. several, and then Todd, junior, eagerly stuttered, That's it. That's the lady by whom my— no, the young lady I take a sort of interest in, you know— is employed."— - " Eh !" said Yickers. "No. - Ada, La place died of small-pox at Rio Janeiro." "Not a bit of it," said the stout actor, glad of an opportunity to contradict one who had so familiarly addressed him as Podgy. " Not a bit of it. I saw her this very day. She don't act now, though. Beauty gone— eyesight bad, and all that." "Do you mean to say," cried Yickers, sternly, ,l that Ada Laplace,, the actress, ds here in London ?" . (To be continued.) , 