NOTES BY THE WAY. BR PASTORAL. " He that has a little tiny wit, With heigho ho, the wind and the rain, Must make content with his fortune fit, Though the rain it raineth everd day." I heard this sung very prettily by King Lear's fool a week or two age, while on a flying visit to Adelaide, and it made me think how vastly content we all were with the wind and the rain, and its attendant discomforts. The late rains will make a vast difference to our incoming harvest. A marked improvement in the crops, especially the late sown, is apparent to the most unobservant. The cold cutting winds and sharp frost of a few weeks previous to the change had almest completely stagnated vegetation, and things generally were beginning to look anything but "keenly" for a remunerative harvest. But all this is now changed, you c an almost see the wheat grow. It will also have a most beneficial effect on land to be laid under fallow, causing the drake, oats, &c.; to spring, and giving the ploughman a chance to turn them in and destroy them, thus obviating the necessity of scarifying and harrowing, which means a considerable saving in the farmers' yearly expenditure. Agricola is therefore in great spirits, and smiling faces meet you on every side. $ We have had a busy week or two on the station, mustering ewes and lamb's, and counting tails, I am happy to say that some/ of the paddocks turned out 90 per cent., and ; that the average was about 85—very fair considering the havoc the "cocky's" dogs make at this time of the year, they appear particularly to enjoy lamb chops, served up warm, with none of the juices extracted, they prefer to do that themselves. It is a singular thing that no man ever possessed a dog that would look at a sheep with a covetous eye. I am frequently assured by neighboring farmers, who possess dogs with most villanous j>hysiognomys, that they are the most gentle creatures imaginable, never indulge in nocturnal excurtions, rather prefer vegetable diet to carnivorous, and, as for lamb—Lor' bless yer, Sir— ,wouldn't touch 'em if they was cooked.' We, however, occasionally catch one in our spring traps, and cover the owner with confusion of face, obloquoy, and obligatory pecuniary compensation. I am of opinion that we shall have a good clip, this year, the wool is well forward, of good quality, and of. uniform growth, there having been no period of scarcity of feed or water since last shearing. I see by the daily papers that somebody has been doing the ghost business again. I can sympathise with the feelings of the parties that get a shock of this kind, as I (thought I) saw a ghost myself once. It is now six years ago since Poor Peter H., a shepherd oh this run, at the Ten-mile Hut, caught dysentiy and died. He was an old servant, and a good one, and I had taken considerable trouble in trying to pull him through, not having had my clothes off for five nights, when after helping the carpenter to make his coffin we put him in, and about 10 p.m. I started for the village graveyard where he was to be interred, some 30 miles distant. My reason for this was that it was fearfully hot weather, and poor Peter being a Catholic his ~ wife believed he would not rest out of consecrated ground. I had made arrangements for his wife and family to start at daylight, so that 1 was all alone, seated On a coffin, with a dense scrnb road, and ne'er a house for many miles. It was a melancholy journey, and my mind wandered back to various sombre scenes I had passed through. I numbered, my lost friends; brought to mind the incidents seen or related of thei?- last hours, ruminated on the mutability of human life, then speculated on various theories I had heard enunciated, of an existence after death—the many stories I had heard^and read of the reappearance of ; - departed friends—r-until what with my fancies, my bodily fatigue, and perhaps reaction from a season of excitement, I got into quite a nervous state, and the flight of every bird the rumble of my trap disturbed and startled me fearfully. It was.• abouti20 miles from home—time 2 a.m.—had just~ emerged from some timber and was opposite a garden - with thick shrubberies, when between two large bushes I saw a tall white figui-e clearly-in.the moonlight—long black hair streaming over tho shoulders—eyes appearing to glisten with appalling brightness—face shining deathly white,' in horrible contrast with the black locks of hair, " and one arm raised, as I imagined, ; in a menacing manner—the reins dropped from' my nerveless hands—large beads of perspiration stood on my forehead, and my hair stiffened atod rpse with terror, when the spell was broken by an exclamation which sounded like " Gosh V' and the apparition turned and fled—the old horse, frightened in his turn, started into a trot with the reins at heels—the jerk pitching me off the coffin into tbe bottom of the trap, heels up, io the severe detriment of the back of my head, and by the time 1 had pulled "myself together * and persuaded the old mare to stop, we were a mile past my ghost. The poor woman, nb doubt, had found it too hot to slumber, and was taking - an airing, when the sudden appearance of a k u ggy> with a man seated on a coffin^ ^douMess threw her into the tragic attitude whiph my heated imagination construed into the most" appropriate for a being of the unseen world to ' assume. I was not very much longer on* the road ; and I verily believe that* my skm did not • ; lose its goose feel for a couple of days afterwards ---- —at any rate I never wish to see another ghost. ; , • : . i 