NEWS OF THE DAY. By a telegram in another column, from our Benalln correspondent, it will be seen that the police have received reliable intelligence that the Eellys have returned to their old quarters at the head of tho King river. The place is being surrounded witli troopers, and the speedy capture or death of the gang is anticipated. We understand that it is the intention of the Government to submit the resolutions of the Legislative Council to discussion in the Assembly this afternoon. Let us hope that tho disoussion may lead to some practical re sult. Tho Australian Eleven will commence their first match in tho colonies, after their return from England and America, at Sydnoy to morrow. The match will be againBt fifteen Now, South Wales cricketers, - and the follow, ing have been selected to represent the <folony : — Allen, Burrows, Davis, Evans, E_ Gregory, Jessop, Massie, Powell, Seale, Sheridan, Thompson, Tindall, Tooher, Wood, Crane and Geary. Of these, Evans, E. Gregory, Massie, Powell, Tindall, Tooher, Sheridan, Geary and others, arc well-known in tho cricket Holds of the neighboring colony. Allen is a colt who, in tho recent trial match, fifteen colts againBt clevon veterans, made, in splendid style, the fine score of 82, not out. Davis is another colt, who in the same match contributed -17. Crane is also a young and promising player. Wood is an excellent wicket-keeper, and bids fair to rival Murdoch in this department of tho game. Altogether, the team is a strong one, although it is reported that Evans is quite out of form this season, both with tho hat and the ball, and that his bowling is certain to ho cruelly punished by the champion batsmen. Still, a close and exciting match may he expected, and thero will be deep anxiety evinced to know how the bowling of Spoflorth Boyle, Garrett and Allen will tell with such batsmen as are comprised in the fifteen. Should they succeed in nego tiating it satisfactorily, it will be most gratify ing to admirers of Australian cricket, after tho mnnnor in which our champion bowlers, and especially Spofforth and Boyle, stuck up the crack batsmen of England, tho mighty W. G. Grace not oxcepted. This match is likely to give tho first real Impetus of tho season to cricket ; and, no doubt, tho doings of the four and-twenty Victorian cricketers who have been elected to practice for tho match against thg Australian Eleven in Melbourne, will bo watched with interest. It is to be hoped that they will practice in earnest, and that nets, 006e bowling, and slogging will not be the dis- inguishing features of their performances. In another column we report an important deputation from tho property-owners of Col_ lingwood, Fltzroy, etc. against the establish, ment of a Contagious Diseases Hospital on the Heidelberg road. It Jb represented that although an outbreak of small-pox, or anything of tho kind, may not occur more than once in a series of years, yet the fear of it will tend to lower property in tho neighborhood of tho proposed hospital. In fact, thoownorsdreada permanent depreciation, and this has led thorn to bring forward a num. ber of arguments — some real and more imagi- nary — on public grounds, Mr Berry has un dertaken to suspond action in the matter for a month. At the District Court to-day, eight market gardeners were charged with obstructing the public footpaths along Bourkc-streot by hang ing up rabbits, vegetables, and other produce, ,-uid halting their carts alongside the pavement. JSlr Stephen prosecuted, auuMrReaddefended. The unresting constable, Griffin, evidenced that it hud hccuino an intolerable nuisance to. passers-by and the shop-keepers along Bourke- streot. The defenco was, that no' cognizance had been taken by . tho Corporation before this, and it was a strange proceeding to liavo a number of men brought up at the instance of a policeman. Mr Call considered that a nominal fine must be imposed, ns a warning to o.thcr gardonors, hut at tho same time considered it a strange proceeding on tho pnvt of the Corporation to allow tho violation of their bye- laws with such impunity. A nominal fine of Is on each of the defendants was inflicted. Wo arc informed that, in tho matter of tho estate of Patrick Coady Buckloy, of Gippsland, who died some years since, intestate, and left property to the valuoofoverJBlOO.OOO.afurthcr complication is likely to arise. It will be re- memliorcd that an old man named Thomas Ma her, after Buckley's death, produced what purported to lie a will of the deceased mail. _ Malicr was tried for the forgery of this will and was convicted ; but a technical difficulty arose, and anew trial was ordered; liut in the meantime Mahcr died in gaol, having first executed a will, by which he bequeathed to-Mr Thomas W.Lloyd, of Little Collins street, the whole of his interest in tho estate and all other property. Of course tho death of Mailer put an end to all further proceedings of tho forgery of the will pur porting to bo Buckley's. The estate of Buck ley has sineo been the subject of proceedings in Equity, and the Master has now sent in his report, in which ho finds that Buckley was horn in wedlock, and that somo oight or nine persons, who are his first-cousins, aro entitled to share his property equally between them. Amongst tho number was tho man Malier, who died in gaol, it appearing, on ovidonce being taken, that he was a cousin of Buckley's. It would therefore seem that Lloyd, being sole legatee under Maher's will, Is entitled to his share of Buckley's estate. A lad named Knowles was charged to-day, at tho District Court, with swimming in the Ynrrn yesterday above Princes' Brid-e. A fino of 2s 6u was imposed on him, but not having tho money in his possession, ho asked to bo allowed time to pay it, when ho was told ho would have to go to gaol. On hearing that remark, an elderly person who was in court stopped forward, and said lie would not see the lad go to gaol, and paid the fine for him, the lad expressing his gratitude by wringing the old mail's hand, while tears poured down liis cheeks. The following are the names of those who have passed in single subjects, under special regulations, for degrees in medicine at the University of Melbourne : — Materia Medica, M. Johnson ; Botany, M. Johnson ; Compara tive Anatomy, M. Johnson; Senior Descriptor and Surgical Anatomy, S. O. Higgins, F. II. Eastwood ; General Anatomy, Physiology, and Pathology, S. O. Higgins, A. C. Brown- less, F. II. Eastwood ; Surgery, A. C. Brown- less. William Roberts, who was found drunk and incnpablc of taking care of himself yesterday, in Elizabeth street, when examined at tho watchhouse was found to havo 193 sovereigns in his possession. This morning, ho was brought up before tho City Magistrates, and fined the usual sum of Ss. It was then suggested to him to jiut some small sum into tho City Poor-box, out of gratitude for the protection afforded to his money, a request which ho complied with by placing a sovereign therein The Prahran police aro making inquiries with regard to the neglected boy of weak in tellect, named Grcon, who has been at the police station for about ten days. The business among the shipping is at present very dull, the wharves beiug partially deserted and wearing quite a Sunday aspect on account of the number of vessels waiting for a cargo without being able to succeed in load ing up as quickly as usual. The rwinui for tho present depression is not very evident, many causes being assigned for it. among which the Celestial movement in Sydnoy figures largely. The Harbor Trust have made no further hostile movement against tho dock proprietors, everything being very quiet, and in keeping with tho general aspect of affairs in the locality. Conrad Heins was charged at the Sandridge Police Court, this morning, with unlawfully and maliciously wounding Henry Spiller. The affray arose out of prosecutor going to his house, and finding prisoner there, ordering him away. A row ensued, resulting in complainant receiving some injuries which necessitated his removed to the hospital. The hearing of the case was adjourned till Thurs day next. Mr J'lummer applied for hail, and was requested lo ixnow the application cm Saturday next. There is an amusing story going about in police circles with regard to an enthusiastic member of the force, to whom an individual mysteriously reported that lu: had been stuck up by Kelly ami Co., at Brandy Creek. Tho policeman was satisfied with nothing less than interviewing tin- "'Chiuf," and quite a commo tion was tho result. It turned out that the supposed "bailee" was found obtaining money by false pretences, in one of tho suburbs, oil the day of tho sticking up, and took this daring means of establishing an alibi. In short, the tho whole was a cock and bull story. Professor Baldwin's entertainment continues to draw good houses to St. George's Hall. The question most debated in connection with the performance is, does tho professor expose spi ritualism '! Mr D'Arey Read's clever entertainment a' the Atlicnicum continues to amuse and mys tify his audiences. Everybody should. see these wonderful ghosts. They indulge in mostun- ghostly antics, being most amusing, but de cidedly spectral. Late advices from Calcutta state that the Fakir of Oolu (Dr Silve-ter) with his wife and dnughtcr, Miss Daisy Silvester, the young lady who created so great a sensation here as the entranced lady, were Join" an immense business at tho theatro riveted by Mr Lewis. The crystal fountain is still Dr Silvester's piece de resistance. Thero is to be a popular concert at the Town Hall to- morrow ovenit:;.'. when the' 'performers will ho Mdlle Olga Oulioin, Mi-s ltosina Carandini, Madame Caiuii, M. Caron, and Mr Hart. « On Saturday evening, in the Melbourne Town Hall, the Rev Charles Clark will com mence his farewell series of lecture entertain ments, prior to returning to England. A novel feature in connection with this final course will be the introduction of organ re citals before and after the lecture, for which the sorvices of Mr David Lee, the city organist, havo been retained. Saturday is St. Andrew's Day, and the subject chosen for tho opening lecture will lxi appropriate to the occasion — viz., "Lord Macaulay ; Historian, Poet, States man," whioh is one of Mr Clark's more recent lectures, and ono of his best. It has never yet been given in the Town Hall. The oration will he illustrated with selections from the prose and practical writings of the great Anglo-Scotchman, including the spirit-stirring song of tho Arinada, the ancient Roman lay of lloratius, the thrilling description of the siege and relief of Derry, and (for t.ho first time) tho trial of Warren Hastings. Thero will he a general charge of ono shilling all over the hall, with the exception of tho balcony. Mr W. R. Furlong announces that bin fourteenth annual pupils' concert will take place this evening at Hockins' rooms. Tho programme is a long and well selected one. Mr Theodore Hamilton, a young actor of Seat ability, has been appearing at the Opera ouse since Monday hist, in conjunction with Mr C. Wheatleigh, in a dramatised version of Sir Walter Scott's Lady of the Lake. Mr Hamilton is most certainly deserving of the favor with which he is nightly received. He plays with much spirit and effect. Mr Wheat leigh is a valuable support to the pioce, and the members of tho company nil acquit them- solvcs well. The Lady of tho Lake will be repeated this evening. Mr Emery'B engagement at the Theatre Royal is drawing to an end. Ho will appear to-night for tho last time in the double bill which has been played this week, and those who desire to seo him as Giles in Rovenge, and Capt. Cuttle in Heart's Delight, must take advantage of this opportunity. To-morrow eyoning, Mr Emery will take his benefit, and will make his final appearance. Mr George Rignold will on that occasion appear in selections from Henry tho Fifth. Tho Bells of Corneville, at tho Academy of Music, has been drawing excellent houses all tho week. It is so well played, and is such a very pleasant evening's entertainment, that this is hardly to he wondered at. At the Princess's Theatre this evening Air Morton Tavares will appear in his masterpiece Sir Harcourt Courtly, in London Assurance. In this character Mr Tavares is simply inimitable and a visit to the Princess's will well repay tho trouble, 