A'A'WS OF THE DAY. Further intelligence from Europe appears in another column. Throughout tho evening the line was reported to be working badly, and the first European message did not come to hand until considerably after two o'clock this morning. On the meeting of the Legislative As- sembly this afternoon, Mr. Berry will make a statement in reference to the interpretation put upon the expressions used by him at tho Ministerial caucus held last Thursday. Tho Bouse will again prooeed to the consideration of the additional estimates in committee of supply, when the discussion on tho item of ilflUOU for the expenses of the proposed delegation to England will be coutinned. The ameudment moved by Mr. Munro, limiting the delegates to certain definite pro posals, will lirat have to be disposed of, .after which the amendment of Mr. K. Clark, of Sandhurst, in favor of an appeal to the ooun- trv, will probably be brought forward. Should tho House get through committee of supply, the Charitable Trusts Property Vesting liill will be proeeoded with. The amendments of tho- Legislative Council in the Lien on Growing Crops Bill, the Bankers' Books Evidence Bill, the Victorian Exhibi tion Bill, the Juries Statute Amendment Bill, and the Fisheries Act Amendment Bill, are also to be taken into consideration. In . the Legislative Couucil the Neglected and Criminal Children's Bill, and the bill autho rising the expenditure of £5,000 in railway surveys are to bo brought on for their second reading. The Hobson's Bay Railway Purchaee.Bill and tho Babbit Nuiaanoe Sup pression Bill are to be read a third time. As tho occasion of tho Mayoral banquet on Saturday has beeu seized by the Opposi tion fur the purpose of making the usual ill-nnturcd comments and vulgar misrepre sentations at the expense of the Governor, .it is but simple justice to her Majesty's repre sentative to stato that he received a more than ordinarily hearty weloomo from everybody, savo a few of the most conspi cuous of tho law-and-order party, who be trayed themselves by their efforts to hide their chagrin. Although the proposal to ask Sir C. Gavan Duffy to proceed to England as one of tho delegation upon the subject of tho reform of the constitution has been seriously enter tained by theGovernmeut, no definite request has yet been made to Sir Charles on the sub ject," so that his own intentions have not been made known. There is, however, some doubt as to whether the lion, gentleman will accept the invitation. Owing to the death of l.adv Duffy it is understood that Sir Charles" has uo longer any strong desire to visit England, unless he is particularly de sired to do so. There iB no truth whatever in the state ment to which so much prominence was given bv a contemporary Ust night, to tho effect that Mr. AInnro ynsterday waited ori the Chief Socretary and offered to take charge of the Reform Bill, at the Hamo time submitting proposals as a basiB for negotiations between the two chambers of the legislature. The following extract from a letter from a Melbourne merchant, now in London, whose sympathies when hero were all with the Jingoes, , speaks for itself; — "Association with business men in England is not much pleasure, all are so full of their grievsncee, all picture their present as so bad and their future so hopeless. I find it very depressing, and I cannot myself see any favorable changb coming on. The foreign trade of England is going in a gallop, other countries, especially America and Belgium, completely distancing it - oven the home market is attacked at all points. A11 you eat and drink, and one-half of all yon use and wear and household re quirements, are foreign make. The English makers csuuot keep their own trade, why should they expect loreign? Then the 'Imperial instincts' of that crazy idiot Deaconsfield, and his unreasoning fear, cowardice and hatred of Russia, have com pletely destroyed all confidence in peace or security, Capital- withdraws itself,- and no enterprise is in the land. The military class, and those who fatten npon tho expenditure of other people's money, gloat over tho tur moil. It is their innings, and tho still small voice of reason is drowned amidst their clamor. There will come a time when the nation will wake np from its dream and its folly, and then the blatant Jingoes of the hoar will be the loudest to assert ' they never believed in the charlatan.' Worst feature of all, we have lost our character ; no longer tho honest Englishman Whose word ia his bond. Wo have been found oat tricky, dishonest, deoeitful, far more flagrantly than we over even taxed Russia with." It is an amusing commentary on .the jere miads of the Conservative press that there is not a plasterer in Ballarat now out of work ; that plasterers have been sought for in vain in Melbourne to come to Ballarat, and that . generally the building trade of that town has not been so busy and prosperous for years. The Ballarat Courier remarks : — "If this is the result of having a Berry Ministry, then the longer that Ministry re mains in office the better it will for tho community." H.M.S. corvetto Sapphire left Hobsous Bay yesterday for Geolong, where she will remain for three or'fonr days prior to going back to Sydney. She was escorted by H.M. colonial steam sloop Viotoria. Thero will be a hank holiday at Dsylesford on Friday next, the 15th inst. It is also notified in a Bnppleinent to the Government Gazette that the general list toe tho Epping division of tho South Province will be re- vised at Epping on Thursday, the 14th inst. The adjourned meeting of tho West Mel bourne Branoh Reform League was held last night, at Stewart's Family Hotel, Spen cer-street; the president, Mr. Walter. Brown, in the chair. After disposing of the ordinary routine business, tbe following re solution, proposed by Mr. Dnnn and seconded by Mr. Madden, was carried unanimously : — "That thiB. branch of tho National Reform League approves of the step th Government are taking in sending an embassy to tbe Im perial Parliament to nrge the necessity of altering our constitution." < A meeting of the members of tho National Reform and Protection League was held at the Trades' Hall yesterday evening, for the purpose of considering the proposal to seud an Embassy to England in connection with tho Government Reform Bill. Mr. Fisher occupied the chair, and there were over eighty persons present. On the motion of Mr. Dickson, seconded by Mr. Drew, it was unanimously resolved that the Constitution Act had been proved thoroughly unwork- able, and onght to be amended by the British Parliament so as to place the Legislative Assembly iu the same position to tbo Legislative Council, so far as finance is - concerned, aa ths House of Commons occupies towards tho House of Lords. Mr. M 'Veigh then moved, " That it is desirable that an influential deputation bo ap pointed; as recommended by M r. Berry, to make suoh representations to the Secretary of State for the Colonies as may be necessary to effect tho purpose he aims at, either by passiug a bill to enable the colonists to settle amongst themselves all difficulties amongst themselves, or else so amend tho consti tution as to deprive tho Council of the power to veto, and end deadlocks." Mr. lovers seconded the motion, which was ultimately carried, after a scene of wild disorder created by two professional agi tators attached to tho party of obstruction, who were evidently present for tho express purpose of creating a disturbance, and if possible breaking np the meeting. An amendment to tho effeot that it was not desirable for any embassy to proceed to England only found three supporters to vote for it. Evidence was heard before the Lnnd Tax Commissioners yesterday in an appeal by Mr. James Finlay against tho classification of 17S7 acres of land in the North-eastern district, known as tho Towong Estate, placed in the first class. Mr. J. I'. T. Smith ap peared for the Crown, and Mr. Kerferd lor the appellant. The evidonoo was not con cluded when tho oourt adjourned until to- I day. A number oi reserved judgments will be dolivored by tbe commission this morning. An action wns commenced in the Supremo Court yesterday, before the Chief Justice and a iiirv of twelve, in whioh the pub- lishers of tho Anjus newspaper were sued for £1000 damages for libel. The plaintiff wua Mr. John Crowther, a commission agent residing at Ballarat. The libel con. sisted of two paragraphs which appeared iu the letter of tho Ballarat correspondent, published in the Argus on the 2nd Feb- ruary, 1S78, and 20th July, 1878, respec tively. The paragraphs were in reference to certain proceedings in connection with a meeting of the Ballarat Woollen Company, and were to the effeot that the plaintiff had been improperly exercising his influence to injure the company by misrepresenting the true state of its affairs, and that tho direo. tors disclaimed, at a meeting held on 2(5th July, having any baud in tho dictation or pnblication of a pamphlet entitled "Vindex," of whioh the plaintiff was the author. Also that he was donounced at the meeting as a sham and a public dis. turber, whom tho company should havo nothing more to do with. The defendants pleaded not guilty and justification. Evidence was called for the plaintiff to show : that tho statements roferrod to him, and several witnesses were then oxamincd for the defence, the object of which was to show that the plaintiff had made various charges iu his pamphlot against the direc tors and officers of the oorapany, and had otherwise acted in such a manner as to justify the comments made. Tho case was not cottoluded when tho court adjourned until to-day. A case of a somewhat unusual character was brought before the insolvency court yesterday, when au examination was held into the affairs of an insolvent firm after a certificate of discharge had beeu granted by the court. Tho estate in question was that of Messrs. S. and L. Solomon, late of Swan, ston-stroet, furniture dealers ; and tbe ob. jeot of the examination was to elicit whether a sum of money hod been handed to Mr. H. F. Harris, wiio bought the ostato from the assignee by a person named Carr, which it was alleged should have been paid to the assignee. The insolvents wore tho only witnesses examined, aud they denied all knowledge of the transaction, and the ex amination oloBed. Tho following applications for letters patent have been granted, viz. : — On the 1st inst., that of Mr. Jas. Morrow, Bouverio- stroet, Carlton, for nu improvement in the manufacture oi the comb of machines for stripping grain. On tho 8th inst., that of Messrs. Marriott and Humphreys, of 1 Little Lonsdale-street east, for an improved appa. ratus for tilling certain descriptions of aerated watter bottles ; that of Mr, Joseph Bags, of Ramornie, N.S.W., for machinery and a process for converting tallow into a substance. called butterine, &c.; ; and that of Mr. John Ilichardson, of Lincoln, England, lor certain improvements fti portable and scmi-portabie'enginea for winding and pnmp- ingpurpoeee. Mr. Waters appeared for the applicants in the lirat two oases, Mr. Crolier represented Page, aud Mr. liiggall con ducted the last case. The works committee of the Melbourne Harbor Trust met yesterday afternoon, and discussed the dispute with Messrs. Wright, Orr and Co. What was done at the meeting was kept a prnfound secret, but that some, thing oflensive towards Messrs. Wright, Orr aud Co. was decided upon appears pretty certain, as immediately after the meeting the dredge Platypus was hauled alongside the dock bank aud set to work. This occurred at a late hour, and the dock hands were in a manner taken.by surprise, so that no resistance was offorod to the threatened de struction of thedock bsnk; butitisvery prob able, if operations are continued in the same way to day, that similar scenes to tboBe which oocurred a few weeks ago in the Yarra bank will bo repeated. Already the dredging operations carried on near the dock have damaged the bank, but not to such au extent as to render the dock itself dan gerous. Tho eighteenth annual ineetiug of the Baptist Association commenced laBt night, in the Baptist Church, Collins- street. The session was inaugurated by an address from the chairman of tho year, tho Rev. W. Poole, who took for his subject, Some Foun dations of Our Faith. These were the his toric basis of Christianity, its growth and its effect upon individuals and the world. In concluding, Mr. Poolo touched on the nlleged conflict between science and religion. He urged that, as ali trutliB rau in converg- ing lines to a common oentre, ultimately religion and science must' be found in har mony — though the statements of both inight havo to bo modified. Meanwhile Christiana should be perfectly prepared to accept the nroved facts of soiencc, but not unproved theories or mere guesses attruth. ThoadUrcss was well receivod, and -evoked, hearty ap plause. Tho Rev. F. Hlbbert, of Sydney, and Rev. F. Lloyd, of Alberton, South Abf tralia, were introduced to the meeting aa representatives of the Baptists in those colonies, and received a hearty welcome. The business meetings of the association commence to-day, and this evening tbe Rev. L. B. Brown will preach the association ser mon in the Collins-streotChnrcb, snd a united communion service will be 'held at "its close. - . . A meeting of bricklayers was held lut night, in the Trades' Hall, when the sub ject of the lock-ont at the Eastern Market- buildings was again discussed. Nearly »U the speakers justified the action of the brick layers in finuly demanding the Saturday half-holiday at their own expense, and it was determined to continue the lock-out until they were met iu a reasonable spirit. A sudden death occurred at South Prestoo on Friday last. Mrs. Sutton, aged fifty- seven, had retired with her family ior the niglit, and shortly afterwardB she was heard calling for a light. Un that being bronght it was found she was coughing np blood, and before medical aid arrived she was dead. Deceased had been in delicate health of late, and a certificate was given that the cause of death was ohoking through the ruptura of a blood vessel. Sarah Bond, nfty.nine years of age, was admitted into the Melbourne Hospital yes terday, suffering from a lacerated ivontid in the forehead, oaused by being thrown out of a cab. A similar accident occurred to a vouce man named H. Mayes, and he also was ad. mitted into tbo hospital, suffering from cuts on tho head and shoulders. Amy Rowells and Annie Anderson, littU girls, were again brought before the City Court yesterday, charged with being " neglected children. It was shown last week that they had been discovered in a loath, some condition in low houses in Brogan's-lane - and Little Bourke- Btreet. Mr. Panton ordered the childron to be sent to the indus trial schools for seven years, and, as ths mothers promised to pay 5s. per week each for their support, they wcro discharged on tho charge of neglecting their children. Alice Clark, the woman in whose house one of the Jittlo children was maltreated, w&a; sent to gaol for six months for vagrancy. A respectable looking man named Cor nelius O'Brien was charged with assanlting. Constable Caffrey whilst iu the execution of" his duty on the raceconrse on Saturday last. Caffrey stated that he desired the defendant to leave the coarse, in consequence of a disturbance which occurred immediately before tho steeplechase was run. O'Brien, however, refused to go, and whilst Caffrey was remonstrating with him be struck him twice in the face. Two constables also gave evidence that O'Brien was very violent in his conduct. For the defence Charles Hardy was called, who said that he saw Constable Caffrey drag O'Brien froiu the course and then strike him. Corroborative evidence was given by Michael Carroll, carrier; and James Scorfield, cab proprietor. Mr. Panton said be believed the evidence -of tbe police, and was determined to protect them in the exe cution of their duty. Ho then fined the de fendant £10, or in default one month's im prisonment. Notioe of appeal was given. Tho market erected by the Richmond Towu Cotinoil, on the ground in Church- street at the rear of tho town hall, is to be opened for buBincs3 this morning. It is stated that there will be numerous vendors there, aud that meat and a variety of pro duce will all be offered at low rates. The anniversary of the birthday of the Prinoo of Wales was celebrated in Geelong (writpa our correspondent) yesterday, when the majority of the business houses observed a close holiday. The bay )vas rendered ad- ditioually attractive by the arrival of H.M.S. Sapphire aud tho colonial Government steamer Viotoria. The man-of-war will re main in Corio Bay until Friday morning, but visitors will only be allowed ou board ou Tuesday and Thursday. The commander and officers of the Sapphire have reoeived invitations to bo present at the mayor's banquet this (Tueaday) evening. An amateur performance will be given this ovoning, at tho Academy of Musio, under the patronage of his Excellency the Governor aud Lady Bowen, Sir Redmond Barry, Captain Murray aud tho Mayor and Corpori. tion of Melbourne. The object sought ie to aid, conjointly, iho fuads of the Childrou'i Hospital and the Shipwreck Relief Society. The operetta of Blue Beard, recently, per- formed successfully at St. Kilda, will be re peated by the same company. Richelieu was played at the Opera House last eveuing, with Mr. Creswiok as the Car dinal. Tho Bame piece will be given this evening. The Vagabond of Sandy Bar was repeated at the Academy of Musio yesterday evening Tbe pieco wont well. The Bporting drama, the Flying Buck, continues to attraot the publio at the Prin cess's Theatre. It was again successfully played last evening. The United States Minstrels were again successful in amusing their patrons at 8t. George's Hall last night. They announce the present week as terminating their season. i Tho Ghost entertainment was well re- ceived at the Athenreum last night, sud will be repeated to-uigbt. Mr. It. Murray Smith will deliver u lecture it Oxlord-stro-t Church Ulis evening. 'Ihe tuL-ject is "A \V -riling Matt." In consequence of the illness of the seretsry, Mr. \Ynlcu, the committee ol the Jleltourue aihvuguiu tlitl not meet ycvtenlay. .... The monthly meeting of the Impeml Building so ciety was hold on Monday evening, 'due receipt Lr the month wero £475. .. . The telephone und niicrophonc will ho exmttwi and explained thU ovenlng by -Mr. \V. 0. Cutrey, »t . St, Mark's schoolroom, Fitzrey. The i-ev. K. B. Harlow will pr-siac. . . iuo Loyal Orange Institution intend to hold i t-r. vice, publlc'tucuting and ball in the Protectant Hsll on Wednesday, in commemoration of tho alb Noveuj. ber. 'lite cuiuinlttee will meet to-night. MisaMi-lulo ou'a put-its' concert tvtll take place suits ; Hotlniui Tuwu nail thin evening. The progmiumeu well selected, nmt ttnteng tho artists who will ssint will be MibS Holland, nerr Meyer, Mr. I). 1'. liutonej and several other lintlee end gentlemen. 'The name of bir Kodmond littrry Bhould hsvo wen inserted in the list of patrons of the amateur seler- tuinmeht given lo-nlttht ot the Academy ol Musio in aid of the funds of the Children's Hospital snu tee Shipwreck Relief Futm. , A public moellnr for the advocacy of total abstin ence will be held tnls evening, in the Temperance hall, Russell street. Addressee will be delivered by Metitl. A. Stuait nud T. S. Garland. Tho chair will betasta by Ur. Jus. Hlturo, M.L.A. The usual quarterly meeting of the George Mickte Lodge was held on Ihursday evening, the 7tb, unto the following officers w-ero duly installed for teeeu- suing quarter: — i'.W'.C.T., Bro. Chander; C.T., Bro. How ; V.T., Sister F. Cornell; d., Bro. J. \Y. -Rev-art : T.S., I ro. G. philips; W.T., llro. Locke ; C.f Sister IJubbard; 51., i-ro. Martin; I.G., Bro. Je-nihg; O.G., llro. Hubbard ; A.S.. Bro. l'riclteit; R.h.,eister H. Cornell i L.5., Bro. Cornwall. Un Wednesday last the newly-dented officers ofthe . St. June's Lodgu, I.O.G.T., woro Instidlcu isfollon by the lodgo deputy AV.C.T., Bro. H. Gerard ; v. J., Bro. Martrti; S., Bro. Bunting ; F.S., Bio. llawkiM, i T. Bro. Talbot: C„ Sister Pitt ; M., Bro. Armstmng, J.O.. Bro. Mortis; O.O., Bro. Dickeuson: Siatur Cameron; L.H.S., Sn-ter Wood; A.S., Sis-er . BeUilold; l'.W.O.T., Bro. Thompson. Twenj)-tiv« new members have been added lo the lcnlge deru-t - the past -juaiter, and there are 130 financial inetuetH ou tee roll. , . v s The quarterly meeting of the Fionoor Loago, I.0 G.'i'., was held at tho Temperance HHon imir«-7 evening, 7ih November. Tnu report of tUevnoui, officers showed the lodge to be in a prosperous l«i- tlun. Bro. Moss then Installed J he following eBv«i. — W.C.T., Bro. Waterman; W.V.T., bro. bit-ha; 1V.S . Bro. Woolf; W.F.S., llro. W. Donalowo (re elected); W.T., Bro. Booth (re-elected) : »,ii, W» Aram; W.M., lir... H. Donaldson ; ton; V.O.U., Bro. burns ; W.A.S.. faister atnppway, tV'.U.M., Staler M. M'Kiunou ; K.U.S., Sutcr La, Bro. Geddue. Tho bazaar in old of the funds of tho Majdalm Asylum and tho Industrial and Keforma.orv a too-s under tho charge of the nuns of the Good shepherd, at Abbotsford, will be opened to-day, m the Town PI. II. From the report it appears that thereareiw inmates in the asylum, which is purely by tho labor of the inmates. Fallen women, irM-P« li ve of country or creed, arc gladly weleomed. the urdinary expensos, an uuforoiceii expenduure n been caused this your ny injur ies done to tn< nsald ;aud urouiuia uf the usyJum by Uuuda. -the bm » htld every 6econ«t year, Tho number of cases relieved weekly by t mitten ot the llelbourno Ladles Benevolent Sochi f for tbe fortnight endlng6th November wae-FamU.eJ, 60S (numbering 1705 ludlvldiialv),comprinng -wiao'- 343; sick and Inllrtn, 81; deserted wives, 6- . """ whoso husband ore in prison, 0; wives whosetnt bunds aro absent, 13 ; wives whoso husbands are par tia.ly employed, 13 : do. unemployed H I . »Cjo couples, 32; eiuglo 'women, 23; mlscenaneou . outlay during the fortnight In re. ef of cases, £ 3\. 2U. Industrial llouie : Inmate, 33, p for the fortnight, £28 16s.; earnings do., £- ,'I'ho Covont Garden Market Company 'la now Mknt floated with a capital of £20,000 In 2J .000 It ie projected in ordor to supply that much fell t of » dully market for market garnon JaliY'iid " produce. Tho market will Pro>'"d« '«r. tenements. Including a ffrst-daus botch w-tliclu ruotm, restaurant and baths. The titatlon and with every requirement as to licbt, room, and tbe mauagemsut will be con ducte- 4 . arcade system, so that unlet , may tend with pleasure the purchasing el amc-eso . consumption. The promenade portion o. .the marae will be tastefully Inid out as a garden. Ttmpeupe£ tiro of the building is now ou view iu Mesara. Ainu. Aud (Jo.'s window »n OolUus- strect. 