POLICE COURT—PORT ADELAIDE. THIS DAY. Fbida-T, August 30 fBefore Mr. G. B. Scott, S.M.I Charlotte Richardson, an old offender, had to pay a fine of 10s. for being drunk. Mary Ann Brooks, Charlotte Nicholson. Annie Eliznbeth Windsor, and Margaret Case, frequent offenders, were charged with behaving in a riotous and indecent manner in St. Vincent street on the previous evening. Several wit nesses were examined in support of the charge, and Sergeant Sullivan asked in the interests of society and morality for a heavy sentence. Sent to gaol for two months with hard labor . Maiy Ann Blewer, married woman, was charged with being a vile and disorderly person, and having no visible means of support. It was stated that she lived with the defendants in the previous case, one of whom waB her daughter. Defendant said she was supported by her hus band. He had gone to the country, and she was going to follow him. Sergeant Sullivan said if she was going to the. country he would not press the charge. Discharged with a caution. Alfred Charles Brooks, aged 3 J years, and Sarah Brooks, aged 5|, were charged with being neglected children. The defendants were the children of Mary Ann Brooks, a defendant in a previous case who was ordered to be imprisoned for two months. It was believed that their father was in Sydney. Sent to the Industrial School until they reached the age of 16 years. Florence Shoohridge, aged 13 years, was charged on the information of her father, Alfred Shoobridge, of Rosewater, laborer, with being an uncontrollable child. It was stated that the child, a mere " brat" that one would think could easily be punished at home, would not do what she was told. She had no mother and was daily left by her father with a married woman who said she was very disobedient and sulky. She did not go away from home at night. Information dismissed. An entertainment on behalf of the Cricket and Football Club in connection with the Glenelg Grammar School was given at the Institute Hall, Glenelg, by the pupils of the school, assisted by lady and gentleman amateurs, on Thursday evening, August 29. There was a good attendance. The programme was divided into three parts—the first consisting of songs and pianoforte solos; the second of a laughable farce entitled " Make your "Willsand the third a Christy Minstrel entertainment, which was commenced by a nigger oration," Why do Babies die in South Australia ?" written and delivered by Mr. J. H. Lyons. It comprised songs of the usual comic and sentimental character. Mr. T. W. Lyons acted as Musical Director, and a lady amateur and Master R. 0. Castle presided at the piano. At the Town Hall this evening Madame Tasca will give heir third and last concert, under the immediate patronage and in the presence of His Excellency the Governor and Lady Jervois. Madame Tasca will play Beethoven's famous Sonata in A flat, Op. 26; her great left hand solo " Home, Sweet HomeLitolff's " Spinn lied," and ■ Gottschalk's pretty "Pasquinade," and will also (assisted by Mr. Reed on the violoncello) play Mendelssohn's Sonata in D. A number of vocal gems will be sung by Mdlle, Merz, Madame Robertson, and Mr. Mumme, and Mr. Robertson and Mr. Plumpton will officiate as conductors. We understand that a large number of tickets has been disposed of, and as the occasion is also Madame Tasca's benefit there will, no doubt be a fashionable and cro wded attendance. \- Kainsford's Ghost and Petite Comedy Company presented a fresh programme on Thursday evening, August 29, when Miss Amy florton took her benefit. The audience, though anything but a large one, appeared to thoroughly enjoy the entertainment, and were not at all sparing of their- applause. The performance opened with a negro sketch, "Othello, or Shakespeare Made Easy," in which. Messrs. Rainford and Wallace took part. This was an excessively amusing affair, in which Mr. Wallace was particularly good. Miss Amy Hor ton, the beneficiare, next appoared in her cha racter impersonations. Her performances were greeted with rounds of applause. A lady amateur contributed two ballads, which though well sung fell rather fiat. Mr. Wallace brought. down the house in his negro specialities, and had to submit to an encore. Miss Amy Horton on her second appearance was highly applauded, and received a floral offering in the shape of a wreath and several bouquets. The phantom farce, "Pat the Bailiff," and the Christy Minstrels constituted the rest of the pro gramme. On Thursday evening, August 29, the Adelaide Philharmonic Society held its an-': nual business meeting in the. Liedertafel Hall, Mr. C. Hack was' voted to the chair in place of Mr. E. Spiller, who was absent through indis position,. The Chairman remarked that the Society was entering upon the tenth year of. its existence, and he spoke of the benefit which such an institution confers on the music-loving public generally. He also commented npon the gratitudewhich the Society owed to the un tiring energies of their present Honorary Con ductor, Mr.. A. Landergan. The Treasurer's statement was.then read and adopted, after which followed the Secretary's report, which wa3. adopted with a slight alteration. The report stated among other things, that during the past year the Society had faithfully carried out the prospectus submitted when the year com menced, : and that some additional items, of a highly interesting nature had been added. It further stated that the Society had felt it advisable to augment the number of the Committee and that some influential gentle men outside the" Society had consented to be nominated. The result of the election of officers was as followsCommittee—The Very Rev} the Dean of Adelaide, the' Venerable Archdeacon Marryat, the Revs. James Hender son and W. R. Fletcher, the Hon. John Coltoii, Mr. John Darling, H.P., Mr. Luke L. Furner, M.P., Mr. John Gordon, Mr. J. Gartrell, Mr. G. Sampson, and Mr. J. Felstead, with power to add to their number. Mr. A. Landergan con tinues to be Conductor, Mr. E. Spiller will be Treasurer, Mr. "W. H. Charlton Secretary, and Mr} J. Bowen Librarian. The meeting was brought to'a close with a hearty vote of thanks . to the retiring officers. 