UN OPEN VERDICT* L NEW NOVEL Br tits Author op ' Li»t Audlst'o SsoRHr,' 'Tares at tub Flood,' 'Db.vd Meh's SaoS!,' ' Weatbr? ahd WsFr,' &c.; Cai?iKr. XLVI.— la iuk CauBonrini). *!My dear,' eaid il«. Dulcimer to Beatrix quite suddenly one evening, when she and Ken rick were silting round the fire in the snug dining room a litlle whilo before tea, ' Cyril must certainly assist at your marmge,' Happily for Beatrix Iho lamp had not yet been brocubtia. There was only tho changeful and uncartain firelight which just at tbja moment left her face in *hadow. 'Well, yes,' returned Kenrick, 'I think Ojril ought tp be inrited, If ha wore not present it would look as if thero were some quarrel between us, and we are very good friends, are we not, dear,' ho. added, turning to his betrothed, 'lea,* faltered Beatrix. ' If he were not here people would talk,' pursued Mrs. Dulcimer. 'You seo, Bridford is not more than thiiiy n.ilca distant, and, as Kenrick's first cousin and Mr. Dalcimer's late enrato, it would be on'y natural for him to assist at the oertmonj.' 'I will write and ask him to- morrow,' said Kenrick. ' I ooght to h\Te thought of it before, ' 'He has been rory ill,' suggested Bealrii, ' He may not bo stvong enough to travel.' '5Piiirtj»milos only, my dear. A more nothing,' said Mrjs Dulcimor. 'Besides he h&s; quite recovered — or at any rate ho has gone back tc Lis duty. Otemcnt told me so a week ago.' *' Konrick,' said Bsatrix a little hitor, when she and her lover were walking to tho Water Houbo together through the wintry night, ' is it really necessary for your coa/ai to be at oar wedding V 'His absence might cause a scandal, dearest. Pioncmber ho is my nearest rtLuioD, kuown to be qalte near at hand and closely associated with thit- place. Do you not thiuk that people would say unpleasant things if we kit him out?' ' Yes/' tdghed Beatrix, 'people huve a kuack of imagining the worst.' ? ' , '. ' I n hojiJd be rery sorry if any one wera to say that Cyril was absent at ray wedding, becnuse ho and my wife feared to meet,' said Kyunc':, with a sudden pang of j?-'tlosuly. 'Th^-y shall bava no reason for eaying any thing of the kind,' B-*trix answered proudly. ' P/ay invite your cousin,' ' Kow you are angry.' 'Not with you,' she answered quickly. 'I am angry with tho world, Hfo, fate.' ' What, Beatrix, now, when you havo made me so happy, when all our lifo is emiliog before us — every clond gone ?' Btatrix's only answer was a sigh. But Kenrick was rapt in the placid doliglit of his good fortune. H* loved his betrothed too well to believe it possible that she did not lov© him. Tbey had lived ao happily, as it eeoaeJ to him, for nearly four months, in each otber'e saciety. They had never bad a dispute— or even a diffotonco of opinion. Could he doubt that she had grown fonder of him day by day in all that time? Her irritation to-night was natural, bo argued. It arose from her scorn of tbe scandals that had darkened her young life. It was hard for her to forget these thing. Kenrick wrote next day to his cousin. ' Dear Cikil, ' ThOjDakimeT/s a&7 you ought to aasLsl at my wedding, and I think tbo tame. Will you como? 'Your* always,' 'Con..' Tbe answer was very little longer, ' Dkae Ksitbick, ' I agTee with you and the Dulcimers, I will come to assist in the ceremony, and to wia!i you and yoar bride.all blo.uings that this U(c and the brighter life after can yield. ' My time u clojoly occupiod here, to ray visit rnu&t; bo of the tbortcat. I will como on Tuesday afternoon, and mast return on Wednesday directly after the wedding. ' Voare in ali affection aad good faith, This letter made Ksnrick hsppy. It diupclled tho one uneasiness of bis ruind, the lurking notion that bo had helped to spoil his coazin's peace. Cyril waa evidently reconciled to tins existing scale of things. Aft r all it wan hh own doing, Kenrick thought. Ho bad no ri^lifc to complain, Kenrick showed the letter to Beatrix, who read it 3lo»/ly and thoughtfully and roturnod it lo htm without & word. ' A gentlomatjlike letter, isn't it?1' askoJ Kea« rick,' ' Very,' she anawored, ; Did it pioaoe her tbat bor former lover shoul J write in no friendly a toM— tbat be should be wil liog to a»dit in the co^mn act that was to mako their gevsrancoirrcvocible? Ho, His wiUingnow atuog her to tho quick. ?* 'Ha never lorod me,' she thought. 'It was Bellfc'e pretty face thai ho really xared for. But he thought ay foriuno would help him in doing g^.od, and ho was willing to eacrifioo his inclina tion.? in order to la useful to other*. He' liked me just well enough, perhaps, to be reconciled to the idea of mnrryiag mo, and making uso of my fortune, And then, when the ilandcr aro?o, he drew back, Hodo/ forbade him marrying a * Pubilshxl by spoiftl ftrranieraciit with thb »uth'/r. 43 i&fatf; XJSOJwi. ... woman tbo world euspectod of a hideous crimo, and \shom he did not loto.' Bitter thoughts for Iho bride of to-moitow. Tuesday morning had coruo. Mr. Scratcholl had called at tho Wat or Houso to toll Miss Harofiold evoijlhiug wto dono according to hor wUh. Tho equitable charge on Kenrick's CBlalo had boon paid off. Cukorhouso Oasllo was as free as it had been in tho reign of its woalUiiest potaossor, ' I am very glad it ia done,' Baid Beatrix, and it was tho lii-dt gladness sho had akown for somo days. . Madame Leonard vi anted her to be intorceiod in hor tronsBcau, whloh was being packed by that oloror litllo Frenchwoman and the honest un haadj English maid. Everjthiug had been loft to Madame Leonard. Beatrix had taken no troublo about this mass of now clothes which people had dcclarod she muBtharo, &b; if to mark distinctly thai lo get married is lo turn over a new leaf in tho volume of life. ' It is all well to lot me do iu these things, to choose zo colors, and to dovise zo modes, but it must that yon interest youraolf a little now that it ia all achived, or I shall think yoii are not confetTi/1 'Dear Madame Leonard, I am more than content. But I am not very fond of due clot'ics. They do not fill my mind as they seem lo do with souse |-eople.' *'Ab, my dear,' cried tho Frenchwoman, 'it is all very well to bo high and mighty— but I can tell.you Urerc are limes in a woman's lifo when if she did hot think about her droBS she would have nothing to think of. And it is better to think of a'aow gown than a new lover. That amuses. And after all it is innocent. To talk of dress does tio ono any harm, It is not like Bcandal.' 'Dtaf Madame Leonard, you are wiser than I. But never mind tho trousseau just now, PIcaBe pack my plainest dresses and wraps in one .trunk. I am not going to travel with all tbosfc hugo boxes, am I?' '?Ko, tbfe biggest of those are. to be sont straight to fiidia. And the smaller aro to moot yoit at Brincjisi.' Sib Kenrick and his bride wore to spend their honeymoon in Paris and in Italy, travelling by easy stages to Briudisi, whence tbey were to start for ^ndia early in April, a fuut which jtfra. Dulcimer bitterly bewailed. 'I thought Keniick would 3o!l out,' ahe said, ' and that you would divide your livos between Culverhouse Caatlc and the Wator House.' 'That would have been to spoil Konrick'a career just- as it promises diatit.ct:oj,' answered Beatrix. 'I should regard thfct as a kind of assassination.' Upon - this liut day of her ttiiden life, ik~alrix was strangely absent and troubled in manner. 8he shrank even from Kachmo Leonard's gentlo sympathy, and whilo tho unsious little woman was busy with the truuka and packing coses, tho owner of all that Gncry paced the garden walk by tbe dull gray river, reckless of the biting east wind, wrapped in gloomy thoughts. The swollen waters wero mailing under the old stone arch, the moor was darkly purple againet a suntees sky. All nature seemed in harmony with tbo mind of to-morrow's rbriJe. Tbe paokins business kept Madame Leonard and Mary closely occupied all day, bo B.atrix was undisturbed. Sir Kourick had gone to Great Yaflord lo get tho odds and ends wantod to com plcUJ his outfit. Mrs. Dulcimer was engaged with her dresa forrthe wedding, which was being made at home, a process which necessitated frequent discussions and consultations with Bobeccaand the dressmaker, and which, under taken from motives of economy, was likely to result iu an expensive failure, Cyril was not expeotofl till the evening. He was to arrive in time for tbe Vicarage tea, and was to occupy Mrs. Dulcimer's second beat spare bed room. Beatrix had promised to call at tbe Vicarago some tinio in the afternoon. It was a visit she would gladly have avoided in hor present frame of mind, but she thought if she did not go Mrs. Dulcimer would be likoly to corno to the Wator House in quest of her, and that might prove a heavier infliction. So she put on hor bonnet directly- after luncheon and walked acroen tho windy bridge, and up tho windy street to the Vicarage. It was between two and three o'clock, a very nafe hour at which to pay bor visit, since Cyril waa not expected until half-pant seven. She had heard bis letter to Mre.' Dulcimer in which be named tho train tbat was to bring him, Mrs, Dulcimer was in her bedroom with B*J£S» and the dressmaker. Beatrix went up,' at the- housemaid's request, and found tbeso throe fililcliing and talking aa fast at tongues and needles 'could bo driven. The drcsM had been three days iu hand, but jiif-t at tho last it was found nece^u&ry; to put on an extra pressure to got it finished. Mm. Dulcimer wai sewing tho braid on tho skirt, Usbecca W03 pushing strips of whalebone into the body, the dressmaker waa cording a flounce The room was strewn with nui;-i)infjB of t-ilk, t.itin, sarsanot, anil lining, as tliici an leaves in Vallombrosa, Mm. Dulci mer lookcl the imago of anxiety. If ebo had been a beauty xil seventeen preparing fur hor (Irot ball, or a yoiju^ metre?.* about lo mako her debut ia LonJoD, she could not baro been nioro deeply con cerned. ' Oh, Beatrix, I am scC glad you havo como/' nho exciajmea, without slopping bor needle. 'I long to kuowif you like it.' It wai the droon, now In scattered portion;), Benin * looked puzzled. 'My love, liow tttjueut-mlndoil you ore,' «&M; Mre. Dulcimer. 'Ofootmoyou can't Judgo of the general nppcaranco till thofioiinceHaroon&nd; it all oomeu together. But you can tell mo what you think of tbo color and tho ityle of trim ming.' 'Ob, y-in moan tho drew,' anuworod Boatrix, with cruel indifference. 'I think that lilrorgray ia a protty color.' 'It'n tho new nlia'lo,' uttld Mm. Dulcimor, ' You Are oare U'm tho now shado, nro you not, Minn Killick '(' ubo askod, turning to iho drora rflftker. 'Yes, ma'am, Il'/i qnlto tho now cliady,' answered MiMKillicU, «olomnljr. U-ftMr'(i»-Mc(1 Ii6f«otf by tlift firo and Idly vi' '?«?-' -.iwbhM fthiloblrH, Oul^iiup/ ^oftt op woiking. Thcro wao not much sustained donvor afttion. Everybody except IJpatrU was thinking of Iho dress, Miss Killick and Bobooca had their mouths full of pins, aud droppod a fow whonovor they spoke, Iiko the girl in tho fairy tale. After balf-an-hour or so, Beatrix kbo to go, but Mrs. Dulcimor proloatod qho inuat slop till tho dross was tried on, , . .:'''. ,'? * 'It will bo ready in a quarter of an ho.ur; won't it, Miss Killick?' Bho inquired. '^ * They woro all sitting oloso togclhor now, Rebecca sewing the body to tho skirt, tho drcs§maker sowing on the final flounce. 'I don't suppose wo shall bo much loiigor, ma'am, ' said Miss Killick. ' Aud at four wo aro going to bavo a refreshing cup of lo«,v' eaid tho Yicar's wife, ' ao you really must stop, Beatrix,', Beatrix oouKl not rofuso so small a favor, so eho wont on staring at Iho fire whilo tho three workers hastcnod tho finish of their task, with (heir heads close together, like the tbrou fatal sisters intent upon the web of somo particular deuliny which Jovghad ordered Vheju lq hurry lo its conclusion. 'Ihore,' Baid the thrqo simultaneously, 'U'a done' Firo minutes later Mre. Duloimer was standing before hor choval gloss, buttoned into her new gown, and trying to mako it look aa if it belonged to her, ovory fold having the otiflaeaa, atrangoness and awkwardness which aro qharoc.tcris.tju; of a new garment. Matrix had to assist at the discusoion as to .-'Vrb other the sleove should not bo shortened a quarter of an iuch, or the shoulder seam taken up a little, or the wakt tightened, or the skirt lengthened. When ahe found hereolf freo to dopart the church clock was etriking the quarter after four. Tho sky, which had brightened a little in the aftornoon, was y allow in the west whero the sua would aoon go down behind yonder black rid;ro of moor, The wind had droppod, and tho.ro via a mildue,S3 in tho air, like spiiug. lix*^-' There was a circuitouB way to the Wator House through meadows that by behind the church yard. It was a solitary walk that Beatrix liked at all limes, and which particularly suited her humor just now. - She went in at the wicket gate in the anglo of tbe churchyard, and followed the narrow path between the crowded head stones, common-place memorials of harmless uneventful Hvob, ''*' Tho pathway took her by the aide of the fine old parish church, close by tho vestry, which waa curiously squeezed in at an angle botween tran sept and chancel, undortho diamond-paned case ment, beside which tho white -surplices were banging, past tho eunkon door. Just as sho came to the door it opened, and a man came out, ?»??-.-? - - ^ She gage a little cry, and the whole eceno seemed to rock before her eyes, the old gray, wall, the crumbling tablets, the leafless elm branches, the tall black poplars, tbat rose like watch towera between her and tho sky. For a moment all were in tumultuous motion, as if a whirlwind had risen. Then, with a great effort, sho clasped the railings of a tomb closo by, and commanded braia and body to bo still. A hand was hold out to her, and she took it with a mechanical air. Her lips' moved slowly. ' ' ' ' C;ril' Only his name, and tho ice waa broken^ Tub uoxt instant sho had burnt into passionate toara, and was hiding. her. face against the rusty insen sible railioga, any whore, only to be out of his sight. Her wholo frame was shaken by thogo sob... Ho could uot but pcrcoive— ho could not oven proloud not to percoivo her distress. 'Forgive me,' he said gently. 'I am more than sorry that I came, if my presence grieves you. I ought not to havo como — but — ,' he faltered a litlle here—' respect for you—regard for my cousin mndo it impossible for mo k refuse,' ' Respect for me,' *ho oxclaimod biltn.j' lifting up lior head, and choking down her sobs wild a desperate effort, just m sho had held her Htlf back from, unconsciousness a few momenta before ' Rospoct for mo— for a woman whom yon could beliovo a poisoner.' 'Bualrix, I never believed— — ' he began. 'You did not believe me innocent or you would not bavo forsriken mo,' she said, confront ing him' with oyea that kindled as she spoke. Ho could not gninnay her. Sho had spoken truth, No, not if all the world bad been against bor, not at tbo scaflbld'a foot, could ho have abandoned her, could ho honestly havo bcHovod bor guiltless. But uow that ho stood faco to iaco will* her. now thai ho saw tbat noble countenance-. Iho splendid indignation of thooo eyc«, ho was as con vinced of her innocence as if he Imd novor doubled hor. His past doubts scorned madness — or worse than madness, diabolical poBnesmion. 'If I had Bpoken with you after your father's death,' he Raid, ' if wo bad mot face to faco ai wo meet now, I nhould never have gono away. I would havo borno (he bardoot things mon could Nay of me- that I bad married you for tho sake of your fortune— that I had boon unscrupulous because you wore rich, I would havo luughed hucIi pohonod arrowA to scorn for your dear hftko,' ' You Joft- mo,' ahe eald, growing coMor ob ho gMW warm, sniaing /strength and firmnosn aaho uliowod liitup.eH more weak, ' You left mo. That i/i nil, Pvrhaps you really ncvor cared for mo, IudoeJ I liavo Borno roaion to kno\r tlioro was norneonoelHO you wsorotly profdrrod,' ' Tbttt i« wholly falue,' otki Cyril, ' I never loved but ono woman, and you aro tho.' ' What, doen it matter 7 Why try I9 osplafn the i-f-»tt It U all ovor and dona with. To-morrow will mako ru» your couiiiii'u wifo. And you are oomo lo nositl at my woJdiiig. But bow Iu it yon nro hero «o early } You arb not expoolod at Iho Vicurago till half. pfmt se von.' 'I cumo by an tatilur train than I intended, and having time to sniuo I wont In to look at tho oil oliuroh/' lie annivorcd hurriedly, 'And to pray for ntiongtli to boar tci.morrow'a Agony,' ho might b/vro addod, for ho Iiad boon on Lift Icnooi) boforo tlio ailur at wbioli ho lind 110 often oflicifitod, praying tliftt J'JL« burrlon tululitbo liglit 9110/i tit tiim, Thoro wasaailouco, Boittrix stood f'1 tih 1 hor back to tho ravlir--?^ -' - guardod i tho ouco Bplondid' tomb of a kuight ; bad* | noret of Elizabeth's reign. Sho Lnd just i strouglh to stand calmly thcro, -etoadilf 1 confrouting hor old lovor, but aho had no powol I to drag her litnba away from tho spot. Sho knotf 1 that if she triod to movo sho must fall like alog 1 at bis foot ; so sho stood there, cojd and whjtp 1 as the marble tho tomb was mado of. . . i 1 cr Beatrix,' cried Cyril, losing all . mnstory of ( I hirasolf iu the bowildorment of being alone wi^li I her, closo to her, as far from tho outside- world W 1 that quiot corner of tho churchyard as if thoy twA | bad beou lost upon the wildost bit of moorland ia '?) 1 the couotry. 'Beatrix, why aro you going ' 19 1 marry Konrick ? Why have you been in BUcfr 1 hasto to provo how utterly you had forgotlon I mo.' ; . 1, I 'Aro you not glad my wounds havo hoalel I 0 quickly ? You huvo nothing to roproach your* I self with on my account. Not oyoo a brokop , I heart,' . . ' ' ' **' .. I ' And you love Konrick,' ho asked, wofl* I doringly. _ ^ 1 'He has novor suspected mo of a.hidcotJd I crime. When every one spoks. againBt mo, ho I was Etanch and tiue. I am very gratofuj tfl. | him.' . ? . ( I ' Qiatiludo is not love,' . ( j ' Purhaps uot, but affection and gratilurltj j aro near akin, and Kunrick is sattaQod wil|J affection.' . 'I would not bo if I wore he,' criod Cyrili beside himself with anger and joalousy. * ' I would have nothing Iesa than your love, yo.uf whole-ueartod passioaato lovo. What, be con* tent to dwell beaido the narrow sluggish river, and novcr sicken for the wide wild soa?. I would not be your husband on such terms. I despise my cousin that he can marry you, knowing, as ho must know, that you do not lovo him.' . ' ! ' You havo no right to say that. Do you think; yourself &o; much bettor than he that no woman, having once lovod you, can love him ?-' . ?. ? , ..- ' I know that no true woman ever loved truly twico. Thcro is no such thing as second lovo, worth huving. It is the mero ghost of feeling,: Iiko a rose cut at midsummer to be abut up in a box and brought out at Christmas, revived by Bulphur fumes— a poor phantom flower, with nq more bloom or freshnesB than if it was made of paper. Just eo much for aeeond love.' ,. ?? If sho could have stirred she would have left him, but she had still an acute seuso of hor help lesaness. She must slay and liaton, let him say what bo would. What was this conflict of feeling. 7 in her breast? ? Passionate lovo, passionate anger, scorn that made it awoet to wound him/ fondnosi tbat made her long to iling herself upon his heart and cry, ' Oh. give me shelter give me rea{. Lot all the world go by. You and! can be all the world to each other,' , ' ? The yellow wintry light fadod in the wost( the,; aky grew dull aud blcuk^ tho headstones hod 1 grayer look. ? ? '. ' Why do you concenfyoursolf about mo ?'? sb, asked bitterly. ' You have come to assist at ra/ wedding in order that the. conventionalities nary .not be outraged. That is all very right. Hi] name has been bandied about on poople's lips quite enough alreatly- It is just as well to avoid tbe scandal of your absence. But that ends all between us. We need never aco each otji ar'g fjioca aftorto-morrow. Why should wo say lard . things, or talk about the past ? Had you not- ?( belter go to the Vicarago, and let me go quiully homo ?' . Sbe way much tho calmer of Iho two, des,/il8 that inward struggle bolwcen lovo and resent-* meut, He waa mad with t!ie pent up feeling of all those long dreary duys and, nigl/ls in w'iich. he bad fought with his passion, believing ho had boa ten it, only to find it now starling np ia his ? boul, indestructible as tbo doathlcss Egyptian Typhon, that monstrous typo of evilpowor, ', ' Let you go 1 No,'' ho criod, with his fctrong ' - grasp upon bor wrist. lie who hadbcon weak aa a child a fow chort weeks ago was strong now with all the otrongtu of a desperate tomptod houI, * 'Iio, I have got you and I will not let you go. Oh, my lovo, my. lovo, my lost a'ld only love, .t, will hot let you go' till I havo told you something of Iho truth.' ' ' . , Hid arms were round her now, bor bond drawn cIoho to his bjCi't'il, bid eyes looking down into bora with fond despairing lovo, bis worda hurrying thick and fust from lip tbat irombleJ an they Bpoko, . ' Yon, you shall hear mo. you filmll know the trulli— all tho nmd fooliuh truth. When your father died, and pcoplu bogtin towhit.per, nnd to nhrug tboir ahouldors,' and ineiiiuato viloHlnuiloru against you, the dovi) gol into my mind, aa into the minds ol Iboao village goBsips, nnd a horrible foar took bold of mo, I llioughL it wuh juat poaaiblo jtut within tho compii'iB of human error- -that, maddened by your father's lyianny and. itijuolico, you bad hluckonod your kouI with laurdor— your fuir young soul which till that hour I bad deemed Btainlesu, I saw yon at tho inquest, and I thought, God help mo, thai I could read guilt in your faco nnd manner. I struggled agninut tbe con violion-- 1 tried lo boliovo you innoseiit and all the WQrM inistakon— but tbo nioro I fought ugaitiHlit tho strongor Ihatoonviotion grew. In my darkcnl houra I bttliovod jou gnilly— at tuj bunt momontu I wai doubtful. Ho I uworo I would pluck your inm;;o out of my heart, Uow could I oborisb you, siu inonrnato, and bo faithful to my God ? What was my Individual hoppluoas upon thin littlo spot of oiu-lli wlion woighod aguinat duty and Louor? Aiul bo I lofl you, lovo—wout away to forgot yon - work-.d ar- fow mou havo woikoil— atrovo as fow Imvo ntrlvon— prayed without conning— ntui rcrncnilorod you all tho moio vividly for thi (liulnucn that Bovorod ub, a'ld loved you (ill Vho . more dearly bocauno I bad loiilyoti. Aud now,' be orlud, n'ralning hor agi\in«t hia heart iu ono dofluoialo embrnoo, prouxing bis lips to horn in , no iiniiMBlonoJ kiHc, 'now, nmrry Konrlok Culvcirhouto, tf you daro, and lot Iho momory of ma bo your ourso 01 U Is iniuo to rouiombet jou.' , ' Aftor thai klrni ho loonoil liij bold and lot hor (jo, Kbo tottarod a fow pnecti from tho rolling tliut had oiijipinto'l bor, and tbou liar foot aooinoJ to got oiitfttiijlod In tho long (irnmt of a noglooledl gravo, find eho foil boftdlmiu at tho (ook of Q 'i»oii)| olvl row njjiyli 8llrololu)d. iU long bl'ftl)Olo| p ? ; . - -- aorosa dor as alio lay, liko tbo EOi'ftggy arma o£ v*oitd women- pointing to a forodoomod victim of Palo. Cyril ran back to tbo vostry to got uomo Valor. dad lliore happily encountered Mrs, Pomfvot, tlio pow-oponor, who bad oomo to dust and garnish tbo OLuicb for to-morrow's coromony, ' MUalXarofiold bos fainlod,' bo cried. ' Bring UOtuo water, and sco what you can do for bor, white I go and got a fly.' ? IIo wont iuto tlio Btrcot intonding to order a Cftrria^o at tho inn, but luckily found lie flyman who Lad brought him from Groat Ynfford, kofrcsbiug bia Lorco with a nose bag and himself f, with a pint o£ alo boforo a amall boor shop over ? ftgftinat tbo churchyard. Ho told tbia man to bring Lib fly closo up to tbo galo for a lady. l) 'I must get back to tbo town directly,' said tbo man. ' I only want you to drive half a mile 'or ao, t\nd I'll givo you a crown for Ibo job.' ' ' Vory woll, Sir, Til do H.' ?Cyril wont baofc to the spot where bo had left BoatriK, Sho was aeatod upon a low stone tomb, supported by Mrs, Pomfret, and looking dazed and wbito ' I liavo got a fly to drive her homo,' ho said lo tbo pew- opener. ' Bring her ao soon aa you ^an. It is getting cold here.' 1 2?ua wind had rison. The tall poplars wero awjying against tho chill evening sky, the old yow yaa groauijig drearily, like a giant Iu paiii. jCyril waitod silontly 'and as silently accom psuiicd Beatrix wbon sho was able to move slowly towards tho gate, loaning on Mi«. Pomfrot as ssh^. worit. Ho banded hor into the fly, wjib Sfra. Poinfiot, who waa to see lief me at home, directed and paid tho driver, and waited bare Loadotl till the fl/wis out of sight. A. wild white face lopkfld olrt at him from the carriage window. It is significant of the aizo to which tlio euoalyptus, which is doiug ao much for Algeria, grows, that when an Australian .Wished to Bend a tine specimen to the Lon don Exhibition of 1872 he could not find a fillip long enough to carry it. In six or seven years its dimensions aro those of ah oak in twenty, and in its twentieth year it furnishes such timber as an oak could not under one hundred. Tho untiring devotion qf Dr. MierguoD, of Algeria, to the develop ment of the properties of this invaluable tree, has greatly enlarged the sphere of its usefulness. A Bisulin telegram of 12th November states :— The opinion prevails that Russia will not oonclude peace unless the .'Porte will ooncede the following five main 'points : — let Tho opening of the Dardanelles for foreign men-of-war ; 2nd. Selfgovern ment ? for tho Balkan provinces ; 3rd. The cession of that portion of Bessarabia wliifa Russia was compelled to cede in 1856 ; 4th, Tho cession -of Batoum and the surrounding territory ; 5th. Tho surrender of the Turkish iiavy as a guarantee for the prompt payment 6f the war indemnity, the amount of which will be proportionate tovthe sacrifices which Russia, has made in favor of humanity and civilisation. Out; of the moat romantic episodes of the Jlusao-Turkish war occurred last month du ring one of the bloody combats before Biela. t Aa tho Russian troops wero falling back be fore a dosperato onslaught of their enemies, a young oifioer was seen behind one of the butteries, boldly encouraging his men to stand their ground. Again and again Iio rallied the troops, but the fire was too heavy to be endured. They fell on their knees and ontreated'him to fly, but it was of no avail, and at laat he stood alone among the dying and the dead until a Turkish bullet pierced his heart. When the Turkish com mander, struok by the youth's extraordinary gallantry, singlod out the body for honorable burial, it was found that the young hero was a womau. What strange secret compelled fyer to renounce the poaooful pursuits of her flex aud give up her life in the storm of battlo jremaiiiB untold. — 'J own and Country Mail. -Tiik North German Gazelle of 9th No vember piib'.iahoa a lottor from St. Peters burg, elated the Cth inst., sevorely atigma tiahig the efforts of the IJ»u8l»vist party. The lot'tcr points out that Russia will iMb.o-'o to the objeots she. has laid down for Ihorsolf, namely, tho autonomy of Bulgaria, Bosnia, and the Herzegovina, tho liberation 6f the Christians from tho yoke of Turkish Blavoholdinot Pashas without the institution of ft I'auslaviat yoke for Russia. If Russia attuiu by tlio sword all that Turkoy refusod to tho counsels of Europe, sho will prove that uho knows well how to approoiato the liartnouioua concert ot cue uuropotm great poworo. Nothing is further from hor iutou tiotiB than tho idoa of creating didioultioa for tho Imporial Court of Vienna. As regards tho iutoinal situation of ltiiBaia, however, it in oortaiu that after tho war u quiot and safo dovcloprnont of tho country by moans of re foruia fa tho administration, legislation and nyotoni of taxation must follow. 