8g % Uepcait giber. BY WAIF WANDEli. w MiKY years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in Sydney, opposite to the present site of the Circular Quay, and at about three o'clook in the afternoon the bright sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. The figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. He was well- featured, but not pleasant-faced — a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinate firm ness of lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. He was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat; he carried a stout whip in his brown hand, and the clerk set him down at once as a oountry wool-grower down with his waggons. ' There's a ship expected in by your folk, ain't there — a [ship called the I Pa tic of Life.' he ssked. 'She's in,' replied the young man at the desk; 'there she lies,' and he pointed with the handle of his pen toward a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. 'In? issheP Ah! And she has brought out some women, hasn't she P some servants I meanP' 'Yes, she has eighteen females on board, I believe.' 'What would be the best way to engage one P Can I take a boat and go out to the vessel P' 'She's discharging her passengers now ; I'm going down to the wharf in a few moments; you can come along if you like, and you'll have au opportunity of seeing the women as they land.' In a few moments, as the clerk had said, they were on their way to the wharf, and as they reached it a couple of boats were making their way toward the shore. It was evident that the boats were .principally oocupied by females, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new oountry, in whioh everything seemed so Btronge to their unaooustomed eyes. Among them was one dark-haired and heavy-browed woman, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that seemed to take in everything around her and analyse it, as far as her own personal interest was concerned. She was not veryyouug— shemighthavebeeu thirty end she looked like a woman who would not lose her way even in bo great a oontinBnt as Australia. Aa they landed and were met upon the wharf by many whom curiosity or bonne*! had lad to tee the new arrival*, the woman I have doscribed stood a little apart, looking keenly from face to faoe of the strangers around, and listen ing sharply to what passed between those who sought to engage a servant from among her late companions. Her ap pearance seemed to attract the man who had come down with the shipping-clerk, and ho iuoved toward her. 'Are you looking for a situation, my girl ?' he asked, bonding his brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his broad hat. ' I suppose so,' she answered, as she returned his stare with interest. ' Have you one to offer me ?' ' I have. I am just down to engage a woman.' ' For what kind of work P' ' Housework, in the country.' ' And the wages ?' ' Oh, we won't quarrel about the wages. If you will come with inu I'll givo you the highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that I know it isn't every girl would cure to tako it.' ' How far away is it ?' 'Over forty miles. Just under the first spur of the Blue Mountains.' The woman laughed. It was not ft pleasant laugh to hear — it was harsh imd shallow. ' I'm as wise us I was before. What do I know about your Blue Moun tains or your Green Mountains ! Tliore'H one thing I'd like to ask you, my good man. What made you pick me out of all these girls to ask me ? My looks are not in my favour I know.' ' Perhaps it was because they are not that I preferred y-u. You look like a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. That's the sort of woman I want. ' 'Well, you're right ; that's aViout my character, ami if we agree ahout terms I think I'll no. Thorn Blue Mountains of yours will have to be very high indeed if they keep me from coming back to Sydney if I have a mind to,' and she laughed again tlie strange, disagreeable laugh I remarked on b'foiv. ' But one thing I may hs well t«ll you at oii'ii*, I don't go one foot with you or any man until I'm taken to some well-known person of this city that will v.iuch for your decency and respectability.' 'Tliat is but fair,' he said, ' aud I agree to it.' 'And now you may give mo a name to call you by,' she said. ' My own name is Martha Wilderness.' ' And mine Mark Blum.' ' You're not a foreigner F' ' No, but I expect some of my people were Germans. Now, Martha Wilder ness, if you will point out your luggage, I'll get it taken to the place I put up at, and where you may as well put up at too. They are respectable people there, and have known mo for years.' Apparently all was arranged to the woman's sstisfaction, for the earliest suurays of the next morning saw the waggon cf Mark Blum on its way to the Blue Mountains, with Martha Wilderness sitting under the tilt, but near the front, where she could see the Hue team of horses and talk to the gloomy-looking owner as he drove. They wero a strange couple ns they jogged along, and had anyone have been there to observe tho'n, it must bavo been commented on. Hours and hours of the long summer day they sat there in silence, eich apparently immersed in unpleasant thought, totally irre spective of the existeuee. of the other, only arousing occasionally as some stoppage was necessary, or the wants of the horses had to be attended to. When, the sun was falling bem::ith the horizon, however, mid they worn but a little way from the plaae liluin 1i;l 1 toll the woman ho should caiup out for tho night, a new mood seemed to overt. iko the immigrant. Clapping her hinds together, so suddenly that Blum turned and looked at her with u shirt, sli? cried, ' Well, we're nice company ! How far have we come, Mr. Blum!'' 'Well, we're about thirty miles from Sydney, and about fift'Vii from tho Nepean. My place is uot far from Emu Ford, and if the moon wasn't so old, IM give tho horses u, rest ami g-^t in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high, you soe,' and he pointed to tho palu crescent that was drooping towards the trees. ' Are you tired !''' he asked. ' Tired ! no, not I — I'm never tired at night. I'm like th» cats, and the bats, and tho rats ; I only bejin to bo alive when tho world goes to sleep. My ! but this is a fine country !' Blum looked wouderiugly at the speakir, who soemud in earnest in her admiration of oueof the most depressing bits of scenery the whole road between Parramatta and tho Nepean could show. They had reached a low, marshy spot, where the coarse vegetation was low, and whore the heavy timber had receded in the direction of the not now distant Nopeau river. Thu sun had fairly sot by this time, and broad, dark clouds from the oast were creeping up tho 6ky, darkening and deepening the shadows, and rendering tho long, low marsh even gloomier looking thau had tho day light fallen upon its surface. The woman's eyes were roaming eagerly over tho desolate landscape, as if 6ho thoroughly enjoyed it, and her com panion began to think ho had got to deal with a very strange woman. ' If you really like tho look of Barr.'i Swamp,' he said, 'you must be very different from other people.' ' I am very different from other people, Mr. Blum, and so arc you. It was because I saw that at the first look that I wanted to [come up to the Blue Mountains with you.' ' Saw what P' he asked sharply, turn ing a dark look upon the speaker. 'Saw that you had a secret in your face, that thero wus down in your heart a dark something to hide that you were afraid would look out of your eyes ! Oh, I'm a rare one to read faces, especially when they're bad ones like your's.' Blum stared at her with suuh anger and consternation thut he forgot his team, and had tuny not been accustomed to the road they might have passed the track that led to the river side, whore lie was in the habit of camping, but they took it of thoir own accord, and tho change drew the driver's attention to them. ' You're no coward, at all events, my good woman,' he said, 'and I must have a talk to you in plain language presently.' 'No, I'm no coward,' shu returned ; 'if I was I shouldn't have come with you ; and as for plain, language, that's the sort I like to deal in sometimes,' she added, with a slight hesitation as though recalling u something that she had over looked. It was far pleasauter down by the river. Troos grew on its murniering banks, and groan grassos hid tho dark ground, and in tho growing darkness even there a deep gloom lay under the spreading branches of the dark pines that bordered the Nepean. There was no word oxohnnged between the ungenial companions until the horses had been attended to, and a rough meal prepared and partaken of, but when thut was cleared away, Martha Wilderness spoke. ' Now, master,' she said, with a sar castic emphasis, ' we're ready for that plain languago of yours. What's the business you have trapped mo for at the Blue Mountains ?' ' Trapped you for f' he repeated. ' Or thought you trapped ruo for, where all along it was you that was trapped !' ami again the strange laugh fell repelluntly on the ears of her new employer. ' I laid no trap for you,' he retorted. 'I encaged you for housework in the back country, and you signed an agree ment to do it.' ' Yes, but when I signed that agree ment, 1 never usked you what sort of housework it was. Do you think any fool couldn't soe in your face that it wusu't for sweeping floors and washing dishes you . wanted u stroiig-iniiidcii and able-bodied woman to go to tan bluo Mountains with you ? By the way, what J'i they call them blue for ? Arc they blue?' It was a sudden change of subject, and excited the suspicions of Blum. Ho looked at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must bo, and felt a strange curiosity to know what was pass ing in her mind. Surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of miles to know anything of his life, when not one in the country he dwelt iu (suspected its reality ? Martha was sitting on the grass, with her back leaning it :_';u list a log, and the low moun sinking beyond the glittering waters, throwing its sad lL'ht ou her pale face. Shu had taken off liur bonnet and tossed it on the ground beside her, where it still l.iy, and h'-r hand with it. Blum sat on a bit of wood at the dis tance uf u f.;w feet from her, and his shoulder was toward the moon. One side of bis tiiue was in deep shadow, and the brim of )iis hut fell low over bis foro he:id ; but oven iu the pale moonlight the pallor of tho man's face was like a white pitch nj» linst the dark background, aud his nyes shone like coals of lire. i As Mtivtha usknil Uiu irrelevant ques tion regarding the namo of the mountain that she coulil now nee the bold outline of rising up against thu horizon, her own ke'ii orbs were b-nt upon Blum's face, which Hhe watched with a greater sus picion firm was exhibited iu oven his owu hiilf-HUgry giize. 'Well,' mIiu said, abruptly, 'why don't you toll ino why thfy call them blue ( they look black to me,' What tho — do 1 care why or what they call them !' he returned. ' Do you think 1 engaged you to come up to the Xepeau to talk of the Blue Mountains P' ' Xo, 1 don't ; you brought me up to do some dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself even now. What was it ? that's what I waut to know.' Her attitude was so determined and aggressive, as she partially raised her self, and, lifting her hand from the gi'ound, held it out before him with an air of command, that it, almost uncon sciously to himself, impressed him. ' Well, that's just what I want to tell you. You're a sharp woman, you are, to have guessed that I was afraid to tell you for fear you wouldn't come. But we'll have it out now — it's too late to go back.' ' Yes,' sho replied, ' it's far too late now ; what business have you for me ? Why did you look among all uiy com panions, and, passing by tho fair and jolly girls, pick out tho dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work.' 'Because it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will — you have both, Mwth'i Wilderness.' ' Yea, I have. Sec to that,' she said, pushing the loose sleeve up from her wrist, and showing an arm, white as a woman'!-, but strong ami muscular almost as a man's. ' What is it you want mo to do ? Is it mur ler ? I could strangle you, I think, if I had a miud to ; ' and putting tho eiul* of her strong fingers and thumbs together, she gripped them iu as though kuo vrere crushing the life out of somo living thing, and listening to its gasps. Blum shuddered to the marrow of his bonoj. ' Xo, no ! ' he cried, ' how can you talk like that, woman ? It's bad enough as it is. Well, the plain English of it is that my wife is mad, and I want you to look after her.' 'Hal! Your wife inud?' Like a knife the terrible laughter of that stiiuigu beiug wont through Mark Blum. Her hau Is full to hor lap, and lotting her head diop back so that the heavy braids of hor Itl ick hair unloosed and fell upon the log behind her, slie laughed until the echoes rang atuoug tho branches of the trees above her aud along the winding bank of the Nepean river. 'Woman, there is surely nothing to lauu'li at iu madness ! ' Blum cried, half iu terror and half in auger. ' Isn't there P Sometimes it scorns to mo the fuiiniost thing in the world is a mad woman. And so you waut mo to watch your wife, who is mad ? ' 'Yes, you are not afraid of the job I see.' ' I told you I was no coward ; what way is she mad '; Is she dreamy and silent ? does she wander with the moon, or kill with it !' Or does she nurse and hide one fuuliuir down below oil others, a feoling to which years are as days, and which only gathers with time \ Does sho carry that ono feeling about with her from youth to age, and over land and seas to quuuch it ut last iu tho blood of tin enomy ?' Sho was like a Pythouess, whom the evil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as sho rose suddenly and poured out burn ing and strange words, to the night air of the Nepeau, Iu the exaggerated imagination of Murk Blum, she seemed to loom tall and weird, in the darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemed to hold a strange power over him, aud to subdue his will^liku an iuouutation. 1 ' Does sho wander about liko a ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived her, or of a husband sho has lost P Aro her di earns of limitless space, whore souls without bodies, flit about in tho sunless air, or of the bottomless pits of fire, where tho uccursod of heaven dwell ? Ha I ha ! ha ! of what strange.things are the thoughts of mad women !' Blum swept tho cold perspiration from his foreheud, and got up hurriedly. ' I'm beginning to think, you're mad yourself, uiy good woman, and I will tako a rumble until you come to yourself. If I hadn't been in your company all day, I'd Bwear you had been drinking,' and ho strode off into the darkness. 'Fool!' shu muttered to herself,' as Bho ouco more sat upon the grass; 'he thinks' thut nothing but drink cun make a woman mad — ho, of all men, ought to know bettor?' As she ceased to speak the sounds of a quickly approaching horse's feet became dintinot, and in a few moments a horse man alighted close to the waggon. See ing tho xeoumhont or halt-reouiubent figure of the wouiui making the shadow durkor where she sat, he peered forward in the gloom, and spoke. 'You are a woman, eh? Where's Blum?' ' Here, there, anywhere,' she answered, carelessly. 'I am here, John. What has hap pened )' Blum spoke sharply as he came near the man, and one could hear that his voice trembled. ' Nothing that need fret you much, Blum. She's dead.' ' Dead ?' 'Yes, and I thought I'd bettor meet you with the news, or someone else might. There's all sorts of yarns at the Ford about it, and I did not know hour you'd take 'em.' 'Yarns?' ' Yes, I haven't been up to your place since you left, you know, and it seems someone from over the mountains happened to pass by the house yesterday, and hud the curiosity to listen at the door or window, wondering how you had left your wife. It it said that groans were heard — at all events the stranger smashed in tho door with your own axe, and found the woman dying.' ' Not dead ? not speechless P' 'Xo, shu told him that you had left her there for over a week without water and without food, and that she was dying of want. But she told him more,' the man said, drawing closer and almost whispering ; ' she told that you wished her death, lest she should inform of your crimes, and that sho had never been mod. Mark Blum, I rode here to-night to give you a chance for your life, for if you go to Emu Ford they will lynch you —if they don't, dead men have been brought to light from thoir graves made by you, aud the law will do your business.' The speakor waited for an instant, but tho wretched Blum made no reply, und tho man remounted without another word and rode away again into the gloom. Blum stood where he had listened, as if he had been struck dumb ; in those few minutes of helpless silence he doubtless suffered an almost unendurable agony from the horror of his own thoughts. Ho had forgotten all but the terrible words of thu departed horseman, and when tUu woman ho had forgotten pat her hand on his arm ho (gasped with terror, as though he thought his mur dered wife had come face to face with him in the lone night by the Nepean Eiver. ' Ha ! ha ! ' she laughed; ' I am not, aud yet I am, the ghost of your dead wife. At lust, at last, Mark Blum, your sins have overtaken you.' 'Who are you that talks tome like this ? ' ho cried, hoarsely, as though the words choked him. ' It you heard that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. If I had meant to kill, her would I have hired you to attend her ? ' ' Only the Spirit of Evil knows what you would be capable of doing, Mark Blum. / know what you have done. And so you have murdered your second wife? Not every man can boast of killing two wives !' The moon was now just throwing her last beams full in the faces of the two so strangely cast together in that wild and lonely spot, and from the cloudless, sky millions of stars were pouring down their brightness as the last beams of the hidden daylight ceased to contend with them. Into each other's faces the two stared steadily, and it seemed to Mark Blum as if, moment by moment, the woman's face became more familiar to him. ' Who are you ?' he repeated. 'Your face is changing — it is not the face of the woman I engaged at Sydney. I think I am going mod ! I feel choking!' and he tore from his neck the scarf that encircled it. ' You know my face too well, Mark Blum— a living man cannot forget the face of his victim. I am Jane Repsill.' 'Jane liepsill !' 'That was, until she became Jane Blum. Wonder you dared to live under that same name, eveu although thou sands and thousands of miles were between you and the blood you hod shed. But you did not spill enough of it. You left mo for a corpse ; but, although my skull was fractured, I roooverod, to find myself mad ! Not mad enough to forget you though, Murk Blum. Not mad enough to prevent mo from vowing a vow, and repeating i'. for fifteen years, until tho asylum doors were opened to the recovered lunatic ! Recovered ! I shall let you and them soe !' Ho staggered back and lifted his hand to his head. ' If it is really you, Jane, have pity ou me — I believe I am dying.' ' It is time for you to die. Would to God that you had died twenty years ago !' aud as the old memories flooded up the diseased brain, sho seemed to forgot the man, who fell to the grass ut her feet; she mechanically fell again to her former seat on the grass and buried her face in her hands. Tuore was no eye to mark the two figures half hidden among the shadows, and hours passed away, leaving their outlines imchunged. Clouds crept up once more and hid the brightness of the heavcus, and wild breezes swept among the pines aud roughened the sur face of the cold Nepean. Moaning sounds followed the course of the erratic breezes, und dead leaves from the branches above foil upon the face of Murk Blum aud upon the disordered hair of tho silent woman, but they made no sign. The calico cover of the waggon flapped in the wind, and the satisfied horses crept near it for company, but tho man lay prone upon the graSB and tho woman' b face was still hidden from the dews of night. The morning broke bright and beau tiful on the shoreB of tho river, and in all his glory the glad sun Bbono full upon the sleepers. The horses, looking for their early feed, moved towards their slumbering master, and then fled with a terrified snort. A grey lizard crept along tho log aiiainst which the woman leaned, and invading her lone, damp, black hair, crawled to her shoulder and touched with its shiny sides, the bauds that hid her face, but she 3id not chide it ; and when the same horseman, who had warned Blum, returned during the day to satisfy himself thut Blum had fled, he found the murderer staring with sightless eyes up at the heaven he had outraged ; and the dead woman with her faoe for ever hidden from the world she had suffered iu. There are green spots now by -the Nepean River, and many homesteads on its banks, but where those dead bodies lay the air seems always gloomy to those who know the Btory I have tola you. Tui; titnos are hard— everybody says 80— but tho wagos of siu have not beon out down. Any man pay* too much for his whistle who has to wot it fifteen or twenty time* a day. The othor day the Berkshire Courier, with well-feigned innoconco, inquired, 'How oui five persona divido five eras bo that e&oh.min; will rooeive one, and stul one remain in the dish ' After several hundred people went two-thirds distraoted hi the mazes bf this pro positiou, the Courier meanly says— OnttakM Ihedlth with the egg. * 