:o: ' MACBETH. ' Mr. Thomas Kenny, a clever essay- ) ist, and who has written most ably on the subject of " Macbeth," charact.r- 1 iscs it as " a drama of gigantic crime ) I and terror relieved by the most magr hificent imaginative expression," yet > marked with great simplicity of general k design. The date of the production > of the piece is set by Funiival at 1605-6, ) and " we may take it for > granted," . says Kenny, "that it was written in ' the lime of James the > First, who ) ascended the throne March, 1603, as it V contains an evident > allusion to that ' monarch in act iv. cene i, and also a ) complimentary > reference to him in an other part. Tlie material for the piay I was found by > Shakespeare in Holin- ) shed's History of Scotland, where the C story of > Macbeth is told at page 168." f The Macbeth and Duncan are rcpre- 1 seated > to have been cousins ; the first ( a valiant gentleman but of cruel dispo- ) > sition, and the latter " so soft and \ gentle in his nature that the people > r wished the inclination and manners of ) the two to have been so tempered > and \ interchangeably shared betwixt tkem r that where the one had too much > of ) clemency and the other of cruelty, the k main virtue between these two > extre- r mities might have reigned by indiffer- J ent partition in them > both. The play ik all along keeps close to the line of r Holinshed, varying > from it in scarcely J any particular except in the non- appearance in the > banquet scene of the f murdered Banquo's ghost." » This tragedy has been > presented in C Melbourne we believe oftener than any / other of > Shakespeare's works. The S late G. V. Brooke, Charles Kean, C Charles > Vincent, in their time essayed ? die part, and we have had other repre- \ > seritatives, from the burly McKean ( Buchanan and James Anderson to the ) > little dapper J. B. Howe, But few \ artists ' have made their Melbourne I ' > debut in the role of die 'lliane of Caie- ) dor. Gf those who have, we now > call to mind Mr. C. W. Bany, at the The- r atre Royal; Jnly 2, i860, Mrs. > Charles ' Po'ple sjlipplingi liinf' as Lady n beth,'Mt Hehfy'Edivards asMacduf, I Mrs. ' Winterbottorri, as Malcolm, and ) . the principal singing witches were Mrs. ,.j Hancock and the late Julia Matthews, f Previous to that, on Aug. 25» 1858,-1- J the same theatre, there bmstr upon, the V theatrical Jirmament .. an' Australian T Roscius, Master Edward Pole, aged . 14\. He also played the part, which as S a feat' of memory was extremely won- ( derfuL This geritlefnah has long left J the stage' an'dlbecome a "'family man,'' and now follows the prosaic business i of a thriving paperhanger.; At the/time of the 'f Ghost". sensa tion in Melbourne, in 1863, this tragedy ( was revived to be produced with " Pep- . per's ghost effects," which were an- ' nounced as " combining the real with ( die ideal, the scienti.fic and the poeti- cal, the positive and the illusory," with, ' thirteen ghosts. This was at the Hay-; ( market Theatre, August 22, 1863, when under the management of the late < James Simmonds. The part of Mae- heth was alternately played by Messrs. R. Younge and Henry Edwards, the < Lady Macbeth was by the late charm- in ; Annie Lockhart. It was in the part of the "Thane's guilty wife'-' "that Miss Goddard (Mrs. ( Capel) made her bow before a Mel bourne audience, at the .Theatre Royal, 1 August 24, 1857, die late G.V.Brooke appearing asiMtfoic; ' --j " ' ' The Opera of '(Macbeth," by Verdi, has been presented in Melbourne by ( two different, companies at .an interval of twelve years. The first production ' was at the Theatre Royal, September ( 8, i860, with the Bianchi Opera trnm-. ' pahy/ Signbi\T/Bi"chi''undertopk the ' music of Lrtrfj:,!lrlaeMA,SignorBiancbi ( Macduff, Eiiiiie CoulbnlacJeiA, John Qrcg ' Banguo, 'Walte'r'/Sherwin Mat- S eolm. and Mr John 'Winterbottom was j conductor 1 of the orchestra. The se cond time the Opera was revived was ' at the' Princess's Theatre, under Messrs. W. S. Lyster and Cagli. The title r6le (iAacbistli) was allotted to Signor I Toumefie, Maeduff'io Signor Leandro Coy, anqvo to Signor Dondi, Ma?- I eolm do .Signor Benso,' Physician to 1 Signor Favas, Gentlewoman to Signora Toumerie, and Lady Maebeth to Sig nora Zenoni. — :o: ; 