NoLes 0" tlie Day,.. A coon JOKE, THOtTCU JVALICIOOS. That temple of trutli ard honesty, as well as of respectable jourraTsiii (!) known as the ' Tribune,' which it n>ay notbege'ie-ally known hrs been resuscitated a"d ?s published in Hob,-rt Town, is up to the old game again. S'iein'j tlut there is very lvitle cl-ance o2 its saccess, eveu as au opposition to the ' Mercury,' an opposition with all its attendiit caxli-peimy cries, it has aga : u b^gan a sensational line of bus'ness, apart irom the B. : ' 'u^'kMi'sm for winch, in the sma : ' c'vcle winch it enters, it is so rem. jkab'e, and ilrs cannot be better erreutp'ified than by a pa-a- ^l'a.pli ii its issue of yesterday, headed " A Heart'ess Case," wlr'ch is a tissue of lies from bejinninj io end, and such as could only emanate from siich a source. We rafer our readers to the artvei«'sements ill our columns bearing tliis out, and we feel the inure strongly 011 -the matter as it is a fact tliat far from His Worship the Police Magistrate 'wishing GreenejjO pay the £2 14s., iliat gentleman, having found 'Joseph Horat : o WallU's statements untrue, namely that he pa ; d to travel, whereas he ire. ,-eUcd as usual on a l>resc pass, he—when Wallis appl'ed for the costs upon which he couu jed,having boast ed what he liad made out of the affr.ir—-informed Wid'is that Greene would only be reqi.'ived to pay 14s. Of couase the matter of the ;v..-est, Ac., was of ihe usual ; style and an ent re fabrication, prompted 110 doubt by the Ir'ndly spirit the late proprietor, umr mava 'er and the smart, conning" (hem!) staff bear to the jwruprietjr of the Tasmania Punch, who lias ceased to have his paper publ 'sheil there, and whom these literatis (?) would fain annihilate ill their way. What is ihe opposition journal (?) coming to ? It is a bad case when notoriety is sought regardless of its kind in this way. THE VE11V KEV. W. J. DOlfKK. Tliis Very Rev. gentleman left per Taroav " 011 Tuesday 011 a visit to the other colonies, for ihe purpose of soliciting subscriptions in' aid of the brilding fund of St. Joseph's Orphanage, which has been 11ude-.tr.lccn by the good Sisters of Charity The occasion has been taken advantage of by the lady members of the rev. gentlemen's floc.c atiend'ng St. Joseph's Church to present him with a very handsome silk soutane, which mis forwarded to liim, accompanied by a letter from the lady who had collected the funds, and con taming the namesof all the subscribers. In his reply, Father Dunne begs to exp.-ess his liigh appreciation of the": kind feel- _;, a.id his wannest thanks for the valuable present they lir.ve made liini, which he regards as grsaiAy enhanced by by the quiet and unostentatious manner in which tV. work lira been accompl'Jied. We, with the members of h's iloc'i, wish the very Rev. Father every success in his mks'o'l of chatty, and aredyretuni to resume his arduous labors amongst his people, by whom, we venture to say he is not more esteemed, than he is by the community iu general. —' Mercury.' ~ CENTRALIZATION OF roiffCE. A11 adjoui jed public meeting was held at Brijhton Tuesday, to take into consideration the desirability or othenvi;ie of centralizing the police. The Warden )My. W. Guun) presided,' and them was a good attendance. Mr Kempmovedaresohition to the effect that it is advisable tliat the police, fores . of the colony should be centralized, and placed under the control of the Government. In speaking" on this resolution he referred to the diverse decisions gfven by various Benches of Magistrates, and to the general inaptitude of the police, aud their subserviency to the members of niuniciple councsls, who, he said, were their masters- The resolution was adopted, wich only two dissentients, and it was resolved to send it in the form of a petition to both Houses.—"Mercury" HEBB cam. smnanT's concert. The amuial concert given by this gentleman took place on Tuesday at the Mechanics' Institute, and was attended by a fashionable and appreciative audience. The umsic was well selected, and consisted of some old favorites and .iIeo original compositions. The instrumental performances of the Orchestral Union were highly satisfactory and their rendering of the overtures to the first and second parts showed a considerable amount of artistic skill, and very able training 011 the part of the conductor Heir Carl Schinitt. This geuJeinan also delighted the audience w ith two most mtistic performances ou the violin, 011 which instrument he certainly excels. The various s were very creditably performed bv the respective ladies and gentlemen who j their' services 011 this occasion, ;ind as they soeiued to be j,ei>e:al fa«>ilto:i were very waimly reeeived. - The whole enicrivnment was of a veiy pteasmg chav.scter, and we sincerely hope that ilie buceflciare was gratified by ilie manner iu wh'ch the in'us ; c : 'ovji>f pob 1: c of L-iun ces'oa showed fie'r aoi>r3ciat : on of the treat offered to t'lem. CAUOILT AT LAST. A young man who deli'bts in the aristoc-:..t : c cogno uen of Rona'd Whitefoord Sn'it'i, and who for sevev.l months ]i,13 been inning cheques 011 varous ba»iks, i,ich as B.idjer Creek, aud sj'cli out of tlie wr.y plae.w, aj well j-s iu L-vrceston and Hob, ri Town, was acra'j ?ed at the Hobi'. t Toi7n police o.l ; ce yesterdf.y, c'ir.rged witli issi'i "3 valuelaw chei;i'e3 lor £110s. and os. respec-iive 1 }. He w:is reinaiuL'd Mil Fr'di.y next, b..'l bo!ng l-e'.osjd. Tiiis is notV- ng new for Smith aB several iradeomen in XjaJiicsstou «ui testi-y, for it was on'y recenfy that a puo ,: c.i.u 011 the wJiav", ja'ned Marsic, app'iad to the poUce for h's arre-t under s 'li'lar c : rcam- •stances, but through ihe, ac'ivity and kindly intention o" a geiiilenian, wlio was very ill reyiaid, this matter, as wc' 1 as two ill wh'ch tradespeople ii Brisbauesj'oet, a3 als'j one in wIi'cj a publ-cin iu Char'es-street, were s'uiih-.Jly concerned were sett'ed out of sympathy aud good feel'nj to liis friends aud their good name. ME ELUCriOX OP A MANAGER TO L. AND N. W. COAST S. N. CO. At a meeting lield at ihe Mecliaiiics' Institute on. Tuesday eve i'lg, Mr. T-iindsay Tnlloch was e'eciddmanager of iliis company in the room of John Murphy, Esq., deceased. Taeje' were' several applicants—W. J. Jolii Sjone, It. T. Irvine, aiid A Beid. A question was raised'as to the validity of. Mr. Tulloch. A-ot^'ng as a member of the iiriu of Murphy aud Co., but without the votes accruing thuswise, tlie ba'Jot iras ii favour of Mi'. L. T«'Uoch. ST. John's pciesota' soorar. The second annual meeting' of this society was held List evening iu the lodgeroom, Elizab jth-street. Tlie minutes of the previous meeting were read and coufinned. The secvetai'y then stated tliat the number of members now amounted to 245 ; that since starti-'j 340 members had joined. Tlie assets of the society were jii't doivn at £323 0s. 3d. in the report, which amongst other matters, spoke y.itli regret of tlie decease of the late tri'filee, John Murphy, Esq. A'ter hearing the treasurer's annual report read, it was resolved thp.t the whole report be circulated amongst members at tlie teameeting to be hold, next week. The election of officers was then proceeded wiuli, and rcs . lted as fol : ows:—Canon l3i'o\v ?i'i'33, treasurer ; Geo. Biywn, secretary; and Messrs. SUvcr, Dugan, Webb, Ki.'ilcy, Ch'ck, Hajon, Watson, Dakin, Millbank, Cooper, Fai'ih'ug, and Mudkin 11s the committee ; Messrs. Dakin, Lamb, and Lewis were appointed auditors ; ana Mr. Joliii Ellis was elected trustee ill tlie pi aco of the late Mr. Jolin Murphy. DIFFICULTIES AJIOUT TASMANIAN SHEM INX'RHASE. It having been resolved that all sheep exported from Tasinmia to Melboumo should abnost immediately be dipped, the Colonial Secretary telegraphed to Mi - . Berry, asking that the' time 1 for dipping should be made eight days instead of as at present, "but Mr. Berry replied that he could not now alter the regulations made with the deputation from tlie Victorian people 011 the matter. THE ACCEPTANCES FOE TIIE MEIJIOOHNE CUT. We publish in our issue of to-day the acceptances for tliis great event; the weights as published before are also added. By tlie list it will be seen that at leRst twenty are discontented with their chances and have decluied the contest for the honor. These are Richmond, The Hook, Filibuster, Laertes, , Black Eagle, The Dean} Royalty, Badsman,' B Sharp, Nina, Colima, Signal, Kingston, Lord Burgliley, Perth, Bover, Pascha, H3'llus, Hopeful, MMW,^anison^Philli8tirie, Prattle.' CENTRALISATION OF THE POLICE. This tidea* seems to "be gaining favor all through tlie country, as meetings arc being held iu nearly all : tlie principal towns; at which resolutions in favor of such a movement are being carried. ; On Tuesday an enthusiastic meeting of tliis kind was held at Brighton, at which resolutions were carried to tliis effect, presided over by the local member, tlie very gentleman who opposed- and pooh poohed the scheme when introduced by tlie Reibey Government. This turn of the tide does indoed verify the old proverb, "Time clianges all things." THE BENEVOLENT SOCIETB. A meeting of tliis society was held j'esterday. Present—Messrs. Ditchaai (cliairinan), Ellis, Farrelly, Stephenson, Drysdale, Baliington, McLeod, and Tevelcin. After the usual formalities, tlie following application was determined, from a woman whose husband liad met with an accident, and who, being old, could not work. Considerable disenssion ensued as to whether temporary cases of this kind should be relieved, especially without any recoupment being made when convalescence was re-established. Ultimately it was determined to relieve the applicant in this case, although a general opinion was expressed that recoupment should follow, if only partially, in such cases where it was possible. Three other applications for relief were granted, 111 one instance condition:! 1 !}' upon the soil and daughter bejw ent vo-wodc. Accounts amounting to ©jS 18s. lid. were -passe I for payment. The follow) ig amounts were l-epoiued by the chairman as having been received as donations to the nhnvhousea:—Mr. Milli. gan, £1; Mrs. M^'i^an, £1; Mr. Dowling, t'l; Mrs. ]Ja>.nr,vd, 10s. lietui 1 of the number of pereous rel'eved during the week-ending August 8tb, 1878 —23 men, 00wome -,a«.d 100 children.: ,' , «>V 7)'A11CV R»EAD's GHOST. Despite the inclement-weather this enteitainment, now becoming so popular, was patroi iscd io a very la^;e extent last evenii'g, as also on tlie previous evening. We trust ihe proiirietor ivill alter liis determination,, aud reairin another .-week, iu order to allow vlie people in and aliout Launceston a chance of revisiting tliis Sever eii t-rtaiT jstbt We would Ukewiss suggest a iu!.d-day perforinince for jflie benefit of the children. We' have -been reque.ted to st.'-t3tliat tieketsmay be ^iurcliased at Messrs Walcli , Bros, and Birohall's, which fact, was an oversight rjid was hithei-to unfo. innately omitted in the advertisemeut. Since .wi'itiiig , tlie above we have beeii favoured with jui advertisement luiiiocuciiig the pleasing fact as su"gested that ihe youngsters are to have a "cliance of seeing tlie Ghost on Saturday a'ternobn. AN ADDITION TO Oim I.EKDICAI, STAFF. We not'ee in our pilvertising -columns the addition of Dr. Lvigston to tlie medical staff of Launceston, This gentleman, who is a legally-qualified inedicjil practitioner both of Tasmania and iu Victoria -^-and lioldB credentials which are before us, of the hijlieit oifter; From these it appears tliat Sr. Langston lias been army surgeon in H. M. Artillery BcgnneiiU, and H. M.'b' 4th 1%-inient of Foot, -and only comes here to' improve his health m a better cliiiiatc, having been senouBly 1". at one time fioiu Hie excessive heat of India, where ho has resided for some iimo, and where lie lies left a first-class practice only 011 this account. •: j ( A NAJU10W ESCAPE. I I An accident which lniglit havo :liad a sad termination but for the timely intervention of a disinterested onlooker, occurred at Diglit's Falls, Melbourne, last week. Three little children were playing in a boit which was moored to the bank above tlie falls, when Uie painter, winch was insecurely fastened, gave way, and they were carried down the stream. Tlie river being flooded, there was a strong current at the iimc, and the boat drifted over the falls inio the foam 011 tlie other side. The'r cries' attracted the attention of a gentlemah., named Hai-risj who plunged into the 'current, and, at considerab'e risk, rescuod the children from 'their periloiiB position. Strange io say the boat was not upset in iis passage, owing to becoming wedded between two rocks ou Hie other side ; but had it not been for this, tlie little on<» would have inevitably been killed. AN ACCIDENT ON THE M. I.. IIA1LWAV. An accident which miglit have resulted in instantaneous deatli, occurred to tlie guard of tlio 10.30 trjin wliioli left Hobart Town for Launceston yesterday. It appears tlurt in J> : ngtlie.Ter, Tree siding, Grovely, the guard, threw out some parcels, as is usual, but in doing so leanod a little too much on one side, and thus came in contact with a fast, against which he struck so lieavily that lie fell off the train, and falling 011 his face, came in contact with one of the sivitdi-irons. The news of the accident having been telegraphed, an engine was sent from Hobart Town, which conveyed tlie poor fellow to Hobart Town. On airival there lie was conveyed to his home, where^e lies in a ve'rybruiced and weak state. » " 