|tiems xrf . . " IN PARVO. 1 ,;i<\- ' The outbreak of. the typhoid ,lias. drawn more serious attention to Sanitary preaiitiohs.' A medical , man seeks to . allay apprehension by writing that it is usual iii autumn on account of the gases evolved from decaying organic, matter. "Riif. whv sliftiilfl if. Vm 11 ail aL finnftninllir ' fn mountain districts, and how does its " usual-, ness " diminish the evil? ' . , Rev. Charles Clark has been lecturing to crowded houses; he is about to recite Macaulay's spirited account of the siege of Derryl The Inspector of Public charities has pre sented his .annual report. He . deplores the in? creased tendency of public charities to. under mine the independence of tile people,, and re commends the boarding-out system in preference , to the barrack system. The deadlock in Melbourne is at an end. ; The country districts have been very copiously saturated with rain, over six, inches, laving fallen in many places.' In Sydney scarcely any fell. . ' ... , ; Pastor Alien, examined as a witness in the Police Court, took the profession somewhat by surprise by his cool and . collected .. way J of answering both their' queries and -'their jibes! He had Mr. Walter Cooper especially on tlie hip more than once. The Ladies', United, Evangelical Association met last Wednesday. Their zeal is unabated. The flower mission flourishes, the Bible and prayer . union fairly started, and books, periodicals, and motto cards circulated amongst all classes. Poor Archbishop Polding's ghost does! not seem to be at rest yet, or at least did not, on Wednesday last, for it was deemed necessary to have a " requiem mass to lielp to put |it to rest. An archbishop, three bishops, and "several clergy tried their best, after doing the same for the late Pope. Can one ever be at rest accord? ing to the Papacy ? (" Several melancholy results of typhoid.. have been reported from Orange. ; " The departure of the " City, of Sydney" for San Francisco is postponed tiU , Friday at 3 o'clock p.m. to allow replies to 'correspondence by Suez mail arriving. A new railway platform is opened at Donald Town, near Redfern, nine trains to stop there each way. -r According,, to the Pall MaU Gazette, . tAte Russian journals , are . calling . 'G onstantinople "Czarsgrad." V." ' In a cricket : matcli last week between tlie Commercial Bank and the Joint ..Stock, tlie former, made the immense score of 500 in one innings. ! Residents at N orth Shore are greatly annoyed by boisterous picnics in their vicinity on Sun days. . .' . The Judges differed in their, interpretation of the 31st clause of the Lands Act. Not only so, but each side declared the other interpretation to be perfectly absurd. Sir James Martin says five miles square mean twenty-five miles square of whatever figure. Judges Faucett and Har- graves took its strict mathematical meaning. ' A new Chancellor is to be elected for the University, Sir G. Deas Thompson having.re: signed because of advancing years. . .. , Mr. Hurley's resolution in favour of "opening, the Museum and the Public Library on, Sundays has passed the Assembly. " "I Dean McCarthy, at the pontifical mass for the repose of the late Pope, went in for the old and never-ceasing nonsense about "Thou art Peter," &c;, as if Peter had any connexion with Pius IX. or Rome, or any other person who directly contradicts what he taught. 