CONDITIONAL PURCHASES. The undermentioned free selections were taken up at the places stated last Thursday :— At Gunning.— Joseph Bush, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Jerrawa ; William Wilson, 50 acres, 13th section, parish of Narrawa ; John Craig, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Narrawa; Wm. L'Estrange, 100 acres, 21st section, parish of Wheoo ; Robert Dowling, 86 acres 2 roods, 21st section, parish of Bunton ; Jeremiah Flynn, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Mundoonan; John Johnson, 80 acres, 21st section, parish of Mundoonan ; William Hazell, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Mundoonan ; Michael Brodrick, 40 acres 2 1st section, parish of Lampton ; James Bevan, 40 acres, 22nd section, parish of Jerara ; Arthur Bush, 50 acres, 14th section, parish of Bunton ; William Buist, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Jerrawa ; Edward Hines, sen., 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Dalton ; Francis Byrne, 50 acres, 21st section, parish of Narrawa; William Rodgers, 80 acres, 21st section, parish of Narrawa ; Patrick Walsh, 40 acres, 21st section, parish of Winduella ; Denis Clancy, 55 acres, 21st section, parish of Merril, At Queanbeyan. — County of Murray — James Young, Bungendore, 160 acres, parish of But- maroo; Peter Shumack, jun., Canberra, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Canberra ; John Ryan, Gininderra, 140 acres, section 13, parish of Goorooyoroo ; James Richard Burgess, Gun- daroo, 40 acres, section 14, parish of Pur- ????????????????????????????????????????????? acres, section 22, parish of Gininderra ; Pat. Hill Osborne, Bungendore, 320 acres, section 21, parishes of Ellendon and Currandooley ; Richard Charles Rowley, Sutton, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Goorooyaroo; John Mac- namara, jun., Queanbeyan, 40 acres, section 21, parish of Urialla, County of Cowley— George Webb, Urayarra, 60 acres, section 21, parish of Uruyarra; William McLaughlin, Urayarra, 60 acres, section 21, parish of Urayarra, At Gundagai.— James Robinson, 60 acres, Kimo; R. J. R. Plows, 40 acres, North Gun- dagai ; Ann Pressly, 40 acres, Cooney ; Timothy Flinn, sen., 40 acres, Cooba ; George J. Harri- son, 58 acres, Cunningham ; Thos. W. Dixon, 70 acres, Cooney; James Passlow, 165 acres Claris ; Charles Perry, 40 acres, Money Money ; Thomas Broughton, 112 acres, Burra; Patrick Foley, 200 acres, Burra ; David Sinclair, 40 acres, Eurongilly; A. Sinclair, 40 acres, Mitta Mitta ; Duncan Sinclair, 40 acres, Mitta Mitta ; John Sheahan, 130 acres, Cooney. At Burrowa. — John Manyan, 100 acres, parish of Narrallan ; Edward Kerr, 40 acres, parish of Kenyu ; John O'Connor, 50 acres, parish of Graham; Patrick Stinson, 100 acres, parish of Rossi; James Russell, jun., 40 acres, parish of Bala. At Young.— William Batkin, 640 acres, Wee- dalion; Thos. A. Batkin, 640 acres, Weedalion; John Shea, 40 acres, Cullingar; Michael Shea, 40 acres, Cullingar; Edward Murphy, 120 acres, Beggan Beggan ; Roderick McLeod, 50 acres, Cullingar; T. and G. Barnes, 100 acres, Cul- lingar. At Wagga Wagga.— George Reid, 62 acres 3 roods, county of Clarendon, parish of Oura ; George Hulm, 324 acres, county of Clarendon, parish of Gwynne; John Donnelly, 200 acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Tywong; John Duncan Nicholls, — acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Cuningdroo ; Edward Donnelly, 50 acres, county of Wynyard, parish of Blanch. Match for £20.— A match for £10 a side will take place in Sampson's paddock on Monday next between Mr. W. Best's Ida and Mr. J. Nash's Spy, catch weights ; distance, half a mile. The Hardwicke Estate, — Intending pur- chasers are reminded that the sale of the Hard- wicke estate, as advertised, takes place at the auction rooms of Messrs. Finlay and Co., at Goulburn, to-morrow, Wednesday. Burrangong Turf Club Races.— Second Day. —The result of the races on last Thursday ap- peared in our telegraphic column in last issue. On Friday the Burrangong Turf Club Handicap of £100, with a sweep of 5 sovs. added, was won by Mr. L. Towns's Apology; Mr. R. Grovenor's bay or brown filly by Yattendon second. The Flying Handicap of 30 sovs. was carried off by Mr. W. J. Hill's Miss Jane; Mr. Devlin's La Bello second. In the Selling Hurdle Race of 25 sovs., Mr. McKenzie's Uncle Aleck came in first, and Mr. Whitty's Maritana second. For the Consolation Stakes of 25 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs., Mr. Whitty's Pimento was first, and Mr. Hill's Star of the Hills second ; and the Forced Handicap of 25 sovs. was won by Mr. Miller's Forester, Miss Jane coming in second, The settling took place at the Great Eastern Hotel, when £526 8s. 6d. was paid away in prizes. Amateur Entertainment.— An entertainment in aid of the Yass Oddfellows' Band was given last night by amateurs of Yass, in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute. The hall was crowded, and the gallery, which was opened to the public for the first time, was also well filled. The per- formances were well rendered, and the several amateurs merited the applause which greeted and frequently interrupted them. A solo on the clarionet by the bandmaster, Mr. E. Kearns, literally brought down the house. The after- piece — The Photographic Studio — in which Messrs. Flaherty, Turner, and Mitchell took part, was highly amusing, and caused loud and frequont peals of laughter. At tho conclusion of tho ontertainmeiic tho company sang St. Patrick's Duy, for which tboy woro loudly cheered. Tub Electoral Lists.— Courts for the revision of tho electoral lists for the districts notnod will be hold at tho places and on tho dates stated : — At Yass, Burrown, and Young, on tho 23rd proximo ; and at Gundagui on the 13th proximo. Municipal Council. — Tho moeting of tho Yobs Municipal Council lnpsod again on Friday last for want of a quorum. Tho only alderman prosont was Alderman Howell. Thorohas been no moot ing of the Council now sinco tho ISth of January. Police Forage. — The tender of Mr. John Collins for tho supply of polico forago for Yass for tho year ending March, 1S79, has boon ac cepted by tho Government. Racing Match and Races. — By advertisement it will bo soon that on Monday next a match is to be run on the Yass course between Mr. W. Best's Ida and Mr. Nash's Spy. To raako tho most of the occasion, the enterprising and sporting luud- lord of the Salutation (Mr. W. Comins) tills up a little programme of sports, which will attract a few of the best hacks around, if only to tost their speed. A match fob £10 a-side has been arranged between Graham, of Cooradigbee, and Koell'o, of Gundaroo; distance, 200 yards, and to come otf in Sampson's paddock on the 0th April noxt. The American Wae —To-morrow and on tho two following evenings this roally first-class and attractive diorama is to be exhibited in tbo Yass Mechanics' Institute. It is somo seven or oight years siuco it was before most successfully shown in Yosb, and we learn that the pictures are as fresh and as attractive as ever. The ex planatory lecture is interesting and instructive, and aided by the excellently represented sconoB, tho incidents of this great civil war cannot fail to be fixed upon the memory of tho audience. A number of prizos aro distributed amongst thoso present, particulars of which will be found in our advertising columns. St. Clement's Church. — At a numerously ot- tendod meeting, which was held in St. Clement's school-room last night, it was resolved, upon tho motion of Dr. Cumpboll, J. P., socondod by ; .. / Mr. J. B. Sharp, J. P., to oroct a now Episco- ! puliao Church in Yass, the cost of which will bo ' about £3500. Tho full report of tho mooting is held over till our next issue. Edcational. — At tho recent examination of toachors, which took place in Yass, Miss Golds- worthy has taken the iii. A certificate, being tho bighost in tbo class sho was pormitted to com pote for. Miss O'Connor, of Cutiningar, takos second cortificato. Both of these youqg ladioB wore training under Mr. Briorly, of Yass. Miss E. Miller, daughter of Mr. Goorge Millor, and Miss E. Colvin, daughter of Mr. Goorge Colvin, have both been appointed pupil teachers. The former goes to Young, and the lattor to Sydnoy, and it is croditable to Mr. Briorly to say thut they were both pupils at his Bchool. Mb. Thos. Colls and tub Albubt Borough Council. — Tho following advertisement, which explains itsolf, we clip from an Albury con temporary: — "Council Chambera, Albury, March 14, 1878. Mr. Thomas Colls, Globo Hotel, Albury. — Sir, — In pursuanco of the agree ment this day mado botwoqn you and oursolves, for tho sottlomont of the action latolywinstitutod by you against us in tho Supremo Court of this colony, for tho recovery of £1000, as compensa tion for the illogal seizure and salo by us of certain of your goods, wo beg to state that tho distress was mado by us (under a misappre hension as to our legal right) in respect, of municipal rates which had been left unpaid by a prior tenant of your hotel, and which you (as we how admit rightly) refused to pay ; and to expross to you our rogrot that we, in the performance of what wo thought to bo our duty, should hove occasioned you any loss or annoyance. Also, that we have to pay you the sum of ono hnndrod pounds, with all costs incurred by you as between attornoy and client, and to refund you tho money ronlisod by the salo of tho few articles on which we levied. We havo also to pay for one inser- SMofyj' llienrfti.elB?>'c!ri?i thir,01 Homing Herald, the Albury Banner, and tho Border Post; and you aro likewise at liberty to make such further uso of it ob you may think fit.— Yours obodiently, for the Municipality of Albury, Wm. J. Jones, Mayor. Samuel Mudgo, Council Clerk." Accident to the Rev. Father O'Dwyer.— Wo Tocr6t to have to report that the Rov. D. O'Dwyer, C.C. (who was lately stationed at Yass), mot with a serious accident on last Thursday morning. He wns returning to the Presbytery from tho Roman Catholic Church, .and when near tho gaol he opened his umbrella, as it was raining, and tho animal he was riding taking fright at this bolted into Byron-street, and commenced to buck violently. Father O'Dwyer managed to koep bis seat until tho animal buckod the fifth time, when he was thrown with groat violence on tho rough stonos near tho police barracks. The accident was witnessed by senior- constable Flannery, who tvas noar his residence at tho timo, and he hastened with senior-constable MoElligott to the assistance of tho rev. gentleman. They found that he had rocoived several woundB, which were bleeding profusely, on his boad and face, and that be was quite insensiblo. The rev. gentleman was immediately removed to aenior- aorgeont Carroll's sitting-room, where ho was attended by Dr. McKillop, for whom a raossengor / had at once been dispatched. Tho doctor ' dressed the wounds, and did all in his power for i to tho patient, who, however, continued uiicon- / tfcious until about four o'clock, whon ho showed some signs of returning consciousness. Tho piatient, who is suffering from concussion of the brain, was removed to the Presbytery last Thursday evening.— Gundagai Times. By pri vate letters recoived yesterday, we are glad to be able to state that his medical attendant has pronounced Father O'Dwyer out of danger. Laying the Foundation-stone of the New Wesleyan Chapel at Rye Park.— The pressing need of a new Wesleyan chapel at Rye Park has been long felt; the old one has done good service in the past, and has been a blessing to the neighbourhood, but has now become dilapi- dated, and is also too small for the congregation. Often the place is so crowded that those present are made most uncomfortable by the crush, whilst others stay away, not caring to endure such discomfort. A few months ago the leading members of the congregation held a meeting to take into consideration the erection of a more suitable place of worship, at which it was re- solved to build a commodious brick chapel, at a cost of about £300, and no time was lost in putting this resolution into a practical shape. Yesterday (14th instant) the foundation- stone was laid by Miss Hume, daughter of A. H. Hume, Esq., J.P., of Everton, who did the work in such a neat and graceful manner that led to the belief she well understood the modus operandi required at such ceremonies. The Rev. G. R. Glasson, superintendent minister of the circuit, gave out the hymn usually sang on such occasions, whivh was very well sung by the company. The Rev. J. Clifton, of Bathurst, led the congregation in prayer, after which a bottle containing the customary documents deposited on such occasions, together with the last issues of the S. M. Herald and several other papers, also some of the coins of the realm, was placed in a cavity prepared for it. The stone was put into position, after which a beautiful mallot and trowel were presented to Miss Hume by the Rev. G. R. Glasson, who expressed the great pleasure it afforded him in being called upon present the mallet and trowel to Miss Hume, and then requested that lady to lay the stone. Miss Hume gave the orthodox knocks upon tbe stone, and then declared the stone to be well and truly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, after which Mr. Hume made a few appropriate remarks, and on behalf of Miss Hume and himself thanked the com- mittee for the honour they had done his daughter in requesting her to lay the foundation-stone of a place to be erected for the worship of God. Between £30 and £40 was then placed upon the stone. A suitable address was delivered by theo minister of the circuit, and the proceedings were brought to a close by the Rev. J. Clifton pronouncing the benediction. Soon after the conclusion of tho stone ceremony, those present were invited to partake of a sumptuous repast provided by the ladies of Rye Park. It was well for the tables that they could not feel, otherwise they would have cried out under the burden of cakes, tarts, and a variety of other good things — so rich as to leave no doubt that numbers of those who indulged so freely, are suffering to-day from nervousness and bilious headache. When all had done ample justice to tho good things, the tables were removed and the public meeting commenced. The chair was occupied by the Rov. J. Clifton. Tho financial statement was made by the ministor of the circuit. Addresses were delivered by Messrs. Cummins, Cook, and tho Rev. G. R. Glasson. A collection was made, and at the close of the meeting it was announced that, including some promises made before, the proceeds of the day amounted to nearly £150. We think the Rye Park friends have cause to be thankful, take courage, and go on their way rejoicing. — Com- municated to Burrowa News. 