NEW S OF THE D A Y. We regret to have to announce that The IIehald office was completely gutted by (ire, between five and six o'clock this morn ing. For some little time, therefore, until matters are again got into working order, we must cravo the indulgence of our readers for any shortcomings which nay be apparent in the paper. The manager of tho Argushas kindly consented to print The Hkrald until we have got our own office into working order again. We are deeply indebted to Mr Spowers, ' ns well as to Mr May, tlio printer of that journal, nnd the employes of the Argus generally, for the ready manner in which they came to our aid. To the proprie tors of the Age and Daily Tele graph, and to the employes of these journals generally, we also retun our I warmest thanks for the prompt and kindly manner in which thoy at once tendered to us their aid in our difficulty. The catastrophe, serious as it undoubtedly has been, is les sened by tho friendly aid whioh has been proffered to us by our morning contemporaries. Forsome little time it will be necessary for us, owing to the difficulties under which we labor, to close our columns for advertisements a little carlior than hereto fore. We therefore ask those who favor us with advertisements to send them in not later than one o'clock. The Herald will be published as before, and at tho back of the premises. The business nnd literary departments will he conducted on the premises in Swnnston-street next door to the . old office. The arrangement which was come to yester day, between Mr Peterson and the seamen on strike, as reported in The Herald, has appar ently settled the question. Mr Paterson pledged his word of honor that he would not supply the A, S.N, Company with coal, and on this understanding the strikers have all gone to work ngnin, and tho difficulty seems finally settled. Owing to tho heavy thunderstorms up tho North-Eastern district yesterday and last evening, the telegraph lines were working very badly, nnd tho consequence was that, mes sages were greatly delayed. Some telegrams lodged at tho offices yesterday were not de livered until to-day, and all messages were considerably delayed. Inspector Montfort this morning again took occasion to draw attention to the fact that magistrates arc lax in their treatment of per- ' sons who become responsible for the good be haviour of others, A man named John O'Connor was charged at the City Court with threatening the life of his wife, nnd Mr Wheelan stated thnt he had been twice " bound over" in the last twelve mouths, and after having gone to gaol for a week or so, had been beggeu off by his wife, and the sureties allowed to go scot free, when lie had repeated the offence for which lie was originally com mitted. Mr "Wilton, who presided on the bench, said that he would take a note of the matter, and mention it to his brother jus- ices. Some amusement was created in the Eme rald Hill Police Court this morning by a man charged by the police with using abusive lan guage. The offender pleaded that he had been an old soldier, and had received a wound in his head, " which I can produce, your wor ship" — whether the head or the wound did not transpire — nnd a glass of liquor had a peculiar effect on him. The bench discharged the veteran, who was hurriedly leaving the court, when, recollecting himself, ho Faced about and executed a military salute, witli a precision that would liavo filled the heart of a drill-sergeant with satisfaction and innocent glee. A number of persons, 23 in all, were sum moned to the Emerald Hill Police Court this morning, and fined, for not complying with tho Education Act and tending their children to school. Tho prosecutions were conducted by Sergeant Bailey, on informations laid by Mr Demiott, the truant officer for the district. Mr Dermott has been but recently appointed, but hns alreudy been singularly successful in in rencliing a class hitherto to some extent neglected. Within tho last three months 4G convictions have beon obtained by him, besides tlioso presented this morning. In reference to the paragraph which ap peared in a former issue re the action of Mr W. 11. Merry and tho Geolong and Ballarat Eailway contractors v. The Queen, there oc curred a slight inaccuracy. Wo understand that, in consequence of certain important evi dence elicited duriug the investigation by tho select committee appointed bjr tho Legislative Assembly, a suit in equity is about to be instituted against tho Government for a very large amount by Mr Merry, on behalf of him self and certain others interested under tho contract, to upset tho compromise, release and indemnity, nnd that Sir Holroydhas been retained by them. Farmers anil, others who reside' away front the inhabited portions of their districts should, be careful of the trumps at present infesting the country localities, A Mr Singleton, a far mer residing at Coburg, on .Thursday morning, was informed by ono of his daughters that a saiioi -looking man was in ono of tho bedrooms coolly sitting on tho bed. Mr Singleton and his brother appearing on tho scone, tho follow cleared out through the window, but was very booh captured. Nothing being found upon- him, Mr Singleton very good-naturedly cau tioned the intruder and allowed him to de part. During the journey from Ballarat to Mel bourne yesterday, a few of tho passengers in one of tlio carriages wero nearly coming to blows about tlioKcllys. "Two gentlemen (?) and a ladyf?)" mado remarks in a loud tone; one to the offect that lie hoped tho Kellys would never be cauglit, and that if they were a number of police would be shot down first. The other (gentleman and tho lady openly and demonstratively coincided. Then a commer cial gentleman, who openly rebuked them for their shameful sentimonts, was threatened, nnd told that they, tho Kelly sympathisers, were as respectable ns he (and one of tliciq is af J.P. of Bungnrce or thereabout.)' T lie commercial man, however, was not to " ho DottiiCfd, nnd told tlio trio he considorod them as bad as tlio outlaws, We hoar also that at tlio Chines railway sta tion it was reported to tlid station-master that one or two of tho passongers in it train had ox- pressed open sympathy for the gang hut that on the matter being referred to an offic'?r of police, ho asked the .complaining passongor' wlietlRT lie would give n day to attend as wit- j nets in court, and being replied to in the nega tive, lie aaid lie could do nothing in such a ca3e, as ho had witnessed no overt net himself, Doubtless sportsmon nro well aware thnt the close season for Australian game, with the exception of quail, lyre birds and hare3, ended yesterday. At Auckland, Now Zealand, on Tuesday morning last, a serious railway accident oc curred near Invercargil). The engine was thrown o if the tholino by a cow; a great amasii resulted. Several of the passengers wero; injured, nnd one killed. The tender for tlio Carlsrulio nnd Daylosford Eailway lias been announced in favorof Messrs Tophiun, Angus, and Smith, at £31,035151 Od. Tho line is one Hint will be tlio most difficult experienced. The clearing is the heaviest that ! cuttings are without comparison In this colony for difficulties. There arc 42 lovel crossings, 10 bridges, and 85 culverts. The bridges are to bo mado of wood and the culverts of wood nnd brick. Tlio contractors have to crcct six platforms for sta tions and lav tlio lino of telegraph ns well. - Tlio wnolo length of tlio lino is 22 miles nnd 20 chains, which runs through nearly all private property. Tlio largest outting is 22,000 yards, and the sharpest curve is 20 chains radius. Tlio lnrgest bridge is over the Loddon, anil is COO feet in length, anil 00 feet high, 'ihc time for the completion of tho con tract is twelve months, and a fino of £50 a day will bo imposed for every day in excess of this period. Wherever tho English language is spoken (re marks the Ararat Advertiser), a feeling of deep sympathy is certain to be found attached to any occurrence affecting tho family con nections of tho late Charles Dickons. This was evidenced to a largo extent during tho past few dnys at Hamilton, whore one of tho illustrious writer's sons has for some time past been engaged in extensive commercial trans actions. Mr Alfred Tennyson Dickons, who is a partner in tlio mercnntilo firm of Broe, Dickens, and Co., suffered a sad bereavmcnt 011 Saturday last, when his wife — a daughter of Captain Devlin — was thrown from her pony carriage, and, having fractured the base of her skull, shortly afterwards expired without having regained consciousness. The deceased lady was much beloved by nil who know her, and was popular alike with the opulent and poor. Her deatli hns created a great sooial void in the district, and casts a gloom over many households. The Sydney EvcningNcws heads its reports of the proceedings of the Kelly gang": "The War in Victoria." Tbc annual speech-day of the Fitzroy Pri vate' Academy, Moor atrcet, of which Sir A Watson is the principal, took place on Thurs day evening, in tho local Town Hall. The mayor, Mr Tucker, M.L.A., presided, and the ' halt wits filled with the relatives and friends of the pupils. An agreeable programme of songs, recitations, &c.;, was gono_ through ; and then u number of valuablo prizes wero dis tributed. Tlio chairman complimented the principal on the flourishing condition of the Academy, and the progress which had been made by tho pupils during tho year. An entertainment of a novel kind will ho commenced to-night at St George's Hall. The performers, who are all Indies, and are advertised in our columns as the Blondonetto Lady Minstrels, will perform a medley con sisting of comic and sentimental songs, and other amusements partaksng of tlio Georgia Minstrel style. Tho performance seemB likely to provo an attractive ono nnd will no doubt be largel attended. Mr Campbell, the Australian Bush Mission ary, delivers a lecture, Expose of Spiritism ; nnd its Champions and Mediums, in tho Prnliran Town Hall, to-morrow evening, at 7.30. An energetic evangelist, who lias re cently arrived from Natal, in Southern Africa, and purposes settling in Victoria, _ will kindly preside over Mr Campbell's meeting. Notwithstanding tho state of tho weather, the complimentary benefit to Miss Ada' Ward at tlio Theatre Boyal drew a large house last night. The performance, which was under tho patronage of the Australian Eleven, consisted of the Lady of Lyons, in whioh Miss Ward took the pnrt of Pauline Dcscliapelles. Miss Ward was frequently called beforo tho curtain, nnd was enthusiastically applauded on each. Mr W. G. Carey's Clauu Mclnotte pleased the audience greatly, and the make-up of Miss Carrington, as Widow Mclnotte, was mo3t attractive. To-night will he Miss Ward's last appearance, when Mary Warner will bo pro duced. At tlio Opera House last night, the well- known drama of Expiation was performed, with Miss Annie Firmin in the leading part of Sara Multon. The performance was for the benefit of Messrs Thco. Hamilton and Chas. Whentlcigh. Mr John Jack took the part of M. Bellin, to the satisfaction of those present. The audience seemed much pleased with the dancing of the Baby Ballet, Troupe who per formed a quadrille. To-niglit the Irish drama, Peep o' Day, will be produced. Lcs Cloches do Cornevillc, at the Academy of Music last night, drew a fair attendance. This opera was produced at tho request of Lord Harris and the English team of cricketers, who were present at the entertainment. The per formance pnsscd off well, nnd considerable satisfaction was manifested by the nudioncc. To-night, the last night of the season, a double bill will be produced, consisting of the Bohe mian Girl and La Fille do Madame Angot. D'Arcy Bead's Ghost, at the Athenaium Hall continues to draw a large number of mys tery lovers, every evening. To- night tho usual entortainmont will bo repeated, und in addition there will bo an afternoon performance commencing at luilf-past two o'clock. The weekly People's Concert at tho Tem perance-hall, "Bussell street, will be given this evening. A new nnd original comedy, entitled A Husband in Trouble will be produced, in which Mr and Mrs Arthur Vivian will make their first appearance. A giand elocutionary nnd musical entortainmont will lie glvon by Mr C > rl sGrooko, in the Mecca ilea' Iistitut , Emerald II111. this evening. 