SPECIALITIES. IT may surprise not a few to hear that in 1880 Queensland will cease to be a "colony." That term of contempt which, with its adjective "colonial," has so often been used with the effect of making ua feel small, is decreed void after that date. In 1880 the "Queen of the Colonies " will attain her majority, and become a "nation." So at least we learn from the latest resolution of the Queensland Agricultural and Industrial Association. According to this* the exhibition of 1880 is to be held in Brisbane under the grand name of "The International Exhibition." We beg to call the attention of the Government, before it be too late, to the high-handed doings of this ambitious association. They are taking the country by storm, as well as by surprise. Already they form quite an im pcriwn in imperio. Already they are exercising all the minutest functions of a paternal Govern ment, with a touch of petticoat government to boot, inasmuch as there is not a single department of daily life or death, from ladies' underclothing to mortuary sculpture, from live cattle to stuffed wallabies, from patent grubbers to artificial teeth, that does not come under their judicial inspection. And now, it appears, they are getting too big for their colonial boots* Already they are posing before the kingdoms of the earth with an air presump tive of imminent nationality. The quiet way in which the " nation's " existence is assumed in the decoy-term " International" shows a full grown astuteness that argues great diplomatic capacity. It was all very well to call the associa tion, and other things, national amongst our selves ; but we knew, of course, that to others we were merely one of the colonies. But once get the various countries to send us their pro ducts on pretence of our " /nternational," and straightway, past all recall, we have entered into the comity of nations. If the Legislature don't look out, this preternaturally acute organisation will take the country into their own hands, and "run the concern" themselves. Who knows but this may be the real heir and successor of the now almost effete Representative Government, and that by 1880, instead of a parliament, we may be governed by a great industrial association, on the competitive prize system, and every man, beast, and thing ticketed, numbered, catalogued, and judged ? Who knows but this may be the new social phase that is to usher in the Millennium ? Meantime we can only regard the danger to existing institutions. There is a socialistic omi nousness in the very name, "The International." But, though we lift up a Cassandra voice to a menaced Government, we are not of those who believe that the pretensions of the association have gone bo far as to demand that they be represented at the Berlin conference. This would never do; unless, to be sure, they sent Palmer as their ambassador. That might do even the Man of Blood and Iron good. We cm conceive even Bismarck sitting silently aghast as Palmer rises to offer, on behalf of the association, a prize of two guineas for the three beßt sugges tions, or hangs a blue ribbon and a ticket round GortschakofFs neck, as the society's first prize for the biggest lie. Even if there is no truth in the rumor, we think the originator of it entitled to a prize for the biggest canard. We know him well, and can answer for him that he will not follow the present reprehensible fashion of re turning the prize-money We felt quite rare that Colonel Sontchley would spot some omission or other in our mili* tary exercises, and, as a matter of course, we were right. Last time we saw our army in battle array, we knew instinctively that there was some* thing wanting, besides an enemy, though we couldn't put a technical name on it, Now, how* ever, that Colonel Scratchley has pointed it out, or, at least, assigned it a sort of courteously hypo thetical existence, we are not at all ashamed of our previous ignorance, as it turns out to be something that is not mentioned in any of the drill manuals which contain our private stook of military omniscience. Among all the steps of which our Volunteer movement is made up, there is one drill step that seems not to have been thought of. If it has been practised at all, it is only, as one may say, by a fluke, and has then come to an anchor. Certainly, it has not been systematically taught We don't know that it has even a recognised name, but from Colonel Scratchley's hints at its nature we think we may safely describe it as The Officer's Retiring Step. Were we asked to paraphrase the title in such a way as to leave no room for ambiguity, we should call it the Consciously In efficient Officer's Retiring Step. Though it is rather a complex movement, we think we can make it understood without the use of a diagram. It is a pa* teul. As a preliminary, the officer executes the Balance Step, by means of which, having taken his own weight he finds himself wanting. Then comes the Retiring Step itself, which, after all, is simply the Goose Step back ward*. But easy as it is to understand it is not so easy to execute. We would call it a very unpa latable step, only that auch a high-stepping suggea* tion is scarcely applicable to a step downward*. We might call it a very indigestible step, did not the phrase involve as indigestible an absurdity as the popular kickshaw known as a " kick in the stomach." At any rate, it is a step which puts a severe strain on human nature—a strain •yen worse to endure than some of those of tbe band. So severe a pull does it make on one's muscular Christianity that it is highly im* probable that any officer will be induced to step this step more than onoe in a lifetime. It is pleasing to note Colonel Scratchley's conn* dence in human nature, and especially in Aus* tralian nature, which is not usually remarkable for anything in the retiring line of business. He has "no doubt" that the self-convicted ineffi cient officers will " retire gracefully." Like a gallant soldier, he knows no doubt—except a re* doubt. He has even confidence that the retiring officers will behave properly under the crou-flre of a galling paradox. He expects them, though unattached, to remain as much attached as ever. Though scratched, or Scratchley'd, they are not to go to grass altogether. We presume that those self-denying men will be transferred to the Ord nance Department—that is to say, if the histori cal " Self-denying Ordnance" is still in existence. Wi have heard aome short-sighted people find fault with the attack made upon the member for Clermont by hia constituents, particulars of which appear in another column. We don't at all agree with them. There ia a pleaaing honeaty, nay almoat manliness, in the candor with which they acknowledge their disregard of political principles and their preference for hard cash. See, too, the beautiful simplicity of politica when the only question to be decided by-an electorate or by ita member is—which party will bid highest for support? Besides, this principle, which the Clermont people openly avow, has been acted on pretty generally already, and, if so, the open avowal makes it no worse. Aa for Stevenson, if he chooses to make himself a political martyr to independent principles, purity of Government, and all that kind of thing, he doea it with his eyea open. We never expected it of him, however, never thought him a bit better than the rest of them ; but now it appeara that even the irrepressible Morehead got £1000 out of the Government, and Fox had Bcarcely taken hia seat before he nobbled £800 for hia constituents ; whilst the Clermont electors bad their fondest hopes disappointed, and after electing Stevenson, and hooray ing themselves hoarse on his account, got nothing from him. We all know that it is now the chief business of a member of Parliament to get aa much public money aa possible spent in his electorate, and the people of Clermont are quite right to say openly that they intend to sack their member because he is a bad cadger. Business affairs should always be dealt with as such, and, if a man ia elected to perpetrate swindles on the colony for the benefit of those who sent him to Parliament, he may very properly be dismissed if he neglect the work he is engaged for. We think, however, that the electors of Clermont are not sufficiently business-like, or rather, they look at their own affairs from a business point of view but don't regard their member's part in the same light. If a member of Parliament in really a kind of commercial traveller, sent out by a constituency to extract money from the Government, he ought to be allowed a fair remuneration for his exertions in carrying through a purely busi ness transaction. We ask, therefore, have the elec tors of Clermont offered Mr. Stevenson a fair commission for all the caßh he can get for them ? If they have not, they had better cor rect their error at once before the Estimates are compiled, and the best chance for a transaction such aa they meditate baa gone by. If they offered him—say 10 per cent, on the amount of any swindle which he could work for their benefit, they could assert, at all events, that they had left nothing undone to gain their object. We wonder whether other constituencies are in reality more or less honest than Clermont. Do they decline to sell their support for pecuniary grants, or do they merely hesitate to avow it ? The Premier's enthusiastic reception at Mary borough was not, let us hope, owing to the fact that he had secured the expenditure of a large sum of public money in the electorate; and though we notice that all the candidates for Fasslfern talk a great deal more about the necessity for a rail* way through the district than about the r&dis;* tribution of seats, or any other question whioh is properly political, yet it can't be true that they are only looking for more Government money. Sinoe the electors of Clermont have acknowledged that their only object in politics is to get money —honestly if posaible ; but to get money at any rate—we must take their own evidence in proof of their corruption, but let us at least believe that other constituencies are not equally depraved— not that they are less cynically candid. The tallest thing in the way of a ghost story which we have ever heard cornea to us from New Zealand. The Auckland correspondent of the S. M. Herald (whose letter was published on March 19 in that paper) goes into some figures showing the percentage of electors amongst the population of New Zealand, &c.;, and further state* :—" Indeed, so literally is the franchise interpreted and exercised that daring one super* intendency election in Auckland an elector who had suffered the last penalty of the law three months previously successfully personated the ex-superintendent at a Buburban polling booth." This is very disturbing intelligence. The Dean of Westminster and some others are upsetting the old belief in a state of punishment after death, and now it seems uncertain whether any effectual punishment can be administered to an evil-doer in this world. If a man can vote three months after he has been hanged, he could, we suppose, do anything else, and what an advantage he would have over all the unhanged! He could commit his crimes with impunity, since of course after the last penalty of the law had been inflicted on him no others could be im posed. What a splendid opening, too, this will create for spiritualistic media. Any candidate whose election is contested will in the future only require to engage an accomplished medium, who will embody as many spirits as are required to personate a majority of the electors, and the game will be won. We should like to know something more of the cir cumstances attending this curious case of ghostly personation. Was the candidate against whom the ghost voted one of the jury who found him guilty, or of the counsel who prosecuted him ? Unless there was some desire for revenge to be gratified, it is hard tounderstandaghost revisiting the world for the mere purpose of plumping for an individual of whom he bad no knowledge in the flesh. We are aware that it has been said that in days gone by the denizens of the spirit world took a lively interest in elections at Ipswich, and recorded votes by the hundred; but it was always supposed that a mistake might have been made in those cases; that it was merely obliging neighbors, who, out of good feeling to perpetuate the memory of the defunct, and to carry out his last wishes, assumed his name for a time in the polling booth. In this New Zealand case, how ever, the man who committed the personation of an ex-superintendent is identified as one who was hung three months before—there is no mis take about that. It can be proved, too, that the honorable George Thorn was not in New Zealand when this took place, so there can be no suspicion of trickery. It has been said that the worst use you can put a man to is to hang him; but if this New Zealand story be true it would seem to be no use to hang him. This item of news will have great interest for some of our Ipswich friends. They have always been supposed to know more about election dodges than any people in Queensland. New Zealand has gone ahead of them this time ; but they have a character to maintain, and we can trust them to do it The polling for Fassftern comes off on Tuesday, and we shall watch the result. We do not know whether any Fasaifern elector was ever hung, so possibly our friends may find some difficulty in capping the New Zealand trick ; but we have every confidence in their ingenuity, and would only wish to warn them that no bogus ghost will meet the requirements of this case. The New Zealander was a genuine article —hung first and then identified ; and nothing lesß than half-a-dozen equally well tuthenticated will reinstate the Ipswich poli ticians in the proud position they have bo lsng held, of the cutest electioneering agents yet developed. With the midsummer migratory residents of Brisbane, Mr. Senior will have a heavy account Whether the balance shall be to his debit or credit, the future must disclose. He found a gleaming beach upon our southern coast, lapped by the calm waters of the Bay, and in the near distance a mile away, clamorously demanding admittance to this haven of rest, the sounding billows of the mighty Pacific thundering on the bar. Then the enchanter commenced his spells. A few curious whiting coming to gape at the first litterateur that ever trod their strand became permanently attached, and the lithe iguanai pausing in the mastication of his midday meal, stared at the intruder with a curiosity that banished fear. Slowly waving his magic goose quill, and muttering a soft incantation Like that strango song I heard Apollo siDg When llion, like a mist, rose into towers, the magician proceeded to evoke the fashionable watering-place of the Future out of the briny wilderness of the Present. There was no con vulsion of nature, no sound as of the clanging of subterranean blacksmiths, none of the mysterious fiddlings from the orchestra that one is accus tomed to suppose inseparable from a magician's manifestations of power. But the spell worked with a subtle force. Tea-tree Bcrubs were levelled as with the strength of a whirlwind. The land broke up into allotments and got itself parcelled out to different owners at fancy prices. Excursion steamers were hired to the picturesque Bolitude. Man's imitative instincts Darwin asserts to be one of the many proofs of his simi ous origin. He might have strengthened his theory with valuable instances by washing the growth of Southport. Smith, thirsting for the marine picturesque, buys an allotment; there fore Brown, therefore Jones. In the fickle heart lessnesß of fashion no thought is given to those deserted favorites Sandgate and Cleveland, who, through their tears, eye their youngest sister with the envious booiu that is the lot of all Cinderellaa. So the township becomes something more than a surveyor's expression. A Marine Parade gets itself pegged out along the sward that edgea the hard white beach, on which the donkey of the future, urged by the yells of yet unborn drivers, shall carry in heedless pursuit of pleasure the frolic beauty of a coming genera tion. Will the solid merchant of 1900, who runs down to Southport by the mid-day train to pasß a day with his family in the grate ful quiet of ocean breakers, German bands, hurdy-gurdya, and nigger minstrels, give a thought to the kindly magician who called this paradise into existence ? We trust that his gratitude may be stimulated and his memory refreshed by a symbolical group in bronze or marble in which Mr. Senior as Pygmalion shall be seen, enrapt by the lovely maiden his own art has created, in the act of waking her to life by tickling her nose with his quill; with a suitable inscription by Mr.Cameron, who might also be introduced, gently dropping one eyelid as he ex hibits the unsophisticated whiting that was caught with a bent pin. 