aI ,111ts1i SCHEMINGltMAIDE:N. 'm In Clinton, Illinois, there was a lovely ni maiden say: of 35 'who fell desperately "n Y love with 'ai rich young mnan, and to prove Y, theodisiiterested'raptis'she felt ifor" him and the.ardoet hatnre'd fher gush, she hiit~d' .e as only: a lady 6f 35, anxious' to'inarry, can,, i that he was the.very.:finest'lmanslho ever I ,came roenissr :d, chd?bcld makes !ainymoman' +i happy/by the simple means f a preachbr'alid a. a-license. 'Buot the richybbnng manididf't I see it?;heidin't hibble,amhdndii.facthe stayedit x. awayafrom-Jthereoi in a': mos?t unproposin' Il manuer.i? Bnt'itwas an-enterprieingmaiden, . and so she:went thrdugh somefivei hundred a novels in searchiof a good way to catch a rich' it y;nuug man with matrimonial, lasso, fur; asi n the couple in a novel always'marry;: it is safe ?' toconcludle that tlie oburtiig mnast:'be good' Y. which:results alivaysin:success. ;:i: +e o!:i\Vell, at lastlthe;ftir reader came to! th: -1 t"Romance oEa Poor.YYodnglia n," ,whereio no the,pointi srtliat then.'P.'Y:M.;. being. lIokecd: ,f in a moonlit toiver.?ith a lady;jumpseo tl?'e hi tower at the'riskrof hiselife, sooherithan htay? I upthere:andithis compromise tliladay. -' I'o 'l: have it,'. aid-the, fair .'readlor, clsing the book, and going?dithe6 sextoi of a loiiely , ,Methodist Chu oh wkich, stoodt'ome I diles If in ,the country .. { if :". """' 't ;i . ; , J i . SDiplomatically besieginga that soeiton, she nr managed to!ivheedle'him out ofthe t key! td' the steeple;, which' wnise higb, ,had a4spiruil I stairway icside;iandonli:ono window. I Thei' f. the rith;?bnut'?ionl.young man and the do'' :siuiong'lady, were' seneoid afternoon rioinu along that roadi-and, - stopping at a lohely II churoni to gon u iin;theseteeple and vie vi' fines article of sauiisetAV'T:he coiiple clinbed' e, theistaire ao:edtoodlratithe laingleowinilow admiring thelovely?scene until the:aun? ent Idown behind ihe'west?; andthetwiligh? pt So'qrimnoorlandtsnd lee'-se:inyniovelt orIn for, minutedescription. nThen.the:richynung triman begat tobget skittish: and wish hews at home,eso he;imparted.",agentle hintito his Scompanion that theyihdul better go, &e;?. Sn,,'hNow~, the lady had locked the door of the steeple, assuring the young man that it ws r.the sexton's aimperative command. Down t. ,the ateep, narrow estairas they came, and at e the bottom the lady:felt:for the key in Iher I pooket, but no key:was there .(:. i d ?t,!'.Gracious me," sayd she,.in a most his. . trionic manner?,":if 'It :haven't igone, nd nrdroppel the key ouht of-othe windovrl, t's Sfifty feet to the rounld.I:-What willrbecome' Sof us? To' stay snthis steeple'allnight with a man and show rmyself afterwards unmarried' A. ,would kill.me,' &l.;' nknd!t sies fall Ion Ithle ~younggman's breastiina,paroxysmnof weep In iThatyoung m~anrwls cool: anda butsinhas t. like.r: He waited until- shet turhneioff the 3i water, theh.kindly- seated: her ,on the lowest' step and started:upstairs: ý;-.. i. : ;.,,? . ai :"'?Heavensi; Joseph It?dearioe,; ,youdaint: ,going:to jump + 'i n o. i t:, l I i i t!! Not if I:kc ow it ;.youjust wait?"I s .o .lPresently:lie returnedvwith?a bmrighttsmilte n: on his face and the'bellrope n'uder his arf.;; , gently;, bht firinmly B'etoiokthat,,thirty:=ve-, year-old: young maiden upstairs Lto the win 'dbW,l and,' in spite of her entreaties and cries, e tied the ropeabiout her: waist"randlowaieed away. vt-he conventional'ploughman, hohe Sward ,plodding Ihis. we wasy..wa aw as the moon rose, 'a parti-coloiured ghost descending the face of tlie'cliirchsteeple, and he began' : to pldd faster,:at the same time whistling -a' li 'tune'to keeplip his coi'rage: Butciriosity e stronger than fear, caused him to:take:jnst e one more look':at'the napparition, and what n was his surprise to behold against thdeiteeple: two barred and striped objects :thati loomed, 3 like the clown's;inthe :circus. The plonjgh Li ainanstood'ooted to: the, ground,"and then down cameghost nimmbertwo,'/andasitj is a *.dark,and, masculine.lookingi object, the n ploughmandrallied:from" his fright and op ,prached the spot,%-when,?he beheld: a llady a nd gentleman?ivqaarrellingn,i and' theJllady a calling the, gentleiman al" horrid- wretel r: -No'c oards.:7 r "!I: 1r-;" r0 t~r,. -r. , this.week, when le mentioned "some fabte Sorth, knowing. He prefaced his lect"re by onuounctngn Is intention .to address, most commonly coumittedt byeduciui&'' hd e people and in tti his indirect cause ,ld their dath.ilyotin matter of ;awa iog frn le-ep th.lcturer r lecmenddr' Sobsierved: tht slieep shoul never, unless, thecor nstittight onafely The shosumed th io Sgof diiferlinhtion, a so"l mo e?ldiumeu.. r' in irent ause, thn dngerousath In the matter ofa to the exposcture or thebodd Sluxirlge bath ud that the waterili:ii hld int be colder than was fou t t agrwith! regarded in .the preloiitmday as a necessity of cilisation a r a i and the, s?u? ?sere nerou ti, mlatene thats e conuld be' n scL .ea blhingatc ltlouih a' luxurya in summer was dangberous it winter' on accoue ntly the cause.o ue of the body' ef paers a oImplafteratugf poisonedur s Turkieslation here rprmented as liable tohave t ieaiirle uatism?? versd in thes f fiii eatiat toveathe toilet, , that theof flannel xtthe sviin was stronglyt, are'aidt sole hra aln s' of;thi keping p l e circulh a tndi. w ieris, :learrowtoedlaced upagint theiigl heseioio£ lonit formy of;disease.: rTh .respeact "'to, di? werectreondemned thuse oftead to deit lo crofuloui s and' gouty, tendencies,.1t 'wass !also tp sotedihevergae othaat could be ioued. hootS might serioualyis lmparr a ma.- tir t A. pagainst herhisband Oliver Perry sazard, and "Judge Lawrence, sitting in :SupremeqCoui-t IChdmbeer, New: Yrk made an order <refer. 'ring they matter to John G. Lambirsonto tere prooequently ofthe ability of the defendant tonpgy :alimny to mrs.plaininard dring the pendensocks Sof th6 proceedings. Mra. Hazard caihis that ?hbe:husband, whoewas formerly capt-in' f the qustamer San Jacintoerman, of Saannah linshae, gandv atne tiine captain of the steamshil :Herman Livingston, has beens led sthrat ?in thangt ,man named Len Kwhimball, whoere she charges with making journeysito Bvarioust fnds other citiesewith the !defendant, anth lecgisteringe atdhotels usnder te name of nire. -,lazaid.i 1She also claims that Miss Kimball -hia alieriatedi not ouly her husband's affectiods from-her, :bt assists the captain in spending oladrge sums of money. Thre story of the: captain-puts a somewhat different phase on the case. Hcasaysinanopposin, ' afifiln it, thdt he first met the plaintiff in 185t in a public" bar-ootmn in Amsterdam, Holland; that upon his requet she became his mist sy, anrd that I they trs Hleod over Eurdp ,together, .after which they came to this country.!: tee tateb further that he was about to send her hIcl., we? his mother he aring of their relationphiy aimonly tovMsedlhim to marry the woman, story his married lie had not been a happy he. Heigave.her, he says, a good ,houes layhig out some 4,000dol. for furniture, esup plied her,.with some 2,80(kolta worth iof jewellery, and saw to it that she wanted fot nothing,, but owing to her jealous diyposition and,ncontrollable temper he led a dog's alif with'hr.' er He says she beat himn sph thi aoker, carried a dirk and pistol of which h wasin imminent fear, on one occasion locked hine'up in his ronm and for a long time kept servant, a portion of whose duties was b eep~ a watch upon hit movements: tot ve -h frunesta shebec at hime of' whichs it hat never been claimed or suggestery that he ws farther, yet whose support he Isas to r pao id for qver since. He charges her withobtin tainmg lis r discharge as captain of the;iHeri man Livingston, says he has ply abot 3,500 dollars and charges her with se-ling 300dorls. worth of jewellery, and with freqienti abstractions of large sums from his pants loon'iockets.-Vero Yorkl Herald. A romantic stolry is told at Colechrook, Con ncticut, of a couple who had been 'livo'rced' whehlivig in Olhi, sevenateen years ago, the husband comring'back to live with a siter,h while the wife also went her' way. "A few days ago ithe wife that wao , leirasing of herd former husband's whtereabouts; catile to Cole broak, drove up before his door, and sent inv a note asking if he would receive her. He responded by coming out to her withlopen arms. and they are now enjoying a second blissful honeymloon.- oston Post.. " . The Richest Mnen in the World.,-The fur richest men in tihe world tare Mnr. J3Od. W Mwckiry, of jalifrnia, wh a few yeas uao was comparatively a poor man, who has about £5 per inunte of an income, or: the rylarge stnum of £l,628,000 yearly; i iphs child, £4 per minute; Senator Jonees, of Nrcida, £2 per minute, and th arquis, of I Wesrinik ter, £1 10a per mitiiilr a.n 