OTTRLAmXBU'R TI-rRATRICALS; AT - ' RQCLONG-i ; . ' ' He jests at scars who neeevfelt a wcnaml — Romeo. '.One of the most, awful recollcctlous Mr. Banbury Cross, :.of 300100?, had of bis youthful days, he used' to declare, . was'riien he inade hi's first and only appeaVahce as Ian ' , 'actor at a private amateur theatrical entertainmeut at'his own house in ?o6longl He, fo-r some unknown reason; rtad UUllLyLVcLl bUtlu L16 WclS UOin. tO UU ivLl d.L>LUl'LU UIUclCl LuU boards like the great Garrick and the elder Kean»but it . was/ foblLsh notibn, soon knocked out of his head after his ; peculiar debut. On fiadiitg the Melbourne and Sydney managers unwilling to give s perfect novice with blbaring red'bair, and a turnriip nose, an appearance" in '' Hamlet" at any ef their severa,! theatres, he resolved to "take the . bull by the horns" and get up a. company of his own down' , at his place at Boo long. He went to enormous expense in building a small theatre, purchasing wardrobe, havfn,g' 'bceneiy painted — for Banbury -was determined to do the: thing,-wl and in tip-tpp-style. Ho ,,got together a kind ;. (of scratch cpmpa.ny,'&any.; of themlike liiihsclE, raw . ain- - , ibitious amateurs; "'eager "to fret their hour upon the .stage,';' aUfl'pne or two see ly butcasts of the prbfcsBlon|; 'and he looked forward to the production of his pet play, Haihlet;" Himself as 1;he Frince, with 'imuch excitement, i not lihalibyed with pleasure. The amateurs, after about a month's' ,boHBtant rehearsal, were pretty perfect dii . their -iWords befoie the curtain' went up, but after it did most of . r'them forgot; them. The scenery hitched ; the Ghost was intoxicated, and the Kiug likewise ; Ophelia, an amateur, Imrstinto a nervous , fit " of tears ..before she said a dozen lines. : Banbury was roared at by tbe loc'al personages who ';assernbled to assist -at'the amateur performance. But this \Avas not the worst, 'for Banbury found tliabpvhen the bills bame in the expense was twicb as'large''as' he had expected, and he could not meet.them./J' The fellqws,''he nseclto say, ." allowed mb to have whatever Iwanticd'oncredib, because , they knevv that my .rich -uncle, in Adelaidcj. a strict Method ist, would pay- them,, bub;I knew Ycryyvbll, -he would do no \- such thing, when he. f oan.dr /theyi were for theatrical tr ajj- pings, fpr.if ithererwosipne he heldin! a'phorrence it was the tbeatre,'r.-/ What w/h to do/? /'-Fis iincle would ',dlsinheritjip,,turn,himpu the ho'iisehp, had. furnished for him, ahd'senTYiim"'adii'ft ibnHberw6rld. "iVhat was he to do ? His creditors would'moFwaitland hC; .would he a (miserable paupexpj ,,.,-,B.ut .for" all this 'did not lose his house, apcl. l(is,poorYmcle's fp the bank in his uame,jthM% , to/the" timely aid pf , one; yy is. a friend to \ the drama as well aS'tdihe rest' of 'tfieworld, who advanced him the needfuL,Need-.we, say .-his. name. No; all know 'him 1 But \v, may/as',' well r it was tttxQ ohampion pf the d'mtreiMtf f .j //-V ' . " - DAVID HBNKY, of 52 Coli'ins street' east,' WTio has from -Mo to £IO,000'tbTend on notes of hand, bills ;.of sale (with. ' or-r withoubr security),' salary borders,' life policies, certificates, deeds, bill- of lading, legacies, goods, '"merchandise,>bn expected fefn'ittances, or 'on moneys per sons inay be entitled to'frb'm England and elsewhere, etc., repayablettoisuit the convenience of -boiTOwers.: Bills: discounted daily atithe lowest rate of - interest, and r mortgages :froiu 6 -per cent. - - : 