MUSIC AND DRAMA. Thb Blind of playgoers has bean somewhat exercised this week over Mr. Creswick's performance of Richard III* The Mtrald critic, who from the time of Mr. Creswick's first appearance at the Victoria Theatie landed him to the Bkks in everything he undertook, suddenly tamed round ?a his impersonation of Richard, and rated it in good set terns. 'When, however,' he observed, 'Mr. Creswick came to the tent scene, nothing could be much ?wm* than the way he treated the character of the affrighted Une. Unon nrevions occasions he has -venr close] v drawn the line of melodrama, but in this he dunked into down right rant, and the same thing may be eaid of several of his exits, which were thoroughly transpontine. The Eame afternoon the Echo came out with a lengthy commendatory notice from Mr. D. Buchanan, who assumes to himself apparently the rule of a critic, for reasons which, BO doubt, he considers satisfactory and convincing. Mr. : Buchanan is a gentleman who revels in the strongest epithets fee can find in the English language, whether for or against his client As he chose to laud Mr. Creswick on this occa sion he did so in what Fluellen calls 'prave 'ords' — in fact, he rather smothered his hero under a shower of super* latives. It is to be hoped that Mr. Creswick was gratified and grateful : but as nobody else cared much about the critic's opinion, one way or the other, no profound sensation was created. Thirdly came a letter in the Eerald, signed ' Amateur,' but evidently written by some one who knew what ho was writing about, pointing out divers obvious errors in the critical notice. To this no reply has been vouchsafed, so that the excellence of Mr. Creswick's impersonation so far as the Press has spoken is still a matter of conjecture. The truth probably rests as_ usual betvrem the two extremes. 80 far as the Torsion of the play is concerned, Oollpy Cibber*s was taken ; for, with the exception of Mr. Thelps at Badlers Wells (who kept to the Shakspewean text and made the play excessively heavy by so doing), Gibber's acting adaptation is always used. Mr. Creswick gave the conventional character of Bichard which has pre vailed from Garrick's day to our own. He, it is eaid, ranted. But where was the Richard who did not rant, and how is this conventional character to be sustained without a certain amount of rant ? Wo have yet to learn that Mr. Creswick overdid his acting ; according, that is, to tho school to which he belongs; and if he did, the same objection might by dieciplea of the modern school be applied — as it was not— to other characters he has impersonated. No. Shakspcare made Bichard an impossible monster, and by ' tomahawking' the text, Cibber tried to make the monster presentable. This may be rank heresy, but it is sot very Jar from the truth notwithstanding. Of the other actors there is not much to say. So far as we can judge,- they did fairly and on the whole well ; and if there is nothing to call forth marked approbation there is certainly nothing to deserve censure. Messrs. Jordan, Metcalfe, fiolton, and Forbes— the last gentleman, by the Way, has one of the best voices we have heard for some time — acted with great pains and helped a very heavy dialoguealong as well as they could be expected to do. Mr. Bartlett's rendering of the character of Henry VI. is left to the last from the fact of its being anything but the least. The chief lines he delivers in his interview with Bichard, then Earl of Gloucester, do not belong to the drama proper, as they are taken from the earlier play of *' Henry VI., of which that of ' Bichard III.' is a sequel. Mr. Bartlett was excellent in his clear delivery, and far more at home in the character than many others of the company who had more important parts to fill. Miss Colville (Mrs. Hoskins) is an actress well remem bered in Sydney, though it is several years since she paid us a visit. She has made Now Zealand her home for many seasons ; and her visit here has almost a freshness about it. To playgoers it was a great relief, on Saturday last, after a long digest of sensational plays, to see it announced that *' The School for Scandal ' was to be produced that evening at the Theatre Boyal. There is an excellent company at this theatre, and its value is juit now much enhanced by the acquisition of Miss Colville to its ranks. She has made use other opportunities by travelling extensively, collecting by the way additional artistic charms, yet preserving her own unalloyed until she returns to the race she sprang from and appears amongst U6 again with unabated vigourand fresh ness. ; Her presence at our theatres has always been considered graceful, but as Lady Teazle, on Saturday, she was more — she was natural—and played the part without an effort. There was no Btaginess in her movements, no studying for effect. She entered upon the stage without flourish or in troduction, and made each masterstroke appear the result «t accident rather than premeditation. In the matter of dress she was at a disadvantage. The materials she used were rich, but the colours— pink end white— were an insufficient contrast The result wbb, that although every utterance she made was attentively listened to and eagerly waited for, her appearance in the midst of the array of brilliant costumes surrounding her did not particu larly engage the eye. The first act, during which so much is said that would make a Puritan wince, was played as delicately, as possible. Approbation at the palpable *' hits,' however, must have been mental rather than «ttwardly expressed, for the applause up to this point was not widespread or loud. Miss Oliver made a very en gaging, if too youthful-looking, Lady Sneerweli. She affected the favourite stage colours — blue and pink, judi ciously intermingled. These were extremely attractive under the gaslight After the first octhad terminated, Lady Teazle was introduced. She was an agreeable creature on the whole, with nothing shrewish or vixenish in her traits. She appeared weakmisded enough to give ear to flattery ; but notwithstanding this and the distaste aha apparently enter tained towards her husband during their early married life, Bhe had sufficient moral courage not to endanger his honour, while fche turned with unqualified aversion from her would-be lover the inBtant his intentions were revealed and ' hie hypocritical sentiments exposed. Her quarrel with Sir Peter Teazle was too formal. As a role, ' mail' and wife do not deliberately nit down on adjoining chairs purposely to disagree. The fault was not Miss ColviUe*s. Her intelligence, ~ however, should in future -Hrect that the little family episode should be incidental to the proceedings, and not allowed to appear so much the rasult of predetermination on the part of both parries. One thing Miss Colville was responsible for. It was 6impjy a matter of taste. During the celebrated screen scene MUs Colville made Lady Teazle,. on being discovered in Joseph Surface's library, shrink with averted face from the gaee ef those around W. As a rule, Lady Tea de, at such a juncture, ought 4o face her friends and the audience, as the incident reveal ing her whereabouts gives talented actresses an opportunity, fora facial expression of dismay very infrequently offered. These are the only points in which exception can in the present instance be taken in the presentation of ' The School for Scandal.' In all others in which Miss Colvillo became interested, she was within a few degrees of per fection, and the applause which from a well-filled house greeted her delivety and movements was honestly and fairly earned. A word for the other characters. The most imposing, as regards appearance, was Charles Surface, represented by Mr. Chaplin, and dressed on a scale of magnificence almost unexampled here. This, as Veil as the impersonations of Sir Peter Teazle, by-Mr. J. J. Welsh, and of Sir Oliver, by Mr. J. P. West, evidently resulted from much and careful consideration and gave general satisfaction. As regards the remaining artiste, the absence of mechanical movement amongst them, and an evidence of entering upon ' their duties eon amove, made the evening pass agreeably and instructively. Since this the ' Serious .Family ' has been produced, but we most defer a notice of it for toe present. There u no falling off in the popularity of ' Our Boys ' &t; the Queen's Theatre. People who see it once have a desire to witness a second performance, and to all appear ance there is no necessity for .taking it off the boards. The weak point during the first fortnight was Mr. ?C. Holloway's idea of Charles Middlewick ; but., as he has now resigned this to Mr. G. Melville, the cast is strengthened. An ominous , notice appears in the bills, that ' East Lynne ' is in pre , taxation. It may be hoped that this is just a threat. If the ciemal drama iB to be reproduced — quod Bcut bene evcrtat — we trust it may be only in a comic version. Playgoers' feel ings are not agricultural selections, to be perpetually har rowed np by the woes.of Lady Isabel and Madame Vine. Let us stick to 'Our Boys.' Mr. D'Arcy Read's Ghost is growing in favour. We are glad of this, for, as an illusion, it is good in itself, and is cleverly worked out The only thing which militates against crowded houses is that the entertainment is given in the Guild Hall, which is too far out of the way of ordinarv pleasure- seekers. They seldom go further south than the School of Arts. Mr. Defries appeared on Wednesday evening at the Theatre Boyal, in the character of Hamlet. The fact of the entertainment being to a great extent a complimentary one, and Mr. Defries himself being virtually an amateur as he is not connected with the profession, renders any notice of his performance necessarily limited. It is to be regretted perhaps that the rule as regards amateurs has to be observed in this case, as Mr. Defries' Hamlet is one of the very best we have ever had in this city. It may have been the study of half a lifetime, and careful study may have occasionally made the rendering a little stiff; but, nevertheless, it is throughout a faithful rendering of the part, and in several respects, especially in the reading of the soliloquies, one of superlative merit. The audience were taken considerably by surprise, and if any came to scoff at amateur talent they joined heartily in a swell -deserved burst of applause. Mr. Defries was well supported bv the company of the theatre, Miss Anstead being an excellent Ophelia. In musical circles we regret to have again nothing of importance to report. There are some preparations for Easter concerts, and amongst them mention is made of a performance of Mendelssohn's ' Antigone,' but we have no certain intelligence. There have been several miscel laneous entertainments of the religious and charitable kind ; but nothing calling for special notice. Miss Carrie Emanucl, who left here on a professional tour with Signor Ortendini some time ago, has lately appeared in Batavia, and though there is no dearth of musical talent in the place, the viators had great difficulty to face in con sequence of professional jealousy. The concerts seem, from the Dutch papers, to have been an unqualified success, and Mies Emanuel's rendering of ' Sing, Sweet Bird, is especially alluded to. She proposed visiting China and India after fulfilling her engagements in Batavia. 