Reviews. MR. HENRY M. STANLEY'S NOTES TO HIS SKETCHES. (From the Special Number of The Illustrated London News. J HAULING CANOES TP INK1SI FALLS. From a list of seventy-four falls, cataracts, and rapids which we had to encounter in our long descent of the Livingstone to the Western Ocean it may well be imagined that some were of such a nature that they required great study to discover the means to pass them, while others, again, compelled us to adopt the only plan left—that of undergoing the enormous labor of hauling the canoes up the mountains. One of the latter was Inkisi Falls. Inviting my friendly natives to my aid, we buckled on to the two largest canoes, while the weaker Wan guana cut a road through the forest that covered the slope. At this particular part the mountains rose in a terrace, with a steep face, 300 feet high, and then ascended, by a more gradual slope, 1200 feet to tbe summit of the table-land. Before we could be said to pass the fall we had to drag our canoes up to the summit of the table- land, 1500 feet above the river, then over the table land, a distance of three miles, and down again to the river, with a descent of 1500 feet. THE TOSS UP. " Ah, my friend Frank! Do you realise the full import of the decision I have to make to-night ?" I said to Francis Pocock, as he came in to spend an evening with meatNyangwe. " Do you think that to explore and penetrate this mystic unknown, with its cannabalism and ferocity and dread dangers, is an easy work ? If it were easy, why do not these Arabs, with their large force of slaves, push through and reap that immense harvest of ivory which is rotting in the wilds ? If it were easy, why did not Livingstone, with his sublime contempt for death and ardent wish to complete-his work, brave the unknown ? Why did not Cameroneager, young, and gailaut, with his prospects of promotion, reward, and welcome, and free applause of the savants before hini—attempt it with his equipped force of forty-seven Sniders P It is a serious question, my friend. To tell the truth, Ifunwfre ft togiatii but if you ew suggest a strong reason to explore other and less dangerous paths I should like to hear it." "Toss up, sir," said he. . " Heads for the river, and tails for Katanga and the South." " Try it, and let us see what this rupee will make of it." The rupee was tossed three times, and each time " tails" turned upward. " Tut, Frank, you did not toss up right, my son. Let me try." The first two out of three again; but I did not like it at all, and consigned the rupee into the chest, as a false conjuror. We then tried straws—the short straws for the South, the long straws for the River Lualaba—and again we were disappointed, for Frank persisted in drawing out the short straws, and in leaving the long straws in my hands. We fell to discussing the chances of success, and worked ourselves into a passionate desire before midnight for following the river by laud first, until we should reach some tribes which could be induced to sell us some canoes, and then to float down the river, as we imagined then, by forest and town, without exertion or trouble. But how different was the reality to those poetical conceptions imagination had kindled and our own ardor had conjured up ! M'SEHAZY RIVEli AND HARBOlt. I spent two days at this place in company with Livingstone in 1871, and when revisiting it in 1876 it had an iuterest for me of which I could not divest it. I could point out every placc where I had sat, and talked, and wandered with him. While times had changed, and some men had aged, and friends had died, back again on the shores of the sluggish stream I found myself tliinking of the good old man whose words were wisdom and in whose soul there was no guile. A sad stream to me: its trees are sad, its shores are dull; its trees partake of the melancholy of the place : its hills are peopled with ghosts or muzimus, and there was neither man nor animal cheerful about it. The spirit Kabogo's dwelling-place is close by, on the summit of the cliffy verge overlooking the soundless waters of the Great Lake. About twenty miles to the south are some banditti, who are always believed to be lurking not very far from the dismal haven, to attack the unwary merchant before he sets out across the lake for the broad lands westward. The river is infested with great crocodiles, fat with the massacre of fish; and now and then a bull hippopotamus wakes the echoes of the hill-circled haven, and startles the nerves of the superstitious canoemen. This harbor is the nearest to Kabogo Point, whence, after waiting for a storm to subside, we sailed across Lake Tanganika to the western shores of the lake, to resume our explorations, which ended only at the mouth of the Livingstone, on the Atlantic Ocean. EISUNA WATERFALL, LAKE TANGANIKA. The shores of Lake Tanganika present much that is bold, majestic, and sublime in natural scenery. Waterfalls are numerous, tumbling down sheer descents of rock into the lake itself, or into deep woody gorges. This was the first waterfall that arrested my attention as I began that long exploration of the coast in 1876, from Ujiji, round to the south end, and up northward along the western shores, until its circumnavigation was completed. The Kisuna is a small stream of Ukawendi; and a smallnarrow inlet of the lake, like a river, brings you to whence it may be seen falling from a height of 900 feet into a cleft which nourishes a wonderful variety of tropical vegetation. The mouth of the gorge is choked with tall, straight, silver-stemmed mvule; and the spaces between each tree is crowded with canereeds and green-leaved brushwood. The vicinity is quite deserted ; and, if one has an eye for natural beauties, the lengthy line of water, white as floss silk, losing itself amid the depths of the green wooded gorge, the steep, precipitous mountain walls, which almost hem in this deep gap, in a camp like the one we occupied here, he may admire it at his leisure and impress its beauties on his mind, to describe it to his friends at home when distance will paint it still more attractively. ONE FOOT IN THE GRAVE. A sketch represents a man named Zaidi, an old favorite of mine, who was a youth when he followed me to the discovery of Livingstone in 1871—in a serious position. He has been over-bold; and because Uledi, the skilful coxswain of the Lady Alice, has been able to take canoes down to camp along a bad bit of river, he felt inclined to try his hand, and win some of the warm praises I frequently bestowed on Uledi. Three of his companions in the canoe—now a wreck, and his support in the perilous situation he finds himself—swam ashore; but, losing his presence of mind, he clung to his canoe until it struck the rock amid- ships and sank at its base. One half of the canoe tilted up; the lower end became jammed below among broken rooks; the upper end as it came to the surface enabled him to secure firm footing and to reflect in a melancholy mood upon his providential escape, and to contemplate with slow-growing horror the almost utter impossibility of rescue. Before night, after several hours' hard labor and repeated efforts, he was saved by a canoe, two men, Uledi and his younger brother, and two stout cables. It was not until the evening of next d<y, however, that we were able to congratulate the three, upon their marvellous escape from the cataracts. ARSIS ASD ARTS OF AFRICA. . In a sketch are represented a few of the weapons of the dark races of Africa from the Wakerewe, on Lake Victoria, to the Wenya, on mighty Livingstone River; also the great drums which sounded the call to war of the cannibals along nearly 500 miles of 'the banks of the Livingstone. A VILLAGE IN EAST MANYEHA. I feare a particular fondness for Man- yema. The village life is so absurdly simple, so extremely unsophisticated. Perhaps I have a partiality for it because Livingstone suffered so much in this region, and because during his long illness here the natives did their poor utmost for his comfort, and perhaps because I know they are being tramjiled upon by the hard-hearted Arab traders, who have wormed themselves into their confidence, and are destroying them from the face of the earth. Yet, despite the bitter knowledge they have gained of the duplicity of the strangers, despite the frequent mockeries they have exposed themselves to, the sight of a caravan is sure to send one-half of the young men to bed thinking and dreaming of the far-off lands where all the fine things they bring come from, and to cause them to finally offer themselves as porters, the end of which trustfulness is in many cases their sale to another stranger, who will chain, and beat, and perhaps work them to de=.tli. Life outside his own neat village and palmy gro>e — happy, innocent, idyllic life—is so harsh that he soon wonders why he left it. Why would he leave the bosky groves, the sweet, free glades and luxuriant vuleys of his native land ? How came lie to prefer the protracted journey, the uitter daily task of the por ter, the dure life of the caravan, to his palm groves, with their yellow oil and sweet wine, to the plantain plantations, with their clusters of mellow fruit, to the abundance of edible roots his gardens produced, to the' ease, the gaiety, and comfort of his free home P Ah ! How Y Sitting in the door of my hut and regarding the village life in East Manyema, I have often been struck with the truth of the adage that " Ignorance is bliss." Here is the pompous old king, stalking about as though he owned the whole Dark Continent, whereas his sovereignty over one hundred acres is but precarious. As ignorant as the long-bodied goat which stares so wonderly at my donkey, he will glide through life without a shock to his nerves, and in the full belief that he is the proudest monarch that ever reared his leather crest sunwards. " Like king, like people." The grown males of the village, filled with wine and plantain, possessors of wives and children and goats, with snug houses, care for nothing except the hour they are accustomed to gossip with the king, their hours of food and sleep, and the arrival of a caravan. Beyond that, the old antiquities, Europe aud Asia, may batter themselves, aud knock their belligerent aiid uneasy heads to pieces for all they care ; neither is the life the women lead dull or dreary ; they have to sow the glebe and plant the generous plantain, to gather the fuel and cook the meal, in peaceful unconcern of all evil outside their own happy, careless village. THE GREAT BATTLE OF ARUWI31I RIVER. There are enormous trees on the Livingstone River, more especially under the equator, and out of these trees the natives of the cannibal lands cut out, with infinite labor and patience, their war and trade canoes. The war canoes are generally made of the teak wood, and they vary in size from 50 feet long to 90, carved out of a single tree. The beam is in proportion : one of 50 feet long would have from 2 feet 2 inches beam to feet; that of 90 feet would be between 4 and 5 feet wide. As may be imagined, one of the latter size would carry a very large force of warriors. 