ODE. TO AN?iUNRIPEa FRUIT.. The era of "Mf'Oulloohism's" past, . Protection drives Free Trade with hoots away, Struggles with voters quieted at last, , . Let Peace assumo uninterrupted away. Yet they are not content, this mob, nd faoot They rido their voloes, and like ases bray; They plant a tree'it blossoms--they are merry, But expecting fruit, they only get a BezRY. What with scholastio rights to flog a truant Or recalcitrant schoolboy, rude or cheeky; What with proroguing Parliament pursuant To schemes to make the fI.L.O.quito menek, he Has raised a ghost with oratory fluent, That turns out anything but polo and streaky. You've gained your point-you've taxed the squatters' land. - But sacking high oficals will not stand. Those priests!of'Isiswho have'aisaed her skirt Maly babble forth of things till now unknown ; Their tradesmen clamarous for each,owed-for Sshirt, May raise some blasts that better were And magisterial powers o'er thrown with STURT, May prove the BdnrY to e far o'or grown; Mnd-,while to take dismissanl they deolipe, , May calmly force you Berry, to resign. Tlu brohua ge m ohineryof tate YWants constant oiling to be kept in motion ; But when the works run dry, the rust will And.cogwhcels all refuse to do their portion ., Alna I it seems that "grease" issoarce of late,: Or pahyli inembere is an awlul notiohn; ?dr ao tiM eI.L.O.'a to "part" refuse,' . STe high oflloial swells are found no use... Oh, Berry I f the !' sugar", just were andy, What needful offices" would fill the land I WVith glad rojolaings o'er their " S. and brandy" WVould all the Molbourno clubitee do the i <grand. :. ._. .u Tore to the people, man I they understand ye I Perhaps iheiy'll find the coin on every hood; They know you well; they love you they respect you Except some ruined tramdsmen,'who suspect '. you.t _ ... .. Takocaro I your high-blown pride like Woley's I bladder, May burst, ant leave you in a nasty fix; Now you have reached the last rung of the ladder That you have been ascending, mind your trickes,1.-r ,. . . . Or you'll become: a wiser man d saddor, -a !And learn tubuo mort cauti.us-on hot'bricks. Oft to acomplish good one maust do evil, 'And saints have held a candle to the' devil, 'Tie but a weak Tasmanian voice you hear, But draw your horns inmy .Victorian Ibull; Your tether's rather long but still I fear If you'gourther you will feel the pull 'I And friends who came to praise may stay to When with your vagarics their pates are full. And just before you're blooming-near, your Th primep:hke and drop' ' r The tree may 'slake and drop' you ere your' , tlcue,' I'"i-r 