Miscellaneous Items. 1 THE RIVOLI BAY RAILWAY.—Border Watch says " Some five miles of rails have been laid on the railway line from Milicent towards Rivoli Bay, and our correspondent gives some details elswhere of a trip along this section given on Monday last by the contractors. It is expected that the whole of the line from Milicent to the Bay will be ready for use in January next; that to Mount Gambier will take some months longer." UNSUCCESSFUL COLONIST.—We have received Part V. of this publication. This part treats of interesting incidents in voyages to China. India, and elsewhere, and, as far as it goes, seems to describe the pleasurable experiences of a successful traveller in those distant lands, rather than the disappointed career of an " unsuccessful colonist" here- This, however, does not diminish the interest of the work. The Jfofder Watch gives the following account of an ^egbchdeath from a spider bite " OK Thursday afternoon, a child About three months old, daughter of Mr. Jas. Lynch, residing in Claraville. died from the lute of a black spider. _ The parent* first noticed that the child was bitten, on the side of one of its feet, on Sunday week; but the injury looked like a gathering, and was treated as such. After two or three days as it got worse, Dr. Jackson was called in, and at once pronounced the swelling the result of a spider bite. It was hoped that with careful treatment the child would recover, but the swelling gradually extended over the greater part of the dody, and erysipelas setting in, death resulted on Tuesday afternoon. This is the second case of spider bite that Dr. Jackson has had to attend in this locality. The first occurred some years ago at Yahl Paddock, the patient being also a child; but after several days of doubt. it recovered. The black spiders, which are dangerous brutes, _are rathernumerousin this district during the wanner months of the year, and it behoves people to be careful of them." COMPOSITE PORTRAITS.—Mr. Francis Galton, .R.S., has discovered how to take "composite ortraits " by photography, so as to-produce, not a likeness of each of several photographs, but fair average of all. He fixes the photographs to be operated upon, face to back, like a pack of cards, upon a pin, so that the eyes of all are as nearly as possible so placed that if a s pin were pushed through the right or the left eye of the portrait in front, it would go through the right or left eyesof all thfe portraits. Then, everything being ready, the cap of the camera is removed for, say ten seconds, instead of the usual 80 or so, and then replaced. No, 1; portrait - is then removed from the pin, and the cap of the camera is again removed for ten seconds, during which the second portrait is thrown upon the' same part of the sensitized paper which bears the unfinished likeness of No. 1, ond so on to No. 8. The result being, as stated, not a likeness of any one of the portraits in particular, but a compound of alL A sort of family group seen ii» one face. It is said that by putting two photographs into a stereoscope, so that their features coincide, the effect produced will be a composite portrait of both. PUB HISTORIC REMAINS.—Some considerable ime ago at Brookside, a hollow gumtree branch t ell from a height of about 50 feet. When it was ct eing cut up, something within it obstructed the aw. On cutting the oranch through, a waistoat was found inside, where it could not have een placed by human hands. In one of the pockets there were some old gun caps, but nohing else to indicate either the person, or the jeriod, to which it belonged, or to explain how t had been placed where it was found. The tree was apparently centuries old, The other daj a tree was cut down near the same place. From a hollow branch a native squirrel, and a number of young ones made their escape "with just what they stood jiip in." " Their nest, which ad been very "high, was found to contain, amongst other things, a pair of black silk gloves; and a number of newspapers, more or less "chipped." The nameB of most of them had been trimmed off^ but somehow or other the Advertiser had been treated with more rospect; so that possibly the waistcoat above referred to may not have been a prehistoric waistcoat after alL It may have belonged to some nervous old squirrel, which, when the branch fell, ran off in his night shiit and pants. It is almost a pity that this solution suggests itself. It spoils the inakingB of a good scientific wonder. A case of attempted highway robbery occured at Boort on August 12 (says the Bendigo Advertiter). As Richard Smith was going from Boort township towards his hut at Minindie, he was accosted by a stout young man, who asked him gome trivial question, and immediately laid hold of him. Smith dropped a. bag he had in his hand, containing some provisions, and struck the fellow a severe blow in the face. The scuffle <k»ntin(ied, and Smith was getting the best of it, when another man put In his appearance and caught him by the collar of his coat, saying he would " soon put the crooked M'Guinness on him." Smith's coat was torn down the back, and the man then attempted to stab him with a penknife, and succeeded in cutting him in the region of the heart in three or four different places, but only skin deep, and Smith struggled manfully with his two opponents. He at last caught hold of the knife, but in doing so he got his hand very much cut. Eventually he got from them both, and thinking discretion the better part of valor he picked up his bag and ran for it. Trooper Armstrong being in the neighbourhood was informed of the occurrence, and he started in pursuit; the horse became restive, however, and ran against the top of a fallen tree throwing Armstrong heavily and injuring his back. Nothing daunted, however, he mounted again, and succeeded in capturing the would-be robbers. LOST IN THE "BUSH.—South Eastern Star says" On the'afternoon of Thursday the 22nd instant Mrs., McLean, who resides near the Punt, went in search of a cow which had calved, in order to bring both home. Owing to the cow having "planted" the calf she had some little ifficulty in finding it, and in doing so die t ecame confused and forgot her road home cbocwhhvgtctiae gain. After wandering about for some time rs. McLean took up her quarters for the ight under the shelter of a large log, and those ho remember what the-weather was during the day and evening will regard it as no enviable place. In the morning she made another attempt to find her way. She wiandered about all day, and towards dusk came upon the River Glenelg, following its course all night. In the meantime search parties had been organised by the neighbors, and on the second morning after her disappearance Mr. McKenzie. and Mr. A. Morrison, who were looking for her, came upon Mrs. McLean. They had started up the river between three and four o'clock in the morning and had travelled about five miles when they found the object of their search/ t The poor lady, who was much exhausted in consequence of fatigue, long fasting, and anxiety, states that she heard the cracking of whips by one of the search parties but failed to make, them hear, and this distressed her greatly. We &re; happy to lie able to add that she is now none the worse for her two nights in the bush, notwithstanding that she had neither food, fire nor blankets. - Perhaps it may be as . well to add in explanation of how the good' woman stood the exposure Sd Well, that she possesses a strong constitution and hfiils from the highlands of Scotland." DISTURBING THE GRAVE. —Making a sober man.laugh. REVENGE.—When the Khedive of Egypthas a grudge against a man he marries his daughter. THE latest song outisentitled "The Gas BilL" It is sung long metre. WHEN the landlady discovered that her lodgers were dropping oif, the burden of her song became "Nothing but leaves." THE sea may be assailed with such epithets as greedy, furious, mad, wild, raging, and so forth but it can never be called reckless. MOST kinds of roots and barks are used as medicines except the cube and square roots and the bark of a dog. A BASER has invented a new kind of yeast that makes his bread so light that a pound loaf weighs only twelve ounces. MB. P. sent his two boys to a friend's until the peril of an impending earthquake should be past. In a few days he received this letter: " Please take your boys home, and Bend down the earthquake." IN REQUEST.—" I didn't know," said an old lady, as she laid down her newspaper, "that thieves were so scarce that they had to advertise for 'em, and offer a reward for their discouery." TEASER, r-Someone was^ talking to John Leech of "Frank' "Matthews, and said, " Yon. know Frank—not Charles—-the one with the moBt t's ? f * Most lease ?" answered Leech; most brandiesand-waterj you mean !" A HOPELESS CASE—Doctor—I tell you what it is, MM. Jenkins, I can do nothing ^for that ha*- band of yours till he signs ihe pledge! Mrs. J— Lor sir! 'E done that a fortnight ago, sir, an* e's Inn wusever«ince J ^ PROMPTITUDE. —A Chicago paper says— " Within five minutes after the alarm of fire was given our reporter was on the ground." A rival Mr observes—" We hate little doubt of it, if gave the slightest provocation to the foreman of the engine company." THE GENTEEL THING.—Bridget:—"Wot's he most genteel thing for a lady, as is a lady, to arry in the street, Nora? Cook:—"Sure, hin, some prefers a three- volume book, but prefers a roll of mode—quite ^careless and aisy Hke." HE CAN NOT ONLY RECOMMEND, BUT HE MILK—EXHIBIT CAN HIM !—The following curious advertisement appears in a provincial newspaper: —" The Rev. can recommend a young woman of about 27 years of age, of excellent character and behaviour, as parlour-maid; also can milk a cow or two." A DISASTROUS GHOST INVESTIGATION.—A man sa w a ghost while walking along a lonely high way at midnight. The ghost stood exactly in the middle of the f road, and the wayfarer, deciding to investigate, poked at it with his umbrella. The next instant he was knocked twenty feet into a.-mud-hole. Moral—Never poke an umbrella at a faurge white mule when its back is turned. CURIOSITY.—In this delicate manner does the "..Slew. York -Times". relate the?;catastrophy which befel Mr. Josiah Brown, of Clinton, through indulgence of his besetting sin of restless curiosity:—Mr. Brown, in company with his wife, visited Chicago for the first time just prior to last Christmas. Of the ways and customs of the city he was profoundly ignorant, but this was a source of pleasure to him, inasmuch as it opened new fields for the indulgence of his favorite passion. The shops especially filled him with wonder. The adsence of the familiar stove, of the convenient and wellwhittled wooden chairs, and of the accessible bin of crackers—features which constitute the very life of a country store—surprised him, and in their place he found strange furnace-registers and rotatory, stools, upon which no man could talk politics in any comfort. The "dummies" used by dealers in ladies' dress goods for the display of their patterns struck him with awe and amaze ment, and it was some time before he would be' lieve that they were not living ladies of extreme spinal rigidity. To be exact as to dates, it was on the 23rd of December that Mr. Brown accompanied his wife to one of the principal Chicago shops for the sale of millinery. The place was crowded with busy purchasers of the shopping sex, and there was hardly room enough for the elaborately dressed and life-like " dummies" which were placed near the door. Hie composition of these dummies was a subject of absorbing interest to Mr. Brown, and he felt that he could not return home unless he had fully investigated the matter. Outwardly they were obviously composed of clothes, but what was the skeleton or core which the clothing surrounded 1 To satisfy his coriosity was very easy.. All that he had to do was to carefully, lift up the hem of "dummy's!" garment and the mystery would be solved. It was in order to make this experiment that he approached one of the most imposing " dummies," taking care not to attract too much attention. Mr. Brown lias since said, during d T i o n sob c tfv f g p he period of his painful convalescence, that the lerk who leaped oyer tiie counter and cruelly eat him was too hasty, and that the policeman ught to have listened to his explanation. He heerfully concedes that, in the circumstances, it as, perhaps, natural that the lady should pull is hair, and,pound him with her }»aragol, but e insists that a little reflection woldd hive coninced her that he mgant no harm. As for the eneral chorus of Chicago people "which stigmaised his explanation as "too thin," and prolaimed, thatto pretend that anyman could misake a Chicago lady for a dummy was a brutal nsult, Mr. Brown feelslthat it was unreason in g nd outrageous. Since that even£ful day, howver, he has earnestly tried to repress the promptings of curiosity, said his more sanguine friends think that he .is, content to let the quesion of the composition : of "dommie&" remain ; forever a mystery. 