JOSHUA HAGGARD. CHAPTER xr. " WE ARE IN* LOVE'S LAKD TO-DaV." BT THE AUTHOR OP "LADT AUDITS SECRET," " ACRQBA FLOYD," &C.;, &C.; A sleepless night sbed the Bober light of reason upon those ckiuds of sentiment which had obscured Miss Priscilla Welding's mind. " When all Ls done," said Reason, " you know hut too well that you had no hope of having Joshua for a husband, suitable as might have been .such an uiiion, biassed ea you might have inaile his days by your chf-rishing and ministration. You know yourself a creature especially adapted to be a Methodic minister's wife; but his eyes have been blinded to that fact : he could not pierce the modest veil in which maiden-hood enfolded you, and discern the uiiage of the perfect wife behind it. Hie mind —too much given to spiritual things to be acute upon earthly matters—lias been caught by the surface beauty of a foolish child. It is for you to pity rather thau resent an error for which ho will doubtless pay dearly when he lies down in damp sheets, or drinks tea made with half-boilod water, or eats potatoes as hard as stones, and suffers in various other ways from the mistakes of an inexperienced housekeeper; to say nothing of the likelihood that BO young a wife uiny bo dressy and flighty, and given to Btanding at her door of afternoons gossiping, to the noglcct ol the housework." Thup counselled by Reason, Pnscilla assisted at the seven-o'clock breakfast with a tranquil demeanour, aiid even smiled upon Joshua with an assumed cheerfulness, which had somo element of (ho boroic. " I hope you do not think my choioc foolish or blameworthy," said Joshua, as Doborah helped him to fried potatoes and bacon. 11 Indeed, dear Hr. Haggard, marriage is such asorious consideration—and a second marriage, where there arc grown-up children, mora particularly—that I don't foel qualified to form an opinion. Cynthia ^a^ood giri; t& girls go; that I should ho Bprty to deny,; after the way ASP / yOPOKftA Ae mused me through n>v qoin£T l«t winter Bat there's a wide difference between a servantpil and a minister's wife, and a great deal will be expected of her in that ^uon. "I am not afraid," said Joshua," if I can but tcike her happy. In the innocence of her heart she has giren me her love. God give me grace to keep-and strengthen that affection in the davs to come!" 4 r , , « She has eo modi reason to be grateful to roti." began Priscflk. " " I am not talking ofgratitnde," lntampted Joshua, almost angrily. " She has given me her love. I know not why I am so blessed; but I know that she loves me. It is the rich reward of all mv days of care and tod. I have not felt my labor heavy. I have no foolish pride in mv work; but the sum of it ha*, prAaps, been pleasing iu the sight of Heaven, r and this reward has bec-n granted to me—love and renewed youth, a life that seems beginning again from the starting-point of twenty years. I fed as young as on the day I first praich-xi in Penmoyle—before there was a chapel hen; —on the bit of green waste at the opening of the lane that leads to Pamble's farni." "That was four-and- twentyyears ago." said Deborah ; " for it wis the very year father died, and rister and I walked through the Instv lanes in our new mourning to hear you." This to Deborah's mimd, was almost equal in self-sacrifice to walking over red-hot ploughshares. " It was before we opened the school," said Priscilla, " and when folks were recommending us to take situations as housekeepers, instead of profiting by our education." •• I feel as young as I felt that day—fourand-twenty years ago," exclaimed Joshua, triumphantly. This was an intoxication of the mind which seemed to the Misses Webling fraught with peril. It was a positive duty to say something depressing. Ah," sighed Priscilla, " if poor Mrs. Haggard could have looked forward to this during her long illness, she would have felt it trying. It's a blessing that we're not permitted to see into the future." " I am not going to act hastily," said Joshua, ignoring this dismal suggestion. " I thought it my duty to tell you my intentions without delay; but I shall tell no oue else yet anhiie, not even my son and daughter. I shall leave Cynthia with you for some time longer. She shall have time for reflection—many peaceful days in which to consider the promise she has made me. If any change should come to her mind, if she should discover that 6he has been mistaken iu her feelings towards me, I shall be ready to set her free. It will need but a word from her to loosen the bond between us. I shall tell her this before we part. If she hold steadfast to her promise of last night, I shall come back to fetch her before this year is ended. Meanwhile I know that you will be kind to her, and that she will be happy with you." " We have always tried to do our duty by her," returned Deborah rather stiffly. She could not quite forgive Mr. Haggard for his absurd choice, when the superior mind of her sister had been lying open before him for these last twenty years like a wise and valuable hook, and he had not had the sense to read it. " I'm afraid she'll be puffedup by the change in her prospects," suggested Priscilla, " and nut so obedient and dutiful as she lias been. Wc can hardly expect it of her under the circumstances." " I do not think you will find any difference," said Joshua. " She is sincerely grateful to you for your goodness to her." " Yes; but in our case her gratitude does not turn into love," retorted Priscilla, sharply. Cynthia brought in the tea- kettle to make the tea, and took it out again to be kept on the boil on the kitchen-hob with a meekness which seemed to give the lie to her mistresses doubts; and presently, when Joshua had finished his breakfast and wont out to the kitchen to bid his newly-betrothed good-bye, he found her scrubbing the deal table with vigorous industry, which had brought a vivid pink to the fair young facc. She put down the scrubbing-brush, and he took her in his arms and kissed her—with a kiss which was fatherly in its protecting gontleness, lover- like in its suppressed passion. " Dearest love," ho said, softly, holding hor in his embraco all the while, and looking down at her with tender scrioumess, " I am going to leave you for a few months, I am goiug away, dear, BO that you may look into your heart and be very euro the love you talked of last night is ml, aud not a childish fancy which may molt away like the memory of a dream when we awake. In our sleep we wander in a beautiful garden, and clasp the hand of a friend—loved and dead, perhaps, long ago; and in the morning we awake, and there is nothing loft of our dream—hardly a mompry., Your love for toe may be like that CyhtW' , V I " No, no," she answered, eagerly, looking np into his »o,T ft Js jreal, like yow goodness, like your wisdom." "I an oJd enough to be yoar father, Cynthia. I have a daughter older than you." " What has that to do wit&itl; I4id not think about your age when I began to love you." "When did yoa begin to do that sweet one!" «When yon went away lrom i here libU that there was something gone out of my life, and I knew that I liked you very much. Bat perhaps I might nevfer have known that I loved you if " if She stopped, blushing deeply, and trifling with the lappel of his coat. "If what, dearest!" " I don't like to tell you; it is eo foolish." " Please tell me, dear." " Young Mr. Price, at the Rising Son, wanted to be my sweetheart He nod to wait for me coming out of chapel of an evening, and follow me across the street, and stop me at the garden-gate talking to me. And when he talked about loving me and wanting to marry me, I hated him dreadfully; and then I knew that I loved yon." "And I hope you made Mr. Price quite understand that you didn't caie for him t" " 0 yes; I told him so very plainly, and he was rather offended, and Miss Priscilla said I was very foolish to refuse so good an offer. But you've no idea how I hated him when he talked about being fond of me." " God bless you, darling, and good-bye till I come back to fetch my young wife, or till you write me one little line to say you have changed your mind." "I shall never write that," replied Gynthia, with conviction. And with these words they kissed once more and parted, Joshoa setting out on his homeward journey with the light heart of youth, weaving visions of this happy future as he walked in the briar-scented lanes, painting pictures of that familiar home which was aoon to be beautified by Cynthia's sweet presence. It seemed to him that he had never known what beauty and grace in woman meant before he found that wanderer on the sunburnt common—before he looked down on those loose locks of palest gold, and saw the white feet gleaming under dark, water, the delicate figure half-sitting, half-reclining on the grassy hillock, with the listless grace of reposo. He speculated how he could make the old home a little brighter for it's new mistress. That dingy carpet in the common parlor must be exchanged for a new one. He would buy a harpsichord or one of those new pianos people talked about, and Cynthia could learn to play hymn-tones. He would have a gig or a four-wheeled chaise, to drive his wife in, instead of the tax-cart When Jim got steadier and married—events which ought to happen within the next half- dpzen years— Joshua told himself that he might retire from the grocery business altogether, and devote himself exclusively to the chapeL There was a cottage on the slope of the hill at the tipper end of Combhaven which he fancied would be a charming home for himself aud his young wife—a romantic cottage, with a garden in which some ambitious tenant had made a fountain. It seemed to the lover's fancy that this cottage, with its fountain and weepingash, was better adapted as i background to his picture of Cynthia than the substantial commonplace old house opposite the First and Last. Yet it would go against him to leave the old house. His father and mother had lived and died there. It was his first idea of home. No; if Cynthia were satisfied, he would tUy there. And that cottage with the fountain was probably damp. Picturesqueness and rheumatism often go together. And Judith t How would that iightwaisted, tight-lipped damsel get on with a lovely young wife ? Judith must be taught to bridle that sharp tongue of here, to put the curb on her quick temper. There must be too biting blasts to wither his tender flowor. " I sliall make Judith understand St once and for ever that she must be kind and gentle to my wife," thought Joshua. "She lias always respected and obeyed me—I am bound to remember that." He was iu no hurry to tell Judith, or oven his faithful Naomi, of the change which had come upon his life—that startling and wondrous change which had made him a new , man. It would be time enough when lie. i his young wife homo. No one had any right to question his choice or to doubt his wisdota. He felt somowhat embarrassed, notwithstanding theso argumeute, when Naomi questioned him, with a dutiful interest in all his doings, about the girl he had-foundon; bprmgfield Common. " Has she been well- behaved, fathor t Has she learned to " Ye \ m y dear. She has made wonderful; progress." • • • : "And is she as "pretty as when jyou'fe.f * * w i t h her feet in the water, and w 0y had P ictuw a the hoeneV tier fethers dark face looking down at the fefc" , . , wflnderer; the thymy hillocks and jSSnSSrW wild ^ ^ e r the blue ^J/l think she iB even prettier." « What ft sweet little thing, sho must be! TcJuldso like to eeo her I If Sally w«re to J married now, we might have Cyathia for a g michtn'twe, father S6 r « There s not much chance of that, Naomi." «0f Sally's marrying t I'm not sure of that," replied Naomi. «I know she ha <&4hts of it." , T . You shall see Cynthia someday, Naomi, and I hope you will learn to love her; but it will not bo as a servant. Nature has made her fit for something better than servitude. I do ,ot mean to say that service is not worthy, or that all men and women are not equal in the eves of their Maker. But nature has sot a mark upon us all, and wo have oach our appointed station. I do not think Cynthia was created to work like Sally, or to take pleasure in the things that plcaso Sally." " You might get her a better place, father— as lady's-maid, for instance." «To be some fine lady's drudge ! That would be worse rather than better. Don't conccrn yourself about her, my dear, till you come to know more of her. I have made up uiy mind as to her future life." " Ifow good you are, father, to take so much trouble for a poor nameless orphan !" " There is more selfishness than goodness in the matter, Naomi. It has been a pleasure to mo to do as much for her." This was all that he said to his daughter about Cynthia; but he was pleased to think that Naomi had shown a friendly interest in the subject, and he fancied that Cynthia's beauty and Cynthia's sweetness would at once appeal to the girl's heart; that it would be natural for these two to love one another, and that they would cleave to each other like sisters. It never occurred to him that Cynthia, as the recipient of his charity, was quite a different person iu the eyes of Naomi from the same Cynthia as his second wife; and that in proportion to his daughter's love for him would be her disinclination to divide her affectionwith a new-comer and interloper. In the fulness of his content, which inclined him to see all things on the sunnier side, he could foresee no domestic difficulty, unless it were a 18l,a11 boa little extra snappishness on the part of Judith, an exhibition of temper which he meant to put down with a high hand. He was very happy. It seemed as if his capacity for full and perfect happiness had never been called into play till now. His life had been prosperous, successful; but the rainbow hues of joy had not entered lai-gely into the fabric of his existence. A gleam of vivid color here and there had flashed across the dull gray woof; but now warp and woof were all brightness and color. He saw all things underan altered aspect, apparelled in the beauty of a dream. Nature, which he had viewed hitherto with a mild regard, moved him now to loving worship. He thanked God for having set him in so fair a world, for having given him such a goodly heritage. In his daily walks he was continually repeating to himself those psalms which breathe joyfulness and thanks-giving, those canticlcs which tell of triumph and rapture of the Lords chosen people. There was more eloquence in his sermons, more fervour in his prayers. His congregation even felt stirred by that strong floodtide of joy which filled his own breast. In this state of mind ho was naturally disposed to look with an indulgent eye upon Oswald Pentreath's wooing. Ho remembered with a guilty sheepishness what the Squire had said to him—that if he, Joshua, were going to be married he would not be for eucli ong delay; and moved by this recollection he told Oswald one evening in the wilderness that, if he liked, the wedding might take place early in the year—say in March, when the spring flowers were coming in and the days getting bright. ''Now that your father has given his consent there is less reason for me to hold you to the letter of your promise," said Joshua. " If you are quite sure of your affection for Naomi •"-quite suro she is the one woman you would choose for yourself out of all the world—it makes little difference whether vou mairv her m March or July." • "Tlioro is no foar of any change in my feel- 2 S > answered Oswald: "I lovelier better evory day, and Upnor her more as I get to Know her better. She is the noblest and best oi women; I feel myself small and weak in comparison with her." Oswald lost no timo in tolling Naomi that ine length of his apprenticeship, as it pleased j^m to call ifc, ^ beon i OBB0U od. Wjaro.to be married early in-March, Nawhen the Woods are yellow with daffoaus; and you ate coming to brighten thatdis- SS V -T bf oun3 - wspect- L n^Il? V midsummer. I must pet my fdther to buy me a gig, and put Heme W fifi V l n°, Sa ' 80thatIma y drive you about. " 0 shal1 to a regular Darby and Joan." Naomi blushed at an imaginary picture of herself Bitting beside Oswald in a high-wheeled gig, with that unreliable horse swaying the vehicle against banks and hedges, and making wild bolts round awkward corners. The idea of driving with her husband in a gig, like old married people seemed to bring their marriage closer home to her than any gush of poetry on the lover's part could havo done. " And we must think of smartening the old rooms a little bit before you come to us," continued Oswald, cheerily. " I dare say a coat s of whitewash for the ceilings will bo about as much as the Squire will care to afford ; but I must see what Phoebe— that's our old housemaid, you know—can do with a few yards of chintz and muslin. She's a capital managor, poor old thing, and lias made her elbow-bones twice their natural size with rubbing the panelling and furniture. There's no such polish iu Devonshire, I should think, as poor Phoebe's elbow-grease. I see herat it sometimes at six o'clock in tho morning when I'm going for an early ride; and I often wonder why slio takes so much out of herself to embellish rooms that hardly any one sees. I fancy it must bo a part of her religion. There arc Shakers, you know, and Jumpors; perhaps there is a 6cct of Rubbers—an extra devout sect, like the Essenes." Naomi looked disapprovingly here. As a dissenter herself she was not prepared to think lightly of even Shakere or Jumpers, who had doubtless some reason for the faith that was in them-—an innate conviction of truth, perhaps, so strong as to counterbalance the ridiculousness of their outward manifestations. " But when you come tho old oak panels will havo their use," said Oswald, gaily. " They will serve as mirrors to reflect your imperial beauty. I always fancy you like tho good Agrippina8 and Julias, Naomi. There were one or two virtuous Julias, you know, though the majority turned their attention the other way; and there may havo been a decent Agrippina, though there I'm doubtful. I always picture you as a Roman lady, with golden embroidery on your robes, and a golden diadem on your dark hair." Naomi had read neither Tacitus nor Gibbon; all she knew about Rome was that St. Paul had acquired the Roman franchise, and that the Romans had persecuted the early Christians. But she knew that Oswald meant to praise her beauty when he likened her to these imperial ladies of doubtful character. These two also were very happy, but with a more quiet joy than Joshua's. The bloom of novelty had been worn off their love by this time. They had grown accustomed to look forward to a life spent tcgether; to think of themselves as bound to each other. Oswald surveyed his future with contentment. He liked Naomi better every day, leaned upon her more entirely, felt her superiority and his own weaker nature, and looked forward confidently to the part she was to play in his life. Naomi's feelings lay deeper, and but seldom found expression in words. She could not 6peak playfully of a love which was the most solemn element iu her life. She thought of her happiness—of this most perfect boon Heaven had given her in Oswald's love—with a subdued sense of awe. If he had never loved her; if he were to be taken from her I She dared not picture to herself the hideous blank which life must have been in the first case, nor tho gloomy ruin life must become in the second. Sometimes she recalled that dreadful day when the storm swept over Combhavcn and her father's strong arm had snatched Oswald from tho greedy devouring waves. If he had not been saved, and she had never known him! She was not metaphysician enough to contemplate life under such seemingly impossible conditions. Aunt Judith's attitude of mind in relation to tho lovers was one of equable disapprobation. She thought that Joshua was sacrificing to Baal by giving his daughter five thousand pounds in order that the misguided young woman might bo raised from her proper position in life to a station for which Providence had never intonded lier. Five thousand pounds at five per cent, meant two hundred and fifty pounds a year, Judith reflected, or nearly five pounds a week, which division made tho money seem a great deal more, as it was brought nearer the housewife's ever Why tho entire housekeeping expenses of Mr. Haggard's establishment—after dobiting all goods had out of tho shop against thq house—seldom came to more than five pounds a week. And Joshua was to surrender all that money to make his daughter a fine lady. Tho idea of this monotary sacrifice weighed heavily upon Aunt Judith. Slio had begun a system of small economies as a kind of sot-off against Naomi's dowry. Puddings now only graood tho board thrico a week, and those were puddings of the homeliest and least expansive character ; puddings of a substantial and filling character specially dear to prudent housekeepers, as they do not require eggs in their' composition, and are for tho most part in-; dependent of butter. The tea-table was furnished even more sparingly than of old, and, with a view to the economising of butter, tho careful manager pressed upon the maturer taste of her nophew and niece that thick and Blab molasses which their childish fancies had affected. She doled out the weeks allowance of soap more grudgingly than of old, and was despot in tho matter of soda^ " I don't know what's come to your aunt, Miss Naomi," the aggrieved Sally remarked despondently. " It's as much as I can wash out a pair of white stockings for Sunday afternoon without her going on about my vanity and extravagance, and throwing Jezebel in my tooth, as if I was the wickedest young woman iu Combhaven." These infinitesimal savings, though they inflicted some annoyance on the honschold, could go about as far towards counterbalancing the loss of five thousand pounds as the laborious exertions of an industrious beaver in the construction of a dam designed to stem the waters of the Niagara ; yet these vain efforts afforded some mental solace to Aunt Judith's perturbed mind. She scraped the butter off her bread, and felt herself a domestic martyr. "There'll be fine flaunting when she's a married woman and her own mistress," thought Judith, " with two hundred and fifty pounds a year for her own spending—silk gowns triuimod with thread-lace on workadays, I dare say. "We shan't sec her often at chapel, I should think. She'll be going to church for the sake of sitting in a big pew among the gentry. If I were Joshua I'd rather as leave have my daughter dead aud buried as married to a fine gentlemau that would look down upon me." Judith had never been able to got rid of tho idea that in his secret soul Oswald Pentrcath despised the Haggards and their surroundings. Her narrow mind could not conceive it possible that the son of a landowner could believe in his equality with shopkeepers; that the odour of soap and candles was not hateful to the nostrils of a gentleman who sealed his letters with a coat of arms that looked almost royal, and bore a name which was engraved on the oldest brazen tablet in the chancel. She was unable to understand that easy- going temper of Oswald's, to which rank and wealth were of small moment compared with the bless- ings of personal well-being and the gratification of one's own inclination. She had a lurking conviction that Mr. Pentreath, be he never 60 polite and respectful, was secretly laughing at her; that he did not admire her Sunday gown, and thought her pronunciation vulgar; aud that he encouragcd that impudent jackanapes Jim in tho practice of grimacing behind her shoulder as she poured out the tea or carved the cold joint at supper.' This conviction and a general sense of injury, chiefly referable to that marriage portion of five thousand pounds, made Aunt Judith unpleasant company to herself at this time, and not the most agreeable company for other people. The young people were happy after their tranquil fashion, untouched by tho blighting influence of this aggrieved spinster. They had their afternoon rambles together, and Naomi made progress in the art of pencil laudscape, sitting for many a happy hour copying the bold curved lines of the hartstonguo and the delicate tracery of parsley and oakleaf fern, or the larger outlines of elm or beech; while Oswald lay on the grass at her side reading Marmion or Ivauhoe. Gentle, peaceful time—a cup filled to thebiim with perfect joy —to be remembered in days to come when tho memory shall be life's crowning sorrow. The lovers had been employed thus one afternoon in August. Oswald had just read that intense and dramatic scene of Sir Walter Scott's most romantic poem when Constance do Beverley defies her pitiless judges. There had been au ominous stillness in the air for the last half-hour, and the birds were uttering those subdued twitterings by which they seem to warn nno another of approaching evil; but Naomi had been too much absorbed by the story to give any heed to these whisperings of a coming storm, when one big drop falling on hor pencilled group of ferns startled her out of her complacency. Oswald had been reading tho stirring Hues somewhat sleepily, tho heavy air under thoso tall elms exercising a narcotic effect upon his senses, and he too had been heedless of a change in the heavens. " Why, I declare it's raining !" he exclaimed, when one of thoso big drops alighted upou his noso; " and what a black sky I I'm afraid we're in for a storm. And you in that thin dress, Naomi! Let us get to the houso as fast as we can." " To tho Grange i" cried Naomi, with a look of alarm, as if ho had proposed tho most awful thing in the world. " Why not, love i It is to bo your home next spring. Is it .too much to ask a littlo shelter from tho old roof to-day " Tho Squiro might not like " falterrd Naomi. " He would bo delighted. Ho has not asked you and your father formally to visit him, for then, YOU y<* w*M be rmtos. and it B M* JBBOpfa® » spsaadabu Saee epos aaatsining people; b*a if ye| «*han*d. Cm* i ^ J ^ J 6 : (aiiitg fester—ta&them;'s the fist thsffiie;- ^ wakd *****soundingti el» to them this it « tbfmder-=I*p xnteftdfdferibemmputkalar. . _ - , , „ <; Whit a it hi*, t-Kw^a. Naoci, as they burned towads the rn^y'^g saeh. & psai as 5«L the voice of N«aesi£,_ doesnt Viir. Ibjg : Na.-.-a:! _ _ Ju v W-jc- a: the t=y It sssn is Hit Tteie'e * a'lr^i stiach of turf lay ^tweja 1 and lie house. The Swire's exes fcpi tarf cl-Jfelv cropped, 'vf^1 ^ pardon wert ibie to ran cu:-.£iy cri-. . _ Nao: amvel at f . - her dress oli, its the .r.e: fr* . lie trie I tiie Labile- of hU i •5V a-. 0': h&i; the key :f v, doubt, in:- oxi in the grive o! I hill, I Ler vronderli.^'y. It « t£.e r.rst ne she hid era eafcered :h:s ir wL:-:i ihe was to live and die. She te't ^ if i: * ere a momihl is he: life—i t0 ber-d as the bi.^^g cf ai ep>:L Thu house was heccef-.rwari to cea^ s-^et.'.^e t-ore ?>r her than a trai:t::n cr a feataK £ fasailiar las-ii^ : it ^ai to es ib>iv h-it "Mea of hoae. She locked round her d ouV.WJr. The ine square hall: the brown-oak panelling. with half a dozen family i»r.raiU broker and darker tUn the c";l oik: ths vile shal'.iw •tahta.^ with its s»l;d balustraie : the ] taeat of white arid lla-k marble, had doabt'.eie a csrUin digaitr and beauty of their own. •She felt that ^hV; was beneath a roof that had sheltered cany generationsbut there was a bleakness and barrenness in the scene tUt chilled her. A house built for the accomodation of a large family and numerous servants must needs have a cheerless and empty look when it falls into the occupation of a miser's shrunken household. " Let me show you the rooms that are to be all your own," said Oswald, opening the door of a long drawing-room, an apartment so rarely used that it had assumed a ghost-like air, as of a chamber conscious of old family secrets, and made gloomy by the mysteries of the past was a narrow panelled room painted white and salmon, and this very delicacy of tint, which would have made the apartment cheerful under favorable conditions, enhanced its chill phantasmal aspect in the gray light of this thunderous afternoon. All the furniture was at least a century old. Naomi had never imagined such spindle-legged tables, such narrow high-backed chairs, such a general straightness and Bpareness of outline. The bareness of all ornament, save the email oval mirrors and crystal candelabra, and the lack of colour, struck even her inexperienced eye, which had been accustomed only to the It o plainest furniture. The brocaded windowcurtains, once sea-green, had faded to a neutral tint; the seats and backs of chairs and sofas were covered with holland. There were no books, no pictures. Oswald watched his betrothed, expectant of some expression of admiration. He fancied she would be delighted with rooms so much larger and aristocratic than those in which she had lived all her life. " It's a handsome room, isn't it!" lie asked. " Forty feet by eighteen." " It's very long," said Naomi, rather stupidly, her lover thought. " Perhaps you'd like to see the dining-room ?" " Very much." Anything would be a relief after this ghastly saloon, with its white cold walls and geueral emptinese. They crossed the hall and entered the dining-room. Here browness and gloom replaced the ghostly whiteness of the saloon. Here too the furniture was scanty; but there was more hoinliness, a greater look of occupation, this being the room in which the Squire and his son lived from January to December. There were newspapers, books, and writing materials on a table in the bay- , window ; there were whips and walking-sticks in tho corners; the large oaken sideboard was adorned with a pair of solid old silver tankards, and surmounted by a portrait of the present Squire, painted in the bloom of youth, when waistcoats were worn long and " Wilkes and Liberty " was still a party cry. . The lightning flashed across Naomi's face as she looked put at the laige bay-window,; surveyiug that neatly-kept garden in front of tho house, which was separated by a close-cut ;holly hedge from the ueglectod domain Imyond, tho wide stretch of turf which bad onoo been i h T ^ ^ o L L ^ ^ c o a wluditheSqaHte ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ tWnoaAe mDchc^ofliWoniTi.,^ pon darker, »d thantetb, old chimney, ; v^oee wide throat tbert cunt gasts *»d J rain. It awful chuaney for the» wind lo howl ic; and the SqaiK aad bus son,: sininz ekotlr br the hearth on a gloomy S i eSo^ had often felt as if evil spirits threatening! at them from j i YaS~i>oked at ihe dark hearth with an i as t the had beard the; -Whatanawf dnois*:' she sail I " It'- onlv the wind. love. And now I murt show von the uuiilv portraits, and my : mother's sittings, wMch will be yours so , j it tbe most cheerful room m thelbouse " ! ^ Vaomi was gia-l to think that she was go- 1 in'to see something cheerful Tne gloom of j the had l-een more deposing! than ghostiv pallor ci the drawing- room, i Thev went ud the an:arp:t>l staircase to a zailerv whi:h cV.uviei the whole length of the house, with a row of long narrow windows looking westward, and a deep oaken seat in each window. Here there were family portraits of the usual character : sea-pieces", fruit-! pieces, and a Dutch picture or two to give a touch of human interest to the collection. \ Heie too there were some oil deif jars, filled j with driel r^se-leaves—roses that had been j gathered by lingers that were now clay, and which extaled an oiour of the past. Oswald showed his betrothed the unten- j anted rooms, all neatly kept by the indefatig- j able housemaid. The room that had been his j mother's was the prettiest Naomi had seen yet The white walls, embellished with carved gariiruls of fruit and flowers; the old furniture,, painted white ; a narrow old-fashioned bookcase on each side of the fireplace ; cabinets of -Le!:s ani sea-weeds between the windows, local shells and local weeds, which the Squire's young wife had collected ia her idle uneventful days. Naomi went eagerly to look at the books. They were many of them strange to her even in name. Old poets—Spenser, Cowley, Prior, Waller, Dryden, Pope—in white vellum, with gilded lettering. The Essayists, in neat duodecimo volumes, with faded calf bindings; Richardson's voluminous novels, in thin octavos, bound in brown. Naomi read the titles with keenest interest The great world f books was an unknown region to her, save for such feeble glimmer as was afforded by the Pocket Magazine, a folio Milton, with awful mezzotint pictures of Sin and Death, Satan and his Council which 6he used to look at shudderingly in her childhood, and those books of a theological or devotional character which formed the staple of the minister's small collection. Joshua had never been a great reader, save his Bible and those good old Puritan divines whose teaching was after his own heart. His life had been too full and busy to admit of his acquiring the liabits of a student He read the Scriptures, or Baxter's •Saints' Rest, or Law's Serious Call by the wayside. " What dear little books!" she exclaimed, admiring the neat rows of thin volumes, literature spread over a wide surface. " Thtv all belonged to my grandfather, and came to my mother at his death. She was very fond of them, the poets especially." " I did not know there were so many poets. I knew of Pope and Spenser, but all these olher names are strange to me. Why have you never told me about them ?" "They are dead, my dear; gone to the limbo of forgotten genius. Byron sent the whole crew to Hades. They have a kind of fossil life in old-fashioned libraries, like flies iu amber. Their music was sweet to mawkishness, their loves and sufferings were unreal as their periwigs; they were the poets of a patchbox and powder period." He took out a volume of Waller and read the " Lines to Amoret," that elegant excuse for being in love with two women at once. " Amoret • as sweet and good As the most delicious food, Which, bat tasted, does impart Life and gladness tothe heart. Sachatiesa's beauty's wine, Which to madness doth incline ; Such a liquor as no brain That is mortal can sustain." "Not a bad definition of tho love that satisfies and the love that intoxicates, is it Naomi ?" asked Oswald, as he closed the book' " These periwigged poets reduced love to a science. You are my Amoret, Naomi, and have given life and gladness to my heart." "I hope you may never meet your Sacliarissa," replied Naomi, gravely," since it seems that poete can love two women at once. " My dearest, that was written in the days of Charles IL, when poets were fops and courtiers, and it was incumbent on a court poet to t ^ there were true lore» J f e K ym^wfflfiadnotoceoflhMMWBgl^e? «rm«fiwdrmiiotdem that kind of poefay." : "But yoa lie rnymotW.room, KMoiJ« "Itulordy. I am so glad to hear yoa »y that. It will be roar own alter next March." I hare been tiring .. , to think of this Sfg^ l T, . —- as my home, Oswald; but I have «tch a stm^ feeling about it. I catmofc uwgme myself living heie. I cannot make • picture of our new life. It all seems far away and atodowy, like my idea of the life to come, which neither my make real or viable to me. I must have a very weak imagination, » Perhaps you bare too much common sense, Naomi. You will not give your fancies scope. You think of yourself as Naomi Haggard living in your father's house at Combhaven, and you can't realise the feet that nest year you will be Naomi Pentreath. and sole mistress of these desolate old rooms. Your coming will alter everything, dear. Even my father looks foi- ! card to it with pleasant anticipations." He is very good. If it were not foolish or • even wicked to give heed to each fancies, I should think that this feeling of mine was a ] presentiment—that God does not intend me ever to live the happy life you speak o£ It is such a settled feeling in wy mind to-day; it comes between me and my happiness, just as those clouds come between us and the day." "Naomi;" " 0. it is because I love you so dearly, Oswald! I cannot believe that Heaven means me to be so perfectly happy all my life, to have no sorrows, no trials—I who have beat taught that our journey <jn earth is to lead us through thorny places—your love given to me in all its fulness. It is too much to expect from Providence." " My dearest, you have been taught a gloomy creed. Do you suppose Providence has never favoured true lovers—never smiled on a happy nnion before our time t There are old men and women who loved each other fifty years ago just as faithfully as you and I love today, and who have climbed the hill cf life and gone down into the valley hand in band. Providence means us to be happy for the mod part, I believe, Naomi. &rth;*s most miserable men are those who have made their own sorrows. That is my creed." The Squire's harsh croak was heard in the hall below at this moment, and made an end of the conversation. Oswald took Naomi down to greet her future father- in-law, who had ridden home from one of his outlying farms in the rain, and was changing his coat and boots with the assistance of the old butler. He stopped in the operation to kiss Naomi. "We were caught in the storm, father, while we were sketching in the wood," said Oswald. " I brought Naomi in for shelter. I've been showing her my mother's sitting-room." " Very proper. It will be hers when she's married. Shell keep her accounts there, and do her sewing; won't you my dearl My shirts and cravats are in a wretched state. It'll be a blessing to have a clever young woman like you to look after them. What a dreadful storm ! It will do no end of mischief to the corn where it isn't cut—an excuse for tenants being backward with their Christmas rent" "The rain has stopped, I think," said Naomi, timidly, looking out through the open door," and I must go home to tea." " Never mind your tea, my dear. Oswald shall get you a dish of tea before you go," said the Squire, in a gush of hospitality. But Naomi declared that her father would be alarmed at her absence; and the storm being really over, Oswald and she set out for Combhaven. {To bt continue!.) MB. Gcildpobd Okslow AXD TOE CL^OCAKT. —A meeting was held at Portsea on January 7 in support of the movement on behalf of the Tichborne Claimant Mr. Guildford' Onslow was one of the speakers. He had, he said, to-day mud his annual visit to his friend, Sir Roger Twnberne, who be was glad to cay bad been removed from Dartmoor to the more genial atmosphere of Portsmouth. He was happy to s^y he.bad never seen him looking better, nor did he believe he had ever been in better spirits. His friend 1 had also stated that he bad never been to kindly 1 before, and he hoped as long as he was la prison he would remain at Portsmouth. He *ead to Sir Roger a letter from his little son, in which he stated that he had spent a veiy happy Christmas and he lioped his lather had d<?ue the same. Ihe jioor prisoner, Mr. Onslow said, .could not help smiling when the letter froin hpi deaf li% boy was read to him. Mr. Ondbw' w4nt 4ri|t details as to the person confined mthe PaTtaroawW Lunatic Asylum, who, it ia said,is Artbur Orton, and who has been recogufsedkv ibeOlaimant from n )Vjtl his photoeratlh. and it. rnlln IiamaA tlint. tlioy , A and it was fully . . would be able to bring him to thU.isountry* " this should be the case, they might at anv ratcWIutii rate tailed such af - j^vraxuMMLik' douW Qgto justtTy the discharge of the pSsbher.'-^Sfiv QnWterman East also addressed the meeHb^F 