POPERY IN SCOTLAND. In a note we have referred to the boasted spr ead - of . Popery in Scotland, an'd- the consequent ' establishment of a hierarchy, and have shown - that the " success " is more apparent than > real. But now we give what the: Scottish people will, regard as a very opportune practical illustration of what Popery will be to them, as of old, should it acquire power in that i ancient ; land of freedom and Protestantism . The case is this; according to /the par ticulars brought out at the trial In , Yf est Calder there was a Catholic school, and a Catholic family of the name of Cos- grove. . The daughter of Cosgfove was a teacher in the school, under an engagement for five years, and the father was one of the committee or board. A; priest off the name of Goldie was appointed; to/that- part of the country, and he became, of course, a sort of patron of the Catholic school. In course of time the priest began to i dictate to the committee-and to rule the school according to bis own mind, without refer- ence to the committee. Mr. Cosgrove being rather disposed to Scottish liberty declined to allow such interference, and demanded that the affairs of the school should be managed through the committee. This was an unpardonable sin in the sight of the priest, and, from that time forth; Cosgfove was a marked man. The prieBt finding nothing against the father soon resolved to revenge himself upon the daughter, the teacher. Whereupon he took upon him the bold course of giving Miss Cosgrove, when she returned from the holidays, notice that her services in the school were no longer required. No fault was alleged as the reason ; it was not for her to reason, but to " obey the Church." The father (Cosgrove), how ever, was not to be beaten in this way ; for preferring Scottish freedom to Popish slavery, he threatened the priest with law proceedings to compel either reinstatement of his daughter or the production of causes for her dismissal; The priest took alarm and declined the production of causes, and reinstated Miss Cosgrove in her position; Soon, ' however, the priest recovered his coufage and- again ho gave> the young lady notice/of. dismissal from the school, resolv ing this- time to> crush both -her and -.her father i for their audacity in withstanding a 'prie8t-'of the: " true Church." > The 'plan he i took- was; the' old Popish/one' of " altar , denunciation! " and' "'pulpit attack." : To the committee/ who demanded reasons for the/- dismissal !of the teacher; the priest alleged certain trifling faults; but insinu- ated that 'lie had other things which could notibe' mmtMHecl"aa 'hfofehsdns .'for' getting rid of her. ii-This damning/allusion- to- pri vate reasons made the committee suppose that the priest knew, probably from/' the confessional/ th at the girl i had I been, guilty of some immoral ' conduct ; for -it seems to have had the effect of silencing the; com- mittee. instantly, ot course, tne'gm was reduced by the suspicion to the point of ruin. ' The prtest not content with - this infamous attack upon the character of- the young woman; preached at her from the pulpit that the people 'might ' discard her as- under the ; ban of the Church. . iHe called: the father/by the' nickname of "Bismarck," to -produce hatred against him, and lie referred to the daughter in the vague inuendoes of " the less said 'of her the better," &c.; , to 'destroy her! - > The girl seeing! that ; her /prospects / of justice or 'employment iin that part 'bf the country were . 'at an end, applied for - an engagement in another ' Catholic/ scKool at a short distance j'/hut the priest there -had already i been /primed'/ and :-/!-priejudiced by priest : Goldie; and' he'/rei)liedi; to//bhe application " that . she 'woulil/hever 'get an ' engagement in : any Roman " GatHolic school." /Nothing daunted; however, the girl' applied'for a situation in a1 Catholic seminary in' Edinburgh ; but even to that distance priest Goldie had sent his excom-/ munication' of the girl and laid her under . interdict von charges 'which had never been revealed to herself or her father, and from Edinburgh also came the stern words " no ' admission" for one ; under the displeasure of the priest." Mr. Cosgrove now saw that the min of 'his daughter was the" object and that ho other reason was probable but that the ruin was to be the revenge of the priest against himself as " Bismarck." Accordingly he determined to drag the priest to court and give to Scotland an earlyTesson on the " power and corruption and tyranny of Popery;" The' case came on, and the priest was challenged to do his best to defame the girl by - what he knew, if Mb words and shakings of the hand, and vague expres sions ' about " more serious causes not to he ' mentioned could be substantiated." The priest had nothing to allege but; " disrespect to himself and dis obedience." But he tried to make up for his want of evidence. Before the trial came on he alluded to the subject from the pulpit; and instructed" the witnesses that Might be called as to the sort of evidence they were to give in court. He said in church, from " the altar " that he " had spared the character of the fsjvl cis long as he couZd, hut that how he had a character of his own to; protect." He then denounced the' Cosgroves as " simply wanting - to extort money," and he added significantly, that the' people in the church who might be called to give evidence might be warned of the danger of opposing the . priest of the true Church — "I have the Church at my back, and the moment I set my foot in the court those parties would be excommunicated !" The conse quence was that the witnesses who appeared when questioned anything about the priest, what he said from the altar, what he said privately, " they disremem- bered everything J" Not one of them could answer anything I Poor innocent things, with short memories, how per fectly they remembered their lesson to tell lies in court to serve his reverence and the . Church, and to perjure themselves rather than do anything which would bring justice to the Cosgroves ! The priest, however, found that while he might equivocate, and bamboozle igno rant Catholics in his chapel, he had not quite the power to bamboozle the judge and jury and barristers in a British court of justice. So he was compelled to tell what he had against the girl. His charges were that he dismissed her for " disobedi ence and disrespect to himself next, that she; had " put on his vestments — one of the greatest crimes which a Catholic could commit ;" next, that she had said to the little children that " instead of taking off their hats to the priest, they should go down on their knees and kiss the ground he walked on !" And then, trying his Jesuit doctrine and distinctions, he denied, on oath, that he had instructed the wit nesses what evidence to give, and denied that he had threatened them with excom munication if they dared give evidence against him ; but he admitted that he had told them " that they were bound by their religion to own allegiance to him ; that they were bound to refer everything in the case to him , their ecclesiastical superior ; and that they were bound to accept and abide by his decision J" No wonder that the judge and jury and audience stood aghast when they heard such avowals of Popish tyranny in court ! But this was not the best of the Popish lecture which the priest gave. Here was more : — He was questioned about his vague and sly allusions to " immorality " on the part of Miss Cosgrove. He replied that he considered, that what he had charged Miss Cosgrove with were "serious immoral faults." He said that he applied the term " immorality " only to breaches of chas tity, and he denied over and over again that "lying, bearing false witness, and stealing were immoral," "for," said he, " they are not virtues, but vices," and. "un becoming acts !" On being pressed by the barristers, the priest at length admitted that these things might be " immoral !" The jury believed Miss Cosgrove, with the approbation of the whole court, and of the audience, and they awarded her, damages to the extent of £250. with costs. Now, such is Popery in Scotland— an early attempt to transplant into Scotland what has made Ireland a land of violence and false swearing and terrorism. We are glad chat it has occurred so soon. It will tell all Scotland what Popery is. Truth: justice, virtue, honor, and life are nothing to those abominable priests, when they have their own objects to serve, and an ignorant people to back them up. In our lapt issue we showed the silly reasoning of Dr. Yaughan in his so- called arguments to "the faithful" to offer prayers for the release of the Pope from purga tory, if' Pius be indeed in purgatory, fox Dr. Yaughan is uncertain where the soul of Pius is; . in this issue we notice the equally . silly reasoning of the Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Quinn, urging "the faithful" to pray, for a "speedy, judicious, and unanimous election of a new Pope." The language is peculiar — "judicious election of a new Pope." We always thought that the theory of the " election of a. new Pope '' is thatthe choice is of the " Holy Ghost." We always thought that when the election is made the Holy - Ghost is credited: with making the lots fall on the proper man ; and that, when the new Pope is declared chosen, the infallibility streams into him from heaven, by a supernatural communi cation, and that forthwith he becomes the ".voice of God to the world," the " visible Christ," the "successor of Peter," and that itis crime of the most wicked and: aggra vated character to .doubt or oppose " the election : of God." But now Dr. Quinn tells : us that this is a mistake, and so: he calls upon his people to, pray that a " judi cious" choice of a !. new Pope be made ! Surely :.v if; : the Holy Ghost guide .the cardinals; the choice must be judicious fit it, is not judicious; it can hardly be said, that ' the Holy Ghost has guided , the cardinals.; We don't care what alternative Dr. Quinn accepts, in either case the; proof is abundant of paltry silliness. Bat mark -the ; prayers which Dr. Quinn prescribes for the faithful to offer to secure that the Holy Ghost shall make a "judicious election of a new Pope." They ate " to recite Our Father, Hail Mary, and the creed in honor of the sacred heart ; the Litany of Blessed Virgin, three paters and aves and three glorias in honour of St. Joseph; the same prayers in honour of Saints Peter and Paul ; concluding with the benediction of the Holy Sacrament." Then, "for the same object the priests are to say in the mass the prayer of the Holy Ghost, instead of the collect pro papa." And these prayers are to continued over and over again until the priests and the faithful " get authentig information that a new Pope has been elected." Now, we ask in all seriousness, could anything be more ineffably silly than all this ? Is not the whole thing an insult to the under standing of even the most ignorant 1 Could anything be more drivelling and de grading. Ave Marias, pater nosters, and glorias in honour of St. Joseph; the myste rious " three " of each ; one pater noster, and one Maria in honour of the Sacred Heart ; three to Peter and Paul ; one prayer to the Holy Ghost ; one litany in honour of Mary — and all these repeated from day to day ; for what purpose 1 that the Holy Ghost might guide the cardinals to a judicious choice of a new Pope ! The absurdity strongly provokes us to ridicule; but we will rather express our scorn for men who thus tiifle with religion and mock God ; and our pity for those poor deluded and peeled ones, called " the faithful," who dare not feel humiliated by such transparent shams, but must humbly, unquestioningly, and even thankfully submit to be thus befooled for the benefit of their priestly leaders. It is surprising how many are ready to champion the cause of the working men in the matter of " Sabbath observance." They are all volunteers, for the working men have never asked for their advocacy. They will insist that the working men should spend their Sundays in walking through gardens, listening to music, visit ing museums, and improving their morals and intellects by the study of nature down at Manly Beach, Bondi, or some other place to be reached by the railway. The working men have never expressed themselves to this effect ; they have never asked for such Frenchified Sundays ; but their advocates in debating clubs, political meetings, and parliaments will thrust themselves forward as their friends and benefactors in pleading for them that their Sundays shall never be properly spent until they have museums and public libraries opened, and music promenades arranged for in the public gardens. These things are to be the means of elevating and regenerating the " working classes," and of lessening the ignorance which now makes them drunken and reckless on the Sundays ! The working men are thus, no doubt, flattered both by the characters of those who champion them, and by the character of the means which are sup posed to be wanted to make them better ! But we deny altogether what these self- appointed advocates of the working men quietly assume. Mr. Cameron may be a representative man when he talks of immigration and the inter-relation of labour and capital ; but who appointed him to say what the working men want in the matter of Sabbath keeping ? Mr. S. Gray may be a very suitable man to speak of the butter and cheese and bacon which the working men need, and of how much cheaper these commodities would be if a railway were opened to Wollongong; but whoever asked him to say that the " Scottish Sabbath " is unsuitable for working men, and that open museums and open libraries would improve their morals ? We are certain that if the working men were asked, they would say they never chose the Camerons and the Grays to be exponents of . their sentiments and f wishes of such a subject:' We are certain too, that, for. the most part, the working men will never look to Sunday museums and libraries for the improvement of their' morals and the cultivation of their intel lects, r We are greatly mistaken concern ing their intelligence and morals, if they would not witness against their advocates, and tell, them, that however; much they may feel interested in museums' and libraries and gardens, they have not really come to this, that) they need such: means to make them equal in intelligence and morals to those who would patronize them with such Sunday amusements. The' hard common sense of the- - working classes is capable,: we believe, of looking -' through' these flimsy patronizers who seem to think that: they are overgrown- children who are asking to be amused with a display- of fish bones and old fossils, or with the pictures of va lot of periodicals, or with ' the lively strains of " Yankee Doodle," and " The Girl I left behind me," amid a garden of., flowers! Mr. Cameron has always been particularly ready to judge of others by the state of his own feelings; well, per haps his study on the Sunday of the skeleton of a monkey might improve his morals ; but it does not follow that be speaks for the working classes. Mr. Gray was particularly offensive in his sneers against the " Scottish Sabbath ;" but it is probable that any good which remains within him is owing to the influence of the Scottish Sabbath ; but there are no ingrates like those who slander the very means by which the little good which they have is retained within them. We are ashamed that in the Assembly so feeble was the voice which demanded that our Protestant Sabbath should be sacredly reverenced as one of the most precious of our national institutions. One or two of the members spoke as if they were ashamed to say what they said. There was no one to avow courageously that he was prepared to defend the generally sacred character of the day of rest. Why was it that no one protested against the false and gratuitous assumptions that a French Sabbath would be better for the community than the English Sabbath of our ancestors ? Was it that there is no evidence? Was it that the issue of the evidence is doubtful? Call it English Sabbath, or Scottish Sabbath, or Puritan Lord's Day, we care not. The fact is, that the morals of a people will never be improved by its relaxation and desecra tion, while those morals would be a hundred fold better if the Sabbath were more sanctified ; and these shallow advo cates for Sunday desecration, are, not withstanding their pretense to be the working men's friends, their most mis chievous enemies ; for while offering them bread, they give them a stone — while promising them rest, they give them labour — and while offering them freedom, they make them slaves. Our advice to the working men is, that they should value their Sabbaths, and bid their sense less advisers to " stand out of their light." We have more right to speak in this matter than the Camerons and Grays. We claim to know, from more intimate intercourse with the working classes, that what they want is not a Sunday holiday, but a Sunday Sabbath — with the grand verities of religion .to lift them up from the trifles of. time .to the joys and hopes of eternity. It is well that those unprincipled agita tors and shameless braggarts, the Bomish priests, should now and again expose themselves. They claim to be the only ones who are competent to "teach the nations," because divinely commissioned to do so; and so just now their arrogant asser tions about " education " affect to tell the public how much they desire to make their people the most educated and intelligent of people. The hypocrisy of the thing, how ever, is seen in this, that wherever they have had the entire control of the nations they have made and kept them shame fully ignorant. Look, for example, at Italy while it was under the entire control of the priests — more than eighty per cent, unable to read or write. Look at those parts of Ireland which have been wholly dominated and directed by the priests — more than eighty per cent, unable to read or write. Look at South America where the Church for centuries has had a perfect paradise in the full scope of its authority, — at least ninety per cent, of the people unable to read or write. Look at this colony, and judge by the census which parts of the citizens in our various towns and cities and through the bush are un able to read and write, and it will be found as certainly as that the sun shines at noon day, that the large proportion of them are the sheep of the priests ; yet in face of these well-known facts the priests will audaciously pretend that they are the only true educators of the people, and that the one great desire of their heart and labour of their life, is to educate the people. ; Like all other falsehoods, how ever, this one may now be seen through. Like all other frauds this one gets some times an expression from those who support it — their very zeal throwing off the mask. The priests of St. Mary's from Dr. Yaughan downwards ha e been among the most zealous pretenders, and so we go to St. Mary's for the exposure of the pre tence. Father Petre has been a great gun in the Cathedral. His labours and' eloquence have secured that he has been appointed to the " important charge of St. Benedict's." Well, when he begins to speak of " education " we are sure to get the cream of the cathedral authorities. When 7«e:, begins to discourse on " this vital question," of course the Greenwoods, the Barrys, the M'Gribbons, and the whole tribe of the " secularists " may well hide their diminished-, heads. Let us see. The following is a long extract from his pre pared and read speech which we cut from Freeman — published by Freeman as a powerful speech on the vital subject — as a specimen of the frightful rubbish, blatant nonsense which Boman Catholic people get from their leaders and teachers. Let it be read without laughter : — " If it were possible to exhaust this subject it were easily defined, but by its very inexhausti bility does it derive both the endless theo ries, and the endless methods which to it may be and are applied. Education is a blessing — but unfortunately both a nega tive and a positive one. If directed to proper ends and with proper views it is a positive one — if to improper ends and im proper views it is a negative one — quite capable of turning any blessing into a deep, bitter, and damning curse. Educa tion is a blessing — if the education be suited to, and compatible with the pur suits of the person educated. Education of the masses is a subject of vital import ance, not only to the present generation, but to the furthest posterity. Nothing re quires greater care in the dissemination. It is so like a vast dam of surging waters, a collection of many waters or rivers, from the highest mountain, from tree- capped hills, from flowery dales, from rough, from smooth, from red and black ground, all commingled, which taken drop by drop a teaspoonful of sand would swallow up and absorb in its grasping, burning drought, but now when collected in the reservoir, at the least wind it beats with angry violence against the dam or barrier', striving to overthrow that which brought it into existence, that which is its strength, and if sufficient ways hath not been laid to carry over its superfluous water beside the regular supply, it will sap the most ingenious and powerful embankment, and rush, bearing on its heaving, turbulent bosom, ruin and deso lation with it, overwhelming skill and labour, and leaving death and devastation behind it till it spend itself in the mad rush, and be lost more damnably than it was in the. wanderings before it was col lected, and in the place of it shall be known no more. So with 'education.' Our ' books ' are our waters, a collection of all kinds, from saints, from devils, from cultivated and from uncouth, half- formed, and half-crazed minds — from godly priests and ungodly sectarians, and from soldiers, politicians, and though last, not least, from would-be philosophers, mad and impious in their self-conceit, crazy with absurd metaphysics, such as 'Voltaire,' 'Bousseau,' 'Descartes,' 'Colenso,' and the insane American writer ' Bridgenorth,' all printed, published, and issued in all languages, and to all creeds. . The dam, of course, represents men and monks, who have age after age brought this mass of knowledge together. Step by step, drop by drop have they accumulated this seeth ing mass, until by its sheer weight, its variability, and its irresistibility it gradu ally requires a bye wash to take away all the superfluous rubbish that is brought in either purposely by schismatics, or acci dentally by science in a flood of know ledge, and eith er refuses to go out, or is not fit to be let out at the regular supply disseminated by those in authority. And if by chance this rubbish is not regularly cleared out and allowed to escape, by . its collection it gradually acquires weight, and if those in authority (the dam) are not bound together in unanimity, the weak place must give way to the pressure of the scum, and good and bad knowledge and rubbish is swept, overwhelming in its rush all regulated teaching, so that the work of years, the knowledge and trea sures of ages, spreading unguided, un checked, and uncontrolled, bear ruin and awful desolation to quiet churches and happy homes, overwhelming the labour and skiU employed in its formation and collection, and, leaving. anarchy, confusion, dismay, and death where it should have left plenty and peace, turning into a second chaos more dismal, vague and terrifying than the original, owing to the conglomerate mass ; of wreck of good and evil burying, destroying, and misleading aill inquiring eyes and minds. The great : care then of education ' is its proper collec- ition and proper dissemination."— -Now, if there were any proof wanted of ignorance, here it is. Father Petre talks about " ex hausting this subject." A pretty exhauster of any subject is he 1 His head is like the " dam " which ! he has figured, and his 'absurdity is like the '' conglomerate mas3 of wreck of good and - evil " which his educated mind has seen ! Think of the poor people who are condemned to listen to such outrageous trash; as the " lamed and eloquint taching of Church !" How could they be anything else but ignorant when thus bamboozled and frightened by sound and fury meaning nothing 1 Think of the poor people who get sermons of sucli stuff to feed their souls ! No wonder that they are lean and ragged, for such igno rant bombast is not equal even to the husks which the swine do eat. Dr. Vaughan; if he has any respect for himself will forbid Father Petre to u discoorse on edication " until he has been " after getting a few lessons himsilf." We, however, thank Father Petre for " discoorsing " and Free man for publishing, for the benefit of us poor " Heretics and secularists " such a . masterly speech on the " vital subjects of schools and education ! The New Pope. — In our next we shall have an article on ''.the trials and consolations of the new Pope." Dr. Vaughan has come out with a " new Pastoral " on the subject. Parliamentary Land Agents. — We are glad that these gentlemen are likely to find their occupation gone before long. We don't condemn all of them in one sweeping sentence j but wb think that everybody will admit that some of them have been mere harpies— watching their chance, selling their vote, fleecing the free selectors, and breeding corruption in all the public offices. We are glad that Mr. Garrett spoke so plainly; his speech was a challenge to his enemies to produce anything against himself, if their many insinuations against him were anything better than foul slanders. A few of the members in the House, who have been mere ratters, would speedily .resign if the corn which they have been used to get in the land office were cut off. Another Attempt. -Mr. Hurley, of Hartley, has a craze on the subject of Sunday museums. He thinks that "the public," the "working classes," and "society in general" are going 'to the dogs for the want of the opening of the museum and public libraryon Sundays. Therefore he is fearfully anxious to save them. He is going to day (Friday) to move that the Government shall take steps to get these places open as early as possible, that "society in general may be saved." We should like to know where he got his commission ? Was it from the Hartley coal pits? We have not heard of the working classes and society in general calling on him to move in the matter. But we shall wait to hear from him, "when he moves," what are his strong arguments, and what is- the deep convic tion of his conscience, . Rudie versus Ramsay.— Surely the Attor- , ney-Geueral ; was lax in: his duty in permitting this case to come to trial. ' But as it did' come on, it seems to us now to devolve upon him to accept the evidence and proceed against the woman who has shown herself to be a villain of no ordinary stamp. If the witnesses are to be believed who testified that when they called upon ,her ;in, the. way of. business for rent or accounts, she threatened to raise a charge1 of criminal assault if they did not leave, a case of wicked conspiracy outf to be easily sustained against her. One of the witnesses,- who had been thus threatened, was so alarmed at what a wretched woman might say and swear, took .his wife.with him as a protection whenhe had o.call again upon her. Her evidence did not agr< c .with that of - the man Glunes, notwithstanding- the time which they had had for schooling , themselves into a consistent story. The worth- . lessness of the word or oath, of both herself and : the man Clunes, whose mode of getting 'a 'living was not very clear, was beyond doubt. - The jury evidently believed that the case was- one ©f conspiracy to .extort .money, and they dis missed it accordingly ';- but ought the matter to -rest there? Ought such villany to escape pun- \- ishmeilt ?. Scarcely . any punishment would - be too. much for wickedness so great. What man is safe whose , business happens to bring him . iuto ;. contact with, women of . such abandoned . morals ? We think that the Attorney- General ought immediately to ; proceed against the woman for perjury or conspiracy, that ! if con-' victed her monstrous career may be speedily cut short. . Prince of the Church. — -Dr; Vaughan, ;on last .Thursday; week, visited- the Italian war vessel which, was lying, in the harbour, and was. received with great show, and pomp as a "prince of , the Church." The vessel is loyal to the King, of Italy, and fired a salute the other - day in hoiiour of the funeral of the king ; but the officers are Papists, not of the Irish type,' but \- of the liberal Italian type. Pope Pius. IX. would not have boarded the vessel, but would . have regarded it as the emblem of a cursed usurper, and probably would have prayed the Virgin to sink her at sea, in testimony: , of her displeasure at Victor Emmanuel's holding the Pope's temporal power. No; Pius IX. would have burned his foot rather than have placed it on the deck of _ the Christophero Colombo ; but Dr. Vaughan did not feel any such qualms of conscience, and so he went in state to visit "his children," the officers and men of the ship, and the defenders of the king against the" Pope ; and as the Archbishop went in state as a "prince of the Church," the ship returned the honour by a salute of eighteen guns, on his sailing away ; which gratified Dr. Vaughan so much that on landing at .the "Prince's Stairs" he seemed quite excited— with joy ! A Novel without a Name.— We have read .with much pleasure the published portion of -this well-written and well-plotted story by Mr. William Aubrey Burhage, author of "Bertha Shelley," " A swim for a wife," &c.; We have no hesitation in saying that it leaves very far in the rear all others of Australian manufacture which have met our, eye. The composition is of a refined and uncorruDted English, avoiding the vulgar and slangy style which is too' generally adopted as a substitute' for wit. The " Novel without a _Name" is issued os a serial, each number price one shilling, which we think is too low a price to pay for printing, &c.;, unless the sales are very large indeed ; for the quantity of matter in each number is great, as well as the quality, good. The crisis turns on circumstantial ??e' which; is very happily worked out. M e thinkj however, that the title was a mis- take since ; it bas beenalready adopted, we boiicvo, asa.'secondary. fame hy a modern novehst. \- " The Sydney Permanent Freehold Land and Building- Society. — We give, to-day, an extract from a most favourable report of the above flourishing concern. Every branch of its operations shows a healthy and steady increase of business, and the whole a large profit for the highly-favoured members, among whom we heartily wish we were numbered. The Non-Puseyite Clergy of the Church of England. — The Australian Skepherdite an nounces as a fact that " not more than two or three of the clergy beside Dr. Barry " have ceased to take that print in since it has gone over to the histrionic heresy. The testimony is rathor untrustworthy, but if it be true, to what a depth of unfaithfulness must that clergy have fallen ! And what hope could we cherish for a Church ministered to by half Papists on the one part, and on the other by those who are content to maintain their half Papist organ ? Let us hope that they are not so bad as that organ implies. Peter's Pence. — The Archbishop of Mel bourne has received acknowledgements from Rome that the £700 sent by the poor Papists of Victoria to the poor Pope, as Peter's pence, for last year, had arrived safely. We wonder how much' will be sent this year, since the death of Pins has revealed the fact that instead of the Pope being the "poor fisherman" whom the priests picture to the servant girls arid street sweepers for the purpose of exciting their pity and getting _ their money, he is the richest man in Europe ; in receipt from private resources of more than. £150,000 annually for the expenses of the Papacy. If the Catholic people had their, usual shrewdness in money matters, they would ask about the expenditure of their subscrip tions as Peter's pence ; for their money is like treasure cast into the sea — they never see or hear of it again. 