j DAIRYING FALLACIES. . I AIB IN CRUX. FOB some time it was thought (and churns to carry out the prinoiple were introduced) that the passage of air into the cream dur ing the proceBB of churning promoted the separation of the butter. This idea is now exploded, and the churns are found only in garrets. I allude to it merely to show, in the light of what will be hereafter stated, how far away from any true conception of the facts the minds of many must have been when such a theory could have bad currency. WITCHES IN THE CBEA2X. Not nnfrequently the correspondence columns of weekly journals contain queries, headed, " Why Don't the Butter Gome ?" or something equivalent, in which the writer details the painful efforts of hours, and even days, over a refractory churnful of cream. Moat inexperienoed persons meet, with this trouble; and not a few, also, who have made a good deal of butter, and made it well, when all natural conditions were favourable. The idea expressed by some that the cream was ^ bewitched," is the rq ...A if-R~3 lasfc^esort, the worlff-bve^or^ihe explans* tion of the nncoippraliBm^a natura£%iheno ,mena. It is only in' the otear'white'lfght of ®?152Se".(knowlcdge) that the witoh beoomea totally invisible. She and the ghost are always beBt seen in the dark. TEMPERATURE IN SETTING. As lately a8 seven or eight yeara ago it was the universal teaching that the proper - temperature for Betting milk was in the vicinity "of 60deg. The best aufchbritieB agreed that, at a higher temperature, the milk would become sour before all the oream would come to the surface, while at a lower temperature it would never rise at all. When the Swedish method of setting in ice water was firBt reported, it could hardly obtain serious notice, so contrary was it to received notions. Now, it has been abundantly demonstrated that oream swims to the surface sooneBt in milk cooled nearly to its point of greatest density, or about 403eg. This is, in itself, a great advance probably the greatest single step that has been made in butter-dairying. Yet it was not made by a profesBor, but was blun dered upon in practice. THE " CURRENT" THEORY. Some_ minds have a great fondness for mystifying plain matters. If one should seaia quantity of apples going over a water fan, it would never occur to him that, when theije apples reached the still water below, it would be necessary to " create currents" in the pool before the fruit would float to the surface. The 'fact that apples are lighter than water would be considered a sufficient reason why they should float upon it; and as it isarulealikeof philosophy and common sense that when we have a perfectly satis factory reason for any occurrence, it is folly> to seek for any other, we should never think of a " current" theory. Having ocular evi dence that a current submerged the apples, and that they came to the surface where the current abated, we should be satisfied. Now, the butter globule, though it is too small to be seen by the naked eye, is to the milk in which it swims what the apples in the case supposed ware to the water. If we keep the milk in a state of agitation they do not rise ? if the milk is at rest, and just in proportion i as that rest is perfect, they swim to the top. The most rapid separation of cream takes place in that apparatus where the milk is quickest reduced to (the proper temperature and most rigidly held there. Whenever you hear one of these "ourrent" theorists hold ing forth, you will always find that he has a "new patent-setting-oan " in the ante room, which he would like to show you. Remember the air-churns, and eschew him. THE ANIMAL ODOOB. That the best butter is now made from cream raised in olosed, and even in sub merged cans, is what the boys call " a sticker" to those gentlemen who have long and learnedly held forth upon the per nicious " animal odour" in miik, which re quired the most careful ventilation to be rid of, and which absolutely ruined the flavour and keeping quality of the butter when retained. Various ingenious ways of getting around the stubborn fact are resorted to. It is hard indeed, after having explained how this " odour" originates, what its chemical formula probably is, and how it looks or would look when isolated, to find it dis appear, all at once, like a. will-o'-the-wisp. No doubt there are "stinks" in milk, but no doubt, also, they are got there from filthy bags and teats, filthy hands, foul air, and the like. Pure healthy milk has nothing in it that needs to be removed by ventilation. Ventilate your cow stables, keep your cows clean, give them good food and pure water, keep yourself and your sur roundings olean while handling the produot, from the udder »o the butter- tnb, and you will never be troubled with the "animal odour." Another ghost has been laid, another " witch" has disappeared. WASHING BUTTER. Abundant experiment , has shown that the natural flavour, of butter cannot. , be removed by washing, it with pure water. Careful manipulation, with jthecream.and' every thing else just right, will make good:batter without washing. But the extra trouble, iB wasted. . ' THE " GRAIN" OF BUTTER. . When the. butter, has «' come," and ap pears in little irregular masses, from a pin's head to a large pea in size, is the time to draw off the buttermilk and wash the butter in the ohurn. This removes most of the buttermilk. After being then gathered and removed from, the churn, worked, washed and salted on the butter-worker at the proper temperature, we find, upon breaking it, that it has a granular look. The mass seems to be made of little pattioles with a slightly glistening appearance. This is called the "grain." These small particles are par tially kept aptrt by films of water (after salting, this water becomes brine), and the peculiar texture thus imparted to the butter is a test of proper manufacture. Over-churn or over-work it, churn or work it at the wrong temperature, and the grain is gone, never to be restored; and with it is gone a large per eentage of the selling value of the butter. Enough water (brine) must be re tained to produce this appearance, which distinguishes " butter" from .« grease." Consequently the most perfeot grain is ob tained by washing in the churn before the butter is " gathered." ' THE BUTTEB GLOBULE. To those who know nothing of the micros cope and its revelations, a world remains hidden of which they can have little com prehension, To the naked eye milk appears a smooth, uniform fluid. To the eye, aided by the combination of magnifying glasses, called a " miorosoope" (seer of little things), it is a transluoent fluid, in whioh floats a multitude of shining globes, and these globes are butter in its primitive state. We do not make butter when we ohurn, although we say so. When the process of churning has been continued until we can see little particles of butter in the cream, we say 14 the butter has come," and the next proceeding (after washing) is to "gatherit." But, in reality, churning is a single process. There is no difference between tbe " coming" and the " gathering," exospt that the latter is visible, while the former is invisible, to the unaided sight. All tha« we do when we agitate oream in a churn is to throw the butter globules strongly against each ofher. If the cream is too cold, we may do th's for ever, and produce no butter, for the same reason that we cannot work butter into rolls or prints, when it is too cold. The globules are too hard to stick together. They merely rattle against one another in tbe churn like peas in a bag. If the cream is too warm, we can ohurn them together and then churn them apart again, beoanse they are in too fluid a state to hold together against the action of the ohurn; Sd no butter comes in either crso-there are " witcheB in the oream." The true exoroist, in eneh trouble, is a thermemeter. 