ODE TO AN UNRIPE FRTJIT The era of " M'Cullochism's" past, Protection drives Free Trade with hoots away, Struggles with voters quieted at last, Let Peace assume uninterrupted sway. Yet they are not content, this mob, and fast They raise their voices, and like asses bray ; They plant a tree—it blossoms—they are merry, But expecting fruit, they only get a BERBY. What with scholastic rights to flog a truant Or recalcitrant schoolboy, rude or cheeky ; •What with proroguing Parliament pursuant To schemes to make the M.L.O. quite meek, he Has raised a ghost with oratory fluent, That turns out anything but psle and streaky. You've gained your point—you've taxed the squatters' land. But sacking high officials will not stand. ïliose priests of Isis who have raised her skirt May babble forth of things till now unknown ; Their tradesmen clamaraus for each owed-for shirt, .... May raise some blasts that better were unblown ; And magisterial powers o'er thrown with STUBT, May prove the BEBBY to be far o'er ęrown ; And, while to take dismissal they decline, May calmly force you Berry, to resign. The cumbrous huge machinery of State Wants constant oiling to be kept in motion ; But when the works run dry, the rust will grate, And cogwheels all refuse to do their portion. Alas ! it seems that "grease" is scarce of late, Or paying members is an awful notion ; For, as the M.L.C.'s to "part" refuse, The high official swells are found no use. Oh, Berry ! if the "susar" just were handy, What "needful olliu^" would fill the land ! With glad rejoicings .>' r their " S. and brandy" Would all the Melbourne clubites do the Turn to the people, man 1 they understand ye ! Perhaps they'll find the coin on every hand ; They know you well, they love you, they respect you— Except some ruined tradesmen, who suspect you. Take care ! your high-blown pride, likeWolsey's bladder, May burst, and leave you in a nasty fix ; Now you have reached the last rung of the ladder That you have been ascending, mind your tricks, Or you'll become a wiser man and sadder _ And leam to be more cautious on hot bricks. Oft to accomplish good one must do evil, And saints have held a candle to the devil. 'TIB but a weak Tasmanian voice you hear, But draw your horns in my Victorian, bull ; Your tether's rather long, but still I fear If you go further you will feel the pull. And friends who came to praise may stay to When with your vagaries their pates are full. And just before you're blooming—near your prime— , The tree may shake and drop you ere your tim C ' O.—H. THEAIUICAX.—From the Hobart Town papers we learn that Mr Lytton Sothern, who has finished a very successful season in Sydney, was a passenger to New Zealand by the s.s. Tararua, which called at Hobart Town on Friday. Mr Sothern gives a season in Dunedin, Wellington, and Christchurch, and on the conclusion of lus New Zealand tour, contemplates a short season in Tasmania. Mrs William Hoskins, nee Miss Florence ColviUe, who is a native of Hobart Town, arrived there by the s.s. Albion a few days ago from New Zealand, where Mr Hoskins is at present playing under engagement to Miss Ada Ward, at Christchurch. At the conclusion of the New Zealand engagement it is possible Mr and Mrs Hoskins may give a short season in Tasmania. We remark that Mr Creswick, the tragedian, is also about to visit Hobart Town. This gentleman, as our readers are doubtless aware,sustained, at the Academy of Music, Melbourne, the difficult character of "Virginius" in the tragedy of that name compiled by himself from thé writings of Sheridan Knowles. While Mr Creswick transports his audience to the time when Rome was young, and carefully banishes all modernisms from the character he sustains, he very happily eliminates the orthodox classical hero of the old Victoria Theatre type. "Virginius," therefore, rendered by a classically educated man like Mr Creswickj becomes, instead of an anachronism, as it would do in less able hands, a careful dramatic study worthy almost of Shakespeare, though to the careful reader of " CoriolanuB" and " Julius CsBsar" " Virginius" must necessarily appear somewhat faulty and meagre. Mr Creswick has also appeared as " Bamlet" and King Lèar.|Mrs Scott- Siddons will appear at the Theatre Royal for three nights during the race week. This artiste has been giving a very successful and prolonged season at Hobart Town whither she intends returning. Among her many impersonations Mrs Siddons has sustained the characters of Lady Macbeth and Eily O'Connor in the Colleen Bawn, two widely different parts which would show the versatility of her genius. According to the Hobart Town papers Mrs Siddons is an eminent artiste, and the Launceston public have a treat in store : f or them. 