-0LmPt£d\\\ There has been but little at the theatres this month to call for special notice. At the Theatre Boyal Mrs. Steele appeared on July 20 in ' Rag Fair' — a piece which failed to secure the most moderate degree of success. ' Black Sheep' and ' Leah the Forsaken' followed, in due course, after which the Duvalli sisters began an engagement in a piece of an extraordinary nature, entitled ' Wedded unto Death.' Of this piece ' Tahite,' in The Australasian, wrote : — ' It may be that ' Wedded unto Death' is a work or genius. Ana genius is always misunderstood. ±Jerhaps in fifty years or more it will be understood, and then if anybody digs up what now I am writing, it will be quoted as a curious instance of the critical beliindhandodness of this age. We can none of us do more than act according to our lights, and according to my lights this play is incom prehensible. It begins with a burial, and ends with an explanation which clears uj) nothing. Between these extremes there are graveyards, and ghosts, and acrobats, and bigamy, and masquerading, and ballets, and harp playing, and many speeches of the high-faluLin order, and weeping, and tearing of hair, and domestic quarrelling, and comic scenes whicli do not make you laugh, and tragic scenes which do make .you laugh. There are bits of dull farce, and there are bits of ' flip-flap' pantomime. There is a beadle who is frequently tripped up, and there are solemn persons who strike their foreheads with the palms of their hands, and call upon heaven, and hell, and other foreign parts to witness the correctness of their statements.' AfterAvards a still more extraordinary piece, entitled 'Our Parsons' was produced, whicli was, in fact, the stories of immorality told about certain prominent New York clergymen done into drama. Mr. John Jack and Miss Firmin. both new arrivals, have been before the public, on the boards of the .Royal, witli but a moderate amotuit of success. At the Academy of Music ' Our Girls,' after a brilliant run of 54 nights, was withdrawn, and ' Our Dad,' also by Mr. Byron, was pro duced in its place, Avith Mr. J. L. Hall in the principal character. Of his representation tlio same critic said : — ' I remember when ' Our Boys' was last played in Melbourne, the part of Middlowick was taken by a man who only made me wish that Mr. Lingard were back again. I hope never to see Tottles played by anybody but Mr. Hall. I could easily enough supjjose that the part had been written for him, it fits him so well. In the second act, wIktc Tottles is worked ivp to a burst of indignation at his wife's irregularities, Mr. Hall so entirely abandoned himself to the fwrrr of the situation, that his comic agony seemed to communicate itself to the audience. They shouted with him. In the third act, where the fun approaches the ex travagant, it was impossible not to be entirely carried away. So that the play ended in a very tumult of laughter. So interested Avas everybody, that the curtain descended before the rude people thought of getting up to save that half mimito upon which their lives teem to depend. I never fin.Av actor and audience .so completely in accord v/ifch each other. Such a feeling, of course, is a tribute to the 'talent | of the actor, and is a rare eD'ect to seo produced.' Mr. Hall Iihh sinco gone to Sydney, and avrh .succooded by -Mr. and Mrs. Morton T.'i/vare.s, in ' London Assurance ' and the ' School for Scandal.' Mrs. Tavarus, by her personal attractions, cultivated stylo, and vivacious and powerful acting, liar., taken rank with the vory best actresses OArer known to the Molbourno public. Tho Avondorful run of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin,' at tho Princess's Theatro has1 been maintained, and although, the theatre has changed' hands, and Mr. Bayless lias gone out of the management, this attractive and emotional melodrama goes on for ever. .The Opera-house changed ' Oxygen ' for 'Barney the Baron,' and the extravaganza 'Little SnoAVwhite,' pieces which did not meet Avith an immo derate success. Later still, Mr. Robertson's excellent comedy, of ' Ours' has been successfully produced at this Theatre.' 