Eacmg Ethics. BY PEGASUS. ACCORDING to the UBual cuBtom of the A.J.C., I «uppoae we may expect within a week or two, at any rate, to have the programme issued for the next Autumn Meeting at Eandwick, especially as a meet- ing of the committee is called for Monday next; and a word or two may be therefore permitted me on race programmes in general, and those of our metropolitan turf authorities in particular. The surroundings of racing in Australia have changed wonderfully during the last eight or ten years, necessitating, without a doubt, corresponding changes in the arrangement of race meetings, with regard particularly tn the con- ditions of races, amount of prizes, and the encourage- ment to be afforded to horses of this or that particular age; for, as there are five times as many foals bred each year as there used to be, it follows, aa a natural sequitur that more sport must be provided if breeders of thoroughbreds are to have the slightest chance of paying their way, either by selling or racing their youngiera. However much maybe Baid of the large amounts expended on Bandwick racecourse, of the reduction of entrance fees, and lemoning of forfeits, it still appears that the Australian Jockey Club has been the slowest tu acknowledge the necessity for a radical reform in the constitution of itB half-yearly programmes ; for while from end to end of the colonies every other club has gone in for providing Bpecial attractions for two and three year olds, with a view to their paying their way at the earliest possible age, the time honoured centuries or tn« A. J.Li. nave continued in a great measure as much ns in years gone by at the service of the anti- quated division of 5st 71b third-rate^ handicap horses. This in Any case would be undesirable, but more particularly it is BO when the old horses now to the fore form a very small portion of the aggregate numbera that race every BeaHon. Years agi», two year-old racing was almost unknown here, and even three-year-olds made but email show in our big raceB ; but now, when so much trouble and expense are lavÍBhed upon our young thoroughbreds as to make a two-year-old SB fit to race as a four-year-old UBed to be, it becomes absolutely neceBBary that provision should be made for the recoupment of thone breeders and trainers who make the outlay. We have at the autumn meeting of the Jnckev Club three raceB for two-year-olds-the Breeders' Plate, the Champagne, and the Sires' Produce Stakes-to none of which the club need add a penny ; for the subscriptions of the breeders and owners of BUPB to the finît and third. ehould be quite sufficient added money without anything from the club ; and, aB a matter of fact, there never hm been any addition made to the Cham- pagne Stakes. I hold that these Btukes should be self-supporting; and we know that our Australian Derby, Leger, and Champagne Stakes have prospered exceeding well under such a regime, thou sh our Victorian neighbours think it good to largely subsidise their rimilflr races ; and we ore often twitted by sport 1 ing authorities down there with stinginess, for not following suit. I don't think that is an error in our Jockey Club management; and even ware it so, there are a crowd of circumstances attaching to racing here, which render the large addi- tions made by the V.R.C. impossible to us. Fm hoping to see considerable differences made this time by the committee in the races cut nut to fill up the programme { and my he-pine goeB in the direction of more races for two-year-olds, or an any race more opportunities for tht-m to pay expenses, other than the handicaps with old horses ; for I feel perfectly convinced that the committee will fiud great benefit arise from shaping their improvements some- what after this fashion Of course it's too late for this year to make any alteration ; but the committee may in < future nave a century from the Breeders' Plate, without lessening the interest of that «vent ; and this century ann be utilised iu increasing some of the lenser raaes in the programme ; for if some of the ?¡ingle centuries were raised a fifty, or even doubled, it would give a better chance to those nags that just fall short of ability to hold their own among the First Kings and Chesters, and Bosworth« and Woodlands, whu ti «veep the board of ^reat events, as a r»U». Every autumn we see more and more two-year-olds contend- ing successfully, at a mile and a mile and a quarter ; for, as a proof that these youngsters do and will avail themselves of any encouragement given them, I may point out that last year for the Waverley ¡Stakes, at a mile and a quarter, open to horses that had never won a prize over £75, the five starters were all two year-olds ; and this bringB me to another matter that may well receive attention from the committee. The Maiden Plates under the old A. J. C. conditions were very important events, bringing the beat horseB in the land out; but on. an unlucky day, the conditions were altered-spoiled, I think-by the exclusion of winning two-year- olds ', ahd since then tb* races have fallen away in interest considerably. This, perhaps, might not have been the case had the distance been at the same time altered to a mile and a quarter, BO aB to admit of two-year-olds running ; bub thia was not done, and so, while a large number of what had previously been maidenB were excluded, no means were taken for filling up their places ; BO, of course, the Maiden Plate fields dwindled down to a very low ebb. Kow, there's no mistake that if the committee will alter the distance of the Maiden Plate of the Autumn to a mile and a quarter, leaving it still a sweep of ft BOVB, and adding two centuries iu stead of the Bingle one as at present, they will create a fresh interest, and bring a large field to the post, by offering a splendid chance of a good stake to the moderato two-year-ol^s a8 well na others ineli- gible for the Breeders' Flute. This latter event, as a rule, drawB but small fields, and always will BO con- tinue ; as the owners of youngsters without the ghost of a show won't pay up the £20 sweep ; but if they've no chance at six furlongs, carrying Sat 51b, that's no reason they may not travel well over a mile and a quarter, with Cat 31b up ; and so they will jump at the chance of winning £200 added money, aa well as £40 or £50 in aweepp, for an outlay of only a fiver at the post. So this makes me advo- cate the changing of Maiden Plate distance to what two- year-olds may run for, and making the prize a good one. Why I Bay the club may very fairly withdraw their century from the Breedera' Plate is that the Btake is quite large enough for the fields that go for it, and if the Maiden Plate is altered as 1 say, there will be ten or a dozen always at the post. In the last four years the Maiden Plate fields in the autumn have been as followB, 5, 4, 4, 5 ; while in the same years the Breeders' Plate has brought to the post, 4, 7. 6, 3 ; wherefore I think I have reason on my side when advocating a change. I believe there would only be necessity for taking one race out of last year's programme in order to add one race for two year-olds in addition to what. would be open to them with the Maiden Plate included, and the one that can well be done without is the Forced Handi- cap, for which " The Free" may be substituted on the laBt day, with weights to come out the night before. There will be an enormous number of two-year-olds in work by the time the Autumn meeting comes round, and the fact of there being BO many races for these young ones, will surely bring more people and horses from Melbourne than we have ever had here before. I make no apologies for broaching this subject, aB I think it one of the most important the committee can take cognizance of at present. Breeders of blood Btock will be glad to see by adver- tisement that the "Australian Stud Book," com- piled by Mr. W. O. Yuille, of Melbourne, will make its appearance in a few days, having been delayed for some time owing to the Budden death, Borne months back, of Mr. W. Yuille, jun. Thia will be a most valuable work, having been compiled with great care ; and containing, as it doe«, most of the blood stock of New South Wales, as well as Victoria, no breeder or racing man should be without it. Gentlemen who have not subscribed for the book already, can obtain it on application to me, as I am having some copies sent up immediately on publication, and shall be happy to forward any that may be required. The price, as stated in the advertisement, is two guineas. 