The Castlemaine election on Friday re sulted in the return of Professor Pearson by a majority of 255 over Mr Chapman. The voting was as follows : — Professor Pearson, 1,158 ; Mr Chapman, 903 ; Mr Gaunson. isa Mr Gaunson loses his £50 deposit. Mr G. b. Casey, Natte Yallock, and Mr r. Peacock, Warrenmang, have been ap pointed distributors of stamps under the Stamp Statute, 1869. Applications under the Land Act ap proved : — For a license — John s. Copeland, Landsborough. For leases — wm. Evans, Moyreisk ; Henry Hodgkinson, Yalong. For a grant — Sarah Eastwood, Yalong. Transfer — George Lalorto William Walker, Wavcck. The Avoca football club will meet a team from Wareek on the Avoca ground on Saturday7 next. The half-yearly meeting of the Talbot District, m.u.i.o.o.f., was held at Ma jorca on Wednesday last, Prov. g.m Walter presiding. The Avoea lodge was represented by Bro. e. b. Arnery, p.g., and apologies for absence were accepted from Bro. James Wise, the d.g.m., and Bro. Weston. The g.mk's address stated that notwithstanding the general depression in the district the Order maintained its numerical strength. a meeting of the Purple Lodge had. been held at Talbot on March 14, when two past officers had been admitted to the degree. Owing to the ab sence from the district of the d.g.m. and c.s., the lodges had not been inspected, but this matter would be attended to before the close of the year. He (the g.m.) re gretted the removal from the district of the Corresponding Secretary, Bro. Field, and his consequent resignation, and spoke in the highest terms of Bro. Field's services to the district and Order during his long tenure of ofiiec. The report was received and tidoptcd. On the recommendation of the Finance Committee (Bros. Arnery and Ilarc), accounts amounting to £61 lis lid were passed for payment. The balance- sheet for the past half-year's operations showed a balance to credit of the district fund of £106 12s od, avid the several state ments were formally adopted. The resig nation of Bro. Field, c.s., was accepted, and Bro. Rolfey, p.g. (Talbot Lodge), was appointed to the office, a special vote of thanks being passed to Bro. Field for the excellent manner iu which he had always performed his duties. Nominations were then received for the annual electiou of officers to take place in December,, as fol low : — For the Grand Master: p. Prov. d.g.m. Weston ; Deputy g.m. Wise. For Deputy Graucl Master : p.g. Denning ; p..g. Seymour; p.g. Morgan; p.g. Mason. For Corresponding Secretary : Prov. c.s. Policy. The Carisbrook delegates applied for a donation on behalf of tlie widow and orphans of a deceased member of their lodge, and after the application had been carefully considered a sum of £10 was granted. At the conclusion of the meeting the Grand Master hold a Purple Lodge, when the degree was conferred on Bro. Hare, p.g., of Majorca. The nexl meeting will be held in Avoca on the 4th December. It is said. , that the special train from Avoca to Melbourne on Friday night , rah through three of four gates' between New- stead and Castlemaine,' and also killed a bullock. The valuation of rateable property in the Shire of St. Afnaud for this year amounts to £209,040 lOs., being an advance of nearly £7,000 over the valuation of last year. The next county court will be held .at Avoca on Monday, first July. The last day for issuing summonses will 'be the 12th instant, and the last day for returning the same will he the 15th instant. The Working Miners' Company, Home- bush, report the following yields : — For the fortnight ending June 5th, ISSoz ; yield for three days ending June 8, 31oz 18dwt. It is now certain that the gallant conduct of young Pearce, at the wreck of the Loch Ard, is not to be passed over without re cognition. The Victorian Humane Socioty have determined to present him with a gold medal, the first gold medal issued by the society. The Shire Council of Winchelsea and the Geelong West Council have each started a testimonial fund for him, and the ladies of Sydney have also determined to present the youth with a token of their ad miration. a meeting of the teachers of St John's Sunday School was hold at the Church of England parsonage last evening. The business appointed for the evening was to consider matters connected with the distri bution of prizes for last year's work, but this had to be postponed for a month as the state of the fiuances had not been definitely ascertained. The superin tendent handed in a list of the children who had obtained the highest number of marks, and the new treasurer (Miss Stowe) reported favorably of the last month's col lection from parents. After transacting some routine business the meeting ad journed until the 8th July. We have received a cop7 of the lecture on " Lord Macaulay," recently delivered by Mr Peter Virtue, jun., before the Maryborough Debating Club. The lecture has been well written and shews that Mr Virtue has taken considerable trouble in preparing his subject. The adjourned ordinary meeting of the Shire Council will be held at Moonambel on Thursday next. The rain which has fallen during the last few days has been a boon to the farmers. In manj7 cases the ploughing and sowing lias been delayed, and opportunity will now be afforded for getting iu late crops, while the young wheat already above ground will also be much benefited by the change from tlie frosts which have been prevalent of late. Messrs Ecroyd and Danhy invite tenders for the purchase of the stock-in-trade and book debts of Mr m. h. Roberts, draper, of Maryborough. Tenders are to be sent in by 1 p.m. of Friday next. The man Richard Heraglity, convicted at tire Ballarat Assizes of the murder of his wife, who was to have been hanged yester day morning, was reprieved on Sunday. a strong effort was made at Ballarat to induce the Executive to extend the clemency of the Caown to Heraglity, on the ground that his crime was not premeditated, the act of vio lence .having been committed during a drunken bout ; and a numerously signed petition was presented to the Governor on Friday, the prayer of which was that the sentence might be commuted. His Excel- lenej- called a meeting of the Executive Council, which was held at the Government House on Sunday afternoon, and it was then resolved to reprieve Heraghty, and to i award the next heaviest sentence — namely, imprisonment for life, the first three years iu irons. An extraordinary meteor was seen at Cooma at three o'clock on Saturday after- noon. It appeared the size of the sun. Its course was marked by smoke, which was visible long after the meteor exploded with a rumbling noise like that of an earth- quake. It was previously seen at Kiandra. The following alteration in the regula tions relating to the transmission of packets by post will come into operation on the 1st July, viz. : — " Every packet must be sent either without a cover, (in which case it must not be fastened, whether by means of gum, wafer, sealing wax, postage stamp or otherwise), or in a cover entirely open at both ends, so as to admit of the contents being easily withdrawn for examination. For the greater security of its contents, the packet may be tied at the ends with string ; but in such cases the postmaster is autho rised to cut the string, though if lie do so, he must again tie up the packet as before." Among the many ministers who alluded on Sunday to the wreck of the Loch Ard was the Rev Thomas Jones. In speaking of the courage required by young men in the battle of life, lie incidentally referred to the bravery of Miss Carmichael and the heroism of Mr Pearce. Mr j ones (says the Telegraph) gave expression to the feel ing of thousands of people when he said, " All he wanted now was to see them mar ried to eacli other." It has been decided to hold the National Show in Geelong on the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th December. The Maryborough banks have raised the price of gold to £3 17s 3d per ounce, being an advance of 3d. a sad gun accident occurred on Thursday at Edithburg, South Australia. a young man named Roberts, a nephew of the late Judge Wearing, whose parents live iu Mel bourne, was accidentall7 shot while a friend was handing a gun up into the buggy in which he was sitting. The shot lodged in the youth's breast, and be died in a quarter of an hour. The estimated population of Victoria on the 31st March was 863,370. being an in crease of 2,5s3 on the quarter. The Speaker has issued a writ for the election of a member to serve in the Legis lative Assembly for South Gippslaiul, in the place of Dr. Macartney, deceased. The day of nomination has been fixed for the 12th, the polling day for the 19th, and the return of the writ for the 26tl\ inst. In reply to a deputation on Friday, the Chief Secretary stated that one of the first measures which would he submitted to Parliament on its re-assembling would be a bill to authorise the construction of the railway to connect Oakleigh with Mel bourne. An extraordinary story (says Friday's Herald) is related to us, which may give some comfort to believers in ghosts, if not to anyone else. At 20 minutes past five o'clock this morning, a letter sorter named Thomas Cook, who is engagedatthe g eneral Post Office, had occasion to enter a large vault or cellar used as a storeroom princi pally for empty mail bags. This is a very large place right under the main building, and the floor above is supported by strong stone columns. In other words, the place more resemble a series of vaults than an ordinary cellar. Cook, the letter sorter, avers in the most positive manner that while iu this piacc at the time mentioned this morning, he distinctly saw a shadowy white figure approach him. and pass quite close by his shoulder, and when he turned to look after if it suddenly vanished. ho is most emphatic in his statements, and evi dently belhwos thai. he li:is seeri a ghost. The story has crea ted some liii.le e'xcifem ht amongst the -.employes in the Pos.': Ofii.'.' to day, , '- There has been a good deal of excitement at- Napier lately about the supposed pre sence in the district of the murderer Sulli van. The man supposed to be Sullivan, however, is William Maskell, who came to the colony as a Fielding's immigrant in 1874\. His resemblance to Sullivan, which is very strong, caused him to be hunted from the West Coast, and he made his way over to this side. He was working lately at a farm owned by a person named Boyle, who told him that it was said to him (Boyle) that he was employing the murderer Sulli van, so Maskell had better go to Napier, to the inspector of police, and have the matter cleared up. Maskell came into town yesterday with his wife and daughter. The lodging- housekeeper turned them out into the street, as the other boarders complained of having a murderer put with them. To day he was taken to the gaol, and was shown to a prisoner who alleges that he knew Sullivan well, but this is not the man. Maskell is apparent!7 a simple, inoffensive fellow, and speaks of his persecution very mildly, but has evidently been overborne with grief, and wants the Government to send him out of the colony. he is taller than Sullivan is said to be, but resembles him a good deal, judging by photographs of that criminal. He fears that his life is not safe, as some people insist upon it that he s Sullivan, and have threatened him with violence. a matter of considerable importance to State school teachers was brought under the notice of the hon. Chief Secretary, last Friday evening, when in Geelong. Mr w. a. Ryan, a school teacher (writes the Advertiser) complained that, instead of teachers being promoted according to their merits, political influence was brought to bear, and inferior men were advanced before tlieir superiors in the art. mi Berry paid 1 Mr Ryan a very high compliment, stating that he was fully aware of his claims for promotion on account of liis abilities. At the same time he disagreed with the sys tem of political influence, and hoped to see it altered, so that school teachers would he classified, and thus all their promotion to go b7 merit. He promised to urge the matter on the attention of the Minister of Education. The Ballarat Star writes:—Henry Bowerman, charged with wounding Sue Foon in the White Horse affray, has been bailed out in the sum of £3000. It will be remembered that the City Bench on Friday, in view of Sue Foon's critical state, refused to extend Bowerman's bail. The friends of the latter, however, consented to enlarge it to the amount stated above, and the magis trates felt justified in accepting it. Sue Foon is now in a very critical condition, and seems gradually getting worse. His recovery must be looked upon as impos sible, for brain matter continues to ooze from the wound in his head. Gately has been disappointed. Monday's Ballarat Co u rier writes : — Gately, the hang man, arrived from Pentridge on Saturday, and was quartered in the Ballarat Gaol in readiness to carry out the extreme penalty upon Heraghty this morning. On hearing of the escape of what he considered his lawful prey, lie exhibited more emotion than the prisoner had. He complained loudly and strougly of the conduct of the Execu tive in thus taking away the means of his earning an honest- livelihood, and vehemently demanded his fee and the prisoner's clothes. His services will not now be required, and he will proceed back to Pentridge on Tues day morning, in company with other pri soners who were convicted at the late assizes. Heraghty, however, will uofc go to his future prison for a few days, as the warrant for liis arrival will not arrive iu time for him to be sent with the batch mentioned. At about ten o'clock last night Mr Wads- worth, the clerk of the Executive, arrived by special train from Melbourne with the reprieve, and the commutation of the sen tence to twenty years' penal servitude. The incumbent of a suburban Church of England has begun the practice of sticking up on the door every Sunday the amount of the collections on the previous Sunday. On Sunday the inscription was : — "Sunday, June 2nd — Morning, £1 13s sd ; evening, 10s 9d ? total, £2 4s od. Object : Church funds." The writing was in a feminine hand, and there was a decided vigor and flourish about it, as much as to say, "Ain't you ashamed of yourselves ?" The Otago Daily Times writes : — In con sequence of a number of minor kerosene accidents having occurred since the one which caused the death of a girl, the police have employed men who go about in plain clothes, and purchase samples of kerosene at the stores of the different dealers, for the purpose of testing, in order to ascertain where the dangerous oils now sold come from. a Ballarat correspondent writes : — " i was talking with a bunch of Old Pioneers at the Corner the other day, when two young women passed, and one of the Old Pioneers said he knew one of the girls. He said she was boru in Adelaide, and when an infant in arms, her mother, father, and another man were crossing the river Gawler, when the vehicle they were in upset, and they were all floundering in the water. All got to land but the father, who got out of his depth, and as he was throwing up his arms, and looking towards his wife and child, the man ashore seized the infant, and holding her up in her father's sight as he was sink ing shouted, ' Never mind ; i'll take care of your wife and child.' The father went down to death, and the other man married the widow. For the daughter, now. alas ! there must be from me nothingbut silence." Another ox those unaccountable tragedies which startle people now and then has to be recorded, says the Federal Standard. On Tuesday evening it became evident to bis household and the neighbors that Mr t. b. s. Smce, farmer, of Middle Indigo, was missing. a search was accordingly made for him, hut it was not until the next- mor ning that his body wa-s found suspended from the branch of a tree in Baynes's pad dock. The unfortunate man. it appeared, had exhibited for some time past aberration of intellect, and bad previously threatened to destroy himself. He was, therefore care fully watched, but this time he eluded his watchers and carried out his design by hanging himself. a magisterial inquiry was held by Mr Pooley. The funeral took place ou Thursda7, at the Chiltern Ceme tery. Mr Smee was a farmer in very com fortable circumstances, and there is nothing except sheer madness to account for his rasli act. | a Herald telegram dated Friday says : j — " Early this morning a man named Dun- can Livingstone, a. nephew of the great i explorer, slipped in some unaccountable ! manner from the ladder of the Eureka Cou- | sols shaft, Castlemaine ; the hatchways be- ! ing open lie fell to the very bottom of the i shaft. The body was quickly recovered, i but life was extinct, the remains being j much mutilated. The deceased was about i forty years of age, ami leaves a wife and child quite unprovided for." i Mr f. 0. Mason. Mr d. Slattery, Mr j j. -t. Walsh. Mr w. Gaunson, and Mr w. j'McLeilan are announced as probable eandi- | dates for the rourescafcion of South Giups- ; land. 1 Ropes are entertained at Sandhurst of a i mining revival. The gold returns for the ' week, are said to be larger than for nine i mouths past, and dividends are far t in ex- , pess of the calls. ' Mr Thomas Blackwood, of Springbank Stud Farm, near Morrisons, sends the Geelong Advertiser the following particu lars of, a singular battle between three horses belonging to him. He says — "A fine colt got his leg broken on Monday morning last, and my eldest son and I went out in the paddock to see it, leaving my youngest son, a boy, at home, where there were three entire horses standing in loose boxes. One of them — Young Victor, the well-known prizetaker — by some means got the bar of the door out, and then burst the door open and got into the paddock, where there were five horses. He made for one of the working horses, and nearly tore him to pieces. He tore the skin from his off shoulder nearly the full length of the shoulder, also from the back and head, and injured one of his eyes, and then threw him down. When another cart horse saw this, he ran up to Victor and fought with him, and drove him away, and stood over his mate and watched him. The two cart-horses were broken in together, and have worked together for nine years, and are, apparently, very fond of each other." Colonel Glover called on the Chief Secre tary on Friday, says the Age relative to the negotiations that are now pending between some of the Australian colonies and the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company. One portion of the terms of agreement pro vides that the subsidy to be paid by the the governments shall not exceed £32,400 per annum. Colonel Glover stated that he had received a telegraphic reply from his directors, and they desired that the words " not exceed" should be struck out as far as the subsidy was concerned, and that the payment to be made should be a pro rata one. The conditions of contract, as already drafted, also provide that the terms of con tract shall " not exceed twenty years." The directors desire the words " not exceed twenty years" struck out. Mr Berry will of course communicate with the other mem bers of the conference of which he was a ; member regarding tbese proposals. ; The export duty- ou wattle bark (says tbe > Argus) comes into operation on the 1st July next, and as Parliament does not meet until after that date, the Customs authori ties have no choice but to levy the duty. At tbe same time it is thoroughly understood that the duty will be repealed, and the ! money is to be taken on the understanding that it will be returned in due course, when tbe Legislature shall have passed tbe retro spective act which will be submitted to it. The Minister of Customs lias had no com- j munication with the Wattle Bark Commis- j sion, which is now preparing its report, but the evidence taken all points to the neces- j sity of regulations against wasteful strip- j ping being substituted for an export duty, and if the commission did not recommend j this step, the hon. gentleman would propose it himself. The proprietor of a hairdressing saloon in Cuba- street, Wellington, n.z., "has intro duced five female barbers into liis establish ment. The Wellington Chronicle says : — " Our representative visited the establish ment. During his sojourn in the place no less than five devoted individuals submitted themselves to be lathered by the fair crea tures and scraped, though they hadn't as much hair on their faces as would make a wig for a mosquito. It must be said that these barbers possessed charms of no ordi nary degree, and the ouly wonder seemed to be that they should choose such an oeeupa- ! tiou for the display thereof. The wonder was not diminished as through a window our reporter watched the frightful attempts made by a scorbutic youth to ogle the pretty girl who was smothering his distorted visage with soap after the most approved style. We have girls employed in all sorts of pursuits which not long ago were the sole prerogative of men, and really, why not have girls for barbers after all p Those i who used to like getting their hair cut the old ! way say the new fashion is much the nicest." a fatal accident occurred on Thursday night, about half-past 11 o'clock, at the mine of the Eureka Consols Company (says the Castlemaine Representative) to a miner named Duncan Livingstone. In company with four other men he was coming up the ladders in the shaft from the 460ft. level, he being first. When ISOft. up from the bottom he, by some means not explained, fell from the ladder to the bottom of the shaft, in which there was 5ft. of water. He was picked up by his mates, and brought to the surface in the cage, when he was found to be dead. Both of his legs and right arm were broken, and a large scalp wound on the right side of his forehead. a Cooktown telegram in Saturday's Herald says — Nine leading native chiefs, resident in the vicinity of Port Moresby, New Guinea, Lave forwarded a petition to the Governor of Queensland as follows :— " We, the undersigned chiefs, on behalf of our people resident at and near Port Moresby, New Guinea, beg to convey to his Excellency Sir Arthur Edward Kennedy, Governor and Commander-in-Chief of Queensland and its dependencies, our ear nest request that his Excellency, with the advice of the Executive Council, will, at the earliest possible opportunity, take such steps as may seem to him most suitable for governing this our territory, and for the maintenance of peace and order therein. We promise to receive kindly all officers duly appointed for this purpose by his Excellency, with the advice of the Execu tive Council ; and we further promise to assist them as far as possible in the dis charge of their duties." Writiug of the wreck of the Loch Ard and the conduct of young Pearce, the Vaga bond remarks, in the Sydney Echo : — Once again the remorseless waves have claimed their tribute of human lives, Tbe loss of the 'ill-fated Loch Ard is a sad addition to the long roll of disasters by sea. She is wrecked, and the mistakes of these who have gone down with her we will pass over in silence. But the sole male survivor exhibited such a degree of heroism — battling not only for his own life, but for that of a helpless girl — that i think public recog nition should be made thereof. Let one imagiue the long, low, narrow shore over hung by almost impassible cliffs, the howling wiud and blinding rain, the cruel waves clashing on the rocks, the sailor boy flung on tlio beach, cold, numbed, his heart nearly dead within lum. Lying with his strength almost spent, he hears from the breakers a cry for help. Then the old British spirit warms his blood ; he plunges into the waves and brings to land an all but lifeless girl. His work, however, is not half done. Further help is needed, or she will die of cold and exhaustion. His strength is weak, but his hear ist strong. i or hours ho toils, seeking a path up the steep cliffs, and at last is successful. Succour is tlicu obtained. This is a coun try of testimonials — even journalists have received such. i propose a national recog nition of the true courage and pluck of Thomas Pearce. He possesses the highest qualities of the British sailor ; aud although no honors or rewards can give him half the pleasure which lie must have experienced when he dragged his fellow-castaway ashore, still i think we should acknowledge, for our own credit, the splendid deed he has done — another added to the number of generous, noble actions which have through all time crowned the career of the British seaman. i am sure subscriptions iu aid of the above will be gladly received by the banks and leading journals in, the cofgnies. A correspondent of the Sydney Evening News writes : — The speech of the Actino-. Governor of South Australia, at the open ing of Parliament, intimates that another attempt will be made to obtain the money with which to construct a breakwater and barbor of refuge at Port Victor. For years past the public of South Australia have grumbled at the Riverine trade goin«r at most entirely into the hands of Victoria and New South Wales, and several at tempts have been made to induce Parlia ment to vote money to be expended in the improvement of the River Murray and the opening of its mouth. These attempts failed, until in the last Parliament Mr Boucaut carried a railway bill through both Houses authorising the construction of a line from Kapunda to a point on the river Murray known as the North-west Bend. This line is announced to be near completion, but it is found, as it was stated at the outset, that while it will be of considerable benefit to certain classes in South Australia, it will not materially increase the dimensions of her commerce. It is felt that if the River ine trade is to be secured, tbe river traffic must be direct to the ocean ; and it is for this reason that the Port Victor scheme is once more put before tbe public. Its chances of being adopted are far greater than they have ever been before, as the Legislative Council of South Australia has ceased to be influenced by tbe single voice of Sir Henry Ayers. If it should be adopted, Victoria and New South Wales will have to recognise South Australia as a very strong rival for the trade of the interior, for although both the two first-named colonies have done all in their power to secure the confidence and affection of the Riverina traders, they should bear in mind that com mercial men are always more grateful for favors to come than for favors received. Very serious complaints (says the Ballarat Star) are made relative to the quantity of earth brought in with the pota toes from Bungaree, and some very curious tales are told of the doings of the vendors. One dealer informs us that in one ton of potatoes he found no less than ljj ewt 2 qr 27 lb of Bungaree soil, and that the seller actually went and got liis money for the full weight, although the dirt had been shown to him. We learn, also, that in one truck of potatoes sent to Geelong there were 6 cwt of dirt, and that on all hands great dissatisfaction prevails. The effect of this fraudulent action is, to raise the price of potatoes from 3s to 4s per ton, which the public, of course, lias to pay. It is to be ; Loped that the growers will alter this state of affairs, or the dealers will have to take some decisive steps for their own protection. The Bendigo Independent relates the following ludicrous ghost story : — At the intersection of Pohlinan aud High streets, Heathcote, is situated a brewery, which has been untenanted for a long time past, and was said to have been the haunt of a ghost; some white object having frequently been seen patrolling the premises at the mystic hour. A young gentleman living not far off was escorting a young lady home one evening, some two months since, and when passing the supernatural's promenade, beheld a white object in front of him. Without more ado, he rushed forward and struck the supposed gliost a heavy blow with his walking stick. However, the ghost- proved to he substantial flesh and bone, in tlie shape of a daughter of a trooper, and | who was quietly talking at the place with a j friend sue being dressed in a light-colored I dress. Negotiations for an amicable settle- j menfe having failed, the father of the ir- jlired intends to bring an action in the County Court to recover £200 damages. It is rumored that a prize-fight for £100 a side will take place near Sydney in the course of a few days. A Sydney telegram in Thursday's Herald states that Captain Chapman, the pilot of steamer Atjeh, saw Mr Goldie. tlie New Guinea explorer, on Thursday Island, on the 23rd ult. He stated the colonist expedition party had gone inland in search of gold, but that no report had been received from them up to that time. The diggers, he stated, were all in good health. Mr Goldie was very much disinclined to give informa tion probable fearing that he might be made a tool of byjwhat- he said being used to bring about a rush, which might result in disaster, and the blame for which would fall upon him. The Ellengowan, with the Rev. ; Mr Macfarlane on board, was at the island two days later. The Boroondara Standard states that amongst the crew of the ill-fated ship Loch Ard who perished in that vessel was the only son of Mr Fineham, the well known organ builder, near Hawthorn bridge, Richmond, who was on his voyage as mid shipman, and had intended on arrival leav ing tlie sea, for tlie purpose of assisting his father iu his business. The dead body of a middle-aged man was found on Saturday morning lying on some rocks at St Kilda beach, aud was conveyed by the police to the morgue at Melbourne, where an inquest will doubtless be held to day. The deceased, who had not been pro perly identified up to yesterday, was dressed in a dark grey cloth coat and grey tweed vest and trousers, aud had ouly oue boot on. The body presented the appearance of a man having been drowned, but there were some cuts about his temples, which might have been caused by his having been knocked about tbe rocks by tbe waves. Legrand, the Victorian wire rope walker, went through an astounding performance, last Thursday, at Mossman's Bay, Sydney ou a strand of wire, stretched from cliff to cliff at an elevation of 409 feet from the bay, aud across a distance of 1800 feet. He appeared to be somewhat timid at first, but soon gained confidence, aud then skipped along lightly and gracefully over the inn! wire. Perkins, an American, also pot- formed, but he in no way excelled the I ie toriau, who showed remarkable daring and j grace, and received a complete ovation. A Mr Berthond lias been making experi" ! ments in the culture of the tea plant at Riuinymede, and is of opinion that it ran be grown successfully, and recommends other farmers to test the industry. The Commissioner of Customs has con sidered the representations made to him b) the deputation from Echuca respecting the effect produced on the redgum trade by d10 imposition of the export duty on that des cription of timber. In order to afford some relief to tbe trade Mr Lalor has decided that for the present all redgum timber gro11 in New South "Wales may be imported m bond into Victoria, and. be subsequently exported without payment of any export duty. The commissioner directed a letter to be sent- to the Mayor of Echuca convey ing the information. The Sultan has invested Osiuan Pasha with the Grand Decoration of the Osmani and the star covered with brilliants, the goa military medal, and the sword of the m Sultan. The New York Herald special cc>rr';! poudent at St Petersburg telegraphs that ot officers, masters in the Enssian navyhav started for America to take command, in rt event of war with England, of the ve.s3e,u purchased, the crews to be recruited fro Paris that numerous detachments of sailors are embarking at Haver for America- Many vessels have been purchased i Russia. , At Adelaide on Wednesday forty thousand acres of land were selected for agricutm settlement an average of £2 5s per ac i 