ROYAL SOCIETY. \----------o---------- The following paper was, on Wednesday evening last, read to members of the Royal Society by. Mr. H. C. Russell, Government Astronomer:- "SOME RESULTS OF AN ASTRONOMICAL EXPERIMENT ON THE BLUE MOUNTAINS. "It has long been my intention to make an astronomical experiment on the Blue Mountains. Four years since, when selecting the transit of Venus stations, I made a hurried trip to Woodford, for the purpose of testing the fitness of that station for observing the great event. My attention was then chiefly directed to the state of the air during the day, and it proved then and at the transit won- derfully steady and clear. I went up in June -- the depth of winter -- and although the air during the day was all that could be desired, I found that an hour after sunset there was so much motion or unsteadiness in it that its clearness was of no avail for star-work. "I wanted now particularly to test the air spectrum, and see if the lines between the Ds. were the same there as at Syd- ney. There were also several difficult questions about double stars wanting answers and a better atmosphere to get them than I have in Sydney. There were some questions about the thickness of our air currents I wished to answer. And, lastly, there was a desire that this colony should have some share in answering one of the pressing astronomical ques- tions of the day, viz. : Can anything be done by going on the hills to improve the performance of telescopes which are too powerful to use in the unsteady atmosphere of the plains? The results obtained by Piazzi Smythe, twenty years since, were quite enough to induce others to make the experiment; yet little or nothing has been done in a direc- tion that promises so much for physical astronomy. My object in going in October was to try in what may be con- sidered a mean between winter and summer, and also that I might be able to see Jupiter before he passed away to the sunlight. Woodford, 2200 feet high, was selected because the supports for the transit of Venus instruments were ready for use ; and, to a large extent, I was influenced by the kindness of A. Fairfax, Esq., who placed his country house at my disposal, and so made it unnecessary for me to encumber the expedition with tents to live in, and all the baggage that must go with them. Mr. G. D. Hirst volun- teered to go, and I was then sure of enthusiastic assist- ance. "I left Sydney on the evening of the 15th. On the morning of the 16th, at 8 a.m., the Observatory (in parts of course) and the instruments were left at Woodford by the train, and by the evening of that day, and in spite of a steady gale of wind, the observatory was up and roofed, and the heavy parts of the instrument were in places. On the second day we were able to begin observing about noon. "The instruments consisted of (1) the 7¼ -inch Mermerz telescope, with equatorial stand, clock driving gear, micro- meter, eye-pieces, &c.;, ; (2), a 4¼-inch Cooke telescope, equatorially mounted ; (3), the large spectroscope, having dispersion of 18-64 prisms, fine micrometer, and every ap- pliance to render it complete; (4), heliostat, driven by clockwork ; (5), electroscope, thermometers, &c.;, Of the quality of the 7¼ telescope I need say nothing more now than that it is a first-class instrument, as these results will show, and well adapted for the purpose. " The spectroscope was made by Hilger, of London, and at the time (1876) it was considered the most powerful and perfect one in the world. " At 11.30 a.m., of the 17th October, I began the spec- troscopic work, and was at once struck by the clear definition of the lines, the gain in clearness over the Sydney atmosphere was very striking, but the next moment I asked myself where were the lines ; instead of seven lines between the two Ds. there was but one, and on either side of them, where it is usual to see a host of lines, the spectrum was remarkable for their absence. The line D3, however, which I discovered in 1877, was visible definitely but very fine, and on very carefully examining the space between the Ds. there was a shading such as would be produced by very fine lines, too faint to be seen separately ; these observa- tions were made about noon, and I did not again look at the spectrum until near sunset, when a great change had come over it. Six lines were visible between the Ds., and the usual host on either side ; they were more clearly defined than I had over seen them before, and as the sun approached the horizon they thickened very rapidly; this will be best understood by reference to the drawings. " The 18th October proved a cloudy day and night with a light easterly wind, or sea breeze. Towards morning of the 19th, the clouds began to break, and soon after 9 a.m., the sun shone out. At 10.30 there were a few passing clouds only, but the sky was very white like it is in Sydney ; and looking at the spectrum I found six lines between the Ds. The clouds were disappearing fast, and by 11 a.m. it was difficult to make out the six lines, they were also fading fast ; on either side there seemed to be a shading such as was seen on the 17th. At noon the air lines had faded, and the spec- trum appeared as in figure 1, that is, without air lines, those shown being evidently part of the solar spectrum. At 4 p.m. seven lines could be distinctly seen between the Ds., and the first set of measures were taken ; and at 5.20 p.m., when the air lines were getting better defined, I measured 20 lines be- tween C. A. and D1., where only three lines had been seen at noon; their positions are shown in diagram 3 as well as the D. lines seen at the same time. " After these measures had been taken, the micrometer was removed, and an eyepiece that defined a little better was used, and 24 lines were counted where only 20 had been measured, and I found for the first time an eighth line be- tween the Ds., the definition was wonderfully fine and steady. Just as the sun was setting I counted 26 lines instead of the 20 above measured ; in fact, new lines seem to be coming into the spectrum every minute. These are lines produced by the absorption of our atmosphere, and it is no longer surprising that the sunlight decreases rapidly as the sun leaves the meridian. When one sees the lines starting into being like so many black strokes from a pen, each one having definitely hidden so much of the sunlight, and it is not simply by the increase in number, there is a great in- crease in thickness of most of them, and one gets fully ten times thicker on the horizon than it is on the meridian. " Another fact was now clearly made out. In Sydney, owing to unsteady definition near the horizon, I had been led to suppose that the line D. 2 became twice as thick, and that D. 3 disappeared. Now I learn that the thickening was due to D. 3, and at sunset it seemed another D. 2, and only the faintest line of light separated these lines. See diagrms 2 and 4. " While observing the spectrum to-day, I noticed a bright line near D. line 6. I have seen the same less dis- tinctly in Sydney, it was no subjective effect of contrast. Mr. Hirst also saw it very distinctly ; it is not a defined line, but a bright streak, and I find its wave length is taking a mean of three measures 5893.05. and it is worthy of note that 5894 is the position of one of the zinc lines. On the 20th October the day was fine, but the sky was streaked with cirrus ; at 12h. 30m. p.m., I can make out very faintly five lines between the Ds., but they are almost invisible, little better than shading; and between Ca. and D1 are the three lines seen yesterday and the positions of eight others, mere ghosts of themselves, can be made out. At 5h. 10m. pm., two sets of measures of the eight lines between the Ds. were taken, and line eight was estimated much the faintest of all of them. At 6.40 p.m., twenty-two lines were counted between Ca. and D1, and D3 is rapidly thickening -- it is nearly half as thick as D2 ; and line six is darker than line four which looks a little hazy. 6.50 p.m. count twenty-six lines between Ca. and D1, and the three next D1. are very dark and thick (intensity 2). '" The fourth line from D1, that is the line always there, seems to get wider at sundown without getting blacker as the others do, as if it were a double line, or that another air- line appeared alongside of it. I have several times suspected that it was double, and now I am almost sure of it. D3 at sunset nearly equal D2, and the two are only separated by the faintest streak of light. "9.25 a.m. on the 21st, I can see all the eight-lines between the Ds. faintly ; morning is warm and hazy, and a good deal of cloud about, especially in the direction of the sun. 11 h. 10m., the air lines are rapidly fading ; line four does not seem changed, but the others are more or less in- visible. " Measures of the lines between the two Ds. mean of three, taken at Woodford, on the afternoons of 19th October, 1878, 4 p.m., and 21st October, 5.10. The measures are taken from line to line, and represent parts of the micrometer. The whole distance DI to D2 is covered by 2.655n parts of the micrometer :-- DI 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 D2 D3 | 336 | 306 | 360 | 356 | .203 | .256 | .263 | .346 | 131 | 201 | Some of the members present may remember that, when I brought my Sydney measures of the D line before you last year, I produced a copy of Dr. Huggins's drawing of the D lines at Oxford, and those of Colonel Campbell at London. Since then I have received from Dr. Huggins a more com- plete and perfect copy of his drawing of the lines between the Ds. and it is interesting to compare it with those observed here ; there is very little similarity between his drawings and mine. From Mr. Hilger, the maker of my spectroscope, I learn that, before he sent it out, he tried it in London, and saw twenty- four lines between the Ds. ; unfortunately, I have no drawing or measure of these. These facts point clearly to the conclusion which I brought before you, viz., that our atmosphere contained much less of that absorptive matter, whatever that might be, than does the atmosphere of England, and especially London. Knowing the proverbially clear atmosphere of our western hills, I was the more anxious to test this question of purity by means of the large spectroscope, and see if we might affirm that it stood the test. Now the facts which I have brought before you do this most emphatically ; on a fine clear day, with dry wind on the mountains, at noon there is not a single line due to the absorption of the atmosphere in the part of it examined ; but, as the sun sinks to the west, they gradually appear; and when he is setting, and the vapours begin to condense about the hills, the lines stand out conspicuously ; or let an easterly breeze bring the mois- ture from the sea, and at once the lines appear at noon. Of course I have been dealing with only a small fraction of the solar spectrum, to take the whole in such detail would require the labour of a life, and would, I am sure, well repay it. My time was but a few days (three and a half only available for the purpose), and I could of course only take a small part ; but it may very fairly be taken as a sample of the whole, and there can, I think, be no doubt that the cause of these lines is water vapour, and that if any of the 24 lines which are visible in London are due to gases which are the product of manufactures, we in Sydney have so far not contaminated the air in this way ; for the lines visible in Sydney are likewise visible upon the mountains, when there is sufficient moisture present for the purpose. It was a sight never to be forgotten, to see in the splendid definition of the mountain air, the clear solar spec- trum, and then, as the day waned, line after line coming into view as if drawn with a pen, and getting blacker and more defined as the sun neares the horizon. The line which I have called D3 is a wonder. At midday it is a fine thin line, and at sunset it is fully ten times darker. With regard to the line 8, which I have never seen in Sydney, I feel sure it would be visible were the air steady enough. I have observed a shading there, but could never see the line. With regard to the other portion, Ca to DI, mapped at Woodford, I cannot say much, for it has not yet been mapped in Sydney. It is a perfect mine of air lines. How many would be found in it in London it is hard to say, but towards sunset the lines seemed almost to cut out the sunlight. "Now, with regard to telescopic work. On the 16th October the day proved as fine as the one which preceded it, and which had been lost in erecting the observatory. About noon on 16th the telescope was turned to the sun, and its edge and surface markings were beautifully seen, but not a spot was visible whose changes we could record. There were many exclamations from the observers about fine defi- nitions, but we wanted spots, and could not find even the faculae which precede them ; for once the sun was spotless. Several stars were observed in the sunlight with the object of adjusting the instrument, but the sharp clear discs which they presented gave us abundant proof of the good observing quality of the air. At night the feature that seemed most striking at first was the perfect blackness of the sky. There was no white halo round Jupiter forming a bright background ; and my notes are full of such remarks as ('planet seems hung in a perfectly black sky'), but as one looked, the perfect clearness and definition, but perhaps most striking, the clearness, gave us views of Jupiter such as I think I never saw equalled. There was such an amount of detail that the eye scarcely took it all in before the scene changed by the rotation of the planet. As to drawing it all, that was out of the question. Mr. Hirst and I both tried, and I am sure he will bear me out when I say that the drawings only show a fraction of what we saw. " It was just before and after sunset that the air seemed so perfectly steady; later in the evening there was a little motion, but it was nothing like so much as I had seen when on the mountains in the winter of 1874. " I had selected some severe star tests, as a trial of the observing quality of the mountain air, and when I turned the telescope to the stars I was not disappointed. The companion to Rigel has recently been found itself to be a double star by one of the keenest of American observers; he was led to think it was double with a telescope of 6 inches aperture ; but it required all the power of one of 18½ inches to place the matter beyond question. You may judge, therefore, that we looked for this closest of known double start with considerable interest on the first available night, and the old 7¼ inch telescope fully maintained its first-class character ; ww used a power of 800, the highest I had, with advantage, and directly I looked at the companion to Rigel I saw it elongated, and it appears so with all powers over 400. It was evident that the components were unequal, the smaller one following; independently Mr. Hirst and myself observed it, and agreed in assigning the position angle of 64°, and in moments of best-definition, for at midnight the air was not so steady as it was at sunset, the star seemed to me clearly divided with a magnifying power of 800, though I am sure, the distance cannot be more than one quarter of a second. As proof of the definition, it may be mentioned that under such a high power Rigel pre- sents a hard and clearly defined disc. " On the 20th he was again examined, and Mr. Fairfax in- dependently made the angle the same ; there could therefore be no question as to what it was, and I was not a little sur- prised to find, on reference to Mr. Burnham's position, that he made it 179°. This is very remarkable. I am confident the result at Woodford is as correct as such an observation can be, and I have confirmed it with the large telescope in Sydney. If Mr. Burnham's observations are right, then we shall have a most wonderful double star, as well as the most difficult known, for his observations were made in February and March, 1878, this year, and our observations point to a change of angle of 115°. The distance as esti- mated cannot be more than a quarter of a second. Of other stars, a great many were examined ; Alpha Indi had been suspected of duplicity in Sydney, but on the mountains his character was restored as a well-defined, round star, and single. On the 17th, when looking about, I found a very beautiful double star that is not in Herschel's catalogue, and I do not remember having seen it before. Its right acension is 21h. 28m., and declination south 83.20, the magni- tudes are 9 and 10 -- the larger one white, and the small one bright blue -- 2.82 sec. distance, and angle 112.10. " Herschel's double 5326 cannot be found, there is no such double in the place he assigns, and there must be either a mistake in his catalogue, which is probable, or a dis- appearance of one of the stars. " 6326 in Herschel's catalogue was examined, the stars are fully a magnitude less than he estimated them, and are now 10 magnitude. "H. 6221 seems to be an error in Herschel's list-angle is given 124. , it is now only 49.18' ; distance, 10.29. " 5132 H's angle of this star is 180° in error, it should be 31.2. " Examined H. 3419. He says nothing about colour in either star ; as seen on the mountains, the larger star was greenish yellow and the companion copper red. On 13th August, 1873, I discovered a very pretty double star, R.A. 18 h. 21 m., dec. 66.22, large one yellow, other blue, dis- tance 5.02 secs., angle 295.14. This was re-examined at Woodford, where it seemed a beautiful object with the same colours ; but the distance measured there is 3.79 secs., and angle 288.43, so that there appears to be decided and rapid motion in this pair. " At 1 h. 34 m. R.A. and dec. 56.41, found a very pretty double star, both components yellow, and of 7th magnitude ; distance is 6.28 min. and angle 235.0. "Many other stars were examined, and some questions raised about double stars, which there was not time to answer at Woodford. " Some time was given to Saturn, and clear views obtained, but the planet is not in a good position for observation just now, for it is very difficult to tell whether a dark line which appears across his body is wholly the shadow of the ring or made up of that and the dark line which I found four years since, and which, it appeared, at that time had not been seen in Europe, at least when I was there. All that I asked about replied they had not seen it. If it alone is the cause of the dark line on Saturn, it is getting very muoh broader, and is now an object for a very small telescope. " On the afternoon of the 20th October, watched the third satellite as a dark body crossing the disc. It seemed remarkably small, and the definition was splendid. As it neared Jupiter's limb, the blackness seemed to get hazy, as if it were seen through a mist, and at 7 h. 27 m. p.m. I lost sight of it ; four minutes later it was detected as a small bright bulge on the limb of Jupiter, and its white edge against the black sky background looked whiter than the edge of Jupiter. At 7 h. 33 m. 40 s. egress was complete, and there was nothing about its bright appearance then that would have given rise to the suspicion that it was black a few minutes before. "During the daylight hours, when I was at work with the spectroscope, Mr. Hirst employed some of his time in looking up Venus near the sun, and many other objects, principally well-known double stars : and of these some splendid views were obtained, but nothing about which I wish now to detain you, until the morning of the 21st, at 9.5, when, on looking at the moon, he found that a large part of it was covered with a dark shade, quite as dark as the shadow of the earth during an eclipse of the moon. Its outline was generally circular, and it seemed to be fainter near its edges. Conspicuous bright spots on the moon could be seen through it, but it quite obliterated the view of about half of the moon's terminator (or that part where the sunlight ends), while those parts of the terminator not in the shadow could be very distinctly seen. I should estimate the diameter of the shadow from the part we could see on the moon at about three-fourths that of the moon. " This is one of those remarkable facts which, being seen, should be recorded, although no explanation can at present be offered. One can hardly resist the conviction that it was a shadow, yet it could not be the shadow of any known body, and if produced by a comet it must be one of more than ordinary density, although dark bodies have been seen crossing the sun, which were doubtless comets. No change in the position of the shade could be detected after three hours' watching. Mr. Hirst has faithfully copied on this paper what he saw. " I went prepared to make some experiments upon, the thickness or the air currents, and also of the electrical condition of the air strata, but in this matter I was disap- pointed ; although we made every effort to get kites up above the lower current it was useless. Although on the afternoon of the 17th, in a moderate north-westerly wind, we managed to get the large kite up about 1000 feet, there was no sign of another current, and very little electrical effect. Mr. Hirst's experience with electrical kites became valuable, and he constructed a smaller one, which was attached to the large one, and thus we hoped to get it high enough ; but on the 18th the westerly wind was done, and we got a light easterly, which would not raise our kites. The small one was tried time after time and rose to about 100 feet, when it seemed suddenly to lose the wind and no amount of vigorous running would take it higher. Whether this represented the thickness of the light easterly wind I cannot say, because it was so puffy on the surface that it seemed more probable the kite fell in one of the lulls. On the 19th, with light easterly wind, an altitude of about 400 feet was reached, but no amount of professional effort would get it higher, and the work with so small a result was gotting wearisome. On the 21st we had a return of the westerly wind and our hopes revived, but were again disappointed. One fact, however, is worth recording. At 10.30 a.m., the kites would rise from 100 to 200 feet, and then begin gyrating, as if the air was full of eddies : and When the two were flying together, the smaller flying above the large one, and attached to it, the direction of the two strings sometimes included an angle of 40°. In one observation the string of the large (lower) kite, pointed E.S.E., while the small (upper) one pointed E.N.E., and yet their heights were respectively 100 and 200 feet. About 11 a.m. things were improving an altitude of some 300 feet was attained, with wind from W.N.W. ; and then suddenly the wind dropped, another proof that these were merely local eddies in which we had been trying to raise the kites. " It was remaikable that during the time we were there little or no electrical indications could be obtained with a delicate gold-leaf electroscope, even when the air was dry and matches for collecting it were burnt. Some experi- ments were made on a warm dry day (October 21) on the electroscope. A single rub with a white felt hat made the leaves diverge to the horizontal point, and they stood for a few seconds inclined 60°, and did not come together for two minutes. Mr. Hirst then stood on an old bottle that was found on the ground, and he put one hand on the electro- scope, and directly I rubbed any part of his clothes with a piece of glass, a divergence of somo 20° was obtained. One afternoon, when tired of attemts to measure what we could not get (atmospheric electricity), Mr. Hirst took the electro- scope to a place where the telegraph lines were within reach, and hung it on one wire after another, without get- ting a sign of anything -- which was the more remarkable, as there were thunder clouds in the distance, and these wires passed right over the mountains. " I will not detain you with any speculations about what on observer might see in a mountain atmosphere, but it is right to say one word about the weather, for some weeks before the 16th October the weather had been very un- favourable in Sydney for observations ; and during the time I was on the mountains, although it was fine in Sydney on the same nights it was fine at Woodford, yet there was no improvement in the atmosphere generally affecting both places, the gain which I have described was clearly owing to the fact that we were 2200 feet higher, and therefore avoided so much of the worst part of the air nuisance (for such an astronomer may fairly call it). Could he but look through a vacuum, many a question that takes years of patient labour to answer would be decided in a single, glance." 