Turf Notes, BY VENISON, THE North Australian Jockey Club at Ipswich have followed the lead of the Queensland Turf Club, and have resolved to aid their brethren of that corporation, and to air the month of October with a couple of good rousing hot days' racing. No more of your four races per diem for three days 1 Nous avons changé tout eels, and the sport while it lasts will be sport. Nearly £900 will be thrown at the heads of the successful horse owners during the two days, making, with the Brisbane prizes, the very tidy total of some £2500 of added money at the two meetings. The first day, October 10, commences with the old time-honored hurdle race, three times round, over the same old nine hurdles well planted in the hard- baked, smooth, shiny old black clay, from which the limestone rocks crop out (what shocking bad tea, by the way, does the water of this same limestone country make, but what lots of backbone there is in the mon I it's all the time, you know I). It is a good idea to have the hurdle race first, as the falling will be Bofter then than afterwards, and they do tumble off sometimes even at Ipswich. A mile and a quarter at weight-for-age is the condition of the Bremer Plate of fifty sovereigns, the next race in order. Then comes the Ipswich Cup, a mile and a-half handicap for a hundred and a-half of sovereigns, and I am glad to see that Ipswich runs its Cup, like Melbourne, in the spring. Then comes the curious "Johnny Gilpin" stakes whom the prize is supposed to pay for the horse, who has, in reality, to be given away after winning the race one mile, and weight-for-age ; the time will not be under " 1.45," I am open to bet. The Flying Handicap of one who follows it, and will be sure of having a liberal entry. The distance suits a large number of horses, and yet it is just far enough to allow of a moderately bad start being got over by the one left behind provided that the handicap be made by " a workman." The day concludes with a 9at. ding-dong for all rough-and-ready sugar, for a £10 note, over a mile and a distance. The weather will be dry, the course hard, and "How's your poor feet 1" the question of the day after this race. The second day opens the ball with a Selling Hurdle Race, the terms of which seem to point to there being some good Reapers to be had cheap about Ipswich. They are expected to clear six hurdles in two miles, each hurdle 42in, high, and each horse is to be priced at from £15 to £30 per head ; weights, from Out. to rest. Then comes the Maiden Plate, of which I need only say it in the usual mile and a-half, and £75 prize The head prize of the meeting is the N.A. J.C. Spring Handicap of £200 with £7 sweep", the second horse getting thirty, and the third fifteen aoveroigUB from the prize, which arrangement, I fancy, will sweep all the sweeps out of the winner's pocket, and he will be lucky if he got the net £200. The next event is the Grange Park Stakes, a sort of compromise between the Derby and Middle Park Plate manage. The weights and distance suit a two-year-old, but the race is for three-year-olds. But it is early in the season, SO let that pass. A small weight for-age Selling Stakes and the Forced Handicap wind up a programme which should answer and silence all the objections raised to the linked sweetness long drawn out that so many (as tidious people objected to at the autumn meeting at Ipswich. A neat card issued by Mr. D. T. Keogh, the secretary, shows at a glance the price current of the nomination, acceptance, and sweep amount of each, how and when payable, etc, in a tabulated form that speaks well for the progress in method and " how-to-do-it" that has taken place in racing arrangements in some parts of Queensland. [Since writing the foregoing, I have received a notice that Mr. D. T. Keogh complains very strongly that Ipswich] races are persistently ignored " in " Vouisou I" Silence and a shrug are the only befitting replies to such atrocious untruths, which are now becoming a sort of standing joke, and a very poor one too. The autumn programme was fully reviewed soon after Christmas,] The result of the Epsom Derby, that grand fifty sovereign sweepstakes for the select three year-olds of England, affords another proof of the high qualities of the Speculum stock. His son Rosebery was the only horse that ever won the Cesarewitch and Ciunbi ligature double, a most difficult feat to perform in picking up a very long and very short distance handicap in one season from a boat of able competitors at both distances. Then we have Kaleidoscope, who won the great Lincolnshire Handicap of £1000, with a sweep of £20, over a straight one-mile course. He was by Speculum from Recluse, and defeated Cradle, Touchet, Twine the Paid on, Ghost, Organist, and a host beside of winning and handicap talent in the said race and now another son of his has been credited with the blue ribbon of 18/8. Speculum was foaled in 1895, and as a three-year-old, carrying 8st. 12lbs., he won the City and Suburban Handicap. Sefton is the first Derby winner he has got. Dutch Skater, the sire of Insuhiiio (the second horse in the Guineas and Derby, and the winner of the French Blue Ribbon), won the Doncaster Cup of 1872, as a six-year-old, carrying 9st. Count Lagrange should be satisfied ; he has a good horse, and one that will do him credit wherever he runs. The indomitable Lord Falmouth gets the place this time with Childeric, who ran third. His cattle, as usual, are hard to shake off. In the running for the Oaks Stakes at Epsom, we find the " bloated aristocrats " of old England in great force, and nothing under the rank of an earl can get a place there. Lord Falmouth is not to be denied this time, and the extra half-mile suffices to place the double winner of the One Thousand and Two Thousand Guineas in the second position only, while Count Lagrange, if he cannot be there with his Insulaire, is at all events resolved to score one trick at this three card loo with the daughter of Mortcuiar and Regalia, parents of renown and high degree for is not Mortomar the sire of Cliatnaiit and many another grand one? These three lords, Falmouth. Lonsdale, and Lagrange, have each and all of them acquired a good old-fashioned habit of winning or getting placed in nearly every race they contend for. There are no " it's " or ex- cases, or "if it hadn't been for this, or that," about them. They are practical folks, and I say of them, Of the old song says of the successful cricketer, " give me the man who scores." Rockhampton races eventuated in good contests, the time being made superior to all that had hitherto been negotiated on the banks of the Fitzroy. The money, it is true, left the country, but SO it did at Brisbane last March ; but the racing-the article, you soo-was worth the money. Greek met Greek ; no tame walk over or monotonous sweeping of the board tended to make the club regret that toilsome scraping together of the doubloons that must and does, in this part of the world, precede and follow any grand coup in the race meeting line. ONE day a Turkish joker borrowed a great kettle of a neighbour. When he had done with it he returned it, and a little saucepan along with it. The neighbor asked what this meant, whereupon the joker said, " The kettle had a young one, On hearing this, the neighbors readily accepted both. Some time afterwards the joker again borrowed the kettle, but, after waiting a long time to have it returned, the owner at last went for it, and knocked at the joker's door. "What do you want of me?" "I want my kettle," replied the neighbor. "I see that you look quite well yourself ; but I am very sorry to say that your kettle is dead, returned the humourist, " Nonsense I Kettles don't die," cried the neighbor. " Certainly they do," opposed the joker. " If a kettle can have a young one, it can die," YOUNG BUNGAL. With evident faith in his qualifications, an educated Bengali youth lately wrote to a British deputy commissioner asking for employment. His letter was addressed OB follows :-" I, the student entrance class of the school, undersigned, most respectfully beg to offer myself a Candidate for a Service under your Mortified feeling, which I have a clear hope, and entirely out of secret errors in my mind, will not fail to enlist my name. It will not be out of its place to add here regarding my qualifications that I appeared last year in the university examination. Let me Conclude, adding that if I be so fortunate as to have the post for I hope, I will not fail to give you very satisfaction in the faithful discharge of the duties that will confer upon me." AN elderly maiden, who had suffered some disappointments, thus defines the human race Man, a conglomerate mass of hair, tobacco smoke, confusion, conceit, and boots. Woman, the waiter, perforce, on the aforesaid animal. 