HISTORIC SLANG. » You cannot say Bo! to a goose.' How ofteu havo we relioved our feelings of irritation at the weakness of others by hurling this phrase at them I Had they only known its origin, they could have paid us back in our own coin, and mado us foel very small indeed. But though we almost hesitate to arm them with a weapon which they may turn against ourselves, we must; vu tuuDwiuu tious, and do what wo havo undertaken. The 6tory is this: 44 When Ben Jouson, tho drama tist, was introduced to a nobleman the peer was so struck with his homely appearance that he exclaimed, 'What! you are Ben Jouson? Why, you look as if you could not say Bo 1 to a gooso.' 14 Bo !' exclaimed the witty drama tist, turning to the peer and making his bow. From geese we pass on to cats, which are very emblematic in slang, and in the phrase 44 Letting tho cat out of the bag' wo are re minded of its thievish ancestry. 44 It was formerly a trick amongst country folkB ^ to substitute a cat for a sucking pig, and bring it iu a bag t:- market. If any greenhorn chose to buy a pig in a poke — that is, a blind bargain without examining tho contents of the bag— all very ; but if ho opened the sack 4 he let tho cut out of the bag,' and tho trick wdh discovered.' And so tho phrase passed into common uso as applying to anyone who let out a secret. 4» Who will bell the cat?' became another peculiar phrase, and ib takeu from the fable of the cunning old mouse who suggested that they should bang a bell round the cat'B neck so that duo warning might ho had of her approach. Tho idea was approved of by all the mice present ; there was only one draw back to it: 44 Who was to hang the bell round the cat's neck?' or in shorter words, 44 Who was to bell tho cat ? ' Not ono of them was found ready to run tho risk of sacrificing his own life for the safety of the others, which is now the recognised meaning of the proverb, 41 Ficrhtinir like Kilkenny cats,' is another slang simile, taken from a story that two cats once fought so furiously in a saw pit that they left nothing behind them but their tails, which story is an allegory, and supposed to represent two towns in Kilkenny that contended so 44 stoutly about boundaries and rights to the end of the seven teenth century that they mutually impoverished each other.' How common is the expression 44 Oh, she is down in tbe dumps' — that is, out of Bpirits. This iB a very ancient slang phrase, and is supposed to bo derived from 'Dumpos, king of Fgypt, who built a pyramid aud died from melancholy ; so that the thieves und gipsies are not all to blame for haviug given us a few expressive words ! We next come upon a word full of pathetic meaning for many of ue ; it is the ghost that haunts us at Christmas time, aud pureucB us moxo or leBs throughout the new year — it is the word 44 dun.' It iB a word of consequence, for it is at once a verb and a noun, aud is derived from tbe Saxou word 44 dunan,' to din or clamour. It oweB its immortality — so tradition says — to baring been the surnamo of one Joe l)un, a famous bailiff of Lincoln in the reign of Henry VU., who was so active and dexierouB in collecting bud debts that when anyone be came 44 slow to pay,' the neighbours' used to say, 44 Dun him that is, send Dun after him. 44 Draw it mild ' and u come it strong ' have their origin in mu6ic, being the the terms used by the leader of an orchestra when he wishes his violin players to play loud or gently. : From this thoy passed into synonyms for ex aggerators and boasters, who are requested either to moderate their statements or to astonish their audience. The word *4 coach' in these days is a painfully familiur one, as parents know who have to empluy tutors to assist 44 cam' necessary for competitive examination. The woxd is of university origin, and can boast of a logical etymology, it is a puu upon the term 44 getting on fast.' To get on fast you must take a coach ; you cannot get on fust in learning without a private tutor — ergu, a pri vate tutor is a coach. Another familiar word in university slaDg is 41 a regular brick ; that is a jolly good fellow ; and how the similie is logi cally deduced is amusing enough. A brick is 44 deep-red,' so a 44 deep-read' mau is a brick. To read like a brick is to read uutil you are deep 44 read.' A deep rcud-man, is iu univer sity phrase, a 44 good man a good man is a 44 jolly fellow ' with non- reading men ; ergo, a jolly fellow is a 44 brick.' — From 44 Chambers' Journal. 