? THE BARQUE STAB QUEEM.—The latest telegrams from Fremantle concerning the Star Queen state that she is making very little water, that a portion of the cargo has been lightered, and that she is expected to float off within the course of Friday without much damage being done to her. PUBLIC PENS.—If any public- spirited liberalminded man wishes to win a world of good opinion he may find an easy way to do it by bequeathing a complete set of new peDS to some of our institutions, the Law Courts especially, for there are pens there most " ancisnt of days" and stubborn as an unwilling witness. In the Police Court there are, in addition to a dozen or so of rusted useless nibs, three venerable " magnum bonums" which have served the public faithfully for more than seven years to the certain knowledge of the unfortunate " habitues" who have to use them, and there are others in the tLocal and Insolvency Courts which were there when the oldest inhabitant was in his prime. A new pen in these places wouI<l be hsiled with unmixed satisfaction by the Bar, Press, and public, and perhaps tend to make the caligraphy of the Court scriveners more decipherable. Verbum sap. HUNTING.—Several members of the Adelaide Hunt Club turned out on Thursday, August 1, at Hilton, and had a spin across soaie very stiff country, winding up at the Butts. Amongst those present were Mr. J. L. Stirling (the Master) on Sheet Anchor, Mr. Barker on Yambro, Mr. Ferry -on Frank Hewitt, Mr. Moore on Garryowen, Mr. Turner on Meteor, Mr. Wigley on Casterton, Mr. Parr on Glenooe, Mr. Pegler on Benicia Boy, Mr. Eearnan «n Swordsman, Beauchamp on Warrior, Mr. Baker on Moidore, Mr. L. McDonald on The Ghost, and a stranger on a.pony, who jumped well,«nd finished up pluckily bareheaded. The run was a very stiff awkward one, with some of "the wire fences strapped down. Warrior fell the third fence, eiving Beauchamp a heavy come down: Frank Hewitt caxcc down twice, and Sheet Anchor was also amongst those that made mistakes. THE DEBASING SEASON.—The advanced guard of shearers—a party of about 20 in numberwere dispatched'on Friday morning by Mr. W R. Hunt, -of the Labour Office, for Mr. H. B. Hughes's station at Kinchiga, on the Darling. This, the -first company of the season to leave Adelaide, will be followed shortly by about 200 men for Mount Gipps, Wilpena, Coorona, Birnbowrie, Qutalpa, Oulaina, .Kiiikala, Pibtinittiappa, Wongradlidnie, Franklin Harbour, and other smaller sheds. TYPHOID FEVER FBOJC BAD MILE.—The Melbourne Argus is informed by a correspondent that "typhoid fever exists to a large extent in West Melbourne and Hotham, and in ttie localities bordering upon the marsh known as the West Melbourne Swamp it is to be found in its most virulent form. Sccres of children and a number of adults are .prostrated by this disease, and the residents are beginning to agitate in regard to its cause. There are some who believe that it arises from the exhalations from the swamp, into which nearly the whole of the drainage of-Hotham and West Melbourne flows, while ^others are of opinion that it h«g been disseminated by means of the milk taken from cows which ore allowed to feed in the swamp. It is certainly a fact that a large number of cows are sent for pasture to the swamp, into which they wade up to the belly, and I am informed that they are driven home and milked while still reeking with the filth of the morass. Whatever be the origin of the disease, however, it is certain -that it exists to a greater extent near the swamp than in any other part of either Melbourne or Hotham." BANKERS' CLCB.—On Thursday evening, August 1, a meeting of tbe officers of the various Banks in Adelaide was held at Cohen's-Buildings for the purpose of forming a Backers' Club. There was a large attendance, and it was decided to accept the offer of a lease of tbe upper floor of Coben's-Buildings for the above object. In view of the late discussion as to Bank officers bei.ig compelled to make use of hotels for meals and otherwise, it was suggested that a room might be set apart for a luncheon-room, and it was further thought that a Club might lead to the formation of a Bank Clerks' Association, which would have for its object the furtherance of all matters of interest attaching to those concerned. Provision was made for the admission of country members, and a Committee representative of all the Banks was formed. RSFORTBD OUTBBEAK OF SCAB IN TASUANIA, —The Chief Secretary has courteously handed us the following letter, which he has received from the Chief Secretary of Hbbart Town, dated Jaly 24:—"Publicity having been given in Melbourne to an unfounded report of an outbreak of scab in this colony, I am induced to forward for your information copies of a correspondence upon the subject which clearly proves that in Tasmania the flocks of stud sheep are so situated that it is impossible for scab to make its appearance through contact with' dissased sheep, and in fact that with one solitary exception every district is now perfectly clean. I shall feci obliged by your contradicting any reports that may be circulated in your colony arising out, of this late rumour, as their circulation would tend to jeopardize the trade in stud sheep, .which is .of mutual advantage to the flockowners of Tasmania and your colony." The reports accompanying the letter con&rm; the statement that the,report was unfounded. CEOBCH OF EXGLAKD SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION. —The usual monthly Committee meeting of the Church of England .Sunday-school Union was held in the Church Offiee on Tuesday evening. There were present—Mr. Vice-President Holmes (in the chair), the Betr. R. Reid, and lay representatives from Trinity, .St. John's, St. Paul's, St. Luke's, Norwood, KLensisgton, and Moonta Schools. A class-register suitable for general use was adopted; and Messrs. Grundy, Moncrieff, and the Secretary were appointed a Sub- Committee to make arrangements for the next quarterly meeting. BUEBA BATRFAIX.—The Burra rainfall of the 25th nit. should have been 0 550, but through an error in copying in the Telegraph Office it was altered to 0*050, and so appeared in our paper. -An inventor says:—" Our latest lawn mower eats the grass eS like a cow, but it doesn't cost us much for provender; and truth compels me to^add that it doesn't give as much milk either." " Have you damp sheets in your house ?" asked a guest of a manager of a fashionable hotel, as he registered his name. " No," replied the manager; " but m have a pair damped for ou if you wisb jt." Tbe stranger retired, STRANDING OF THE ELLERBANK.—The Marine Board met on Thursday, August 1, to pronounce judgment in a preliminary enquiry as to the stranding of the Ellerbank at Point Malcolm on the night of July 18. The President (Captain 11\. H. Ferguson, S.M.) read the following decision, which was also signed by Captains J. W. Smith, J.P., and D. Tapley, and Mr. J. Formby, J P., Wardens.—" The Marine Board is of opinion, that the grounding of tbe ship Ellerbank on the night of July 18 was occasioned (so far as the evidence adduced goes to show) by the vessel's compasses being defective throughout the passage, and that this waB no doubt caused by an almost entire cargo of railway iron. The lead appears to have been attended to in approaching the anchorage, but the vessel got into a position different to that which the master supposed she was in, the weather at the time being so thick and squally as occasionally to obscure the Port Adelaide light. Under the circumstances the Board consider that the prndent course would have been to have put the vessel's head to sea to await daylight; otherwise the conduct of the master appears to be free from blame. The Board therefore finds:—• That no evidence has been adduced upon which to found a charge against the.master.'" CLOSING OF JAVA TELEGRAPH AT NIGHT.—We understand from the Superintendent of Telegraphs that the Government of Netherlands- India has notified that the arrangements made for keeping the Java telegraph lines open during the night have now ceased. VESSELS IN HAEBOTJE.—On August 1 the shipping lying in Port Adelaide, excluding Government vessels, hulks, and craft under 20 tons, was represented by about 73 vessels, of a total tonnage of 20,082 tons register. Of these 7 were steamers, 7 ships, 12 barques, 5 barquettes, 3 brigs, 6 brigantines or schooners, 26 ketches, 2 barges, and 5 cutters, averaging per vessel, say 274 tons. Those arriving from extracolonial ports numbered 14, and represented 11,835 tons. Of these 7 were ships, 6 barques, and 1 was a barquette, the average tonnage per vessel being, say 845 tons. The intercolonial list showed 15 vessels, composed of 5 barques, 4 barquettes, 3 brigs, 2 brigantines, and 1 steamer, the total tonnage being 5,052, and the average per vessel 337 tons. The coasting trade displayed the largest number of vessels, there being something like 44 vessels, made up of 1 barque, 6 steamers, 4 schooners, 26 ketches, 2 barges, and 5 cutters; the total' tonnage was 3,195, and the average per vessel 72 tons. The above figures relate to one day only, but they afford an approximate idea of the shipping at the Port during the past month. In the middle of June last there were estimated to be 84 vessels in harbour, having a total registered tonnage of 20,000, or an average per vessel of 238 tons. INFLUX OF CHINESE INTO AUSTRALIA.—The question of the influx of Chinese into New South Wales is occasioning considerable interest in Sydney. A meeting under the auspices of the Trades and Labour Council of Sydney, at which 1,500 persons were present, was held on the 23rd ult. to protest against the influx of the Chinese. The prevailing opinion among the better class of mechanics and artisans was, say the local journals, that the Chinamen already in New South Wales should not be molested or harshly treated, but that emigration from the Flowery Land should be checked, instantly. The following resolution was carried:—"That this meeting is of opinion that the present influx of Chinese into the colony is opposed to sound policy and the best interests of its inhabitants, as it has a demoralizing effect upon the moral and social condition of the community, and demands immediate legislation for its prevention." It was also decided that the resolution should be embodied in a petition for presentation to Parliament. In Queensland excitement upon the same subject exists in another form. A rash has taken place en the river at Palmersville, and the Europeans there have announced t ^eir intention of driving all the Chinese off the ground. It is feared that bloodshed will take place. THE THT-E REAEOH OF MR. CASHY'S RETCEN TO VICTORIA.— We don't think the true story of the reason why the Victorian representative at the Paris Exhibition returned so suddenly to the colony (remarks the Creswick Advertiser) has yet been told te a confiding public. The reason given by our J. J. to his friend the Prince ef Wales was more ingenious than in genuous so we are told. It is stated that a certain knight who has an eye on the Agent Generalship, fearing that 5. J. was too near head-quarters, and should anything occur he would drop into the coveted position, got a telegram sent to Paris with the intimation that a Judgeship was looming, and that he had better hasten back to iGok after his interests. The bait took, and in a couple of months our represents tive dined off an excellent cutlet at St. Kilia. Looking arou?d head-quarters, he found that th jngs were not exactly as represented, and,, according to our informant, " there was a devil of a row." Things are not yet settled, and nutil something be done one way or the othei^ " mum's the word." It will be noted by the friends of this statesman that neither before his constituents nor in the House has he yet giveu a sign of his present politics. It is also a fa worth noting that all the present stragglers for the gifts at the disposal of the Berry gods are patriots from the Emerald Isle. Besides the important posts of reform pilgrims io the Queen of England "there are the vacant Judgeship, the Agent-General, and the Speaker, with a possible Minister of Justiceship, all claimed by the party, and even Mr. Jeremiah Dwyer'is said to be in the running. ROMANCE OF A PICTURE IN STBNEY—The Sydney Eventing News, writing on July 25, states —"In our issue of Tuesday, the 16th instant, we announoed the discovery, among a quantity of old lumber in a neglected corner of a broker's store in this city, of a picture, believed by all who have seen it to be Titian's celebrated production, * Danae and the Shower of Gold.' The value atonce set upon it by connoisseurs of art was 5,000 guineas. The incident of its strange discovery surrounded the picture with great interest, and since being placed for inspection in Mr. Fieldiiigs gallery it has been viewed by many hundreds of persons. The romance of its discovery is only exceeded by its history, if the facts revealed to us can be substantiated. The paragraph in this journal was reprinted in the Brisbane journals, and a young lady, a Miss Russell, cut out the extfciet and forwarded it to her mother, Mrs. Julia Russell, who resides in this city. Mrs. Russell, on receipt of the letter, hurried to Mr. Fielding's to make an inspection of the picture, and why? Well, for this reason. Mrs. Russell's father, some twentyfive years ago, brought out with him from England a collection of pictures, one of which he 6aid was by a famous master, and on which he laid great value. On his death Mrs. Russell became possessed of the picture; she set great value on it, m?re as a memento than in admiration of it as a work of art, as she was no lover of fine arts. She thought, however, it was worth a hundred guineas at least. About 12 years ago, while residing in the country, Mrs. Russell had occasion to dispose of some household property, and the person who undertook the sale remarked on seeing the picture that he would take it to Sydney, where there was a broker who had to do with pictures, and from whom he would doubtless get the best figure. The picture was given him. From that day till this Mrs. Russell never heard of the broker or saw the picture. The letter from her daughter was the first she heard about the matter for_ 12 years. Mrs. Russell proceeded to Mr. Fielding's. She instantly recognised the picture, as well from its appearance as from a certain mark upon it. She immediately proceeded to her lawyer's office, and proceedings were taken for the recovery of the lost treasure. Of course Mr. Fielding will want proof of ownership befere delivering up the treasure." The same paper gives the following additional particulars in its next issue:—" It appears that Mrs. Russell is the daughter of Sir John Jamison, who came to this colony 70 years ago, and up to the time of his death took an active part in all important movements of the day. Jamison-street derives its name from him. Colonel Russell, of Queanbey&n;, is a brother. Sir John was a surgeon in the British navy, and while his vessel was cruising in the Mediterranean, somewhere about 1802, he collected some very valuable paintings, among which, it is said, was the one now in dispute. He brought it to this colony with several others 70 years ago. In the distribution of property that took place at his death, Mrs. Russell, the wife of the late Captain Russsll, of the 28th Regiment, had allotted her the famous Titian." VIOLATING THE CORPORATION BT-XAWS.— Informations were brought against several of the Hindley-street shopkeepers at the Police Court on Thursday morning for allowing their goods to hang over the footbaths of that street. Mr. Pater, who appeared for the defendants, contended that the By-law' .trade* which the informations were laid was .only intended to refer to goods which hindered the passenger traffic. Defendants were, however, each fined §1 and Court feeg. 