New Zenltuid. reuter's telegram8.j Wellington, March 22. News from Rorontonga has been received of a dreadful hurricane having occurred nt Panmoto by which five hundred lives were 1 lost. The island of Aum was completely swept by the ocean, houses, trees, and in habitants all gone. Several vessels wcro lost . Crowded out, — Owing to a press of advertisements, we hnve bccu compelled to hold over a leader on " Local Government and Separation," besides several local paragraphs. L The March Rests, It is very gratifying co us to learn thct the rents falling due at the Toowoomba Laud Oflicc on the 31st instant arc coming in in n very satisfactory manner. This is the more pleasing because, after the fearful losses sustained by the country through tho drought, it was feared there would bo many defaulters. ' Poundkeepeb. — Pending the meeting of Magistrates on the sccoud proximo, for the npointmcnt of a poundkccpcr, Mrs. H. Lloyd lias been appointed to act in that capacity. Charters Towers.— At the sittings of the District Court, held nt the above town on Tuesday last, iu the actions for libel, Carroll r. Moody, and Carroll v. O'Kanc, verdicts were given for tbe plaintiffs of one farthing, and forty shillings respectively. Magisterial Enquiry.— An enquiry into the cause of death of Frederick Ilirschdl, late of Neil-street, was commenced before the Police Magistrate on Thursday morning last, and will be resumed ibis morning. Nothing further bos been elicited In reference to this coso than appeared in our flrst account of the death of the unfortunate man. Cricket.— The match between the Bene dicts and Bachelors will bo continued this afternoon on the Aubigny Club Ground. T. P. B. B. and I. Society.— Tho usual fortnightly subscription payments of the above society will be received on Monday next, 25th instant, at 7 o'clock p.m., at the offices, Margaret-street. Mr. William Hodgen will be tbe receiving director. Petty Debts Court.— The Police Magis trate and Mr. R. W. Scholcficld presided at the usual weekly sittings of the Petty Debts Court, held yesterday morning, when verdicts were entered for the plaintiffs iu the follow ing eases : —Roland and Shcchan v. Connelly, £2 14s. ; W. GroLh t\ Rowc, £3. ; Shnnabau and Jennings t». Muller, claim for £2G, ver dict for plaintiffs for £21, and professional costs £4 8s. Gd. In this ease in which Mr. Hamilton appeared for the plaintiff and Mr. Dodd for the defendant, it is ouly fair to state that the PoliceJMngistratc alone presided Police Court. — At the Police Court on Tuesday lost, C. Perkins pleaded guilty to a charge of vagrancy, and was sentenced to one month's imprisonment in Brisbane gaol. — C. Smith, on suspicion of lunacy, was Bent for one month to the Brisbaue Reception House. — W. Nowlar pleaded guilty to using indecent language, and was fiucd 10s. or forty-eight hours imprisonment. — In a sura- monsense, Ashworth c. T. Phillips, forabusive aud insulting language, the defendant was fined 5s., with 4s. Gd. costs of Court, or, in default of payment, forty-eight hours' im prisonment.— In a wages ease, T. Phillips c. Ashworth, for £10 6s. 5<L, the defendant was ordered to pay the claim, with 3s. Gd. costs , of Court, Cs. expenses of witucss, and £2 2«. professional costs. — The wages case B. Cairns t'. M. Connelly, in which plaintiff claimed £10, was withdrawn on plaintiff allowing the defendant £1 Is. professional costs, and 5s. witness' expenses.— Au affiliation case, Mary Keogh r. John' Roche, was also heard, Mr. May appearing for the plaintiff and Sir. Dodd for tue defendant The defendant was ordered to pay 7s. Gd.-per week for twelve months from January 24, 1878, and to find one surety in the sum of £20 for such pay ment. — Yesterday morning M. Molen, con victed of the larceny of plants from £. Tulle, was fined 40s.. and ordered to pay 3s., the value of the plants — iu default, one month's imprisonment in Toowoomba gaol.— The above cases were all heard before the Police Magistrate,. i Eabtii Hunger. — The proceedings at tho Toowoomba Land Court on Monday next promise to be of a lively character, the com petition for tho Clifton and Westbrook lands recently thrown open to selection being very keen. For the land lately forming tho Clifton railway station reserve, and stated to contain 400 acres (of which, however, the" Government retain forty acres as a reserve), there ore twenty-four applicants, representing a total area of 1960 -acres. Very mnny of these applications overlap, and will have to be decided by the auction system. For some of the selections there are as many ns five, six, and seven applicants, and for ono block there nre eight. Of the 8000 acres of land 011 the Westbrook run, also, lately thrown open to selection, 2800 acres arc applied for by thirty-two applicants, no fewer tlinn twenty of the applications clashing, so that in this ease also tho nnction system will have to bo appealed to. These lands were thrown open .for selection on the I9tU iustant. k Gowrie Road School.— The following letter has been received from the Department of Public Instruction : — " Department of Pub lic Instruction, Brisbane, 10 th Mnrch, 1878.-— Memorandum to P. Perkins, Esq., M.L.A., Too woomba.— I am desired by tbe Minister to in form you tbat a teacher lias been appointed to ing near the school shoulA allow their children to destroy the fittings, during the short time it was temporarily closed is not creditable to them. — C. J. Graham, Under Secretary." A Extension of Ruthven Street South. Tlic following letter has been received in reference to the above subject, and we now publish it for general information " Department of Public Works, Brisbane, 2Tst March, 1878.— Sir, — Referring to your inter view with the Secretary for Public Works, respecting extension of South Ruthven Street, Toowoomba, I have the honor to enclose herewith a lithograph showing the extension asked for, and I am desired to request you will be good enough to ascertain nt what rate the owners of the properties nro 'pre pared to transfer to the Government the laud required for the road, in order that tho matter may bo reconsidered. It is considered that a road one chain wide would, bo suffi cient, and might be taken ns shown on the enclosed tracing. — I have tho honoi? to be, (?) r, your oucuicnisurvnnk, iiiiii u. oaiuu iua, Under Secretary. — P. Perkins, Esq"., M.L.A., Toowoomba." A Giiost Story. — Tho Moama corrcspon- dentoftho Riverine Herald scuds tho follow ing particulars of a ghostly sensation near tho border town " About ten miles from Moama on the east side of the lino, stands a dummy house. This house has been occupied by a party of dam-sinkers and bark-ringers. Theso men aver that about n fortnight ago they were disturbed by knockiugsontho iron roof, and that upon getting up they 6nw tho figure of a woman, when one among their number put the question, 1 What do you want missus V to which tlic figure replied that she had bccu murdered near tbat spot, and that the bones of herself and iufant would bo found towards the end of tho hut, where thoy wore placed fourteen years ago by Morgan the busltraugcr. One of the parly, who pos sessed a whip, mudc a strike at the figuro, which did not move. ThefoUowiug day the news spread, and the next night a Inrgc party assembled when tbe nppnrition again mode its appearance, and the whole of these per sons swear most distinctly tbnt they saw tho figuro of a woman, and nothing can induce them to think otherwise. Last night a de tachment of the Moama police, under com- maud of Sergeant Vaughnn, went out to see if there was anything to be seen, and there is no doubt if any person had been 'playing larks' he would hare received u littlo cold lead. Upon the return of ouu of the police this wornrag 1 ascertained that while in tho house last night a terrific noise was made 011 the roof like thu sound of u heavy hammer, whereupon the party rushed out of the bouse, but could see nothing. Tbe noise was re peated several times, aud mnny of the party, amongst whom wero uieu supposed to be pos sessed of courage, seemed very glad on the ap proach of the grey dawn. The mystery how ever, remains the same, nud another, party is to be organised, who. together with the police intend to go out again to try aud clear up tho mystery. Tbe men who were living in tho hut have left it to the ghost, nnd gone aud camped ucar a dam. It seems rcmarknblo tbat thirty men should become alarmed, mid positively aver that there is something iu it. Melancholy Death from Starvation in tiie Bubu.— Mr. Hornby, J. P., held yesterday (the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Tuesday week last says) a magisterial inquiry at Broadford.'on, the body of a youug mau, found on Saturday Inst by two yoitng lads when out rahbit-huuting. Tho body was lying in the hollow of a large lice ou au opossum-rug, the deceased's boots on one 6idc, niiu 111s lint on tue otucr. 1 no place was about half-a-miic distant from tbe While Flag store, but Mr. Fitzpatrick, the storekeeper, hod never seen the deceased about his place, though some lads had told him tbnt they had seen a dclicntc-looking youug man in the neighbourhood some tirao ago. On ono of the boots found was a cut, from which a shepherd imlcntificd deceased as a young man he had seen sevcu weeks ago, about two miles from where the body was found, nnd who asked him for n drink of tea which he gave him, but deceased dccliucd to havo nnything to cat. The shepherd described hiin as being very thin nnd delicnto looking. Dr. Fnrr was of opinion that death had occurred about two months ago. The tissues were completely dried up. Deceased had evidently been about 5 feet G inches in height, his hnii blnck, nnd rather long behind. From the appcarauccof his nails and fingers, he thought deceased had not been accustomed to hard work. He was dressed in a black cloth coat and grey cloth vest, almost new, and moleskin trousers. He would judge his age to be about 25. On a sheet of paper found on him was written inn very neat hand, ancl correctly spelt " Great God, be merciful uuto me, n poor, weak, nnd siuful creature; pardon nil my sins, cast me not aside, but cleanse me for the sake of Thy deal' Hon, who died upon the cross that evcu the weakest might seek pardon of Thee." And on the other side, quite legible but not so well written Sensible but dying. Monday, 13th Feb. Boon be in better world. Too weak to work, and have not a loaf for last three months. Very patient, but find starva tion slow. You must not hold inquest, but please carry remains to Castlcmninc. No friends. No money." 