.OUE ADELAIDE. LETTER. (From our own Correspondent.) Adelaide, March 30. We have advanced another stage in the; history, of the general, elections.. Yes terday'the nominations for the first batch; .took place;.and the candidates for no! less* than six districts -were returned .without opposition. Mr. Glyde was a: little out in his impression that the five Ministers would be lucky enough to get, in without the excitement- of a contest, but three out of the five have been in; this fortunate position, viz.:-Mr. Blyth for North Adelaide, Mr. Hawker for your district, and Mr. Mann for Stanley.; Humour up to the last moment asserted that somebody would oppose Mr. Blyth,! and Allerdale Grainger was reported to, be that somebody, but he wisely kept in the baok ground. It was also said that a j strong effort would be made to punish j Charley Mann, and a nobody named Ashby was brought forward to run the gauntlet with the skilful dialectician; but he jibbed, and could not be got up to the " sticking place." I- never' heard that anybody would oppose Mr. Hawker,! so presumed his seat was safe from the! beginning. Concerning the other two; Ministers the opposition will prove-very small potatoes. In East Torrens another Mr. Smith-a man with silver locks, arid who has seen some 80.winters-has been tempted to enter the arena with Messrs. Playford and E. T. Smith. It is said that the Good Templars have trotted him out to oppose the Kent Town brewer, but the old boy says himself that he has only comeitforwdM'for^a. "lark." Of course, he does not stand the ghost of aj chance, and the Good Templars would have consulted the interests of sobriety if they had allowed the ;election, to ; end without a contest, which invariably leads to a vast amount of. drinking, if not of drunkenness. At Encounter Bay :Mr. Boucautis opposed by Mr. Lindsay, of, railway gauge notoriety, but the clever one hobbied man, will .get. little, siipport, and his' political life will, I expect, be completely snuffed out, as Mr. J. L. Parsons is, with Mr. Boucaut, far more popular with the Encounter Bay electors. There is no question that the whole'of the five Ministers will be returned, des pite the vaunted boast of Mr. Ward that they would scarcely.,be able to show their faces before their . constituencies. Messrs. Rees and Rounsevell were re turned for the Burra, and the former should entertain a small piece of gratitude to the Register for exposing the nice little game which the licensed Victuallers Association wished to play, and which expose secured, to a great extent, his candidature. Sturt re mained true to its old members Messrs. Townsend and King, and the latter got into the clouds, and felicitated everybody upon, being conneoted with a colony which was bound to lead the van of pro gress not only against Victoria, but against every British dependency. Messrs. Colton and Carr addressed the eleotors on Thursday, and as about a fortnight previously the former an nounced that he would astonish the world by expounding a policy of un paralleled vastri ess people expected a great revelation; but it was a repetition of the mouse and the mountain fable. The great part of his speech was made of an attack upon the two daily papers, and yet, according to his own showing, in stead of-abusing he should have extolled them to the skies, seeingthat their opposi tion, as he says, kept him in power some months longer than he would otherwise have been. The two papers retort in leaders to-day-the Advertiser in a very waxy and the Register in a bantering tone. An effort is being made to induce Mr. Eobert Smith, J.P., of O'Halloran Hill, to come forward in opposition to one or both, and if he consents to stand he will stand a capital chance. Some of the candidates now coming forward for Parliamentary honors are a curious mixture, noted either for their Bhady reputations or for their lack of common sense. The electorate of Light seems particularly lucky in getting men who possess both these peculiarities. Mr. Shannon appears to be a good-natured noodle who sets up for a wit, but who has a less fund of humour than even Mr. Moodie, of the Portonian; Mi. White's and Mr. Carroll's reputations could not very well bear exposure, ,and it has been unkindly suggested that the latter should be asked whether he can give any information re garding the legality of ex-criminals sitting in Parliament. It would prob ably be a sight that would gladden the hearts of the advocates of "equality" to see three such men as those just men tioned seated on the same platform. It would only need the addition of Mr. Allerdale Grainger, Sammy Raphael, Jones the bill-sticker, and Mr. Boun sevell, of Tara Hall, to make the cirole complete. Their speeches would doubt less be characteristic of the men, and would be as startling in their statements as they would be. in their grammatical construction. 