THE THEATRES, ETC. By " Adagio." Mr. Wybert Reeve made his first Australian appearance at the Theatre Royal, on Saturday night, as Count Fosco, in Mr. Wilkie Collins's dramatisation of his own powerfully-written novel, " The Woman in White." The play, as distinguished from the novel, differs in many and important respects, for not only is the chronological order of the events altered, bat the natare of the occurrences themselves is entirely different. No doubt the narrative form in which " The Wo.maa in White" is written, as well as stage exigencies, have rendered the alterations and transpositions necessary ; bat if the mind be closed against the impressions thus produced, and the drama received apart from the novel, it cannot but be said that Mr. Collins has been singularly happy in his difficult and delicate task. In his capacity as adapter, he has left the " author " entirely out of the ques tion, and has seized upon the more prominent and telling incidents, and fitted them for stage representation and scenic effect in sack a manner that they cannot fail to enchain the interest in an absorbing degree. He has written with special regard to his marvellous creation — Count Fosco— and, keeping this object distinctly in view, the outcome of his labours is in every way satisfactory. Venturing upon an hypothesis, it is not im possible that Mr. Collins had Mr. Reeve >n his mind's eye when be wrote the play. If this be not the case, there has been a singu larly fortunate conjunction of circumstances leading to his original assumption of the part of Fosco. The amount of time and study which he has given to making bis Fosco so com plete, can only be conjectured. It mast have been im nense ; for, with the exception of his face, which has not the "large, smooth roundness," he is a livisg reflex of the man. Tall, corpulent, with dark brown hair, bis m&ke-np; exactly tallies with the descrip tien given by Marian . Halcomb, while in addition the spectator cannot fail to notice tho "unfathomable gray eyes," with their cold, clear glitter, and extraordinary expres sion. AU the other personal charscteris tics are reproduced with the closest fidelity— the light and easy movements, the noise; e -s quick ness of his step, the nervous sensitiveness, the heartiness of ve c6, and the affected bvi- kommie. His mental Count Fjsco is as truthful at the physical one, for he presents you with a man whose cool daring, and unscrupulous vilHiny, i® m aroszine contrast with the sm-Ul tendernesses he manifests while caressing bis white "mice, or singing to his cnarea. Fosco's other peculiarities — tbe purity of his English with just sufficient foreign ascent, the iaflated mode of expression, the t'.ny Oaf md "dear lady," impress the mind with hbe graphic force of their exactness of simulation, and absolutely compel the convic tion of the thoroughness c-f Mr, R ves realisation of the cMarac er. The scetes in which be gained I he greatest applause were those at B aek rater, where be interposes be tween S r Pe eival and Lady Gly de fo the mat ter of the siting of lbs deed, and m th- mis- qaett interview with the twoae unt.g h the r»a' ure of the plot they v r«-u..a poor Ldy GJyde i« disowd t-» the listening Mri n, and the ine; vie.s w-.fch Marian io ;i 6 asy um, and Hartwriths a? the villa. The mat displayed the power which his stronger inmd ftidraotatioa M oyer the weaker aad maw cowardly instincts of the baronet ; the latter, the really desperate and hardened natare of the man, with its overweening vanity and diabolical cynicism. In his treatment of his wife, too, he was very happy, the Hp terms of endearment, the presents ef bon-bons, which he dexterously puts into her mouth, and the occa sionally cruel glances he throws at her, being alike admirable pieces of acting. He placed him self en rapport with his audience at once, and the three subsequent recalls before the curtain, and the hen.rty applause he received, testified to the highly favourable impression he produced. Mr. Vincent played the difficult part of Walter Hartwright with excellent taste and discrimination. In the scene where he bids farewell to Laura Fairlie, and the last one, in which he confronts Fosco, and wrings Lady Glyde's history from him, his qniet self-posses sion and good acting contributed materially to the interest created. Miss Solange Novaro played the dual part of Anne Gatherick and Lady Giyae in order to make forcible that singular re semblance between the two which led to so much misery and wrong- doing. As Anne, she was somewhat too fierce and demonstrative, bat as Laura (Lady Glyde) she portrayed the soft, vacillating, and loving nature of the girl with a truthfulness and naturalness in the highest degree praiseworthy and creditable. Miss Watt, in the important character of Marian Halcombe, gave a satisfactory prominence to it ; the firm self-reliance, deep penetration, and loving tenderness lor Juaura, wnicn are tne cinet quali ties ef her nature, being displayed to the best effect. Mr. iApplston was weU suited as Sir Fercival Giyde, the turbulent, unprincipled, and heartless character of the man beiog shown with force and vividness. Mrs. Eiouin Bryer, too, as Madame Fosco, is to be congratulated on her display of calm impenetrability and devoted admiration for her hnsband. Miss Florence Neville was not at home in the repulsive part of Mrs. Catherick ; and Mr. O'Brien's stature pre vented his appearing with advantage as the diminutive Fesca. The scenery is generally very good, but tbe exterior ot the mansion at Bxackwater Park, with the view through the open glass doors into the parlsur and library, and the practicable rango of windows above, is one of the finest sets possible. Mr. Hennisgs is to be com plimented upon his artistic taste in painting it, and Mr. Scott for his dexterity in arrangement. " The Woman in White " has been played all the week. Mr. Reeve has several new and successful plays in his repertoire , including Falgrave Simpson and Herbert Merivale's beautiful work "AU for Her," Gilbert's "Engaged." and 'Diplomacy." " Henry VIII." was removed from tho boards of the Opera-house on Satnrday night, and on Monday evening " Macbeth " was produced, in which Mr. William Creswick anneared for tb» first time in this city. In his own masterly style, Mr. Greswick showed the results of his study of the character in the clearest light. Hit delineation admits of no misconception ; it is patent as fact, and clear as the snn at bright noonday. A brave man. naturally, but not overwhelmingly ambitious, intexicated by re cent victories, is made the victim ef super natural influences, and in obedience to that powerful superstition common to the time, and yielding in Lady Macbeth to the force of a will stronger than his own, and an ambition deadUer and greater, he becomes the murderer whose life is thenceforth a living death — a life whose haunting terrors, aided by the fearful memories continually conjured up by conscience, is so terrible in itself, that it is a full retribution for all his crimes, in that he should be compelled to live it until the hour that fate decrees as its limit. As k a mirror, Mr. Ores wick reflects the fk.-.t occurrence to his mind of the direction which his aspiring thoughts have taken by tbe start he gives when the witches accoBt him with the pro phetic greeting — " All hail, Macbeth ! that shaU be king hereafter and the confirmation is found in the reading cf the letter by his wife wherein he dwells npon the prophecy. Under the domination of Lady Macbeth's tremendous will, he is as a puppet, and from the first moment of fliAiw maafiMM TMA«M ALA « f f MTOAl 1W1U VU AU0HlUib BUU 1081609 ner Bteei-like grip upon his arm, and slowly ntters the significant — " Greater than both, by the all- hail hereafter," Mr. Creswick shows that his des tiny is fixed. Thenceforth there is the struggle between the bad and better parts of him. Hi: agony of horror, as the magnitude of his con templated crime comes horns to him, is ex pressed with fearful impressiveness in the words "He's here ia double trust;" tut hit rapid subjugation to the resolve of his wife, by means of her taunts and reproaches, shows that the bad in him is by far the greater. In the banquet scene he did not wholly merge his in dividuality in the ch&rackr;, hat ia the discovery of the murder i>f Duncan, his subsequent interviews with Lis wifo, and his Bolifoquies, his ao s p-.-s-ib, and his speeches models of ekcu.io-r/ a-fc. To s -'Y briefly what ths limits of space prohibit being stated iully, Mr. Creswick's is a mag&ifi-; cent delineation, based upon a clear reasoning- out of the text, abounding ia splendid points, and fit to bo ranked equally wi\h his other grand impersonations. He was called before tbe curtain four times, and on each occasion be was received with showers of plaudits. Miss Adelaide Bowricg's Lady Macbeth was worthy of her reputation ; the decision and force of character, the repu sive energy, which are the leading attributes of the w ife of Glami6, wer exhibited with a truthfulness of detail in the highest degree satisfying. So of Mr. Ire land's Macduff «hsch can truthfully te said to be worthy of Mr. Oreswick's Macbeth. In the scene where the Bews of the murder of his wife and children is conveyed to him, the contrast between hie burst cf bitter sorrow and his sub sequent desire for rtveHge was wonderfully striking, and so hoot stJy good that- the audience insisted on his speiial recall to ih footlights. Of the other members of the cast, praise mast be recorded to Mr. Phillips as Malcolm, Mr. Joyce as Dunean, ard Mr. Booth man as Rosso. M :s3 Lj dia Howarde sang the solo music as Hecate, and Mess a. Thome, Daniels, and Fisher were the witches. Messrs. Thorne and Fisher are to be com uended for their work, hut Mr. Daniels, who would insi-t I upon speaking like Pantaloon in a pauvomime, j ;;ffc-at« d inUi-'ihr in p .-? ic-.'e-wgt. The scenery v- > - xw-o« d t , and iba m aiiu dr«»sn .. ais<i »cct-»$uriK' are complete and good Macbeth ' fcaB been re peated ail the we< k. A change iu the .character of tbi peiform- ' imm w«s «wd» t tiwfriiww.-. Xb«tra on Saturday iiight, by the production of the sensa tional-comical drama " British Born." The piece isof the pure Adelphi type, full of excitement and thrilling situations, with love and hatred, virtue and crime, running neck and neck together. The prologue, which has in itself sufficient material for an ordinary piece, introduces the audience to the country honse of Mr. Laban Brood, who, as the dialogue designates him, is " ex -smuggler, ex forger, ex- high way-robber." His two clerks, alike ia virtuous disposition, but antipodean in other respects, are George Seymour and Fred. Faggles. The former is be trothed to Mary Hope, who is also beloved by the master ; hence the complications which soon arise. Brood endeavours to blacken the character of his rival, and to get him out of the way, the result being, however, the dis covery of Brood's own villainy. The rest of the acts take place in Bolivia, to which the whole of the characters are conveyed on one pretext or other, and where Brood continues bis Machia vellian conduct. His iove is still the motive power, and is apparently the one bright spot in his character, and which, in the end, is the means of his meeting a violent death at the hands of some miners, with whom he has consorted, and whom he has betrayed. Mary Hope is portrayed in a pleasing and natural manner by Mrs. Tavares. The courageous, loving woman, faithful to death, is limned with powerfal touch, and her constancy in circnm- stances of trial is strikingly depicted. George Seymour is played sensibly and quietly by Mr. Metcalfe ; and Fred Faggles, his good natured, scatter-brained colleague ia office life, was in Mr. S. Poole's hands the most mirth-provoking eccentricity an audience could desire. Mr. Wallace worked hard as Laban Brood, and succeeded in exciting the antipathy of his hearers by his malignity. Miss Kate Foley was lively and pretty as Nancy Treat, and Mr. Carey was stately as tke British Consul, Mr. Hope. The rest of the cast worked satis factorily. Several of the situations were very dramatic, especially the military execution at the end of the third act, and the fight with the miners at the conclusion of the play. Toe scenery is very pretty, and the- other stage appliances are carefully attended to. The piece is altogether well mounted, and is entitled by its merits to a satisfactory run. It created rears of fun and laughter, and, in conjunction with several minor pieces has kept the boards all the week. Another new play was produced at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening. " Minerva, cr that Mother-in-law of Mine," is the title of the comedy, and, as may be inferred frcm it, the proverbial " mother- in-law" troubles of newly-married couples forms the basis, and, in fact, the principal element of the piece. The comedy is an American adaptation of a popular French play. There is the merest skeleton of a plot. Some of the dialogue is sharp and racv. and much stupid and meaningless ; but some of the scenes, particularly in the last act, are amusing in ths extreme. The hero (if that term can be used) is Hera c 3 Greenfield, a newly-married man, wit-h an insipid, animated doll for a wife, and an out-and-out speci men of the " masculine weman" for a mother- in-law. Greenfield accidentally makes the acqnaintance of Minerva, the wife of Green field's former friend, Mr. Timothy Roundabout Roysterer, from whom she is voluntarily separated. Greenfield, however, does not know who the lady is, and the la:ter encourages him to visit her with the object cf making her husband jealous, and finding cut whether he really loves her as she loves him. The intriguing thst is carried cn, and the frantic efforts of Greenfield to get out- of the difficulty, and to prevent his dreaded mother-in-law finding out the particulars of the whole affair, forms the amusing part of the piece, but ultimately every thing is satisfactorily explained, and the curtain falls upon the happiness of Mr. and Mrs. Green field, the re- union of Mr. and Mrs. Roysterer, and the discomfiture of the mctherdc-law, who had scented a divorce case. Ths part of Horace Greenfield was played by Mr. R. D'Orsay Ogden, who never missed an opportunity of trying to provoke a hearty laugh. Mr. Herbert Flemming made a capital Roundabout Roysterer, nnA VArlrAf) himanlf nnfn flin MCr v satv avaiicu BVCiVw U1 dashing boisterousaess capitally. Miss Bea trice had a difficult character to play in that of Minerva, but she made the most of every point, and gave a very skillful rendering of . the part, Mr. T. J. Herndcn mads a comical Jeremiah Sunflower (a gardsne: ). Mrs. W. Ryan was, if anything, rather too masculine austere as Mrs. Martinet, tie mother in-law, and Miss Silvester played neatly her part as Miss Polly Pickle, a servant in the house cf the Greenfields. The programme of the Popular Concert of Monday last included the name ol MLs Ada Willets, a juvenile pianiste. Miss Widcts is ten years old, a native = f this colony, aad has been taught music at Bsllarac. S m j_1 M €d « Alice, where art thou 7 ' (4»ohc-r) ''Last Hope" (Gottschalk). " Heme, Se st Home ' ( Chalberg), and "The Ilana.ciuas Bia ksouta ' (Handel),' in all of which the showed sire is possessed of rare gifts. Her rnanber at the piano shows plenty of self control, and au easy repose, with geod manual dex'erity. The rendering also was sympathetic, and showed an appreciation of the end to be attained. It ii to be' hoped she will continue to receive judicious teaching, and that the hearty plaudits given by tbe audience, and the perfect shower of fioi a '.distribution, will not take her from the severer studies she has yet to undertake. Mr . D'Arcy Read's " Ghost, ' unlike other jh oecommg very popular. Young sters Visit it in hundreds, and their shriek o» | laughter and uproarious enjoyment show how completely the old superstitions anent boios are dying out. 4 The plain and fancy dress ball given by tie cit zeos to the Right Worshipful the Mayor o: Melbourne and Mrs Pigdon, at the Town-hall, Thursday, was a most geuer»t recognition of the kindness th--y hav-s tshown duiin t'--e pait y ir in so liberally d spen«ne civc hosptraii-i s. Th- re were > early 1 0 0 Ldfos i>d o- tlemen present;, ai.d ihtre were numer. us costumes fr- sh aud novel ia deeuu » ut ia the mtj.ritv o <-s£3s t -»y C'M-Kf&wt-d; j of ordinary b<tM and evening dn si, <-r tb»- j j costumes wn'cri w«-re wora at tr»e rcce t : i M yor's Ball. This is not the age of duchesses, \ k ught s cavaliers, fairies, and bayader s, and, 1 brterHoie, iru b iHon pels the statement that, as a ru>e, the p;atu ev-uing costumes appeared to si t. with great r etu»e upon the wearers than the i motley gib which others, more aspiring, had j doonodt i 