PIQUE. A five act drama, from tbe pea of Angus- tin Daly, and entitled Pique, was played at the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening. It is n modern American society play of the emotional type. The plot, which is evidently fonnded on the incident of the Stolen Child, nbont which so mueli sensation was created some time ago, is shortly as follows : — Mabel Renfrew (Miss Coombs) drat appears as a sup posed heiress in the conservatory of a friend's honse who hag given an evening party. Miss Ronfrew is the belle, and has no end of admirers at her feet. Her only favourite is Raymond Lessing (Mr. F. C. Appleton.) Ho wrings from her a confession of love by pro fessing bis own devotion to her. Shortly after this exohange of love assurances Mabol receives from Arthur Standish by letter an offer of marriage. Within & few moments she overhears Raymond, her de clared and favored lover, deny to Lucille Renfrew (Mibs Neville) that ho had any re gard for her (Mabel)'. The fact was that Raymond Lessing had only .flirted with Ma bel for her beauty, hut he sought Lucille for her money. Discovering this, Mabel accepts Arthur Standish before all the guests. This is the piquo. The marriage is consummated, end turns out a most unhappy one. When Arthur takes his brido homo she is proud, taciturn, and even rude to thoso who sur rounded her and longed to show her their beat and most loving attentions. Matthew Standish (Mr. Stnart O'Brien), Arthur's father, . is a good but stern old man. He insists on tho rules of bis hoase being observed by all, in cluding his daughter-in-law. She is invited to family prayers, and declines to join. Her husband prays that Bhe will give way, but she indignantly refuses to. bo tyrannised over by the captious old man, as alio regards him. In en- outburst of passion Mabel reproaches Arthur for having taken advantage of her girlish pique in order to gratify his own selfish love, and she endB by declaring that she loved Raymond. Iu- consed at hearing this for the first time, Arthur leaves the house and returns to his ship, never to return— so ho says. Matthew, after his son's departure, refuses to allow his daughter to depart, and keeps ber nnd her child in a state of semi-imprisonment. In order to escape, the unhappy woman plans with two burglars that they shall steal her child out of the honse. In the meantime, 'however, sho repents. But at night the rob bers come and take the child, thongh she declares she has changed her mind. Bnt they Bay they have not changed tboirs, that a bargain is a bargain, and that they will not be cheated. The child is carried off, and Raitch (Miss Carrington), a servant girl, also. A large reward is offered for the resto ration of the baby, and after some sensa tional adventures in tho streets of New York and the Beggar'B Paradise, the child is res cued, tbe husband and 'wife are reconciled, and two marriages are arranged before the curtain falls. The play gives ample scope for the amusing buffooneries of Messrs. Greville and Taylor, for tbe able aoting of Mr. Stuart O'Brien and the other members of the company. But . for Miss Coombs it provides a role -in which she shines more than iu any other in which she has BDpoared. If the piece had been writ ten expressly for her it could not have suited her better. She appears first as the courted belle, then as tbe wayward and. dis contented wife, full of petty and unladylike spite ; and, last of all, aa a humiliated and repentant woman, conscious of all the trouble she has brought on herself and others by her own distempered mind. It is a pity Miss Coombs did not make her first ap pearance before a Melbourne audienoe in this new piece. The dialogue is racy and full of clever points. It admits of varied and rapid 'action, gives scope for elocutionary dis play, and has many telling surprises for onlookers as the- argument un ravels itself. ' Aa Doctor Gassett, Mr. Stirling Whyte did. not do him-, elf > Jiiibee. Ha -walked through the part as if he had leaden solos to hia shoes. This heaviness certainly kept him at the bottom level of acting, but he did not, _ in spite of all bis encumbrances, go down with tbe audience. Doctors generally are men of brains. If not, their vory training makes . them assert a large amount of intellectual force that is felt by all around them. -There are exceptions, of course, and we suppose Mr. Whyte thought It consistent with his part to illustrate one of the rare exceptions. He spoke in a monotone, did not inflect or deflect his voice, spoke with no unction or zest, looked that wiso look peculiar to owl3, and mado himself aa dismal as lie was grave. As Mary Standish Miss Medway was interesting, pleasing and natural withal, but as Raitch Miss EHa Carrington took the audience by storm. Her irrepressible rude ness, her good-hearted buoyancy, reguish trioks and naturallv-spoken vulgarisms quite captivated the audience. Sho received a most hearty call. Mr. Vincent did remark ably well as Arthur Standish — that is, for an actor who will insist on playing the_ part of walking gentleman when nature intended that ho" should be a comedian. He almost made the audience laugh on Saturday. When he warned his wife, ho said, " Have a cars" just as an indignant papa, 'with rod | in handf might warn a rebellious child. It would bo highly diverting to see Hamlet played, with Mr. Vincent as Hamlet and Mr. Greville as the Ghost. How people would enjoy it ! Mr. Appleton played Ray mond Leasing with only tolerable ability. The little he had to do ho might hayo done better. However, allowances ought to be made for the'firsi presentation of a now picoc. On the whole it was played with wonderful skill. The drama is good, the scenery ex cellent, and tbe noting, all round, from Miss Coombs downwards, intelligently clever, though not perfect. Tho performance was not over until a quarter to twelve, audit rarely happens that a large audionco applaud and laugh more, or eo away with greater . satisfaction than did the audience from the Royal on Saturday. 