MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN INDIA. Mauhuok ' ouatomi ?nd mtrritgo mantrai dlflcr la ?ouie raipaots in dillorout piru of the oouulrj. rhui ftt tho m?rri?ge ol hit HighnvM iUu Mnhunjah of Mysore, tbo to\\- lowing pretty reoitation formed a portion of the ritual uttered by the bridegroom in null osl SttnJilrt: , ,?' Tue bridegroom replies, 'Well be it,' and ?cites the following: . ? " < Wlioguva ?url To whom did ho give her I Love gave her. ? ' ' ; To love ho gave htr. . . Love wa? the glver.' ? Lovo was the taker. ? ? Love I may this be thine. "With love may I enjoy her/ Lovo has pervaded the ooean. With love laooeptJwr.' Love I maytliU be thine.'" Boon after this the bride and brldgroom proceed ono or two ateps forward, and the bride la thus addressed by the bridegroom : . " May the reglona of spaco, may air, tho son, and fire dlepel that anxlbty vrhioh tbou feoleat in thy mind and turn thy hoart to mc. Uo gonllo iv thy aspect and loyal to thy hutband; be fortunate in oatllo, amlablo in thy mind, and beautiful in thy person; mother of gallant aons ; bo food ol delights ; tie ahoerful and bring prosperity to our bipeds and quadrnpods. Soma flrat received theo; tho Bun next obtalnod theo *, the regont ot fire was thy third husband ; and now a human being is tby fourth. 11 Soma gavo her to tho Sun ; tho Sun gave her to the regent of fire ; flee gave her to mo. With her he has glveu mo wealth and male offspring. May a bo, moat ausploioua eauss of prosperity, never deaert mc." Theao and maujr others, which were rtolled, oontain much ot exquisite poetry in them. They are, to quote Max Muller, the simpleat oblld-llke prayers on reoord.— Tht Indian Mirror: Fai-xh Bottoms rijn Juos Snirs.—After getting used to paper o?r-wheoli, we need not bo surprised to loam that a now ooatipg for the bottoma ot Iron ahipa oonslat of brown paper attaohed by a auitablo ocmont. It i> the invontion of OapUln F. Warren, ef Eng- Und, and the substance he proposes to une ia a preparation olpapitr machr. Itiaatateil that wesda and baruaoles will not adhure to papor, and that tho special oement by which the paper la aecured may be applied oold, but ithardonn nnder wator, is nnafleoti-d by oom patatlvely high a?d posessea jroat tenacity. A plats thna protooUd ou one side has been Immersed for six aonlbs, with ths result that the protected side was found olean, while the unprotected metal was covered with mat and shellfish. A P??rrr F-iwor.—One of ?b? prelty fancies ol Freneb peop'o i? to make ?-jlf.ur< the expression cf seutiraont. Tliry hold tbnt violet i? analogous to friondibip, felao to love, ?>? aaiwetod u y u l ,le ?J^ , andazrrrn ,]iy. A bunch 0/ violelu would tlur-foru tell * ladj's suitor that frimd.bip in all ho liua i. to e*i>?l. Yellow i< paternity or aaternlty; it i? llio yello* rays ol tljo tpuctrum vrlileh eauso tlio germ to tlioot. Ittd figure* ambition ; indigo, Die spirit <,f , rivalry; (ireon.tho love ?( chanizo, ficklmom ; 1 black, favouriti-iu; white, unity, university. In addition to lbo ?tvun piimitivo colonre, Kroy indicates power: brown, prudery ; pink, mooualy; silver 'grey f>m'-">''"). . li-oble lovu; lilac f/enil-violei), feoulo Irieud.-hip pink, /h'loi nhsino. _ HiiKAiiiNO Bui:i:i-.—Accor.ling t? ?n Inlvr ?ting paper by I'rofosior l'?it?K, of U.llo, It i< only Hinoo tliu sixtcnith century thnt the practice ol Biinarinp; eljofp liaa !>??<?'< followed iv CJurmnny. Previously to that dato ttio wool wuk m-pariitid by uiuii-ly pluckiii,; it out— v proceca wliiob w?? found to Lo greatly facilitated' hy penning tip tliu ?beep ofoeoly, and keeping tljuiri without (nod lor ? Jew di?yn before the operation. Thin ajHtem dill obtnlna In i-oino northern ; liuroponu countries ; ft?d the Professor bad ?n opportunity ?>! personally wilii???iii? it during hi? lato travels in certain parle of NorwMy mid KaoJen, anil in Icolund ami noverul other inland*. In these regions tho rhort-talled uliotp (ouh lortath), wliiob, liko yearly, i> tho variety ohitliy kept J and tbu llcooeia pluokrd oil in Juno, niter ila bparor ban been submitted to n low day*' starvation. Tbu ordinary, brcod* o< sheep met with iv most other countries do ,uot change , their coat, aa has beeu oluii'ly demonstrated, by. exbauative ?psrhnont*.. Tbfcy bare b?en left unsuorn lor {our,'seven, anl even eleven year* without.any fresh growth being.ob aorvejl, although the original oout continued to increase by simple prolongation ol ? the .' individual hairs. The rate of growth is fastcat during the flr'at three) years of the sheep's lite, aftsr: w&iou; lime it decrease* tjradaally aud connWeiably. In donmtioatad liiotp the nfOivth ouohyoar is.nioil luxariku't immediately, itllor the aliiaring in Jane or July; while ia tlie wild breedi,m >jnl|{ht bo expected, it ia mo?t marked in. winter?, (line, trben the teverity of tho weather demand* additional protection. ?_?..;??? , f I? 1878, wolTe?in'ibellqa?l?n : provluoe.of SmmrA, dovonrud CBBO hor?eH and horned (ikttlo, CO,OOO email cattle, 22,000 domoetlo lovfia, and snore than 1000 dog?. In 1877 Ibelr ravugea wore oven greater. , ?' ; j 'An American >uggeata the oonitruollon of projectile* on tho prlnoiploof the boomorang lor reaching no enemy behind earlbworke, or oiaboukmcut?. Tlio uiaal way of ?utmouut ing obitaoWa of tbia tort ia to jnuko tbe balla j lloocbet or.hounoe over tho par?p?t alter firat ?triking the grouujK ; : ;,.., ; . ': [? ?'. New "?b'k yon I.BUOH ,V?iiiiE?*.—The woll known fragrant gardon lavourlte the I awoet- ioduted or; lumou verbena . fJjtpla eltriodora.) txema to bnve othor ijunlitiei to I ricommond it lhau thoio of the fragrAtioe lor whloU. it ia ueuttlly. euUlvated. The ttiitbor of arooent work, entitled "Among t tho Sp'anl?h peoplo," dcjorlbea It as hoing M*t*e'ntktioally gathered in Spain, where it iarogarde'd a.t a Hue, atomaoblo And cordiol. It Iβ uaed either in the form of a.decoction, KBoetonod, or live or aixleavoa; are putibto a tcuoup, ftnd hot tea, poured upon thorn. The author Bay* that the iUvonr of tho tea thus pruparod " ia aimply delioiou?,and ,uo one who h?? drunk bin Pekoo with it will over again drlpk it wlthont ? aprig' of,lemon verbona." And he further atatearthnt if.tlila be uaud ouo jioed " never auffer from flaln-; lenoo, neter be mado necvoua or.old-maldiah, nevor have obolera, diarrhea, or. loaa ,ol appetite."'' ; ~-. . : -'...,.'.:---.?''.????:. '.?:??. "'??< ??!<??':???' A.. Okeat EKLBmcauHris.—-An American paper.Buys ;—" On the farm of James K. \Vull?, in tUo Town of Ktvcrhoad, Iβ tho groAtest. ?el preserve over Boon; Inland. The pond covers five acres. Two years a|{oJ.tr. Wells put into tho poud 2000 doiou eels,'with no intontlou of disturbing thein tor itve yeitn." They h?.vu increased wonderfully, millions being in the pond, and it is thought tU?t there will Uβ quad rillions before Mr. Wells gets ready to market tbain. The eels oro. fed regularly overy three days on what ia known ne ? horso loot,' a lea product,with meat in side h shell. whioU takes tho shspo of a ho?e'n hoof, and it ia doubtless from that that it dorlvca the name. They ooneuino 700 horse feet in throe days; It would Boom lropodulblu to furnl?h'so many, but the number doe? not boijin to 'detail tho extent of tho eatob. Millions of them are annually fed to nwlno and poultry/and soino won make 11 bualnoaa of oatobinjf them. On 16tn Juuo; after a storm, C?pt. Downs, with a trap of his own inyontion, caught 1000 'foot,' and botwoon the 10th of Juno and April his aggregate catoh was 10,1)00." ; > llmun m PjnrriKSTiAJiv. :—When Hanlan, Amorloa'e celebrated oarauian, viaited tho Penitentiary at Kii/gatou, he found that'an arch had .been ercoU'd ovor tho stono yard bearing tbo insoriplion in green, very oloverly executed by one of tho prieonora, ?? Hurrah for nanlanl"— with'a ?hainrook and a pair of crossed bltulle on one tide, a. shamrock and flag on the othor and tUo harp of Ireland beneath., Aa tho party iraro leaving the yurd one of .the oonviut? iitoppod up to the champion and preaautod hiui with ii poudant for a watoh chain, of a horao und hi? ridor, beautifully oarrod from a plain pioco of bone. Ilaulon's uppoarasoo in each room wan the tignal for , overy wan to momentarily quit work to Uko a, glirapao at tlia celebrated oora man, with whoeo doinge, in spite of their dungeon rrulU, many of thum seemed: woll acquainted. , .'?';?;'?'.? ?,'?"' Tjih Etu>*kok or a Guost.—Murilorora have in many iuiiaiiouu huon, uonviotod and exooutod by uviduuoo lhat was ulioited throii||h Ihe Vgeoay of a droaui or tome vaguo ghost story* It Iβ not generally known, howovor, tk?l two mon weio oxocutod in tho North ol EngUnd, ? Htllo more thau two hundred veaM ago, liy.tlio tentimony ol a guoal. ; In 1031, a woman named Ann Miller was mur dered at Cheatorle-stroot.' Her . ghoit, ?0 oordlug to the looal locords, aupoaced to a millor who ronldod ia the neighborhood, and told him tbo atory ol hor murder.: Ho in- Jormod ?ho jn?gl?traU f, who leaned ????n'? for tho arrest ol Jobn Walker and Mark Sharp. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, ?i tho noxl Durhnm. A?aiz*s, found gnllty, and cx?oul?d upon no other ?riiienoe than the story of the miller.— XewcAttli Courant. ...-?„ . ? '? :. Ax ExaxxniKovr sUni?*u M*x.—Un easy lios the head that wears n orowu applies parttoularly, eno might think to tboKing of Slam, who ,bft?, or-.had, COO ooinmiailoncd' wlvos and 2WO wivoe. by l.revet, all .of them living- in. ono vast palaoo at Bangkok. , Moit .men would rather relinquish '~ all power and royal authority than bo quite so muoa married j but, we prosuuie, the polygamous aov? roien boa got aooustomod to his supor abu?divnt oonnublality. Ho is be an u-mlalilo and onllghtod Prlnoo, and to bo Bufltolently advauoed not to grlevo ovor the reoout death of tho. whlto elophant, a morod boast among tho Budhists. Ho prebaUy tblnks his 8000-wivos elephant enough for him without oonoerning himsolf about tho actual quadruped. Hβ mn?t bo atulablo, surely, to got on Bniootbly, as he la eaid to do. with 3000 women, all of whom uro reputed to estoom and liko him. Wo wondor how be manager. Thore must be aome eubtle aoerot, in it which the Western world has nevor divined. Why doosn't he trlvo hie vlowe on tho Woman Question ho uiuoh dieous?od of Utu f Hia multifarioiie oiporionce h?? ompoworo? him to Buoak iutoUigently, and hia opinions would Wo wolght. U would bo very ijiUro-timt to kuow how one man oan live comfortably with 3000 women, when so many rasn Bn* It very hard to live oomfort*bly with ono woman. 