MUSIC AND DRAMA, The great feature of this week's dramatic entertainments has been the performance of 'Hamlet,' at the Victoria Theatre. In Mr. Creswick's representation we have no attempt made at innovation or specialty, no particular treatment to mark the actor as excelling in one peculiar phase of the character of Hamlet ; but a scholarly reading of the whole of the text — a thorough individuality through out, and an evenness of rendition so complete that it is impossible, as far as dealing with Mr. Creswick's treat, ment is concerned, to specially single out one particular scene in which he appears of more marked excellence than another. He plainly, from the outset of the drama, shows his purpose to simulate madness. The subtlety of Mr. Creswick's action from this juncture to the con clusion of the piece is the great feature of his perform ance. It i6 in this very particular of simulated madness where so many of his predecessors have failed to interpret the author, and it is in this where Mr. Creswick is perfect. Complete as the illusion is plainly made to act cm. the characters on the stage, it has to be made transparent to the audience ; and no wonder that, seeing that Mr. Creswick's Hamlet has been declared by the English Press as one of, if not the finest extant, it is in this wonderful piece of subtle acting that its power is felt. Though comparisons are too odious to make in this case, it is, perhaps, pardonable to observe that, with the excep tion of King Lear, the other characters Mr. Creswick has appeared in here sink into insignificance compared with his Hamlet. It must be borne in mind that the character in which the impetuosity of youth forms such a leading feature is in Mr. Creswick's case treated by one past thp meridian of life, when all the advan tages of voice and gesture are with Mr. Creswick those gained by mature study and experience rather than thoee which in the case of a younger man would be attributed to genius and enthusiasm. Hence in the touching scenes with Ophelia we have to take to a certain extent particular circumstances into consideration, and to remeniber that what may lose a little eilect in freshness is amply atoned for by the gain we have in the legitimacy of the rendition, the avoidance of all stage trickery, and the thorough earnestness of the actor. To specify any particular passages in the chequered life of Hamlet in which Mr. Creswick excels is a matter of con siderable difficulty ; but there are one or two phases which he so effectively brings out, and one or two leading charac teristics which so prominently mark his reading, that allusion may be made to them, more for the sake of pointing1 out to the visitor to the theatre peculiar features for study. The first is the salient point, which Mr. Creswick seizes at the outset and never loses sight of, in the character of Hamlet— viz., his undying_ love for the memory of his father. Brooding over it in solitude at the outset, it is the sorrow of his life. He clings with tenacity to that memory, and his terrible schemes for avenging his murder are actuated more by affection for his lost parent than hatred for his uncle. Finding the truth, as he believes, of the revelations male him by the ghost, through the conscience-stricken terror of the king, Hamlet nurses his revenge for the purpose of mentally torturing his uncle — wringing out, as long as he can, his scheme of vengeance. There is an innate tenderness of affection for his dead father which is perpetually unnerving Hamlet, and against wtr.ca he is constantly struggling, 'lest the consummation of his vengeance should not be completed. It is this phase of character that Mr. Creswick so effectively gives expression to. Hamlet becomes in Ms hands not the enraged man who is perpetually brought before us as thirsting to gratify his hatred by the ruin of his uncle, but as one brooding over a great'sorrow ; and when, in pourtraying all this, he has to hoodwink and baffle those about him by simulating madness, and effects it so completely, it may indeed be said that the conception of the character is as complete' as its delineation is in the highest possible way artistic. Objections have been taken, and perhaps with con siderable show of reason, to the somewhat stagy manner in which Mr. Creswick has treated the colloquial parts of the dialogues in other dramas he has appeared in ; but perhaps one of the most effective passages he delivered, in the repre sentation under notice, was the ironical rebuff to Guilden stern when Hamlet draws the simile between himself and the flute he hands the former to play upon : ' Do you , think I am easier to be played upon than a pipe ? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, yet you cannot play upon we ! ' This passage Mr. Creswick delivered not as a piece of declamation, as is the habit of too many impersonators of the character, nor indeed as if it were the cunning of a madman, but as a piece of bitter irony, and with telling effect. So also with the interview with the players and his advice to them, his phraseology does not rise beyond ordi nary colloquialism, but it was delivered with pungency and marked emphasis in such striking contrast to the stormy scene with Ophelia, where madness in its wildest form he has just typified, that the subtlety of the acting was perhaps more marked than in any other part of the drama. In a word, it is in the minor details where the masterly conception of the character of Hamlet is exemplified as a harmonious one throughout. There is no playing up to a sensational climax, no ' des pising of small things' to save physical power for some strong dramatic position. The evenness of the rendition and its essential individuality are its main characteristics ; and though in a play which runs welhiigh for four hours, it is impossible to take in all the beauties at one representa tion as particularly brought out by an actor whose length ened performance i6 under reviewal, it is sufficient to say that Mr. Creswick's Hamlet is a profound psycholo* gical study. In completeness it may well have been correctly termed unrivalled, and, as a faith ful interpretation of the author, faultless. What weakness there may possibly be found is in reality strength ; for, although in the more tender scenes with Ophelia, the freshness of youth may be wanting, still, on the other hand, we have in the more philosophical parts of the drama the exhibition of all that is* refined, delicate, and subtle in detail which is not to be rendered by any one who has not made the character the study of years, and brought a rare amount of intellect to enable such a perfect delinea tion to be attained. The bast act lost much of its effect, on Saturday evening, by numbers of the audience leaving before it was concluded, but by more rapid playing the time of the drama has been much shortened. Miss Ashton's Ophelia deserves special notice for its delicacy and gracefulness. In the mad scene she was particularly effective, and those painfully plaintive snatches of quaint ditties she sings, as she in her disordered fancy strews her father'6 grave with flowers, were most touchingly given. Mrs. Belton is rather overweighted with the character of the queen, and her voice is rather against her; but nevertheless she spared no pains to give the character an intelligent reading. Mr. Carey, as the ghost, was sepulchral enough in his delivery of the speech to Hamlet ; but why it should be necessary to use this charnel-house mode of delivery 6imply because the speech is that of a ghost, is not very easy to understand. Mr. Carey delivered it too much in monotone, and it lost much of its effect. Mr. Jones was a capital Polonius ; but it struck us that he dressed the part rather too patriarcbally. Mr. Bartlett, moreover, perfect as he was in the part of the first actor, was somewhat eccentric in his make-up, which does not suit his figure. Mr. Douglas was better as Laertes than in many characters he has played iately, and acted with much spirit. Mr. Seagrave's king is worthy of notice, though he, perhaps, erred morethan his colleagues in slowness of delivery, at times being tedious. Mr. Bland Holt's grave-digger is well known, and was played admirably. Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Bfiltou, as Horatio and Marcellus respectively, deserve a good word for their careful playing. The latter, indeed, is to be complimented on his clear elocution, which shows marked improvement during the last few weeks. As regards the text, the com pany could not have been more perfect. The mounting of the piece was admirable, and the grouping artistic. Special notice may be made of the ghost scene, as also of all those in the palace, which were well 6et. At the Theatre Royal the ' Princess Trebizonde' has been kept on the stage, probably because the season is so short that it is not worth while mounting anything new. The audiences have not been large, nor at all equal to the merits of the performance. The last few nights of the week are devoted to benefits, and this evening (.Saturday) Mr. Chaplin ? is to return to the theatre. Notwithstanding the continuous and heavy downpour of rain on Saturday, the Queen's Theatre, on the occasion of the presentation of Messrs. Kelly and Leon's revised pro gramme, was filled in every part to an almost insufferable degiee. This, considered with the fact that a Large number of people had to be refused admission in consequence of scarcity of accommodation, demonstrates vcy luddly that the company's entertainments comprise special qualities of interest and' effect, and are extremely acceptable to a Sydney audience. And the performances are really a combination of clever vocalisms and instrumentations* worthy careful attention. The constituents of the first part of Saturday's programme were a collection of comic and sentimental ballads, duets, and trios of the Christy Minstrel type, each bearing a strong evidence of care and good taste in its selec tion. In the rendition of these it was at once clear that the intentions of the respective composers bad been maturely deliberated upon, and not, only so, but those intentions were carried into execution with a degree of perfection that justified the applause so very prevalent and general. The re-demands were possibly too readily assented to, and the circumstance appeared at least temporarily lost to mind that the immediate repetition of a song, no matter how good its quality, has little of the sparkle of a singer's first effort. It should also be considered that very often the greater, if not the noisiest, portion of an audience are quite satisfied with the rendering of a particular soiig during an evening. The second part of the bill com menced with a brief farce, devoted principally to the well-developed eccentricities of Japanese Tommy, as a monkey, in annoying a tired tiayeller, at an hotel. It had little other recommendation than its comicalities ; but the quartette, ' The Tars' Song,' by Messrs. B. Read, C. S. Fredericks, W. Ball, and E. Kelly, following it, and without accompaniment, was, beyond doubt, one of the most finished executions that could be desired. Mr. Courtright's specialty, ' The Wood Sawyer,' was good, on account of its inherent naturalness. This was followed by a farcical adaptation of Offenbach's opera, bouffe, ' Choufleuri, or a Piima Donna for a Night.' The argument of the pieie is that Mons. Choufleuri. a merchant of commonplace character, to celebrate his retirement from business and his daughter's return from school, resolves to give a grand musical soiree, to which he invites his friends, great and small. By per suasion of Ernestine, his daughter, and to give eclat to the entertainment, he sends invitations to the three great singers, Sontag, Rubini, 'and Tamburini. At the last mo ment the singers decline to attend, and the comedy of the piece rests upon the substitution of Ernestine, Babylas, and Mons. Choufleuri for the renowned professionals. The piece is full of whimsicalities, genial humour, eccentric situations, and appropriate dialogue. It gives Mr. Leon an excellent opportunity for the display of hie abilities as an impersonator of female character in the representation of Ernestine, a half -tutored and decidedly American girl of the period, and, in fact, allows all- who take part in it to literally revel in a plav of words and double entendres. The finale is a threat of Babylas to expose the whole trick before the assembled guests unless he obtains the hand of Ernestine and a fortune irom Choufleuri. These are granted with the best possible giace, and everything terminates agreeably, although the piece would have been decidedly more effective had there been more animation amongst the guests. New Explosive. — The Russian Journal of Artillery states that an Austrian manufacturer has recently arrived at St. Petersburg, and has offered to sell to the RuBsian Government the secret of the fabrication of a new explosive. This substance, which is called ' heracline,' is, the inventor asserts, far superior to either ordinary gunpowder or dynamite for blasting and mining purposes, and, when prepared in a special manner, may also be employed with advantage as a bursting charge of shells. Used as a charge for mines, the new explosive is said to act with a much greater energy, and produce a much greater effect, than the same quantity of powder ; and, as both its density and cost of manufacture are considerably less, a saving of from 40 to 45 per cent, will be effected by employing it. It is also the least dangerous of any explosive, as it cannot be exploded either by a blow or by friction, but only by bringing a flame into contact with it in a closed vessel. It may therefore, be ignited either by electricity or by Bick ford's fuze ; but the detonating fuze required to ex plode dynamite with effect is not wanted. Compared with this latter substance, heracline can be prepared at one-third the cost; and the effect produced by equal quantities of the two compounds is said to be very nearly the same. The actual cost of preparing the heracline in Austria, where the inventor has already manufactured and patented it, is given at 30 florins per 100 lbs., and the patentee now offers to make a sufficient quantity for the Russian Govern ment to carry out a series of experiments, finding the necessary substances himself, if the Russian autho rities wiil place one of its powder mills at his disposal. For the present the proposal has been declined ; but 250 kilogrammes of the explosive have been ordered to enable the Russian engineers to make experiments with it in mining operations, and also as a charge for hollow projectiles — Pall Mall Gasxtte. 