MARRIAGE CUSTOMS IN" INDIA. MABBIAQE customs and marriage mantras differ in some respects in different parts of the country. Thus at the marriage of his Highness jthe Maharajah of Mysore, the fol lowing pretty recitation formed a portion of the ritual uttered by the bridegroom in musi cal Sanskirt: " The bridegroom replies, ' Well be it,' and recites the following: ' "V Who gave her ? , ^ . To whom did he give her! .; , Love gave her. To lovehe gave her. , ' ' i . , Love waa the giver. , i Love .was the taker. Lovel may this be thine. , ; : With love may I enjoy her.'. Love has pervaded the ocean. With love I accept her ! -Love ! may this be thine.'" Soon after this the bride and bridgroom proceed one or two steps forward, and the bride is thus addressed by the bridegroom : " May the regions of space, may air, the sun, and fire dispel that anxiety which thou feelest in thy mind and turn thy heart to me. Be gentle in thy aspect and loyal to thy husband; be fortunate in cattle, amiable in thy mind, and beautiful in'thy person; mother of gallant sons ; be fond of delights ; be cheerful and bring prosperity to our bipeds and quadrupeds. Soma first received thee; the Sun next obtained tbee; the regent of fire was thy third husband; and now a human being is thy fourth. " Soma gave her to the Sun ; the Sun gave her to the regent of fire; fire gave her to me. With her he has given me wealth and male oSspring. May she, most auspicious cause of prosperity, never desert me." These and many others, whiah were recited, contain much of exquisite poetry in them. They are, to quote Max Muller, the simplest child-like prayers on record.-The Indian Mirror. PAPEK BOTTOMS FOB IBON SHIP3.-After getting used to paper oar-wheels, we need not be surprised to learn that a new coating for the bottoms of iron ships consist of brown paper attached by a suitable cement. It is the invention of Captain F. Warren, of Eng land, and the substance he proposes to use is a preparation of papier mache. It is stated that weeds and barnacles will not adhere to paper, and that the special cement, by- which the paper is secured may be applied cold, but it hardens under water, is unaffected by com-. paratively high temperature, and poeesses great tenaoity. A plate thus protected on one side has been immersed for six aonths, with the reaolt that the protected side was found clean, while -the unprotected metal waa .covered with ruat and shellfish. A PBETTY FANCX,-Oneof the pretty fancieB of Frenoh. people is to make colours the expression of. sentiment., They hold that violet is analogous to friendship, bine to love, as suggested by blue eyes and azure sky. A bunch of violets would therefore tell a lady's suitor that friendship is all he has a right to expeot. Yellow is paternity or maternity; it is the yellow rays of the spectrum whioh cause the germ to Bhoot. Bed figures ambition; indigo, the spirit of rivalry; green, the love of ohange, fickleness; black, favouritism; white, unity, university. In addition to the seven primitive colours, grey indicates power; brows, prudery; pink, modesty; silver grey (semi-white), feeble love; lilac (semi-violet), feeble friendship; pink, false shame. SHEARING SHEEP.-According to an inter esting paper by Professor Preitag, of Halle, it is only since the sixteenth century that the practice of shearing sheep has been followed in Germany. Previously to that date the wool was separated by simply plucking it out-a process which was found to be greatly facilitated by penning up the sheep closely, and keeping them without food for a few days before the operation. This system still obtains in some northern European countries; and the Professor had an opportunity of personally witnessing it during his late travels in certain part3 of Norway and Sweden, and in Iceland and several other islands. In these regions the short-tailed sheep (ovis borcalis), which, like other wild mountain races, changes its hair yearly, is the variety chiefly kept; and the fleece is plucked ofi in June, after its bearer has been submitted to a few days' starvation. The ordinary breeds of sheep met with in most other countries do not change their coat, as has been clearly demonstrated by exhaustive experiments. They have been left unshorn for four, seven, and even eleven years without any fresh growth being ob served, although the original coat continued to increase by simple prolongation of the individual hairs. The rate of growth is fastest during the first three^ years of the Bheep's life, after which time it deoreases gradually and considerably. In domesticated sheep the growth each year is most luxuriant immediately after the shearing in June > or July; while in the wild breeds, as might be expected, it is most marked in winter time, when the severity of tlie weather demands additional protection. IN 1876, wolveBin theEussian province of Samara, devoured 5380 horses and horned cattle, 56,000 small cattle, 22,000 domestio fowls, and more than 1000 dogs. In 1877 their ravages were even greater. AN American suggests the construction of projectiles on the principle of the boomerang for reaching an enemy behind earthworks or embankments. The usual way of surmount ing obstacles of this sort iB to make the balls ricochet or bounce over the parapet after first striking the ground. NEW USE FOB. LEMON VERBENA.-The well known' fragrant garden favourite the sweet-scented or lemon verbena Lippia cilriodora,) seems to have other qualities to recommend it than thoEe of the fragrance for whioh it is usually cultivated. The author of a recent work, entitled " Among the Spanish people," describes it as being systematically gathered in Spain, where it is regarded as a fine stomaohic and cordial. It is used either in the form of a decoction, swceteneJ, or five or six leaves are put into a teacup, and hot tea poured upon them. The author says that the flavour of the tea thus prepared " is simply delicious, and no one who has drunk his Pekoe with it will ever again drink it without a sprig of lemon verbena." And he fnrther states that if-this be used one need " never suffer from flatu lence, never be made nervous orold-maidiah, never have obolera, diarrhea, or loss of appetite." A GREAT EEL PBESEBVE.-An American paper says :-" On the farm of James N. Wells, in the Town of Riverhead, is the greatest eel preserve ever seen inland. The pond covers five acres. Two years ago Mr. Wells put into the pond 2000 dozen eels, with no intention of disturbing them for five years. They have increased wonderfully, millions being in the pond, and it is thought that there will be quad rillions before Mr. Wells gets ready to market them. The eels are fed regularly every three dayB on what is known as ' horse feet/ a sea product, with meat in side a shell which takes the shape of a horse's hoof, and it is doubtless from that that it derives the name. They consume 750 horse feet in three days. It would seem "impossible to furnish so many, but the number doe3 not begin to detail the extent of the catch. Millions of them are annually fed to swine and poultry, and some. men make a business of catching them. On 15th Juue, after a storm, Capt. Downs, with a trap of his own invention, caught 1000 'feet,' and between the 15th of June and April his aggregate catch . was 19,000." HANLAN IN PENTIENTIARY. - When Hanlan, America's celebrated oarsman, visited the Penitentiary at Kingston, he found that an arch had been erected over the stone yard bearing the inscription in green, very cleverly executed by one of the prisoners, " Hurrah for Hanlan!"-with a shamrock and a pair of crossed skulls on one side, a shamrock and flag on the other and the harp of Ireland beneath. A3 the party were leaving the yard one of the convicts stepped up to the champion and presented him with a pendant for a watch chain, of a horse and his rider, beautifully carved from a plain piece of bone. Hanlan's appearance in each room was the signal 'for every man to momentarily quit work to take a glimpse at the celebrated oars man, with, whose doings, in spite of their dungeon walls, many of them seemed well acquainted. THE EVIDENCE OF A GHOST.-Murderers have in many instances been convicted and : executed by evidence that was elicited through the agenoy of a dream or some vague ghost Btory, It is not generally known, however, that two men were executed in the North of England, a little more than two hundred years ago, by, the testimony of a ghoat. In 1631, a woman named Ann Miller was mur dered at Chesterle-street. Her ghost, ac cording to the local records, appeared to a miller who resided in the neighborhood, and told him the story of her murder. He in formed the magistrates, who issued warrants for the arrest of John Walker andMarkSharp. These two men were tried, before Judge Davenport, at the next Durham Assizes, found guilty, and executed upon no other evidence than the story of the miller. Newcastle Courant. AN EXCEEDINGLY MABEIED MAN.-Un easy lies the head that wears a crown applies particularly, one might think, to the King of Siam, who has, or had, 600 commissioned wives and 2400 wives by brevet, all of them living in one vast palace at Bangkok. Most men would rather relinquish all power and royal authority than be quite so much married ; but, we presume, the polygamous sove reign has got accustomed to his super abundant connubiality. He is said to be an amiable and enlighted Prince, and to be sufficiently advanced not tc grieve over the recent death of the white elephant, a sacred beast among the Budhists. He probably thinks his 3000 wives elephant enough for him without concerning himself about the actual quadruped. He must be amiable, surely, to get '0$ smoothly, as he is said to do, with 3000 women, all of whom are reputed to esteem and like him. We wonder how he manages. There must be some subtle secret in it which the Western world has never divined. Why doesn't he give his views on the Woman Question so much discussed of late ? His multifarious experience has empowered him to speak intelligently, and his opinions would have weight. It would be very interesting to know how one man can live comfortably with 3000 women, when so many men find it very hard to live comfortably with one woman. 