S q. H E ' P H A N T 0 M M I N E K. | ) ("A utori/ of the old gold digging dagn.) " Tull you a ghost story," said my uncle Ned, a hale old ) gentleman of 70 years. "'Well, I will relate .a peculi.ar J affair that h.appcned on Tallm.ans Gully, in 1850." S Wo were .all .attention, and listened to the very reinark- / able narrative he related in the following manner : y " You must know, commenced my uncle, tuat i ami , \ four mates were living in a tent on the banks of the ( river — living, I .said, I should have called it existing, for ) wo were most unfortiui.atc, only finding sufficient gold to ) keep us in the commonest tucker. After our evcryd.ay's / work, you may be sure we were tired enough ; but we were ) cverj' night disturbed in our rest by the clink, clink, clink \ of a pick, about fifty y.ards from our canvas home. This f cbufoundcd noise always commenced at midnight, ami did y not cease until the break of day. One night we were \ determined to sec who it was ; so we sallied forth in the r bright moonlight, and saw a figure iu a coarse rod flannel shirt, high boots, and slouclied hat, hard .at work by an k old claim which bad been deserted for many yc<ars. I was ( chosen spokesman, ito expostulate with this, noisy digger; but when I was within twenty yards of him, I stood still, V tv.ansfixcd with horror, — for the wearer of the digger's / clothes was no lioiiuj vmii, hut a oltMeton y " Uiicle Ned ! " we all cried, " how. feai'ful." (. " One night, our tent w.as visited by a handsome, well- / to-flo,;loqking man, of about fifty years of age, who y enquired for a digger of whom we knew, nothing about. C He told us that in '51 he and a mate of his deserted from / one of Her Jl.ajesty's shiijs, and st.arted for the Tallmans S gold fields. They worked with pretty good luck for a few C mouths, when the new comer went down to Melbom-nc to / see' abbutjhome letters. Befoi'e he went, he said to his S mate,-' Bob, whatever you do, never stop working the ( claini for a day until I come back.' Bob promised, and / they parted. ' I went down to Melbourne,' said the ox- S digger, 'and there was an-ested as a deserter, and scut on l' board ; and now that I have obtained my discharge, I f have "hastened up, .here 'to find my old chum.' ' You will \ see him to-iiight,' I said; '' but you'll "find hini very much . changed.' At niidnight, the everlasting clink of the ) phantom's pick"was heard, "aiid we all turned out, 'Ah 1 ' \ cried the sailor, 'there's dear old Bob. Bob, here I am back. .- Bob, sp'eak to, ine.''; He ran , to the, figure, \yhich ) turned its hideous face oh'hira. With aloud shriek the seeker fell senseless on the, ground. ! The .ghost , threw down its pijok, and .yaiiishech-.. Iii'. tlic: mOi'uing wc discovered the ) poot salffir',a ravihg .lunaticl'' ' , " Oli, uticle Ned,; what a fearful story," .'' Well, you asked me to :tell yoh fi story, and I have I d6nc;s6."".',-. ; ; " . , '' Then, it is not' true . , ' " Well, said our uncl.c. l.aughing, " it is as.truejas many I of the absurd ,y aims .that got- about .during :the raging of , 1 he golcLfey'ch' i . Ahi those Avere "strauge daj's, men wonTd -undcrgo any amount , of piivati for a few ounces I ogold. "How different it is now; 'for should a man be ,j pushed for a large pi\ small auiount he has to do is to have .an ihtci'view with, ' ' : I diyid henry;, of 52 Colliris'streeb east, Who has fi- om £5 to £10,000 tolend-bmnotesof hand, bills of sale (with or withoub- security), salary orders, life I policies, icertificates,; decd.s, bill of - lading, legacies, goods, mercliaridise, on expected remittances, or on moneys per- sons may be entitled to from England .and elsewhere, etc., j ( repayable to suit the convenieuce of boiTOwers. ; Bills discounted daily at. the lowest rate of interest, and i morlg.agcs from 6 per cent. 