VOLUNTEER REVIEW. There wns an ímmenfe number of persons¡nf tho review sf the ^ oluntecr 1 oicos on Mooio Park lhoro must havo been heir ten 15,000 and 20,000 on tho ground, and Oxford «¡d Botany streets rresentod a livolj spectacle during the ¡ftcmoon ¿lib. come, s and goers, «hilo the houses and every stace of Hght nero tilled with onlookers Bj 12 o'clock tho Volunteer» were dm«n up on the ground, and the Artillorj Cadet Corps, under tho f ouiinand of Captain Strong, tired a roy»l salmo in ths rcserv. opposite Moore Park His Excellencj (who «is attended by hu aide-de-camp end pnvsto socretarj ) « as nccomiwnicd by Colonel lliihard son (Commandant), and C-nonel Roberts, Majura Christie indlhj ne», Captain Compton ( lide-dc-canip to tho Com . mudaut), »nd Lieutenants Vrov and M'kcnzio Tlio Volunteer Artillery «tro u-idtr the command of Lentenanl-Colonol Wilson and tho field gun halterios under Msjor Well» the ndjutant to the brigade being M»]or Spalding Tho Engineer» «or» in command of Captain Kow«, the Torpedo and Signal Corps under Major Cracknoll The 1st Regiment of Volunteer Rifles ivas commanded bv Lieutenant Colonel Raj mond and Majors Rithards and Well», Captain Chatfield being adj utant The 2nd Regiment «as under Lieutenant-Colonel Goodlet, Majors Jacques and Phillips, with Captain J. Wilson as idjutant ThoNavalBngado was commanded; by Captain Hixson and Commander Jones, and the guns «ero under the charge of Captain Cross It was estimated that the total number of elective men on the ground «as 1150 or thereabouts On his Excellencj's arrival tho usual movements woro »locuted Tho men formed into line and « ere inspected, a royal salute wa» Bred, and then tho Volunteers marched p ist tho Governor, in close column of compau es Cheers were pica for the Queen, and his Excellency-h»\ ing expressed Ei» Mtisfachon at the appearance of (ho men-left the pound, aid the volunteers marched back to their quarters, ¡tar respectivo bonds nlnving lu civ uir«. Notwithstanding the immenso ero« d of spectators on tho pound, there «ss not the bast disorder and though there nasa strong police force on tho ground, their services were apparently not called into requisition HAIIBOUR. EXCLUSIONS -The various points of pictu reserae beauty down tho harbour weio sourcos of nttra-tiou to large numbers of tho citi7ens h rom »n cailyhoir peop'e commonced congregating in the viunity of Circular Quay, the rendezvous on such occasions, and at about half past 10 o'clock locomotion «as somewhat difficult in tho neighbourhood A large fleet of steamer» «as provided tor the accommodation of all «ho «autcd to enjoy an outing on tho water, and it did not take lone; beforo each of theso « as filled Nearly every one of them had nu independent bandof music These indulged in a sones of Etraius \ arv ing from " Tommy inako roora for j our undo" up to the Mtrotic «.sr song m which loj al citizens are told tint ' ' Tho Bujsians shall not have Con«tintinoplo ' Tiaro «as the nr 0! enjoyment our the scene that is generally chiiactcr ist o of tho presence of a Sv dney crow d out for a day's recrea- tion All were vull dressed, and each indtv idunl appeared happy Thero «ero few, if am, evidences of any of tho people being overworked, underfed, or underpaid, and thero iras a remarkable absenco of anything liko mtoucaton Family groups wero observablo in all directions, and nintcr lamiliis had somo difficulty m seeing that tho immense stores )f good things prepared for tho occasion dil not go latnv, while paterfamilias had to exercise muru ingenuity o keep tho olivo branches out of harm's woy By-nud svotho crowd dissolved Many of its mombers «ent to Manly Beach, whilst others sought tho ocean breezes at South Head Botany Bay was S great attraction, there being excellent programmes of sports and dauan« »ranged to take place at the Sir Joseph Banks Hotel and it Correy» Tea-gardens there Excursions «ero also .rranged for Athol Gardens, whero tho usual rural sports took pitee, and tho Blondín, Brothers «ero advertised to give ono of their astonishing tughTopo performances and to Mossman'» Bav, whero it wa» announced that Mr Perkins would indulge in wire walking at an altitude of four hundred feet At Clontarf tho usual attraction» were offered, and at Chowder Bay family picnics, minstrelsy, and acting formed the order if tho day Other places largely patronised wero \ au duse, the Parramatta River, the Caves at Watson's Baj, Iho Fortifications Fern Bav and Pearl Bav THE RAILWAYS.-Notwithstanding tho inconvenience .arising from insufficient caningo accommodation, gi-e.it numbera flocked out of town by the Southern. Western, wd Richmond Railways. Tho trip to Parramatta Park hu become so popular that the officials laid on their special trains for that line, and to do so took into use everything, even good« truck«, that could bo subordinated to tho purpose. Tho employees of the Traffic Department, with their families, took thoopportunity of holding a picnic inthopirk; »hero boudes, tuoto was such a concourse of plcoauro-seoker« M has seldom, if ever, been teen there. Tho scene was highly Buçges'.ivo of on English country fair, excopt, of couiso, as to Ino matter of dress. In fact, tuero has seldom been so much ¡ifo at Parramatta (savo at election times) sinco tho "good old times," when tho vonerablo .town wa» the head- quarters of a regiment and tho homo of vice- royalty. THE CABNIVAL.-This year tho celebration of tho Quota's Birthday was accompanied by a class of enteitain ment which is now to Svdney. Wo aliido to the Carnival »hick wa« held at (ho Albert Cricket Ground, and »hich was attended by nearly 7000 parsons. Tho opening of the day's proceeding« was a procession, which wended its rniy from tho vicinity of tho Circular Quay along the principal streets to tho ground». Tho display wa« certainly if a character to attract attention, if it was not altogether mtifying to many people-tho odd and grotcsquo aids tluit roe brought into play to heighton tho general effect being, to say tho least of itj ingenious. There waa a band on n 'bus leading tho wav, followed by another 'bus, and fajgons, and chariot« filled with tho performers of tue day, dressed in many different characters ; thora was a ipicon in nil her royal robe«, and thero was a harlequin or a clown, an army of foniulo amazon« being utilized to increase tho show. Thero wor« also imitation donkeys, heralds on horseback, and other spectacular accompaniment«. Ona could have almost imagined, in watching tho procession, that ho was reading Goldsmith's Jncriplion in "Tho Traveller" of the then present day Italians, whero ho «peak« of " the bloodless pomp " and "tho pasteboard triumph and tho cavalcade." The irraujcments throughout wera not of an altogether ntiifactory nature. Tho grounds wera not reached by Ino procession until half-past 12, and it was nearly 1 o clock boforo tho sport« woro commenced. ? Of thoso a brief description will suflleo. Thero waa a costume cricket match, which was played throughout tho day with short in- termissions. At ono end of the oval a juvenilo Blondín walked backward and forward on tho high rope, and ut tho other, another of the «anio kind of performances wai given, .J« included dancing on tho ropo to tho music of the Princo of Wales' Band. Beda, a one-legged mau, performed on uis flying trapezo, and thoro wera several hack races, in Much no great intorost was taken. Tho most exciting pints of tho afternoon wero two chariot races. Two »ay equestrienne« each drovo a pair of horses in a chariot cn Iho Uni occasion onco round, and on the second twico round. During the latter tho di ivers wero several times |n great danger of running into one another, and one of tho teams bolted ; and in their career, Mr. Rooty, who tried to .top thom, was injured about th« face. Portions of tho names« too were faulty, which increased tho jcopardvto nie and limb. Such concomitant« as gambling institution«, performing dog«, &o.;,it ia needless to add, wera therein «bunaaneo. Altogothor, from the feeling oxpressed, it is Rircely likely that a repetition of ye»terday's proceedings mil bo attempted for a long time to come. MOSSMAN'S BAY.- Between three and four thousand people visited Mossman's Bay, yesterday, to witness Mr. Perkins walk across on a telegraph wire, which he did in a most intrepid manner. Later in the afternoon he per formed the feat of balancing himself, without the aid of a balancing pole, on a piano wire. After several evolutions on the wire he played a solo on a violin in so skilful a manner to elicit great applause. A slight accident happened during the afternoon. It appears that a small Piece of orange-peel stuck in the throat of a little boy, causing temporary suffocation. He was conveyed as quickly as possible to Dr. Ward, of the North Shore, and no serious results are anticipated. nr^S'"0,"« p,Il°F?s<'ox.-Tho annual torchlight EX ofT.No- 3- vSlB»t«>» Fire Brigade took placo Kir"' *.' c°°a«ted of firstly, a brass band, followed in«,w. cnFme/..»,'|i Jao rear was brought up by the Tho mlall0Ut ioJty iu fumb6r> «J» SuW torches. itr«t îi Ä írom fte Btatioa >» Costlcreagh » CLrUt E*'hurit-|itr«*. thence along Pitt-»t?eet » Uttlrt Church. George-street to Bridee-street. thence ta Macquarie street, ai far ai Oxford street,* and back to the station. . The procession started at 8 o'clock, and was of somewhat picturesque appearance. .The engines, each of which wero drawn by four black horses andmanned by members of the bridado, were tastefully docornfed with evorgroens and Chinese lanterns. An immense number of peoplo followed them along tho entire journey, and the main streets wer« thronged with onlookers. Un their arrival at Bathurst strcot, a grand welcomo awaited them from tho members of tho'Firo litigado. Rockets of enormous »ko and othor fire- works wero discharged from tho chief station immediately tlio head of tho procession put in an appcaranco, and continued for somo timo after thoy had passed. Tlio discharges «'era frcquont and of great brilliancy, and lit up the surrounding neighbourhood. Tho procession was altogether uniquo in character, and if tho excitement and interest apparently created bo any crilorioa of success, then tho promoters of, and partakers m, tho entertainment can have no causo lo complain. Tho arrangement» were mott successfully carried, out in their entirety. CoHOEitT AND AUT-UNIOS.-An entertainment was given in the Exhibition Building yesterday ovoning of a somewhat novel charaoter, inasmuch ns the attraction» of a concert and an art-union wero combined. The nrt-union consisted of n lottory for thirty prize» of wax Howers, made by Mrs. Alfred Grave, somo of which wero shown nt tho re- cent Exhibition of I ho Agricultural Society, mid obtained a pri/o. Holders of tickets in the lottery were admitted to the concert free. Thero was an excellent attendance, not foivorthan hotwoen two and thrco thousand porsons having' been present. Tlio concert wa» nn unqualified success, as indeed it could hardly fail to ho when tho singers wero Miss Bcssio Harrison, Mrs. Pratt, Mr. li. Ack- land, Mr. Andrew; Fairfax, and Signor StofTuui, with Mr. W. G. Broadhurst as accompanist. Tho Imperial Brass Band also rendered some of their choicest »elections. Tho progmmmo was n good one, well varied, and containing somo excellent selections, and every number wns given in so admirable a manner an to elicit unbounded applause, and in many instances, unanimous encores. The performances terminated with an exhibition by the Blondín Brothers of their wonderful feats of skill and agility ou a tight ropo stretched ii oin ono end of thb gallery to tho other. Owing to the success of tho concert, and the lato hour at which it ter- minated, it was impossible fo cariy out the drawing for tlio prizes in the lottery lust night, but tho committee havo arrnnfjed for this to"tako placo on Tuesday next. VicroniA THEATRE.-All things considered and especi- ally on tho occasion of the Queen's Birthday, tho selection for representation of the tragedy of hernnccstor Richard III. was not happy. Yet with the general public this was of les» consequence than the fact that peoplo nt the closo of a holiday do not caro much for theio very serions ploj's. This is the explanation of tho fact that, though tho attend- ance was largo, it was not so crowded ns might have been expected last night, for thero wa» no fault to lind with tho reprod action of the play. THEATUB ROYAL.-As might ho expected. " Our Boys " proved it great success last night, and tho moro popular parts of the theatre were crowded, while the dress chelo was well and fashionably attended. Qunr.íí'a TitEAniE.-This placo of amusement was densely crowded last evening, many persons being unable to obtain admission. Tho programmo comprised the drama " Liai Eccles," illustrative of Now York lifo, in which tho lea ling characters were, as usual, taken by Messrs. Baker and Farron, and a variety of tongs and dances «ero intro- duced into tho performance by them during tho courio of the evening. Tho drama is to bo repeated to-night, and, judging hy its reception last night, promises to havo a good run. THE GUILD HALL.-D'Arcy Read's Ghost performance at this place was largely utteniled, and as usual the optical illusions afforded much amusonient to those present. The programme included a variety of songs, duets, choruses, re- frains ; and there was a night's capital entcrtainmont. THE STREETS OP SYDNEY.-It is somowhat difficult to convoy any idea of the appearance of tho main thorough- fares last night. Their crowded state was evidently owing to a general desiro to witness tho torchlight pro- cession of the Fire Brigade. It would be impossible to form even an approximate estimate of the number of people, but they could certainly bo counted by many thousands. George-street was, of course, thronged to repletion, and it was no easy matter to make way through the dense masses which lined the road as wull as the pavement, Tho juvonilo part of the thronjr, which mustered in great force, relieved its pent-up feelings by exploding fireworks amoug the multitude. Many of these exuberant j'ontliB, probably to testify to tho thorough loyalty of | the feelings reigning in their bosoms-carried lighted candles in their hands, to which, ever and anon, they applied the md« oí crackers and other noisy combustibles, which were thrown about in all directions. As might bo expected, much amusement was caused by men and waauen rushing about to keep clear of these unexpected and un welcomo visitors, which wero so erratic in their movements that it was impossible to know before hand whero the next "crack" would take place. However, everything seemed to bo taken in good part, and thero aro, happily, no casual tics to repoit. PARRAMATTA.-Our «»respondent writes :-A good hour before daylight n fusilado of fireworks from many quarters announced the commencement of the 21th of May sports, and by 9 o'clock the people began to pour into Parra- matta to celebrate the day, and to participate in the Railway Porters' Sports, initiated by Mr. Hugh Tajlor, M.P. All the bands connected with Parramatta wero ou the ground where tho sports wero hold, in front of the pavilion, and closo to the old Government Houso in the beautiful park. Tho daj' was delightfully uno, and, in addition to those engaged in the sporls a» spectators and competitors, there wero numerous picnic parties dispersed through the park, each enjoying itself after its own fashion, and accord- ing to its pieitomiuant taste. Several refreshment stalls woro erected round tho spot where tho sports took place, and seemed to bo extensively patronised- besides which there wero lucky bags, round-abouts, and other attractions for old and jvung. The , sports provided by tho committee of management for railway employees and their families were-Tub races; jumping in Backs, foot races, and tho capture of a pig from the end of a greasy pole extended horizontally troru tho river bank. Tho best of the tub races was that between two men, the winner lending from the start ; his opponent, however, was fast overhauling him, when the tub fifTed with water, audits "plucky" inmate had to swim to the land. The try for tho pig caused manv an aspirant to come to grief, to tho great laughter of the spectators. The race for a cup given by Mr. Taylorwas won by S. Myers, after a hard contest. Thero was also a prize of a plated tea and cofTeo servira given hy Mr. J. G. Mills, of Pitt street, Sj- dney. This prize brought four couples to the post, tho distauco run was about «ovontj'-flvo yards, hand lu-hand. Ono of the fair ones, who formed part of acouple, slipped when »bout a third of tho way across the course and lost her chance. Tho winners were -Miss M. Hannan, and her allianced ; and, ns may bo expected, the result was hailed witli a hurst of hearty cheering, and a general attempt to salute tho fair victor. There vvasnot a singlo contretemps during the day to mar the sport ; tho police wero on tho' ground, civil and obliging ns usual, but they all held sinecures, tho crowd (perhaps 6000 altogether) being thoroughly good tempered, orderlv-, and a credit to tho colony tiley live in. Fireworks wound up the day's amuse- ments). Tlie employees ought tobe, and no doubt ure,obliged to Mr. ILTaj-lorforhis) arranging, mauaging.audcontroll- ing the sports, which gave them a good day's amusement on tho 611th anniversary of our gracious Queen. 